Newsgroups: rec.drugs.cannabis

Almost two years ago, I was involved in a car accident. A woman (who blew
a .022) ran a stop sign and hit me. I blew a .015 so I was also arrested.
My expensive attorney was little help: 18 months probation for my first
offense! Anyway, in the last two years I realized that alcohol was causing
a lot of problems for me, apart from the DUI. A girl I really liked dumped
me over the phone and because I was drunk and upset, I punched a door and
broke a bone in my left hand. Since I am a bass player, this prevented me
from playing for two months. I lost a job I liked because of drinking. I
flunked out of Syracuse University because all I did was drink. I never
studied or went to classes. Alcohol was slowly ruining my life. As of
Sept. 25th, 1994, I have not had one drop of alcohol. Since then my life
has turned around 100%. My thinking my cleared up immensely, I don't get
mad or moody like I used to, I even took some summer classes and am now
enrolled in college full time working towards a B.A. in Psychology. 
     Since I quit drinking, I have continued to smoke marijuana, partly
because I don't want to give it up, and partly because I'd rather be
stoned than drunk and so when I am, there isn't the slightest temptation
to drink. I look at it as my prescription to keep me off booze.
     As far as my probation went, I have been a model probationer. No
drinking for almost a year. No police contact. Back in school trying to
better my life. Everything was going great, 'til the law felt it was time
to knock me down again.
     I was playing a lunch time gig downtown with some friends of mine
last week when between sets the band leader suggested we go for a walk,
ie: go smoke a joint. Four of us went down an alley and hung out next to a
dumpster. I had my bowl with me so we passed that around along with the
jay. Not two minutes went by when a police cruiser turned the corner and
was right there! I had the bowl in my hand so I tried to casually pitch it
behind the dumpster but one of the cops saw me do it and got my bowl. They
didn't arrest me, but they said they were going to write a report on me
and one of the other guys who had a joint on him. I was going to be done
with probation next month! Now this! Not another life ruined by drugs, but
rather by drug laws!

