X-Personal_name: Fee
Subject: Bad bad bad!!!

...ummmm...i had a reallly bad experience....i ate two hits of orange 
sunshine (the orange sunshine going around north carolina in the spring  
of '94)...i was off in my own world...oh.. did i mention i was still in 
high school at that time and i was in fact IN  school?....anys, i had a 
very deep conversation with a computer concerning chemistry 
formulas...out loud...then i had a jazz band rehearsal...we were playing 
a beautiful rendition of  billy joel's "tell her  about it"...i was 
playing the hell out of a set of bongos...suddenly, jd (a guitar player) 
hit a bad note...it  was all downhill from there...i ran into a back 
room...which was a mistake...because it began to shrink in on me...little 
mushroom men from super mario brothers with evil smiles and big teeth 
began to taunt me...among the highlights of  my fourteen hours in hell 
was watching the flesh burn off  my hand (it didn't really..it just 
seemed like it was)...being strangled by the seatbelt which was now a  
snake...being convinced that a white schoolbus  from charlotte latin was 
stalking me in an attempt to kill me...and watching myself burn in hell 
for all eternity several times...needless to say, i eased up on dosing 
for awhile...actually a year and a half...during which time i awoke 
regularly from horrific  nightmares during the night....but now it's all 
good.....viva la LSD!!!!
		-Fee
