I had never tripped acid before, but i always have wanted to. One day a
friend of mine tells me that he had a 10 strip of some acid. I totally
started freaking out saying "man you gotta sell me a hit or two" He told me
not to worry about it and that it was on the house. I dosed a hit and a half
of some white blouter. About forty-five minutes later I started feeling
awkward and started seeing weird patterns of light everywhere I looked and I
was all caught up in seeing shit and was enjoying it quite well. My two
friends and I sat outside in a friends driveway all night trippin nuts and
having a good time.
     Its was 12:00 midnight and I had to be home(unfortunately, i dreaded the
thought of even going near my parents) so we finished the joint I rolled and
I headed home. I was driving out in the middle of who knows where and as I
drove past this field I looked over and saw space camels running though a cow
pasture then saw a floating island hovering off to the left of my car. It was
the greatest thing I had ever seen in my life. I arrived home only to have my
dad sitting on the couch awaiting my arrivial so he could go to bed(why i
dont know i hate it though) I quickly spoke to him and rushed upstairs to
avoid any extensive conversations with my folks. I walked into my room and
turned on my blacklight and stared at my blacklight poster as my friend up
the street came to my window and i let him in and we both stared at the
poster tripping balls/peaking out. I got up and cut on the tv and watched
Vampire Hunter D, then got bored and cut off the tv and stared at the poster,
went back to the tv and watched it for a few minutes then looked at the
poster again and i continued this for about an hour. I settled down
eventually and looked at the poster and saw satan and jesus talking to me
then they disappeared and spirals camee out of the poster and swirled around
, it was the most bueatiful thing i ever saw. 

 I have done acid numerous times since then and plan to do more someday. I
havent had a bad trip yet and dont want one.