July 12 1987 was a beautifully bright and sunny day. MTV had 
called 87 the new summer of love. To coincide with this claim 
Bob Dylan and the Grateful Dead were touring together across 
the USA.Outside the show I ingested three cubes of some 
powerful LSD.  Being an experienced LSD user I was not worried. 
Boy did I get my monies worth. By the time I reached my seat at 
the rear of the stage in the upper nose bleeds of Giants 
stadium I was having massive visual effects.Peoples faces and 
bodies were distorting into whatever strange form my mind was 
coming up with.About this time the Dead came out and started 
jaming.The combination of the music and the Lsd really set my 
mind adrift into the cosmos.I mean my mind split into thousands 
of multicolored fragments and the universe seemed to rip 
open.At the same time a great feeling of unity overcame me with 
my fellow concert goers.It was always at this point that i 
refer to strapping into my seat for fear of drifting off to 
far. That was the point when the music actually became 
something visual,patterns forming out the air swirling and 
moving almost as if in a tunnel. Finally peaked just as the 
concert peaked with Dylan singing Knocking on Heavens Door..I 
sincerly felt that God was going to answer.Afterwords I was 
speachless , feeling as if Id experienced some kind of 
religious conversion. Our government needs to stop oppressing 
us with theyre uninitiated laws and customs. LSD will set 
anyone free if only for a little while LET US BE!!!!!!