I was driving my old beater-car across Rte. 2 in Vermont on my way to the 
University of Vermont where I would be starting my second year.  Driving 
55 mph was not a problem since my car doesn't go much faster, anyway. I 
was passing through Plainville, or some town like that, when I saw lights 
and sirens behind me.  I knew I had not done anything wrong, but my car, 
being plastered with every Dead, Phish, and other stickers, it is an easy 
target (I guess).  Pulling to the side of the road to let the officer 
pass, I realized he was also slowing and puling off behind me.  UH-OH!!!

I had nothing of an illegal nature in plain view, but not knowing what 
the availability at school would be early on in the semester, I brought a 
three week supply of Maine Hydro along with me (personal consumption 
only).  As I was slowing down, my McDonald's fries dumped off the 
passenger side seat from the sudden decelleration.  Reaching for them as 
they fell I would soon realize to be a mistake.

"Licence and Registration please."

I handed both over.

"Do you know why I pulled you over?"  queried the VT state trooper 

"No, sir, I don't"  I replied

"You don't have any contraband in here do you?"

"No, sir."  I said assurredly

"You have a brake-light out" he said

(I was thinking, he would only know that my light was out once I started 
to slow down, after he was following me with his siren)

"Are you sure you don't have any weed in here?"  he asked again

"No, sir."

"Where are you going?"

"UVM, sir"

"How come?"

"I'm a student there.  I reached for my Student ID and handed it over"

I noticed you reached for something when I pulled you over.  You're not 
hiding anything are you?"

"Actually, I was startled and my Mcdonalds fries dumped all over the 
floor"  I gestured to the potato mess on the floor."

"Driver, exit the vehicle"  he said, his mood getting quite stern.
He had me lie face down on the highway while he proceeded to unpack all 
the stuff I was taking to school with me, clothes, books, EVERYTHING!!!
All the while, telling me to face front, and that I couldn't watch him 
search my car.  He ripped a hole in the back seat looking for stuff.  
Finally, he came up with a bag of seeds, a brand-new unused protopipe, 
and some clean brass screens, still in the wrapper.

Complying completely, I stayed motionless on the ground, watching all my 
clothes drift across the highway as he threw them about.  

He ordered me up to unlock the trunk.  (I guess he thought he found the 
mother-load)  I did so, revealing more clothes and an empty (helium) ;) 
tank.  "Ohhh, he said, "nitrous, huh?  I remember soing this stuff in 
school"  

"Well, its just an empty tank" I explained as he tore it out of the trunk 
and brought it to his car.  "Let me check to see if its stolen"

It wasn't.  I purchased it fair and square.
He gave it back and warned me not to fill it in Vermont, its illegal.

When he found the Ganja, he put it in his car.  I thought for sure I 
would be taken with him to the station.  Instead, the mutherfucker said, 
"I did all that shit in college, too.  I'm not going to arrest you, 
there's not enough here to make a difference."  And he left with all my 
weed and gave me a 100 dollar speeding ticket.  

I know I shouldn't complain, I was "lucky" in some people's eyes.  Now, 
granted, I got off pretty easy (although VERY shaken up), but the FUCKING 
COP STOLE MY WEED!!!!!!!!!   He even admitted to smoking reefer in the 
past as well as doing Nitrous.  He knew damn well when he pulled me over 
why he was pulling me over and it had nothing to do with a tail-light or 
speeding  (neither was applicable...I was going below the speed limit and 
my lights in back worked fine.)   I lost half of my belongings to the 
other side of the highway, and the other half was ruined and all messed 
up.    This ass hole got a brand new protopipe, lots-a-weed and was 
probably living the **HIGH** life for the next few weeks.  I, in the 
meantime was stuck with a fat speeding ticket for not even speeding.  He 
told me that if I protested the ticket in court, he would produce the 
evidence, which I knew was his own personal stash, since he didn't report 
any of it.  If you're out there, Pig, I have one final word for you:

                    FUCK YOU!

   p.s.  There's plenty of kind bud in Burlington, VT.  Check it out 
sometime.

