Newsgroups: rec.drugs.psychedelic

I had my first trip in a little over three years on New Year's eve.  I
used to trip a lot, in high school and my first few years of college. 
There were two main reasons why I hadn't tripped for so long: 1) about
three years ago I had some bad life experiences that left me severely
depressed, fucked up and isolated and for a while I was just trying to get
my head back together to the point of dealing with daily life. I didn't
really do any drugs for about 6 months, I was up and down all the time
without them.   2) after my mental scene was better, my social scene was
much different then it had been before.  I was no longer friends with my
old druggie crowd.  I started smoking grass again, occasionally, and
thought that I would maybe do psychedelics again if the opportunity ever
came again.  But I didn't ever see it around.

So I was at this cool party on New Year's eve, and this weird dude with a
nosering and a hockey shirt showed up and started handing out shrooms to
everybody.  I don't think I took much, just pinched some out of his bag
and chowed 'em.  Maybe a gram, it seemed.  I had been drinking and smoking
for a few hours already, and didn't expect to get off all so much.  

A while later I noticed that the whole organization of the party had
changed, from everybody partying in one big room to lots of little groups
spread around the place.  I realized that I was starting to tweak a little
and attributed other's actions to the shrooms as well.  I became much more
concious of my voice, everything I said echoing back so many possible
meanings.  I felt some twinges of panic and had to get away for a bit.  I
went down to the basement and tried to collect my thoughts.  I didn't want
to fall into any "mind traps" and it didn't take me too long to cool out
and go back up to the party.  It made me remember how, many times while
tripping, I have to cross a fuzzy, awkward stage before the trip fully
takes overand I feel the enlightening effects.

The rest of the night was a blast, mostly spent listening to music in
different people's bedrooms.  Crazy shit...Ravi Shankar, Coltrane,
Stravinsky.  Had many deep thoughts and felt very good about myself. 
Laughed a lot and made some good bonds with people, I think.  In the end,
remembered how much fun it was to trip.  Gotta do it again soon!!
