I was busted once for smoking dope...  here is the story..

me and a friend of mine were in the back of a Medical Shipping building, 
smoking some weed.  it was his like 3rd time toking up.  so, we are 
sitting there on the loading dock passin the erlenmyer flask bong I made 
in science class.  after about 10 minutes of tokin, I saw a cop coming 
around the cornere of the parking lot and yelled "PIG, RUN"  we took of 
runnin towards the front, around the other side of the building.  the cop 
flew around and drove up onto the grass, jumped out of his car and 
started chasing us.  I was about 50 feet ahead of my friend, and the cop 
was about 50 feet behind him. We were runnin straight for a forest, so we 
could hopefully ditch the pig.  Luckily, why we were running, my friend 
dropped the dope.  so, I get into the forest, and turn around to see my 
friend trip in a pothole, he gets up and takes off running again, but, 
the cop tackled him.  I stayed in the bushes and watched as my friend was 
getting cuffed..  I then realized that his mom knew he was with me, and I 
would have got busted either way, so I turned myself in. I walked out of 
the forest and said "Uhhh, officer, I give up ( I was stoned outta my 
mind)" when, he swung around and whipped out his gun.. pointing it at me, 
he yelled "get the fuck on the ground" so, after he cuffed us both, 3 
more units showed up and searched for the dope my friend dropped.  they 
found it, luckily we smoked most of it and there was only a dimebag left. 
 so, we got hauled to the station.. they asked us a bunch of questions, 
like where we got the weed from.. I didn't say anything, and my friend 
said he forgot who he bought it from.. so, after they gave up on us.. we 
called are parents and went home..  to this day, I am on probation for 
other shit, but still smoke dope, even tho I got a drug test a 1:00p, 
12-12-95, which is actually in about 9 1/2 hours, and my friend is still 
smokin dope to this day!!!!!  
-- 
                                        L8erz...
                                              -=- BuDz -=-
