From: Tainted Torture 


This last weekend, my friend Vik's parents went away, so me, him, and one other kid 
decided to drop some acid and bug out all night...we had 3 tabs of some decent acid, 
and one tab some some super-duper A++ shit that i scored the week before, so me and 
my friend Vik split the strong shit and the other kid, Kiran took one of the other 
tabs...What i didnt know was that this jock-type kid was coming over to sleep there 
for the night for some reason...After about an hour, Kiran was off in Dimension X, 
while me and Vik were just getting jittery, which we later dubbed "Half-tab 
Syndrome"...Then jock-boy came over with two quarts of beer for himself, acting like 
some kind of fucking ebast parading around with the bottles...By this time, we were 
starting to beam pretty hard, and the trippy thoughts were rampaging through my 
head...needless to say, the all too common spectacle of the dumb jock running around 
with his beer was pissing me off...Then i asked him if he wanted a tab...He said we 
wouldn't take it, but if we slipped one in his beer, he wouldn't 
complain...Jesus...how much more obvious can one make it that you want to try it but 
are too scared...After another half hour or so, me and Vik were well into the trip, 
giggling like little kids and checking out the aztecian patterns in the grass...When 
we went back into his room, we saw a buzzed jock-boy slobbering over a porno...This 
set us off, and for about 20 minutes we were making jokes and laughing at the 
intensity that the jock was staring at the magazine...Then, as i was walking into 
the kitchen, mr. jock tackled me and put me into a wrestling hold...Now this was to 
him all in fun, because we have been friends for many years...But it is not the best 
thing to do to a tripping person...he stayed on me for a few minutes, and then 
looked down and smiled a full-toothed grin at me...Yikes...his mouth looked about 6" 
big and full of fangs...So i promptly freaked out...He stayed there, watching my 
other two friends telling him to get the fuck off of me...and then, with his alcohol 
addled brain, he turns to me and asks what my friend just said...AS IF I COULD 
FUCKING HEAR HIM...It became clear to me how evil alcohol really is...Eventually, 
Kiran took his beer and started drinking it, causing him to get up off of me and 
hops on top of him...Eventually jock-boy leaves to try to fuck some girl, taking all 
of the respect i had for him with him on the way out...After he left, it had been 
about four hours and we were all coming off of our peaks, so me and kiran split a 
tab, and the fun began...after it hit, we slipped on the Download cd, and listened 
to a song or two on his parents stereo...I have never heard such beauty and depth in 
music in my entire life...it was a religious experience...Then we went for a walk 
around the block, because it was fairly chilly out, and all 3 of us enjoyed the 
chilly weather while tripping...we glanced over at some trees in the park across the 
canal from the neighborhood, and the trees slowly danced in the wind, transforming 
into various animals that played and barked in the sky...Going back into the house, 
we decided to go off on the music scene, me playing my trance cds on the big stereo, 
Vik playing some rock on his stereo, and Kiran putting some ambient stuff on Vik's 
sister's stereo...It was amazing, walking through the house and hearing various 
music with the rooms...After a few hours, jock-o came back, disappointed, because he 
didn't get any "nookie"...Aww...poor guy...So he promptly crashed on the couch and 
began snoring...around this time, me and vik decided to go into the park by his 
house and check out the trees on the nature trail...Trees are evil...I had the 
scariest experience of my life walking through the forest...The ferns seemed to be 
huge, evil insects reaching out to eat me...We rounded a corner that usually had two 
rocks through which you could see vik's house, but that night, something big had 
fallen there...and i mean BIG...i flicked my lighter to investigate the mess, and i 
saw i huge mass of plant matter, which turned into writhing, chattering insectile 
creatures, some of which appeared to jump at me and Vik...We ran the hell out of 
there and walked around a bit for an hour or so to calm down and talk about the 
experience...Walking back into the house, we checked his mailbox, and found two 
boxes of cds...It was perfect...They were all nice, chilled out cds...Perfect for 
coming down, so we finished up a cheech & chong movie we had been watching earlier 
that night...A really bad one, at that, but Timothy Leary was in it, so it was worth 
the $3.50...We took some benadryl, and slipped on Orbvs Terrarivm, one of the cds in 
the mail and drifted off into a peaceful sleep...All in all a good night..

-- 
R.I.P. - ... August 1995.
