  I got a hit of some pretty average acid off of one of my friends, and 
he had 2 hits for himself. He was going to come over to my house, this 
was a tuesday night, so we both had school the next day, at about 12:00 
am, tripping, and hang out and watch my computer (acidwarp) and shit. I 
dropped about 10:00 and I was tripping good by 11:30. I was in my 
basement, and the window in the basement is open, so I told him to come 
to the window, because my mom would be asleep and she would be really mad 
if anyone showed up after I was supposed to be in bed, and I told her I 
was going to bed about 10:30. Anyway, he showed up at about 12:30, and he 
had a mutual friend with him who had some weed, so I told him I would 
come outside, I was talking to him through the basement window at the 
time. I went upstairs, opened the outside door, and when outside. I saw 
both friends there, one of whom (the one on 2 hits) had a huge jug 'o' 
orange juice with him, and was tripping balls with a big dumb grin on his 
face. I was about to walk off of the porch to go talk with them, when I 
heard a sound from behind. It was my mom, opening the back door (one from 
which I exited), with a look on her face like "What the hell is going 
on?!?!" which I think she said later anyway. Here I was standing on the 
back porch with no shoes on, at 12:30 am on tuesday night, when I was 
supposed to be in bed, with 2 friends stoned and tripping right outside, 
one holding the aforementioned jug 'o' orange juice, and I was tripping. 
Damn. I told her that they were coming over to look up dirty pictures on 
the internet, and she seemed to believe it ok, but I think she knew 
something was up. She told me to tell my friends to leave, which I did in 
front of her so I made it sound like "Awww, shucks, mom says I have to go 
to bed now!" kind of thing, so she wouldn't be too suspective :) I got a 
big talking to, which sucked considering my state, and she told me that 
she would be watching to make sure no one else came in the basement 
window. I think she thinks I'm gay or something, and was sneaking them in 
to pleasure them or something, which sucks, but not as much as if she 
knew I was tripping, because we've had the drug discussion, and she said 
she would personally turn me in if she ever caught me with any "dope". 

    Over all, it sucked bad. She still makes sure the basement window is 
locked all the time, and makes faces at me when I say I'm going to bed 
early. But hell, I guess that's the way it goes. Peace all.
