I (peter) reuben & chris (mates from hong kong) had just scored 1oz
from a house on the other side of town and had driven back to my house
to get 'trollied' . On the way back an RUC car followed us back to the
house but carried on up the road after we pulled in the drive.
We got the ounce out and started toking with a water bong while talking
to each other about the cops following us and generally making ourselves
extemely fucking paranoid. After about 10 minutes toking we poured the
ounce of buds onto my bed and examined it (as you do) and then split it
into three piles. There was a knock at the door and I looked out of my
bedroom window to see a cop standing at the door. I immediatly grabbed
the blow and stuffed it under my chest of drawers were there is a little
ledge I had put in just for such an occasion. Then I told reuben and
chris the cops were at the front door and reuben freaked in his usual
style, runnning around flapping and panicking. Chris just said "shit
man" and continued to sit on the chair and look at a METALLICA cd. I ran
downstairs and opened the door and said hello, I could hear reuben
panicking upstairs and a lot of banging (he said later he was looking
for the ounce and was going to flush the whole lot but none of them seen
me hiding it). The cop said to me "hello is Mr Castle here" , I said to
him that no one called castle lived here (truth) and I had been living
here for 17 years so he said thanks and walked away to the squad car and
drove off. I couldn't believe it ! I collapsed on the floor after I
closed the door and couldn't move for about 10 minutes the feeling of
relief was overwhelming. They called back three times in the next couple
of months to see the evasive "Mr Castle". One good thing came out of
this, I looked on the whole incident as test of my panic factor and I
think I scored pretty well as did chris. I'm more carefull about leaving
blow lying around the house now. I only ever have on me as much as I
need for the circumstances. The rest stays hidden.

KEEP TOKIN , PETER
