
Busted in DALLAS TX for possession of perscription drugs purchased in 
Mexico registered box by box,bottel by bottel at the Mexican Pharmicy 
given a legal Mexican Perscription listing all medication purchased and
stamped with a formal Mexican Pharmacy legal seal.
  At the US CUSTOMS Office at the Laredo border I filled out a CUSTOM
FORM listing my 3 month supply box by box, bottle by bottle counted
for accuracy by the US CUSTOM OFFICAL signed by me in his presence and
stamped and registered by the customs offical and told that I could not
return and bring any more perscription drugs across the border for 3 mos.
  My Perscription was marked VOID and signed by the offical so I would'n
run across the border and refill it.No problem,I was content for the next
3 mos.
  Not going to get into reason for being stopped in my van,or the Dallas 
Police total disregard for permission to search my Van without a warrent,
upheld by DALLAS JUDGES perpetuating the abuse,I was offended but not 
that concerned because I had my perscription in my wallet covering any
medication in my Van. Now when I was arrested and jailed along with my
wife and the police officer refused to allow me to show him my 
perscription and after posting $600.00 bail and facing misdemeaner 
charges and no attorey in DALLAS I've spoken to so far has any idea what
LAWS we are dealing with,I'm beginning to feel a little ABUSED!
  The first attorney Nancy Huggins of DALLAS TX said that it's going to 
take a lot of moneny to defend this case (she would have to do some 
research not knowing the law involved) so she recommended that I plea
bargin and take probation.Needless to say I've changed attorneys and SHE
obviously has no PRINCIPLES along with the DALLAS JUDGES and the IRVING
POLICE(Irving is part of the DALLAS METROPLEX)and I can't condem all 
DALLAS police or POLICE in general-just IRVING PRICKHEADS.
  I'm new to the WEB,having a hell of a time finding information on the
LAWS involved in this case.HELP IS APPRECIATED IF ANYONE CAN LEAD ME TO
THE RIGHT PLACE.It is unbelievable that standing up for my PRINCIPLES is
going to cost thousands of dollars before anyone even looks at my LEGAL
PERSCRIPTION. 

acidwave@sat.net

