A mob of 50 runnin' from the cops


     It started out as a pretty cool night. When planning ahead i was lokking
foward to this night very much. It started with a school dance and then a
party at an unsupervised house (as always). After the party i was suppossed
to sleep over because the parents were gone for the weekend. 
     The party was pretty cool. Invited friends came over first. During the
dance though word got out about the party and to much of my surprise people
started showing up left and right. The house was already packed and more and
more were showing up. People had to be turned away and others volunteered to
leave (good choice). Right then is where the trouble started. The streets
were filled with cars and teenagers. 
     Back to the party. Inside it was all good, people drinkin', lot's of
bud, and it wasn't loud (one contridicting factor to the bust). Around 11:30
when everyone was messed up there was a false alarm, some jerk decided it
would be funny to flash a blue light in the house to get everyone in a haste.
No exageration, at least 50 people cleared the house in no time, it was
pretty funny considering half of the people could barley run. Some stayed and
some came back after they knew it was a false alarm. I ran with a group of
about 7 into the woods and across neighbors' yards. We waited for about 25
minutes and then a friend and I went back to check out the scene. In this
time the cops came for real and we saw some friends and a whole group of
people being busted. We quickly dashed out of there, incase of searching
cops, and ran back to the group. We ditched all the paraphanailia in the
bushes (bowls,bags,and alcohol). The group then decided to run to a friends
house (this was a lot of fun). There was a girl in our group who I never
talked to before until that night. The sober people had to help the messed up
people by picking them up and pushing them over fences. We met up with other
people who ran along the way to the friends house.
      It was entirely wrong to pull a prack like the one those kids did by
flashing the blue light. Within the past days my friends and i have conceived
two thesises to why the cops were called on us. One is when the prack was
pulled the neighbors saw a herd of teenagers runnin' across their lawn. The
second is that when we left the dance there was a lot of discussion going on
about the party. At the dance there were supervisors who knew the person who
was having the party. They might of thought they had to be supperparents and
as their duty they must inform the police of these satanistic childrens wrong
doings. All in all it sucked because people were caught and some are in deep
trouble now because they wanted to have a simple night of fun but it was
ruined by some rat.

                                             -Anonymous