I had a real shitty run in with the boys in blue...

I was parked at what I thought was a safe place rolling a couple joints 
with some friends.  We stepped out of the car to spark on up when a cop 
pulled out from behind a school bus that was parked and started driving 
towards us.  We were at a dead end so there was nothing I could do.  We 
got back in the car and I started it.  The cop pulled up right in front 
of me so there was nothing I could do.  He got out and came to my 
window.  One of my friends threw one of the joints out the windows and 
the other one under the back seat.  Only one problem there, K cars have 
a wall there...  The joint ended up right on the floor.  The cop asked 
me a bunch of questions about why we were there and then told me to get 
out of the car.  He made me open up my trunk.  I asked why and he told 
me that he was looking for a pelet gun.  Someone had been shooting out 
windows with one.  There was no gun of course so he told me to sit in 
the cruiser and wait.  He got all of our names and came into his car.  I 
was shitting bricks...  He ran our names through the computer and found 
out that the guy who threw the joints was on probation.  He went back to 
the car to talk to him.  He got to the window and asked a few questions. 
Now remember, the joint was sitting right there on the floor.  I thought 
we were busted for sure...  HE DIDN'T SEE IT!!  Or he decided to ignore 
it.  Either way, we got away with that.  He told us to take off and we 
were more than happy to do so.  We came back about a half hour later to 
see if we could grab that joint that got tossed out the window.  It 
turns out it made it about a foot from the car!!!  We grabbed it and saw 
that there was a foot print on it.  THE COP HAD STEPPED ON OUR JOINT AND 
NOT NOTICED!!!  We were so damn lucky...  A little paper was all it took 
and that joint was fixed and ready to smoke.  Since then, I haven't gone 
back to try my luck there.  So remember, any time you get pulled over, 
make sure the joints are in plain sight and you'll be OK...  :)
