In my second year at University, I was lucky enough to share a flat 
with two of the greatest guys in the world (lets call them S and M). 
We had all had our fair share of tripped-out experiences and were not 
exactly newcomers to the psychedelic world. 
One day in early November '94, circumstances caused me to have 5 
strong tabs in my pocket (they were 'planets', i think). Anyway M and 
I decided to have 3/4 each, you know, just to see. At the time we 
were up in the arcade at our Student Union, playing Vitua-Racing and 
Mortal-Kombat. After about 1/2 an hour we could feel ourselves coming 
up, and started laughing at all the flashing lights. At that point S 
arrived, and he took 1/2 of a tab, intending to take more later. M 
and I were wandering about the arcade laughing in hysterics at 
everything.
Eventually we came to leave, and on the way home, it really started 
to hit M and I hard. We stopped outside a shop for munchies and S had 
to go in for me because I could hardly speak. M was dancing about on 
the pavement outside in full view of everybody, which caused me to 
collapse in stitches outside the shop.
On the way back to the flat M and I wanted to go to the kid's 
playground just down from our flat, so we ran about like a couple of 
7 year olds. At this point S took us aside and claimed that he wasn't 
getting anything, so he took another 1 tab and M and I took another 
3/4. This was about 1 hour after we took the first so we weren't even 
peaking off that yet.All three of us had now had one and a half tabs.
We made it back to the flat, and headed into S's room, and what 
followed I have never experienced before or since.
We put on some music and I started to notice that I had no depth 
perception at all. The whole world looked as if it was projected on 
to the inside of a huge sphere that I was at the center of. 
Everything looked exactly the same distance away.With no reference as to 
where the walls ended, the posters (conveniently, colourful fractals) 
started waving and throbbing and finally dribbling down the walls all 
over the sofa that M was lying on.
At this point I was wondering if the others were as far gone as I 
was, and (almost telepathically on cue) M stood up and announced to 
both of us that he was 'quite violently tripping out of his nut'. At 
this point I just remember a huge euphoric rush as the whole world 
around me started swirling CONTROLLABLY. It is strange the way your 
concept of the 'whole world' changes. It wasnt just visual swirling, 
but concepts, perceptions, context and meaning were suddenly 
displaced into this vortex that I had complete control over. 
Sensing a lack of communication, S, by now also out of his tits, 
started his usual brand of light conversation. In about 5 minutes the 
conversation had turned into intense philosophical discussion. With 3 
intelligent people in the room discussing the future of everything, 
ideas were bouncing back and forth at a furious pace. Suddenly, 
nothing outside the room, or even inside the room, bar the 3 of 
us,mattered. I remember this incredible sense of purpose, destiny and 
above all unity, not only with S and M, but with the whole universe.

At this point, M's girlfriend arrived and then the trip degenerated 
into farce, as we were unable to perform simple tasks without 
assistance ( I remember her feeding M because he couldnt remember how 
to use a fork!)
We went out that night, still out of it, and I remember dancing to 
the Stone Roses and feeling better than I had in my whole life.

Just one more thing...

There is nothing to fear except fear itself.
