newsgroups: alt.drugs.psychedelics

The Peak...

  I had reached a peak, a plateau of sparkling clarity and conciousness. 
The world was sound, a vibrating molecular dance from the infinitesimally
small to the infinitesimally vast, deeper than anything I'd ever imagined.
 I looked out the window and saw machine clouds churning through an
endless sky. I saw light and colour and vacillating patterns possessed of
an indescribable essence.  I realized that the room and world around me
were alive and that all things spring from the Divine Ground.  This must
have been what the ancients felt when they spoke of the Great Spirit and
in my minds eye, I could almost see an old shaman standing by his fire,
arms outstretched to the heavens, with spirits dancing all around him, in
the shadows...  
  There is ancient wisdom and knowledge here, something that prescinds the
truths we've come to accept in this civilization we've built around us. 
Something that transcends dogma, religion, culture, all the established
ways and mores of society.  And for a time I'm ecstatic about being apart
of and witness to this deeper truth.  I found myself wishing everyone
could glimpse this ...path, this window.  Surely no one could go through
this experience and not come out of it a little more fulfilled or
centered, a little more whole...
  There is also a certain amount of fear here.  This I found on
introspection, to be inevitable considering the complexities and fear that
pervades the world around us.  But it didn't last, ecstatic communion and
hope won out as I realized that I held the key to keep, or let go of, the
fears that I possessed.  Like I said before, it's only a matter of
perception... 
  There are mysteries here, mysteries that will never be unraveled, not by
me, not by anyone.  For me it's enough to just BE, to accept, to go
forward into light and love.  To quote a friend: I was smiling in the
peace that surpasses understanding.
