    One day,  im working hard cleaning a popcorn warmer at the movie 
theatre i work in,  when low and behold,  i get dragged into a little 
room by the manager and told to 'sit tight' for a while.  Well,  a 
half hour passed and im wondering why in the hell i was being singled 
out like this.  When i finally asked someone,  i was greeted by a cop 
who accused me of snorting heroin at work (which was, luckily, not 
true).  I start bitching about how i didnt do it and the cop says 
'YOUR HIGH AS A KITE!' and proceeds to search me,  finding a vile 
with heroin residue and a rod for snorting it on me.  This pissed him 
off big time,  so i guess he thought he had a right to search my 
wallet too.  He found fake IDs of mine and my friends on me.  I knew 
i was in deep shit,  so i started to cooperate,  but of course he 
thought i was still bullshitting so he searched my car (which im told 
was unconstitutional).  He found a bottle of crown royal whiskey and 
cigerettes - and since im 17 these are both illegal.  So now im 
getting charged with Possession of Narcotics/Possession of Drug 
Paraphenilea/and Possession of Forged documents.  The night before 
was my first time using heroin and i made a big mistake keeping the 
vile in my pocket,  but i still wonder if he had the right to search 
me based only on the rumor that i was high.  Now i get drug tests 
every month and who knows how this is going to screw up my life in 
the future (im a 3.7 student).  Talk about a tough break.