I'm here today to tell my tale to the world. This was exactly a week 
ago today (Nov. 17). Don't let this dicourage you from trying frying, 
though. It's still the best thing in the world...

FRYDAY...

	My little tripper girl (TG) called me at about midnight told me to 
come take a litte trip at a park by her house. I, being only 14, have 
no way to get to this park. I know this is only a minor setback and I 
tell her that I would be there in about an hour. I really didn't care 
about punishment that night. I still don't. After smoking all the bud 
I had, I hop on my bike and make it there by 1:15 (12 miles isn't 
really that far when you have something to look forward to. I lean my 
bike against a nearby house (stupid move) and walk through a swamp 
(really stupid move). I really have no idea where I'm going. I can 
hear people talking and laughing; I head that direction. There were 
about 20 people there, all fryed (yes, I mean fryed, not fried) out 
of their minds. I only knew a few of them, but I found TG and got 
some doses (I thought I got 3, but I'll explain that later). I 
started noticing tracers within 15 minutes, and I figured I was in 
for a good time. I sat and listened to KMFDM on my walkman and 
started feeling my stomach churn. Everyone wanted cigarrettes, but no 
one had any. I figured now would not be the time to have a smoke. 
After about a half  hour  I was seeing hardcore tracers. I had to 
have a smoke. It took me about ten minutes to stop staring at the 
flame on my lighter. Lighters are so fun to just play with. The group 
split in two directions so there were only about 8 of us now. We 
started walking down the path, going deeper into the park. I had no 
idea where the hell I was, but it was cool. I heard someone metion 
the "circle of trees." Me and TG lagged behind the others, trippin 
with each other. Walking finally got to be too much to handle, so I 
layed down on the path and stared at the midnight purple sky. The 
clouds were covering the entire sky and the light of the moon was 
just barely peeking around the billowed cloud edges. I couldn't see 
them splitting apart, but something just as good. I would stare at a 
section of the clouds, and a hole would open up in the middle of them.
 I would stare at another part, and another hole would emerge. Then 
the clouds would return to cover up the blank spots. I just sat with 
TG on my lap, staring at the sky. I probably would have spent the 
whole time there, but TG noticed that she had blood all over her hand.
 I'm not sure if it was really there or not cause by now I was really 
trippin. We stood there for a while, staring at the blood running 
down her hand. It was really cool to watch. We caught up with the 
group and she kept saying "I'm bleeding, like, bleeding. But my hand 
is bleeding too. That's really wierd." Indeed. We walked for what 
seemed like an hour (probably only 5 minutes, but I don't know) and 
kept trying to find this damn "circle of trees." I guess we got there 
and everyone was sitting just staring at stuff. I had to sit again. 
The trees were driving me insane. The branches and leaves were making 
a dome over us, and I could see bits of the sky through the millons 
of leaves. We sat there for a while and someone came with another 
smoke. Wow, what a god. We must have sat there for a couple hours. 
Then everyone started to leave...

	I had no idea where I was, and no idea how to get home. I didn't 
know where they were going. I figured (in my fucked up state) that 
they didn't want to be around me. I am always thinking that people 
are thinking that. I told them to just leave me there, and that I was 
going to go to sleep (yeah, right). They just left me in the middle 
of this park. I guess it's my own fault. But now here's where the 
trouble starts...

	I guess I just sat there for a while. When I got up, I didn't 
remember being there. I didn't remember being with anyone. All I knew 
is that I was wet and cold and lost. I just started walking. I 
remember coming to a house, but I didn't realize it was a house. I 
know now, after being there sober, that I was on someone's back porch.
 I kept trying to climb into people's porch lights. I think I wanted 
to be warm. I got to a neighborhood and started running around. I was 
trying to get warm and I was running from door to door, trying to get 
inside. This was about 3:30 in the morning. I knocked on one guy's 
door (my friends told me this the next day, I don't remember any of 
it happening) and he came to the door, groggy and tired. He asked me 
what I wanted, and I told him I wanted to lay down. He then asked who 
I was and where I was supposed to be. I didn't know. I walked away 
and jumped on top of his truck. I remember this part. He started 
chasing after me and I ran as fast as I could. I got to another group 
of houses and stared freaking out I was really cold and wanted to get 
away from it. I decided that my clothes were to blame, so I took them 
off. Everything. I stripped myself naked and was running around 
screaming that I was nothing. I wasn't being seen or heard. No one 
cared. I felt like I was the only one left on the earth. This was 
real bad, cause with no one left, I could do what I wanted. I just 
kept running from house to house trying to climb into the porch 
lights, tearing a couple of them off in the process. I finally came 
to a house that was unlocked. NOT GOOD! I walked in and layed down on 
the couch. I didn't know I was naked yet. The people came in the room 
and called the police. I didn't know what was going on. I didn't care.
 I was getting warm and that's all that mattered. They told me to 
just lie there and cover up, I still didn't know I was naked, so I 
got up and started pressing 666...666...666 etc. on their alarm 
console. They told me to lie down again, so I did. That's all I 
remember until the ambulance came and took me to the hospital. I 
thought they were taking me to hell, and I don't even believe in that 
bullshit. I ended up in the hospital telling them that I needed 
insulin. I have no idea why I said that. I could have died from that. 
They gave me sedatives and a big blanket and my dad came with clothes.
 I THEN realized I was naked, and I still didn't really care. I had 
to go back to the neighborhood that day and find my clothes. I still 
don't have my bike back. I was told later that I had taken 6 doses 
instead of 3. I had never taken 6 before, and I think that's what 
fucked me up. I now have to pay a $400 ambulance bill and $100 to fix 
one guy's porch light. I have now, on my record, being under the 
influence of one of the world's most potent substances. I am truly 
proud.

	The moral to the stroy is. Never take a trip in a place you've never 
been. Never take a trip alone, Never take more than you can handle. I 
didn't tell this story to scare people away from LSD. I would never 
say that LSD is bad. I already am thinking about when I will fry 
again. LSD is good. LSD is very good. Just don't go too insane, or 
you could wind up on a strangers couch, naked at 5 in the morning. My 
tale is complete. I just had the urge too let people know what 
happened. It feels good to get it out. 
HAPPY TRIPPING

---Anonymous
