=============================================================================
|| T.Y.M.E. - Twisted Young minds Expand || #36 by Krowe  ||   11/26/94    ||
=============================================================================

This is the beginning of what I'm going to make an ongoing project.
It is the story of a vampire, he is writing a book about his life in the
hopes that someone will read and understand, and be warned.  He hopes that
someone will learn the lesson that he has lived.  I plan on ulpoading all
chapters, until completion, to TYME.

				CHRONICLES
				----------
				
(inspired by Anne Rice's 'Interview with the Vampire, the vampire chronicles)

				 Prologue
				 --------

It all started, well, a few centuries ago.  This may sound like the rantings
of a madman, but, what I say is true.  It was 1764.  I write this manuscript
in hopes that someone, will read and learn about my life.  I have not told
anyone about my life, perhaps it is best that you be the first.  It wasn't
easy, nor was it by choice, it just,...... happened.

As I said before, it was 1764, Parliament in Britain was attempting to collect
a series of different taxes to ease the debt of the French and Indian war.  I
wandered the streets, homeless, a thief, and I knew no friends.  The sky had
opened up and wept on the city that night.  I was cold and extremely hungry.
The most food I could find was the rats that scurried by, trying desperately
to find a shelter from the torrents of rain.  Ever eat rats?  I don't
reccomend it.  Aside from them trying to bite you while you rip its flesh
from its body with your teeth, and the scratching that caused my face to
reveal blood,...... maybe that was what had attracted her to me that night,
but we are not to that part of the story yet.

I was searching for a place to hide myself from the rain, I happened upon the
cemetery, I passed through it, perhaps for an old tomb to sleep in that night.
But, I found none, besides, the cemetery seemed much more cold and alone than
the world outside of it.  As I was walking, I kept feeling the passing of eyes
over me.  Like I was being looked upon from far away, but yet so very near.
The statues of saints and angels seemed to be staring at me, weeping for what
was to occur, praying for my blackened soul.  I turned around and started to
walk towards the way I came, the cemetery gate seeming much farther than it
was when I entered through it.  Walking further, I heard sounds unlike I had
ever heard before, they raced my heart, instilling fear, and making me very
frightened for my life.  The feelings grew with every step towards the gate.
I couldn't help the thought of some ghoul or corpse springing from its grave
and snatching my body, carrying me off with them to feed upon my flesh.  My
heart started beating so swiftly I was afraid the blood would burst from my
body.  And then, something did make me want to run, but back towards the
cemetery.

At the gates of the rotting cemetery, I saw a figure clad in all black,
motionless all except for the wind whipping through its clothes.  The
clothing looked of a very wealthy nature, and surprisingly seemed dry and
immune to the rain, compared to my drenched rags.  I looked closer and found
that the figure, was a woman.  One of the most beautiful women I had ever
seen, more beautiful than any whore I might pay for at any drinking halls,
more beautiful than any goddess, more beautiful than the moonlight, and the
sunrise.  I was so taken by the beauty of this woman that I hadn't noticed
that she had moved from where she was to my side, until I felt her voice upon
my ears.

"Hello", she whispered into my ear.

I attempted to scream but it was choked back by overwhelming fear.

"Don't be frightened of me," she said, "I've come to fulfil all your wishes
and dreams."

Her voice was like the laughing of new born infants.  She smelled of the
finest perfume.  And her eyes reminded me of the bluest crystal.

She laid me down upon a grave, the wet ground sent a chill up my back, but
somehow it did'nt matter to me.

"Have you ever made love to a woman?", she asked.

"Yes", was my half choked reply.

"No," she replied sharply, but still retaining the sweet tone of a million
angels, "Have you ever made love to a real woman, not one of those bundles
of flesh and sweat you pay for at whorehouses.  I'm speaking of a real woman,
who entices you, one who beckons to your heart, who pulls at your soul with
fear and instills submission.  But still you are attracted to her like a child
to its mother."

"I suppose not.", I said to her, still attempting to break free of the spell
she cast upon me with her eyes.  But still I wanted to be with her.  To taste
her voice, to feel her skin.

"Well then.", she whispered to me.  She smiled sweetly and then we proceeded
to kiss.

The kiss was like no other I have ever tasted.  Awash in euphoria, succumbed
by ecstasy.  More pleasurable than the new fallen snow, more sastisfying than
any amount of sexual pleasure.

Then the taste turned sour, the thrill gone and shattered, replaced only by
pain, cold, bitter, and unforgivable pain.  I then realized that she was
biting into my flesh.  I tasted my own blood trickling down my throat, mixing
with the agony and suffering I was enduring.  Frantically I tried to shove her
away, but she did not move.

No, I was not going to let this happen, the thought raced through my minder
quicker than the breeze that chilled my skin.  Somehow I found the strength
to react, and crushed my teeth into her tongue.  I tasted her blood flowing
from her mouth into mine, mixing with my soul, damning me to eternity.  She
broke away with a shriek, the voice of the angel was now gone, instead replace
by the howling of demons.  She shrieked at the fact that I had raped her as
she tried to do to me.  As quickly as Iooked up, she was gone.  The lonely
sound of the night crept in around me.  Everything was silent, except for the
sound of the rain, and the accelerated beating of my own heart.  I lay on the
grave, sill tasting her death, and her regretless soul.  If she possessed one.
Like a disease, I felt colder, my heart started to slow and the pain started
to increase.  I screamed out into the night, the pain so intense I prayed for
death.

Maybe I should have let her kill me, for I knew not the magnitude of suffering
the centuries would carry.  I now wish I would have submitted, for now, all is
lost, and the memories return.


This is the end of the prologue, please write me and tell me what you think.


=============================================================================
|| Look for T.Y.M.E. on any of the follwing boards: (and get them all! =]  ||
=============================================================================
|| Under The Influence...........(ALM)OST-HERE.............World HQ....... || 
|| Narkotik Illusions............(303)PRI-VATE.............Midwestern HQ.. ||
|| Exodus BBS....................(707)935-6867.............Distro Site.... ||
|| Total Anarchy BBS.............(707)257-7208.............Distro Site.... ||
=============================================================================
|| Leave comments, death threats, ideas, bitchings to vYrus@community.net  ||
=============================================================================
||               'Life is an Illusion, Death is Reality'                   ||
=============================================================================
