==============================================================================
||  T.Y.M.E. - Twisted Young Minds Expand  ||  # 15, by SaKiMa  || 08/04/94 ||  
============================================================================== 


                W A R

        War...  Death,  Destruction,  Hate,  Blood,  Bombs,  Guns,  
Explosives,  Missles...  These are it's instruments,  as well as it's price.  
Some people reading this now will probably be saying "YES!  IT ROCKS!".  Well,
does it?  Is it really all that cool to have a land that is now simply a red
lake,  unswimmable.  People say that war is glorious,  that it is the ultimate.
The ultimate what?  The ultimate thrill?  Well,  as they said on Point Break,
the ultimate thrill has the ultimate price.  Are you willing to give that 
price for simple glory?  You say "Let's go to war",  well,  I wanna see you 
say that when your old enuf to be drafted and yout namez next on Uncle Sam's 
list.  
        The law of War is the same as the law of the Jungle,  "Kill or be 
Killed".  Are you willing to do that?  Are you willing to go out there,  on  
the red,  bloody battlefield to fight for what our congress says is right?
Even if you don't believe it's right,  are you willing to follow that law?
Some of you,  like S0l0mn,  are saying yes,  though S0l0mn i think says it 
because he thinks it's right to be protecting other people.  S0l0mn and I   
got into a big debate about war.  Originally this was supposed to be about
polotix,  but i decided to write about this.  
        Their are ways to fight for what's "right" without the killing.  We
don't have to go out there and kill for land,  or to spite a country we   
believe to be wrong.  I just realized something,  what I wrote above might make 
it sound like I don't believe we should fight to defend other people.  I think
we should,  but not for the reasons of 'Nam or the Gulf.  'Nam was fought 
simply so that we could spite Russia.  There no glory in that war,  if there 
ever was glory in any war.  The Gulf was not fought to free the people in
Kuwait,  but simply so that the U.S. wouldn't have to go through the rough
cultural and economic changes of loseing two thirds of our oil supply.  
        Now tell me,  are either of those causes worth the deaths inflicted.
Some of you are saying "but there weren't many deaths in the Gulf",  WRONG!  
First off,  even one death causes enuf pain for me.  Death is a fact of life,
it happens to everyone,  but the loss of someone becuase he was ordered to do
it is much more painfull than a death of natural causes.  Second,  there 
weren't many deaths to us,  but there were many to Iraq.  Many people were
killed,  and they had no chance at all to defend themselves.
        Before I finish writing this paper on war (there will,  most likely,  
be others) I want to ask all the people to do something.  Sit down.  Relax 
and breathe deeply,  try to center yourself and clear your mind.  Now,  
picture a battlefield.  On the battlefield are pools of read and bodies 
scattered about,  heads blown off,  bodies blown apart.  Above you plains
fly over you,  sending bullets,  bombs,  and missle down on the solders below,
some of which proabaly don't even believe in the cause their fighting for.
Try and actually hear the screams of the dying in pain.  Try and hear the 
mind-numbing explosions about you.  Hear the screams as bullets pierce the 
houses of people who have nothing whatsoever to do with this war.  Now,  try
and feel the emotional pain and loss that flows,  almost as if alive, through 
the air.  Feel it.  Now feel the dust flying against your face,  comeing out 
of craters blown in the land.  Now,  feel the loss as people you considered
friends get blown apart,  by someone who probably never even saw his face,  
never even looked into the eyes of this person killed.  Now,  try and love 
what you're feeling,  try and actually feel that it's full of glory.  Try and  
love what's going on around you,  not the goal you propose to be fighting for.
Can you actually love this?  If you can,  then you can,  if you can't,  then
you can't.  No correct answer here people.  I don't judge the poeple that feel
differently.  I,  personally,  can never love this.  I will never try, because  
I know that I'll never be able to.  
        One last thing.  If we are invaded,  I'm not saying do all the 
peacefull protest stuff,  do you actually think a lot of Nazi solders are gonna
care if you chain yourself to a tree?  No,  they'll blow you the fuck up. When
the war is in your homeland,  fight for it.  If you live in the war zone,  the
only rule is Kill or be Killed.  But don't make a war zone.  Don't send the 
people out there to fight a war that is based around spite,  or material 
possesion.  
        That's all I can think of that I have to say.  So,  I'll talk to all
you poeple L8r.  Oops,  one last thing,  if you do do the mental war above,
e-mail me on Total Anarchy,  Exodus,  or uTi (if we ever get the damn phone 
line) and tell me what came of it.  Cya

                                    
                                    Blessed Be
                                        
                                           Sakima


        
        ===========================================================
        ||  Look for T.Y.M.E. on any of these following boards:  ||
        ===========================================================
        ||  Under The Influence....Origin Site....(GOF)IND-OUT!  ||
        ||  Total Anarchy..........Distro Site....(707)257-7208  ||
        ||  The Gathering BBS......Distro Site....(ITS)PRI-VATE  ||
        ||  ReaLiTY ByTeS..........Distro Site....(707)226-XXXX  ||
        ||  Exodus BBS.............Distro Site....(707)935-6867  ||
        ||  Last Resort............Distro Site....(707)255-1413  ||
        ||  Zepplin................Distro Site....(707)FUC-KOFF  ||
        ===========================================================
        ||       'Life is an Illusion,  Death is Reality'        ||
        ===========================================================
