
ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍ»        ÕÍÍÍ»  ÕÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍ» ÕÍÍÍÍÍ»
³ ÖÄÄ¿ º À¿ ÖÄ¿ º À¿ ÖÄ¿ º ³ ÖÄÄÄ½ ³ ÖÄÄ¿ º        ³   È» ³ º ³ ÖÄÄÄ½ ÀÄ¿ ÖÄ½
³ ÈÍÍ¾ º  ³ ÈÍ¾ º  ³ ÈÍ¾ º ³ ÈÍÍÍ» ³ ÈÍÍ¾ º ÕÍÍÍÍ» ³ Ç¿ È»³ º ³ ÈÍ»     ³ º
³ ÖÄÄ¿ º  ³ ÖÄ¿ º  ³ ÖÄ¿ º ÀÄÄÄ¿ º ³ ÖÄÄ¿ º ÀÄÄÄÄ½ ³ ºÀ¿ Èµ º ³ ÖÄ½     ³ º
³ º  ³ º Õ¾ ÈÍ¾ º Õ¾ ÈÍ¾ º ÕÍÍÍ¾ º ³ º  ³ º        ³ º À¿   º ³ ÈÍÍÍ»   ³ º
ÀÄ½  ÀÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄ½ ÀÄ½  ÀÄ½        ÀÄ½  ÀÄÄÄ½ ÀÄÄÄÄÄ½   ÀÄ½
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º      COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK OF THE AMERICAN BBS ASSOCIATION (ABBSA)       º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

Updated: DECEMBER 15, 1993

ABBSA-Net is a newly established network employed by the American BBS 
Association for communication among members and distribution of the ABBSA
National Support Echo. In the past, this had been primarily accomplished via 
the use of QWK mail packets. While QWK packet communication is still available
for messaging & echoing of the ABBSA National Support Conference, the process
is somewhat slow; requiring a log-on and use of of a mail door, which often 
resulted in a lot of time and sizable long distance telephone charges.

Based upon the front-end mailer system (Front Door, D'Bridge, etc.), and on
Fido technology, the net allows the messaging & echoing functions quickly and 
efficiently, and at mimimal LD cost.

The topography of the system is based upon Regional distrubtion, and filters 
down to state and local levels.

The Primary Regions and the States/Provinces/Areas of Coverage are: 

                    
      NORTHEAST UNITED STATES REGION:   Minnesota, Iowa, Wisconsin, ILLINOIS, 
      [Region Coordinator in Ohio.      Indiana, MICHIGAN, OHIO, PENNSYLVANIA, 
       State Hubs operative in IL,      New Jersey, NEW YORK, Conneticut, 
       MI, NY, and OH. Hubs are needed  Rhose Island, Massachusetts, Vermont, 
       for all others.]                 New Hampshire and Maine.


      NORTHWEST UNITED STATES REGION:   Washington, Oregon, Idaho, Montana, 
      [NO Region Coordinator OR State   Wyoming, North Dakota, South Dakota,
       Hubs. All positions open.]       and Nebraska.
                         

      SOUTHEAST UNITED STATES REGION:   MISSOURI, Kentucky, Arkansas, Alabama,
      [Region Coordinator in North      Mississippi, Tennessee, Virginia, West
       Carolina. State Hub operative    Virginia, MARYLAND, Deleware, NORTH 
       in GA, MD, MO and NC. Hubs are   CAROLINA, South Carolina, GEORGIA,
       needed for all others.]          Florida, Washington, D.C. and Puerto
                                        Rico (polling from Florida). 
                         
      SOUTHWEST UNITED STATES REGION:   CALIFORNIA, Nevada, Utah, Arizona, New
      [Region Coordinator in            Mexico, Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas and
       California. State Hub operative  Hawaii (polling from California).
       in CA. Hubs needed for all 
       others.]     

      EASTERN CANADA REGION:            ONTERIO, Quebec. Manitoba.
      [Region Coordinator in Quebec.
       Provincial Hub operative in
       Quebec. Provincial Hubs needed 
       for Onterio & Manitoba.]
               
      WESTERN CANADA REGION:            Saskatchewan, Alberta, British
      [No Region Coordinator or         Columbia.
       Provincial Hubs. All positions 
       open.]
              
      CENTRAL AMERICA REGION:           Belize
      [-> Proposed Region <-
       Not yet activated.]

To really make this network fly we are seeking Member Boards to take on the
responsibilities of Regional Coordinator, or State/Provincial/Area Hubs for 
the areas which remain open. Applicants MUST be using a front-end mailer, and
also be willing and capable of providing QWK packets to those boards in their 
respective areas which do not have front-end capability.

We consider the ABBSA-Net a top prority in supporting the ABBSA National 
Support Echo, and as a major avenue for the essential flow of communications 
and information between ABBSA Members which, in turn, strengthens the
organization as a whole.

To make application to the ABBSA-Net, see the file ABBSANET.APP.

