     ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
     º                                                                  º
     º  ÛÛÛÛÛ»      ÛÛÛÛÛÛ»      ÛÛÛÛÛÛ»      ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ»      ÛÛÛÛÛ»      º
     º ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     ÛÛÉÍÍÍÍ¼     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     º
     º ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÉ¼     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÉ¼     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ»     ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº     º
     º ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛº     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛ»     ÈÍÍÍÍÛÛº     ÛÛÉÍÍÛÛº     º
     º ÛÛº  ÛÛº ÛÛ» ÛÛÛÛÛÛÉ¼ ÛÛ» ÛÛÛÛÛÛÉ¼ ÛÛ» ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛº ÛÛ» ÛÛº  ÛÛº ÛÛ» º
     º ÈÍ¼  ÈÍ¼ ÈÍ¼ ÈÍÍÍÍÍ¼  ÈÍ¼ ÈÍÍÍÍÍ¼  ÈÍ¼ ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼ ÈÍ¼ ÈÍ¼  ÈÍ¼ ÈÍ¼ º
     ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
     º ÚÂÄ¿ ¿ ÚÂÄÄ¿ Ú¿ ¿ ¿ ÚÂÄÄ¿ Ú¿    ÚÂÄÄ¿ ÚÄÂÂÄ¿ ÚÄÂÂÄ¿ ÚÂÄÄ¿ ÚÂÄÄ¿  º
     º Ã´ ³ ³ ÃÅÄ   Ã´ ³ ³ ÀÁÄÂ¿ Ã´    ÃÅÄ     Ã´     Ã´   ÃÅÄ   ÃÅÄÂÙ  º
     º ÀÙ ÀÄÙ ÀÁÄÄÙ ÀÁÄÁÄÙ ÀÄÄÁÙ ÀÁÄÄÙ ÀÁÄÄÙ   ÀÙ     ÀÙ   ÀÁÄÄÙ ÀÙ À   º
     ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
     º     AMERICAN BBS ASSOCIATION NATIONAL OFFICE ÷ DAYTON, OHIO      º
     º                        December 15, 1993                         º
     ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

ş HAPPY HOLIDAYS .....
  ====================
  
  Best wishes for a most joyous holiday season from the ABBSA National Office.

ş 1993 COMING TO A CLOSE .....
  ============================ 
  
  We are about to close a VERY successful year for ABBSA, and I want to 
express my thanks to a number of people who have worked very hard for the 
organization over the past year:

                James Myrick, Sherry Wilson & Peggy Osborne of WIN Systems and
        the Dayton Boardwalk BBS, who pitched in with getting things organized
        and up to date here when we took over as National Coordinator & moved
        the National Office to Dayton from Birmingham, AL.

                Rocky & Janet Rawlins, and Tom Egan, of the MATRIX in
        Birmingham who brought ABBSA along from the very beginning; and really
        did most of the HARD work bringing the organization to where it is  
        today (and continue doing so in collecting new applications to this 
        day). 
        
                Kyle Hufford of The Magick Cauldron BBS (SW Region, Ohio 
        Chapter), our ABBSA-Net National Nodelist Coordinator for his efforts 
        in organizing & maintaining ABBSA-Net.

                Bill Webb of the Spider's Lair (IL State Chairman) and Mike
        Nelson of the Type Too! Basement (SW OH Regional Chairman) for their
        recruiting efforts in bringing in new members like magnets!

                ... and to the other State & Regional Chairmen, for their 
        efforts. The backbone of ABBSA is the State Chapters & the Regions 
        within the chapters ... without which none of this works.

ş MEMBERSHIP .....
  ================

  This has been another strong month as ABBSA continues to grow. 2 new 
Chapters, and 31 new member boards have been added in the past 30 days. We now
have 390 Member Boards that make up 47 Chapters in the United States, Canada,
Puerto Rico, and Central America.

***** VIRUS ALERT ***** VIRUS ALERT ***** VIRUS ALERT **** VIRUS ALERT *****

ş SuperBBS SysOps: Be on the alert for a file named SBBSWARN.ZIP! As reported
in the National Support Echo, this file ... which reports to fix a bug in the
Super BBS system ... ACTUALLY CONTAINS A *TROJAN* that will do extensive
damage.

****************************************************************************

ş STATE & REGIONAL CHAIRMEN NEEDED .....
  There are a number of states without a State Chairman! If your state is one 
of these and you would like to take on the job, please contact us at the 
National Office. 

ş NATIONAL SUPPORT ECHO & ABBSA-Net .....
  For distribution of the National Support Echo Conference, and as a means of
communication among Member Boards, in October we created ABBSA-Net for echoing 
and messaging via front-end mailers in addition to the availability of the 
echo via QWK message packets. In this regard we are still looking for regional 
and state hubs. If you would be interested in taking on one of these, please 
contact us at the National Office. The network is growing since its inception 
in October, and with your help we hope to be able to complete the basic link-
ups by the end of December. For convenience, the latest copy of the nodelist 
is now included in the monthly ABBSA*.ZIP file. We also received a letter 
which asked why we were not pursuing RIME and RelayNet for the echo. Actually,
we have sent messages to the RIME Steering Committee but had not received
any responses to our messages until just yesterday (12/14). If there is a
Member Board who is a RelayNety site andwould be willing to pass the echo to 
Relaynet, please let us know at National. We are also looking for someone 
willing to pass the National Support Echo to Intelec. The conference is 
already established there, but has been pretty much inactive since we lost the 
connection that had been passing the echo. For more information about 
ABBSA-Net, see the file ABBSANET.TXT in the ABBSA012.ZIP archive.

ş LATEST ABBSA FILES AVAILABLE ..... 
  ==================================
  
  Just a reminder ... the latest updates of all ABBSA files available for
distribution are always available from us through our BBS, the Dayton 
BOARDWALK (513-228-1020). Member SysOps have full access on the first call  
so that they can download files as needed. All ABBSA files are also available
for file request (FREQ) by SysOps with front-end capability. We also have 
screens for State & Regional Chairmen. If you want the Chairman Screens, 
contact us at the National Office.

ş SPEAKING OF FILES .....
  =======================

  If you have any older ABBSA*.* files on your board, please purge the old 
ones as each monthly archive of the ABBSA files contains the -current- files.

ş NATIONAL MEMBERSHIP LIST .....
  Finally, again, the National Membership List included in the file 
ABBSA012.ZIP -SHOULD- be up-to-date and include all applications received as 
of 12/13/93. If you have mailed in an application and ARE NOT included in the
new National Membership List, please contact us so that we can make resolve
the matter. If you appear in the National Membership List, but have not
received a membership letter ... DON'T PANIC! We are behind in getting the 
letters sent out; However if it has been over 90 days and you still have not  
received your letter, please contact us at the National Office so we can check
on it.

ğ As always, we are ready and willing to assist you in any way, but remember ...
it is the State Chapters and their Regions that make up the ABBSA and we 
encourage all to take an active part in their respective Chapters to the
fullest extent possible.

                                            John Kay
                                            National Coordinator

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

* NATIONAL ABBSA CONTACTS:
==========================

ABBSA National Office
                     (Voice)         (513) 225-3087; (513) 545-1093
                     (Fido)          1:110/750
                     (Internet)      ac038@dayton.wright.edu
                     (ABBSA-Net)     117:117/0
                     (BBS)           (513) 228-1020  (Conference 27)

Mailing address:         American BBS Association National Office
                         % Westlake Information Systems
                         2603 N. Main Street
                         Dayton, OH 45405     


==============================================================================

The ABBSA National Support Conference is accessible for messages or echoing
(via QWK or front-end mailer) from the Dayton BOARDWALK BBS, Dayton, OH at:

               2400-14400     (513) 228-1020     Conference 36
                      
           (American BBS Association and ABBSA are Service Marks of)
           (          the American BBS Association (1992)          )

