        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #56
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "TV today"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By Nyarlathotep
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
        
        Society today just isn't what it used to be. Of course not,
silly, because today we have more THINGS then we have ever had before...
and among those THINGS is the one item that is more poisonous to society
then anything ever created by man. Worse then nerve toxins, and nuclear
weapons. Worse then your mother's cooking. What I'm talking about is the
Television.
        When the television first came out, it was a true novely,
something never experienced before, and a source of wonder. The
primitive machines (well, relatively speaking) would occupy a prominent
place in the home, perhaps near the fireplace, right next to the radio.
Heck, who needed a radio when you could SEE the drama. The family would
gather around and be amazed at the shows that went on... And of course,
would sit through commercials. But let me get back to that in a bit.
        The TV was taking hold, but it had not yet broken our spirit. It
wasn't until the first idiot decided to put their TV in the kitchens,
and change the family dinner from a time to talk together, to a time to
rot together. They even came out with special frozen foods just for this
purpose... The TV dinner. I love them.. but not with TV...
        Ok, time went on, and TV had taken more and more of a role in
lives, the complete lives in some peoples cases. For instance the
housewife who sits home all day and watches her soaps, and then watches
more at night. Or the Trekkie, who just can't get enough, just can't get
enough... Or the fools who sit around and watch the OJ Trials. But again,
I shall get to that presently...
        TV is not for shows, of course, but for commercials. Where they
try and get the little kids to get their parents to buy them some super
sugary cereal so they can be even more hyper when they play with their
GI Joe with Kung Fu Grip, which they'll ask for en masse, as well. Or
where they sell you some beer that is less filling. Or some nail polish.
Yippee. You get the picture. Maybe I wont buy anything that I see a
commercial on TV for.. which isnt a problem, because I dont watch much.
Ok, its time to advance my essay to near the summit...
        I used to watch a TON of TV. I loved it. I would watch
 anyting, and when I stopped watching it, it would go off the air. (See
 Behind the Scenes with Nyarlathotep, a Classic Obloidism file). But
 then one day I got smart. I stopped, for 'the most part. I just got
 bored with 99.99 percent of what was on. These days, about all I like
 is Northern Exposure, MST 3K, some other comedy central things if I
 must... and, of course PBS. Ah, the one last ditch attempt to turn our
 enemy into our ally. To use the poison as its own cure. Unfortunatly it
 does not work to well. But for its valient cause, I do salute it.
        And for the very little amount of TV I watch, I did watch part
 of what I call "The Low Speed Car Chase of the Millenia". While
 100000000000000000000000000000000000000 people sat enthralled in front
 of their tv sets for 2 hourse watching it, I got bored with the
 novelty of it in 5 minutes. I mean at first it waz zomething different.
 But then it was the same different, and boring. If it was anyone else,
 besides a media hyped celebrity, the cops would have probably pumped
 him through with lead. But instead they chased him at 35 miles an hour
 down an expressway. Hell, they could have pulled him over for drving
 too slow (45 minimum). But instead they created the biggest media
 circus ever, and that was only the beginning.
        For weeks afterwards that is all that you saw on TV.. OJ this OJ
 that, and People sat enthralled by that. They watched America's Legal
 System go to Wazoo (Innocent Until Proven Guilty by a Jury of Your
 Peers, remember), along with any rights he has to a fair trial.
        Well, all in all, I'd say, is, turn off the set, at least
 sometimes, and pick up a book. Or turn on the computer and call some
 message boards, and engage in thinking conversation. Or at least
 nonthinking conversation.. at least its somewhat reading, and also a
 lot more real. The TV is not an advance, but a Setback.

Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #56: "TV Today" <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 5038 bytes of your hard drive)

