Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue #19            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit               "Jest Fox : Part 2"       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                 By Black Justice         Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ

        Well I can't believe that you actually wanted to read more of this
Junk.  It might not be the best ending but who cares?  Oh well let me get on 
with the story....  Where was I?  Ah yes, now I remember.
                              
                              Jest Fox : Part 2
        
        As I was saying, I hit the bottem of this endless pit with a SPLaT!
Where was I?  I looked around me and saw...  I FROZE to death.  I was in HELL!
But as I looked more carefully I saw that I was not in the Hell full of Ghosts
and Demons but a Hell full of.. LaMPREYS!  Lampreys were everywhere!  But
these were no ordinary Lampreys, these were the Demonic Lampreys!  They would
gouge each others eyes out for fun.  EWWW!  Well as I used my brilliant brain
and started to search through my special hard cover handbook of BLaH #42 : The 
Guide to Lampreys.  But I froze in horror!  The Guide book did not review over
Demonic Lampreys!
        But ahh yes, I remember reading that one issue of [MiLK]. It must have 
been [MiLK] issue #6 "Pete" by Nyarlathotep.<-- One heck of a person!
(Nyarlathotep is the person who wrote BLaH #42!  Why don't you download BLaH 
#42 from Barney's Pleasure Palace at (708)965-3098?)  Well I remembered the 
moral of that story which was.. Hold on let me remember.  Oh yes the moral was 
: Notice this is in quotes!! --> "THIS IS WHAT NOT TO DO ON A LAMPREY HUNT: 
NEVER, NEVER, NEVER LEAVE YOURSELF UNDEFENDED"  Well I wasn't on a lamprey 
hunt but I guess it turned out that way.  I had my trusty weapon beside me 
which was My TeeTH!  And I was luckey I was small because then the Lampreys 
wouldn't be able to hear me, and also they couldn't see me because they had 
bad eyesight.  
        As I snuck around frantically looking for an exit,the vicious 2 headed 
venomous Lamprey saw me!  He caught me by my head, so I couldn't use my teeth 
to bite the fuck out of it.  I was completely help less.  It bashed me against 
the hard concrete floor which SPLaTtered my body, but I felt O.K. because I 
had just used LSD!  Thank god I am not drug free!  Well as I didn't feel any 
pain, all of the Lampreys came over to me and started to bite the crap out of 
me, spit acid on me, and worst of all the Sick Lamprey Vommitted on me!  I was 
torn from legment to legment.  I had died.. <SOB> <SOB> <SOB> <SOB>.. but then 
all of a sudden I saw a light.  It bursted open the darkness that covering me. 
        It was the Mighty bunny god!  It said "JEST FOX MY ENEMY.  I WILL GIVE 
YOU ONE MORE LIFE TO LIVE IF YOU PROMISE NOT TO EAT THE FURRY, FLUFFY BUNNY 
RABBITS BUT TREAT THEM WITH KINDNESS.  ESPICALLY THE WANK BUNNY."  What did I 
say?  I said HELL YEAH.. I mean sounds like a deal to me.  All of a sudden my 
body was transported to the upper world.  (Kinda like the transport thing a ma 
bobs that is on Star Trek.)
        Well here I am now still eating those jucy rabbits.  (If not well shut 
up and listen)  Well I guess you are wondering why the Bunny God has not beat 
the shit out of me yet.  Well let me tell you something, the Bunny God came
back to me after he had transfered me back to Earth.  And by golly I was 
starving and did not have enough energy to search for another rabbit, so I 
just bit the shit out of the Bunny God so he go bye bye.
        Well my next target is to eat the..umm.. EASTER BUNNY!  That bastard 
that runs around handing out those smashed eggs with spit inside.
        Well I hope I don't ever come in contact with the Wank Bunny because 
who the hell knows what that crazy bunny might do.  Well I gotta go and take 
my daily shit.  Until I over come my fear of Wank Bunny I won't be talking to 
you people any more.

        Oh yeah every story has to have a moral so here is mine:  Eat everything 
that you come in sight with!

øøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøø[MiLK] Informationøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøø
                                    
[MiLK] Sights - World HQ -   Barney's Pleasure Palace!       (708)965-3098
                Cool DiST-   The Lunatic Phringe             (708)232-0565
                             Entropy                         (708)205-0935
                             Mech World                      (708)757-0116

[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast
                                Mendeleev
                                Medicine Man
                                Black Justice

[MiLK] Issue Number -   19
[MiLK] Issue Size -     5442 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      3/15/94

øøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøWho took the Cookie from the Cookie Jar?øøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøøø

