        ∞∞∞±     ∞∞∞±              ∞±
     ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±           ∞∞±        ∞±      ∞∞±
   ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±         ∞∞±       ∞∞∞±    ∞∞∞±
  ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±    ∞±  ∞∞±       ∞∞∞±   ∞∞∞±
  ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±   ∞∞∞± ∞∞±       ∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞±
 ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±   ∞±  ∞∞±       ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±
 ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±       ∞∞±       ∞∞∞∞∞∞±          [MiLK]
 ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±       ∞∞±       ∞∞∞∞∞±            File #
∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±  ∞±  ∞±        ∞∞∞∞∞∞±
∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞± ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞∞±
 ∞∞∞∞∞∞±             ∞∞∞∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞∞∞∞∞± ∞∞∞±  ∞∞∞±   "Just Add Water"
   ∞∞±                 ∞∞±    ∞∞∞±           ∞∞∞±   ∞∞∞±     -By Epic
                              ∞∞∞±           ∞∞∞±    ∞∞∞±
                               ∞±             ∞±      ∞∞±
 
        So you think you have what it takes to start a colony of Sea Monkeys? 
Well, good for you! Sea Monkeys are a really neat thing to have. 

        * Just Add Water!
        * They Come To Life!
        * Absolutely Guaranteed To Grow!
        
        Yeah, pretty neat, huh? I know most of the stuff I write sounds like 
advertisements, but that's what this world is really about anyway. Just 
really long commericals. That why I love to watch 'Amazing Discoveries' so 
much.

        Anyway, yeah, buy some Sea Monkeys, and help them to grow. Sea 
Monkeys are wonderful creatures. All you have to do is empty them out of 
their little packets into a container of water, and feed them with offical 
Sea Monkey Growth Food. Within weeks, your Sea Monkeys will blossom into 
terribly interesting pets. They basically just swim around a lot. BUT, if you 
hold a magnifying glass to them, you can see that much, much, more meets the 
eye.

        Through the aid of magnification, you can watch your Sea Monkeys do 
what they do best. Their favorite sport is tennis, but they also enjoy golf, 
baseball, football, foosball, lacrosse, ping-pong, midget tossing, velco wall 
jumping, javelin throw, and even wind surfing. They are very athletic, 
especially for little blobs in the water. Just hope that they don't injure 
themselves, because performing knee surgery on your Sea Monkeys is quite 
difficult, even for a brain like yourself.

        Now I'll tell you a little bit about how to make your Sea Monkeys.
(alright, I lied, you have to do more than just add water. But it's worth it!)


-[ Step Number One ]-

        Empty your "Water Purifier" packet (labelled #1) into a clean, 
uncovered container holding 12 ounces of water. Stir until powder starts to 
dissolve. Set it aside for 24-30 hours at room temperature before proceeding 
futher. WARNING! DO NOT add Sea-Monkey eggs util you have complete this first 
step. Water Purifier removes toxins, buffers the water, and after 24 hours, 
reacts with the Instant-Life crystals (in Packet #2) so that your Sea-Monkeys 
will appear to hatch INSTANTLY.

-[ Step Number Two ]-

        Add the entire contents of Packet #2 (containing your live Sea Monkey 
eggs in hatching crystals) into the purified water. Stir for 1 minutes and 
hold the container in front of a strong light. Search carefully and you'll 
see tiny white "dots" swimming against the current. There are your live, 
newly-hatched Sea Monkey babies. With care, they can grow from 1/2" to 3/4" 
and live a year or more.

-[ Step Number Three ]-

        In Packet #3 is Sea Monkey Growth Food. I trust that you can figure 
out what to do with it on your own.

        Well, that's just about all you need to do to make yourself some live 
Sea Monkeys. And if at least two of them don't grow to be a half an inch by 3 
months, you can get your money back! What a DEAL. 

        You might also try just eating the Growth Food raw. This is a 
convienient snack, and will no doubt help your athletic abilities greatly. If 
1/2" inch beings can play tennis well by eating it, so should you. Or, just
munch on the Sea Monkey life crystals themselves. CAUTION: They may sprout to
life on your tongue, so watch out. 

        If you really get interested in your Sea Monkeys (and hey, who 
wouldn't be), there are plenty more products that you can purchase from the
Transcience Corporation to improve the living quality of your Sea Monkeys. 
You can order the Electric Sea Monkey Micro-Vue Ocean Zoo(tm), which stands 
at a giant 6 1/2 inches high, for only four dollars! You can also send away 
for extra Growth Food, and Living Plasma!

        So pick yourself up some Sea-Monkeys and have yourself a jolly old 
time! cyaz...

        GReeTZ Go To - oTiS, GaRBaGe TRuCK, and FLeTCHeR


€           €  [MiLK] Information
€           €
€           €  [MiLK] Sites: 
€           €
€           €  Barney's Pleasure Palace...(708)965-3098 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  The Acropolis..............(708)557-2826 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  Mech World.................(708)757-0116 [14,400]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  The Lunatic Phringe........(708)232-0565 [12 Nodes]
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€
€≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤≤€  File Number 26, "Just Add Water" By Epic
€€€€€€€€€€€€€  This file is exactly 5223 bytes long
