Û         Û                       [MiLK]                          Û         Û
Û         Û                                                       Û         Û
Û         Û       Mighty                     Issue # 9            Û         Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       illicit                      "Joe"              Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Liquid                   By Plaid Wilderbeast   Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û       Kollections                                     Û²²²²²²²²²Û
Û²²²²²²²²²Û                                                       Û²²²²²²²²²Û
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ                                                       ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ


     In a blind state, with mothers love delete, this man could find his way
anywhere.  In the light of day however he was as blind as the perverbial bat. 
You see... this man was a mover and a shaker.  Yes, yes... so he bought and
sold the dead and rotting corpeses of the few remaing leaders of the few
remaining minority groups... but when he hit that dance floor, DAMN, he could
really shake em' down.
     I was walking and talking with Joe... the guy that dances and warehouses
people with good leadership skills... and he gave me some advise that i'm sure
i'll never forget.  Joe says to me, he says... Hand (that's me), when ya'
gotta drain the lizard... ya' gotta choke your gizzard.  Cause dem gizzards
got oooonnnneee mean bite and if you don't feed em' correct like... wol they
get awful ornery.
     Now I love Joe just as much as the next guy... hell, I'd take him on a
table... but this advise was a little far ferched for me.  I don't think that
i could just whip out the ol' sausage of torture and take a wiz in front of
like a convent or something... It just wouldn't be right.
     As Joe and I proceeded down the street I thought long and hard about this
advise hoping that i made a flaw in my thought patterns and that Joe couldn't
have been wrong.  But after a whole minute of deliberation i decided to wait
for a passing automobile and push Joe right out in front of it.  It was a
pleaseing thought untill i realized that in this town the only people rich
enough to drive a car had chauffers to go along with them, and i don't want to
upset a poor, poor chauffer.  After all... the occupation with the highest
percentage of increddibly endowed workers was the personal services specialist
field.  I think Sally Struthers talks about it in her stupid, fucking annoying
commercials on shop at home college.  JJESSUUSSS... wouldn't you just love to
shoot that bitch?
     Any way... I pulled my big gun from my trousers and shot Joe in the head
and pissed into the gaping hole my magnum forty-squirt gun supplided me with.
/?
(ignore that...)
     This really pissed off Joe who made a deal with God... He said "God, your
pretty cute, how about Me being that guys gaurdian angel or something like
that?".  God (being as naive as he is) said yes.  JJJEEEESSSSSUSSSS
     So Joe sits on my shoulder and whispers sweet nothings into my ear...
WHAT A FREEK.  I punched him and sent him to hell where the devil made him eat
sasperilla until his dick fell off.


¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯[MiLK] Information®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®

[MiLK] Sights - The Obloid Sphere       (708)965-3098

[MiLK] Member Listing -         James Hetfield
                                Nyarlathotep
                                Epic
                                Plaid Wilderbeast

[MiLK] Issue Number -   9
[MiLK] Issue Size -     3661 Bytes
[MiLK] Date of Production:      01/12/94

¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯ "Ralphie says: as;lfkjasdl;kjfasl;djka;lkjsfd" ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
