        Ü Ü Ü      Mighty           Issue #60
   Ü Ü    Û Û Ü    illicit          "The Curtain"
  Û ß Û Û Û ÛÛ     Liquid           -By James Hetfield
  ß   ß ß ß ß ß    Kollections                    
Ä  Ä -ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

        Well, the days are getting shorter, the nights getting longer...
and few of us can appreciate this fact because of the education
institutions we find ourselves in at this moment.  Yes, the summer has
ended, and we've been thrown back into the school year.  Some of us do
not notice the giant change as strong; some only goto school from 8 to 3
and then come back home to enjoy the rest of the day.  Others notice
this change greatly; now finding themselves hundreds of miles away from
all their summer pals.

        The BBSing scene has slowed down, like it always does; Q101
doesn't seem to overplay all the songs as much anymore, because we don't
have time to be listening to it most of the day; We even find ourselves
enjoying sleep, because we have very little time to do it now...

        And, just like everything else, [MiLK] has almost gone an entire
week and a half without putting out a text file; Because of this fact,
we find ourselves with Milk 60:  The Curtain.

* * * * *

        The curtain is always getting a little more rough; a little
dirtier; and it's always getting closer to being closed.  Every day, the
curtain subconsciously knows someday no light will be getting through
her.  Until, finally upon that day, the curtain is closed.  The curtain
is taken off the window.  The curtain should not become sad about this,
however, because all curtains have to be replaced someday, otherwise the
curtain would fall apart and be horribly ugly and wouldn't be able to
preform any of the tasks it used to..

        Just like that curtain, we all must come to the understanding
that our lives must eventually come to an end.  Whether that end is in
an auto-accident; Drinking Cool-Aid; or dying in a buring compound
shouldn't be any of our concern, because we all have to end someday...

        Remember that when you're about to come to your gory demise.
Just say to yourself, "Hey, I'm like, Dead.".

* * * * *



Û           Û  [MiLK] Information
Û           Û
Û           Û  [MiLK] Sites: 
Û           Û
Û           Û  The Obloid Sphere..........(708)965-3098 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  The Asylum.................(908)914-9318 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û                             (NUP)    I LOVE FEDS
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Violent Playground.........(908)920-2575 [14,400]
Û²²²²²²²²²²²Û  Black Dragon BBS...........(703)885-3072 [14,400]
ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÄÄ> MiLK File #60: "The Curtain" <ÄÄÄ
               (This File Just wasted 2839 bytes of your hard drive)

