Teletimes Writer's Guide3938 W. 30th Ave.
Vancouver, BC, V6S 1X3
Canada

¥What is Teletimes?

Teletimes is a monthly general interest magazine which showcases 
different ideas and view points from around the world. Each issue has a 
"cover" story that focuses on an important international topic. Even 
though it is electronically produced and distributed, Teletimes tries not 
to focus on computer related topics since the Internet is already clogged 
with that sort of material.

¥What are its goals?

Teletimes seeks to present informed opinion and observation drawn from 
the experience of living in a particular place. We do not, at this point, 
have professional journalists with expense accounts :ÂD

¥Why should I contribute to Teletimes?

The usual reasons, worldwide fame, prestige and notoriety...though sadly, 
not money. While we do not pay our contributors as yet, we do get 
comments on particularly insightful or well written articles. And, 
technically, one can claim to be "published".

Teletimes offers two main sections for readers and contributors. The 
"Features" section is devoted to articles, photographs and graphics that 
address the topic for the month. For those who have more to say or show, 
the "Departments" section provides regular monthly columns that offer our 
readers commentary that may or may not address the issue's central theme 
(it is after all, difficult to create a recipe that addresses problems in 
education!)

¥Where can I get it and how much does it cost?

Teletimes is available for free by sending your name and computer type to 
ian@breez.wimsey.com or by FTP at sumex-aim.stanford.edu in the 
info-mac/per directory. The latter only carries the Macintosh version.

Teletimes is also available by mail, on diskette. A small fee will be 
charged to cover the cost of the disk and mailing charges. Our mailing 
address is at the beginning of this document.

¥What should I write my article about?

Each issue has a specific theme which most of the writers use as a guide 
for the subject of their articles. The theme is decided about a month in 
advance. Each issue will always mention the next upcoming topic to give 
writers time to prepare and readers something to look forward to. A 
couple of previous topics-of-the-month were: Problems in Education, 
Tourism and Political Systems.

Writers may also choose to write an article based on one of the existing 
columns or start up their own monthly column.

¥How should I write my article?

A reader should read your article and come away knowing a bit more about 
the region that it was written in or was written about. Other than that, 
the article can be written in any way you want.

¥Where should submissions be sent?

We encourage writers to submit work by e-mail to ian@breez.wimsey.com. If 
for some reason you cannot send your material by e-mail, we do also 
accept material through snail mail (see beginning for address).

¥When are articles due?

Articles should be submitted by the 15th of each month. An article 
received on or before the 15th of March would most likely appear in the 
April issue.

¥Can I include illustrations with my article?

Absolutely! We definately encourage writers to submit illustrations or 
photos along with their articles in either PICT or TIFF format. Please 
e-mail us for the Photographer & Illustrator Guide.