INTERNATIONAL TELETIMES

The Environment & Human Rights

• Vol. 2 No. 9                               November 1993 •
------------------------------------------------------------
CONTENTS
------------------------------------------------------------

-- Features --
Air in Mexico City
Just Do It!
Cognitive Science and Animal Rights

-- Departments --
The Keepers of Light
Deja Vu
The Wine Enthusiast


------------------------------------------------------------
EDITOR’S NOTE
------------------------------------------------------------

Dear readers,
For over a year now, Teletimes has been a zero-profit 
magazine. Many people have donated their time and creativity 
into making this publication work. Several of our writers 
(and Art Directors) are of professional caliber and deserve 
to be rewarded for their work and to be perfectly honest, I 
have put in countless hours into Teletimes myself at the 
expense of my school work.We hope to start changing this 
soon. But don't worry, the entire magazine will still be 
free to all readers. We do, however, ask that you send us 
between $10-$20 US or Canadian if you enjoy reading 
Teletimes and would like to see it constantly improving 
(checks can be made out to "Global Village Communications 
Society"). We will also be attempting to find some 
advertisers to help cover our costs. Our preliminary 
research has put the readership at around 5 000. If you are 
interested in placing an ad in Teletimes, please contact us 
and we will supply you with some more details.

Ian Wojtowicz
Editor-in-Chief


------------------------------------------------------------
MAILBOX
------------------------------------------------------------

-- Reader Comments --

1. Nice layout, but I sure would like to be able to get a 
bigger font on this little 7 inch screen. On my screen it 
looks about ten point, which is tough on these old bifocaled 
eyes. Maybe you could up it a point or two. Italicized 
responses to the letters have gotta go - virtually (pun 
intended) unreadable. Please try something else to 
differentiate.

2. I was not particularly interested in the contents of this 
issue (October '93), but it seems to be well written and I 
will certainly download future issues.

3. Graphics appear a little dense in black & white w/ no 
greyscale. But that's a minority view (grin) these days.

4. Perhaps you could add the ability in the Mac version to 
print specific sections of IT right from the screen. Doing a 
text output followed by a cut & print is kludgy, but the 
only alternative is (or seems to be) a print of the whole 
'zine.

5. Suggestion for a Department: "Found on the Net." Look for 
things that are international in flavor and of some degree 
of off-beat interest. For example, if you email Ian Feldman 
(ianf@random.se) he might send you a copy of his listing of 
"Bike Tales." This consists of a title, author, publisher & 
pricing for books about bike trips, many of which occur 
outside North America. You could ask your readers to submit 
such items to your attention - I'll bet some interesting 
stuff will come up.

6. For the heck of it, you might publish a bilingual edition 
or two. But keep one of the languages English, for us 
monolingual types.

7. Make some money - sell some of your space to Feder's and 
other similar publishers to advertise their travel wares. 
Look over the New Yorker ads and pick a couple of the yuppie 
advertisers whose wares are related to travel & sell them 
some space, too. Insist on quality in the form of 
entertaining and informative ads.

  - Harmon Dow, Chicago, USA


Thanks for your free electronic magazine. Hope you'll send 
me more information on electronic publications available via 
e mail.

  - Awaji Yoshimasa, Kisarazu, Japan


A friend recently gave me a copy of the August issue of 
Teletimes. I must commend you on all your efforts. Very 
impressive work.

My question is... Does Teletimes get distributed freely? 
Mailing list? If so, please add my address to your list. If 
not.. please send me subscription information.

  - Jason Schreiber, jd@world.std.com

Nice work folks. I would like a subscription to the Mac 
version by e-mail if possible, since my access to ftp is 
flaky. Thank you. Could you also e-mail me the submissions 
guide for writing? Thanks again and pass on my highest 
praise to the rest of the team!

  - Kelly Janz, Strathmore, Canada


Great e-mag... Keep up the good work!!! I especially like 
your Mailbox icon.

  - Otto Grajeda, San Fransisco, USA


The Sept-93 issue was the first one I read. I enjoyed it 
very much, especially the articles "Cyperspace" by Paul 
Gribble and "Japans Love Affair with Gizmos" by Prasad 
Akella. Thank you all for your good work.

  - Udo Hakelberg, Berlin, Germany


Your italic typeface is very hard to read. Other than that 
it is an excellent general magazine.

  - James Mitchell, North Carlton, Australia


THANK YOU TO ALL THOSE WHO RETURNED THEIR RESPONSE CARDS. AS 
YOU CAN SEE, I HAVE FOLLOWED YOUR ADVICE AND DONE AWAY WITH 
ITALICS AND REPLACED THEM A BOLD TYPEFACE. IN RESPONSE TO 
MR. HARMON DOW'S QUESTION ABOUT PRINTING, DOCMAKER DOES, IN 
FACT, ALLOW YOU TO PRINT ONLY CERTAIN SECTIONS OF THE 
MAGAZINE IF YOU WISH. I DO NOT SUPPORT PRINTING OUT 
TELETIMES AS THIS IS SUPPOSED TO BE A PURELY ELECTRONIC 
MAGAZINE. SO PERHAPS IN KEEPING WITH THE SPIRIT OF 
CYBERSPACE AND THE ENVIRONMENTAL THEME OF THIS ISSUE, WE 
COULD ALL TRY AND REFRAIN FROM PRINTING OUT TELETIMES, 
TEMPTING AS IT MAY BE.ANOTHER POINT WHICH WAS BROUGHT UP WAS 
THAT OF MAKING SOME MONEY. IF YOU HAVEN'T DONE SO ALREADY, 
PLEASE READ THE EDITOR'S NOTE FOR SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
ON THIS SUBJECT.


-- A Wired Correction --

While the Wired article (reprinted from v1n2) in the latest 
Teletimes was interesting, it's my duty as a citizen of the 
West Coast to point out one problem with Stuart Hertzog's 
article: Wired isn't published out of New York; though it's 
physically printed in Boston, its editorial offices are in 
San Francisco. This is, on all accounts, a West Coast mag if 
there ever was one.

On a side note, Wired has gone from a bi-monthly to monthly 
with the publication of its November issue.

  - Jason Snell, Berkeley, USA

------------------------------------------------------------
STAFF & INFO
------------------------------------------------------------

Editor-in-Chief:
 Ian Wojtowicz

Art Director:
 Anand Mani

Correspondents:
 Biko Agozino, Edinburgh, Scotland
 Prasad & Surekha Akella, Japan
 Prasad Dharmasena, Silver Spring, USA
 Paul Gribble, Montreal, Canada
 Dirk Grutzmacher, Edinburgh, UK
 Mike Matsunaga, Skokie, USA
 Satya Prabhakar, Minneapolis, USA
 Motamarri Saradhi, Singapore
 Dr. Michael Schreiber, Vienna, Austria
 Dr. Euan Taylor, Winnipeg, Canada
 Seth Theriault, Lexington, USA

Columnists:
 Kent Barrett, Keepers of the Light
 Tom Davis, The Wine Enthusiast
 David Lewis, Cuisine
 Andreas Seppelt, Latin American Correspondant

Shareware policy:
 If you enjoy reading Teletimes on a constant basis, and 
 believe that it is worth paying for, we ask that you send 
 us between $5 and $10 in US or Canadian funds. This money 
 will be used to further develop Teletimes. Checks should be 
 made out to "Global Village Communications Society".

Submission policy:
 Teletimes examines broad topics of interest and concern on 
 a global scale. The magazine strives to showcase the unique 
 differences and similarities in opinions and ideas which 
 are apparent in separate regions of the world. Readers are 
 encouraged to submit informative and interesting articles, 
 using the monthly topic as a guideline if they wish. All 
 articles should be submitted along with a 50 word 
 biography. Everyone submitting must include their real name 
 and address (also real, please). A Teletimes Writer's Guide 
 and a Teletimes Photographer & Illustrator's Guide are 
 available upon request.

Upcoming themes:
 December - What's News With You?

Deadline for articles:
 November 20th, 1993

E-mail:
 ianw@.wimsey.com

Snail mail:
 International Teletimes
 3938 West 30th Ave.
 Vancouver, B.C.
 V6S 1X3

Software and hardware credits:
 The cover page and section headers are done in Fractal 
 Painter 1.2 on a Macintosh Quadra 950. The layout and 
 editing was done on a Macintosh IIci using MS Word 5.0 and 
 DocMaker 3.96.

Copyright notice:
 International Teletimes is a publication of the Global 
 Village Communication Society and is copyrighted ©1993 by 
 the same. All articles are copyrighted by their respective 
 authors however International Teletimes retains the right 
 to reprint all material unless otherwise requested by the 
 author. This magazine is free to be copied and distributed 
 UNCHANGED so long as it is not sold for profit. Editors 
 reserve the right to alter articles. Submitting material is 
 a sign that the author agrees to all the above terms.


------------------------------------------------------------
FEATURES
------------------------------------------------------------

-- Air in Mexico City: A Strange Brew --

A few years ago, I stumbled across a wonderful bit of satire 
in Mexico’s leading English language daily, The News. Under 
the column heading of "The Irreverent Gringo", the author 
hilariously explained how Mexico City’s air was a gold mine 
of raw materials and resources, just waiting to be 
processed; the high concentrations of lead could be 
harvested for use in glass factories; fecal matter, commonly 
found floating in the air, would be perfect for high-grade 
fertilizers. Concerns about the ozone layer?—heck, Mexico 
City’s air had tons of ozone; we just needed to bottle it up 
and fire it back into the stratosphere. This called for a 
celebration, or at least a few tequilas raised to the new-
found fortune.

Continuing in this tone, it was equally humourous to see the 
Mexican federal government trying to take credit this 
September for low pollution readings which resulted from the 
strong winds and rains from Hurricane Gerty. The President 
of the National Ecological Institute, Sergio Reyes Lujan, 
came under heavy criticism when he implied that federal 
emission control efforts and other anti-pollution programs 
has led to the recent drop (in August and September) in air 
particle readings. Reyes further stated that long-term 
studies had proven that both lead and sulphur counts were 
significantly lower for more than a year now, but that the 
level of other contaminants, such as ozone, had shown very 
little change.

Just when the laugh-track appeared to end, the Metropolitan 
Commission for the Prevention and Control of Contamination 
in the Valley of Mexico (CMPCAVM) released its findings in 
early October, concluding that less than 2% of all suspended 
particle matter in Mexico City’s air was caused by industry, 
and more than 43% was caused by ground erosion. These 
reports quickly caused outrage and incredulity. Greenpeace 
representatives immediately countered with World Bank and 
World Health Organization analysis which showed that Mexico 
City’s TSP (total suspended particles) index commonly 
exceeded the U.S. average by six times. Greenpeace leaders 
also stressed that this new report by the city’s pollution-
control agency hides the seriousness of the particle-matter 
problem in Mexico City, where more than 6,000 people may die 
each year because of exposure to particles in the air. 
Greenpeace’s argument was supported by a recent report 
prepared by the Federal Attorney General’s Office for the 
Protection of the Environment (Profepa), in which Profepa 
found that 90% of industries operating in the Mexico City 
valley were emitting particles into the air…and of the more 
than 7,000 businesses inspected by Profepa in the first half 
of 1993, more than 6,000 displayed irregularities in their 
production processes.

All these items point to the fact that industrial and 
combustion sources must be responsible for more TSP 
pollution than what local commissions and reports have been 
acknowledging. Greenpeace has demanded that the government 
begin broadcasting weekly detailed reports about air quality 
and the levels of suspended particle matter.

All of these recent developments would normally make one 
laugh at their ludicrous nature; if, that is, one wasn’t 
working in what the World Health Organization called the 
"dirtiest air of any major metropolitan area in the world"; 
and if this air didn’t cause coughing, lung and throat 
irritation, burning eyes, and a myriad of other ailments—and 
if winter wasn’t approaching, when cold air inversions tend 
to hold Mexico City’s air masses in place for days.

  - Andreas Seppelt, Latin American Correspondant


-- Just Do It! --

Have you ever thought about what it takes to make those 
snazzy running shoes you see advertised on TV, reeking of 
freedom, individualism, health and cleanliness?

Well mostly it takes cheap labour, really cheap labour, the 
cheaper the better.

In August last year a small article appeared in Harpers 
magazine, all it consists of is a photograph of an 
Indonesian workers payslip and a few annotations to tell you 
what it means. This particular (fairly typical) worker earns 
14 cents US per hour, at that rate the labour costs for 
assembling one pair of running shoes (retail price $80) 
would be a massive 12 cents.

This particular lady worked for the Sung Hwa company, a 
Korean based firm and a major major supplier for Nike (99% 
of Nike shoes are made in Asia). I will warn you now that I 
talk about Nike quite a few times in this article, because 
they feature heavily in so many of the sources I consulted 
about the footwear industry in Indonesia. Nike serves as 
something of a paradigm for the subject. But they are by no 
means the only foreign firm making a packet out of 
Indonesia's workers. Reebok has also invested heavily in 
Indonesia, and between 1988 and 1991 foreign investors 
channeled more than $350 000 000 US into Indonesia.

For some time Nike have contracted the manufacturing of 
their shoes to a number of Korean companies. In the late 
80's rising wage demands from Korean workers and increasing 
industrial unrest led many companies to shift their 
manufacturing operations from Korea to Indonesia and China. 
It costs $10 000 a year to employ an average Korean worker 
to assemble running shoes, a Chinese worker $1000, and an 
Indonesian $500. Not surprisingly Indonesia has become a 
favourite manufacturing site.

The official Indonesian trades union (SPSI) is government 
run, all other unions were forced to join it in 1985, and 
it's appointed officials were members of the army. It has 
been refused recognition by the International Confederation 
of Free Trade Unions. Indonesian activists have expressed 
doubt that it has the will or for that matter the resources 
to stand up against major business interests.

Despite the theoretical government monopoly, an independent 
trade union - Solidarity - appeared in 1991. One of its 
leaders was subsequently abducted by "six armed men", and 
kept blindfolded and bound for the three days of his 
detention, except for a six hour interrogation. His 
interrogators wanted to know where solidarity got its money, 
and what were his connections with local political 
activists. The union leaders suspected army involvement in 
the kidnapping, but this was denied by army spokesmen.

Although some members of the Indonesian parliament, and 
ministers concerned with the country's image abroad, do tend 
to support stronger protection for workers rights, this is 
not the official position. The government line was summed up 
by the Manpower Minister, who has been quoted as saying 
that:

"The right to hold a strike is protected by the 
constitution, but exercise of that right is still not 
tolerated in Indonesia because it is harmful to both sides."

The theoretical Indonesian "minimum wage" is considered 
sufficient to provide only 15% to 30% of minimum physical 
needs (depending upon location and family situation). 
Nevertheless a study in 1989, looking at 1017 companies in 
the Jakarta area found 56% of companies paying less than 
this "minimum" level ($0.43 - $1.33). 88% of workers in the 
pay range of our example above, are malnourished.

The situation of workers in Indonesia has not gone 
completely unnoticed outside the country. Citing 
restrictions on freedom of association the American 
Federation of Labour - Congress of Industrial Organisations, 
petitioned the US Trade Representative (USTR) four times 
between 1985 and 1991 to revoke Indonesia's right to 
preferential import duties (permitted under the Generalized 
Scheme of Preferences (GSP). In 1992 both Asia Watch and the 
International Labour Research Fund separately petitioned the 
USTR to end the application of the GSP to Indonesia. They 
presented "voluminous evidence" (in the words of one 
correspondent) of the absence of internationally recognised 
workers rights. The issues they raise include freedom of 
association, the right to organise and bargain collectively, 
the right to acceptable working conditions, child labour, 
and forced labour.

Not surprisingly with a total manufacturing cost of $12 for 
a pair of running shoes that retail for $63, Nike's profits 
rose from $1 billion in 1988 to $3.5 billion in 1991. At 
least in part a result of the "ruthlessness with which Nike 
pares its costs" (to quote the Far Eastern Economic Review).

Now to be fair to Nike they (as their representatives are at 
pains to emphasise) don't actually run the factories 
themselves. They take bids from a number of companies in 
Korea, which compete to give the lowest costs per shoe. They 
in their turn squeeze the most they can out of their 
Indonesian labour force.

Naturally since they don't actually own the factories 
themselves, Nike deny any responsibility for the working 
conditions there. It is a straight business decision, costs 
down profits up. The Far Eastern Economic Review quotes the 
Nike General Manager in Jakarta as saying that: "It's not 
within our scope to investigate [allegations of labour 
violations]".

To consolidate its gains and diversify into the "best sports 
and fitness company in the world" (as the CEO told Financial 
World this February) the company is planning a move into 
sport management. They want to build a "family relationship" 
so that they can "exert more control", they would like to 
have the athletes who promote their products "embraced by 
Nike as a whole".

This cozy family embrace does not extend to the people who 
make the running shoes. They are the victims of hostile 
government, a complacent union, and deliberate corporate 
neglect.

They are also our victims - we are the next link in the 
chain.

  - Dr. Euan Taylor, Winnipeg, Canada

Sources:
Far Eastern Economic Review: March 1989, June 20th 1991, 5th 
November 1992, June 3rd 1993.
Financial World: February 16th 1993.
Harper's Magazine: August 1992.International Labour Review: 
vol-129 issue 1.


-- Cognitive Science and Animal Rights--

Cognitive Scientists and Philosophers hold no monopoly on 
theories of mind, consciousness and free will. Every person 
who comes into contact with species other than their own at 
one time or another employs their own theories to guide 
their interactions. Standard philosophical arguments about 
the ethical treatment of non-human animals ultimately appeal 
to some kind of capitulation of the existence and intrinsic 
value of non-human minds. What I purport to reveal is an 
unsettling consequence of accepting this stance: there are 
no reasonable grounds for not extending these principles to 
artificial systems.

It is widely accepted in Western culture that to inflict 
pain upon another human being is not ethical. We often 
justify this kind of conclusion with arguments like, "we 
have to consider the interests of other people", and " we 
wouldn't like to be treated that way, so neither would this 
other person". What this amounts to is objectively 
attributing thoughts and feelings to other people based upon 
our knowledge of our own subjective thoughts and feelings. I 
know what it would be like for my friend to feel pain from a 
scraped knee because I know what it is like for me to feel 
pain from a scraped knee, and because I believe that my 
friend's central nervous system supports his mind in the 
same way that mine does.

Can we use the same kind of reasoning to formulate an 
ethical stance of our treatment of non-human animals? In his 
essay, "What Is It Like to Be a Bat", Thomas Nagel points 
out that any such attempts are fundamentally flawed. He 
concludes that a human can never in principle know what it 
is like to be a bat, simply because a human is not a bat. 
Any attempt at mimicking the perceptual effects of "bat-
like" perceptions begs the question because that would only 
amount to a human perception of "bat- like" experiences.

Is there a more valid way to formulate an ethical stance? 
Marian Stamp Dawkins points out that two main strands are 
discernible from the "bowl of spaghetti-like reasoning" that 
we use as ethical bases for our treatment of animals: we 
tend to value other animals which are clever or which show 
evidence of the ability to reason (this view has its origins 
in Descartes), and we value other organisms that show 
evidence of the ability to suffer and to feel pain (this 
view has its origins in Bentham). Dawkins defines suffering 
as states in which an organism would rather not be and from 
which they would probably try to escape if possible. She 
recognizes that animals lack the ability to alert humans to 
their states of suffering using language, and proposes three 
other sources of evidence: the general state of health of an 
animal (for example, squealing, struggling, convulsions), 
physiological signs (for example, increased heart rate, 
brain activity, hormone levels), and overt behavior.

As an example of behavioral evidence of an animal being in 
such a state of suffering, Dawkins describes a situation in 
which rats were encased in air-tight containers, subjected 
to tobacco smoke. Over time, the rats learned to plug up the 
smoke-vents with their own feces, thus expressing, according 
to Dawkins, "what they thought of what was being done to 
them".

Dawkins then outlines experimental procedures that could in 
principle be used to determine more exactly just how 
unpleasant a particular state is to an animal. She puts 
forth the definition that an animal can be said to be 
"suffering if it is being kept in conditions that it would 
work hard to get out of, if given the chance, or if it is 
being kept in a condition without something that it would 
work hard to obtain if given the chance", where "working 
hard" is defined as something like expending energy, or 
going without food.

What Dawkins' definitions amount to is an ethical stance 
that values an organism that has the capacity to show that 
something matters to it. According to her account, this can 
be best revealed by the extent to which it is able to 
evaluate the world and work out how to bring about a change 
in the world.

In his book, "Practical Ethics", Peter Singer offers his own 
philosophical contemplations on a sound ethical basis for 
human treatment of non-human animals. His foundation is that 
the fundamental principle of equality, on which the equality 
of all human beings rests, is the principle of equal 
consideration of interests. He then argues that having 
accepted this principle as a sound moral basis for relations 
with other humans, we are also committed to accepting it as 
a sound moral basis for relations with non-human animals. In 
the same way that our concerns for the interests of other 
humans should not depend on their race or intelligence, our 
concerns for the interests of non-human animals should not 
depend on their not being human, or their level of 
intelligence.

Singer also appeals to the view put forth by Bentham that 
all that is required to entitle a being to equal 
consideration is the capacity for suffering. This taken with 
the above course of reasoning suggests that Singer is 
advocating the moral stance that we must consider the 
interests of animals, (human and non-human), as long as 
those animals have the capacity to suffer, and as long as 
those animals have interests to be considered.

In synthesizing the above views put forth by Singer and 
Dawkins, the resulting ethical stance is that based upon the 
principle of equal consideration of interests, we are 
morally bound to consider the interests of non-human animals 
that have the capacity to suffer, where suffering is defined 
and can be experimentally revealed in the ways described 
above by Dawkins.

To what extent can these same principles be extended to 
artificial systems? Should humans be morally bound to 
consider the interests of artificial systems in the same 
way, by the above arguments, that they are morally bound to 
consider the interests of non-human animals?

I propose that an artificial being could, in principle, 
satisfy the above criterion. Imagine a mobile floor-
sweeping-robot built out of some kind of heat-sensitive 
material, such that if exposed to heat above a certain 
temperature for a prolonged period of time, the robot would 
melt. Suppose that the robot has been programmed to avoid 
termination of its functions. The robot is equipped with 
heat detectors and has been programmed to avoid areas of its 
environment in which it detects excessive heat. In addition, 
the robot has been equipped with crumple-detectors, such 
that when the robots outer layer starts to crumple from any 
kind of impact, it will reverse its direction of movement.

Imagine that an evil undergraduate lures the floor-sweeping 
robot into a room using animal-cracker crumbs, and that once 
trapped inside the room, the undergraduate turns up the 
heat. The robot begins to sweep up the animal-cracker 
crumbs, but its heat detectors start to detect heat levels 
far above its pre-programmed threshold. The robot moves 
about the room, but its heat detectors register excessive 
heat everywhere inside the room. It tries to open the door, 
but the baneful undergraduate has locked it. The robot 
enters a state in which it emits a loud alarm and flashes 
the pre-programmed message "heat levels too high" on its 
display screen. The robot has been pre-programmed to regard 
heat regulation as its highest priority, so after some pre- 
determined time the robot begins to repeatedly roll to the 
back of the room, and hurl itself forward, disregarding the 
warning-inputs from its crumple-detectors as it repeatedly 
smashes into the door.

The robot clearly is in a state in which it would rather not 
be if given the chance; after all, it has evaluated the 
state of the world and how to bring about a change in the 
world. In addition, it is working hard to do so: it is 
conceding structural damage and possible resultant 
termination in order to forego certain termination due to 
the heat. Surely the warning alarm and message can be 
interpreted as some kind of physiological response, 
equivalent to an organic system releasing hormones in 
response to some external stimulus. Thus, Dawkins' criterion 
for 'severe enough' suffering have been met, and its 
interests have been revealed, so according to Singer, we are 
now morally bound to consider those interests.

I will be the first to admit that this is an extremely 
unsettling conclusion. The alternatives, however, are either 
to abandon this line of reasoning as a defense of non-human 
animal interests, or to somehow remove artificial systems 
from the scope of this line of reasoning. What possible 
reasons could there be for their exclusion? One might argue 
that because they were created by humans, their internal 
states were created by humans, and thus are not owned by 
them. In the same way, however, one could argue that our 
internal states (our knowledge, thoughts, and especially our 
autonomic physiological responses) are not owned by us, but 
are 'pre-programmed' by our genetic background and our 
environment.

Any conjecture that the internal states of artificial 
systems are not really equivalent to our (or non-human 
animal) states of suffering because they are inorganic or 
artificial can be countered with Nagel's point: a human 
cannot know what it is like to be an [artificial system] 
simply because a human isn't an [artificial system]. This 
fact doesn't change, even if a human was the creator of the 
states that constitute what it is like to 'be' that 
artificial system.

Perhaps what is needed is a more stringent way of 
determining what systems deserve our consideration of their 
interests, and in that way artificial systems could be 
indirectly excluded from consideration. It appears that we 
find ourselves between a rock and a hard place. If we try to 
proceed by re-tuning these criterion, we encounter the 
immovable rock. In order to make these criterion more 
stringent, we would have to use more internal or subjective 
measures than the external, objective behavioral dimensions 
offered by Dawkins. Unfortunately any such subjective line 
of attack ultimately falls victim to Nagel's argument.

If we try to proceed in the other direction, we find 
ourselves in a hard place to be: either we must forsake that 
the interests of non-human animals that meet these criterion 
deserve our consideration, or we must concede that the 
interests of artificial systems that meet these criterion 
also deserve our consideration.

  - Paul Gribble, Montreal, Canada

Sources:
Dawkins, Marian S. "Minding and Mattering". In Blakemore, C. 
& Greenfield, S., Mindwaves. Cambridge: Basil Blackwell, 
1987.
Nagel, Thomas. "What Is It Like to Be a Bat?". In 
Hofstadter, D. & Dennett, D., The Mind's I. New York: Basic 
Books, 1981.Singer, Peter.
Practical Ethics. Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 
1979.


------------------------------------------------------------
DEPARTMENTS
------------------------------------------------------------

-- The Keepers Of Light: Images of Mexico --

All artwork presented in this column is (c) the respective 
artists, and may not be copied, altered or re-used without 
express written permission. (Artwork Only appears in 
Macintosh version.)

Greetings, Cyberfolk, and welcome to the November Keepers of 
Light. This month we return to the Exposure Gallery (see the 
October '93 issue for details about Exposure) to visit a 
fascinating exhibition of photographs by Vancouver artist 
Gerry Schallie. We'll also be speaking with Schallie to 
discover more about what he is trying to achieve with this 
on-going documentary of the Mayan ruins in southern Mexico. 

The first impression on entering the gallery and glancing 
around is that some one has gone to a lot of trouble to 
produce an elegant presentation. All of the works in the 
show are identically, simply and impeccably matted and 
framed. The mattes have been cut optically centered , and a 
subtle score line has been expertly made around the 
openings. The overall effect is one balance, harmony and 
order. Even the title tags on the walls beside each piece 
have been tastefully laser printed on fine paper and placed 
with precision beside each frame.

Right. Of course consummate display is often camouflage for 
inferior photographs, but happily this is not the case with 
Pan Paxil. This show, shot at various locations in the 
Yucatan in 1992, represents some of the most carefully 
executed photography I have seen in a long time. Shot 
entirely on Kodak High Speed Infrared film the images have 
all of the glittering grain and highlight glow that this 
film, properly handled , can produce. Further, the prints 
have been made on especially high silver content papers, and 
gold toned, giving them a depth and body they could 
otherwise not posses.

The images themselves are curious, almost disturbing. The 
ruins are the subject, or perhaps it is the effect that the 
sight of these destroyed places has on the viewer that is 
the subject. These are not glamour shots, although some of 
them are quite dramatic. Most of them seem quite impersonal, 
almost empty of meaning at first sight. Very little, if 
anything, has been done by the artist to try and impose any 
interpretation upon these sad and maddeningly enigmatic 
ruins. They simply are.

The first I viewed, "El Mercado" almost made me laugh. 
Ruined columns stand in a overgrown vineyard-like setting. 
It might have been somewhere in Greece. The sun beams down 
from behind the foliage and the trees and columns both glow 
in the diffuse light. It had a fantasy quality, like a matte 
painting in a movie. There is a small clearing, and I half 
expected to see Captain Kirk and an away team beam into the 
picture. The longer I looked at it the emptier it appeared 
to grow. I moved on.

One I particularly enjoyed was "Annex of the Knives, Edzná". 
Here the glitter of light on the grass and worn and 
shattered rock dances, as if the knives in the title were 
growing in sharp myriad profusion on the ground, in the 
trees, the air. It sparkles.

I spent a lot of time looking at "Chac (Raingod), Maya Pan". 
This fierce figure has seen better days. He is all pocked, 
teeth broken, chipped. One eye has been put out. I got the 
impression from the damage that Chac had suffered the 
indignities of perhaps generations of post-modern Mayan 
punks pelting him with rocks, where once they might have 
stood with awe.

In his artist's statement Schallie refers to the work of 
writer John L. Stephens and artist Frederick Catherwood, who 
first chronicled the then virtually unknown Mayan 
civilization in 1841. Schallie says found himself influenced 
by the feelings invoked by the explorers work, and he found 
himself photographing many of the same places visited by 
them, in some cases perhaps standing in the exact same 
spots. Indeed there is a tremendous similarity between some 
of Catherwood's drawings and woodcuts and some of Schallie's 
photographs.

"Fallen Ornaments, Kabah" along with "Chacmool & Serpent 
Heads, Chichen Itzá" (the latter perhaps more so) and a few 
others appear at first to break from the impersonal feeling 
of the majority of the work in this show. The closer view of 
these details and fragments seems more intimate than the 
larger scenes, a function of size and viewpoint. But again 
this feeling of intimacy fades, and the mystery and, yes, 
desolation returns.

"Governor's Palace, Uxmal" is a favorite of mine with its 
deep shadow between the two strangely curving walls. Again 
and again the questions recur: who were these people, how 
did they live, what happened...

I found myself becoming depressed. Not depressed, exactly, 
but subdued rather by the emptiness and wonder of it all. 
The utterly alien mystery of it. It accumulates. Each image 
reinforces each other. The whole show seemed to echo.

Another fine image was "Roofcomb, Edzná". Here is a photo 
that could be used to teach design. Striations in the rock 
and streams of light and shadow in the clouds appear to 
radiate from the common centre of a black and threatening 
empty doorway. The fingers of the rooftop and columns rake 
the sky above the rounded hilltop and the dark and 
featureless plain below.

Altogether "Pan Paxil" is an excellent show. It is also a 
work in progress. Schallie intends to return to southern 
Mexico this December to do further work. I'm looking forward 
to seeing the final project.

Pan paxil [pan pashîl] broken place, 
the cradle of civilization in Mayan 
mythology; a citadel or mountain 
struck by lightning, mixingcorn and 
water to produce the first true 
humans.

Tech Notes:

Film: Kodak High Speed Infrared
Cameras: Pentax LX
Lenses: various
Filters: various reds, oranges, yellows
Paper: Forte (high silver, variable grade fiber base, 
produced in Hungary)
Development: a dilute 
glycin formulation 
Post development: selective bleaching, gold toned
Enlarger: Durst 707 (diffusion head), 63 mm Nikkor ƒ2.8 
enlarging lens
Special Techniques: Use of split contrast filters in 
printing

Profile: Gerry Schallie

Gerry Schallie is a very interesting man. His passion for 
and dedication to photography is evident in both his 
conversation and his work. By day he gigs as Fuji film rep 
(and his choice of a Kodak film for this exhibition was a 
source of some jocularity around the office.) He enjoys the 
work, but finds it somewhat, well, corporate. It does give 
him the freedom to travel to Mexico on photo expeditions, 
though, and it allows him to take a stricter approach to 
pricing his artwork than an artist who has to live on print 
sales alone might be able to swallow.

He maintains his own darkroom, separate from his house 
because, he says, it lets him get away from photography for 
a few hours by going home. He keeps a "huge" darkroom, and 
keeps it scrupulously clean. The printing process he 
employed for Pan Paxil is arduous, to say the least. The 
dilute glycin developer he uses with the Forte paper calls 
for print development times running over seven minutes 
(compared to the forty-five to ninety seconds common with 
developer-incorporated emulsions and high energy 
developers). Worse, the combination of weak developer and 
high silver paper means that the developer in the tray is 
rapidly oxidized, and replenishment is necessary after every 
print is processed. The prints must then be further 
painstakingly washed to archival standards, and then the 
process has only begun. Schallie often uses a selective 
bleaching process to bring out certain details in an image, 
using a variety of applicators and brushes, sometimes as 
fine as a single hair. The prints must then be washed again, 
in preparation for the gold toning process. The gold toner 
adds extra archival permanence to the prints, and has the 
further virtues of adding shadow contrast to the images, and 
cooling down the somewhat olive warmth of the Forte paper. 
Then, of course, the prints have to be washed.

Schallie goes to these (and other) lengths to achieve the 
print effect that he feels most completely empowers the 
image to speak. That was my overriding impression from 
talking with him while we scanned the photos for this 
review. Everything is subordinate to the image. He searches 
first for the feeling of a place or event, then begins a 
process of discovery to find what will aid the images in 
conveying that feeling, and what will hinder.

Obviously quite taken with the delicious mystery of pre-
Colombian Mayan civilization, he is headed back to the 
Yucatan for another look, and may venture further south to 
Belize. His first trip, he relates, was something of an 
exploratory expedition. He asked around and pretty much went 
where people told him to, often with disappointing results 
("Chichen Itzá was like Disneyland"), but this time he's 
going back loaded for bear. When I asked about where he 
might go he started pulling elevation maps, aerial 
photographs, and honking great tomes from the Peabody Museum 
of Archaeology from his reinforced cordura satchel. He's 
serious.

Schallie is quite well spoken, and will talk for hours about 
his work and his impressions, and does so often at the 
artists' round table discussions Thursdays at the Railway 
Club. He may be reached there or at (604) 737-7035, or by 
Snailmail at 307-1345 West 15th Ave, Vancouver, B.C., 
Canada, V6H 3R3.

  - Kent Barrett, Vancouver, Canada


-- Deja Vu: Network Computer Technology --

From the perspective of students and scholars, network
computer technology offers the most challenging 
transformation of life in the last decade. From the point of 
view of the general public, it could be argued that network 
technology might soon rival the telephone and the answer 
phone, the fax machine, newspapers and television and 
especially, ordinary postal services, if it is made 
available to all.

Everyone can now send or receive electronic mail (e-mail) 
provided that they are registered and have an 
address. The address includes the person's log in name, the 
country, the institution or nature of work and name of the 
local host network. A typical address would look like this 
for someone doing academic work at Edinburgh University: 
username@uk.ac.ed.castle

This address enables the user to receive e-mail from around 
the world and to send e-mail to anyone who uses the network. 
The network serves as a telephone when you give the 'talk' 
command which divides the screen into two - one for 
receiving written 'talk' from the other terminal and one for 
sending written 'talk'. If the other person is not logged on 
at that particular moment, the computer will let you know 
immediately. Then you can leave a message as on an answer 
phone by sending an ordinary e-mail to the person.

The advantage of the e-mail over the answer phone is that 
the chances of a user failing to read the message is reduced 
because every time the user logs on, the computer will 
prompt with the enthusiastic message, 'You have new mail.' 
The shortcoming of the talk command is that, unlike answer 
phone which could be left on while you pretend that you are 
away or too busy, an invitation to talk can come through 
while you are in the middle of an urgent essay. Of course, 
you can refuse the invitation but your friend or colleague 
would always know that you were there.

Such shortcomings are compensated for by the fact that the 
written 'talk' and the e-mail cost students absolutely 
nothing whereas telephone bills and the cost of postage 
could drive foreign students and visiting scholars into 
isolation from friends and family. This means that students 
and scholars could make fantastic savings by e-mailing their 
letters, essays, occasional poems, quotes from books, urgent 
information, questionnaires or copies of voluminous 
manuscripts that could cost a fortune through the usual 
post. Network technology has increased the amount of 
communication between students, friends, colleagues and 
family. As Stephen Hawkins would say, this is a welcome 
development because we must keep talking to avoid the danger 
of not talking.

Equally interesting are the network news (nn, standing for 
'no news' is good news) services that are available on 
Internet (the international network). This is likely to 
seriously rival the dominance of the mass media over news. 
The advantage of 'nn' over both the print and the electronic 
media is that it is a combination of both. Already, there is 
an electronic publication called @ux(TeleTimes 
International) which is edited by a sixteen year old school 
boy in Canada. Writers, including Ph.D. holders and business 
executives, contribute well-informed articles from all over 
the world and readers can subscribe to @ux(TeleTimes) free 
of charge for the time being.

It is always exciting to read the news groups that are 
concerned with social and cultural, recreational, and 
miscellaneous issues. For example, misc.jobs.offered 
contains advertisements for jobs that might interest 
graduates, soc.culture.african provides a forum for the 
discussion of issues like football, female circumcision, 
political movements and the politics of race in Africa. 
Similarly, soc.feminism holds articles on sexual harassment, 
gender bias in advertising and feminist jurisprudence. 
Recreational news groups include rec.arts.poems, 
rec.music.reggae and rec.arts.cinema where readers catch up 
on gossip and chance upon some good quality posting. And 
misc.activism.progressive contains very serious articles 
from different leftist perspectives.

What is exciting about these articles is that the reader can 
respond immediately, line by line, and expect responses to 
his or her rejoinder. In this way, people who have never met 
get to know each other and even become friends or foes. 
Fortunately, the inclusion of articles in the news groups is 
moderated in such a way that offensive materials are edited 
out. But the moderators are not censors as such since they 
allow street language to surface in some of the exchanges 
that might appear rude while remaining light-hearted.

A key potential of the network computer technology is that 
it drags the carpet from the feet of dictators who would 
like to censor information and control the press. But this 
is an ambiguous potential in the sense that while the 
technology offers uncensored access to information, such 
information is accessible to dictators and the oppressed 
alike such that the later could be identified by the former 
through their posting. Similarly, the volume of information 
available on the network could be a form of control in 
disguise: it is so much that some people could get lost in 
the wilderness of facts, it is so much that distinguishing 
between the essential and the diversionary is not always 
easy.

Another disadvantage of the network is that computers are 
less accessible than newspapers, television sets, telephones 
and post offices. The advantage of the usual news media is 
that they have more experienced and better trained staff 
with widespread following while network computers are not 
easily accessible to the general public. Furthermore, the 
cost of subscribing to network news agencies that are not 
publicly accessible is so high that most students and 
scholars would continue to rely on street-corner news agents 
for information.

Even in universities where computer facilities are 
available, some students prefer to write their essays by 
hand and keep their distance from computer labs while some 
universities make network facilities accessible only to 
research students. If (network) computers are made 
accessible to everyone or almost everyone as is the case 
with the usual postal services, the energy costs might be 
too much for the environment to absorb. There are already 
worries that personal computers contribute too much to 
global warming and it is likely that universal network 
computing would deepen the energy crisis.

A related problem is that exposure to the computer screen 
for too long at a time could damage health. Thus many 
readers prefer to print out copies of the articles that they 
would like to read. This increases the concern of 
environmentalists who argue that this is a double drain on 
the environment; first energy is used up in computing and 
posting articles, then paper is excessively utilised for 
reading them. The answer that network readers can offer to 
the problem of excessive paper consumption is to make 
articles short and precise to reduce the time required for 
reading and to make sure that they recycle all the papers 
that they do not need to keep.

  - Biko Agozino, Edinburgh, Scotland


-- The Wine Enthusiast: Winemaking and the Environment --

Like most industries, the wine industry has been affected by 
environmental issues. Recently wineries have been forced to 
replace lead bottle capsules (the cap which covers the cork) 
with plastic or tin alternatives, for health and landfill 
waste reasons.

The most important impact that the production of wine has 
had on the environment however, is in the millions of acres 
of vineyard worldwide. Many of the lessons learned from the 
winegrape industry in the last decade are encouraging for 
the agriculture industry as a whole.

In the 1950's and ‘60's, agricultural advances promised to 
make grape growing more profitable by eliminating the 
effects of disease and pests, and increasing yield, quality, 
and lowering costs. Today it is evident that these 
objectives can best be achieved not through the dependence 
on pesticides, herbicides, fungicides, fertilizers and the 
like, but by employing more traditional, environmentally-
friendly techniques.

The old ideal vineyard was bare as a billiard table, kept 
free of weeds by the use of herbicides which after 
successive applications, essentially sterilized the soil and 
kept it weed-free, except for minor touch-ups. This is not 
ideal though, in terms of creating a healthy environment for 
the vines. Weeds or grass aerate the soil and allow water to 
be easily stored by the soil and allow rain to reach the 
roots. They prevent soil compaction by tractors and soil 
erosion on hillside vineyards. They also provide alternative 
food sources for vertebrate pests and form a natural home 
for indigenous insect predators. As well, a cover crop helps 
limit vigor of vines, which in New World vineyards is 
probably the biggest single cause of quality loss. If, 
rather than allowing weeds to flourish, the grower grows a 
cover crop of barley, mustard, or clover the growth can be 
plowed under for use as a natural, mild, fertilizer. 
Maintaining soil health, as opposed to neglecting it and 
then applying harsh vigor-inducing fertilizers, is a simple, 
inexpensive and sensible solution.

The old European adage, "where plows can go no vines should 
grow" also illustrates some of the problems New World 
growers have created for themselves. In the past, New World 
growers typically chose overly fertile sites for vines; this 
led to lower-quality grapes, and demanded far more 
intervention to be kept weed-free. Rocky, or poor soils are 
often ideal for deep rooted vines, but inhospitable to 
weeds.

Similarly, mildew, bunch rot and other fungal diseases are 
best treated with preventive measures, such as pulling 
excess foliage, limiting the number of clusters and hedging 
shoots, so that the grapes are well exposed to sun and air 
circulation. With a good preventive regimen, elemental 
sulphur need only be sprayed to keep the vines disease free. 
Sulphur is cheap and considered totally acceptable in 
organic growing. Unlike sulphur, expensive chemicals like 
sterile inhibitors, which are anti-fungal agents, become 
less effective after successive applications, because the 
diseases become resistant to the particular chemical. Like 
antibiotics, they must be used with restraint, or disease 
problems can be compounded. Just as in our health care 
system, growers have become hooked on chemicals which 
provide expensive, quick fixes, rather than long-term 
solutions.

Insect pests are far less troublesome in a balanced, well 
maintained vineyard, and can be usually controlled 
inexpensively during outbreaks with the release of ladybugs, 
spiders and other predators, rather than the wholesale 
killing of vineyard insects with pesticides - that kill 
predators as well as pests.

In California there has been a real swing back to 
traditional organic grape-growing. What is encouraging about 
this development is that it has been initiated not so much 
out of the marketing possibilities of cashing in on the 
‘90's fears and fixations with diet, or out of Political 
Correctness, but because it makes good, long-term financial 
sense. Preston Vineyards in Sonoma County and Fetzer in 
Mendocino County are leading the way. Their philosophy is 
that long-term care of their vines and soil will produce 
better wines and cost less to maintain.

The promise of 50's and 60's agro-technology—cheap, 
bountiful, disease-free winegrape growing, was a false 
promise, partly due to unforeseen economic shifts like the 
rising cost of petrochemicals. The promise was also false at 
the core, because it is only through limiting vine vigor and 
yield that quality winegrapes and great wines are produced. 
The best way to achieve these ends is to keep the vines 
balanced and healthy, through good site-selection and sound, 
traditional vineyard practices - that just happen to be 
environmentally sound as well.

  - Tom Davis, Vancouver, Canada


------------------------------------------------------------
NEXT MONTH
------------------------------------------------------------

Next month, What's News With You?. This topic is something 
I've always been interested in. News, from the point of view 
of the people who are experianing it. For instance, you can 
expect one of our Canadian writers to write about the recent 
elections. If you are interested in commenting on some major 
news or what you think should be news, please send us your 
articles! You can write to us for the Teletimes Writer's 
Guide.

Also, if you like to think of yourself as a good 
photographer, why not send us some of your work? Write to us 
and we'll send you the Teletimes Illustrator and 
Photographer's Guide.


------------------------------------------------------------
BIOGRAPHIES
------------------------------------------------------------

Biko Agozino
Biko has completed a Ph.D dissertation on "Black Women and 
the Criminal Justice System" in the Faculty of Law at the 
University of Edinburgh. He obtained a B.Sc. honours in 
Sociology from the University of Calabar and an M.Phil in 
Criminology from the University of Cambridge.

Surekha and Prasad Akella
Surekha and Prasad are in Japan on a two year sojourn from 
their home in the US. Surekha is a Pharmacologist between a 
Master's and a PhD; she is masquerading as an English 
teacher in Japan. Prasad is a Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering 
from Stanford and is working on the control of robots at 
MITI's National Mechanical Engineering Laboratory. Their 
common interests include people, photography and 
international travel. For the next few months, they will 
report on life in Japan, as  viewed through the eyes of 
Indian-Americans.

Kent Barrett
Kent is a Vancouver artist with over twenty years experience 
in photography. His work has been exhibited in galleries 
across Canada from Vancouver to St. John's, Newfoundland. He 
is currently working on his first nonfiction book "Bitumen 
to Bitmap", a history of photographic processes.

Paul Chapman
Originally born in England, Paul moved to Vancouver at age 9 
and quickly realized his parents had made the right choice. 
Although he loves Vancouver, his work as a reporter and 
editor has given him the desire to work in other countries 
around the world which he will hopefully accomplish once the 
economy picks up.

Tom Davis
Tom is a wine maker who lives and works in Vancouver, 
Canada. A former brewmaster, a painter and amateur (in the 
truest sense) film maker. Currently a Philosophy 
undergraduate at Simon Fraser University, Tom seeks to start 
his own vineyard.

Prasad Dharmasena
Prasad is a Solid State Electrical Engineer turned into a 
C++ programmer who works at the Federal Reserve Board in 
Washington, DC. He has been known to take decent photographs 
when the phase of the moon is right. Though he was born in 
Sri Lanka, he cannot play Cricket. He enjoys playing Frisbee 
beside his favorite temple, the Lincoln Memorial.

Paul L. Gribble
Born in Cape Town, South Africa but raised in Vancouver, 
B.C., Paul completed his B.Sc. in Cognitive Science at 
Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario. After spending the 
summer in Japan working for a high technology research 
company, he started his graduate studies in Cognitive 
Science at McGill University in Montreal, this September.

David A. Lewis
David is a desktop publisher, and enjoys exploring the 
things that a "Mac" can do. David has worked as a chef, 
musician, salesman, and holds degrees in Business 
Administration & Psychology. Raised in northern B.C., David 
has enjoyed living in Vancouver since Expo '86.

Anand Mani
Anand is a Vancouver, Canada-based corporate communications 
consultant serving an international clientele. Originally an 
airbrush artist, his painting equipment has been languishing 
in a closet, replaced by the Mac. It waits for the day when 
“that idea” grips him by the throat, breathily says, “Paint 
Me” and drags him into the studio— not to be seen for 
months. 

Michael Matsunaga
Michael is a devoted student to coffee houses and late night 
studying for a major in Criminal Justice at the University 
of Illinois at Chicago. He hopes to attend Law School next 
year. Michael’s interests include: Spanish guitar, 
traveling, the Gypsy Kings, Marillion, biking, exploring and 
writing.

Motamarri Saradhi
Motamarri has lived in Singapore for two and half years. He 
spent the earlier portion of his life in his motherland, 
India. He received his degree in Civil Engg from REC, 
Warangal, and Masters degree in Transportation Systems Engg 
from IIT, Kanpur, India. He likes music, lyrics, literature, 
sociolizing, travel. 

Dr. Michael Schreiber
32 years ago, born near Salzburg, Gemini Michael 
reconstructs social and business realities as self-similar 
competitive environments at the Department of Marketing at 
the Vienna University for economics and business 
administration.

Andreas Seppelt
Andreas is a former Economist with Transport Canada, now 
consulting in Business Communications and Marketing. He has 
spent a number of years undergoing formal graduate study and 
research in Economic Development and International Trade. He 
currently lives and works in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Dr. Euan R. Taylor
Euan is doing postdoctoral research in a plant biology 
department. His hobbies are the Chinese and Spanish 
languages, jogging, hiking, writing and playing Ultimate. He 
has traveled to Iceland (scientific expedition), China, 
Taiwan and Indonesia.

Seth Theriault
A native of Lexington, Massachusetts, Seth Theriault is 
currently a student at Washington University in St. Louis. 
He tries to get good grades, but he tends to procrastinate. 
When he isn't studying, he enjoys sports, computers, and 
doing something other than studying.

Ian Wojtowicz
Ian is currently enrolled in the International Baccalaurate 
program at a Vancouver high school. His interests include 
fencing, running large projects (like Teletimes) and 
sleeping in. He was born in 1977 in Halifax. He has since 
lived in Nigeria, Hong Kong and Ottawa and travelled with 
his parents to numerous other locations.


------------------------------------------------------------
Reader Response Card
------------------------------------------------------------

If you enjoy reading Teletimes and would like to see it 
continue to bring you great electronic articles, please fill 
out this card, print it and mail it to:

  Teletimes Response Card
  3938 West 30th Ave.
  Vancouver, BC, V6S 1X3
  Canada

You may also e-mail it to: ianw@wimsey.com or post it in the 
Onenet conference "International Teletimes".

Name:_______________________________________________________

Age:______     Sex:______

Address:____________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

E-mail address:_____________________________________________

Computer type:______________________________________________

Occupation:_________________________________________________

Hobbies, interests:_________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

Other electronic publications you have read:________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

Number of people you know who have read Teletimes:__________

Comments:___________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________

____________________________________________________________
