 
                                   Airlines

  Did an airline ever lose your luggage?

  Arrange to have a friend meet you at the terminal gate when you deplane.
Give your friend your baggage claim checks and have him/her retrieve your bags
from the carousel, then leave the baggage area with your bags.  Before your
friend leaves the airport with your luggage, be sure to get your claim checks
back.  Then, you saunter over to the baggage area, spend half an hour waiting
for your bags.  Ask some clerks for help, then report your "missing" luggage,
showing your claim checks as proof.  Very few flights ever have a clerk
actually check the baggage and collect claim checks. It's foolish, but they
don't.  Make a polite, but firm scene and demand satisfaction.  Normally, the
airline people will have you fill out a form and they will attempt to find
your luggage.  Obviously, they won't find it.  Bug them some...write them
letters.  Soon, you should get a good settlement from the airline.  Don't try
to pull this one on the same airline more than once!

  Leaving the airlines and aiming for the individual mark, you can do a lot of
personal damage.  For instance, if you find your mark is going to use airline
travel, you could call and cancel the reservations.

  You might try to slip a couple rounds of pistol ammunition or a switchblade
in to your mark's pocket just before he goes through the metal detector at the
airport terminal. You could also slip some drugs into his pocket at the same
time.  Read a book on pick pocketing to note the technique for doing this.
It's quite easy.  Leave accurate-looking, but totally bogus hijack scenario
plans, bomb diagrams, or orders of battle for terrorist attacks in airport
bars and restrooms.  This fires up both the rent-a-cops and the real security
people.  The security delays and resultant hassles with passengers create
unhappy people who are angry at airports and airlines.  Naturally, the blame
for these plans must focus on your mark.  If he has really been bugging you
it's about time to get even!