-----------------
[Ctrl-S pauses/Space=quit]

Uploaded By: KEVIN FLYNN




+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
+                                     +
+         How to Kill Birds           +
+                                     +
+         By:phsycotic student        +
+                                     +
+         With help from:             +
+         B. Darling                  +
+         and MacGyver                +
+                                     +
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++


 Ever been bothered by birds dumping
on you or your property? Or are you 
just plain phsycotic( like me )?
If so then read on..........




Exploding Birds
---------------

To make a bird explode you just put 
liquid plumr or draino on a piece of 
bread (anything will do but it has to
soak it up).Place the bread where birds
can get to it (and eat it).After a bird
has eaten the bread it (the bird) will
promptly explode!

How it works
------------

The liquid plumr,draino,reacts with the
intesinal juices of the bird's stomach
producing large amouts of gas.Since 
the bird cannot belch it out fast 
enough,it's stomach explodes.



Bird kites
----------

My science teacher once told me of a 
friend of his(now dead) that made bird
kites.He took a piece of bread (or 
whatever is handy) and put it on a
fishing line with a hook on the end
(like you do witha fish) and went 
fishing for birds.He cast it up in the
air.When a bird grabbed it,he had a 
kite!


This stuff is pretty sadistic and mean
so watch out for animal lovers when you
do this.


+++++++++++++Have Fun!+++++++++++++++++


---------------------------------------

Enter (1-26, M=Menu, Q=Quit) :