
 °°°°°°Ü °°Ü °°°ÜÜ°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü       °°°°°°Ü °°Ü °°°ÜÜ°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü
 °°Ûß°°Û °°Û °°Û°°Û°°Û °°Ûßßßß        ß°°Ûßß °°Û °°Û°°Û°°Û °°Ûßßßß °°Ûßßßß
 °°°°°Ûß °°Û °°Û ßß°°Û °°°°°Ü          °°Û   °°Û °°Û ßß°°Û °°°°°Ü  °°°°°°Ü
 °°Ûß°°Ü °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°Ûßßß          °°Û   °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°Ûßßß   ßßß°°Û
 °°Û °°Û °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°°°°°Ü         °°Û   °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°°°°°Ü °°°°°°Û
  ßß  ßß  ßß  ßß    ßß  ßßßßßß          ßß    ßß  ßß    ßß  ßßßßßß  ßßßßßß
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
DECEMBER    RELAYNET INTERNATIONAL MESSAGE EXCHANGE NEWSLETTER         1991
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Table of Contents
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Article#             Subject                       Author

         1        Editors Corner                      Michael Brunk
                                                       Node ID ->CSPACE
         2        Conference News                     James Wall
                                                       Node ID ->DREAM
         3        Looking for Love...                 Mark Adams
                                                       Node ID ->PARTY
         4        RIME for the Computer Illiterate    Del Freeman
                                                       Node ID ->TELEPHNE
         5        Publishing with RIME and Reason     Juanita Cusic
                                                       Node ID ->TELEPHNE
         6        Atypical Terminations               Brian Lee
                                                       Node ID ->THEHUB
         7        Notices
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
 1 - EDITORS CORNER by Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Did anyone notice there wasn't a November edition of RIME Times?  Didn't
get any mail over it so I supposed not!  After some thought I decided to
'slide' the publication date back 15 days so that we start releasing each
issue on the 1st of the month instead of the 15th.  Rather than publish a
November issue and then have to publish the December issue 15 days later I
just skipped Novembers.  Hope no one minds!

This issue is going to be a pretty good one!  We've recieved some excellent
submissions from out contributing writers.  We've also gotten a good number
of survey responses now.  I'm pleased to say that ALL that we recieved were
positive.  Several people did ask that we try to publish more interviews of
people who are 'famous' in the world of BBSing and in RIME.  This will be a
focus going into 1992 and we WILL deliver!

Before we continue with this issue, let me take an opportunity to say that
I hope you had an excellent Thanksgiving and wish all the best to you and
yours for the rest of the holiday season!  Included with this month's RIME
Times you'll find RIMEXMAS.COM, an electronic greeting card from us to you,
crude perhaps but it's the thought that counts!

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
2 - CONFERENCE NEWS by Jim Wall, Node ID ->DREAM
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

The following new conferences are now available:

NAME:         POW/MIA INFORMATION MESSAGE CENTER
NUMBER:       64
DESCRIPTION:  This conference is dedicated to all POW/MIA's from all of the
              wars.  The purpose is to provide information to anyone who is
              interested in efforts to put pressure on the Local, State and
              Federal Governments to help bring them home. Messages are
              limited to 10 lines, including quoting. Courtesy-only
              messages are encouraged and general discussion is
              discouraged.  Maybe this will help prevent this from
              happening again!  Please pray for their safe return.
HOSTS:        Ted Bouzounis  Node ID ->OLYMPIC Joni Bouzounid Node ID
              ->OLYMPIC

NAME:         MAILDOOR VENDORS
NUMBER:       102
DESCRIPTION:  This conference is for the various Maildoor Authors to
              discuss their products.  It deals with the support and
              development of various maildoors and utilities.
HOST:         To Be Announced

The following conference has changed in scope:

              Conference 276 has a name change.  It was previously JIMMER
              and is now RBBSQWK. The description is: Support of all
              RBBS.QWK mail doors.  Hosted by the author of JIMMER.


The following text covers the updated guidelines for requesting new
conferences on RIME:

          RULES, PROCEDURES FOR PROPOSING A NEW CONFERENCE ON RIME

1) Send a message to the Conference Coordinator (James Wall Node DREAM) in
   Common or Network Administration, stating that you would like to start a
   conference.  The following must be listed in this initial message.

   A. The name of the conference.
   B. What the conference will encompass.
   C) The name of the proposed Conference Host.

2) Upon receipt of the message the Conference Coordinator will discuss with
   the Steering Committee the feasibility of the conference and will inform
   you if you may scout for participation in this conference.

3) If permission is given to scout for participation, the Conference
   Coordinator will inform you.

   A. The Conference Coordinator will assign to you a "Scout Number". This
      number MUST be used on all messages from you requesting participation
      in your proposed conference.  Any message requesting participation
      that does not contain this scout number should not be answered.  If
      an incorrect scout number is used the Conference Coordinator or a
      Member of the Steering Committee, will inform everyone that this is
      not an authorized scout.
   B. You are allowed to send out scout messages in 5 conferences of your
      choice.  You will inform the Conference Coordinator the 5 conferences
      in which you will be scouting.
   C. You will then have the responsibility of acquiring the required
      number of nodes and hubs that will guarantee that they will carry
      this conference.  At present the required number is 15 Nodes, 5 of
      which must be Hubs, with No node that carries all of the conferences.
      PLEASE BE AWARE THAT EACH  HUB HAS A NODE DIRECTLY UNDER IT THAT IS
      THE SYSOPS BOARD.  YOU "CANNOT" USE BOTH THE HUB AND THE NODE IN YOUR
      COUNT!  YOU MUST SELECT ONE OF THESE WHICH WILL BE USED. (For
      example: HUBDC is a hub which has as its node DREAM, which is the
      sysops board).  You may use one of these but not both. YOU "CANNOT"
      USE IN YOUR COUNT ANY NODE THAT TAKES ALL OF THE PUBLIC CONFERENCES
      ON RIME.  You should make sure the sysop knows this when he
      guarantees his node. You should save all confirmation messages sent
      to you, so that you can later send them to the Conference
      Coordinator.

                ""PLEASE SEE RULES FOR SCOUTING BELOW""

4) Once the required number of nodes and hubs has been obtained, you should
   send a Private, Routed message to the Conference Coordinator, listing
   the nodes and the hubs that have guaranteed they will take the
   conference and the names of the sysops if each node and hub.  You must
   also at this time send to the Conference Coordinator copies of all
   confirmation messages that have been sent to you stating that the node
   or hub guarantees they will carry the conference.

5) Once the Conference Coordinator has this information, the list will be
   checked for accuracy and will be also checked to make sure all
   requirements have been met.  Another brief discussion between the
   Conference Coordinator and the Steering Committee will ensue and
   normally the conference will be entered on the next release of the
   conference list.  The Conference Coordinator will inform you as to
   exactly when the conference will go up.

                  "RULES FOR SCOUTING FOR PARTICIPANTS"

(A) Get Scout Number from James Wall of DREAM

(B) Pick 5 Conferences and you can only advertise your new conference
    proposal in those 5 conferences.

(C) You may post (1) advertisement message per week for (4) weeks in your
    (5) conferences.

(D) You may always feel free to answer questions or requests concerning
    your conference proposal, but this must be a dialog, not another
    advertisement.

(E) If you do not have the required number of Nodes and Hubs in the (4)
    weeks allocated, you may not post again.  You may request this
    conference again in (4) months.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
3 - LOOKING FOR LOVE IN ALL THE WRONG PLACES by Mark Adams, Node ID ->PARTY
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

When I found the RelayNet network, I wondered where it had been all my
life. I had just moved to Scranton, PA from southern New Hampshire,
relocating closer to family. I had been a single father for about nine
years and had about given up on finding a mother for my son. We had
acquired a computer about a year before and a modem was one of the first
additions. I had gone through the usual route of most new modem users, join
a commercial network or two, downloading many files, some useful, many not,
playing some games, etc. Most of the boards I called in the "early years"
had some message sections, but I never really got into them.

Before I even moved to Scranton, I looked through the Bulletin Board ads in
the Computer Shopper and found a listing for a BBS called "The Outer
Perimeter". Unfortunately, by the time I had moved in, the local phone
company was out on strike! I had to wait over a month before they would
finally come out to install my phone line. Within hours of the connection,
I was on-line with The Outer Perimeter. I obtained BBS numbers from that
system and logged onto some other local boards. When I was granted access,
I picked up where I had left off. It didn't take me too long to find the
message section, though.

At first I was reading one or two conferences on-line. I soon found that
that practice was taking a lot of my time. I had a brainstorm (or maybe it
was just a sunshower?). I called and set up my communications program to
open a capture file. I went in and read the messages in the conferences I
wanted, but set it up for NS (non-stop) read. After I logged off, I read
the messages using LIST, making notes of which ones I wanted to reply to. I
logged back on and selected those messages by number and replied on-line. I
knew there had to be a better way. Soon I learned about off-line readers.

Once I got set up with an off-line reader, I was hooked! I set it up for
several conferences and had a ball reading and replying. I asked the SysOp
to pick up the Racing conference and was active in there. I read the Tech
conference daily, learning what I could, and eventually became the co-host
in that conference. When I requested the UPLINK conference, though, I
really learned what the network was all about!

People seemed so friendly right off the bat. I started conversations with
several users all over the country. It was all very free-form. We covered a
multitude of subjects and there was no end to the laughter and fun we were
all having. Everything was on a superficial level, it seemed like a place
to let your hair down and be who you wanted to be. Many of us became as
close to friends as you could get in this type of medium. When one had a
problem, others would be there to support them and give moral support.

It was just such an innocent occasion that led to something very
unexpected. A young lady by the name of Susie Peterson was always the "life
of the party". She seemed to be going through some rough times, so I
offered my address and phone number if she wanted to talk to an "unbiased
friend". She also sensed that things were not going overly well in my life.

One day, I called OUTER, as usual, and got a news bulletin in the opening
screen that the system had taken a lightning hit and the HD bit the "big
one". The SysOp was pulling the plug and calling it quits with BBSing. I
was devastated! I felt like all of my best friends had suddenly died. I was
in a state of shock. I realized I *could* call a long-distance BBS that
carried RIME, but as I was unemployed, it was financially unfeasible.

As if by magic, or ESP, or fate, or whatever you choose to call it, that
night Susie called me. She said I had sounded a little depressed lately in
my messages. I hadn't really thought so, but I suppose it was possible. I
explained what had happened and asked her to say my farewells to the rest
of the conference and tell them I would return when possible. I also asked
her to inform the host of Tech that I was unavailable for a while, but to
hold my position open if possible. She said she would do that for me and we
talked for a short time about my life and hers. She lived in Memphis, TN
and things were quite a bit different from the northeast, where I was born
and raised. She said she had sent me a letter via "Land Mail".

Now, I was not much of a letter writer. I think the last time I had written
a letter was when I was in college, well over a dozen years prior to then,
and that was usually because I was homesick or broke! Anyway, I got her
letter within a couple of days, and forced myself to reply to it. It seemed
the polite thing to do. We started off with the general information type
letters, "What do you like to do?", What kind of music do you like?", "What
types of outdoor activities do you like?", etc. Neither one of us ever
expected anything more than a pen- pal type of relationship.

She wrote back to me, I wrote back to her, etc. She called again a couple
of weeks later and we talked a bit longer. We continued to write to each
other and talk on occasion. I indicated that I was going to have to move
elsewhere to find a job in my field. We briefly talked about me moving to
Memphis, until I realized just how far south it was! I had never lived
below the Mason-Dixon Line. I dismissed the idea almost immediately. We did
continue to write, though.

I ended up moving in with my sister for a couple of months while I looked
for a job outside the area. I figured I could travel to other places easier
if she could watch my son for me for a few days at a time, if need be.
Meanwhile, my correspondence with Susie seemed to be on the increase. I was
getting (and writing!) several letters a week! We would talk about every
other week. Soon we were discussing the same ideas about moving to Memphis
again. It was getting more difficult to come up with valid reasons for not
doing it.

Within two months of her first letter/phonecall to me, I had decided to
give it a shot. I had a few loose ends I wanted to tie up before I could
leave PA, and wanted my son to finish at least the first marking period at
school. We set up a tentative date for a few weeks leter and it was waiting
time. The letters were flying almost daily by then, and the phonecalls were
lasting several hours as we got to know each other as well as we could
before we actually met. I took care of what I had to around there and got
my car in shape for the trip.

Finally, the day of my departure arrived. Nov. 9th, 1990. I rented a U-Haul
trailer (ending up with the largest one they had!), loaded it and my car up
with the essentials (computer, stereos, gas grill, many boxes loaded with
clothes, tools, papers, books, etc.) and still had so much room left that I
put whatever else I could fit in it. The rest of my stuff is still in
storage in PA. I said my good-byes to my aunt and uncle and sister, filled
up the gas tank, studied my maps and took off for parts unknown.

The trip was fairly uneventful. I soon learned that the trailer had a mind
of it's own and wanted to direct my car where it wanted to go. I went up
hills quite slowly and found that I had to go down the other side slowly as
well. The trailer wanted to pull the back of the car to one side or the
other and I had a death-grip on the steering wheel in sheer panic! I just
decided to take it slowly and the trip was going to take a little longer
than I had planned. We stayed over-night in Virginia, somewhere, and
resumed our trek in the morning. We drove all day, stopping only for gas
and meals. I had never realized just how long a state Tennessee is! It took
about 12 hours just to traverse the state end to end with the trailer.

At long last, we arrived in Memphis about 2:00 a.m. Susie met us at a local
7-11 store and we met for the first time! The kids (my 10 year old son and
her 9 year old daughter) got to know each other when we got "home". They
sat up talking for a while. I was exhausted, but was still wired from the
trip. After a good 12 hour sleep I had to unload the trailer. I put
everything in the garage for the time being. I had time to set things up
within the next few days.

One of the first things to be set up, of course, was the computer. I called
"The PartyLine", the RIME node Susie had been on when we met, and set up my
account here. I contacted the host of Tech and let him know I was back. I
re-joined my friends in UPLINK, and found many new names, but quite a few
familiar ones. I felt right at home.

Over the past year, we've gotten to know each other and things have gone
exceedingly well, beyond our wildest dreams. The kids get along like
brother and sister (fighting constantly). I had found a job after the
Christmas holidays and am about to start a new job. Susie has been going to
school and will graduate in December. Things look rosey. I've had a visit
from my sister over the summer and a friend was down for a weekend last
May. I've gotten to know several people (mostly SysOps and users) through
the local boards and from work. We had several of the UPLINK members down
for the 4th of July weekend (see my article in the July '91 RIME Times).

Now that we've survived almost a year together, we've come to a major
decision, one which will affect our lives from here on out ... WE'RE
GETTING MARRIED!!!! Thursday November 7th, at about 8:00 p.m., we're going
to make everything legal. It will be a small ceremony here at the house
with just a few friends and family (mostly hers) in attendance.

We would like to take this opportunity to thank the management and SysOps
of RIME for the very existence of the network, without which we never would
have met. A special thanks to Howard and Bonnie, to Jeff Wolfe (the SysOp
of the former node Outer Perimeter) and to Mike Glenn (SysOp of PartyLine).
Thank you all!

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
4 - RIME FOR THE COMPUTER ILLITERATE by Del Freeman, Node ID ->TELEPHNE
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Once upon a time my hard-drive crashed. Such a loss is a lot like your best
friend's mind. Once it's gone - it's gone, Jack. There is nothing for it
but to have her committed and buy her some nice variegated yarn loops and a
pot holder frame.

I rushed next door and used my neighbor's computer to post frantic messages
to RIME, describing our dilemma.

"The thing blinked once and expired, quick and painless for all except me,"
I wrote.

The message came back that the odds of this happening are like 496,773,081
and one-half to one, but I could have told them it would happen to me. I
mean, it's no accident that my air conditioners break down every summer and
I have a drawer full of watches wound way past sproinnnnggg. I always
figured it was some kind of Japanese conspiracy, or a curse, or something.

The truth is things have always been a problem for me, particularly things
that are supposed to do something. Electric things always confound me.
Actually, anything more complex than an abaacus and a stone tablet confuses
me. I once bought a brand new microwave that worked for less than 30 days.
The company kindly replaced it with another that did the same thing. The
third worked a little longer, but expired before it was six months old and
I didn't have the nerve to ask for a fourth.

I don't understand electricity anyway. I can't see it and I don't trust it.
Something as simple as a toaster can send me into culture shock for a week.
Electric things seem to have a built-in microchip programmed to go for my
jugular. I don't care what anyone says - I believe they can smell the fear!

Anyway, off I went to get a back-up computer and, while I was at it, a
back-up printer, (figuring that would be next to go.) It would look over,
see the old computer just sitting idly, enjoying the sunshine and say,
"That's for me," I figured. A spare couldn't hurt, I decided.

Foolishly, I thought a back-up printer would be a relatively simple thing
to buy, and didn't ask anybody on RIME about this. I'd go to the computer
store, give them money, and they'd give me a printer I thought.

Hardly.

First, you have to know which way your computer talks - straight (serial),
or sideways (parallel). Then you have to have a card to match, or not to
match, (I was never sure).

I went to Honest Phranks Phriendly Computer Sale and Bowling Shoe Emporium,
where I darn near starved to death while the salesman and I tried to get my
supposedly-repaired computer to talk to a printer - any printer. I ate all
the old mints in the bottom of my purse, and then I ate the salesman's
grapes.

Three hours later there I sat in the middle of the floor, surrounded by an
ever-enlarging crowd of hecklers, still trying to get the computer to talk
to a printer. "Prin-ting," it kept saying, spitting out something that
looked worse than what the dog gave up. "Prin-ting," it trilled, and gave
me some more garbage. I kicked it. "Prin-ting," it insisted, giving me what
appeared to be chicken tracks.

Finally, I packed up the repaired computer, tucked it in the back seat and
slunk off to the nearest restaurant, where I left the computer in an
unlocked car with a sign that said, "Steal me. Please."

I came back to find it sitting there, smug and self- satisfied, and I had
no choice but to take it home where I plugged it in.

"Albatross," it flashed. "Lemon," it taunted. "Ha, Ha," it blinked.

"Syntax error, does not compute, you can't get there from here, bozo," it
relayed in rapid order.

Then it brought up a graphic and stuck its tongue out at me.

I threw it in the closet from which a faint green glow emerges til yet, and
I put up a new message on my trusty RIME network.

"Anybody know where to get a stone tablet?"

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
5 - PUBLISHING WITH RIME AND REASON by Juanita Cusic, Node ID ->TELEPHNE
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

A.C. Aarbus Publishing Inc. produces a monthly collection of fiction short
stories, and will soon begin a like publication of science fiction stories.
Aarbus produces the magazines at no cost, and publishes for pennies, or
less, a day. It's principals, Patsy Sauls and Del and David Freeman,
couldn't be happier.

The two women originally completed what they felt was a salable novel,
began work on a sequel and continued to turn out short stories and
regularly submit them for publication. Del, a former reporter, switched to
freelance writing and bought a modem, and Patsy followed suit. As their
rejections slips piled up, and months passed before they got any word on
their novel, their frustration increased proportionately with their
determination to publish.

With the discovery of the fertile field of bulletin boards for their
stories and books, they incorporated and began publishing Ruby's Pearls
Elecmag, a monthly short fiction magazine. With Ruby's Pearls now in its
third volume, they are adding a second short fiction magazine, Short
Shorts, and plan to begin a third in 1992, On The Edge, which will be
devoted to science fiction short stories.

Del's husband, David, compiles the magazine and uploads it to an
ever-widening circle of bulletin boards. He found hypertext programs on
various boards throughout the country, and experimented until he found the
correct combination to pull the stories into a magazine format. Then, he
uploaded the magazine to computer information services such as Genie and
CompuServe, and a number of independent boards across the U.S. and Canada.

The three have found the RIME relay network tremendously helpful, they say,
both in getting the word out about their magazine(s) and in getting
feedback on their venture. They also regularly employ RIME to solicit
manuscripts and seek new boards to increase their distribution, David said.

"My father, also an avid reader, commented to me recently that the quality
of paperbacks has fallen in direct proportion to their rising price, and I
had to agree," Del said. It was David's idea to do something about that by
publishing electronically, she said.

Electronic publishing is a relatively unknown offshoot of BBSing, but one
that promises to expand as more and more PC owners discover the ease of
tapping into entertainment at their fingertips via their home computer.
Some statistics indicate that of the 100 million computers on desks in
America, fully half are in private homes, and sales continue at an
approximate 20 million yearly.

While hard-copy costs in publicity and manufacture increase, Aarbus incurs
an approximate $50 per month in costs of uploading, and is not only viable
but preferable, its principals say, in that it frees the writer to publish
at will and conserves natural resources with its "paperless" format.

"There are a number of fine writers out there who aren't discovered because
the professional readers of publishing concerns apparently don't have the
time or interest to review their work," Patsy said. "If you're not Stephen
King or Danielle Steel, and you have the desire to write and be read, you
have to find another way. For us, and a lot of other frustrated writers,
this is it."

The Aarbus principals believe it is only a matter of time before hard-copy
editors and publishers become aware of the magnitude of good original work
available on bulletin boards.

"Computers and such communication outlets as RIME truly represent
liberation for the writer in each of us, and provide the method to compile,
disseminate and get feedback in a timely and economic fashion," David said.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
6 - ATYPICAL TERMINATIONS by Brian Lee, Node ID ->THEHUB
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

As we close the Thanksgiving season and swing into the Christmas season,
it's only fitting that we close this issue of the RIME Times with a
different type of Thanksgiving feast.  I selected somewhat different
taglines from recent RIME messages for you to mull over.  The person's
names belong to the author of the messages from which these were captured.
However, these persons are not necessarily the originators of the taglines.

The following eight taglines are the cranberry sauce of messages; they're
not necessary, but enhance and spice the meat of the messages.  Bon
appetit!

1.  Daniel Cuba     ->BECBBS
 þ SLMR 2.0 þ This is your pizza.  ÂÆ¸$ ³S §â zzà ÓÙÅÌ» ¦ü×èvîs

2.  Greg Birosh     ->PROCYON
 þ MegaMail 2.10 #1142:Paint a baboon's butt; leave no stern untoned.

3.  Jim Ross        ->PUMA
 þ MegaMail 2.10 #0:PUT THE COMPUTER DOWN, HONEY..I'm quitting NOW!

4.  John House      ->CHEVY
 þ SLMR 2.0 þ Radioactive halibut will make fission chips

5.  Dave Childers   ->ROUND
 þ DeLuxeý 1.1 #248sa þ If you think education is costly, try ignorance

6.  Dennis Craig    ->OMAHANET
 þ MegaMail 2.10 #0:Syntax? Why not, they tax everything else

7.  Art Brown       ->DTODAY  (host of the DENTAL conference)
 þ SFMail 2.2  #S119 ¯  Little Pearls In A Sea Of Saliva
                         ....Brush'em, Floss'em, Keep'em!

8.  Ken Manuel      ->BLUHORIZ
 þ MegaMail 2.10 #268úA chicken is an egg's way of producing more eggs.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
7 - NOTICES
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

The RIME Times staff is now maintaining the newsletter AUTOSEND list. If
you are a RelayNet node and would like the newsletter sent to your board
automatically each month send a message to Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE.
Please check to see if your hub will AUTOSEND it to avoid duplication.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Current listing of Bulletin Board software participating in RelayNet:

    SpitFire            GAP         TriTel
    QuickBBS            GT Power
    Remote Access       MajorBBS
    PCBoard/ProDoor     dBBS
    RBBS                EIS
    Wildcat!            UltraBBS

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

To make life easier for the editors, the following submission guidelines
are suggested:

1) To be included in the current month newsletter all articles must be
submitted by the 15th of the month.

2) A routed private message in either the COMMON is acceptable.  Please
address and route to: Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE.

3) Your name as used on RIME.

4) Your node id if you are a RIME sysop or your "home" board id if you
are a RIME user.

5) Any special instructions.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The following is a list of "Who's Who" in RelayNet:

Steering Committee

  Bonnie Anthony      RUNNINGA
  Howard Belasco      RUNNINGB
  Mike Glenn          PARTY
  Rex Hankins         IBMNET
  JThomas Howell      MORE

Conference related

  Paul Hileman        BAYOU          Conference Liason (handles all
                                     intra-conference problems)
  Rick Kingslan       OMAHANET       Marketing Coordinator (PR)
  James Wall          DREAM          New Conference Manager
  To Be Announced                    Statistician

Auto send lists

  Bonnie Anthony      RUNNINGA       Nodes listing (RIME.ZIP)
  Michael Brunk       CSPACE         RIME Times (RIMEmmyy.ZIP)
  Roger Sligar        TRP            Conference list (CONFLST.ZIP)
  James Wall          DREAM          Conference list (RIMECONF.ZIP)

(Special thanks to Patrick Lee for suggesting and compiling this list.  And
for maintaining it although he isn't aware of that yet <g>.)

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RIME Times is published monthly by the membership of RelayNet
International Message Exchange as its official newsletter.  Users and
Sysops are encouraged to contribute. Submissions and questions may be
directed to the editor Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE.

(c)Copyright 1991, The RelayNet International Message Exchange.  Permission
is hereby granted for unlimited distribution and duplication,  provided
such distribution and duplication are strictly for non-commercial purposes
only.  All other rights reserved.  RelayNet and RIME are registered
trademarks.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
