
 °°°°°°Ü °°Ü °°°ÜÜ°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü       °°°°°°Ü °°Ü °°°ÜÜ°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü °°°°°°Ü
 °°Ûß°°Û °°Û °°Û°°Û°°Û °°Ûßßßß        ß°°Ûßß °°Û °°Û°°Û°°Û °°Ûßßßß °°Ûßßßß
 °°°°°Ûß °°Û °°Û ßß°°Û °°°°°Ü          °°Û   °°Û °°Û ßß°°Û °°°°°Ü  °°°°°°Ü
 °°Ûß°°Ü °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°Ûßßß          °°Û   °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°Ûßßß   ßßß°°Û
 °°Û °°Û °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°°°°°Ü         °°Û   °°Û °°Û   °°Û °°°°°°Ü °°°°°°Û
  ßß  ßß  ßß  ßß    ßß  ßßßßßß          ßß    ßß  ßß    ßß  ßßßßßß  ßßßßßß
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
JULY        RELAYNET INTERNATIONAL MESSAGE EXCHANGE NEWSLETTER         1991
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                             Table of Contents
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
      Article#             Subject                       Author

         1            Editors Corner                  Michael Brunk
                                                       Node ID ->CSPACE
         2            Conference News                 Dan Deady
                                                       Node ID ->PGHS
         3            Blipverts                       Mike Gunderloy
                                                       Node ID ->ALBANY
         4            I Got 'Dem Upgrade Blues! #1    Derry Nelson
                                                       Node ID ->ELEVEN
         5            RIME Rocks in Dallas            Keith Personett
                                                       Node ID ->GUILD
         6            RIME Rumors                     Michael Brunk
                                                       Node ID ->CSPACE
         7            Uplink'ers Gather in Memphis    Mark Adams
                                                       Node ID ->PARTY
         8            Poetry Corner                   Randy Noseworthy
                                                       Node ID ->EDISON
         9            Review:  GENBULL V1.32          Michael Brunk
                                                       Node ID ->CSPACE
        10            RelayNet BBS Highlight

        11            Notices
--------------------------------------------------------------------------

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
 1 - EDITORS CORNER by Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Welcome to July!  By now the celebrations are over but I hope you all had a
wonderful (and safe) 4th.  We managed to scrape together enough submissions
to go to press but it was close this month.  We can only continue to be
successful with the help of you, the reader!  Your contributions in the
form of stories and ideas are crucial to our ability to publish each month.
Send those submissions in!

By the way, I just took a count and 'RIME Times' is being automatically
distributed to 199 bulletin boards each month via the network.  I'm sure
there are many more who recieve it indirectly.  Not bad!

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
2 - CONFERENCE NEWS by Dan Deady, Node ID ->PGHS
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

Changes:

69   -   MYSTERY  is now hosted by Edwin Albetski ->NETEAST
                               and Charlie Duncan  ->AQUILA

241  -   ANIME    new node ID for Michael C.Ling  ->RUNNINGB

256  -   CANADIAN is now hosted by Mike Adamson ->WINDSOR during
                               Harv Welch's absence

Additions:

NAME:         NETMAIL OFFLINE
NUMBER:       264
DESCRIPTION:  This conference is dedicated to discussion surrounding
              the various formats used in BBS networking and offline
              mail reading.  The purpose of the conference is to
              explore the basic operating techniques and features of
              existing networking/offline reader software and possibly
              working toward a "standard" that could incorporate the
              best of those features.  Authors, Administrators, Sysops
              and Users are all encouraged to express their ideas
              here.  Constructive criticism and/or suggestions are
              welcome.
HOSTS:        Jude Saucier  Node ID ->PUMA
              Dennis McCunney  Node ID ->RUNNINGB
ACTIVITY:     * NEW * Date: 07/03/91

NAME:         CORELDRAW GRAPHICS
NUMBER:       265
DESCRIPTION:  Conference for Windows graphic drawing and art programs
              including Corel Draw, Micrographix Designer, Arts &
              Letters and Aldus for Windows.  Exchange of ideas, needs,
              and comments regarding the use and operation of these
              programs.
HOST:         Joe Rotello  Node ID ->PREMIER
ACTIVITY:     * NEW * Date: 07/03/91

NAME:         WINDOWS BASIC
NUMBER:       266
DESCRIPTION:  This is a support conference for BASIC language related
              programming for WIndows.  Includes Microsoft Visual
              BASIC and Within Technologies Realizer products.
HOSTS:        Joe Rotello  Node ID ->PREMIER
              Jack Higgins  Node ID ->DFWPGMR
ACTIVITY:     * NEW * Date: 07/03/91


SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT FROM DAN DEADY:

Effective Immediately:

I hereby resign from the position of Conference Coordinator.

This is an amicable separation.  It is impossible for me to continue in
this facility due to time constraints and other considerations.

Please give Bonnie and Howard your cooperation and willingness to assist
during this period of changeover and transition.

Sincerely and with best wishes,

Dan Deady, Ex-Conference Coordinator

[Editors Note:  Kathi Webster, Node ID ->GODFTHR has been named to take
over as Conference Coordinator]

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
3 - BLIPVERTS by Mike Gunderloy, Node ID ->ALBANY
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

[Editor's Note:  These reviews are reprinted from FACTSHEET FIVE]

COMMAND POST V. 7.0S (Shareware CMDPOST.ZIP; registration $49.95 from
Wilson WindowWare, 2701 California Ave. SW #212, Seattle, WA 98116): A
menuing system/task manager for Windows that can do darned near anything
you might need to do with or to a file. You can, for example, browse the
contents of a file, or have a menu item that gathers file names into a
picklist, or resize all the windows on screen, or look at the directory
tree of any disk, or quickly launch an application. Command Post is
essentially an integreated replacement for the built-in program manager,
file manager, and task manager, and it works well. The nag screens are
perhaps a bit more frequent than in some other programs, but they don't
interfere with the functionality. Too bad MicroSoft couldn't build
something this good in when they released Windows in the first place.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

CRYSTAL BALL (Shareware CRYSTAL.ZIP; registration $19 from RK West
Consulting, PO Box 8059, Mission Hills, CA 91346): Here's a cute program.
It's designed to help the aspiring psychic make predictions of the sort
that grace the tabloids towards the start of every year -- you know, "Idi
Amin will wed a Nobel prizewinner after a major earthquake." It does this
by putting together word lists (which can be edited by the user to lend a
personalized flavor to the program) with sentence templates. Amusing, and
it seems to do about as well as your average supermarket tabloid can.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

DIZK4D v 2.60 (Shareware version DISK4D26.EXE; registration $25 from
Unicorn Software, PO Box 911, Wabash, IN 46992-0911): This is the first
disk cataloging program that I have seen which is designed to work with the
popular 4DOS command processor replacement. It's operation is simple: run
through the setup screen, put the disk in your drive, press RETURN, and go
on to the next disk. When it's all done, you can get a complete list of all
the files on your diskette, or just selected files. Along the way you can
change or add file descriptions too. You can also search for a file even if
you only remember part of its name or description. A handy utility that
works quite painlessly, although the subdirectory handling is a bit clunky.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

INFORMATION PLEASE v. 2.06 (Shareware IP206.ZIP; registration $53 from
TexaSoft, PO Box 1169, Cedar Hill, TX 75104): This is a free-form text
database system that can handle variable length records from a word up to a
few hundred lines. The interface is reasonably clean even if some keys
didn't work the way I expected them to (PgDn, for example). The program
supports associating DOS commands with any entry, so that you can (for
example) display a .PCX graphic (a CGA-resolution PCX viewer is included).
Useful for anything that requires organizing text and being able to call it
back by keywords. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

MAKEDEMO v 3 (Shareware MDEM3A.EXE, MDEM3B.EXE, MDM3C.EXE; registration $39
from Windham Woods Publishing, PO Box 314, Windham, NC 03087): You can
think of MakeDemo as a program which does for screens what a word processor
does for words. That is, it lets you put together a bunch of screens of
text or (character-mode) graphics, re-order them, insert new screens, and
display them for a user. With an interface driven by keyboard or mouse, as
well as animation, sound and color, this is perfect for putting together
disk-based catalogs, books-on-line, and mockups of new software user
interfaces. Includes several examples including its own complete on-line
help system to get you started. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

PAINT SHOP v. 2.01 (Shareware PS.ZIP; registration $33
from JASC, Inc., 17743 Evener Way, Eden Prairie, MN 55346): Well, this
program is the best reason I've yet seen for running Microsoft Windows in a
256-color mode. This is a graphics viewer that handles a large variety of
formats, including .BMP, .PCX, .GIF and .MAC files. You can convert from
format to format, stretch or shrink the pictures, dither or manipulate the
pallette, and more. You can also grab any image off the Windows screen and
turn it into a graphics file, which can be handy as well. A very nice job.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

PC-CAI (Shareware PCCAI.ZIP; registration $43 from TexaSoft, PO Box 1169,
Cedar Hill, TX 75105): This is a Computer Aided Instruction program for the
PC -- essentially a specialized command interpreter, It can move things
around on the screen, put up colorful text and noisy sounds, and branch
depending on user input. Comes with a powerful script editor and a utility
for displaying .PCX graphics as part of your tutorial. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

PC-DEAL v 2.45 (Shareware DEAL245.ZIP; registration $40 from Kindred
Spirits, 1407 Finntown Rd., Waldoboro, ME 04572): A minor upgrade of this
simple double entry accounting program. It's aimed at the individual or
small business with some knowledge but not an especially complex financial
life. Nice touches here include monthly budgeting, bar graphs, and the
ability to go back twelve months to fix mistakes. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

PC-GLOSSARY v 3.2 (Shareware GLOSRY32.EXE; Registration $29 from Disston
Ridge, 4915 22nd Ave. N, St. Petersburg, FL 33710): A quarterly hypertext
glossary of important PC terms, from ARC to ZIP and beyond, It gives clear
explanations of everything from ISO/OSI to the VGA standard to why you
should be careful using a 1.2 MB drive to write 360K diskettes. Also
includes reference tables of ASCII Codes, file extensions, and more. For
the beginner and moderately advanced user, as well as the power user who
wants a handy source of info all in one place. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

ROBOMAZE II (Shareware ROBOMAZ2.ZIP; Registration $15 from MVP Software,
1035 Dallas SE, Grand Rapids, MI 49507): This is another of those arcade
games that are so fast and furious as to be impossible for anyone over the
age of fifteen to win. This one has you in a futuristic shoot-'em-up
setting, battling all sorts of crazy opponents left behind by a mad
scientist in an office tower. The graphics and animation are superb, with
renderings made to run on CGA, EGA and VGA. The key timing routines also
provide fast response from the keyboard, and joystick support is built in.
Lots of options here, and it's the first of a trilogy to boot.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

RUBICON PUBLISHER v 2.2c (Shareware RUBIC22C.ZIP; registration $59.50-$119
from Rubicon Computer Labs, PO Box 336, Chelsea, Que., J0X 1N0, CANADA):
This is a new release (and substantial upgrade) of the best shareware
desktop publishing program around. Rubicon implements a traditional
tagged-text scheme (as that used by TeX) rather than a pastepoard metaphor
(as PageMaker or Ventura). You feed it straight ASCII files with special
commands to tell it how to set up the page and the text, and it feeds
finished documents out the other end. THe system is reasonably fast and
produces fine-looking documents, distinguished from the pack by the use of
Rubicon's own fonts (support for outside fonts is also available). This
edition includes support for 200 printers (including PCL 4 and 5,
PostScript, and 9- and 24-pin dot matrix printers), a VGA screen preview (a
bit clunky, but it saves on paper during design), and a full-blown tutorial
on disk. Registered users also get improved composition and hyphenation
utilities,, support for .IMG graphics, and more soft fonts with better font
utilities. (IBM)(MG)

SYSTEMS MANAGER v 2.5 (Shareware SYSMGX.EXE; registration $10 from MiCord,
PO Box 1344, Midland, MI 48640): This is an integrated menu shell and time
tracking system, allowing the user to quickly select DOS applications and
keep an eye on how much time is spent in each one, with the idea of
streamlining client billing. It works, though it seems to have quite a few
rough edges -- an install program which assumes you don't already have a
program named "menu" on your path, for example, and somewhat slow swapping
out of the way. Still, if you need the combination of menus and
time-tracking, it's the only shareware I've seen to do the trick.
(IBM)[ASP](MG)

RICHARD WEBSTER'S AURA READING (Shareware WEBSTER.ZIP; registration $35
from RK West Consulting, PO Box 8059, Mission Hills, CA 91346): Another in
the series of recreational programs from the fringes that Rosemary West has
made available. This time the idea is to bring the knowledge of psychic
Richard Webster to the computer. There are actually two programs here. The
first does a quick numerological analysis, based on your name and date of
birth. The second (the title program) helps show you what your aura should
look like, again based on numerological principles. It does impressionistic
CGA renderings, to help in sighting and investigating auras. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

WINPOST v 3.0b (Shareware WINPOST.ZIP; registration $30 from Eastern
Mountain Software, PO Box 20178, Columbus, OH 43220): This emulation of the
classic Post-it (TM) notes for Windows has sprouted many features since I
last looked at it. Notes can now be resized, kept in handy groups, change
in colors, have alarms attached to them (and pop up only when the alarm
goes off) and much more. Full mouse and printer support, and the notes
themselves follow the Windows editing standards. An exceptionally handy
utility. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

UPDATES & UPGRADES

COMPUSER v 2.60 (Shareware version CUSER260.EXE; subscription $30/3 issues
per year from Unicorn Software Limited, PO Box 911, Wabash, IN 46992-0911):
This is a significant upgrade to this directory of the shareware industry.
As always the listings of BBS's, vendors, distributors, authors,
newsletters, and more have been updated. This version also adds much nicer
graphics than were present in 2.50, giving CompUser a little more sizzle to
go with its already impressive steak. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

NOTED BUT NOT REVIEWED

Some software we get requires other software we don't have in order to do a
decent review. In these cases we are forced to rely on the documentation.

dPERFECT MERGE v 1.5 (Shareware DPERF15.EXE; registration $24 from NewDorf
Research, PO Box 2309, Rancho Santa Fe, CA 92067): This is a utility
designed to interface between two widely-used office programs: dBase (or
Clipper, FoxPro, and other clones) and Word Perfect. It takes dBase III
compatible files and turns them into Word Perfect 4.2, 5.0 or 5.1 merge
files -- so for example you can take your database of addresses and plug
them into form letters in one easy step. Includes both interactive and
batch versions. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

ENVELOPER v 3.2 (Shareware ENVR32.ZIP; registration $29 from Pinecliffe
International, PO Drawer 2337, Col Creek Cyn., Golden, CO 80403): This is
an envelope printer designed specifically to work with Word For Windows,
making it one of the most flexible macros around. It can handle multiple
return addresses, logos, postal bar codes, custom formats and of course it
will grab addresses from the screen. (IBM)[ASP](MG)

SHAREWARE NOTES

Searchlight Software (PO Box 640, Stony Brook, NY 11790) has announced a
special upgrade program for registered owners of Wildcat! BBS software.
From now through August 31, they can get Searchlight BBS 2.15, offering all
the major features of the as-yet unreleased Wildcat! 3.0, for only $50 with
proof of purchase of their Wildcat! system.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
4 - I GOT 'DEM UPGRADE BLUES! by Derry Nelson, Node ID ->ELEVEN
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

[Editors Note:  This is part 1 of 3 parts.]

Well, it all started awhile back, a little birdie perched itself on my
shoulder and whispered in my ear, "Hey, Dummy, I mean Derry, you know the
Board is running pretty smooth, no problems, requires little maintenance
now days.  You know what you should oughtta do, don'tcha? Ya oughtta get in
there and toy with things, ya know, buy a huge HardDisk, SCSI Controller
and put everything all on one machine rather than having it spread across 3
or 4 machines..  By doing that I'm sure you'll create some havoc somewhere,
I mean, you'll have a much better running system.  Just think, you'll only
have one server to mess with, one set of files to change when you add a
Conference, etc..  I really think ya oughtta do it..  Then ya know what ya
can do?  Ya can go to Novell 2.2, yup, sweet Network, Novell just revamped
their structure and it can be had for a song and two dances..  Course,
doing this ya will want to go to a Dedicated Server but that shouldn't be
any problem at all for a sharp cookie like you..  Then all you need to do
is to buy another machine so you can retain your Private Node 3..  All of
this is a piece of cake bud, ya can do it, I have faith in ya..<snicker>".

So went things, I took that little birdies advice..  There were certain
things that the little birdie didn't fill me in on, like make sure you buy
a SCSI Controller that WILL work with Novell 2.2 already so you don't have
to either wait forever for one or repurchase another Controller that will
work..<sigh>  Nor did that little birdie fill me in that the undertaking
going to a single Server from having 3 with files literally strewn all over
the place would put more grey hairs on my head and also enlarge the
thinning spot on the top of my head..<sigh>  Well, after purchasing a 667
Meg SCSI Drive & WD7000 FASST Controller & accomplishing going to a single
server, purchasing Novell 2.2, causing grief for my Users & Nodes alike by
literally screwing up the Events to the max causing a major rewrite of them
things were settling down to a dull roar..  I was holding off till vacation
to go to Novell..  Then, after calling Columbia inquiring about a Disk
Cache (had been using SuperPCK fine on the PerStore controlled 4096's) that
would work with their controller telling them that I didn't want to spend a
whole lotta $$ since I was going to Novell 2.2, the tech said, "Not with
the 7000 you're not going to 2.2 right away."...  WHAT???  To which the
Tech replied, "You aren't going to use the 7000 with Novell 2.2 just yet as
we're having some problems with our Drivers with 2.2, we're expecting to
have some new ones out late June to early July.  Try installing your
SUPERPCK on Drive D and your Cache should work again."  Ok, thanks, I
wasn't planning on going 2.2 until the first part of July anyway.  Along
comes late June so I calls Columbia back up, no 2.2 Drivers yet..  So, I
calls the Dealer I purchased 2.2 from and asked what controller WORKS with
2.2.  "The Adaptec does," they say..  Ok, so it's out to purchase one of
these critters, GREAT..

Well, as time goes I decide that it's time to pick up another machine so I
can get the Board under as close to a Dedicated Server as one can get
running LANtastic and who do you think pops back onto my shoulder??? Yup,
you guessed it, that little birdie...  This time he says, "Hey Dummy, I
mean Derry, those changes weren't too bad now were they?  I knew you'd be
able to handle it, no problem.  I see you're getting ready to pick up a new
machine, ya know what ya oughtta do?  Ya oughtta pick up one of them new
386-40's, that way you can have the 386-25 for your Node 3.  Just order the
bare machine with 4Meg (you should be able to use 4 of the 8Meg outta the
386-25 in the 386-40 to put you at the 8Meg, no problem for a man of your
abilities) and a 3.5" floppy in the full tower case, you don't even need a
keyboard, monitor, serial card or anything else."

So, I listen to this birdie again and do just that.  I still haven't
figured out how to install 1M x 9 SIPPS where 1M x 9 SIMMS should go, maybe
if I sawed off the legs on the SIPPS?  So, it's back on the phone and order
4 more Meg of SIMMS.  GREAT, they're here!!  Oh NO! CMOS is going crazy,
the gremlins are loose, the machine can't decide how much RAM it has from
one boot to the next!  Ah, a bad SIMM, no problem, I'll have a new
replacement sent.  The replacement arrives, GREAT!!  But NO, same ole
thing!  In the midst of all this kaos I decide to install the new Adaptec
Controller, should be a piece of cake, right, just have to reformat the
drive and reload...<sigh>  WRONG, boils down to a defective 386-40 Mutha
Board..<sigh>  No problem, we've only been down for 3 days by now..  We'll
just install Novell, 45 min into the install it pops back to me and says
"you's missin' another Driver Son!<snicker>".  Where is that birdie?<grrr>
Ah, there it is, I'm gonna go play "she loves me, she loves me not" with
its feathers...

Come here little birdie, perch on my shoulder just one more time......
That's a good birdie <evil grin> GOTCHA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

She loves me
She loves me not
She loves me
She loves me not............

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
5 - RIME ROCKS IN DALLAS by Keith Personett, Node ID ->GUILD
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

On April 20th, 1991, Reunion Arena in Dallas Texas was the scene of what
proved to be what  I would honestly have to say  was the best Rock/Heavy
Metal  Concert I have  ever had the  pleasure of attending. Geoff Tate, and
the rest of the boys from Queensrche were appearing live in concert, with
Suicidal Tendencies opening up for them.  The show began,  and frankly, I
was not expecting much from  Suicidal Tendencies,  although they  proved to
be an entertaining act.

My personal  opinion is  that if  their lead  singer had  stayed quiet the
entire time, it would have been much better. ST has  a hard driving sound,
one that really hits you in the gut, and the guitar work was  quite good.
ST  entertained the crowd  for just under an hour,  and then let  the
stagehands get  ready for what was to come.

As  the  stagehands  were  finishing  up  with their duties, the background
music changed from  your usual Hard Rock/Heavy  Metal tunes, to what I
believe  was Ethel Myrman singing "On  with the show".  Upon  the  last
note  of  this  "classic",  Queensrche exploded onto  the stage  in a
fury of  lasers, spotlights, and some of  the hottest  guitar licks  to
ever  grace this  sysop's ears. After several songs from their latest
album, and a  couple from their previous  vinyl, they embarked  on an
adventure  that no-one in the audience will soon forget. The audience was
drawn out of their seats, and into the world of "Operation Mindcrime", a
sort of "Heavy Metal  Opera" that their previous album  solely consisted
of. Even for those who did not know the story, the two 30 foot screens
behind the band were informative enough to allow one to follow the tragedy.
For  those of you not in the  know as to what "Operation Mindcrime" is,  it
would take far to  long to explain in this  text, I recommend  that you buy
the album, and play  it  in  order  from  beginning  to  end  paying very
close attention. Every song was done, just as the album was cut, not a
single omission to break up the storyline. The band came back to play
several old favorites, and then returned once again for  an encore to play
"Silent Lucidity" off of their "Empire" album.

One thing  that really  grabbed me  about this  concert, is  how precise
everything was.  Usually, one will  go to an  event like this, and  sure,
the  energy level  is high,  and it  is a great show, but 9 out of 10
times, the music suffers. Here is one case when in no way does the  music
suffer, in fact, of the  people I talk to, most  of us thought  that it was
actually tighter than any of their albums. Geoff  Tate's eight octave vocal
range  was fantastic,  every  note  was  right  on  the  money, and without
sounding strained, even toward the end of the show. All in  all,
Queensrche  was  on  stage  for  well  over two hours, possibly closer to
three, but the time went by so fast, it was impossible to tell. I left the
concert in awe, wishing that I could see  it all again the next night.

Overall, I have  seen perhaps 120  concerts in my  day (I've got all them
ticket stubs  around here  somewhere), including  Pink Floyd, Mtley Cre,
The Electric Light  Orchestra, ZZ Top,  and just about every  Major Concert
I  could get tickets  to since I was twelve years  old.  On  April 20th,
1991,  I  believe  I saw what  I must say is  probably the best concert I
have ever  seen or ever will see in  my life.  Yes, people, better than the
old Pink  Floyd!  If  Queensrche   is  coming  to your city, or one
nearby, I highly recommend that  you  go see the show  ( I  wish they
were playing  more than   one show  here in  Dallas, they would have sold
out the Arena  twice!), it is  truly a  concert that you will never forget.

Queensrche consists of:
        Geoff Tate        : Voices, Keyboards, Babbles, and No Whistles
        Chris DeGarmo     : Electric 6-String and 12-String Guitar,
                            Acoustic 6-String and 12-String Guitar,
                            Backup Vocals, and Keyboards
        Michael Wilton    : Electric 6-String and 12-String Guitar,
                            Acoustic 6-String and 12-String Guitar
        Eddie Jackson     : Electric Bass, Electric Fretless Bass, and
                            Backup Vocals
        Scott Rockenfield : Drums, All Percussion,
                            assorted Knick-Knacks, Various Cack, and
                            all other Sonic Booms

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
6 - RIME RUMORS by Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

[Editors Note:  We refuse to be held responsible for the following
article.  Any resemblence to actual news or factual information is
entirely coincidental.]

A minor panic ensued in Admin recently when Bonnie announced that
Vice-President Dan Quayle was logging onto the Running Board to read mail
using an alias.  She immediately tried to retract the statement attributing
it to 'an example' but RIME Time insiders aren't so sure.  Is Big Brother
watching?

Howard's New York Hub was down for a while this month.  Howard chalked it
up to a disk error but rumors persist that it may have been deliberate
sabotage on the part of his new wife.  Info from the New York underground
indicates that several 'contracts' have been taken out on his file server
and that the Witness Relocation Program may be involved.  Howard may need
to spend less time reading mail!

Sysops have been discussing long distance services lately.  RIME Times
passed the message threads on to our resident expert who concluded based on
the evidence given that absolutely NONE of the services were working, that
transcontinental data exchange was impossible and that RelayNet message
traffic was the product of a mass hallucination.  RIME Times is now looking
for a new resident expert.  Please send applications to Michael Brunk at
Node ID ->CSPACE.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
7 - UPLINK'ERS GATHER IN MEMPHIS by Mark Adams, Node ID ->PARTY
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

It was a great Fourth of July weekend for the UPLINK UPchuck. Several old
friends met face-to-face for the first time. Confused yet? It gets worse...

Perhaps I should start by trying to describe the UPLINK conference. For
those of you who don't know, it can be a strange and confusing place. We
like to refer to it as "the asylum" or, more suitably, "home". It's like a
big gathering of friends sitting a- round chatting about this, that or the
other thing. There is no specific topic, anything goes (within reason).
We've had threads dealing with everything from barnyard animals to favorite
records, cartoon character names to local dialects, verbal caricatures to
favorite vacations, from ... well, you get the picture. In short, we've
gotten to know one another over time. We're there to support each other
through hard times (even if we don't realize it) and to share in the good
times. We pick on each other in humor. We lend assistance when needed,
giving advice or making light of a situation that could otherwise get out
of hand. We have fun!

Several times over the past years a gathering of the masses has been
suggested. The problem was always one of logistics; how do you co-ordinate
the gathering of people from so many different states, when would it be,
and where would it be? It was always rejected as being impossible to
achieve. Recently, however, the impossible has happened. One of the
UPLINKers (or inmates, as we call ourselves) planned on a business trip to
Memphis. Another one added that he could make it here at the same time,
just to get to meet some of the people he had been messaging with. When one
more decided to join the first two, we saw that we had the makings of our
gathering.

Plans were made for BBQs, airline and motel reservations were made,
arrangements were made for getting people to Memphis, either this included
trips to the airport or maps sent out to those driving in. Reservations
were made for some local events. Food and drink were purchased in large
quantities.

As it turned out, due to fairly short notice and prior familial
obligations, we had four UPLINKers converge on Memphis from various
locations. A fifth had to cancel at the last minute due to a family
illness. Art Garvin (caller from the Score Board in Salt Lake City, Utah)
drove in from his home in Bluffdale, Utah. Art left Utah early Tuesday
morning and arrived late Wednesday night. Bob Litty (who calls the Modem
Zone in Middletown, Ohio) flew in Wednesday evening. Steve Poggio (who
regularly calls the Moondog BBS in NYC) had arrived earlier Wednesday
afternoon at Memphis Airport where he was picked up by one of the Memphis
UPLINKers. Bryan Mansfield (who connects to UPLINK through TandyLand in
Charleston, S.C.) rode his motorcycle all through the day Wednesday to
arrive just before dark, the last 25 miles through rain and thunderstorms.

Memphis' Party Line BBS plays host to several participants in the UPLINK
conference, which made Memphis a natural meeting place with many UPLINKers
being local. The relatively central location was another deciding factor.
Party Line's SysOp, Mike Glenn, offered the travellers "visitor's access"
to the BBS during their stay. The group's weekend went as follows:

Wednesday, the arriving folks (and a few of the locals) showed up at
different times at the home of Susie Peterson and Mark Adams (your author).
When I got back from picking up Bob Litty from the airport, everyone, with
the exception of Art Garvin, was there. We all sat around for a few hours
talking and getting to know one another. This was not difficult since some
of us had been messaging for many months and felt like old friends already.
The time passed quickly and the travelling caught up with many, so we said
good night. Bryan was staying here with us and the others were staying at a
nearby motel.

Thursday, the Fourth of July, was the day of our BBQ here. I picked up the
"out-of-towners" at the motel early in the afternoon. Before long the local
people started showing up. We ended up with quite a full house. The local
people all brought food or drink to share. Burgers, dogs, chicken and
sausage were cooked out on the grill. Since it was so hot and humid, most
everyone stayed inside and sat around talking. We had such a diversity of
people from all walks of life and different parts of the country that there
was no lack of conversation. A couple of the UPLINK regulars that couldn't
make the trip called and the phone was passed around to all. Everyone had a
good time.

Friday there was an excursion to see the Catherine the Great exhibition
which was in Memphis. Several of the visitors and locals went to see the
art and jewelry of one of Russia's leading historical figures. Bryan and I
stayed behind to watch the kids and get to know one another a little
better.

Friday evening Susie and I and the out-of-towners went on a dinner cruise
aboard the Memphis Queen riverboat. It was a two hour tour up the
Mississippi River complete with a catfish and barbecqued chicken dinner.
After eating we enjoyed the sights and night air on the upper deck of the
boat.

Saturday afternoon most of the group went to see Mud Island, an island just
off the Memphis coast in the Mississippi River. Access was provided by
monorail. Featured attractions included a replica of the Mississippi River
from source to mouth, museum, gift shops, etc.

Saturday evening everyone piled into cars and headed north out of the city
to the rural home of one of the local UPLINKers, Susan Forbess. We enjoyed
another evening of food, friends and drink. Steve Poggio had ordered a
large assortment of fireworks several months in advance. That night we
watched a fireworks extravaganza courtesy of Steve and Bryan. The children
present enjoyed the display almost as much as the adults. Homemade ice
cream was churned up for dessert.

Sunday, the day nobody was looking forward to, brought many sad partings.
Art left early in the morning. Bob's flight was later that morning. I drove
Bob to the airport and left with an empty spot in my heart. Steve and Bryan
stayed the rest of the day, going out to lunch and dinner with some of the
locals. Bryan left that evening on his motorcycle with clear weather ahead
and part of himself behind. Steve left Monday afternoon with mixed
emotions, glad to have been a part of the whole thing, but saddened by it's
coming to an end.

Some of the local users involved with the "UPLINK Upchuck" were: Susan
Brooks (a kindergarten teacher here in Memphis {somehow rather
appropriate}) who made the visitors feel welcome and drove them all over
the city to various outings; Mike Glenn (the SysOp of Party Line, without
whom some of us would never have met) and his wife Pam; Susan Forbess and
her husband Joel who opened their home to virtual strangers and made them
feel welcome; Eli Cariota and her husband Bill, Jim Jordan and his
girlfriend Julia, John Okerson, Linda Hartsfield, Susie Peterson and
myself. I think some budding friend- ships were bonded tightly that
weekend.

This little get-together has given us plenty of fuel for conver- sation for
months to come. The ones who had to miss it feel like they were a part of
it through vivid (and mostly "enhanced") descriptions of the events as
remembered by different individuals. Plans are being discussed for the next
meeting. Smaller gatherings are being arranged in the coming months as some
of the UPLINKers take their various vacations in the neighborhoods of
others. It is a strange feeling to put a face on an electronic pen-pal for
whom you have already conjured up a mental image. I heartily recommend at
least attending any BBS parties your favorite BBS assembles.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
8 - POETRY CORNER by Randy Nodeworthy, Node ID ->EDISON
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                          Trying to connect

        I wish I were, I wish I might,
        I wish I had some mail tonight.

        I called my HUB, and he was down.
        So I called the other side of town.

        They had to be a RIME node, and .QWK to boot.
        I had to get some mail en route.

        I typed real hard,
        I typed until my fingers were chard.

        I called all nodes within my state,
        All nodes were busy, just my fate!

        Finally I got a good "Connect".
        Finally some mail I could collect.

        With a satisfied grin,
        I wiped the sweat off of my chin.

        I downloaded my packet,
        I wanted to get the mail off the net.

        By this time,
        It was four thirty nine...

        And with much regret, I went to bed....
        The world would have to wait for the ideas in my head...

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
9 - REVIEW:  GENBULL V1.32
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

A new utility for sysops using PCRelay is now available.  GENBULL V1.32, by
Allen Johnson and David Dean, is a comprehensive bulletin generator
designed to work with with the PCRelay networking package by Kip Compton.
It will function with any BBS software.

GENBULL outputs several bulletins in both ANSI and ASCII format.  The first
shows a four day summary of message traffic.  It breaks down the number of
incoming and outgoing messages for each day and displays totals.  The
second is suitable for use as a logon news files, displaying the date and
time of the last transfer, and the total incoming and outgoing messages for
the current day.  The last is a summary of message traffic by percentage of
the total messages.  It uses bars to graphically show the results.  In
addition, GENBULL will optionally trim your PCRelay log file to a specific
number of days when it runs.

Basic configuration is quick and easy.  GENBULL is designed to allow use in
multi-network environments by placing the executable in your path and
keeping the configuration files in each specific PCRelay directory.
GENBULL also accurately keeps track of message numbers even if multiple
mail runs are made in the course of a day.  Default colors are supported
for ANSI bulletins but an optional configuration file controls the colors
used for each bulletin.  This procedure is somewhat more complicated but
can be figured out quickly by referencing the documentation.

GENBULL comes in two flavors.  GENBULL.EXE which is a standalone
application and GENBULLB.EXE which is smaller in size and requires that
BRUN45.EXE be located in your path.

The latest versions and support are available on The Old Town BBS, (602)
782-3969 HST.  The authors can also be contacted via RelayNet at Node ID
->OLDTOWN.  A $10.00 donation is requested if GENBULL is used longer than
21 days.  The version of GENBULL reviewed can be requested from NETNODE as
GENB132.ZIP.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
10 - RELAYNET BBS HIGHLIGHT
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

This month we take a peek at SMARTalec BBS in Etobicoke, Canada (a borough
of Toronto).  The sysop, Glenn Menzie, runs a single node using PCBoard
14.5a on an 12 MhZ 80286.  Primarily dedicated to electronic mail,
SMARTalec uses 40 megabytes of data storage.  The board currently answers
the phone using an internal 2400 baud modem and plans to procure a US
Robotics HST are in the works.

SMARTalec has over 80 RelayNet conferences available to it's callers as
well as NA'net and local forums.  Glenn also hosts a small network called
MNMnet with members in Canada and the US.

SMARTalec can be reached at (416) 253-5900.  There are no subscription
fees.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
11 - NOTICES
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

The RIME Times staff is now maintaining the newsletter AUTOSEND list.
If you are a RelayNet node and would like the newsletter sent to your
board automatically each month send a message to Michael Brunk, Node
ID ->CSPACE or John Dodson, Node ID ->CANTINA.  Please check to see
if your hub will AUTOSEND it to avoid duplication.

Current listing of Bulletin Board software participating in RelayNet:

    SpitFire            GAP         TriTel
    QuickBBS            GT Power
    Remote Access       MajorBBS
    PCBoard/ProDoor     dBBS
    RBBS                EIS
    Wildcat!            UltraBBS

To make life easier for the editors, the following submission guidelines
are suggested:

1) To be included in the current month newsletter all articles must be
submitted by the 5th of the month.

2) A routed private message in either the COMMON is acceptable.  Please
address and route to: Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE or John Dodson
Node ID ->CANTINA.

3) Your name as used on RIME.

4) Your node id if you are a RIME sysop or your "home" board id if you
are a RIME user.

5) Any special instructions.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The RIME Times is published monthly by the membership of RelayNet
International Message Exchange as its official newsletter.  Users and
Sysops are encouraged to contribute. Submissions and questions may be
directed to the editor Michael Brunk, Node ID ->CSPACE.

(c)Copyright 1991, The RelayNet International Message Exchange.  Permission
is hereby granted for unlimited distribution and duplication,  provided
such distribution and duplication are strictly for non-commercial purposes
only.  All other rights reserved.  RelayNet and RIME are registered
trademarks.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
