The X-Files Episode Guide

  Version 2.20  December 2, 1995
  Copyright 1995 by Cliff Chen

This guide may be freely distributed, provided it is kept in its entirety
and original form.  Please only distribute in its entirety.  Permission to
reproduce, print, or publish portions of this guide must be obtained from
the author.  Questions, comments, and corrections are welcomed and may be
sent to the author at:  fidodido@pacificnet.net


Background
==========

        _The X-Files_ is a FOX show created by Chris Carter dealing with two
FBI agents who work with the "X-Files," cases which could not be explained
easily and often involve the paranormal.  The show is filmed in Vancouver,
British Columbia.  The show premiered on September 10, 1993 and is normally
shown Fridays at 9 PM (Eastern/Pacific) and 8 PM (Central/Mountain).
        There are several satellite feeds for the show.  However, T1/7 on
Fridays at 1 PM is recommended.
        _The X-Files_ is broadcast in North America (United States, Canada,
and Mexico), but can also be seen in Australia, Brazil, Finland, France,
Germany, Hong Kong, Ireland, Italy, Japan, Korea, Malaysia, Mexico, the
Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Singapore, South Africa, Spain,
Sweden, Switzerland, Taiwan, Thailand, and the United Kingdom.  All dates
herein reflect only North American broadcasts.


Correspondence
==============

If you wish to write in appreciation/support of the show, the addresses are:
     Chris Carter                    Jonathan Littman
     Executive Producer              Vice President of Current Programming
     "The X-Files"
     Fox Broadcasting Company        Fox Broadcasting Company
     10201 W. Pico Blvd.             P.O. Box 900
     Los Angeles, CA  90064          Beverly Hills, CA  90123

Note:  The different addresses for Fox are more or less interchangable.
       Regardless of the one you use, your correspondence should reach its
       destination.
 
E-mail can be sent to comment on the show at:  the_xfiles@delphi.com

Also, Charles Kennedy, the Vice President of Programming Research at Fox has
obtained an Internet address where you can send e-mail to comment on their
shows, please include "X-Files" in your subject to help them sort the mail.
His address is:  foxnet@delphi.com

Fan mail for either David or Gillian can be sent to:
     <David/Gillian>
     c/o X-Files Production Office
     Building 10
     110-555 Brooks Bank Ave
     North Vancouver, B.C.
     Canada  V7J 3S5

Creation's Official X-Files Fan Club is about to open its membership.
However, the address has not been finalized.  In the meantime, they can be
contacted at the following address:
     The Official X-Files Fan Club
     411 North Central Ave
     Suite 300
     Glendale, CA  91203

There is an older, more established fan club, which you can contact by
sending a self-addressed stamped envelope to:
     The X-Files Fan Club            (Canadian address)
     P.O. Box 3138                   c/o S. Bartle
     Nashua, NH  03061-3138          4404 Perry Street
                                     Vancouver, B.C.
                                     CANADA  V5N 3X5


Cast of Characters (alphabetically by actor's name)
===================================================

Agent Dana Katherine Scully (Gillian Anderson -- pronounced [JILL-ee-an])
        Dr. Dana Scully plays the skeptic, insisting that everything has a
logical scientific explanation, although her exposure to the X-Files
certainly has given her cause to question her own beliefs.  She was assigned
to work with Agent Mulder to keep an eye on him and determine if his
activities are worth the time he spends working on them.  She was recruited
out of medical school and saw the FBI as a place to distinguish herself.

Agent Fox William Mulder (David Duchovny -- pronounced [duh-KUV-nee])
        Agent Fox Mulder is one of the FBI's greatest detectives with his
photographic memory and his background as a psychologist which has helped
him to profile many serial killers.  His interest in the paranormal made him
dig into the X-Files and also gave some higher officials in the bureau cause
to believe him eccentric, reinforcing the nickname "Spooky" which he
received in the academy.  His fascination with extraterrestial life began in
his childhood when his sister disappeared -- Fox claims she was abducted by
aliens.

Assistant Director Walter S. Skinner (Mitch Pileggi)
        One of the heads of the FBI who often answers to a higher authority
regarding the X-Files.  However, he has proven himself to be sympathetic to
Mulder and is not happy about the role he must play in the grand scheme of
things.


Other Important Players
=======================

Frohike (Tom Braidwood)
        One of the three editors of "The Lone Gunman," a paranoid
publication devoted to exposing the hidden conspiracies of the US
government.  Frohike is best described as the most unkempt of the three,
with greying hair and glasses.

"Hispanic Man" (Lenno Britos)
        A member of the secret consortium which also includes the "Smoking
Man" and "Well-Manicured Man."
(Note: The name "Hispanic Man" was given by the writers.)

Section Chief Scott Blevins (Charles Cioffi)
        Head of the Office of Professional Responsibility who was the one
who assigned Scully to the X-Files division to keep and eye on Mulder.

Captain William Scully (Don Davis)
        Dana's deceased father who was a captain in the US Navy.  He often
referred to her as "Starbuck," a reference to _Moby Dick_ as he is "Ahab."

"Smoking Man" (William B. Davis)
        A quiet man who clearly holds a lot of sway in the government.  It
does appear that he is a member of some secret organization that controls
what the people know.
(Note:  The name "Smoking Man" was taken from the credits following
        "Tooms.")

William Mulder (Peter Donat)
        This dark and moody man is Fox's father.  He held a job under the
Secretary of State in the past.  He is divorced and lives in West Tisbury,
MA.

Langly (Dean Haglund)
        One of the three editors of "The Lone Gunmen."  Langly is the one
with long blonde hair and glasses.

"Deep Throat" (Jerry Hardin)
        This mysterious and influential man first appeared to warn Mulder
about Ellens Air Force Base.  He has provided Mulder with a lot of
classified information, and in doing so, places his own life in danger.  His
reasons for helping Mulder are his own, but he claims that it is a form of
penitence.
(Note:  The name "Deep Throat" was given to him by the writers and was first
        spoken aloud in "The Erlenmeyer Flask.")

Byers (Bruce Harwood)
        One of the three editors of "The Lone Gunman."  Byers is the one
brown hair with moustache and beard and usually dresses in a suit.

Margaret Scully (Sheila Larken)
        Dana's widowed mother.

Agent Alex Krycek (Nicholas Lea)
        Krycek insinuates himself as Mulder's partner while Mulder and
Scully are kept divided.  While he appears to be a believer, his agenda
definitely doesn't jive with Mulder's.

Melissa Scully (Melinda McGraw)
        Dana's older sister who is quite the opposite of Dana, being open
to the metaphysical.

"Well-Manicured Man" (John Neville)
        Another member of the secret consortium who appears to be helpful
to Mulder and Scully, but insists that his motives are completely selfish.
(Note: The name "Well-Manicured Man" was given by the writers.)

Mrs. Mulder (Rebecca Toolan)
        Fox's divorced mother who lives in Martha's Vineyard.

Albert Hosteen (Floyd "Red Crow" Westerman)
        A Navajo Indian who was a code-talker during World War II.

"Mr. X" (Steven Williams)
        An acquaintance of Deep Throat who also has given Mulder secret
information to further his investigations.  However, unlike Deep Throat,
this information seems to be given reluctantly.
(Note:  The name "Mr. X" was given by the writers.)


Episodes
========

1.1  Pilot: "The X-Files"                               9/10/93
     writer: Chris Carter               director: Robert Mandel
        Dr. Scully is given the assignment to watch over the activities of
     a certain Agent Mulder and decide if his work is worthwhile to the
     FBI.  He takes her to investigate the murder of several high school
     classmates in Oregon whom he believes have been experimented on by
     aliens.
        Billy Miles  ....................  Zachary Ansley
        Section Chief Scott Blevins  ....  Charles Cioffi
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Dr. Jay Nemman  .................  Cliff DeYoung
        Theresa Nemman  .................  Sarah Koskoff
        Detective Miles  ................  Leon Russom

1.2  "Deep Throat"                                      9/17/93
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Daniel Sackheim
        Mulder and Scully head out to Ellens Air Force Base in Idaho,
     against the wishes of some very mysterious and powerful people.  The
     investigation begins with the disappearance of one of the test pilots
     and leads to the implication of possible experimentation on UFOs by the
     military.
        Section Chief Scott Blevins  ....  Charles Cioffi
        Paul Mossinger  .................  Michael Bryan French
        Emil  ...........................  Seth Green
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Col. Robert Budahas  ............  Andrew Johnston
        Zoe  ............................  Lalainia Lindejerg
        Kissell  ........................  Vince Metcalfe
        Ladonna  ........................  Monica Parker
        Anita Budahas  ..................  Gabrielle Rose

1.3  "Squeeze"                                          9/24/93
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: Harry Longstreet
        A gruesome murder without motive, clear M.O., or point of entry
     bears resemblance to an X-File killer.  However, the X-File cases took
     place in 1933 and 1963.  Mulder and Scully attempt to track down and
     stop this century old killer.
        Detective Frank Briggs  .........  Henry Beckman
        Agent Tom Colton  ...............  Donal Logue
        Eugene Victor Tooms  ............  Doug Hutchison

1.4  "Conduit"                                          10/1/93
     w: Alex Gansa & Howard Gordon      d: Daniel Sackheim
        A woman who claims to have seen a UFO as a child has her teenage
     daughter disappear while on a camping trip.  The signs seem to indicate
     alien involvement.  But the key to solving the mystery may be the
     woman's young son instead of the missing daughter.
        Sioux City Sheriff  .............  Michael Cavanaugh
        Section Chief Scott Blevins  ....  Charles Cioffi
        Ruby  ...........................  Taunya Dee
        Pennsylvania Pub Bartender  .....  Don Gibb
        Tessa  ..........................  Shelley Owens
        Kevin Morris  ...................  Joel Palmer
        Darlene Morris  .................  Carrie Snodgress
        Holtzman  .......................  Don Thompson

1.5  "The Jersey Devil"                                 10/8/93
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Joe Napolitano
        The discovery of a cannibalized human body in New Jersey State Park
     sends Mulder and Scully to Atlantic City.  Despite obvious police
     cover-ups, Mulder continues his investigation of what may be a missing
     link in human evolution.  Meanwhile, Scully attends her god-son's
     birthday party, which leads to some reflection on her future social
     plans.
        Ranger Peter Brullet  ...........  Michael MacRae
        Dr. Diamond  ....................  Gregory Sierra
        Creature  .......................  Claire Stansfield
        Detective Thompson  .............  Wayne Tippit

1.6  "Shadows"                                          10/22/93
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: Michael Katleman
        When two very odd corpses appear in Philadelphia, Mulder and Scully
     are requested to take a look at them.  The investigation turns up a
     secretary whose employer recently committed suicide and a strange force
     which seems to protect her.
        Robert Dorlund  .................  Barry Primus
        Lauren Kytes  ...................  Lisa Waltz

1.7  "Ghost in the Machine"                             10/29/93
     w: Alex Gansa & Howard Gordon      d: Jerrold Freedman
        Following the electrocution of a computer company's CEO, Mulder's
     old partner asks for help with the case.  With the advice of Deep
     Throat, Mulder and Scully must stop the murderer, all the while
     fighting off the defense department and the building itself.
        Agent Nancy Spiller  ............  Gillian Barber
        Agent Jerry Lamana  .............  Wayne Duvall
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Brad Wilczek  ...................  Rob LaBelle
        Claude Peterson  ................  Blu Mankuma

1.8  "Ice"                                              11/5/93
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
        When the Arctic Ice Core project's final transmission is a crazed
     scientist saying "We are not who we are," Mulder and Scully become part
     of an investigative team sent to the Alaskan site.  Upon arrival, they
     discover that the unearthing of an unearthly parasite could spell
     trouble for them as well.
        Dr. Hodge  ......................  Xander Berkeley
        Dr. Nancy DaSilva  ..............  Felicity Huffman
        Dr. Denny Murphy  ...............  Steve Hytner
        Bear  ...........................  Jeff Kober

1.9  "Space"                                            11/12/93
     w: Chris Carter                    d: William Graham
        After a space shuttle launch is aborted and evidence of some bizarre
     sabotage is found, a NASA worker asks Mulder and Scully to take a look
     around.  Meanwhile, the former astronaut who is in charge of the
     mission is apparently haunted by something he encountered during a
     spacewalk on a previous mission.
        Lt. Col. Marcus Aurelius Belt  ..  Ed Lauter
        Michelle Generoo  ...............  Susanna Thompson

1.10 "Fallen Angel"                                     11/19/93
     w: Howard Gordon & Alex Gansa      d: Larry Shaw
        Mulder is tipped off by Deep Throat about a government cover-up of a
     UFO crash site.  He is not the only one interested, as he discovers a
     fellow UFO enthusiast whose appearance seems rather coincidental.  So
     the military tries to keep Mulder away while trying to bring a certain
     other being in.  But when he is discovered, Mulder's position in the
     FBI is jeopardized.
        Col. Calvin Henderson  ..........  Marshall Bell
        Max Fenig  ......................  Scott Bellis
        Section Chief Joseph McGrath  ...  Frederick Coffin
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin

1.11 "Eve"                                              12/10/93
     w: Kenneth Biller & Chris Brancato d: Fred Gerber
        Mulder and Scully check out the curious murder of a man in
     Connecticut.  When they discover that another man in California was
     killed simultaneously in the same manner, the uncanny resemblance of
     the two men's daughters seems more than coincidental.  So, when the
     first child disappears, the two decide to keep an eye on the remaining
     child.  What they find isn't alien, but rather something much more
     familiar.
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Dr. Sally Kendrick/Eve 6,7,8  ...  Harriet Harris
        Cindy Reardon  ..................  Erika Krievens
        Teena Simmons  ..................  Sabrina Krievens

1.12 "Fire"                                             12/17/93
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Larry Shaw
        An old flame of Mulder's tries to enlist his aid to protect a
     visiting Parliament member and lights a small spark of jealousy in
     Scully.  Mulder must overcome his fear of fire to take on the hot-
     headed pyrokinetic serial killer.
        Sir Malcolm Marsden  ............  Dan Lett
        Lady Marsden  ...................  Laurie Paton
        Inspector Phoebe Green  .........  Amanda Pays
        Bob/Cecil L'Ively  ..............  Mark Sheppard

1.13 "Beyond the Sea"                                   1/7/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
        After Scully's father passes away, her skepticism is tested by a
     prisoner on death row who claims that by using recently gained psychic
     powers, he can help catch a kidnapper.  Without Mulder's guidance, she
     must decide for herself whether or not the man's visions are truth or a
     by-product of her grief.
        Captain William Scully  .........  Don Davis
        Luther Lee Boggs  ...............  Brad Dourif
        Lucas Jackson Henry  ............  Lawrence King
        Margaret Scully  ................  Sheila Larken

1.14 "GenderBender"                                     1/21/94
     w: Larry Barber & Paul Barber      d: Rob Bowman
        A series of sexually related killings confound the two agents who
     aren't certain if the murderer is male or female.  The clues lead them
     to a small Amish-like community called the Kindred in Massachusetts who
     are more puzzling than the serial killer.
        Sister Abigail  .................  Michele Goodger
        Brother Andrew  .................  Brent Hinkley
        Marty [Male]  ...................  Peter Stebbings
        Marty [Female]  .................  Kate Twa

1.15 "Lazarus"                                          2/4/94
     w: Alex Gansa & Howard Gordon      d: David Nutter
        During a trap set for a bank robber, a fellow agent and friend of
     Scully's is shot by the criminal, whom Scully shoots in turn.  While
     the agent is brought back from apparent death, he takes on the persona
     of the dead criminal whom he has chased for nearly a year.  Scully
     sticks with him during his "trauma," but Mulder believes that he is not
     who he is.
        Agent Jack Willis  ..............  Christopher Allport
        Agent Ruskin  ...................  Jackson Davies
        Warren James Dupre  .............  Jason Schombing
        Lula Phillips  ..................  Cec Verrell

1.16 "Young at Heart"                                   2/11/94
     w: Scott Kaufer & Chris Carter     d: Michael Lange
        A criminal captured by a younger, fresh-from-the-academy Fox Mulder
     seems to be making good on his promise of vengeance against the agent.
     Now an older, wiser Mulder must attempt to find this elusive stalker
     who may not be wiser...or older.
        Young John Barnett  .............  Alan Boyce
        Agent Henderson  ................  Christine Estabrook
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Doctor at N.I.H.  ...............  Graham Jarvis
        Dr. Joe Ridley  .................  Robin Mossley
        Older John Barnett  .............  David Petersen
        Joe Crandall  ...................  Gordon Tipple
        Agent Reggie Purdue  ............  Dick Anthony Williams

1.17 "E.B.E."                                           2/18/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: William Graham
        After a downed UFO crashes near Iraqi airspace, an unmarked truck
     carrying its occupant is assailed in Tennessee, causing multiple UFO
     sightings.  Drawn by the event, Mulder and Scully find themselves
     tracking the trailer, with the help and hindrance of Deep Throat.
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Ranheim/Frank Druce  ............  Peter LaCroix

1.18 "Miracle Man"                                      3/18/94
     w: Howard Gordon & Chris Carter    d: Michael Lange
        The inexplicable deaths of several people at the hands of a faith
     healer send Mulder and Scully into the Bible belt.  The deaths have
     shaken the miracle worker's faith in his gift, but not before Mulder
     experiences some of the boy's power.
        Samuel Hartley  .................  Scott Bairstow
        Sheriff Maurice Daniels  ........  R.D. Call
        Reverend Calvin Hartley  ........  George Gerdes
        Leonard Vance  ..................  Dennis Lipscomb

1.19 "Shapes"                                           4/1/94
     w: Marilyn Osborn                  d: David Nutter
        The shooting of a Native American draws Mulder's attention as the
     murderer believed he had shot an animal of some sort.  But an Indian
     myth and some strange evidence seem to indicate the possibility of
     lycanthropy, the very phenomenon which opened the very first X-File.
        Ish  ............................  Jimmy Herman
        Sheriff Charles Tskany  .........  Michael Horse
        Lyle Parker  ....................  Ty Miller
        Gwen Goodensnake  ...............  Renae Morriseau
        Jim Parker  .....................  Donnelly Rhodes
 
1.20 "Darkness Falls"                                   4/15/94
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Joe Napolitano
        Mulder pulls some strings to be assigned to a case involving the
     disappearance of 30 loggers in Washington state.  They discover that
     the loggers, in illegally cutting down a tree, faced a punishment far
     worse than what the judicial system would have done.  Now the two
     agents must try to avoid the same dark fate.
        Larry Moore  ....................  Jason Beghe
        Perkins  ........................  Barry Greene
        Steve Humphreys  ................  Tom O'Rourke
        Dyer  ...........................  Ken Tremblett
        Doug Spinney  ...................  Titus Welliver

1.21 "Tooms"                                            4/22/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
        Eugene Tooms, a mutant killer brought in by Mulder and Scully, is
     released based on psychiatric re-evaluation and lack of evidence.  So
     Mulder sets out to prevent Tooms from killing for the fifth and final
     liver he needs, while Scully attempts to locate more definitive
     evidence.  Both tasks made more difficult by their superiors insistence
     that they work by the book.
        Detective Frank Briggs  .........  Henry Beckman
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Eugene Victor Tooms  ............  Doug Hutchison
        Dr. Aaron Monte  ................  Paul Ben Victor

1.22 "Born Again"                                       4/29/94
     w: Howard Gordon & Alex Gansa      d: Jerrold Freedman
        A little girl is tied to the deaths of two Buffalo policemen, but
     the possibility that she is the murderer is ludicrous.  So Mulder and
     Scully begin an investigation of the eight year old, turning up
     evidence that may help to solve a nine year old murder case.  A case
     Mulder believes was the death of the girl's past life.
        Dr. Sheila Braun  ...............  P. Lynn Johnson
        Anita Fiore  ....................  Mimi Lieber
        Michelle Bishop  ................  Andrea Libman
        Tony Fiore  .....................  Brian Markinson
        Detective Sharon Lazard  ........  Maggie Wheeler
        Judy Bishop  ....................  Dey Young

1.23 "Roland"                                           5/6/94
     w: Chris Ruppenthal                d: David Nutter
        A mentally handicapped janitor seems to be the only suspect in the
     murders of two members of a propulsion research team.  Yet the evidence
     of advanced theoretical work seems to eliminate the possibility, until
     Mulder and Scully uncover his relationship to a scientist whose brain
     has been cryogenically preserved.
        Dr. Keats  ......................  Garry Davey
        Roland Fuller/Dr. Arthur Grable    Zeljko Ivanek
        Mrs. Stodie  ....................  Micole Mercurio
        Tracy  ..........................  Kerry Sandomirsky
        Dr. Frank Nollette  .............  James Sloyan
        Dr. Ronald Surnow  ..............  Matthew Walker

1.24 "The Erlenmeyer Flask"                             5/13/94
     w: Chris Carter                    d: R.W. Goodwin
        When Deep Throat points out a news story about a fugitive who
     apparently drowned, Mulder and Scully cannot see what makes it special.
     But with his insistence, they discover evidence of secret government
     experimentation with extraterrestrial DNA.  However, the evidence and
     everyone who has seen it is quickly being eliminated.
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Dr. Anne Carpenter  .............  Anne DeSalvo
        Crew Cut Man  ...................  Lindsey Ginter
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Dr. Terrance Allen Berube  ......  Ken Kramer
        Captain Roy Lacerio  ............  Jim Leard
        Dr. William Secare  .............  Simon Webb

2.1  "Little Green Men"                                 9/16/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
        Long after the shutdown of the X-Files division, Mulder finds his
     own belief in the truth waning.  So when an old friend gives him a new
     reason to believe, he goes alone to an abandoned SETI program site in
     Puerto Rico.  Concerned, Scully tries to contact him before someone or
     something else does.
        Senator Richard Matheson  .......  Raymond J. Barry
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Jorge Concepcion  ...............  Mike Gomez
        Samantha [Age 8]  ...............  Vanessa Morley
        Mulder [Age 12]  ................  Marcus Turner
 
2.2  "The Host"                                         9/23/94
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Daniel Sackheim
        A man's decomposed body is found in the sewers of Newark, NJ and
     Mulder is given this supposedly routine murder case.  But after
     Scully's autopsy turns up a parasite living inside the body and a sewer
     worker is attacked and bitten by something, it opens up a whole new can
     of worms.
        Detective Norman  ...............  Freddy Andeiuci
        Agent Brisentine  ...............  Marc Bauer
        Flukeman  .......................  Darin Morgan

2.3  "Blood"                                            9/30/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
     story by: Darin Morgan
        A recent rash of killings in the small town of Franklin, PA brings
     Mulder to profile the murderers.  A task made more difficult by the
     fact that none of them had any previous history of violence and all
     died at the end of their berserker rages.  The only clues he has is
     some destroyed electronics and an unknown organic substance.
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Sheriff Spencer  ................  John Cygan
        Harry McNally  ..................  Andre Daniels
        Bonnie McRoberts  ...............  Kimberly Ashlyn Gere
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Taber  ..........................  John Harris
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Edward Funsch  ..................  William Sanderson
        County Supervisor Larry Winter  .  George Touliatos

2.4  "Sleepless"                                        10/7/94
     w: Howard Gordon                   d: Rob Bowman
        An audio cassette hidden in his morning paper brings Mulder to
     request the case of a scientist's death consistent with burning,
     despite the lack of any evidence of any flames or burns.  He is given
     his request...along with a new partner.  But together they must find
     the murderer before the case can be laid to rest.
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Salvatore Matola  ...............  Jonathan Gries
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Augustus Cole  ..................  Tony Todd
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams

2.5  "Duane Barry"                                      10/14/94
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Chris Carter
        An ex-FBI agent escapes from a mental hospital and holds several
     people hostage in a travel agency.  Mulder and Krycek are sent in to
     help with the negotiations since the man claims to have been a UFO
     abductee.  Part one of two.
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Agent Lucy Kazdin  ..............  CCH Pounder
        Duane Barry  ....................  Steve Railsback
        Dr. Del Hakkie  .................  Frank C. Turner

2.6  "Ascension"                                        10/21/94
     w: Paul Brown                      d: Michael Lange
        Returning home to find the phone message left by Scully, Mulder
     immediately sets off to locate Duane Barry, but is unable to make any
     headway until a police video from a traffic violation yields a clue
     which lifts his spirits.  Part two of two.
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Margaret Scully  ................  Sheila Larken
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Duane Barry  ....................  Steve Railsback
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams

2.7  "3"                                                11/4/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: David Nutter
     original script: Chris Ruppenthal
        Despite Scully's absence, Mulder finds the strength to continue his
     work on the recently reopened X-Files.  When he recognizes a Los
     Angeles killing as the work of the Trinity murderers, a trio of killers
     with a fetish for drinking blood, it gives him work in which to immerse
     himself.
        Detective Nettles  ..............  Frank Ferrucci
        Detective Munson  ...............  Tom McBeath
        The Son aka John  ...............  Frank Military
        The Father  .....................  Gustavo Moreno
        Kristen Kilar  ..................  Perrey Reeves
        The Unholy Spirit  ..............  Justina Vail

2.8  "One Breath"                                       11/11/94
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: R.W. Goodwin
        Scully mysteriously appears in a Washington D.C. hospital, kept
     alive almost entirely by machines.  Frustrated by his inability to help
     her, Mulder drives himself crazy trying to find the people responsible.
     Though his quest for vengeance could make him exactly like those whom
     he despises.
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Dr. Daly  .......................  Jay Brazeau
        Nurse G. Owens  .................  Nicola Cavendish
        Captain William Scully  .........  Don Davis
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Margaret Scully  ................  Sheila Larken
        Melissa Scully  .................  Melinda McGraw
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams

2.9  "Firewalker"                                       11/18/94
     w: Howard Gordon                   d: David Nutter
        A malfunction in a robot designed for volcanic exploration yields
     evidence of a lifeform living in the caves.  When this lifeform
     seemingly causes the death of a member of the research team, Mulder and
     Scully are flown out to the site to investigate before anyone else
     dies.
        Peter Tanaka  ...................  Hiro Kanagawa
        Eric Parker  ....................  David Kaye
        Vosberg  ........................  David Lewis
        Dr. Adam Pierce  ................  Tuck Milligan
        Jason Ludwig  ...................  Leland Orser
        Technician  .....................  Torben Rolfsen
        Jesse O'Neil  ...................  Shawnee Smith
        Dr. Daniel Trepkos  .............  Bradley Whitford

2.10 "Red Museum"                                       12/9/94
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Win Phelps
        Several Wisconsin teens are found wandering outside in their
     underwear with "He is one" scrawled on their backs.  Mulder and Scully
     travel to investigate this aberrant behavior, though the strangest
     thing in this meat-producing area is a cult of vegetarian "walk-ins." 
        Beth Kane  ......................  Gillian Barber
        Sheriff Mazeroski  ..............  Steve Eastin
        Crew Cut Man  ...................  Lindsey Ginter
        Richard Odin  ...................  Mark Rolston
        Gird Thomas  ....................  Paul Sand

2.11 "Excelsis Dei"                                    12/16/94
     w: Paul Brown                      d: Stephen Surjik
        Mulder and Scully's latest case begins with the rape and battery of
     a nurse in a Massachusetts convalescent home.  What makes it an X-File
     is her claim that her attacker was invisible.  But upon their arrival,
     they discover that the unrest is not limited only to the live-in
     residents.
        Dorothy  ........................  Frances Bay
        Stan Phillips  ..................  Eric Christmas
        Hal Arden  ......................  David Fresco
        Michelle Charters  ..............  Teryl Rothery
        Gung Bittouen  ..................  Sab Shimono

2.12 "Aubrey"                                           1/6/95
     w: Sara B. Charno                  d: Rob Bowman
        In a dream, a policewoman experiences the memory of a serial killing
     and unearths the body of the FBI agent sent to investigate it nearly 50
     years ago.  When the serial killer strikes again, Mulder and Scully
     work with the detective to determine the killer's identity.
        Mrs. Thibedeaux  ................  Joy Coghill
        Lieutenant Brian Tillman  .......  Terry O'Quinn
        Detective B.J. Morrow  ..........  Deborah Strang
        Harry Cokely  ...................  Morgan Woodward

2.13 "Irresistible"                                     1/13/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: David Nutter
        An female corpse, dug-up and mutilated, is brought to Mulder's
     attention by a Minnesota agent claiming it as the work of aliens.
     Mulder believes otherwise and is vindicated when a similarly mutilated
     prostitute is found.  Meanwhile Scully has to deal with how this case
     seems to be affecting her.
        Donald Addie Pfaster  ...........  Nick Chinlund
        Toews  ..........................  Robert Thurston
        Agent Moe Bocks  ................  Bruce Weitz
        Agent Karen E. Kosseff  .........  Christine Willes
        Marilyn  ........................  Denalda Williams

2.14 "Die Hand Die Verletzt"                            1/27/95
     w: Glen Morgan & James Wong        d: Kim Manners
        Some teenagers' feign an occult ritual in an attempt to score and
     inadvertantly cause the murder of one of their group.  When Mulder and
     Scully are called to look into the matter, the town's real worshippers
     attempt to hide their tracks though they fear that the boys' attempt to
     "get some," got them more than they thought.
        Phyllis H. Paddock  .............  Susan Blommaert
        Jim Ausbury  ....................  Dan Butler
        Pete Calcagni  ..................  Shaun Johnson
        Shannon Ausbury  ................  Heather McComb

2.15 "Fresh Bones"                                      2/3/95
     w: Howard Gordon                   d: Rob Bowman
        When a soldier stationed at a resettlement camp for Haitians drives
     himself into a tree, Mulder and Scully are called by the grieving and
     fearful wife.  Her fears of a voodoo curse seem only to be reinforced
     by the beliefs and actions of many of the local residents, including a
     few of the other soldiers.
        Colonel Wharton  ................  Daniel Benzali
        Private Jack McAlpin  ...........  Kevin Conway
        Private Kittel  .................  Roger Cross
        Robin McAlpin  ..................  Katya Gardner
        Private Harry Dunham  ...........  Matt Hill
        Lieutenant Foyle  ...............  Peter Kelamis
        Skinny Man  .....................  Adrien Malebranche
        Groundskeeper  ..................  Callum Keith Rennie
        Chester Bonaparte  ..............  Jamil Walker Smith
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams
        Pierre Bauvais  .................  Bruce Young

2.16 "Colony"                                           2/10/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Nick Marck
     story by: Chris Carter & David Duchovny
        A newspaper ad placed to locate a certain doctor sets off the murder
     of several people with the same face.  When Scully and Mulder locate
     another look-alike, they work to find him before the killer does.
     Coming to Mulder's aid is another familiar face, but one he wasn't
     expecting.  Part one of two.
        CIA Agent Ambrose Chapel  .......  Tom Butler
        William Mulder  .................  Peter Donat
        Dr. Landon Prince/Gregor's  .....  Dana Gladstone
        FBI Agent  ......................  David L. Gordon
        Field Doctor  ...................  Bonnie Hay
        Federal Marshall  ...............  Tim Henry
        Agent Barry Weiss  ..............  Andrew Johnston
        Samantha Mulder  ................  Megan Leitch
        Military Policeman  .............  Michael McDonald
        First Jailer  ...................  Capper McIntyre
        Mrs. Mulder  ....................  Rebecca Toolan
        Pilot  ..........................  Brian Thompson

2.17 "End Game"                                         2/17/95
     w: Frank Spotnitz                  d: Rob Bowman
        When Scully is taken captive by the bounty hunter, Mulder must give
     up a recently returned loved one in exchange.  However, when his trap
     goes awry, Mulder tracks the hunter far to the icy north in an effort
     to find the one he has lost twice.  Part two of two.
        Lieutenant Terry Wilmer  ........  Colin Cunningham
        William Mulder  .................  Peter Donat
        Samantha Mulder  ................  Megan Leitch
        Pilot  ..........................  Brian Thompson
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams
        Paramedic  ......................  Beatrice Zeilinger

2.18 "Fearful Symmetry"                                 2/24/95
     w: Steve DeJarnatt                 d: James Whitmore, Jr.
        The death of a federal construction worker and the destruction of
     various property can only be tied to an escaped elephant.  Yet the
     witnesses claim to have seen no animals which might have caused the
     turmoil.  So, Mulder and Scully check out the local zoo whose claim to
     fame is that they've never had a successful animal birth.
        Ray Floyd  ......................  Charles Andre
        Willa Ambrose  ..................  Jayne Atkinson
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Kyle Lang  ......................  Lance Guest
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Ed Meecham  .....................  Jack Rader

2.19 "Dod Kalm"                                         3/10/95
     w: Howard Gordon & Alex Gansa      d: Rob Bowman
     story by: Howard Gordon
        The last known position of the U.S.S. Argent was in the Norwegian
     equivalent of the Bermuda Triangle until a boatload of survivors is
     found.  What particularly catches Mulder's inquisitive eye is that all
     of these sailors appear to have aged many decades in the course of
     days.
        Halverson  ......................  Mar Anderson
        Lieutenant Richard Harper  ......  Dmitry Chepovetsky
        Captain Barclay .................  David Cubitt
        Ionesco  ........................  Stephen Dimopoulos
        Olafsson  .......................  Vladimir Kulich
        Sailor  .........................  John McConnach
        Nurse  ..........................  Bob Metcalfe
        Burke  ..........................  Claire Riley
        Henry Trondheim  ................  John Savage

2.20 "Humbug"                                           3/31/95
     w: Darin Morgan                    d: Kim Manners
        Mulder and Scully must find the paranormal among the abnormal when
     they are sent to investigate a long standing series of ritualistic
     killings which match no known patterns.  The latest of which was the
     death of the "alligator man," just one of many sideshow acts around
     which the town of Gibsonton, FA is built.
        Mr. Nutt  .......................  Michael Anderson
        Curator  ........................  Alex Diakun
        The Conundrum  ..................  The Enigma
        Sheriff Hamilton  ...............  Wayne Grace
        Jerald Glazebrook  ..............  John Payne
        Dr. Blockhead aka Jeffrey Swaim    Jim Rose
        Lanny  ..........................  Vincent Schiavelli
        Waiter  .........................  Debis Simpson
        Glazebrook [older]  .............  Blair Slater
        Hepcat Helm  ....................  George Tipple
        Glazebrook [younger]  ...........  Devin Walker

2.21 "The Calusari"                                     4/14/95
     w: Sara B. Charno                  d: Michael Vejar
        A photograph taken just prior to the death of a two year old boy
     yields evidence of some supernatural intervention which piques Mulder's
     curiosity.  When another death in the family occurs, the grandmother of
     the remaining child requests the aid of some Romanian ritualists in
     order to cleanse the home of evil.
        Charlie/Michael Holvey  .........  Joel Palmer
        Golda  ..........................  Lilyan Chauvin
        Maggie Holvey  ..................  Helena Clarkson
        Dr. Charles Burk  ...............  Bill Dow
        Head Calusari  ..................  Kay E. Kuter
        Steve Holvey  ...................  Ric Reid
        Teddy Holvey  ...................  Oliver & Jeremy Isaac Wildsmith
        Agent Karen E. Kosseff  .........  Christine Willes
        
2.22 "F. Emasculata"                                    4/28/95
     w: Chris Carter & Howard Gordon    d: Rob Bowman
        Mulder and Scully find themselves sent to a penitentiary in order to
     participate in the retrieval of two escaped convicts.  Confused about
     the reason for FBI involvement, they look a little deeper and discover
     a highly contagious and deadly disease has infected many of the
     inmates, and possibly the two escapees as well.
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Paul  ...........................  John Pyper-Ferguson
        U.S. Marshal Tapia  .............  Dean Norris
        Dr. Simon Auerbach  .............  Morris Panych
        Dr. Osbourne  ...................  Charles Martin Smith
        Steve  ..........................  John Tench
        Angelo Garza  ...................  Angelo Vacco

2.23 "Soft Light"                                       5/ 5/95
     w: Vince Gilligan                  d: James Contner
        An ex-student of Scully's asks Mulder and Scully to help her with
     her first investigation concerning a number of disappearances with very
     few clues.  Mulder ponders the idea of spontaneous human combustion but
     rethinks it when they find a man who is afraid of his own shadow.
        Government Scientist  ...........  Forbes Angus
        Second Officer  .................  Steve Bacic
        Detective Barron  ...............  Nathaniel Deveaux
        Barney  .........................  Guyle Fraizer
        Dr. Christopher Davey  ..........  Kevin McNulty
        Doctor  .........................  Robert Rozen
        Dr. Chester Ray Banton  .........  Tony Shalhoub
        Detective Kelly Ryan  ...........  Kate Twa
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams
        Night Nurse  ....................  Donna Yamamoto

2.24 "Our Town"                                         5/12/95
     w: Frank Spotnitz                  d: Rob Bowman
        Dudley, Arkansas is the site of the latest investigation for Mulder
     and Scully, who are sent to find a missing poultry inspector.  The case
     takes a twist when another poultry worker is shot after she goes
     insane, giving Mulder a hunch that the townfolk really are what they
     eat.
        Sheriff Tom Arens  ..............  Gary Grubbs
        Doris Kearns  ...................  Caroline Kava
        George Kearns  ..................  John MacLaren
        Creighton Jones  ................  Hrothgar Matthews
        Walter Chaco  ...................  John Milford
        Paula Gray  .....................  Gabrielle Miller
        Dr. Vance Randolph  .............  Robin Mossley
        Jess Harold  ....................  Timothy Webber

2.A  "The Secrets of the X-Files"                       5/19/95
     w: Ron Scalera & Bart Montgomery
        A one hour special retrospective on the first two seasons of the
     show.
        Narrator  .......................  Richard Courtney

2.25 "Anasazi"                                          5/19/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: R.W. Goodwin
     story by: David Duchovny & Chris Carter
        The trust that Mulder and Scully is sorely tested when Mulder begins
     acting strangely.  His aberrant behavior is compounded when the Lone
     Gunmen direct him to a hacker who managed to break into some very
     closely guarded files.  So, the Smoking Man quickly takes action while
     Scully investigates Mulder's abnormalcy.  Part one of three.
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Thinker aka Kenneth Soona  ......  Bernie Coulson
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Antonio  ........................  Aurelio Dinunzio
        William Mulder  .................  Peter Donat
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Agent Kautz  ....................  Paul McLean
        Father  .........................  Byron Chief Moon
        Josephine Doane  ................  Renae Morriseau
        Senior FBI Agent  ...............  Michael David Simms
        Albert Hosteen  .................  Floyd "Red Crow" Westerman

3.1  "The Blessing Way"                                 9/22/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: R.W. Goodwin
        The Smoking Man works quickly to recover the stolen computer files,
     but finds himself thwarted by a man whom he hope is dead.  Meanwhile,
     Scully finds herself at a loss for her next step and turns to her family
     for support, since Mulder is otherwise engaged fighting for survival.
     Part two of three.
        M.D.  ...........................  Forbes Angus
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Hispanic Man  ...................  Lenno Britos
        Camouflage Man  .................  Mitchell Davies
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        William Mulder  .................  Peter Donat
        Security Guard  .................  Ernie Foort
        Tour Guide  .....................  Benita Ha
        Deep Throat  ....................  Jerry Hardin
        Eric Hosteen  ...................  Dakota House
        Dr. Mark Pomerantz  .............  Alf Humphreys
        Margaret Scully  ................  Sheila Larken
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Melissa Scully  .................  Melinda McGraw
        Well-Manicured Man  .............  John Neville
        Senior FBI Agent  ...............  Michael David Simms
        Mrs. Mulder  ....................  Rebecca Toolan
        Minister  .......................  Ian Victor
        Albert Hosteen  .................  Floyd "Red Crow" Westerman
        Elder  ..........................  Don S. Williams

3.2  "Paper Clip"                                       9/29/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Rob Bowman
        Reunited, Mulder and Scully locate an old scientist from Nazi
     Germany, pardoned through Operation Paper Clip.  The information he
     gives them leads to their discovery of something which could mean
     their deaths.  Part three of three.
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Victor Klemper  .................  Walter Gotell
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Margaret Scully  ................  Sheila Larken
        Agent Alex Krycek  ..............  Nicholas Lea
        Well-Manicured Man  .............  John Neville
        Mrs. Mulder  ....................  Rebecca Toolan
        Albert Hosteen  .................  Floyd "Red Crow" Westerman

3.3  "D.P.O."                                           10/6/95
     w: Howard Gordon                   d: Kim Manners
        Mulder is skeptical over a coroner's report regarding the fifth
     person to be struck by lightning in a small Oklahoma town.  Their
     investigation into the latest death seems to point to the only person
     to have survived a lightning strike, an emotionally-charged youth.
        Stan Buxton  ....................  Peter Anderson
        Jack Hammond  ...................  Mar Andersons
        Zero  ...........................  Jack Black
        Traffic Cop  ....................  Brent Chapman
        First Paramedic  ................  Jason Anthony Griffith
        Sheriff Teller  .................  Ernie Lively
        Frank Kiveat  ...................  Steve Makaj
        Darren Peter Oswald  ............  Giovanni Ribisi
        Mrs. Oswald  ....................  Kate Robbins
        Sharon Kiveat  ..................  Karen Witter

3.4  "Clyde Bruckman's Final Repose"                   10/13/95
     w: Darin Morgan                    d: Rob Bowman
        Skeptical of a famous psychic's predictions regarding the murder
     of several prognosticators, Mulder instead finds someone who he
     believes truly can predict the future.  Though catching the killer
     could prove difficult, particularly if the murderer can also see into
     his future.
        Photographer  ...................  Greg Anderson
        Clyde Bruckman  .................  Peter Boyle
        The Stupendous Yappi  ...........  Jaap Broeker
        Detective Cline  ................  Frank Cassini
        Puppet  .........................  Stu Charno
        Tarot Dealer  ...................  Alex Diakun
        Madame Zelma  ...................  Karin Konoval
        Detective Havez  ................  Dwight McFee
        Mr. Gordon  .....................  David MacKay
        Clerk  ..........................  Ken Roberts

3.5  "The List"                                        10/20/95
     w: Chris Carter                    d: Chris Carter
        A death row inmate's promise of reincarnation for the purpose of
     avenging the injustice of his execution begins to be fulfilled with the
     death of one of the Florida prison's guards.  The fear of his
     retribution has everyone scrambling to determine if they are on the
     list of his five victims, including Mulder and Scully who are trying to
     determine how he has returned to execute his tormentors.
        Key Guard  ......................  Denny Arnold
        Guard  ..........................  Craig Brunanski
        Napoleon "Neech" Manley  ........  Badja Djola
        Chaplain  .......................  Joseph Patrick Finn
        Vincent Parmelly  ...............  Ken Foree
        Danielle Manley  ................  April Grace
        Fornier  ........................  Mitchell Kosterman
        Perry Simon  ....................  Bruce Pinard
        Ullrich  ........................  Paul Raskin
        Danny Charez  ...................  Greg Rogers
        John Speranza  ..................  John Toles-Bey
        Warden Leo Brodeur  .............  J.T. Walsh
        Sammon Roque  ...................  Bokeem Woodbine

3.6  "2Shy"                                            11/3/95
     w: Jeffrey Vlaming                 d: David Nutter
        Meeting insecure women through an on-line service, a serial killer
     seduces his prey with the right words.  However, Mulder and Scully
     determine these killings are far from ordinary by the presence of a
     strange substance coating the victims, a substance which seems to
     digest the fatty acids in flesh.
        Virgil Incanto  .................  Timothy Carhart
        Monica  .........................  Glynis Davies
        Detective Alan Cross  ...........  James Handy
        Jennifer  .......................  Suzy Joachim
        Lauren MacKalvey  ...............  Randi Lynne
        Agent Kazanjian  ................  William MacDonald
        Jesse  ..........................  Aloka McLean
        Ellen Kaminsky  .................  Catherine Paolone
        Joanne Steffen  .................  Kerry Sandomirsky

3.7  "The Walk"                                        11/10/95
     w: John Shiban                     d: Rob Bowman
        Another failed suicide attempt by a patient in a military hospital
     interests Mulder with the talk of a "phantom soldier" which has
     prevented the man's death.  The general in charge is at first opposed
     to the FBI's involvement until the invisible killer begins stalking
     him.  But none believe when the primary suspect is a quadraplegic.
        Frances Callahan  ...............  Andrea Barclay
        Quinton "Roach" Freely  .........  Willie Garson
        Army Doctor  ....................  Deryl Hayes
        General Thomas Callahan  ........  Thomas Kopache
        Trevor Callahan  ................  Brennan Kotowich
        Amputee  ........................  Rob Lee
        Ward Nurse  .....................  Paula Shaw
        Captain Janet Draper  ...........  Nancy Sorel
        Lt. Colonel Victor Stans  .......  Don Thompson
        Leonard "Rappo" Trimble  ........  Ian Tracey
        Burly Nurse  ....................  Beatrice Zeilinger

3.8  "Oubliette"                                       11/17/95
     w: Charles Grant Craig             d: Kim Manners
        When a young girl is kidnapped from her home, a fast food worker
     miles away collapse on the job, apparently experiencing exactly what
     the child is feeling.  When Mulder learns that the woman was kidnapped
     and held hostage for years as a child, he begins to believe that she
     may be the key to help find the missing girl.
        Myra Jacobs  ....................  Sidonie Boll
        Carl Wade  ......................  Michael Chieffo
        Lucy Householder  ...............  Tracey Ellis
        Mr. Larken  .....................  David Fredericks
        Henry  ..........................  Jacques LaLonde
        Special Agent Walt Eubanks  .....  Ken Ryan
        Fast Food Supervisor  ...........  Dolly Scarr
        Amy Jacobs  .....................  Jewel Staite
        Tow Truck Driver  ...............  Dean Wray

3.9  "Nisei"                                           11/24/95
     w: Chris Carter & Howard Gordon & Frank Spotnitz
     d: David Nutter
        A mail order videotape of an alien autopsy blossoms into a much
     more complicated investigation when Mulder and Scully find the
     distributor of the tape murdered in his own home apparently by a
     high-ranking Japanese diplomat.  Following up individual leads, Scully
     finds herself recognized by complete strangers while Mulder tries to
     find out more about the origin of the video.  Part one of two.
        Penny  ..........................  Gillian Barber
        Senator Richard Matheson  .......  Raymond J. Barry
        Agent Pendrell  .................  Brendan Beiser
        Frohike  ........................  Tom Braidwood
        Langly  .........................  Dean Haglund
        Byers  ..........................  Bruce Harwood
        Dr. Takeo Ishimaru  .............  Robert Ito
        Lottie Holloway  ................  Corrine Koslo
        Red-Haired Man  .................  Stephen McHattie
        Coast Guard Officer  ............  Paul McLean
        Kazuo Sakurai  ..................  Yasuo Sakurai
        Diane  ..........................  Lori Triolo
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams

3.10 "731"                                             12/1/95
     w: Frank Spotnitz                  d: Rob Bowman
        Scully takes Mr. X's advice to heart and investigates more into
     the implant she removed from her neck.  Mulder, having ignored the
     advice given him, finds himself trapped on the train with a Japanese
     scientist and the man sent to kill him.  Part two of two.
        Agent Pendrell  .................  Brenden Beiser
        Escalante  ......................  Colin Cunningham
        Smoking Man  ....................  William B. Davis
        Dr. Shiro Zama aka Dr. Takeo
           Ishimaru  ....................  Robert Ito
        Red-Haired Man  .................  Stephen McHattie
        Conductor  ......................  Michael Puttonen
        Elder  ..........................  Don S. Williams
        Mr. X  ..........................  Steven Williams

3.11 "Revelations"                                     12/15/95?
        Reverend Findley  ...............  R. Lee Ermey
        Mrs. Tynes  .....................  Nicole Robert
        Susan Kryder  ...................  Hayley Tyson
        Millennium Man  .................  Kenneth Welsh
        School Nurse  ...................  Selina Williams
        Kevin Kryder  ...................  Kevin Zegers


Season 1 History (1993-1994)
============================
Note:  All dates are the national US broadcast dates, any local pre-emptions
       or reschedulings are not reflected.

Code Episode                        Air Date  Rebroadcasts
---- -------                        --------  ------------
1X79 "The X-Files" (1.1)             9/10/93   1/17/94* 11/ 6/94*
1X01 "Deep Throat" (1.2)             9/17/93  12/24/93   6/24/94
1X02 "Squeeze" (1.3)                 9/24/93  12/ 3/93   6/10/94  11/ 4/95*
1X03 "Conduit" (1.4)                10/ 1/93  12/14/93*  5/27/94
1X04 "Jersey Devil" (1.5)           10/ 8/93  12/31/93   7/22/94
1X05 "Shadows" (1.6)                10/22/93   3/ 4/94   5/26/95
1X06 "Ghost in the Machine" (1.7)   10/29/93   1/14/94
1X07 "Ice" (1.8)                    11/ 5/93   1/17/94*  8/12/94   3/ 3/95
1X08 "Space" (1.9)                  11/12/93   1/28/94   8/22/94*
1X09 "Fallen Angel" (1.10)          11/19/93   3/29/94* 11/13/94*
1X10 "Eve" (1.11)                   12/10/93   3/11/94   8/26/94
1X11 "Fire" (1.12)                  12/17/93   3/25/94  11/20/94*
1X12 "Beyond the Sea" (1.13)         1/ 7/94   4/ 8/94  12/22/95?
1X13 "GenderBender" (1.14)           1/21/94   5/20/94   7/21/95
1X14 "Lazarus" (1.15)                2/ 4/94   6/ 3/94   9/ 2/94
1X15 "Young at Heart" (1.16)         2/11/94   6/17/94   8/19/94
1X16 "E.B.E." (1.17)                 2/18/94   7/ 8/94  11/27/94*
1X17 "Miracle Man" (1.18)            3/18/94   7/ 1/94
1X18 "Shapes" (1.19)                 4/ 1/94  10/28/94   8/ 4/95
1X19 "Darkness Falls" (1.20)         4/15/94   8/ 5/94  12/ 2/94
1X20 "Tooms" (1.21)                  4/22/94   7/15/94  11/ 4/95*
1X21 "Born Again" (1.22)             4/29/94   8/22/94*
1X22 "Roland" (1.23)                 5/ 6/94   7/29/94
1X23 "The Erlenmeyer Flask" (1.24)   5/13/94   9/ 9/94   9/ 1/95

* - indicates "Special Presentations," i.e. - episodes broadcast on a
      different night and time.

Pre-emptions:  10/15/93 - _Baseball Relief_
               11/26/93 - _Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II_
                2/25/94 - _Hot Shots_

Awards/Honors:  Average Nielsen ratings for this season:  6.4
                Overall Nielsen ranking:  102nd out of 118 shows.
                Best Drama Series given by the Environmental Media Awards
                   for the episode "Darkness Falls"
                Nominated for an Edgar Award by the Mystery Writers of
                   America for "The Erlenmeyer Flask"
                Endorsed by the Viewers for Quality Television.
                Emmy Nominations:
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement in Graphics Design and
                      Title Sequence
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement for Main Title Theme
                      Music (Mark Snow)


Season 2 History (1994-1995)
============================

Code Episode                        Air Date  Rebroadcasts
---- -------                        --------  ------------
2X01 "Little Green Men" (2.1)        9/16/94  12/23/94   9/ 8/95
2X02 "The Host" (2.2)                9/23/94  12/30/94
2X03 "Blood" (2.3)                   9/30/94   1/20/95
2X04 "Sleepless" (2.4)              10/ 7/94   3/17/95
2X05 "Duane Barry" (2.5)            10/14/94   6/ 2/95
2X06 "Ascension" (2.6)              10/21/94   6/ 9/95
2X07 "3" (2.7)                      11/ 4/94   6/16/95
2X08 "One Breath" (2.8)             11/11/94   6/23/95
2X09 "Firewalker" (2.9)             11/18/94   3/24/95
2X10 "Red Museum" (2.10)            12/ 9/94   4/21/95
2X11 "Excelsis Dei" (2.11)          12/16/94   4/ 7/95
2X12 "Aubrey" (2.12)                 1/ 6/95   6/30/95
2X13 "Irresistible" (2.13)           1/13/95   7/ 7/95
2X14 "Die Hand Die Verletzt" (2.14)  1/27/95   7/14/95
2X15 "Fresh Bones" (2.15)            2/ 3/95  12/ 8/95?
2X16 "Colony" (2.16)                 2/10/95   8/15/95*
2X17 "End Game" (2.17)               2/17/95   8/15/95*
2X18 "Fearful Symmetry" (2.18)       2/24/95
2X19 "Dod Kalm" (2.19)               3/10/95  11/24/95*
2X20 "Humbug" (2.20)                 3/31/95  10/27/95
2X21 "The Calusari" (2.21)           4/14/95   7/28/95
2X22 "F. Emasculata" (2.22)          4/28/95   8/11/95
2X23 "Soft Light" (2.23)             5/ 5/95   8/25/95
2X24 "Our Town" (2.24)               5/12/95
N/A  "The Secrets of the X-Files"    5/19/95*  9/ 4/95*
2X25 "Anasazi" (2.25)                5/19/95   9/15/95

Pre-emptions:  11/25/94 - _Beethoven_
                8/18/95 - NFL Preseason Game

Awards/Honors:  Average Nielsen rating for this season:  14.5
                Overall Nielsen ranking:  64th out of 141 shows.
                Best TV Drama Series by the Environmental Media Awards for
                   the episode "Fearful Symmetry."
                Cinematographer John Bartley nominated for an Outstanding
                   Achievement Award by American Society of Cinematographers
                   for his work on "Duane Barry."
                Endorsed by the Viewers for Quality Television
                Quality Awards nominations:
                   Best Drama
                   Best Actor in a Drama (David Duchovny)
                   Best Actress in a Drama (Gillian Anderson)
                Nominated by Television Critic's Association for Best Drama.
                Golden Globe Award for Best Television Series--Drama.
                Emmy nominations:
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement in Cinematography for
                      a Series (John Bartley, "One Breath")
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement in Editing for a
                      Series--Single Camera Production (James Coblentz,
                      "Duane Barry")
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement in Editing for a
                      Series--Single Camera Production (Stephen Mark,
                      "Sleepless")
                   Outstanding Sound Editing for a Series (Supervising Sound
                      Editor: Thierry Couturier; Dialogue Editors: Machiek
                      Malish, Chris Reeves, Marty Stein, Jay Levine; Sound
                      Effects Editors: Stuart Calderon, Michael Kimball,
                      David Van Slyke, Susan Welsh, Chris Fradkin, Matt
                      West; Music Editor: Jeff Charbonneau; ADR Editor:
                      Debby Ruby Winsberg, "Duane Barry")
                   Outstanding Guest Actress in a Drama Series (C.C.H.
                      Pounder, "Duane Barry")
                   Outstanding Individual Achievement in Writing in a
                      Dramatic Series (Chris Carter, "Duane Barry")
                   Outstanding Drama Series


Season 3 History (1995-1996)
============================

Code Episode                        Air Date  Rebroadcasts
---- -------                        --------  ------------
3X01 "The Blessing Way" (3.1)        9/22/95
3X02 "Paper Clip" (3.2)              9/29/95
3X03 "D.P.O." (3.3)                 10/ 6/95
3X04 "Clyde Bruckman's Final        10/13/95
        Repose" (3.4)
3X05 "The List" (3.5)               10/20/95
3X06 "2Shy" (3.6)                   11/ 3/95
3X07 "The Walk" (3.7)               11/10/95
3X08 "Oubliette" (3.8)              11/17/95
3X09 "Nisei" (3.9)                  11/24/95
3X10 "731" (3.10)                   12/ 1/95
3X11 "Revelations" (3.11)           12/15/95?

? - indicates that this may be subject to change.


Comics
======
        At the start of 1995, the X-Files comic series was made available by
Topps Comics.  Correspondence concerning the comic should be sent to:
     "The X-Files"
     c/o Topps Comics
     1 Whitehall Street
     New York, NY  10004-2109

# 1  "Not To Be Opened until Xmas" - January '95
     writer: Stefan Petrucha         artist: Charles Adlard
     cover: Miran Kim
        When the final Fatima Prophecy is stolen from the Vatican, it is
     tied to a murder in New York city, where Mulder and Scully pick up the
     case.
     Note:  There was also a black and white ashcan release of the first
            half of this book in Star Wars Galaxy #2.
        
# 2  "A Dismembrance of Things Past" - February '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        The recent death of several witnesses to a UFO crash forty-seven
     years ago prompts someone to convince Mulder and Scully to investigate
     in order to protect a retired general who was also there in Neola,
     Kansas.  Part one of two.

# 3  "A Little Dream of Me" - March '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        General Palmer's timely suicide leads Mulder to a shady character
     who promises to give him Samantha if Mulder will steal the Pentagon
     computer access codes.  Part two of two.

N/A  "A Trick of the Light" - April '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Jim Salicrup
        Mulder and Scully look into an artist whose models are disappearing.
     Note:  This was a special insert into Hero Illustrated #22.

# 4  "Firebird Part One: Khobka's Lament" - April '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Mulder and Scully are puzzled by the remains of a scientist found in
     an overturned truck in New Mexico.  The bones of the scientist, who was
     continuing a relatives research into the Tunguska meteorite, seem to
     have ages thousands of years, though the man was nearly thirty.  Part
     one of three.

# 5  "Firebird Part Two: Crescit Eundo" - May '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Having found Khobka, Mulder and Scully try to escape the ruined
     facility and the creature.  Scully manages to bring the old man to
     safety, but Mulder is not so lucky.  Part two of three.

N/A  Special Edition - June '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        All of the first three comics in one release.

# 6  "Firebird Part Three:  A Brief Authority" - June '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Mulder is asked to speak with Khobka on behalf of the cabal, in the
     hopes that he knows how to stop the Firebird from destroying the
     entire state.  Part three of three.

N/A  "Circle Game" - July '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
        A sudden concentration of crop circles peaks Mulder's interest.
     This was a short 5-page story published inside of the July 15-21, 1995
     issue of TV Guide.

# 7  "Trepanning Opera" - July '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Mulder is asked to aid in a murder case where victims have had a
     hole drilled into their heads creating a "third eye," a process known
     as trepanning.  However, even Mulder may have some problems considering
     the murderer seems to be able to see into the future.

An1  "Hallow Eve" - August '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Bones turned up in an archaelogical dig in search of "Eve," the
     female progenitor of the human race, seem to be the cause of the
     deaths of everyone who comes in contact with them.  Scully finds that
     she needs some help from spirit world in order to tackle what may be
     the angry spirit of all mankind.

# 8  "Silent Cities of the Mind: Part One" - August '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        A doctor whose outrageous theories about cannibalism vanishes in
     the mountains of Alaska, where he believes a lost city can be found.
     Mulder is forced to wonder about the truth of those theories when a
     plane crash provides some food for thought.  Part one of two.

# 9  "Silent Cities of the Mind: Part Two" - September '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        A party comes to the lost city in response to Agent Scully's radio
     for help, however their intent is not a benevolent one.  The
     cannibalistic doctor, on the other hand, seems to be more inclined to
     help now that he's had his fill.  Part two of two.

N/A  Collected Edition - September '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        A collected reprint of the first 6 issues in one paperback volume.

#10  "Feelings of Unreality: Part One - Wheels within Wheels" - October '95
     w: Stefan Petrucha              a: Charles Adlard
     c: Miran Kim
        Mulder makes contact with a strange informant who leads him to the
     revelations that many of their previous cases are all tied together by
     a single conspiracy.  So, while Mulder follows this person to locate
     some tangible evidence, Scully tries her best to confirm or deny
     Mulder's theory.  Part one of three.


Books
=====

        HarperCollins obtained the rights to publish a series of original
X-Files tie-in novels as well as a series of novelizations aimed at a
younger audience.  The original full-length novels are published under the
HarperPrism name and the third novel in the series marks the start of a new
writer, Kevin Anderson.  The novelizations are printed under the
HarperTrophy name.

Novels
------
# 1  _Goblins_
     author: Charles Grant           ISBN: 0-06-105414-3
        Two inexplicable murders near Fort Dix, NJ see Mulder and Scully
     investigating them as a result of some called-in favors.  With very
     little to go on, the ravings of an old woman about goblins don't seem
     so far fetched.

# 2  _Whirlwind_
     author: Charles Grant           ISBN: 0-06-105415-1
        The discovery of several bodies near a Konochine Indian community
     raises the questions as to how these people and cattle had been skinned
     in the matter of seconds.  When Mulder and Scully arrive in New Mexico
     to dig deeper, they find they are met with silence and lies, not only
     from the Indians, but also from the local authorities.

# 3  _Ground Zero_ (Hardcover only, Paperback due for later release)
     author: Kevin J. Anderson       ISBN:


Novelizations
-------------
# 1  _X Marks the Spot_
     author: Les Martin              ISBN: 0-06-440613-X
        Based on the pilot episode.

# 2  _Darkness Falls_
     author: Les Martin              ISBN: 0-06-440614-8
        Based on the episode of the same name.

Miscellaneous
-------------

_The Truth Is Out There:  The Official Guide to the X-Files_
     author: Brian Lowry             ISBN: 0-06-105330-9
        The official guidebook to the television series containing synopses
of the episodes and just about every fact ever mentioned in the show.

_The Unofficial X-Files Companion_
     author: Ngaire E. Genge         ISBN: 0-517-88601-4
        This is an unauthorized book containing brief synopses of the
show and the episodes, but going to greater detail into the true life
paranormal events and circumstances upon which the episodes were based.

--------
For Usenet readers, there are several newsgroups:
   alt.tv.x-files
   alt.tv.x-files.creative (for fan fiction, NOT discussion of the show)
   uk.media.tv.sf.x-files (for UK fans)
   aus.tv.x-files (for Australian fans)
If you do not have a thread at your local site, ask your news administrator.

There is also a mailing list for the show available in instant and digest
formats, to subscribe send e-mail containing "subscribe X-FILES <your name>"
in the body to:
   listproc@chaos.taylored.com
UK fans may wish to consider another mailing list devoted to discussion of
the "current" episodes being shown there.  To subscribe send a similar
messages to the one for the US list to:
   listproc@uel.ac.uk
German fans now also can join a mailing list of their own as well.  Send
mail with "subscribe xf-de" in the body to:
   listserv@stargate.pfalz.de

This and many other TV episode guides can be found via anonymous ftp at:
   ftp.doc.ic.ac.uk [155.198.1.140] in
     /public/media/tv/collections/tardis

Additional X-Files related material can be found at:
   ftp.cs.nmt.edu [129.138.6.48] in /xfiles
      (Most complete and reliable, also archives alt.tv.x-files.creative)
   ftp.rutgers.edu [128.6.4.7] in /pub/x-files
      (Graphics files and mirror of ftp.cs.nmt.edu.  Fast transfers)
   ftp.u.washington.edu [140.142.83.3] in /public/roland/x-files
      (X-Files images only)
   gossamer.eng.ohio-state.edu [164.107.153.13] in /pub/archive/x-files
      (Fanfiction archive)

Also, for Mosaic users, there are many X-Files home pages, here are some of
the more convenient/exceptional ones:
   http://www.delphi.com/XFiles/ (The Official FOX X-Files page)
   http://www.rutgers.edu/x-files.html (Very reliable)
   http://duggy.extern.ucsd.edu/~linny (Starter page)
   http://www.ssc.com/~roland/x-files/x-files.html ("BFI" home page)
   http://www.uml.edu/~ccashman/x-files/x-files.html (Best of a.t.x)
   http://www.infinet.com/~rkidder/x-files/top.html (Magazine articles)
   http://www.wam.umd.edu/~kris (Contains some hard-to-find stuff)
   http://dxhra1.desy.de/~cborys/tv/xf.html (Vancouver information)
   http://www.cs.nmt.edu/xfiles/ (Mirror of the FTP site)
   http://www.neosoft.com/sbanks/xfiles/xfiles.html (Video clips)
   http://www.netaxs.com/~hager/x-files.html (Quicktime video clips)
   http://eewww.eng.ohio-state.edu/~juodvalk/x-files (Fanfiction archives)
   http://www.egr.uh.edu/~escco/DDEB.html (DDEB Home Page)
   http://www.webcom.com/~walterh (Duchovniks' home page)
   http://www.bchs.uh.edu/~ecantu/gatb/gatb.html (GATB home page)
   http://www.tpoint.net/~rmayhall/main.html (Mitch Pileggi page)
   http://www.gatech.edu/lcc/idt/Students/Penberthy/X-Files/ [cont'd]
      UnofficialChannels.html (Walter Skinner page)
   http://rschp2.anu.edu.au:8080/XFiles.html (Australia)
   http://www.cs.mu.oz.au/~simc/xfiles.html (Australia)
   http://www.iis.com.br/~lpaulo/xfiles.htm (Brazil)
   http://gpu2.srv.ualberta.ca/~vichan/www/x-files.html (Canada)
   http://www.unix-ag.uni-kl.de/~kleinhen/bin/lwgate (German mail list)
   http://www.eeng.dcu.ie/~stdcu/x-files/x-files.html (Ireland)
   http://www.cs.unibo.it/~cobianch/index.html (Italy)
   http://www.stack.urc.tue.nl/~danny/x-files.html (Netherlands)
   http://bundy.hibo.no/~Larsen/x-files/x-files.html (in Norwegian)
   http://www.iscs.nus.sg/~chengmin/xfiles/xf.html (Singapore)
   http://www.zynet.co.uk/simon/x-files/ (United Kingdom)
   http://metro.turnpike.net/~ptang/index.html (uk.media.sf.tv.x-files Page)
   http://www.io.org/~jshum/phpl.cgi?html/xfsites.html (Lots of links)
