ORGANIZATION: Eccentric Wizards Club

MEMBERSHIP: All wizards who appreciate the weirder things in life.
Wizards who enjoy new, exciting, innovatative, sometimes strange,
sometimes different, sometimes nutty things belong to this club. The
club's motto is

                       "There are no bad ideas!"

With this motto, a member must accept everything and never critize
others. This is why the more hard-core wizard types ridicule the club
for its haphazard therories, crazy spells, useless items, and bad-taste
manipulation of the fine art of magic craft. Even with this criticism,
the club manages to have a large membership, which can produce useful
things that their critics end-up using.

NEW MEMBER REQUIREMENTS: A new member must pay an entrance fee of 1000
sp. Additionally, the prospective member must demonstrate an active
interest of eccentibilty to the Membership Board. This pledge can be
research into a strange magic item or spell, a collection of pecuilir
things, a speech of insanity, etc. One prospective member built a
magical marshmellow castle guarded by marshmellow golems because he
believes that marshmellow is the fifth element. In fact, he has over
1,000 books, most written by him, to prove his point. The Membership
Board accepted his pledge for membership immediately.

ANNUAL DUES: A due of 100 sp is collected annually. This due will cover
use of the clubs facilities. A member must also annually report on a
current project he is working on and it must be innovated, different,
and wacko. If not the membership may be revoked.

BENEFITS: The organization collects strange and unusual things: items,
spells, documents, information, etc.. These things are made avaiable to
the members through auctions, the catalog, library, word-of-mouth,
etc.. The club is spread throughout Oerth through chapters. Each
chapter has a library, meeting hall, museum, and laboratories for
research.  As long as a menber pays his dues, the facility is open to
him.
     The club offers grants and scholarships to projects it feels will
be of great benefit. A wizard may apply for these and could get a nice
sum of money for his studies.
    Every year the club sends its members The Eccentric Wizard Club's
Wish Catalog, which contains items that the wizard can purchase.
     New members receive a introductory kit. First, the new member gets
an official membership ring.  This ring allows its members free access
to any of the chapters located throughout the continent. The kit also
contains a book, There Are No Bad Ideas: EWC Handbook, which contains
an introduction to the organization (history, purpose, alumni, etc.),
rules of the organization (membership, dues, meetings, board, etc.),
and stories of its innovation. The new member also receives a
complimentary six-pack of cans containing Pepsi, a bubbly drink the
members constantly drink; a small horseshoe that attracts metal; a
collection of colored doughs that are fun to play with; thin coiled
wire that walks down stairs; and a amulet that changes color when the
mood of the wearer changes.
