Introduction

From the dawn of time we came, moving silently down through the
centuries, leading many secret lives.  Struggling to reach the time of
the Gathering, when the few who remain, will battle to the last.  No
one has ever known we were among you... until now.
-Ramirez

Ever since the introduction of the World of Darkness, the idea of
incorporating the immortals from the movie Highlander has seemed
not only interesting and appropriate, but almost necessary.  The world
presented in Highlander (there should have been only one) and the
series closely mimics that of the Storyteller system: a world slightly
darker and more menacing than our own, with supernatural beings
wandering among us.  In fact, the movie Highlander is listed as an
inspiration in the credits for the Storyteller games, so the
introduction of these characters seems vital.  

This module is the first in (it is hoped) a series of public domain
supplements for the Storyteller system.  The Vampire mailing list has
an abundance of talented, intelligent people perfectly able to write
their own supplements: this forum will allow for professional quality
work to be done by these people, and distributed to the Internet for
public consumption.  

The author would like to thank both the Vampire and Highlander mailing
lists for their ideas on this topic.  Special thanks go to Jeff P.
Schneiter, whose dissertation on Quickening (which coincided with the
week Mage was released) convinced the author that the time had come to
construct the rules contained here. The finished result, the author
hopes, is something that Highlander purists are comfortable with, and
which Vampire players find useful.
