-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                    THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO METALLICA

                     FOR FANTASY ROLE-PLAYING GAMES

                     "You know it's sad but true."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

"Welcome to The Rock. If you're not insane when you come, you will be
when you leave."

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           COPYRIGHT (C) 1997

     All trademarks of products, company names, logos, phrases, service
names, and/or slogans are trademarks of the respective companies,
artists, and/or individuals, where applicable.

     The following guide is the property of its authors, who hereby
states that they retain the copyright except for where noted. You may
distribute it at will, provided that nothing in the guide, this notice,
or any of the credits are altered in any way; and that you do not make
a profit from it.

     This document is not for sale and is made available for private
game use only.

                           *** DISCLAIMER ***

     All contents of this guide are presented for game purposes only.
Advice oriented information is not to be taken as legal consultation or
legal service, but as suggestions and examples of real-world or
hypothetical models. Always consult a lawyer for legal and lawful
guidance. The opinions and views contained in this guide reflect those
of the individual authors. The opinions, content, and organization of
this document are in no way connected with the faculty and staff of any
educational institute where this guide was found.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


PREFACE
METALLICA: THE METAL
THE ROCK
   BELL TOWER
   THE CAVERNS
   DAMAGE, INC.
   DAMAGE, INC. RECREATIONAL PARK
   HALL OF JUSTICE
   THE HOUSE JACK BUILT
   THE KEEP OF THE METAL MILITIA
   THE LAKE
   MEMORIAL HILL
   METALLICA MINING COMPANY MINE
   THE PIERS
   SANITARIUM
   TEMPLE OF THE GOD THAT FAILED
   THE TOMB OF A BOY KING
   OTHER PLACES OF INTEREST
THE INSANE
METALLICA: THE MUSICAL GROUP
QUASI-DEITIES
THE FOUR HORSEMEN
MONSTERS OF ROCK
SPELLS
MONSTERS OF ROCK FESTIVAL
HOLIDAYS, FESTIVALS, AND EVENTS OF THE ROCK
FOOTNOTES

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                PREFACE


     As some self-righteous Christians claim role-playing games are
inherently evil. This evil also branches out into heavy metal music and
without a doubt the best metal music is from Metallica. This guide
brings together role-playing games and Metallica into the most unique
campaign setting a person could get for free.
     The town of The Rock can be placed in any campaign setting. The
only geographic requirement is a small lake (around one mile long).
     This guide is filled with insane people. It is recommended that
GMs get a copy of The Complete Guide to Sanity as this guide has a
wealth of information on the use of sanity in an RPG.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          METALLICA: THE METAL


     Metallica is one of the most rare and powerful metals found. It is
more mighty than mithril, adamantite, and elven steel. Unfortunately,
the power that comes with Metallica also comes with misfortune.
     The only place that Metallica has been found is in the mines near
the small mining town called The Rock (named after a rock in the small
lake).
     Exposure (i.e. being in close proximity) of Metallica will cause a
person to go insane. What constitutes exposure is left up to the GM as
player's may try to find loop holes in which they can use Metallica to
their advantage but limit their exposure to it. In general, if a
character has a weapon made of Metallica and he uses while adventuring,
he should be affected by it even if he stores it far away from his
person at nights or while not adventuring. Put simply, Metallica has
great strengths and nobody shall abuse those strengths without
suffering the weaknesses. Put simply, if the character wants to use the
power of Metallica, he will eventually go insane no matter what little
tricks he does to get around it.
     In game terms, being in close proximity Metallica will cause a
person to lose one Insanity Point (see insanity attribute) per week (or
4 per month).  Thus, a person with a Sanity score of 9 and Sanity
points of 34 will go insane in 8.5 months.
     One bizarre side-effect of Metallica, is a condition which refers
to it's recipients as Spastic Children. One out of every 10,000
children who live in The Rock suffer from this ailment. Unlike an
insanity, this actually causes physical damage to the mind which makes
the inflicted child spaz. It is believed that all members, past and
present, of Metallica were Spastic Children. In fact, it is believed
that this is affliction is a pre-requisite for a good rock band.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                THE ROCK


     It all began when an evil Phantom Lord joined the various factions
of humanoids into one army. He wanted to control the land. He wanted
civilized people to fall to their knees for him. Clad in leather and
wielding a sword in his hand and a whip at his belt, the Phantom Lord
led his army into war thus began the Humanoid Incursion. When they
came, the sound was almost deafening as they made it known that they
were here. Victims were chained crying death pains. The Phantom Lord
never failed.
     A castle was created many years ago along a small lake once
the Humanoid Incursion began. Cropping out of the lake was a large rock
which is there today. The castle was dubbed Castle Rock. The leather
and iron clad soldiers that were formed at Castle Rock were called the
Metal Militia, and the soldiers of The Rock are still called this
today.
     Many battles took place around Castle Rock, and the lord led the
armies well against the humanoid invaders. The last battle was the
biggest battle which took place on the hill now referred to as Memorial
Hill.
     After the humanoids were driven back, a feudal town crept up
around the castle. The town was dubbed The Rock after the large stone
in the lake. The Rock never grew mainly because residents seemed a
little odd. Their oddity was due to the large quantity of Metallica
that the town was built on.
     Eventually, Metallica was found and the town began to prosper as a
mining town. The feudal lord of the castle (who was now insane by the
Metallica which was deep in the earth) declared himself king of all the
land. Unfortunately, he was later stripped of power and everything he
owned.
     Because the Metallica is deep in the earth, the effects of it are
lessened on the residents of the town. However, living on top of a load
of Metallica still affects people. In game terms, the Metallica will
cause a person to lose one Insanity Point (see insanity attribute) per
month (or 12 per year). Thus, a person with a Sanity score of 9 and
Sanity points of 34 will go insane in 2.83 years.
     Once the ill effects of Metallica became known, the mining
operations declined. The Rock lost it's income and prosperity left the
town.
     Eventually, clever businesses brought the music festival. The
festival is the salvation of the town and it's people.

Phantom Lord from Kill 'Em All
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               BELL TOWER


     During the Humanoid Incursion, a bell tower was erected to warn
people outside the castle walls of dangerous humanoid activity.
     Now the bell is rung twice a day: once at noon and once at
midnight.  Also, the bell tolls for a person who has died. After the
battle on Memorial Hill, the bell tolled for weeks.


For Whom the Bell Tolls from Ride the Lightning
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              THE CAVERNS


     Caverns exist below the earth mainly alongside the lake. In fact,
a person could dive into the lake and follow a conduit and come up into
a cavern. The caverns have not been thoroughly explored or documented.


Damage, Inc. Cavern

     One seaside cavern is "owned" by Damage Incorporated with a secret
passage to allow access into the inn. They use this cavern for storage
of important articles like contraband. Also, this cavern has
accommodations so it may be used as a hideout by members when
necessary.


The Caverns of Hell

     In the depths of the earth below The Rock is the fiery home of a
devil. There is a job to be done; to get people to enter hell. He is a
recruiter for hell.
     The Recruiter is a horned devil (greater) - AL lawful evil; AC -5;
MV 9 / 18 fly; HD 5+5; HP 40; #AT 4 or by weapon; DMG 1d4 per claw,
1d4+1 bite, 1d3 tail, by weapon; SZ large (9' tall).
     The Recruiter hates anything stronger than him and fears stronger
devils accordingly. When armed, he carries a two-tined fork which
causes 2d6 points of damage and a barbed whip which causes 1d4 points
of damage plus a stunning effect for the same number of rounds unless a
dexterity check is made. The tail attack is poisonous and will cause an
additional 1d6 points of damage if a save vs. poison is failed and the
person will suffer a -1d4 penalty to dexterity for 1d4 turns. The
Recruiter exudes a 10' radius of fear. He can detect magic and detect
alignment. He can create pyrotechnic as the spell once a day. He can
create a 10 foot wall of fire at triple strength (3d8 points of damage)
once a day. He can create a 10 ft. radius ring of darkness around him
at once a day. He can teleport three times a day.
     He may summon disciples to search, to fight, to work, and they
always shall obey. He can gate in 1d4+2 devils of less than 4 hit die.
His personal preference is to summon Spined Devils.
     With hell in his eyes and with death in his veins he lives to lure
people into hell. In most cases, he searches for weak individuals who
want or need more out of life. When he finds such an individual, he
creates a contract in which the person gives up his soul at death for
great rewards in life. The person gets the "good" life that The
Recruiter lives. Thus, as the victim's new life goes on, he slowly
turns evil as the devil. The Recruiter's favorite line, "Follow me now
my child not the meek or the mild; but do just as I say."
     The Recruiter prefers to put a clause in the contract that allows
him to have the person alive for a few years before their soul goes to
hell. He gets homesick and misses having beings around to "play" with.
He really loves to pull people down into the pit for some "fun".
     When the end is closing in for the person (within six minutes of
death), The Recruiter chimes a magical bell. When the person dies, his
soul is summoned by The Recruiter. The person can actually hear the
bell before he dies. In fact, anybody within a six foot radius can hear
the chimes. Those that hear the bell are overwhelmed with a "feeling"
to join the sinful kind. Of course it is the player's choice if the
character is tempted; but if the character is tempted then The
Recruiter will appear to make a deal.
     Sometimes a person tries to get out of the contract. On a
successful save vs. death (+5 penalty), the person gets a chance.
Whether dead or alive, the person who makes the save doesn't have to
answer the summon. The person may flee, re-negotiate, or fight.
Fighting is the best solution as The Recruiter fears those that are
stronger than him and if a person can sufficiently hurt him, he will no
longer pursue the person. Those that flee are stalked as prey by the
Recruiter. He feels that it is a person's fate and he won't hesitate to
take a person by force. He gets his victims voluntarily or by force;
either way.
     The Recruiter's favorite meal is the minds of man and occasionally
will feed on a dead body. When he can't these delicacies, he settles
for basic underground creatures.
     Sooner or later, a person (or soul) will come down to The
Recruiter's home. His home is a a hellish cave complex deep beneath The
Rock. His main cave is known as The Pit. The fiery pit here has a
gateway to the planes of hell. This is where the souls he has
recruited enter their eternal hell. So come on, jump in the fire...
Sometimes The Recruiter heads back into the hells. He has been known to
grab the hand of a soul and walk him through the land on a little "hell
tour".
     An interesting feature of the pit is that the hell-fire of the pit
glows brighter as souls pass through. If The Recruiter doesn't keep a
constant supply of souls passing through, the pit will eventually go
out, the gate will close, and he will be doomed to live his life on the
Prime.
     The Recruiter is in competition with Master of Puppets for
victims. Since The Recruiter is very weak in comparison, he steers
clear of The Master. If The Master wants The Recruiter to back off, The
Recruiter backs off. There is plenty of room for both at The Rock.


Ice Cavern

     The most well known seaside cavern is the cavern of ice. No matter
what the season or temperature outside, this cavern remains cold enough
to maintain its layers of ice.
     The only "resident" of the cavern is a man who is believed by the
local populace to be a dead body frozen in the ice. In fact, the ice
man is alive and under a terrible curse that by fate has him trapped
under the ice. He is crystallized in a cryonic state. Wrapped up tight,
he cannot move and can't break free. He tries to scream but his cries
cannot be heard. He is frozen down to the core but cannot die. The only
thing he can do is stare and think. He may sleep (months at a time in
fact) but every awakening is torture as he remains locked in this icy
shell. He believes that if the ice is broken away then his curse will
end.
     The GM must decide on exactly who the ice man is and how he may be
freed. No doubt that it should be difficult to free him. Also, to be
punished in such a manner would suggest that he has done great evil
which may apply great power so releasing may be a big mistake.


Metal Militia Cavern

     As most places at The Rock, The Keep of the Metal Militia has a
secret passage to a seaside cavern owned by the militia. The cavern
contains "get-away" supplies like rations, rope, weapons, clothes,
etc..
     Only a few members of the militia know the existence of the cavern
or it's secret passage. As the leader can change annually, it isn't
required knowledge for that position. When a crisis occurs where this
information is necessary, those that know will inform the leader.


The Thing That Should Not Be Caverns

     Some of the larger caverns are home to the local lake monster, The
Thing That Should Not Be Cavern. They contain centuries' worth of
treasure (or at least "treasure" to him).

Trapped Under Ice from Ride the Lightning
The Thing That Should Not Be from Master of Puppets
Jump In The Fire from Kill 'Em All
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              DAMAGE, INC.


     Damage, Inc. is the name of the local inn. It is affectionately
named after a retired adventuring group. Damage Incorporated was one of
the toughest group of adventurers ever seen. Now only two of the
original Damage Incorporated remain: Reid "Razorback" and Scott
"Bosco". Reid and Scott are often referred to as The Boys. They are the
proprietors of the inn. Before a person can understand the inn, he must
understand Damage Incorporated, the old adventure group. Their battle
cry was:

                        Blood will follow blood
                           Dying time is here
                          Damage Incorporated

     The group worked as one. They dealt out the agony they had within.
They charged hard without giving in, never cried submission. They
fought with a steamroller action crushing all. They were like jackals
ripping right through their enemies. They knew just how to get what
they wanted. They would die for honesty. They never conformed to
society. They follow their instincts and not a trend. They went against
the grain and they always will till the end. They had no regrets. Their
philosophy towards their enemy:

                        We chew and spit you out
                     We laugh, you scream and shout
                      All flee, with fear you run
                  You'll know just where we come from
                   You'll feel our hell on your back
                  Blood follows blood and we make sure
                 Life ain't for you and we're the cure
                 Victim is your name and you shall fall
                   All's fair for Damage Inc. you see
                   Step a little closer if you please

     Today, The Boys are more docile and enjoy life. They own property
throughout the lands but they call The Rock home (as far as the Prime;
they keep special pocket demi-planes for personal use and protection).
They chose The Rock because of its nice location and decided to spend
some of their fortune and build an extravagant inn.  Since they've
retired, The Boys enjoy their leisure time and they enjoy
entertainment. Their mornings tend to focus on fishing. Their
afternoons are centered around sports. Their evenings are spent in
entertainment from games to musical concerts (a specialty at the inn).
     The Boys' strengths are unknown but they are indeed powerful. The
best example is that it is believed that they are centuries old; and
immortality is quite powerful. Also, they seem to have knowledge of
many planes, dimensions, and time itself. It is believed that they have
entrepreneur ventures in many strange lands and The Rock is a mere
novelty to them.
     The Boys aren't gods and they have their allowance of problems.
Mainly, The Boys have their share of insanities. The biggest problem
they have is that their consumed with having sex with woman.
     Reid has had his share of women problems. Once he was in love with
a vampiress. Although he didn't fall victim to vampirism, he did have a
child with her. Another love of his was a werewolf who did inflict him
with lycanthrope, which he no longer suffers from. About a dozen women
have dumped him leaving Reid a bitter man at times. One of the most
interesting parts of his life was when he was transformed into a woman.
He made the best of it and became a Lesbian Warrior Queen. Now, Reid is
obsessed with women who are in their upper teen years in age.
     Scott has been though many wives all of which eventually went
insane (although it is rumored that they were insane long before Scott
met them). Now, Scott is obsessed with preforming third-input sex on
women.
     The Boys love games of all types and are fascinated with creating
new games or perfecting old games. Any new person to the inn will be
amazed by the obsession with sports and games.
     Damage Incorporated is still used as the name for adventurers. The
Boys have licensed the name to those adventurers who they deem worthy.
If a person is considered worth of membership into Damage Incorporated,
he must pay a initiation fee of 100 silvers. Each year he must pay 100
silvers and 5% of all treasure (the person undergos various lie
detections about the 5%). Besides usage of the prestigious name (which
in itself is a lot), a member of Damage Incorporated gains a lot.
First, he may use many of the facilities throughout the country owned
by Damage Incorporated. He also benefits from the knowledge of previous
and current members. Best of all, he gets 5% discount on everything at
the inn.
     Among other talents, Reid is a master architect. He has written
may books on plumbing and waste disposal techniques. Also, he has many
magical tomes of architecture.
     The inn is made of stone, solid like the adventuring group was.
Reid has used his magical skills to create sound damping walls, perfect
lighting, etc..
     A person in Damage, Inc. has some protection from the insane
effects of Metallica. It seems that the mortar used to bond the
stonework of the inn contains bits of the rare metal Albus Ater Ante
Magicus Metallum. This metal was dug up while forming the cellar and
dungeon levels and was used to help strength the mortar. Effects of
Metallica are quartered. Instead of losing one Insanity Point per
month, a person only loses a quarter of an Insanity point per month (3
per year) if he remains in the inn. Since most people would be inside
for only around 12 hours a day (give or take depending on the season),
GMs should raise the loss to half an Insanity Point per month for
simplicity. This would mean that a person living a normal life from the
inn would lose half an Insanity Point per month (6 per year). Note that
other magical effects are lessened as well. Any magic used in the inn
should be taken on a case by case basis. Generally, GM's should lower
magic-items' and spells' range, duration, area of effect, etc. by a
quarter (divide all by 4).


                              First Floor


Tavern - first floor

     The tavern is the coolest place to hangout at in The Rock. It
opens at 4:00 PM to 12:00 (2:00 AM on the weekends). The tavern part of
the inn is on two levels one of which is in the cellar.
     The first floor has a huge oak bar that spans the room and various
size oak tables to accommodate various groups of people. The focal
point of the tavern is a fountain containing a variety of strange fish
collected by The Boys over the years.
     This floor of the tavern is known for its various games. There are
six billiard tables available to play. Also, one wall contains a few
dart boards. Reid has a tinker gnome working on a mechanical
contraption for the inn that will be called a Pinball Machine.
     Besides a wide variety of beers, ales, meads, and liquors; a
person can order from a limited menu of snacks and grilled food (as
there is a grill behind the bar).


Restaurant

     The restaurant is one of the best places to eat in the country. It
opens at 8:00 AM and closes at 8:00 PM.

Kitchen

     Off the restaurant is a full kitchen that not only allows normal
cooking, but also permits baking, grilling, brewing, wining, and
preserving meats and such.


                              Cellar Level


     The first basement level is referred to as the cellar level.


Tavern - Cellar Level

     This floor of the tavern has a bar as well so patrons do not need
to hike up and down stairs. This floor is known for its big games.
     One end of the tavern has six bowling lanes for people who enjoy
the sport of bowling. Because of the large demand for use, the inn
charges three silvers per game. Bowling ball usage is free. GM's are
encouraged to use The Blue Ball Bowling System (Appendix C of The
Alcohol Guide) to really enjoy bowling in RPGs.


The Arena Pit

     One of the grand features of the inn is the arena pit where
creatures battle it out usually to the death. The pit's floor is stone
with saw dust thrown atop it to absorb the blood of battle. The stone
wall around the pit is eight feet high. Surrounding the arena are four
levels of wooden bleachers where fans can watch the action in the pit.
     The ceiling above the pit is open and barred so that people in the
tavern upstairs may view action in the pit below them.
     A tunnel from the pit leads roughly 1000 feet away to the cages
where the area beasts are kept and cared for.
     A flag hangs on the wall of the pit arena. On the flag is a coiled
snake under which is the phrase "Don't Tread On Me", the motto of
Damage Incorporated.
     Typically small creatures are used. Good creatures are never used
unless they are intelligent and have made a choice to fight in the
arena. The typical combatants ares small evil creature that are
captured by adventurers. When the stock of combatants are low, the inn
resorts to the classic cock fights or dog/bear fights. Of course, some
of the patrons of the inn enjoy the occasional bout in the pit.
     The prized fighter of the house is the pet snake Viper [neutral;
AC 5; MV 15; HD 4+1; HP 45; THAC0 16; #AT 2; DMG 1d6+4 (bite), 1d4
(constrict); SA constriction, poison, spit; SD nil; MR nil; SZ small
(5' long) to medium (15' long); XP 500]. She is undefeated and the home
town favorite.
     The famed pet snake of the inn is odd indeed. It is a magically
engineered crossbreed of a boa constrictor snake, rattle snake, and
cobra. The snake is called Viper. It is unknown how the Boys got Viper.
Most speculate that Reid created her in one of his many "hobbies".
     Viper's scales shine with brightness. Quick is her blue tongue,
forked as lighting strike. Her eyes glow and never seem to close,
emblem of vigilance always on surveillance.
     Viper has the neck of a cobra (i.e. the skin of the neck can
expand to form a flattened hood).
     Viper has the tail of a rattlesnake (i.e. a series of dry, horny
rings at the end of the tail). If provoked, she will rattle.
     Viper has the ability to triple her size. Typically she does this
to use her boa constricting ability more efficiency (i.e. she coils
around and crushes her prey). Once a hit is successful, the victim is
constricted automatically, suffering damage every round.  Constricted
humanoid creatures can escape the coils with a successful open doors
roll (at a -1 penalty). Anyone who attempts to free a captured being by
hacking at the constrictor has a 20% chance of striking the victim
instead (roll damage as usual and apply to the victim's hit point
total).
     Viper has deadly fangs. Her bite does 1d6+4 points of damage.
Also her bite is poisonous. A creature bit by Viper must save vs.
poison (+3 penalty) or be knocked unconscious for 1d6+4 turns. If the
save is made, the victim becomes ill and loses 1d2 points of Strength,
1d2 points of Dexterity, and 1d2 points of Constitution for 1d6+4
turns. Note that subsequent bites will require the save and any affects
to ability scores are cumulative.
     Viper also has the ability to spit her poison up to 25 feet away.
On a successful hit, the poison has the same effect as above. However,
it takes 1d4+6 rounds for the poison to be absorbed by victim.
     Viper never begins the fight. Once engaged she never surrenders,
showing the fangs of rage. She settles the score. Liberty or death,
what so proudly hailed. So be it.


Wagering Niche

     A favorite pastime of the inn is gambling and with the wonderful
competition at the arena, one would have a hard time not placing a bet
on the matches. The niche off the arena consists of five walk-up
windows with steel bars. At the window is a teller who takes the bets.
The person who makes the bet will receive a ticket to be used in
collection of any wins.
     On the wall of the niche is slab of slate ion which the bookie of
the inn lists the nightly bouts and the odds for each.


                             Dungeon Level


Torture Chamber

     The torture room is more of a novelty than anything else. However,
there may be a time when Damage Incorporated will need to use these
facilities. For now, it is a collection of torture devices that The
Boys has been collected over the years. Occasionally one of them might
drag one of the devices up to his suite for a little fun with a female
companion but that's about the extent use.


Prison

     The dungeon level contains four cells. The cells' walls are built
out of Albus Ater Ante Magicus Metallum. This prevents any magic inside
the cell. Also, the prevents magics from passing through the cell
walls. Thus, a person cannot teleport, dimension door, etc. in or out
of a cell.


Damage, Inc. from Master of Puppets
Don't Tread On Me from Metallica
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                     DAMAGE, INC. RECREATIONAL PARK


     As mentioned previously, The Boys enjoy sports especially the
outdoor variety. So with some of their wealth, they purchased some
nearby farmland and built a recreational park. (Actually, it began when
Scott started having insightful dreams, see below). With one of the
major problems of the town being depression, outdoor sports are a nice
way to lift people's spirits.


The Baseball Dream (Field of Dreams)

     One day Scott had a dream. In the dream, he saw a triangular field
with one side bowed outward. On the field, uniformed men were playing
some type of sport. The dream was so realistic that it was as if Scott
was actually there sitting in the stands. The next day as if insanity
finally got the best of him, Scott mowed down a large section of a corn
field to create what was in his dream. Over a few months, Scott had
more dreams on this sport and what it would take to play it.
     Eventually, he deemed the sport baseball. He finished construction
of the baseball field with bleachers for the fans and "dugouts" for the
teams. He spent lots of money to develop special equipment which is
required to play: bats, gloves, bases, baseballs, and protective
equipment. He had visions on how the game of baseball is played and he
recorded it all. Eventually, his field of dreams was complete and that
night he had his last dream. In it, he was told to wait. For a month
Scott did nothing but sit in the bleachers and stare at his field and
then it happened. Uniformed men emerged from the corn stalks that made
the border of the outfield. They were the men in his dream and they
proceeded to play a game of baseball on the field.
     For seven months of the year, baseball player ghosts play baseball
on this field. They don't play everyday and nobody seems to know the
schedule but if a person waits, he will get to see a baseball game. A
variety of ghost teams visit the field. They seem to be in a baseball
league dubbed Phantasma League. The ghosts seem to be dead baseball
players from 20th century and 21st century Earth although a fantasy
character would not recognize any of them. Not everybody can see the
ghosts. Those that can't often wonder why people are staring at an
empty field unbeknownst to them that a ghostly baseball game is going
on.
     When not in use by the Phantasma League, the field is often used
by the residents of The Rock. In fact, there exists a few baseball
leagues of living people in The Rock. There is a Major League (for men
over the age 18), Little League (for boys and girls between the ages of
12 and 18), and Pee Wee League (for kids under the age of 12). Also,
Scott developed a variation of baseball called softball. This developed
a Major Softball League (for adults over the age of 18) and Women's
Softball League (for women over the age of 18). All leagues are
comprised of teams from nearby towns and villages as they caught on to
the idea of baseball. Most leagues play ball for a few months during
the summer.
     Of course, the field is often used for good old pick-up games
where its just a bunch of people playing ball without really worrying
about the regulations the leagues have.


Basketball Courts

     Reid developed a outdoor court based on various games played by
savages. The main game he developed to be played on the court he called
Basketball. Since then, he has developed many variations (mainly number
of players and scoring) of the game, however they all keep the same
general rules.


Swimming Pool

     A large stone pool of water was built as an alternative to
swimming at the lake.


Track

     A nice, clay, two-mile track exists about the recreational
facility. The main stretch of the track cuts through the corn field.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                            HALL OF JUSTICE


     The Hall of Justice is the courthouse of The Rock. The building
was painted platinum, gold, silver, and copper: the color of money.  A
symbolic gesture by a person(s) who was found guilty by the judge no
doubt because the judge was bribed.
     Steps lead up to two large doors. On each side of the steps are
pedestals upon which are carved statues of wolves. It is as if the
power wolves beset the doors. Local lore has it that these power wolves
will one day come to life and stalk the unjust of the town pleasing
their appetite by devouring those that deserve it.
     Judge (Patient 42) is the local magistrate. Unfortunately, his
judgement has a price as money talks. Those that are ultimate in
vanity, exploit their supremacy and bribe the judge. It is hard to
believe that people will lie and pay a price to avoid the punishment
they deserve for their crimes. They may believe that they are free, but
nothing can save them.
     With a corrupt judicial system, justice is lost, justice is raped,
justice is gone. Luckily, The Rock has enough magical talent to detect
the lies. Thus, if an accused person is guilty or innocence is learned
without question. Those that are guilty (especially of heinous crimes)
are punished by local vigilante groups (typically the Metal Militia or
Damage Incorporated).
     Whenever great injustice occurs a Truth Assassin appears. The
Truth Assassin is an avatar of the deity of justice. A Truth Assassin
is a robed female ghost - AL lawful good; AC 0; MV 9; HD 10; HP 80;
THAC0 11; #AT 1; DMG 1d8 (one-handed bastard sword) or age 1d4x10
years; SA backstab; SD special; MR nil; SZ medium (6' tall); XP 7500.
Besides the powers of a ghost, the Truth Assassin has the abilities of
a 9th level assassin. A Truth Assassin remains until justice is served.
If the Truth assassin is killed, another appears to finish the job.
Once a victim is killed, the victim's lips are sealed with red tape and
olives are spewed about.

...And Justice for All from ...And Justice for All
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          THE HOUSE JACK BUILT


   "Is that the moon or just a light that lights this dead-end street?
         Is that you there or just another demon that I meet?"


     The House Jack Built seems a normal house with a gothic
appearance. However, the house is much more. Although who or what Jack
really was is unknown, it is believed that he was a powerful demon
given the evil nature of the house and it's link to the abyss.
     As far as the town is concerned, the house is abandoned and has no
real owner. However, the house and it's grounds are maintained but by
who is unknown. Also, the appropriate taxes are paid which is received
by a courier (who doesn't know who his employer is).
     A person who enters the house (whose doors are always open to
visitors), will eventually fall victim to its magic (save vs. magic at
+5 penalty each round). A person who becomes a victim of the house will
become very scared. The victim will close his eyes, begin to shake, and
seek out a place to hide as his environment becomes a nightmare. The
victim can open his eyes just to close them again as he witnesses
horror that is "reality". The nightmare is so real that it swallows the
victim. The real world gets swallowed up as Jack's world takes the
victim in. The house gets control and takes the victim down and down
again. The character must make an Insanity ability check every turn
with a -3 penalty or lose 4d4+1 Insanity Points. Each turn the
character gets a save vs. death magic and if successful, he may escape
the house.
     "The higher you walk, the farther you fall. The longer the walk,
the farther you crawl. My body my temple, this temple it tells. Step
into The House Jack Built. Yes this is the house that Jack built"
     So why do people enter The House Jack Built? Quite simply it is
like a narcotic drug. Although it contains nightmarish horrors, all
pain subsides. Also, the fear is so intense that it washes away all
other feelings that overwhelm people like love, hate, lust, etc.. If a
person survives the house without going insane, he leaves a better
person; a person in control of his life once again. "Yes I am I am I
am."
     Another interesting feature of the house is that it has some
portals to the various levels of the abyss. Some are only one-way but a
few are two-way portals. However, very few bad things come from the
Abyss. why is unknown?
     Let the show begin...

The House Jack Built from Load
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                     THE KEEP OF THE METAL MILITIA


     After the Humanoid Incursion, the Metal Militia disbanded, mainly
because there was only five survivors. A decade ago, it was decided
that the militia should be revived for protection, law enforcement,
etc.. Threaten no more, to secure peace is to prepare for war.
     And so the Metal Militia was re-established by the citizens of The
Rock. Of course, they need a cool place to hang out so the Keep of the
Metal Militia was built. Most of the keep was built from the ruins of
Castle Rock as there was still good stone work left. The keep has three
floors and two basement levels.
     It was decided that each year a leader would be chosen by the
militia.  The leader is considered the sheriff of the town and takes
care of day to day law enforcement. Other duties of the sheriff is to
head the militia meetings (once a week), command soldiers assigned to
The Rock (see below), and watch prisoners.
     A typical militia man wears armor and wields heavy metaled
weaponry.
     The first floor is used as a meeting hall for the Metal Militia.
It contains a large oak table and chairs, an assorted collection of
weapon racks with weapons, and of course tapestries of how great the
militia is.
     The second floor is the barracks. It has 12 bunk-beds so 24
soldiers can live here normally. Typically the barracks are empty.
However, occasionally the country assigns a few (3d4) military soldiers
(1st or 2nd level) to the Rock. These soldiers are under the charge of
the sheriff and stay in the barracks.
     The third floor is currently not used. A trap door leads to the
roof.
     The first level of the basement contains the prison, which is
usually empty.
     The second level of the basement is used for storage. It contains
a well of fresh water. Also, there is a obligatory secret passage to an
underground cavern which is by the lake. From the cavern, a person may
enter the lake.

Metal Militia from Kill 'Em All
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                THE LAKE


     The lake is normal as far as its boundaries goes. Its unusual only
in it's depth which is deep indeed.
     The lake is also the site of a fallen city that now lays in ruin
at the lake's bottom.

The Thing That Should Not Be from Master of Puppets
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             MEMORIAL HILL


History

     The biggest and last battle during the Humanoid Incursion took
place on a hill now referred to as Memorial Hill in remembrance of
those that died there. The men fought bravely on the hill. Those that
did not die suffered great wounds. A few went insane from the pain.
Only five men who fought in the battle lived; two of which are Patient
65 and Patient 44.
     The humanoids had no mercy for what they did; no thought to even
what they had done. They never felt sorrow; no remorse for the helpless
ones; no remorse; no repent. Humanoids fight war without end no matter
the cause. Another day; another death; another sorrow; another breath;
its all in the life of a humanoid soldier. The only true gift the
soldiers got was the blood of their victims. Blood fed the war machine
as it ate it's way across the land. With war machines going, Blood
started flowing. No mercy given to anyone. The furious fighting; swords
were like lighting. It all became frightening to know death was near.
Only the strong survive. No one to save the weaker race. The Humanoids
were ready to kill all comers like a loaded crossbow right in the face.
People were dying with madness surrounding. All hell broke loose.
Soldiers were hounding. Bodies were mounting. No remorse was the one
command.
     The majority of the militia was ordinary soldiers, mere servants
until they died. Most soldiers were young (around 21 years of age) and
because they were born male, had a duty to enter the military at an
early age. When they joined, they learned to kill, learned not to care,
and learned to take orders. A soldier is molded like clay never living
life. The more stripes (military ranking insignia) the more a man a
person is. What they became were disposable heroes, their bodies
filling the fields on the hill.

The Hill

     Today, the hill has graves for all who died during the Humanoid
Incursion.
     At the base of the hill is a wall of polished black granite. Upon
the wall is the carved names of those that died during the war. The
wall is roughly 25 feet long.

Phenomenon

     A constant mist covers the hill. As one walks on the hill, a
constant chill exists (even on the hottest summer days).
     During summer thunderstorms, the hill is not a safe place to be as
lightning rips through the sky to the hill as if the gods remind all of
what happened here. It is recommended that a character on the hill run
for safety as cowardly as possible. In game terms, a character on the
hill has a 75% chance per turn of being struck by lightning during a
thunderstorm. Lightning does 5d6 points of damage (save vs. electricity
for half damage).

Sacrifice

     Way before Castle Rock, the hill was a sacred place to some
culture (Egyptian-type) that either no longer exists or is far away
(depending on the GM's world). The most popular activity on the hill
was the stabbing of harlots to pay for their sins. Also, the virgin
sacrifice was common. And the occasional self-sacrifice made its way to
the hill. A sacrificial stone alter still exists on top of the hill and
the aged chains used on the victims are still imbedded in the stone.
Rumor has it that 1009 people were sacrificed on the hill.
     Although a legal, public execution has never taken place at The
Rock, the laws of the town state that such executions shall take place
by the Metal Militia atop Memorial Hill at the sacrificial altar.

The Holiday

     The 30th day of the fifth month of the year is the anniversary of
the battle because it was this day when the battle finally ended. This
day is a local holiday in which people remember and morn.
     It is believed that a caring family member (especially a mother)
who burns a candle in the window while a soldier is at war can sense
the soldier especially when the soldier is in pain or at death.
     One custom of the holiday is to burn a candle in the window. The
window burns to light the way back home for soldiers. A light that
warms no matter where they go.
     When soldiers leave to go to war, it is as if they are going to
find the hero of the day. That is, to see which one of them will become
a hero.
     Another part of the holiday is to honor a hero whether living or
dead. This person becomes the hero of the day. Typically the honored is
a soldier that has served god and country. When this honor first became
part of the holiday, the first hero of the day was Johnny (patient 44).
     Veterans spend the holiday discusing how they feel. The horrors of
war they lived is to many soldiers still real. Many veterans deserve
their easy chair.
     Unfortunately there are those that are totally against war
and like to use the holiday to speak their mind. These people protest
war with anti-war demonstrations. These demonstrates dislike the
veterans who participate in war. Thus, the veterans really dislike the
protestors and have even been known to start fighting the anti-war
people. After all, why would anti-war believers fight back?

Disposable Heroes from Master of Puppets
For Whom the Bell Tolls from Ride the Lightning
Metal Militia from Kill 'Em All
No Remorse from Kill 'Em All
Hero of the Day from Load
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                     METALLICA MINING COMPANY MINE


History

     The Rock was a prosper mining town until the effects of Metallica
were discovered; then mining operations severely declined. Most claims
were sold. Those that went inactive for ten years reverted back to the
town.
     The abandoned mines became home to many monsters. Eventually,
adventurers cleared them out and the mines were sealed.
     The original mine entrance remained active as there still is a
demand for Metallica by some. The mine is operated by the Metallica
Mining Company. Some people/organizations who own shares in the company
are Damage Incorporated, the township of The Rock, and Miner 49er
(Patient 67).


Staff

     The staff of the company consists of four miners one of which is
the manager. The manager is in charge of operations. Besides managing
the crew, he makes all the mining decisions like where to dig. Another
part of his job is to handle the selling of the ore. Also, the manager
is an accomplished miner and spends much of his time mining. The
manager answers to shareholders monthly. The current manager of the
company is a retired adventurer of dwarven decent.
     One of the miners is Miner 49er. He tends to go about his own way.
as he prefers to look for gold than Metallica. Because he is very
knowledgable, a good miner, and very dedicated; Miner 49er is a
valuable member of the staff.


Mining Camp

     The area around the mine entrance is the mining camp. The camp is
fenced off as a minor security precaution.
     At the entrance to the camp is an office in which the manager
handles company business. Nothing of value is kept here unless records
of mining operations are considered valuable.
     There is a cabin where the miners reside. As would be expected,
the interior of the cabin definitely show signs of male living. Through
the mess, a person can find four bunk beds, many chests, two tables,
two stoves, and lots of mining gear.
     One building is the smelter where the ore is processed. Cart
tracks from the mine entrance enter this building. The building was
built with a hill behind it. The rock from the smelting process is
dumped down this hill. After years of this, the hill is slowly losing
ground.
     The building closest to the entrance is the supply shack. Within a
person can find large quantities of mining supplies.


The Mine

     Many of the old mines that existed have been linked together with
this main mine to create an extensive network of shafts and tunnels. No
mining tunnels have tapped into the caverns mentioned THE CAVERNS
section.
     It is believed that the company has secret chambers somewhere in
the large mining network. This belief is based on the fact that nowhere
in the camp is a secured place in which the company's wealth is stored.

Load
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               THE PIERS


     The piers on the lake are typical of any piers. There are 10 piers
entering the lake to be exact. Attached to the piers are various boats
(mainly fishing boats).
     The Boys prized fishing boat is called "Orion". It is docked at
Pier #1.


Damage, Inc. Warehouse

     Damage Incorporated maintains a warehouse for storing various
items that accumulate from many business transactions.


Master of Puppets Warehouse

     Master of Puppets works out of an old warehouse near the docks.
From this warehouse, The Master runs his drug syndicate. He only deals
with outsiders so as not to draw the attention or wrath of the locals.
The locals are familiar with The Master but believe him to be only a
merchant of little talent dealing with odds and ends. Little do they
know that these odds and ends are clever containers for his illegal
drugs.
     He also maintains a cavern complex far underground. There is no
known entrances into the complex. Teleportation is the entrance way of
choice of The Master.
     The complex is used as The Master's home. A few of the chambers
simulate his home on the Abyss, hot and nasty. Some caves are used as
storage for his contraband. Most of the complex is a never-ending maze.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               SANITARIUM


     The Sanitarium is the second oldest building next to Castle Rock.
After the first settlers moved in around the castle, the insanity
began. A psychological doctor, Dr. Johnny Fever, noticed that the area
(the load of Metallica underground) caused insanity and saw a great
opportunity for his work on the mentally ill. Thus, the Sanitarium was
built. Unfortunately, Dr. Fever was affected by the Metallica as
everybody who stays to long in the area does.  Although insane, Dr.
Fever still "works" in the Sanitarium and is still "in charge". After
all, he owns the place.
     The Sanitarium is very popular to those that wish to understand
the mind, psychological doctors, psionicists, mind sages, etc.. Because
few can last a few months at The Rock without going insane, most
physicians take sabatical at the Sanitarium for four months at a time.
Of course, they must pay the Sanitarium a nice fee for use of its
facilities. This is the main income of the Sanitarium and it is plenty.
     The Sanitarium is home to many residents of the town. No one seems
to leave and no one seems to want to. Most patients are labeled
mentally deranged.
     One of the costs of being a patient is the invasion of privacy.
Doctors are always trying to see what makes the patients tick. Its the
price they pay for being insane.
     Many techniques are used in "treatment" of the patients. It seems
that every new doctor that shows up on sabatical brings with him a new
technique. Some build fear in what's out there. Some whisper things to
the patient to induce paranoia. Some tie up patients to make them well.
     Of course, insanity cannot be cured as long as the insane is near
Metallica so all attempts at a cure is futile. The only thing most
doctors in the Sanitarium do is assure the patients that their insane.
After all, they think the patients' heads are in their hands. They see
it right, they see it well.

     Except for a few patient rooms, there are no locked doors or no
windows barred. As most people in the town are insane, the Sanitarium
developed a open, revolving door policy where patients can come and go
as they please. Of course there are some patients who need total
supervision and are locked up (usually in cages).


                                EFFECTS


Welcome to where time stands still - When inside the walls of the
Sanitarium, a person does not age. It is as if time stands still. The
cause of this magical effect is unknown. One theory is that the
Metallica in the earth, a strange compound in the walls of the
building, the position of the moon, and the placement of the Sanitarium
has formed a magical-null in time and space.
     Why isn't the Sanitarium used as a beauty spa for those who wish
to stay young forever? Well, the Sanitarium has other effects that
aren't quite as pleasant.
     Any prolonged stay in the Sanitarium by a person should be
recorded by the GM as actual calendar age and biological/magical age
will slowly grow apart.

Dream the same thing every night - Another eerie effect of the
Sanitarium which may be related to the time nullification is the
sleeping disorders that effect those that sleep inside the Sanitarium.
A person that sleeps inside the Sanitarium will have the same dream
night after night even if he leaves and comes back. The repeated dream
also tends to be a nightmare (and not a good one). What really makes
the dreams startling is how real they seem.

But violent use brings violent plans - Every 24 hours, a person in the
Sanitarium must make a Sanity check or become violent for a number of
turns equal to his Sanity score.


                                THE CURE












     With a person losing Insanity Points while living in The Rock for
a long period of time, that person should have a large quantity of
insanities. Without the use of magic to cure insanity, a person's only
hope is the Sanitarium.
     When an insane person begins going to "therapy", he can begin to
regain lost Insanity Points. A person who goes to therapy once a week
for a month gets back 1 Insanity Point. If he continues to go, the
person gets back 1d2 points for each weekly session (which amounts to
4d2 points a month). If a person misses more than two weeks, than the
process must start over.
     For an intense insane person, daily therapy is recommended (five
days a week, two days off). A person who goes to therapy once a day
(5/2) for a month gets back 6 Insanity Points. If he continues to go,
the person gets back 1 point for each daily session (which amounts to 5
points a week, 20 a month). If a person misses more than one week (five
sessions), than the process must start over.
     If a person brings his Insanity Points to it's maximum and he has
gone to therapy for a minimum of three months, then that person has
recovered from an insanity. For every addition 2d4 months, the person
can be cured of an insanity. Note that the GM should adjust the time
based on the severity of the insanity. Also, note that there should be
a chance for a relapse (it is suggested that this chance be equal to
the Sanity Ability Score).
     The GM may adjust the allowance of Insanity as necessary. After
all, therapy isn't foolproof and some may be better than others. In
fact, some therapy may make matters worse (if a GM is creative).

Welcome Home (Sanitarium) from Master of Puppets
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                     TEMPLE OF THE GOD THAT FAILED


     The temple wasn't big but it serviced the community. When the god
failed the populace, they ransacked the temple. The temple still stands
but the rooms inside lay in ruin.
     When the followers lost the faith, the god lost his place on the
heavenly planes. He now lives in the temple. He never leaves the temple
and it is speculated that he is imprisoned there until he can regain
power.
     The broken windows and the smashed doors are boarded up. Carved
above the old doors it reads, "follow the god that failed."


Main Hall

     This was where the followers would worship. Now the room lays in
ruin with broken pews scattered about. The altar was broken into four
pieces during the destruction of the temple.


Priest Chamber

     This chamber is where the priest lived. A small vestibule off the
chamber is where the priest prepared before his service. The priest
fled in disgrace after the god disgraced him. Now the chamber is used
by the god.


Basement

     The basement was used as a storage place for the town. After all,
what could be more safe than holy ground. Now the basement is just
another place for the god to be.

The God That Failed from Metallica
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                         THE TOMB OF A BOY KING


     A few centuries before the culture of today existed, another
culture used the surrounding area. In particular, what is now known as
Memorial Hill was considered sacred ground back then. The ancient
culture was like the real-world Egyptians (or even Aztecs if the GM
prefers).
     It seems that in this ancient culture, slavery was popular.
Slavers were born to serve the pharaoh (king). The slaves lived in fear
for four hundred years. Eventually they developed faith in an unknown
deliverer. The deliver wanted to take the slaves out of the land of the
pharaoh. The pharaoh wouldn't allow it. And so the pharaoh was punished
by magic of the deliverer, power of a deity, or maybe just coincidence;
it is unknown to time. The rivers turned red like blood, the days
turned to night, hail of fire fell from the sky, and a plague of locust
infected the land. And the pharaoh still wouldn't give. In fact to
teach the slaves a lesson, the pharaoh decreed that the first born of
every slave shall be killed, so let it be written so let it be done.
And so that night a cloud of creeping death covered the land and
killed the first born of all non-slaves which included the pharaoh's
son. The slaves won...
     The pharaoh was so ashamed and felt so guilty over the loss of his
son that he could not bury his dead son in his homeland. Instead he
took the son to sacred land known to him. Near the sacred hill, an
underground tomb was constructed.
     The tomb isn't as elaborate as was the custom of the ancient
culture. No monuments mark the spot so as to protect it from tomb
robbers. Also, it only contains a few chambers some of which are a
false chamber, an antechamber, and a burial chamber. However, the tomb
is well guarded from unwanted visitors. Because it is located out of
the homeland, the pharaoh wanted to ensure that his son's mummy would
be well protected.
     No mining has reached the tomb because of its close proximity to
Memorial Hill. No mining is allowed near or under the hill so as not to
disturb the special site.

Creeping Death from Ride the Lightning
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                        OTHER PLACES OF INTEREST


CLIFF BURTON MEMORIAL PARK

     When Cliff died, the music group and Damage Incorporated designed
and built a small park in his memory. In the center of the park is a
larger-than-life statue of Cliff.
     Cliff was never buried. His ashes were spread over various points
of the lake.


DAMAGE INCORPORATED FINANCIAL INSTITUTION

     With all the riches that pour into The Rock, the only safe place
for a person to keep his wealth is in this impenetrable bank built by
none other than the famed Damage Incorporated. All residents with any
bit of wealth have an account at this institute. It also comes in very
handy for merchants who rack in money during the music festival.
     Not only does the institute handle savings, it also manages loans,
engineers investments, and other banking needs. Thus, Damage
Incorporated Financial Institution brings a fair and equitable money
managing system to a somewhat medieval world.
     Crime syndicates don't target this institute for the main reason
that they use it for various reasons. First, it's a great place to
launder currency. Also, a person can have a private anonymous account
that nobody including the government will know about. Its a crime lords
banking dreams come true.
     The intricacies of the institute's theft-protection is unknown but
it is believed that Metallica is used to prevent magic use. Also,
inter-dimensional and extra-planar sites are used within the bank.
     Another interesting tid-bit is that mineral trades are believed to
be taken place with financial institutes at other dimensions.


METALLICA CLUB HOME OFFICE

     Metallica formed a fan club worthy of their fans. The office is a
small stone building at the Rock. Among offices for use by employees of
the band, the building contains a nice store of Metallica merchandise.
     This club is completely owned and overseen by the band, so it
maintains the vision and intend of the band. Far more than the name
"fan club" would imply, The Metallica Club exists so that the band can
keep a two-way line of communication open to the people who have helped
and supported them over the years. Metallica has always hesitated to
even use the term "fan", feeling that it believes the strength and
depth of dedication and support held among the very folk to whom the
teeny, flaccid word might be applied.
     What with being on the road so much, James, Lars, Jason, and Kirk
have entrusted the care and feeding of The Metallica Club to their
friend and road manager, Tony Smith. As such, Smith is a man with a
mission: to make sure The Metallica Club is operated in a way that
reflects Metallica's deep commitment to and appreciation for their
friends and supporters - the fans.
     Metallica Club produces an annual shirt and prints their own
magazine called "So What!" for members of the club.


THE ROCK ARENA

      The Rock Arena is so named because it is created by carving into
the lake side rock. The result was a beautiful arena that seats
thousands of people.
     Clever architecture design allows for excellent acoustics that
don't cause annoying echos.


THE SMITHY

     The local blacksmith is a master blacksmith, weaponsmith, and
armorer. His specialty is working with Metallica. The blacksmith's name
is ironically Smithy. It might seem strange that Smithy is so masterful
unless the fact that he was struck insane at a young age is known. When
smithy was a child, he went insane and became obsessed with
blacksmithing Metallica. Of course, the more he worked with it, the
more insane he got. But the insanities he accumulated just made the
Metallica obsession worse. The second insanity drove him to learn the
art of weaponsmith of which he only worked with Metallica. His next
insanity made him learn how to make armor. With each insanity he got,
he learned a new way to use Metallica. Now he is a master of the metal.
     The Smithy is typical of any blacksmith. In addition to the
blacksmith area, there is a shop connected in which Metallica
merchandise can be bought. Anything made with Metallica tends to cost
10 times as much as the same item in regular metals. The shop contains
weapons, armor, jewelry, etc.. Note that Smithy will gladly create
custom items for customers.


SNAKE PIT

     The Snake Pit is a large pit in the center of town which contains
snakes. These snakes are considered the town's pets and most of the
community helps in the care of the snakes.


TOMMY'S JOINT

Tommy's Joint is a Hoffbrau. It's specialties are meat, potatoes, and
beer. It is one of Metallica's hangouts. On a historical note, it is
the place where Jason was asked to join the band.


YE' OLE MUSIC SHOP

     A town known for it's music must have a place to buy instruments
and the best place in town is this place.
     The music shop's proprietor is Mister Gibson. He is a Master Bard
who has turned his talents into producing quality musical instruments.
His specialty is string instruments. His insanity is that he is
consumed with crafting musical instruments.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               THE INSANE


     All patients that have visited the Sanitarium are assigned a
patient number. Very few patient names are known although their
nicknames are known. These "nicknames" are usually manifested by the
insanity so the Sanitarium took on a patient numbering system. The
patient number, nickname, and real name (when available) are given. Not
all patients are listed here, but some of the more interesting ones
are.


No.  Name           Song                      Album
13   Motorbreath    Motorbreath               Kill 'Em All
19   Punk           Seek And Destroy          Kill 'Em All
26   Epacse         Escape                    Ride the Lightning
36   Leper Messiah  Leper Messiah             Master of Puppets
42   Judge          ...And Justice for All    ...And Justice for All
43   Pup            Eye of the Beholder       ...And Justice for All
44   Johnny         One                       ...And Justice for All
45   Straw          The Shortest Straw        ...And Justice for All
46   Harvester...   Harvester of Sorrow       ...And Justice for All
47   Fray           The Frayed Ends of Sanity ...And Justice for All
48   The Poet       To Live is to Die         ...And Justice for All
49   Dier           Dyers Eve                 ...And Justice for All
53   ---            Holier Than Thou          Metallica
54   The Unforgiven The Unforgiven            Metallica
55   Roam           Wherever I May Roam       Metallica
57   Doc            Through The Never         Metallica
58A  Rome           Nothing Else Matter       Metallica
58B  Julie          Nothing Else Matter       Metallica
59   Manwolf        Of Wolf and Man           Metallica
511  My Friend...   My Friend of Misery       Metallica
512  ---            The Struggle Within       Metallica
62   TwoByFour      2 X 4                     Load
65   King Nothing   King Nothing              Load
67   Miner 49er     Bleeding Me               Load
68   Eruc           Cure                      Load
69   Em             Poor Twisted Me           Load
610  ---            Wasting My Hate           Load
611  Mama's Boy     Mama Said                 Load
612  Lynn           Thorn Within              Load
613  Ronnie         Ronnie                    Load
614  James          The Outlaw Torn           Load


Patient 13 - Motorbreath

AL N; AC 10; MV 9; HP 8; THAC0 20; by weapon type; Str 12, Dex 18, Con
18, Int 6, Wis 5, Ch 10, San 9

     Motorbreath got his name because he does things that are insanely
dangerous, things that would take a person's breath away. He likes to
live fast and take a chance. He won't live any other way. If he can't
die then he doesn't want to live. If he can't cry then he doesn't want
to laugh. He likes things that are hard and heavy, dirty and mean. He
won't stop for nothing. Its full speed or nothing. He takes a chance to
live life and feels everybody else should follow his lead.
     Besides his odd suicidal insanity, Motorbreath is also addicted to
drugs.


Patient 19 - Punk

Level 3 Fighter - AL LE; AC 8 (armor); MV 9; HP 22; THAC0 17; by weapon
type; Str 12, Dex 9, Con 13, Int 8, Wis 9, Ch 16, San 12

     Punk is a young man and the leader of the local gang. He is insane
like all his gang members. Punk hears evil voices in his brain that
tell him things to do (like kill). Of course hearing imaginary voices
drives people insane.
     The gang membership changes as people are killed, imprisoned,
runaway, or flip out of control. The gang is comprised of misfits and
losers who are usually runaways from other cities and towns. After a
person joins the gang, he becomes insane in a couple of weeks. Although
the people in the gang may have a variety of insanities, each at least
hears those evil voices.
     The gang scans the scene in the town every night looking for
somebody so they can start up a fight. Running on their way and looking
for those that are hiding from them. If the gang is after a person,
that person will find it hard to escape; that's for sure as the gang
has nothing better to do. If the gang gets their victim, they will kill
him. "Searching, Seek and Destroy" is the gang motto.
     Although they look tough and act tough, the gang is relatively
harmless. They try to intimidate but the locals (including law
enforcement) don't find them a threat. The only people they have killed
(which is very few) have been visitors to the town. These visitors were
evil beings who took from the work not giving anything back. Punk's
vigilante gang removes vicious leeches of society, and society looks
away. They also keep other gangs from entering the town, especially the
gangsters that nobody in town likes.
     Of course, the gang does tend to get cocky at times and various
forces (Metal Militia, Damage Incorporated, etc.) at the rock must
intervene and give them a little discipline.
     The gang loves music of The Rock and there is no better place to
here it than Damage, Inc.. Thus, they tend to be nice when necessary so
they may be permitted to attend concerts. Besides, members of Damage
Incorporated would kick the gangs' asses.


Patient 26 - Epacse

AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 5; THAC0 20; Str 12, Dex 9, Con 15, Int 6, Wis
18, Ch 11, San 6

     Epacse suffers Paranoia and Paranoid Personality Disorder
insanities. He is also anti-social to the max.
     He believes the world is under one big conspiracy; a false world.
He fears that everybody is trying to trap him in the endless circle,
the ring of stupidity that everybody is captured in.
     Because of all this paranoid behavior, Epacse lives a solitaire
life where he is his best friend. He is out on his own; out to be free.
He does what he wants. He is one with himself and doesn't have to
listen to the rubbish the world listens to.
     Epacse believes that his life is to live how he wants and he won't
conform to society. He thinks that society is trying to rape his mind
and destroy his feelings; to control by society's standards. He knows
what "really" is going on. He sees though the blur of civilization.
      Epacse feels that his life is a hard one but he must be strong
and fight until the end. It is his undamaged destiny to stop the hammer
from falling, to break the chains that bind people to the ground, to
live life his own way.
     He is a bit of a guru philosopher. The only problem is that he has
trouble sharing his "wisdom" with anybody because he believes them all
to be working for "the man". However, sometimes he passes on his
philosophy to others in the hopes of raising a stir. Maybe Epacse is
right. Maybe people should break away from their common fashion. Who is
to stay?
     Epacse lives "around". Sometimes he disappears into the hills and
lives the life of a hermit. Other times, he lives in the town typically
on the streets because he believes housing is a conformity to society.


Patient 36 - Leper Messiah

Level 5 Cleric - AL N; AC 10; MV 9; HP 26; THAC0 18; by weapon type
(staff); Str 6, Dex 12, Con 6, Int 12, Wis 15, Ch 16, San 5

     Every town needs its religious leaders, and The Rock is no
different. Bow to Leper Messiah...
     The Leper Messiah is a delusional middle-aged bearded man infected
with leprosy, an infectious bacterial disease that causes ulcers and
sores on the body and in its severe forms causes progressive
destruction of tissue.
     Although the Leper Messiah is considered a cleric (for game
purposes), he serves no god, only himself. Because his beliefs in
himself are so strong and because he is so insane, he is able to cast
clerical spells. Who grants him these spells? Nobody. His own mind has
become so warped that it has formed the intricate ability to manifest
magical spells. As long as he mediates as clerics "pray" for spells, he
may cast spells as a cleric from the Charm and Divination spheres.
Note the he does not have other priestly powers like the ability to
turn undead.
     The Leper Messiah is the self-proclaimed savior of humanity. He
preaches the word of salvation in the streets of The Rock. He requests
money, lots of gold. If a person does make a contribution, the Leper
Messiah guarantees a place (a good place) in the afterlife.
     He has a loud and strong voice but he has been spineless from the
start of his crusade. He wants blind devotion. He wants all to join the
chain. He wants power and fame even if he has to lie.
     To the town, he is more a lead clown in a circus than a savior. He
is tolerated because he is amusing, dressed in his long robes preaching
his words. Many marvel at his tricks. He puts on a good show
(especially on the seventh day of the week). The only harm he may cause
is by spreading his disease which doesn't happen if a person maintains
a safe distant. And the Leper Messiah believes that to truly be saved a
person must be infected by him. In his younger days, he would attempt
to infect everybody. These attempts only got him incarcerated for a
long time. Now he tries to talk people into excepting him and his
infection into their body and soul. So far, no takers.
     He lives the torment of man that he preaches of: suffering on his
knees.


Patient 42 - Judge

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 6; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 9, Con 10, Int 16, Wis
18, Ch 15, San 10

     Judge is the 50 year old, local magistrate. Unfortunately, his
judgement has a price as money talks. Those that are ultimate in
vanity, exploit their supremacy and bribe the judge. It is hard to
believe that people will lie and pay a price to avoid the punishment
they deserve for their crimes. Their money tips the scales of justice.
Just make a deal with the judge and the truth is redefined.
     Judge's strings are pulled by many people. Seeking wealth is more
important than seeking truth. He has no apathy for those the he finds
guilty who are innocence. He is so unfeeling that it is as if he hides
deep animosity. Through his eyes is the future life of those that enter
his courtroom. These people hope to be found innocent by him but they
find conviction if his price was met. They may believe that they are
free, but nothing can save them. So real, so true, so grim...
     Judge has a lavish home out in the country. He lives a rich life
due to his corruption. He dresses to the hilt in fancy clothes, decked
in jewelry, and smelling of fine perfumes.
    His weapon of choice is a non-magical war hammer which he has
deemed "The Hammer of Justice".


Patient 43 - Pup

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 9, Dex 9, Con 9, Int 12, Wis 8,
Ch 14, San 11

     Pup is a governmental official. He has held various positions
throughout the years. Politics is his lifetime occupation.
Unfortunately, he is a tad corrupt. His wealth comes from those that
control him.
     The situation isn't totally terrible. Pup is selfish and does
"favors" for others as long as he benefits. However, he will only do
favors that are generally good. These deeds usually help only a few
people rather than the majority but they are not inherently evil deeds.
Pup won't do things for evil people no matter how much he can gain.
     Those that control Pup, limit his imagination and keep him where
they must. His independence is limited and hs freedom of choice is
narrow as both are dictated by others. They decide what he expresses.
Pup can do what he wants as long as it is done how they say. Speech is
words that they will bend.
     For Pup, truth is an offense. His truth is the people's lies. Few
see through Pup's selfish lies. Energy derives from both the plus and
negative. Pup is one of the alternatives. He is still chosen by the
people. To each his own. Eventually the doors will slam shut.
     At times, Pup does hunger for his independence. He knows that he
is moving back instead of forward. It is bittering distress. Choice is
made for Pup.


Patient 44 - Johnny

Level 7 Psionicist - AL LG; AC 10; MV n/a; HP 30; THAC0 17; Str n/a,
Dex n/a, Con 14, Int 12, Wis 15, Ch 18, San 16

     Johnny was one of the five survivors of the battle on Memorial
Hill. Johnny was the youngest warrior that day. He was the worst
casualty as he fell on a magical landmine.  The landmine Has taken his
sight, taken his speech, taken his hearing, taken his arms, taken his
legs, taken his soul, and left him with a life in hell. It was like a
dream that he couldn't wake from. His world was gone and he was the
only one.  All he had was pain.
     Darkness imprisoning him. All that he sees is absolute horror. He
cannot live. He cannot die. Trapped in himself with his body a holding
cell.
     Johnny became suicidal quickly. His inability to do anything, even
communicate, was to much for him to handle. Unfortunately, he was
incapable of killing himself. His only wish was to have somebody take
mercy on him and end his life. He became a wartime novelty tied to
contraceptions and such to make him "better". He is fed intravenously.
     Johnny has Manic-Depressive Disorder and Melancholia. He is less
suicidal now that he has developed psionic ability in Clairsentient,
Psychokinetic, and Pyschometabolism. Many years ago a psionicist came
to the Sanitarium to communicate via telepathy with Johnny. Finally,
Johnny wasn't alone. It saved his life. The psionicist began the long
progress of developing Johnny's mind. Today Johnny an accomplished 7th-
level psionicist. In the sciences, he knows Sensitivity to Psychic
Impressions, Telekinesis, Metamorphosis, and Shadow-Form. Some
devotions he knows are All-Round Vision, Danger Sense, Feel Light, Feel
Sound, Know Location, Ballistic Attack, Create Sound, Control Light,
Control Sound, Levitation, Cell Adjustment, Graft Weapon. With the
psionic abilities he has developed through mastering his own mind,
Johnny can sense, feel, communicate, and move. Johnny's main objective
in life is to continue to develop his psionic talents.
     Currently, Johnny resides in the Sanitarium where he is cared for.
He does tend to use his powers to "get out" usually through Levitation
or Shadow-Walk (being his favorite). When he does leave the Sanitarium,
he can be often found on Memorial Hill. Even with all his progress, he
has much healing to do.


Patient 45 - Straw

AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 6; THAC0 20; Str 7, Dex 7, Con 7, Int 18, Wis
18, Ch 18, San 7

     Straw suffers from Megalomania believing he is the best at
everything. He also suffers from Dementia where he tends to find
important things to be meaningless.
     At one time, Straw was a poplar leader of the common folk. He had
radical views on life but they were popular because they were of the
people and Utopia in nature. In fact, he was considered a great
philosopher in the educational community.
     Unfortunately, he had a different agenda than what he preached.
He wanted to set his self up as a supreme ruler and a mortal-god
emperor. Because of this egotistical attitude, he cared little for the
people. He just wanted to use them to create his perfect world. But his
self-righteous wasn't the worst of it. His beliefs involved the
discrimination and even worse, extermination of certain races and he
began "witch hunts" to rid the world of the unwanted. He caused mass
hysteria.
     The lies were crystal clear and eventually, the accusation flew.
The fallout had begun. Straw's honesty was to blame. He put dignity to
shame.
     During his fall from grace, he was pummelled terribly to the point
of permanent dis-figuration. It also caused him to go deaf in one ear.
Furthermore, he suffers habitual pains in various places on his person.
Finally and most alarming, he suffers from vertigo.
     Now he has been ostracized by his followers. He is considered a
disgrace. His many believers have turned to none. His Utopia ideas have
turned into a personal hell. He has reached his nadir. His will has
disappeared. Without followers, his inner self died. Doubt sunk into
him. Doubt that his beliefs were incorrect. Eventually, he convinced
himself that they were wrong and not worthy and he was correct. But
even the great philosophers that would listen to him have now
blacklisted him from all professional and social functions.
     Now Straw challenges liberty and law to the point of treason. He
has been kept down by law; but his insanity is why he keeps regaining
his freedom. It seems he is a good defense attorney and he uses
loopholes in the law to constantly gain freedom (and a lot of paper
chasing for the judicial system). However, the oppressive damage of
Straw has been done.
     Because of the various insanity loopholes in the law that keep
getting Straw out of imprisonment, the towns people have found another
"loophole". It seems that there exists an obscure law of The Rock from
decades past. It seems that a popular way to appease the gods was human
sacrifice (no doubt this is related to the sacrificial stone alter of
Memorial Hill). It seems a law was created in which eligible towns
people were required to draw straws. The person that drew the shortest
straw was required to be sacrificed when necessary. This law was never
removed. The community decided to bring the law back into practice.
Ironically (or more likely by deceit), Straw ended up with the shortest
straw and his new name. It hasn't been decided when the sacrifice of
Straw to the gods will be necessary and maybe the town will not go
through with it. However, it will be perfectly legal. This seems to
keep Straw in line to some extent. Someday the witch hunt will come for
him.


Patient 46 - Harvester of Sorrow

Level 7 Druid - AL N; AC 10; MV 9; HP 45; THAC0 16; by weapon type
(staff); Str 9, Dex 12, Con 14, Int 9, Wis 12, Ch 15, San 12

     The Harvester of Sorrow was a normal farmer, living in the
woodlands with his beloved new family. He was a young man who just took
a bride and just had twin boys. Then one day while he was out working,
his family was killed by bandits. He lost everything and never found
those that committed the murders. His loved turned to hate; anger,
misery. After his great loss, he shunned society as it was society and
its greed that created the bandits. Trapped far beyond his fate his
life he had forsaken. He became a hermit and began studying nature and
the ways of the druid.
     He still lives in the woods but not in his family cottage. The
cottage has become a shrine which he occasionally visits to grieve. He
has various homes throughout the forest: caves, tree houses, etc.. It
all depends on what is nearby when he gets tired.
     His spell repertoire contains Entangle, Shillelagh, Entanglement,
Speak with Animals, Summon Insects, Barkskin, Plant Growth, Tree, and
Speak with Plants.
     He spends most of his time planting seeds, seeds of hate. He feels
that civilization destroys nature and it is his duty to plant seeds to
replenish that which is lost. Every seed he plants is filled with the
hate he feels due to the loss of his family. His hatred is so great
that all seeds he plants will mature to their full potential unless
destroyed by society. He gives, they take.
     Some believe that the seeds he plants are magical. They believe
that when the Harvester of Sorrow is finished planting, all that he has
created will do great harm to civilization. Will the plants and trees
turn into great monsters? When his work is soon done, everybody will
know.
     The plants and trees he has harvested do have some magical
effects, especially the fruits and vegetables. Thus some people have
gotten into the habit of saying a prayer before eating vegetation. A
person who eats or drinks any product or by-product of tree will suffer
some odd effects. The person will have terrible nightmares of the
Harvester of Sorrow. They will see into his eyes and find where murder
lies. This is the way the Harvester of Sorrow distributes his pain to
others. Only through the suffering of others in society, will the
Harvester of Sorrow heal. Their loss is his gain. He wants people to
get back to nature and get back what used to be.
     The Harvester of Sorrow is not above killing. If he comes across
any intelligent evil beings in the woodlands, he will destroy them.
They'll suffer as he did. He'll turn their pure black evil into
compost. Let the beatings begin.


Patient 47 - Fray

AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 12, Con 14, Int 8, Wis
7, Ch 13, San 3

     Fray is twisting under Schizophrenia and falling deep into
Dementia. In other words, he has no personality of his own and he has
no desire to do anything. He never hungers and never prospers. He has
loss of interest, of questioning, and of wondering. He has fallen prey
to failure. Also he suffers from paranoia; always fighting the fear of
fear. He believes in a growing conspiracy where everyone is after him.
He is a slave to fear. Another problem of Fray is that he suffers from
mass depression. Finally, Fray hears voices in his head.
     Fear is the captor of Fray. To him, fear is like an evil feminine
being with huge wings that brings horror. The waves of fear pull him
under. He sinks into a horrible feeling as the undertow inside destroys
him. He is flooded with fear.
     Fray tries to get well at the Sanitarium. However, it is a
struggle within as the insanities trigger again and again. The old
habits reappear without warning. Even Hell would set him free.


Patient 48 - The Poet

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP currently below 2; THAC0 20; Str 5, Dex 8, Con
5, Int 8, Wis 18, Ch 16, San 12

     The Poet's best poem is the one that tells of his plight:

                       When a Man Lies He Murders
                         Some Part of the World
                    These Are the Pale Deaths Which
                        Men Miscall Their Lives
                         All this I Cannot Bear
                         to Witness Any Longer
                    Cannot the Kingdom of Salvation
                              Take Me Home

     The Poet is cursed. The curse is very interesting. It seems that
when people of the world lie (i.e. not tell the truth), the life force
within The Poet is drained. In game terms the drain is very minute;
roughly .0000000000001 of a hit point is drained for every lie. This
might not seem to bad, but the lies add up. That is why his current hit
points is growing closer to 1 hit point. Eventually, he will die.
     One benefit of the curse is that The Poet has the ability to know
when a person is lying. Whenever a person lies in his presence, The
Poet tends to get angered as this hurts him.
     Until he dies, The Poet will continue to write poetry. Most of the
poems are depressed, sad, dispirited, despondent, dark, dismal,
doleful, dreary, gloomy, mournful, and melancholy.


Patient 49 - Dier

AL N; AC 10; MV 9; HP 3; THAC0 20; by weapon type; Str 6, Dex 5, Con 6,
Int 8, Wis 7, Ch 8, San 3

     Dier is an average looking, 18 year old male. Dier has Generalized
Anxiety, Hebephrenia, and Post Traumatic Stress. Also, he suffers from
Nervous Breakdowns, Panic Disorders, Manic-Depressive Disorder, and
Melancholia.
     His parents were insane and abusive. Day in and day out, Dier
lived the life his parents wished upon him. They told him what is wrong
and right (although their perception was warped). He wouldn't think for
himself as every thought would meet their disapproval because children
are seen but are not heard. He was told what to say and what to hear.
They censored his every move; tore out everything inspired. Barred from
reality, he lived blind. His childhood innocence was torn apart. They
clipped his wings before he learned to fly. His parents were deceivers,
curators, and dictators.
     On his 18th birthday, Dier killed his mother and father for the
hell they put him through. He finally outgrew that lullaby. Now, he has
a newly found freedom. He thinks for himself. There is no guarantee
what will happen but at least he will experience it. He is taking a
chance, but it is good.
     He is shocked at the world and he hopes that somebody or something
will rescue him. He still hides in the insane world that his parents
made for him. He has mental wounds that never heal. He still harbors
undying spite for his parents for the insane hell he must live in.
     Because of the wrongful treatment of Dier by his parents, Dier was
found innocent of any murder charges.


Patient 53

AL LG (self-righteous); AC 10; MV 9; HP 6; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 8, Con
8, Int 8, Wis 8, Ch 5, San 15

     Possibly more annoying than the Leper Messiah and My Friend of
Misery, is Patient 53. He is relentless in his preaching. The crap
rolls out of his mouth again and again. Gossip burns on the tip of his
tongue. He lies so much he believes them.
     Nobody knows who he is, where he's been, and where he's from. His
insanity: little whispers that circle his head. He never changes his
mind. His brain is like gelatin. He is slow to understand. He knows
not.
     He judges all but most feel, "Judge not lest ye be judged
yourself". He should take a look at himself; but he doesn't because he
is arrogant. Arrogance and ignorance go hand in hand. He should have
something better to do. Why doesn't he worry about himself? He points
his finger at all. Holier than thou.
     It's not who you are; it's who you know. Others lives are the
basis of your own. Burn your bridges build them back with wealth.


Patient 54 - The Unforgiven

AL LG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 7, Dex 6, Con 16, Int 7, Wis
16, Ch 12, San 18

     He was born into slavery. As a boy he learned to obey rules by
getting beaten. He tried to be free, at least free of mind, but any
thoughts he gave were responded to by whippings. At a young age he
vowed that he would never lose his will. His whole life was run by his
slave lords and he did what he had to due to please them. Day in and
day out he did the same meaningless jobs. He still battled for freedom
but to no avail. He became quite a bitter man. Eventually, he got old
and didn't care any more. As an old decrepit man, he served no use and
he was granted his freedom (no slave lord wants to waste resources on
disposing of a dead body).
     As a slave he lost his identity and he never got it back. He is
only a bitter old man and has been dubbed The Unforgiven. He doesn't
seek revenge on his captors even if he could get it. He had no life and
now he waits death.


Patient 55 - Roam

Ghost - AL neutral; AC 0 (8); MV 9; HD 10; HP 75; THAC0 11; #AT 1; DMG
age 1d4x10 years; SA special; SD special; MR nil; SZ medium (5' 11"
tall); XP 7500

     Roam goes by many names Rover, Wanderer, Nomad, Vagabond. He lets
people call him what they will. Rover is a habitual traveler. The road
is his bride. In the road he confides because it keeps him satisfied.
Its all he needs. He "lives" for dust in his throat. He takes his time.
He speaks his mind. He asks nobody for help. He severs all ties clean
before he leaves a place.
     He has nothing but knowledge and pride. It seems the less he has
the more he gains. Where he lays his head is home. However, he uses The
Rock as his point of origin on all his travels. Thus he passes through
The Rock on occasion.
     As he goes everywhere, Roam has learned to adapt to many
environments and the unknown. His knowledge of the land is vast as he
has been almost everywhere. He has grown under the wander stars. He is
quite literally the king of the road with the earth as his throne, off
the beaten path his reign.
     The biggest thing that separates Roam from most people is that he
is dead. His physical corpse lies in the local cemetery at The Rock
which explains his visits to The Rock. Carved upon his stone it reads
only, "Wherever I may roam".
     Unlike most ghosts, Roam isn't evil. He doesn't have a great urge
to cause evil. He just wants to roam. He is not trapped in a fixed
location; he may travel the world. Also, night and darkness doesn't
play a major part in his unlife. To put it simply, he is just like he
was when he lived, only now he has a ghostly form.
     One unique power he has is the ability to become corporeal which
allows him to appear as a normal living human (AC 8). He can do this at
will for ten hours a day. For the other 14 hours, Roam must be in his
natural ghost state.


Patient 57 - Doc

Sage - AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 7, Dex 9, Con 12, Int
18, Wis 18, Ch 16, San 10

     Doc is a philosopher, scientist, astronomer, and sage. He has
white frizzed-out hair and buggy eyes. He spends his time in deep
scientific research. Although he is quite knowledgable, he tends to
study to much. Everything fascinates him and he cannot concentrate on
only one topic. It is not that he has a short attention-span. He just
gets side-tracked quite easily. Thus, he can be found creating the
first helicopter only to stop to study the effects of cow manure on the
position of the stars. No topic is top big, small, or odd for the Doc.
     GMs should consider Doc's sage ability to be general in all
categories. His knowledge in astronomy is expert and the GM should feel
free to make him an expert in one or two other areas.
     To "relax", Doc likes to philosophize. If he can't find anybody to
have discussions or debates with, he will merely writes his thoughts in
a journal. Many people like to talk to Doc because he does have a lot
of insight as long as he stays on topic. Here is a look at Doc's
ramblings:

"All that is, was and will be. Universe much too big to see. Time and
space never ending. Disturbing thoughts, questions pending. Limitations
of human understanding. To quick to criticize. Obligation to survive.
Hunger to be alive. In the dark, see past our eyes. Pursuit of truth no
matter where it lies. Gazing up to the breeze of the heavens. On a
quest, meaning, reason. Came to be, how it begun. All alone in the
family of the sun. Curiosity teasing everyone. All that is, ever was
will be ever. Twisting, turning, through the never. On through the
never, we must go. On through the never out of the edge of forever, we
must go. On through the never, then ever comes."

     Doc maintains a small house in the town which he refers to as his
research facility. His house is a hodge-podge of scientific tools and
other items he has collected in his research. He also has a vast
library of books on almost all the sciences; real like astronomy and
bizarre like alchemy. The library contains Doc's philosophy and
scientific journals. To read them requires a minimum Intelligence of 18
as his writings are highly intellectual and more importantly haphazard.
To understand them, a person must decipher his unique writing style
where diversion is the norm.


Patient 58A - Rome

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 9, Dex 8, Con 10, Int 7, Wis 5,
Ch 14, San 14

Patient 58B - Julie

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 9, Con 10, Int 7, Wis 5,
Ch 14, San 14

     Rome and Julie are married couple who are very much in love.
Unfortunately, their love is obsessive in nature. To them, nothing else
matters. They're so close no matter how far; couldn't be much more from
the heart. Forever trusting who they are; and nothing else matters.
     Before they met, both were anti-social, never opening up to
anybody. Trust they sought, and they found one another.
     They live their life their own way always looking for something
new. They have open minds for a different view; and nothing else
matters. The couple doesn't care for what they do, what they know, what
they say, and what games they play.
     The couple has a telepathic link to one another which allows them
to communicate at any distance on the prime plane.


Patient 59 - Manwolf

Werewolf - AL chaotic evil/good; AC 5; MV 15; HD 4+3; HP 25; THAC0 15;
#AT 1; DMG 2-8; SA surprise; SD hit only by silver or +1 or better
weapons; MR std; SZ medium (6' tall); XP 420

     The experts on sanity believe that Manwolf is delusional.
Apparently, Manwolf believes he is a werewolf. He has been gone through
many magical and scientific tests for lycanthropy, the disease of
werebeasts. All tests have conclusively proven that Manwolf is not
infected with the dreaded disease. Therefore, he is not a werewolf and
is only delusional. The truth is Manwolf is a werewolf but he does not
have lycanthropy. He is cursed, cursed to be a werewolf.
     Manwolf hunts early in the morning before daybreak. He tends to
travel fairly far away so as not to kill local livestock. He prefers to
go after wild game but when hunger and desperation hit, he goes after
livestock with lamb being his favorite.
     Although he is good as a man, his wolf form brings with it an
intense sense of evil. He loves to be in wolf form with his nose to the
wind, moving swift, all senses clean, and getting back to nature.
     His curse doesn't require various moon settings to initiate the
shapeshift. His shapeshifting is dependent of a natural yearning and
lust that eventually takes over and forces the change. Usually, Manwolf
will shapeshift at will before he is forced to. He prefers nights when
the moon is bright, the stars are out, and a chill is in the air.
     The people that have lost livestock belive it to be normal
predators and do not suspect a werewolf. Manwolf has been careful not
to attack humankind, although he has had the urge.
     His curse is symbolic of man's revolt of nature and the eventual
revenge of nature. Manwolf was a prominent business man in a large
city. He destroyed nature by cutting down forests, polluting waterways,
etc. to make a large profit for himself. Tear down what is there
naturally and build man-made constructs. That was his way. Eventually
he was cursed by a druid, by a deity, it is unknown. The wolf he was
became real. In wildness is the preservation of the world so seek the
wolf. Now he must live the life of a wolf. Its just the call of the
wild.


Patient 511 - My Friend of Misery

AL LG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 5; THAC0 20; Str 6, Dex 7, Con 16, Int 11, Wis
18, Ch 16, San 11

     The Leper Messiah has some preaching competition with My Friend of
Misery.
     My Friend of Misery is smothered in tragedy. He is out to save the
world, He insists that the weight of the world should be on his
shoulders. These times are sent to try men's souls; but something's
wrong with all he sees. One man's fun is another's hell. He takes it on
all himself. He is basically good. He is just nieve, judgemental, and
preachy.
     My Friend of Misery fears no one is listening to him so he stands
there and screams. The sound of his voice must soothe him. No one
caring about the words he tells, but he still stands there screaming.
And with his preaching he rattles his can. They say the empty can
rattles the most.
     There's much more to life than what he sees; but there is no use
arguing with him. He hears only what he wants to hear. And he knows
only what he has heard.
     Remember, misery loves company.


Patient 512

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 9, Dex 9, Con 9, Int 9, Wis 4,
Ch 9, San 9

     This patient suffers a struggle within. He lives in fear of
everything new. He fears change. He fears life. And yet he harbors a
yearning for something more. Thus, the struggle within.
     While he struggles with his hell, boredom sets into the boring
mind. Home is not a home when it becomes a hell. He turns it into a
prison cell. He seals his own coffin.
     He is reaching out for something he has got to feel while
clutching to what he had thought was real. It is like kicking a dead
horse. There are so many things that he doesn't want to do, but he has
nothing to lose. After all, advantages are taken, not handed out.
     He wants and doesn't want. He is a hypocrite. The struggle within
suits him fine.


Patient 62 - TwoByFour

Level 3 Fighter - AL LE; AC 10; MV 9; HP 25; THAC0 17; by weapon type;
Str 18, Dex 12, Con 16, Int 12, Wis 12, Ch 16, San 9

     TwoByFour's profession is freelance interrogator, which he does
quite well. His main source of income is from the Metal Militia.
     Interrogating a person is about the only thing that TwoByFour does
well. His intimidating techniques ("I'm gonna make you, shake you, take
you. I'm gonna be the one who breaks you") are immaculate. He knows how
to put the screws to a person. A person might be hard, but he is
harder. The tougher the person, the more exciting it is for him to
steal their thunder. He loves his work, to make people "talk", the joy
of violent movement. It makes his day.
     He is named after his weapon of choice, a 2' by 4' oak board which
he wields proficiently.


Patient 65 - King Nothing

Level 11 Fighter - AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 83; THAC0 10; #AT 3/2; by
weapon type; Str 9, Dex 8, Con 14, Int 13, Wis 13, Ch 18, San 10

     King Nothing was the feudal lord who built Castle Rock. He was the
leader of the land. Unfortunately, he became insane; Delusion Granduer
to be exact. He proclaimed himself king of the land (and the stars).
Eventually he developed Histrionic Personality Disorder, Obsessive-
Compulsive Disorder, and Paranoid Personality Disorder. His wish was
for power and wealth. He had a heart as hard as gold. He was never
satisfied. He was never pacified. He wanted it all and he didn't care
how. The people revolted... and then it all crashes down.
     He was stripped of power and all he owned: all the wants and all
things he chased. Castle Rock was crumbled The people broke his self-
made crown and buried it somewhere in the area. All that he was left
with was his new name King Nothing.
     Now an old old man, he digs for his crown, digs for gold, digs for
fame, he digs to make a name. He can also be found always pointing his
finger, but there's no one around. He just wants one thing; just to
play the king.
     There are still bitter people around from the olden days who can
be heard to say, "Where's your crown, King Nothing?" Most people
however feel sorry for King Nothing. He has suffered greatly for his
past and now he is just a pathetic old man.
     King Nothing has residence in the Sanitarium. Also, he spends a
lot of time in the ruins of Castle Rock.
     Although he is old and insane, King Nothing was and still is an
accomplished warrior and his abilities shouldn't be taken lightly. His
weapon of choice that he has mastered is the broad sword. He still
caries the great broad sword that he used many years ago during the
Humanoid Incursion. He is also quite versed in all swords. His missile
weapon of choice is the long bow, but he doesn't carry one with him.


Patient 67 - Miner 49er

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 3; THAC0 20; by weapon type; Str 13, Dex 12, Con
16, Int 9, Wis 8, Ch 8, San 12

     Miner 49er got his name while a slave as he was the 49th miner
slave.
     Miner 49er's troubles started at an early age. He was a slave in a
far off land. As a slave, he was a miner. He mined 10 hours a day. The
worst part of his captivity was the endless whippings from a thorny
leash that caused endless bleeding. The best part of his captivity was
the great knowledge he accumulated on mining. While a slave, he became
fixated on mining so that the horrors of being a slave would not cause
him to go insane. After five years, he gained freedom when the side of
good vanquished his captors.
     He took up residence at The Rock as a miner. Unlike other miners,
he doesn't dig for Metallica. He looks for gold. Although if he comes
across Metallica (as any valuable metal), he sells it. He's digging his
way, digging his way to something, digging his way to something better.
Hopefully, he will uncover the mother-load.
     Domestically, Miner 49er has had his share of problems. His
obsession with striking it rich tore his family apart. Eventually he
sought mental care and he's sowing the seeds he took for granted. He's
pushing to stay with something better than his mining dreams.
     Miner 49er has another souvenir from his imprisonment besides the
bad memories. Apparently the leash used on him was magical and evil.
It seems that one of the thorns on the leash broke off and got imbeded
into the miner's side during one of his lashings. The thorn couldn't be
removed as part of it's evil seems to be a curse in which the thorn
becomes attached to internal organs. Occasionally, the thorn tears open
a wound in his side and it bleeds.
     The thorn may be much more than a cursed piece of wood. It has
been speculated that the thorn is possessed with a evil beast (most
likely a demon), that feeds on the miner's blood and soul. These
theories are based on certain incidents and experiments: When he enters
a holy place, the miner's wound opens and he bleeds. If holy water is
placed on the wound, a strange sound emerges from the thorn as if
alive. The miner has had nightmares, all of which involve a demonic
being. And at times, the miner has felt something trying to take
control of his mind.
     On an interesting side note, the thorn is from a tree that Miner
49er planted while a child.


Patient 68 - Eruc

AL LG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 3; THAC0 20; Str 7, Dex 7, Con 6, Int 9, Wis 14,
Ch 15, San 12

     Eruc is a good man but all through his life he has suffered. He
never gets a break. It seems like nothing ever goes right for Eruc. And
Eruc keeps it all within. Besides having crippling physical problems,
he has suffered a few nervous breakdowns. He's tried to find something
to believe in, but he's always been let down. Each shot that will not
heal... He developed the habit of always keeping his arms crossed in
doubt.
     Now Eruc has been enlightened with a religious movement (or more
like a cult activity) dubbed The Cure (because of it's curing effects
on Eruc). So what has he found? He thinks the answer is cold and in his
hand. He must seek no matter how much it hurts; but he won't get fooled
again. At times, he's been known to uncross those arms. He's betting on
the Cure. He has embraced the Cure as many probably will. After all,
everyone's got a sickness and everyone needs the Cure. And it's got to
better than the way things are.
     So what is the source of Eruc's mysterious Cure? Well its not from
Leper Messiah, My Friend of Misery, Straw, and Patient 53 although he's
listened to them all (and even followed) at one time only to be
disappointed. It is possible that The God That Failed is Eruc's cure.
If so The God That Failed hasn't revealed his true colors yet.


Patient 69 - Em

AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 3; THAC0 20; Str 6, Dex 7, Con 4, Int 8, Wis 7,
Ch 11, San 6

     Oh poor twisted Em. He feasts on sympathy. He chews on suffering
and agony. He swallows the pain. He is filled with sorrow. He loves the
misery. Em is sick indeed.
     Since he was born, Em has had an internal physical problem that
causes enscrutiating pain. Such a burden to bear, but that is life.
When he was young, many people tried to cure Em of his affliction but
it was all for not. Now, Em has accepted his condition and he has come
to like it.  Of course, living for the pain is insane.
     Em's mother felt somewhat guilty for Em's condition. She believed
that wrongs that she did was punished by afflicting Em with pain. Once
Em was born, she devoted her life to Em and became cooled to others.
     Now Em looks for friends. Unfortunately, all he really is looking
for is pity. What he likes more than the pain is the sympathy the pain
brings him. Poor Em.


Patient 610

Level 10 Assassin (retired) - AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 76; THAC0 11; #AT
3/2; by weapon type (stiletto weapon of choice); Str 16, Dex 18, Con
13, Int 14, Wis 12, Ch 11, San 17

     Patient 610 likes to keep his true identity confidential mainly
because there are many who would like to find him. It seems that
Patient 610 was a very accomplished assassin.
     One day, Patient 610 was attacked and hovered on death's door for
days. This experience enlightened him. He made the decision that his
career choice and lifestyle was wrong. However, to make such a change
isn't easy. That is when Patient 610 sought out help at the Sanitarium.
     One force that drove Patient 610 was hatred. He hated almost
everything and this is why he had such an easy time killing. When he
hates, the blood pumps through him like wild fire and his mind becomes
hell. Now, he doesn't waste his hate on stuff. He prefers to keep his
hatred inside and redirect it to good activities. It is time to please
Patient 610.
     As for the life of an assassin, he's not going to kill anymore.
He's not to score anymore hits. So if he is propositioned to do
anything violent, he refuses. People shouldn't wasted their breath.
The only combat he will engage in is self defense or possibly defending
an innocent person in danger. It's better to give then to receive.
     Sooner or later, people will come for Patient 610 whether it is
those that he worked for, law enforcement, bounty hunters, or people
seeking revenge. When they come, he might waste hatred on them; even if
they raise a brow. And in the end, he will smile.


Patient 611 - Mama's Boy

AL LG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 5; THAC0 20; Str 11, Dex 12, Con 8, Int 9, Wis
7, Ch 13, San 8

     Mama's Boy mother taught him well. She told him, "Son, your life's
an open book. Don't close it 'fore its done. The brightest flame burns
quickest." His heart was sowed to his mother, but he had to find his
way. Of course, he was a "mama's boy" and she didn't want him to go.
     Mama's Boy left home at a young age and became a rebel. He had
forsaken his last name. Wild blood runs through his veins. And so he
went out to find himself. He didn't become the man that his mother
wanted.
     Since he became "free", he won't ask for forgiveness for what he
did. After all, they "strangled" him. But he did go home. He took his
mother's love for granted. And now he wants his mother back. But now
all he gets is a cold stone stare. He never asked for anything and got
nothing in return. He got emptiness from her that will last forever.
     Mama's Boy is now maniac-depressive and at times suicidal because
he can't get his mother back.


Patient 612 -  Lynn

AL CG; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 10, Con 9, Int 13, Wis
15, Ch 17, San 8

     Lynn is a young lady of royalty who became impregnated by a man of
less than royal blood (a commoner and an elf). To make matters worse,
Lynn got pregnant out of wedlock. To her religious beliefs, this is a
sin. She became the thorn on the royal rose bush.
     She was ostracized by her family. She was given a large sum of
gold but that is all. She disgraced her father, her family, and her
deity. She was selected to be a priest of a deity but chastity was one
of the requirements that she has failed to follow.
     The elf father of her child was executed by royal decree. No
commoner could get away with such an atrocity.
     She became the scapegoat for the royal family. With the shame of
being an unwed mother of a child from a commoner, she also endures all
the other shadows of the royal family. They've found somebody to do
their time and take their fall. She got the blame for all laws that
have failed, all missing funds, all unexplained deaths linked to the
royal family, and any other problems that she could be blamed for. Even
future problems will be blamed on her.
     Now at the Rock, she lives the life of a princess with no country.
Her plan is to raise her child to be a great leader. Thus, her child
will get the best care, education, etc. needed. Her child is her life
and it is hard to get Lynn to do anything that doesn't involve her
child in some way.


Patient 613 - Ronnie

AL CN; AC 10; MV 9; HP 4; THAC0 20; Str 8, Dex 11, Con 9, Int 9, Wis 9,
Ch 7, San 9

     "Yeah, well all the green things died when Ronnie moved to this
place. He said, 'Don't you dare ask why I'm cursed to wear this face.'
I know why the children called him Ronnie frown. When he pulled that
gun from his pocket, they all fall down down down."
     Ronnie came to The Rock at a young age. His parents left the big
city to find a nice quiet town.
     Ronnie is physically deformed. Of course, he was picked on by
others. Mentally he developed a complex and digressed socially. He
never talked and never played. Because of the insensitivity of others,
he lost his way and took a bad path.
     Eventually, Ronnie became a man. But still he took punishment from
others and he took it for awhile...
     One day he finally snapped. He loaded up on weapons and went on a
killing spree. The streets were red with blood of those that wronged
him. All people could do was pray. Ronnie laughed and smiled that day.
When he was stopped, Ronnie said, "Lost my way this bloody day, lost my
way. But blood stains wash away."
     There was one doctor that always said that something was wrong
with Ronnie. It seemed a little strange that Ronnie would never laugh
and never smile. It seemed a little strange that Ronnie would talk
alone for miles and miles and miles.
     Because he is insane, Ronnie was committed to the Sanitarium for
his crime.
     It seems that on the anniversary of Ronnie's massacre, clouds
blanket the sky and the sun takes on a red hue for the day as if
stained by blood.


Patient 614 - James

Level 3 Fighter - AL CE; AC 10; MV 9; HP 25; THAC0 17; by weapon type
(hand crossbow, knife, long sword); Str 13, Dex 16, Con 14, Int 9, Wis
8, Ch 13, San 6

     James is an outlaw. Unlike most outlaws, James is truly in love
(to the point of obsession) with a beautiful woman who happens to live
at The Rock. Because of his criminal nature, she will not let him into
her life. And so he waits for her, even if it will take a lifetime.
     Meanwhile, he goes about his outlaw ways. In his mind, if he
proves himself by accumulating wealth (even if its by illegal means),
she will fall in love with him. And so everything he does, he does for
her. He rides the trail for her. The more he searches the more he needs
her. The more he kills, the more he bleeds for her. She makes him feel.
     Of course, he is torn between her and being an outlaw. He has a
feeling that if he went straight then she might like him, but he can't
give up the urge.
     He knows that there are some down sides to loving a woman. He
worries about developing fears; but he hopes she will be there for him.
He worries that his face will be sincere instead of tough; but he hopes
she will be there to appreciate his sincerity. He worries about
becoming undone, but he hopes she will be there to stitch him together.
She is what made the outlaw torn.
     As far as his outlaw career goes, James enjoys robbing banks in
towns and any type of wagons/coaches on the roads.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                      METALLICA: THE MUSICAL GROUP


     The first group to play in the concert hall at Damage, Inc. was
Metallica and to this day they are still the most popular band that
plays there.
     The members of the group fell victim to the metal as most do.
They got metal madness which constitutes a strong desire to perform
loud, hard, rocking music.
     The music of Metallica is marked by speed, energy, and twisted
innocence that blows the tired, brain-dead heavy metal genre all to
hell. All rage and black fury rolled together with inexorable, intense,
melodic sound.
     Most of Metallica's songs are based on life in The Rock.


History

     Lars Ulrich, the tennis pro gone wild, and James Hetfield a.k.a.
"The Angriest Kid in the World" hooked up to form the band Metallica.
They found eccentric bass genius Cliff Burton.
     The band wrote many songs and performed all over the land. Their
popularity grew, especially with the young adults, and Metallica became
a success.
     Unfortunately, Cliff died in an accident while touring with the
band. His body was buried in the cemetery at The Rock. Despite the
grief shared by remaining members of the band, there is no doubt that
Metallica would carry on. "Cliff would have been the first one to be
pissed off if we didn't," said Lars. A few weeks later, a new bassist
was found in Jason Newsted.
     The band goes on tour from town to town, gig to gig, living in
hotels and horseways and always giving an explosive concert. Its a raw
life, but they never seem to stop or quit cause they are Metallica.
     Metallica loves screaming fans dressed in leather and spikes that
act insane if not insane. It is as if their music rips through a fans
brain but it's a sweet pain.


James Hetfield

     "I sit there and go, 'Oh God, I think what am I gonna write?' and
all of a sudden it happens. The First lines down and all hell flows
after that."

     James a.k.a. "The Angriest Kid in the World" is the lead vocals of
the group and plays guitar. His specialty is angst-ridden, soul-
rending, growling, loud-ass vocals.
     James is rugged, honest, and stubborn. He has blond hair and blue
eyes. James is 33 years old, 6 ft. 1 in. tall, and 180 lbs. in weight.
     What James enjoys outside of music is hunting and fishing. Also,
reading of contemporary fiction is another pastime. James loves to eat
spicy foods and is a natural born meat n' potatoes man. His beverages
of choice is beer and martinis.


Kirk Hammet

     "My guitars are my umbilical cord. They're directly wired into my
head."

     Kirk is the lead guitarist of the group. His specialty is kick-
ass, full-blown lead guitar.
     Kirk is smelly, ugly, and happy. He has brown hair and brown eyes.
Kirk is 34 years old, 5 ft. 7 in. tall, and 134 lbs. in weight.
     What Kirk enjoys outside of music is mountain biking. He collects
stuff related to horror; especially horror books. He hates sports.
Also, he is a connoisseur of cigars. Finally, he has a fondness for
tattoos and body piercing. Kirk loves to eat sushi (raw fish). His
beverage of choice is martinis.


Jason Newsted

     "I went to see Metallica. It freaked me out. I stood in front of
Cliff in total awe of the way he played. I became a fan instantly."

     Jason is the bass player of the group. His specialty is making
sure Metallica thumps harder than ever.
     Jason is energetic, caring, and goofy. He has brown/red hair and
blue eyes. Jason is 33 years old, 5 ft. 9 in. tall, and 150 lbs. in
weight.
     What Jason enjoys outside of music is mountain biking and playing
basketball. Jason loves to eat anything that is prepared via barbecue.
His beverage if choice is fine, thick, red wine.


Lars Ulrich

     "The minute you wake up, it's there. That feeling in your
stomach... Like, it's noon, and you wanna go on stage and get going,
but you got nine hours of sweaty palms ahead of you."

     Lars is the drummer of the band. His specialty is pounding,
driving rhythms.
     Lars is anticipating, stubborn, spontaneous, sarcastic, talkative,
and silly. He has blond/brown hair and blue eyes. Lars is 33 years old,
5 ft. 7 in. tall, and 130 lbs. in weight.
     What Lars enjoys outside of music is diving and exploring under
the water, skiing, fashion, and art. Lars was a tennis protege but game
up the sport although he may be talked into a game once in awhile. Lars
loves to eat tacos, burritos, cheese, and anything saucy. His beverage
of choice is beer and martinis.



Whiplash from Kill 'Em All
Hit the Lights from Kill 'Em All
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             QUASI-DEITIES


Master of Puppets
Sandman
The God That Failed
The Thing That Should Not Be


                           MASTER OF PUPPETS

Demon - AL chaotic evil; AC 0 (10 in human form); MV 18 / 18 fly; HD
12; HP 96; #AT 1; DMG 2d6 per claw, 2d4 tail, by weapon (always in
human form); SZ medium (6' tall); Str 18, Dex 25, Con 20, Int 18, Wis
20, Chr 18

     Master of Puppets usually appears as a decrepit old man with a big
dapper moustache. Appearances are deceptive as his ability scores
remain the same. His real form is of course demonic. He has those nasty
horns, big black wings, fangs, claws, spiked tail, and reddish skin.
Although he has hit points, he cannot die. When he "dies", he does not
return to the abyss as most demons would. The Master merely
disintegrates into nothing only to be reformed at full strength in 1d12
months somewhere near the lake.
     Master of Puppets is a demon ostracized from the layers of the
Abyss because he wanted power without earning it. Now he is doomed to
remain in the Prime Plane and earn the right to go back. He may return
and become lord of his own layer once he accumulates enough souls. Of
course, he has to follow some rules. First, he cannot directly take a
soul (i.e. kill a person). He can only provide the means of destruction
through clever manipulation, which he prefers to do anyhow. Once the
person is doomed, he usually asks The Master to be freed from life. In
a ritualistic ceremony, The Master gains the soul of the victim and
gets one step closer to his natural habitat. He has bigger dreams
however. He hopes to one day be the evil deity of drugs (of the
addictive, dangerous, loathsome type).
     Master of Puppets can exude a fear aura (all those that come
within 20 feet of him must save vs. fear or flee in a panic). He can
cause a person to lose 1d4 Insanity Points every time he meets them.
He can detect magic and detect alignment. He can cast two 6-die
lightning bolts a day. He can create a 10 ft. wall of fire four times a
day. He can create a 10 ft. radius ring of darkness around him at will.
He can teleport ten times a day. The Master can animate dead (up to
ten) and control them to do his bidding. He can gate in 1d4 demons of
less than 4 hit die.
     Master of Puppets takes pleasure in controlling and manipulating
people's lives. He likes to control them until they die. He promises
dreams. He promises only lies. He takes great pleasure in the
destruction of people; so much pleasure in fact that he laughs an evil
laugh most of the time.
     Master of Puppets has the ability to charm any creature (save at
-19). He charms people to get their attention, to lure them in. He
believes that once he attracts a person, that person is his.
     Master of Puppets can raise a person's ability scores a total
increase of 10 points. The Master may distribute these 10 points
amongst the ability scores any way he desires. Also, he does not have
to distribute all of them. The increase in ability scores last a number
of days equal to the person's original Constitution score. Also, the
person instantly ages one week for every ability point received. He
uses this ability as a drug to his victims. Once they get use to the
high abilities, they don't want to lose it.
     The blood of Master of Puppets is a narcotic drug, liquid fear. A
person that consumes a pint of blood suffers the following effects
during the 1d6+4 hours high: +12 to morale, +14 to Strength, +12 to
Intelligence, +12 to Wisdom, +12 to Dexterity, +11 to Charisma, +10 to
attack die, 100% spell failure. The person becomes stricken with an
intense fear that pumps through his veins. Hallucinations will compound
the fear effect. The blood is highly addicted and a person cannot
survive more than a month without another fix. The Master loves to give
a person a taste of him.
     Master of Puppets is also an accomplished drug distributor. In
fact, The Master is the head of a nationwide drug cartel. He finds that
addictive drugs are a good way to destroy people and get control of
their lives.
     Basically, Master of Puppets uses his abilities to get people
interested; knowing that once they're hooked they'll keep crawling
back. It is the self-destructive behavior of the victims that he loves.
He is their source of self-destruction, leading them to death.
     When a person wants to summon Master of Puppets, all that person
has to do is just call his name and he'll hear the scream. Then when he
appears, the person must crawl to him.
     Master of Puppets is pulling their strings. Twisting their mind
and smashing their dreams. Blinded by him, they can't see a thing.
     As Master of Puppets gains control of a person's life, he excepts
some form of loyalty. As he does a favor for somebody, he expects that
person to return a favor. In the end, he will want the life of his
victim which he will take in a miserable blood ritual.


                                SANDMAN

AL neutral with evil tendencies; AC 0; MV 18; HD 8; HP 50; #AT nil; DMG
nil; SZ medium (6' tall); Str 12, Dex 25, Con 25, Int 19, Wis 19, Chr
19

     Sandman is a man-like biped made entirely of sand, held together
by some form of magical cohesion. Sandman is similar to the creature
called sandman, but Sandman is much more powerful.
     Sandman can change his form so he may move around more easily. If
there is a crack big enough for a few grands of sand to pass through
then the Sandman can pass through.
     All weapons do quarter damage to Sandman. Normal missiles have no
effect on Sandman.
     Any creature coming within 50' of Sandman must save against magic
or go to sleep. Those who manage to stay awake must attempt to save
again each time they touch Sandman or are touched by him (a hit on him
by a weapon does not constitute a touch). Sleepers will remain asleep
for three full turns whatever happens. Thereafter, there is a
cumulative 10% chance per turn of a sleeper waking of his own accord,
and a 95% chance per round of him waking if violently disturbed.
     Sandman visits people at night when they are asleep. Exit light;
enter night; and the Sandman will come. Sandman is a being who takes
people off to Never Never Land. In actuality, a projection of the
person enters Never Never Land as he sleeps. What happens to the
projection has little effect on the sleeping person. Possible sweating
is about the only physical effect on the person.
     A sleeping person has a cumulative 1% chance for every hour asleep
of waking up while the Sandman is there. If he awakes, he believes that
he heard a noise like beasts under his bed, in his closet, in his head.
The Sandman leaves before he is discovered.
     Legend has it that if a person (especially a child) does not say
his prayers before going asleep, Sandman can take that person's soul.
Legend is based on fact. Sandman can take the soul of a person who does
not say his prayers before going asleep. Sandman takes the soul into
Never Never Land. In Never Never Land, the soul is like the person in
real life. And if the soul dies in Never Never Land, then the person
dies in his sleep. "So say your prayers little one. Don't forget, my
son to include everyone."

      "Now I lay me down to sleep, pray the lord my soul to keep.
        If I die before I wake, pray the lord my soul to take."

This is the beginning of a typical bedtime prayer. This is common
because few wish Sandman to take their soul. Of course, Sandman prefers
that people don't say their prayers especially children (hush little
baby, don't say a word). If children can not learn the habit of saying
prayers, the better chance he has to get them.
     Sandman is not evil and doesn't want people's souls for evil
purposes although the act in itself is considered evil to some. Sandman
merely prefers a soul in never Never Land then a mere projection. A
soul is a welcome visitor to him. Projections are nothing more than
poor facsimiles of the real thing.
     To most people, it is unnerving that Sandman enters their home at
night whilst they are tucked in, warm within, and free from sin. Rumor
has it that some of the more paranoid people sleep with one eye open,
gripping a pillow tight.
     After a visit from Sandman, a person can find a grain of sand near
his pillow.
     Heavy thoughts tonight and they aren't of snow white. Dreams of
war, dreams of liars, dreams of dragon's fire, and of things that will
bite...


                          THE GOD THAT FAILED

Fallen Deity - AL chaotic neutral; AC 10; MV 9; HD 13; HP 130; #AT 1;
DMG by weapon; SZ medium (5' 10" tall); Str 9, Dex 9, Con 9, Int 19,
Wis 19, Chr 3

     The God That Failed was the patron deity of The Rock. He came into
existence after the incursion as people needed a spiritual lift. It is
believed that he is the Deity of Metallica. Also, it is theorized that
he was created by the Deity of the Blacksmiths and the Deity of
Insanity.
     There was a time when people took and felt pride in the god. They
would kneel before him in worship. The god fed on the people and he
grew in power. The belief in him clouded all that they knew. The people
expected love in return or at least a kind word. And the god promised
them protection. He gave them trust. Then there was a sick a child, a
good child loved by the community. The followers gave a faithful outcry
to the god to save the child. The god did not answer and the child
died; his body laid to rest in a grave at the local cemetery. The
followers felt deceived. They believed in the god. Broken was the
promise, betrayal. The people lost their faith. The god lost his
believers which in turn he lost his power.
     When the followers lost the faith, the god lost his place on the
heavenly planes. He now lives in the temple a god but not a god. He
tries to get people to believe again but nobody hears his "discouraging
lies". He must find his peace, find his say, find the smooth road on
his way. He never leaves the temple and it is speculated that he is
imprisoned there until he can regain power.
     Few know that the god lives in the temple. Local lore has it that
the temple is merely haunted. To some extended it is haunted as the god
is more dead then alive.
     Since his fall from grace, the god appears as a decrepit, sickly,
old man. A person would have a hard time believing that this man was
once a god. His low stats reflect his current condition. If he was to
regain his power his ability scores would increase to Str 19, Dex 19,
Con 19, Chr 20.
     The God That Failed is immortal. He cannot die. He generates 5 hit
points per round.
     The god still maintains some omnipotent power. He has the ability
to see all that goes on in The Rock and everything within a one mile
radius. Unfortunately, he can't do anything but watch the world around
him.
     Inside the temple, the god has the ability to teleport at will. He
may also cast two 3-HD lightening points per day.


                      THE THING THAT SHOULD NOT BE

     The Thing That Should Not has lived in the lake for centuries
(maybe eons). He is the great Old One, immortal. He is doomed to live
in the lake forever. He is Chaotic Neutral.
     Nobody knows what brought him into being. Legend does have it
that the infamous rock in the lake is actually his petrified heart.
     Being immortal tends to be boring and The Thing can spend decades
in a deep sleep. This hibernation is not necessarily for survival. It
is just a lifestyle choice.
     He spends his time lurking beneath the sea and watching. He reads
minds for amusement. He collects things that fall to the bottom of the
lake. He doesn't like to take an active part of society. He prefers to
remain aloof. The Thing prefers to be a legend rather than reality to
most people.
     The Thing is very wise (Wisdom of 25) and intelligent
(Intelligence of 19). He has lived a long life and read the thoughts of
many minds. Some people seek out The Thing for advice. If they do find
him (or he finds them) and the confrontation is pleasant, The Thing may
share his wisdom with them. He does require one thing. A person who
wishes his wisdom, must drink a cup of his blood. The character must
make five successful saves vs. poison. For each one that fails, the
person goes insane. If successful, he passes on the wisdom. He may also
grant a reward from his treasury.
     The Thing can summon a mist or fog over a portion of the lake or
the entire lake at will. The Thing at will can create an 10 foot area
of darkness.
     The Thing exudes a fear aura. All those that come within 30 feet
of him must save vs. fear or flee in a panic. All those that look upon
The Thing lose 1d10 Insanity Points.
     The Thing can cause a person to go insane. The person gets a save
at -4 to cancel this effect. The GM can either roll randomly for the
insanity or assign one (recommended).
     The Thing can read the thoughts of any thing that is on or in the
lake (with the exception of those under magical mind protection). Thus
when he comes in contact with people, he requires their presence in
lake water even if they are only standing in a pool of it.
     The Thing can take on many forms but a few stats remain the same
in any form. The Thing has 264 hit points (33 hit die). The Thing can
regenerate 3 hit points per round. His THAC0 is 1.
     The Thing may take on a various forms which take one round to
change.

     Human - AC 10; MV 9; #AT 1; DMG by weapon; SZ medium (6' tall);
Str 12, Dex 12, Con 18 - The Thing takes this form to mingle amongst
the normal folk of the land. He may not go more than 100 yards from the
shore of the lake. The main reason he goes on land in this form is to
mate with females and impregnate them. Children born from The Thing are
physically as normal as any child born from their mother. Mentally they
have a fascination with water that can be described as an obsession.
Although they may travel away from a water source, they prefer not to
and are extremely uneasy when not near a body of water.

     Lobster Man - AC -1; MV 12 / 24 water; #AT 2; DMG 4d6 per claw; SZ
large (12' tall); Str 21, Dex 21, Con 23 - The Thing appears as a human
man with a lobster's head and claws. Each claw can snap for 4d6 points
of damage. Any creature hit by both claws in the same round is
considered grasped by The Thing. The person can escape by making a
successful strength check (-5 penalty). Failure to escape and The Thing
can do 8d6 point of damage total in the next round (no attack roll is
necessarily).

     Swamp Ogre - AC 0; MV 15 / 7 water; #AT 3; DMG 2d10 per claw, 1d12
bite; SZ large (15' tall); Str 25, Dex 17, Con 19 - The Thing appears
as an exceedingly horrid mottled brown and green humanoid. In this
form, The Thing can wield a weapon (which he has a collection of).
However he prefers to tear his prey apart with his claws rather than
use a weapon.

     Sea Serpent - AC 3; MV 0 / 60 water; #AT 1; DMG 3d10 bite; SZ
large (50' Long); Str 20, Dex 20, Con 20 - The Thing's favorite form
for swimming in the lake is this one as it is the fastest and
smoothest. He can coil around small vessels (which is any vessel that
has ever been on the lake) and either crush it to bits or drag it under
water. While he coils around the vessel, he may still use his bite
attack. Attacks to his body during the coil automatically do full
damage if the attack is successful.

     Toad - AC 0; MV 15 / 7 water; #AT 1; DMG 6d10; SZ large (20'
tall); Str 25, Dex 20, Con 20 - The Thing appears as a vile lizard
toad. His skin oozes along with loose patches of dead flesh. The liquid
on his skin is an acidic poison; any creature touching it takes 3d6
points of damage and must save vs. poison at -4 or become unconscious
and continue to lose 3 hit points per round. Weapons and other objects
must save vs. acid or be destroyed. He can exhale a stinking cloud (as
the spell) at will. His huge mouth is filled with needle-sharp teeth
used in his deadly bite which causes 6d10 points of damage.

     For centuries, various versions of a cult rise and begin various
activities around The Thing. The Thing is often amused by their
activity and often leads a cult to believe that they can control him
via "summoning", sacrifice, and other typical cult activities.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           THE FOUR HORSEMAN


     "Time has taken its toll on you: the lines that crack your face,
famine your body it has torn through, withered in every place,
pestilence for what you have had to endure, and what you have put
others through."
     A person begins dying since the day of birth. A person's life and
death is pre-planned. A sinner once, a sinner twice, it does not matter
as fate has destined all.
     With a person's last breath, the four winds blow (north, south,
east, and west). The quartet of deliverance rides. The Horsemen are
drawing nearer. On the leather steeds they ride. They have come to take
a life on through the dead of night. The soul of the dead must ride
with the four Horsemen. The Four Horsemen work for Death. they are the
deliverance.
     The person's soul has the right to resist the Horsemen and not
die. No need for confession now, cause now he has the fight of his
life. Everybody better raise their ears. The sound of hooves knocks at
the door. Lock up the wife and children now. It's time to wield the
blade for now the soul has got some company. To bring any of the
horsemen to zero hit points, means victory to the soul and the person
is resurrected.


     ... And power was given unto them over the fourth part of the
     earth, to kill with sword, and with hunger, and with death, and
     with the beasts of the earth.  Revelations 6:8

     Occasionally, the Four Horsemen must carry out the wrath of the
gods. When they are called to do this job, the horsemen use their
apocalyptic powers. Although it is possible for the horsemen to use
these powers at any time, they are forbidden to do so by the gods.
Apocalyptic destruction can only be ordered by the gods themselves. The
effects of using the powers without permission is unknown, but no doubt
fatal (or worse).
     People of good heart may have visions of the eventual apocalypse.
Priests and paladins are a natural choice for such visions but common
folk like farmers may have visions as well. If the visions are pieced
together, an omen of the impending doom will be revealed. Also, riddles
will be revealed of artifacts that may prevent or stop the apocalypse.


HORSEMAN OF WAR (WHITE) - THE CONQUEROR

     And I saw, and behold a white horse: and he that sat on him had a
     bow; and a crown was given unto him: and he went forth conquering,
     and to conquer. Revelations 6:2

     This horseman is the leader of the four. He wears a golden crown
encrusted with diamonds.
     The Conqueror wears magical Plate Mail. The armor is white. It
gives an armor class bonus of 5.

Powers - The horseman can cause it to become dark as night or light as
day within a seven mile radius.
     The horseman can cause an earthquake. A local tremor of fairly
high strength rips the ground. The shock is over in 1d4+1 round. The
earthquake affects all terrain, vegetation, structures, and creatures
in its area of effect. The area of effect of the earthquake is circular
with a diameter of roughly seven miles.
     The horseman can summon seven avatars; each with seven hit dice.
The type of avatars may vary depending on the GM's wishes. A good
choice would be the avatars of the Death deity. Of course, any deity's
avatars could summoned. One suggestion of four avatars: a lion, an ox,
a man, an eagle; each of them with six wings, full of eyes all round
and within, always singing.

Apocalypse Power - All living creatures within 666 league radius of the
horseman become hostile. Tempers rise as minor conflicts become major.
Anger and hatred escalates. All creature less than 12th level / hit die
are automatically affected. Those above 12th level / hit die must save
vs. death magic (+7 penalty) or become affected. Within seven days,
chaos develops as the entire area enters a hostile state of war.

Weapon - White Bow - This bow gives a +5 bonus to attack and damage
rolls to arrows fired from it.
     The bow and the arrows that are fired from it glow with a bright
white. Against evil beings or those that gain power from the Negative
Energy Material Plane (like souls), the bow kills if a save vs. death
magic is failed.
     The wielder of the bow can surround himself with an area of magic
resistance (25' radius).

Horse - AL lawful neutral; AC 6; MV 14, FL 28 (B); HD 10; HP 80; THAC0
11; #AT 3; DMG 1d8/1d8/1d4; SA special; SD special; MR nil; SZ large;
XP 2000

     The horse is a supernatural version of a Volatilis Clydesdale
(from The Complete Guide to Alcohol for Fantasy Role-Playing Games).
Volatilis Clydesdale horses are magnificent flying beasts that charge
through the air with their powerful hooves. When a Volatilis Clydesdale
moves through air, strange white lightening sparks from its hooves. A
magnificent view in a dark sky. When a herd of Volatilis Clydesdales
take to the sky, the sound of thunder rips through the heavens.
     The first breath weapon of the horse is lightning. The range is
100 feet. The bolt can fork and strike up to four targets. The weapon
does 8d8 points of lightning damage. Damage is divided between the
targets up to four.
     The second breath weapon of the horse is a mist. The mist cone is
100 feet in length and 25 feet in width. This breath weapon produces a
fine mist which will lower a enemies to-hit by 3.


HORSEMAN OF FAMINE (RED)

     And there went out another horse that was red: and power was given
     to him that sat thereon to take peace from the earth, and that
     they should kill one another: and there was given unto him a great
     sword. Revelations 6:4

Powers - The horseman has a unique charm ability. He may attempt to
charm any creature. The creature must make a save vs. charm with a +10
penalty. Failure and the creature will go insane and attack other
creatures in the attempt to kill them. The creature will shriek, rave,
and behave in a violent manner. His strength will increase by 2d2,
dexterity by 1d2, and constitution by 1d2. The maniac is unreasoning
when spoken to, but he will posses great cunning. The afflicted will
desire to avoid or to do something according, but not necessarily
appropriate, to the situation at hand.

Apocalypse Power - All crops and food stores within 666 league radius
of the horseman begin to rot. Within seven days, all crops are
destroyed. Also food stores (prepared meats, harvested grains, etc.)
are rotted and beyond usage. Water sources become tainted and
undrinkable. Magic that creates or purifies food and/or water fails
with the exception of a wish.

Weapon - Red Sword - The wielder gets a +5 bonus to hit and damage with
this sword. When using the sword, the wielder always strikes first in
the combat round.
     Anybody who suffers a wound from this sword will develop the
insanity of mania. On a attack role of a natural 20, the victim is
killed.
     The blade of the sword has a flame of fire dancing on it. The fire
illuminates the area as a torch. The flame easily ignites burnable
materials like oil, wood, etc..

Horse - AL lawful neutral; AC 6; MV 24, FL 48 (B); HD 10; HP 80; THAC0
11; #AT 3; DMG 1d8/1d8/1d4; SA special; SD special; MR nil; SZ large;
XP 2000

     The horse is a supernatural version of a Mustang horse. The horse
fights with its two fore-hooves and its powerful teeth.
     The first breath weapon of the horse is red fire. The flame cone
is 100 feet in length and 25 feet in width. The weapon does 8d8 points
of damage. All objects must make a save or melt.
     The second breath weapon of the horse is s a freezing fire. The
flame cone is 100 feet in length and 25 feet in width. The fire steals
heat instead of giving it. The weapon does 8d8 points of cold damage.


HORSEMAN OF DEATH (BLACK)

     And when he had opened the third seal, I heard the third beast
     say, Come and see. And I beheld, and lo a black horse; and he that
     sat on him had a pair of balances in his hand. Revelations 6:5

     This horseman judges the dead and decides where the soul shall go.

Powers - The horseman can cause the full moon(s) to became blood red.

Apocalypse Power - Gates to the Outer Planes open within 666 league
radius of the horseman. Beings from the Outer Planes may pass through
the gates to do their bidding. It seems that those beings from the Hell
and the Abyss tend to take advantage of these gates than those from the
Heavens.

Weapon - Scales of Judgement - With the scales of judgement, the soul's
life is weighed: good on one scale, bad on the other. The soul judged
will go to heaven, hell, or remain on the earth as undead.
     The balance allows the user to open gates to all the planes.
However, the gate is one-way to the plane.
     A creature other than a horseman who touches the balance, will
become paralyzed.
     Those that aren't being judge because of death, may still be
judged by the wielder. A creature's life is weighed and the wielder may
grant the creature a gift or punish the creature in some way.
Possibilities are an increase/decrease in ability scores, remove/bestow
curse/insanity, bonus/penalty to saves/to-hit/damage.

Horse - AL lawful neutral; AC -4; MV 15, FL 36 (B); HD 10; HP 80; THAC0
11; #AT 3; DMG 4d10/4d10/2d4; SA special; SD special; MR nil; SZ large;
XP 2000

    The horse is a supernatural version of a war horse similar in look
to a Nightmare.
      The first breath weapon of the horse is fire. The flame cone is
100 feet in length and 25 feet in width. The weapon does 8d8 points of
damage. All objects must make a save or melt.
     The second breath weapon of the horse is a black gas. The gas cone
is 25 feet in length and 10 feet in width. Anybody who comes into
contact with the gas must save vs. petrifaction or turn to stone.


HORSEMAN OF PLAGUE (PALE)

     And I looked, and behold a pale horse: and his name that sat on
     him was Death, and Hell followed with him. Revelations 6:8

     This horseman enforces the ruling of death. Most resistance comes
from those that shall burn in hell. Thus, he has the power of hell to
help him.

Powers - This horseman can summon up to six devils from hell. The total
hit dice of the devils cannot be greater than 66. Sometimes one big,
tough devil will get the job done. Then again, 6 11-HD devils might be
a nice show of force.

Apocalypse Power - All living creatures within 666 league radius of the
horseman become infected with disease. Each hour, a creature must save
vs. disease (+7 penalty) or become infected. The GM may randomly decide
what that disease is, but the disease should be yechy, infectious, and
fatal. Within seven days, the majority of the populace should be
infected with one disease or another.
     A horde of creeping, hopping, and flying insects gather and swarm
in a thick cloud within a 66 mile radius. The insects obscure vision
limiting it to 10 feet. Spellcasting within the cloud of insects is
impossible. Creatures within the clouds sustain 1 point of damage per
round due bits and stings regardless of armor class. Strong use of the
elements will keep the insects at bay.
     A mist of creeping doom six miles long and 66 feet wide moves
across the land. All living creatures that are engulfed in the mist
must save vs. death or die.

Weapon - Ghost Sword - The wielder gets a +5 bonus to hit and damage
with this phantasmal sword.

Horse - AL lawful neutral; AC -4; MV 15, FL 36 (B); HD 10; HP 80; THAC0
11; #AT 3; DMG 4d10/4d10/2d4; SA special; SD special; MR nil; SZ large;
XP 2000

     The horse is a ghostly version of a Nightmare. The horse is non-
corporeal. A person can actually see through the horse. Although the
horse can't be touched because of its ghostly state, a person can still
ride on him if the horse wishes it. The rider becomes non-corporeal as
well. The only time the horse or his rider solidifies is to attack.
     The horse has great fangs and burning hoofs. His breath is
naturally hot and smoking.
     The first breath weapon of the horse is intense blue fire. The
flame cone is 100 feet in length and 25 feet in width. The weapon does
16d8 points of fire damage. All objects must make a save (+10 penalty)
or melt.
     The second breath weapon of the horse is a poisonous spit. The
range is 100 feet. If struck, the target must save vs. poison at -5 or
die.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                 SPELLS


Lv Spell               Song                      Album
01 The Call of Ktulu   The Call of Ktulu         Ride the Lightning
03 Pulling Teeth       (Anesthesia)Pulling Teeth Kill 'Em All
05 Fade to Black       Fade to Black             Ride The Lightning
05 Ride The Lightning  Ride The Lightning        Ride The Lightning
05 Whiplash            Whiplash                  Kill 'Em All
09 Holocaust           Fight Fire With Fire      Ride The Lightning
                       Blackened                 ...And Justice For All
10 Battery             Battery                   Master of Puppets


The Call of Ktulu (Conjuration/Summoning, Phantasm)

Level: 1
Range: 10 feet / level
Components: V, S
Duration: 1 round / level
Casting Time: 1 / level
Area of Effect: 10 feet / level
Save: Special

     During the final battle of the Humanoid Incursion on Memorial
Hill, there was a warrior named Ktulu. He was considered the bravest of
all the warriors that day killing many beasts before his eventual
downfall. And before he fell, he gave a final outcry while taking the
life of the leader of the humanoids.
     When the mage casts this spell, he yells the Call of Ktulu, a loud
battle cry that Ktulu himself yelled on that fatal day. The material
component is a handful of dirt from Memorial Hill (which does not get
consumed by spell). Depending on the mage's spell level, he has several
choices of spell effect. GMs are advised to not allow a high level mage
get a hold of this spell. A high level mage shouldn't be able to pick
this first level spell and cast the more powerful effects from it.
This spell is designed to grow with the mage by design. The possible
number of effects increases as the mage goes up in level:
     Mage Level 1 - The mage can summon a fruity tropical alcohol drink
called Ktulu. It comes in a coconut shell with a small colored umbrella
(usually pink or blue). The mage may summon 1 drink per level of the
mage.
     Mage Level 3 - The mage can give an outcry that is equal in volume
to that of two men for each per level of the mage. Thus a 4th level
mage's battle cry would be equal to the sound of eight men. Nonmagical
objects of crystal, glass, ceramic, porcelain, etc. such as vials,
bottles, flasks, windows, mirrors, etc. shatter. Objects weighing more
than one pound per level of the caster are not affected, but all other
objects of the appropriate composition must save vs. crushing blow or
be shattered.
     Mage Level 5 - The mage can ask Ktulu the Warrior Ghost for
advice. The ghost will appear only as an eerie voice. The mage may
receive advice and information from Ktulu. He will talk to the mage for
the duration of the spell. Note that Ktulu is not omnipotent. He only
has the knowledge of a 10th level warrior. He has knowledge of
fighting, tactics and such. He has some knowledge of humanoids as he
killed them for years.  Also, he has local history knowledge of The
Rock. GMs should be careful on what information Ktulu will give.
     Mage Level 7 - The mage gives an outcry that causes a gust of wind
equal to 5 miles per hour per level of the mage. Its path is 10 feet
wide by 10 yards long per level of the mage.
     Mage Level 9 - The mage summons Ktulu the monster. The monster
fights for the mage and does its bidding until the spell ends. The
monster remains after the spell is over. He does not remain under the
control of the mage so it may (and most likely will) attack the mage
and his comrades.
     Mage Level 11 - The mage can summon Ktulu the Warrior Ghost [AL
lawful good; AC 0; MV 9; HD 10; HP 60; THAC0 11; #AT 1; DMG 1d8 (one-
handed bastard sword) or age 1d4x10 years; SA special; SD special; MR
nil; SZ medium (6' tall); XP 7500]. Unlike most ghosts, Ktulu wields a
sword as a 10th level warrior. When summoned, Ktulu will fight for the
mage if the cause is just and good. He will not fight good creatures as
he remains Lawful Good in undeath. Also, he will not fight for an evil
mage and in fact will fight the mage if evil. Ktulu is not under
control of the mage. Once the mage directs him to the enemy, Ktulu goes
about his business. He remains until the enemy is destroyed or the
spell duration ends.
     Mage Level 13 - The mage gives an outcry that can kill. The call
can kill one creature up to 50 hit points or it can kill two or more
creatures with 10 or fewer hit points up to the maximum of 100 hit
points. Creatures current hit points are used. The creature gets a save
vs. death magic. A victim gets a +5 bonus to the save, -1 for each
level of the mage above 13. Thus if the mage is 18th level, the victim
gets no save. If the mage is 20th level, the victim gets a -2 to save.


(Anesthesia) - Pulling Teeth (Invocation)

Level: 3
Range: 10 feet per level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Instantaneous
Area of Effect: One person
Save: Negates

     When this spell is cast, a methodic deep bass sound begins. During
the round the spell is cast, the victim must make a successful spell or
go into a deep comatose slumber.
     During the next round, some teeth of the victim are yanked out.
The unlucky victim loses one tooth per level of the caster. With each
tooth removed, the victim suffers 2 points of damage.
     The material component is small metal pliers.


Fade to Black (Necromancy)

Level: 5
Range: 500 feet
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 5 rounds
Area of Effect: one creature
Save: Special

     If a save vs. death magic fails, the victim is struck with the
insanity of Melancholia (this malady makes the afflicted give in to
black moods, fits of brooding, and feelings of hopelessness) for 1d6+1
days. After which the victim must make another save vs. death magic or
commit suicide.
     "Life it seems, will fade away. Drifting further every day.
Getting lost within myself. Nothing matters no one else. I have lost
the will to live. Simply nothing more to give. There is nothing more
for me. Need the end to set me free."
     "Things not what they used to be. Missing one inside of me.
Deathly lost, this can't be real. Cannot stand this hell I feel.
Emptiness is filing me to the point of agony. Growing darkness taking
dawn. I was me, but now he's gone."
     "No one but me can save myself, but it is too late. Now I can't
think, think why I should even try. Yesterday seems as though it never
existed. Death greets me warm, now I will just say good-bye."
     Note that the victim can be any intelligence being of less than
100 hit points. This is the true power of the spell as most death
spells have bigger limitations on power of the death magic.
     Unlike other death spells, this spell allows the victim two saves
which explains the low level of this spell.
     The material component of the spell is a black pearl which is
valued at 5000 silvers. It is destroyed when the spell is cast.


Ride The Lightning (Evocation)

Level: 5
Range: 100 feet
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 1 round /level
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 1 person
Save: None

     During the first round of the spell a phantasmal chair is evocated
and the victim is strapped in it. Thus the victim must be a type of
creature able to be placed in the chair (slimes, dragons, and such
won't work). Generally speaking, humans, humanoids, and giantkin are
acceptable (mainly bipedal type creatures). GM's discretion on what
will work.
     On the second round, the victim must sit in fear thinking, "This
can't be happening to me. Can this be true?"
     On the third round, there is a bright flash as a nearby phantasmal
switch is thrown. And the electricity begins to flow through the victim
doing 1d10 points of damage per round for the remainder of the spell's
duration. Roll damage each round.
     The electricity seems to burn the brain. All muscles will tense
up; his fingers will gripe the chair with fear. The victim will sweat
from chilling cold. The only thing the victim can do is plead with his
god for mercy as the never-ending rounds go by. Ride the Lightning...
     Guilty as charged by the mage. Sentence to the electric chair by
the mage. Who made the mage god to say "I'll take your life from you!"
Damn it, it ain't right.
     The material component of this spell is a finely-crafted 2-inch
wood and metal chair (cost: approximately 100 silvers) which doesn't
get consumed by the spell.


Whiplash (Enchantment/Charm)

Level: 5
Range: 500 feet
Components: V, S
Duration: 5 rounds per level
Casting Time: 5
Area of Effect: 1 person
Save: Neg.

     This spell affects any single "person" it is cast upon. The person
gets a save vs. spell to avoid the effect of the spell. If the victim
fails, he freaks for 5 rounds for every experience level of the caster.
     The victim's adrenaline starts to flow. He thrashes all around. He
acts like a maniac. The victim will shriek, rave, and behave in a
violent manner. His strength will increase by 2d2, dexterity by 1d2,
and constitution by 1d2. Also, he loses 1d4 Insanity Points. Further,
the person cannot do anything useful as he thrashes in frenzied madness
and bangs his head against things until it rings, even bleeds.
     Towards the end of the spell's duration, there is a feeling deep
inside that drives the victim fucking mad. It is a feeling of a
hammerhead. This feeling is a prelude to the WHIPLASH, the part of the
spell which tries to maim and kill.
     During the last round of the spell duration, the victim's neck
(and spine) is suddenly whipped in a forward and backward jerk of the
head that causes 1d4+1 points of damage per experience level of the
mage. In addition, the victim must make save vs. crushing blow or
suffer chronic neck problems. The chronic neck problems will manifest
itself in the future whenever the person does any strenuous activity
that affects the neck (GM's discretion). The GM may allow a save vs.
crushing blow at this time. Failure and the character suffers 1d4+1
points of damage and will be unable to use his neck for 1d4 days
(better get a brace).
     After the spell is over, the afflicted will not remember his
actions during the spell's duration.


Holocaust (Evocation)

Level: 9
Range: 1000 feet / level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Instantaneous
Casting Time: 2 turns
Area of Effect: 200 feet/level radius
Save: Special

     Holocaust is a spell of revenge against a large populace who has
destroyed a loved one or loved ones of the mage. The intricacies of the
magic will cause the spell to fail if the mage is seeking revenge on
only a person or the mage isn't seeking revenge at all. A key phrase
inscribed in magical runes on the missile is "Do unto others as they
have done unto you".
     A good GM would not allow a player to use this spell if the
character's loss of loved ones was not role-played well. For example:
if the mage's wife and children were killed because of the harsh
rulership of a king and his court, he would want revenge. If the mage
kept on adventuring and fornicated with a multitude of women, the spell
would not work for him. However if the mage grieved for years, spent a
fortune in creating a shrine, gave up adventuring, and made a vow to
get revenge even if it cost him his life; then this spell would
definitely work and destroy the kingdom that wronged him. A GM should
not allow abuse of this spell.  This is for true role-players and not
Monty-Haulers.
     Holocaust is a strategic, not tactical spell. Notice that most
offensive (and defensive for that matter) spells are tactical in
nature. Attacks that affect a few people are classified tactical, while
large-scale attacks (i.e. affecting a whole town or city) are strategic
spells.
     This spell simulates a devastating technological bomb. Once cast,
the spell creates a large (25 feet long, 5 feet in diameter at base),
indestructible, magical missile from the mage's concoction (see below)
that heads to it's target, better known as ground zero. The missile
cannot be stopped or manipulated naturally or magically, it always gets
to its destination (of course GMs may make exceptions to this rule).
     Once the spell is cast and the missile begins it's journey to
ground zero, all people and animals within the area of effect of the
spell must save vs. fear. Failure and the creatures become terrified
with a feeling of impending doom. Some of those that are terrified
begin a frantic dance. "To begin the whipping dance of the dead".
     The spell's range to ground zero is 1000 feet for every level of
the caster. This allows an 18th level mage to center the spell as much
as three miles away. This would indicate that the mage is well within
enemy borders in most cases when the spell is cast, although he is
still a distance from his target.
     The area of effect is a sphere with a 200 feet per level of the
caster radius. The caster cannot control the area of effect. Thus if
the mage is 18th level, he will always have an area of effect that is
6400 feet in diameter. Given that 5280 feet comprise a mile, this is
quite a distance. The mage better be descent at judging distance, or he
might suddenly find himself inside the area of effect of his own spell.
     Once ground zero is reached, the missile explodes and lightly
disperses a very strong, somewhat gaseous, magical fluid that is then
ignited causing immense damage and complete lose of oxygen in the area
of effect.
     "Millions of our years in minutes disappears." Everything within
100 feet of ground zero is totally destroyed. Everything within the
next 100 feet must make a save of 10 or be destroyed. The area becomes
void of life, death of mother earth never it will mend. The earth gets
blistered and takes on the darkest color. "Blackened Is the end." Also,
the area becomes "radioactive" and anybody who enters this area must
make a save vs. death magic every turn or suffer a mutation.
     "All is said and done never is the sun." Once the missile
explodes, the area of effect is blanketed with a darkness. This is not
total darkness as in the spell of that name but rather a deep rich
nighttime darkness that blackens the day.
     "Winter it will send throwing all you see into obscurity." 1d10+10
rounds after the explosion, a heavy blizzard of black snow will
commence. 2d10+10 inches of black snow will fall for 3d8 hours reducing
vision to two feet. Winds will be at a gusty 6d8+40 MPH. Infravision
and tracking are useless. The temperature drops to a minimum of -25
Fahrenheit causing a callous frigid chill.
      Damage to the victims come by two means. The first is the
combustion/compression of the explosion which does 10d10 points of
damage. Victims get no save because the area of effect is to large and
the explosion is the very air around the victim, thus escape is
impossible.
     "Soon to fill our lungs the hot winds of death." The second means
of damage stems from the suffocation resulting from the explosion that
uses up all the available oxygen in the area of effect. Every round
beginning the round the spell is cast, 2d8 damage is taken from lack of
oxygen. A victim that has a chance to take a large breath of air and
does not perform strenuous exercise while holding his breath and is not
fully encumbered can hold his breath for a number of rounds equal to
1/3 his Constitution, rounded up (nonstrenuous exercise includes such
activities as normal movement, searching for secret doors, etc.). If a
victim is performing strenuous exercise, the number of rounds is cut in
half (strenuous exercise includes combat, attempting to subdue or move
an uncooperative creature, trying to lift heavy weight, moving at high
speed, etc.). If a person does not have a chance to take a deep breath
before the spell takes effect, the amount of time is halved (rounded
up). This halving is cumulative with regard to strenuous exercise. Note
that anybody can always hold his breath for at least one round.
     When his breath runs out, a person does not immediately suffer the
2d8 points of damage caused because of the lack of oxygen. Each round
after his breath runs out, the person makes a Constitution check. The
first check has no modifiers, but there is a -2 cumulative modifier
each round thereafter. A failed check indicates that the victim tries
to inhale oxygen, which is not there, and suffers the 2d8 points of
damage. He will continue to suffer 2d8 points of damage each round
until oxygen diffuse back into the area of effect or he leaves the area
of effect or dies.
     After detonation of the spell which rids the area of effect of
oxygen, the oxygen will diffuse in at 50 feet a round.
     Finally, any survivors must make a save vs. death magic or suffer
a mutation caused by the radiation of the missile. No table is
presented on what the mutation is. GMs must decide what mutations
develop. Note that many RPGs based on post-holocaust Earth have
mutation systems devised and a GM may seek out such material.
     Once the spell is cast, the mage ages 1d10+9 years. Also, the mage
must make a save vs. death magic or lose half his Constitution. Given
the great loss the mage suffered and the thirst for revenge, these
costs to the mage are not that great.
     One option to the mage is to make it a suicide missile of awesome
destruction. With this option, the mage may meld with the missile
during the final rounds of casting. The mage dies when the missile
explodes. The benefit is that all effects (i.e. range, area of effect,
and damage) of the missile are quadrupled. With nothing more to live
for, the mage blows all into nothingness and all shall come to rest.
"We shall die."
     The main material component of the spell is a huge piece of
Metallica forged into a hollow cone-shape that is 25 feet long and 5
feet in diameter at base. The missile must be forged by the mage. Thus,
the mage must be proficient in the art of blacksmithing. Forging of the
missile takes six months. During the forging process, the mage
inscribes various magical runes on to the missile. The missile is not
magical, it merely becomes primed as a receptacle for magical use. Note
that working with the metal Metallica causes a lose of 6 Insanity
Points per month for a total of 36 Insanity Points. Note that previous
rules dictate that the lose should be only 4 Insanity Points per month,
but this spell requires an unusual amount of time with the metal which
causes the increase of 2 points per month.
     Inside the missile, various things both solid and liquid are mixed
together to form a magical concoction. The ingredients are:
     - A tear of grief from the mage.
     - Five gallons of pure 200 proof alcohol. If there is a trace of
       impurity before casting, the spell will backfire causing the
       mage to be the center of the area of effect.
     - A gallon of blood from a demon. Getting the blood of a demon is
       no easy task and the GM should make the retrieval of this item
       very difficult.
     - One gallon of holy water created by priests of Death.
     - The remains of at least one of the persons that was lost to the
       mage. As noted previously, the mage must have suffered a
       terrible loss to cast this spell. It is preferred that the mage
       has the remains cremated into a fine ash for ease of use. If
       there are enough remains for cremation to take place, a GM
       should make this a requirement.
     - The cremated remains of an adult (or better) red dragon: blood,
       hide, and all the innards. The GM should not allow any character
       to make this purchase. This item should be retrieved first hand.
     - A rock (no smaller than one square inch) from the elemental
       Plane of Fire. The rock should be crushed. Some GMs may have a
       ruling that such a rock is very dense and hard to crush
       requiring giant to deity strength to crush it.
     - One diamond that has a value no less than 10,000 silver pieces.
     The spell is potent but there are a few hindrances that come with
the spell.
     The use of the metal Metallica will certainly cause the mage to go
insane. Also, getting such a large quantity of the metal should be
costly to the mage.
     The material components are perhaps the biggest problem with the
spell for without them the spell can't be cast. GMs should make the
material components hard to come by and adventures should be made just
for that.
      This spell is a closely guarded secret by those that are
fortunate to possess it. Using this spell offensively is great, but
being on the receiving end of the spell is not to fun.
     The typical outcome: nothing left to kill, never seen before,
breathing nevermore, smoldering decay, darkening in vain, decadence
remains. Opposition, contradiction, premonition, compromise, agitation,
violation, mutilation... planet dies. Termination, expiration,
cancellation... human race. Expectation, liberation, population... lay
to waste. Darkest potency In the exit of humanity. True death of life
is the outcome of hypocrisy. The gods are laughing, as humanity takes
it's last breath. What in the hell is this world coming to when spell's
like this exist?


Battery (Invocation/Evocation)

Level: 10 (dweomer)
Range: current plane
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 50 turns - 1 turn for every mage
Area of Effect: Special
Save: None

     Battery is a powerful dweomer. To be cast, a minimum of four mages
inflicted with insanity is required. These mages form a circle of
destruction. During the casting of the dweomer, the mages create a
powerhouse of energy, whipping up a fury, dominating flurry. They
create the Battery.
     The Battery is a destructive force of energy in the form of a
colorful sphere. The sphere is 10 feet in diameter for every mage. When
the Battery soars through the air, it resembles a hammer as the sphere
develops a tail from it's movement.
     When the Battery is released, it heads straight for the victim.
The victim can be anywhere on the Prime Plane. The weak are ripped and
torn away. Any living being that is less than or equal to one hit die
is killed instantly if in the path of the Battery. If a person tends to
cower from the Battery to avoid it, the Battery will actually make a
slight change in course to crush that person. Also all deceivers and
non-believers are a favorite target for the Battery to mash and crush.
All those that are killed end up feeding the Battery. Their hit points
are added to the total damage done to the final victim of the Battery.
The further the Battery travels, the more powerful it becomes. Never
ending potency...
     The Battery can smash through any boundaries including magical
boundaries of less than 18th level. Pounding out aggression, turns into
obsession...
     Those that see the Battery are hypnotized and must make a save vs.
charm or become totally mesmerized by the battery for 1 turn equal to
the number of mages. Also, all who look upon the Battery must make an
Insanity check or be stricken with the insanity of lunacy.
     Any magic cast at the  Battery to stop it is ineffective. In fact,
all spell effects are reversed back to the caster. Lashing out the
action, returning the reaction, cannot stop the Battery. Battery is
here to stay.
     When the victim is reached the Battery releases its full power.
The Battery delivers 10 hit points of damage for every mage used in
it's casting plus 10d10 points of damage plus any points it collected
on it's route. "Battery is found in me."
     The material component of this spell is a 2-foot diameter sphere
of silver which has an approximate cost of 5,000 silvers.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                            MONSTERS OF ROCK


KTULU

Climate/Terrain: Any
Frequency: Very Rare
Organization: Solitaire
Activity Cycle: Any
Diet: Omnivore
Intelligence: Low (5)
Treasure: Nil
Alignment: Neutral
No. Appearing: 1
Armor Class: 5
Movement: 6
Hit Dice: 8
THAC0: 13
No. of Attacks: see below
Damage/Attack: 2d4
Special Attacks: Tentacles, Gibbering, Spittle
Special Defenses: Regeneration
Magic Resistance: Nil
Size: H (15')
Morale: N/A
XP Value: 5000

     Ktulu the monster is a big, disgusting, amoeboid-like blob with
five swarming tentacles. Like a Gibbering Mouther, a Ktulu has a many
mouths and eyes.
     Ktulu typically lies dormant on the bottom of lakes and oceans
waiting to summoned.
    The Ktulu can regenerate 1 hit point per round.

Combat:
     The Ktulu can attack with all five of it's tentacles per round
inflicting 2d4 points of damage per tentacle to it's victims.
     The Ktulu has a spittle attack that will blind victims for 1d4
rounds (no save). The Ktulu cannot make a spittle attack while using
its tentacles to attack.
     The Ktulu has a gibbering attack that instantly causes confusion
as the spell and if a save vs. magic is failed, the victim becomes
insane.

Habitat/Society: The Ktulu can be found anywhere but naturally it
prefers the dank, dark dungeon setting. It does very little except hunt
or scavenge for food.
     For some odd reason, the Ktulu is the target of a summoning spell.
Why this monster is the preferred monster to summon is unknown. There
are much better choices. It is as if the mage who created the spell was
a bit insane.

Ecology: The Ktulu is a big blob of gook that serves very little
purpose in the scheme of things.
     The body of a Ktulu is prized component for healing/regenerating
items or alchemy formulas.



MENTAL PARASITE INSECTOID

Climate/Terrain: Any
Frequency: Very Rare
Organization: Solitaire
Activity Cycle: Any
Diet: Emotions
Intelligence: High (18)
Treasure: Nil
Alignment: Neutral
No. Appearing: 1
Armor Class: 9
Movement: 1
Hit Dice: 1 hit points
THAC0: 10
No. of Attacks: 1
Damage/Attack: attachment
Special Attacks: See below
Special Defenses: See below
Magic Resistance: Nil
Size: T (1" long)
Morale: High
XP Value: 100

     This parasite is a small insect that attaches to a host
(preferably a sentient being). Once a good host is found, the parasite
stays with it until one of them  dies.
     Once the parasite attaches itself, it begins its control of the
host. The parasite begins injected an electrical sensation into the
host that is a wonderful sensation and very addictive. The shock
increases Strength 1d2, Constitution 1d2, Dexterity 1d2, and
Intelligence 1d2.
     The parasite also establishes a telepathic link with it host. The
parasite because a "true friend" and advisor. It's mind control
convinces the host that the parasite is the only one who cares. The
host is convinced that everybody else betrays him. The parasite becomes
the truth. He becomes the reason with the alibis. The parasite is the
only one who is there.
     The parasite can also send a multitude of emotions into the host.
It is the emotions of the host that parasite feeds off of. Whenever the
host is scared, the parasite increases the sense of fear and has a
feast. The stronger the emotion, the better the parasite feeds. Thus
emotions like fear and love are preferred. The parasite also has the
tendency to twist emotions around. When the host once loves, the
parasite changes the emotion to hate.
     The parasite can imbed special abilities to the host. The host
gains the psionic powers of All-Round Vision, Danger Sense, Feel Light,
and Feel Sound. The host may initiate each power once a day and
maintain the power for 1 hour for every experience level.
     Sleeping for the host is very pleasant as the parasite controls
the dreams of the host. The parasite always makes sure dreams are
pleasant. When asleep the parasite can remain alert and warn the host
of danger. Note that the parasite can pump the host full of dreams
while he is awake as well (a weird form of daydreaming indeed).
     The host becomes a mask, a cover, a shelter for the parasite. The
host does the deeds and the dirty work. The host gets blamed for all
that goes wrong. He is the scapegoat. He is shamed.

Combat: The parasite attacks with the purpose of attaching to a host.
It typically aims for the spinal cord as this is the best nervous
system target. After a successful attack, it takes paralysis the victim
for one round. During that round it imbeds itself inside the host at
which point it takes control so that the host doesn't try to remove it.

Habitat/Society: The parasite doesn't come into contact with others of
its kind. Its only contact is with victims. The parasites life span is
roughly 40 years. All parasites are female and can lay eggs in it's
host at the age of 20 to 30.

Ecology: The parasite's purpose in life is to use sentient life forms
as food. The parasite has a type of pet/slave relationship with it's
host. The parasite develops a give/take relationship with it's host.
The host loses a lot but gains a lot. You know its sad but true.


Ktulu - The Call of Ktulu from Ride the Lightning
Mental Parasite Insectoid - Sad But True from Metallica
-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                       MONSTERS OF ROCK FESTIVAL


     Four weeks after the summer solstice, The Rock holds a seven day
music festival. Everyday contains non-stop rock-n-roll music. Of course
one of the big performers in this annual event is Metallica.
     The festival is sponsored by Damage Incorporated. During the week
of the festival, Damage Incorporated coordinates all activities within
The Rock. A trusting, centralized, governing body in charge of all
activities of the festival was considered best for smooth operations.


                                SCHEDULE


                        First Day - Opening Day

     The first day of the festival is filled with great musical acts.
Since it is the first day of the festival, the best acts known play on
this day to get the festival off to a rocking start.

Headliner: The headliner of the night is typically Metallica or some
other mega-group.


                        Second Day - Amateur Day

     This day of the festival is marked by amateur musicians or
musicians who are considered "undiscovered". The day consists of
competition. The winner gets to play on the last day of the festival
and is asked to come back next year to headline on Amateur Day.

Headliner: The winner from last year's Amateur Day typically headlines
this night.

Other Activities:

All-Star Game - The Major League of Baseball has it's All-Star Game
during the afternoon of this day. The various youth baseball leagues
have their all-star games on this day.


                        Third Day - Original Day

     The first year of the festival was only three days long: Opening
Day, Last Day, and Middle Day. The middle day was considered one of the
best days as the main headliner was always featured on this day. Now
the festival is seven days and is filled with "theme" days, but in
remembering the past, the third day of the festival is known as
Original Day and duplicates the second day of the original festival.

Headliner: The headliner of this night is a mega rock musical group
that is currently sweeping the country. Metallica never plays this
day as they give the spotlight to other stars. Besides, they rock the
first and last days not to mention various other jam sessions, and even
gods take a day of off once in awhile.

Other Activities:

The Great Rock Beer Exposition - Before noon, the Great Rock Beer
Exposition starts. The Beer Exposition is where many brewers of beer,
mead, ale, etc. get together to for various activities. The biggest
part of the exposition is the various competitions. Festival goers love
the free samples of alcohol, although some of the new experimental
flavors aren't as loved.
     The Exposition isn't limited to major brewers. Microbrewers and
homebrewers really fill out the exhibition.
     This exposition is considered preliminary competition to the
Autumn Festival.


                        Fourth Day - Culture Day

     The fourth day is marked with culture. Musicians preform more
artistic songs. A groups musical set tends to inter-relate and tell a
story.
     Festival Patrons are required to "dress-up" for this day of class
The day caters towards the upper-class, but even those less fortunate
make attempts to be elegant on this day.

Headliner: The most popular musical act with a cultural flair headlines
on this day. Typically the act performs a rock opera.

Other Activities:

Memorial Services - The day also contains various memorial ceremonies
especially those of war.

Musical Ball - Damage Incorporated has a Musical Ball after the opera.
One of the most popular performers at the ball is Apocalyptica, a group
of four cellolists who convert rock music to a classical music tribute.
Of course, their favorite group to tribute is Metallica.



                      Fifth Day - Alternative Day

     Some music cannot be classified as pure rock and roll. On this
day, the festival goers get to hear various types of music:
     Gangsta Rap - A rhythmic chanting often in unison of usually
rhymed couplets to a musical accompaniment. The music is marked by
extreme and often deliberately offensive expressions of alienation and
social discontent often preformed by lower-class urbanites typically of
a minority race (goblinkin, dwarf).
     Country - Also known as Forest Music, this folklore music is
generated by very rural people.
     Disco - Popular dance music characterized by hypnotic rhythm,
repetitive lyrics, and magically produced sounds.
     Reggae -

Headliner: The headliner of this day embraces whatever music is popular
or the "in" sound. Alternative music tends to be trendy.


                       Sixth Day - Classical Day

     On this day musicians who are established (ten years of
popularity) have the arena. They perform their classic songs that are
still popular as well as their new  works that keep them alive.

Headliner: The end of this day usually consists of a jam fest of the
most popular musicians, new and old.


                         Seventh Day - Last Day

The last show of the night typically consists of a jam fest.

Headliner:







Alcohol and Drugs

     Alcohol is quite popular at the festival. In fact, many breweries
sponsor many parts of the festival including activities and bands. If
you like a wide selection of alcohol, then this is the place to be. In
fact, on the third day of the festival is the Beer Exposition.

     Most drugs are illegal at The Rock although such usage still takes
place. During the festival, illegal drug use is overlooked by the law
as long as the druggies don't disrupt the fun of other festival goers.
If a druggie does cause problems, he is punished above and beyond the
law.
     The Crime Syndicate controls illegal drug trafficking. The sellers
will not sell to somebody who looks like trouble even at the risk of
losing great profit. The main reason for this policy is because drug
use at the festival is greatly downplayed and any attention it draws
will hurt the festival and the syndicate. If a seller peddles drugs to
somebody who loses control, that seller suffers at the hands of the
syndicate, which isn't good.


Carnivals & Circuses

     The festival allows a few circuses and carnivals for festival
goers to have fun. The most popular amongst adults is the Howard Stern
Circus of the Weird and Perverted. The most popular amongst children is
the Barnum and Bailey Animal Circus. Both organizations have been to
the music festival every year.


Crime Syndicate

     Reid is an accomplished thief and has a large quantity of respect
from the Crime Syndicate. The Crime Syndicate provides an important
role at the festival.
     The guild manages the collection of the 25% merchant tax on all
profits that the merchant's make. This tax only applies to merchants
not local to The Rock. Why put the Crime Syndicate in charge of this?
Well, they can spy on merchants and make sure that they aren't
cheating. In the past, some merchants tried to cheat, but their plans
were thrawted. Now such problems don't exist.
     The Crime Syndicate has total rights to thieving activities during
the festival. The guild monitors non-guild thieving activities and
halts such activity. If a non-guild thief is caught, he is severely
punished. If a guild thief is caught, The Judge is bought-off and the
thief discreetly leaves town.
     The guild also provides security in a roundabout way. The guild
kept an eye out for trouble and alerts more authoritative people.
However when necessary, they will intervene when trouble arrives.
     In return, they abide by a few rules. First, they may never steal
an amount of money from festival goers as to ruin the enjoyment of the
festival. Secondly, they may not steal from merchants. The merchants
are already paying a hefty task of which the guild gets a cut.


Main Fairway

     Some land set near the arena is set aside for special merchants.
On each day of the festival, a new set of merchants are given
permission to set up shop. The merchants tend to go with the theme of
the day. For example on Classical Day, the fairway is filled with
more luxurious merchandise like expensive furs, ritzy jewelry, fancy
clothes, and other exotic wares. On Alternative Day, the fairway is
overflowing with wacky stuff like muti-colored shirts, beaded jewelry,
non-traditional art, etc..


Security

     First, normal security guards are hired to supplement the small
local law enforcement; namely the Metal Militia. The hired law is
typically of the country's military. Thus the military makes some money
for their assistance.
     Adventurers who are members of Damage Incorporated get free
admittance into the festival. In return they are asked to provide
assistance in security. They act as undercover officers.
     Finally, security is provided by the Thieves Guild (see below).


Weather

     During the festival, the weather is perfect. It seems that this is
do to clever use of money and shrewd deals.
     First, priests of the deity of weather are asked to make proper
sacrifices to ensure food weather. Of course, the festival makes a nice
"donation" to the church.
     During the festival, some druids are employed to control the
weather. The Druidic Order that provides the weather service doesn't
except monetary compensation. It exchange for their services they get
service. The festival puts money into a special charity, The
Back-To-Nature Druid Fund. The money in this fund is used throughout
the year, to clean up pollution, replenish the earth with vegetation,
care for animals, and beautify nature.
     The result is wonderful weather. Throughout the festival, the sky
is sunny with no clouds. In general, the temperature is between 70 and
90 degrees Fahrenheit. A slight cool breeze blows through most of the
time to keep people cool.  Early each morning, a nice rain shower cools
the earth. When necessary, a rain shower is called during the day to
cool the festival goers.
     Interestingly, a nice lightning show accompanies a few Metallica
songs.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


              HOLIDAYS, FESTIVALS, AND EVENTS OF THE ROCK


MEMORIAL DAY

     As mentioned in the MEMORIAL HILL section, the 30th day of the
fifth month of the year is the anniversary of the battle because it was
this day when the battle finally ended. This day is a local holiday in
which people remember and morn.


MONSTERS OF ROCK FESTIVAL

     As mentioned in the MONSTERS OF ROCK FESTIVAL section, four weeks
after the summer solstice, The Rock holds a seven day music festival.
Everyday contains non-stop rock-n-roll music. Of course one of the big
performers in this annual event is Metallica.


AUTUMN FESTIVAL

     The autumn festival is a three day event help the second week of
the 10th month of the year. The festival lasts three days.
     The main purpose of the festival is to give thanks to the year's
harvest. This is done by having large Thanksgiving banquets thanking
the various deities.
     A major component of the festival is the Alcohol Symposium. The
symposium brings together brewers, wine-makers, distillers, etc. from
around the country to celebrate there art. A big part of the Symposium
is the competition.
     For the residents of The Rock, the city has a fair. The fair
showcases the achievements of the residents such as animal raising,
vegetable growing, crafts, and cooking. Of course, a friendly
competition is involved.



WINTERFEST

     The winterfest is a small three day festival in the middle of
winter. It's a time to celebrate winter and a time to appreciate
friends and family. A popular part of Winterfest is to exchange gifts
with friends and relatives.
     The first day of Winterfest is the Winterfest Ice Rock Concert
with a great rock group performing in the arena. One of the cool parts
of the concert is that huge bonfires are built throughout the arena and
the town for that matter.
     The second day of Winterfest is the Winterfest Ball. A glamourous
affair that the whole town enjoys.
     The last day of Winterfest is spent by the individual families.
During this day, a family typically has a nice feast. The children are
given presents.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               FOOTNOTES


     Reid Razorback and Scott Bosco are presented here as everyday
Metallica fans. A GM may add himself and his friends in place of these
two characters.

     Dr. Johnny Fever was originally a fictional character on the
television show "WKRP". The name is used here in homage to the show.


     The story on the creation of baseball and more particularly the
field was of course derived from the movie The Field of Dreams.

     Albus Ater Ante Magicus Metallum - A portal to the Positive
Material Plane and a portal to the Negative Material Plane come in
contact with one another on The Prime Material Plane for an a minute
instant. This confrontation causes a massive explosion which will harm
every living thing within 100 feet (100 -1d20 for every 10 feet away
from the center of the explosion Hit Points of Damage). Furthermore,
anybody within 200 feet of the explosion and not properly shielded will
be permanently blinded by the strange mixture of intense light and
intense darkness.
     The residue from this strange occurrence is a bizarre metal. The
sages and scholarly mages refer to this metal as Albus Ater Ante
Magicus Metallum. Common folk prefer the terms A.M. or Threatom. The
metal has only been found deep within the earth. The portal collisions
may take place elsewhere but all evidence (i.e. residue) so far shows
that it is limited to the earth (possibly some strange link to the
Elemental Plane of Earth, but there is no evidence of this). The amount
of the metal found is usually around one ton.
     The metal is unique in that it is the only metal known to change
colors naturally (if it is accepted that the metal is created
naturally). At completely random intervals it will change from pure
white to pure black immediately. Note that each separate piece of the
metal will act independently on its color transformation.
     The best (or worst) quality of the metal is its uncanny ability of
anti-magic; in essence it totally neutralizes and negates magic it
comes in contact with. First, it removes spells and spell-like effects
(including device effects, innate abilities, and  mages' memorized
spells) from creatures or objects comes in direct contact with the
metal (i.e. not through clothing, armor, etc.). Second, it disrupts the
casting or use of these magical abilities if in direct contact with the
person attempting to use the abilities (i.e. mages' and clerics' spells
that are being cast would fail). Third, it destroys all magical items
that don't make a saving throw vs. disintegration for each round it is
in contact with the ability. When an item is destroyed, everybody
within a 50 feet radius must make a saving throw vs. paralyzation or
become blind for 1d6 turns. As anybody could see, this could be a very
dangerous substance indeed.
     The metal can be forged into items by an extremely good blacksmith
or weaponsmith (must have a minimum of 2 slots in the proper non-weapon
skill). The metal's melting point is at 2000 degrees Fahrenheit, but in
other aspects it is very similar to iron. The time to forge items from
this metal is quadruple the amount for normal metals.
     (GMs should be careful in introducing such a substance in his
campaign. Some players may take advantage of such an item and overlook
the dangers of using it.)

     Never Never Land is the Plane of Dreams and any demiplanes there
of including the Demiplane of Nightmares. For GMs who have not
developed such a plane here is a recommendation. Many cartoon RPGs
exist today. A cartoon world is an ideal setting for a dream world. In
a cartoon world many odd things happen and as most people know dreams
are just as wacky.

     Crime Syndicate - Most game worlds have a Thieves Guild but
technically this title is misleading as most Thieves Guild do more than
just steal.  Crime Syndicate is used here and is broken down into the
following branches: Theft, Extortion, Counterfeiting, Spying, Illegal
Merchandising (Contraband, Drugs, Slaves), Assassination, Begging.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
