                   ============================
                   Results: Dragonlance Ratings
                   ============================
                
          Compiled by: brooks@odie.ee.wits.ac.za (Goth)

[Note: This file is one section of the ratings posted on December 22, 1994 
to rec.games.frp.dnd; it is included in order to make the publically 
available ratings as complete as possible.]

                          ==============
                          Points Ratings
                          ==============

In order for a product to appear on the points rating table, it must
have at least five votes. Products are listed in points order, from
highest to lowest.

     /-------------------------------------------------------\
     |                        - Key -                        |
     |                                                       |
     |  Score = the product's average rating                 |
     |  Low = the lowest rating anyone gave this product     |
     |  High = the highest rating anyone gave this product   |
     |  Voters = the number of people who rated the product  |
     \-------------------------------------------------------/

Product                                     Score  Low  High  Voters
-------                                     -----  ---  ----  ------
Dragonlance Adventures                       7.6    6    10      8
MC4: Dragonlance                             7.1    5    10      7
Atlas of the Dragonlance World               6.8    4    10      6
Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home         6.1    2    10      7
Tales of the Lance                           5.3    2     9     17

                             ========
                             Comments
                             ========

This next bit is a selection of comments people have sent in. I've
removed some remarks which were very similar, especially for products
which provoked large quantities of comment and I've done some minor
editing for grammar and spelling. Other than that, this is how they
were sent in.

Comments
--------
I stay away from settings based on books. Who wants to play the hero
when the story has already been written, and who wants to play
someone who isn't the hero? Linear plot-lines for the original
modules makes for watered down roleplaying (IMHO).

The original hardcover is still one of my favourite AD&D books. Good
mix of background, new classes, and magic items.  I think it's still
the only Dragonlance supplement to actually sticks to the books,
which is where I got started in RPGs way back when.

Dragonlance is weird. :)

Dragonlance has never been my setting of choice. I take things from
it, but I never liked the world.  The Atlas and the Trail Map are
nice, but completely extraneous.

I _love_ Dragonlance, but the Tales of the Lance boxed set, like most
of the stuff since the original novels and 14-module set, left me
kinda cold. There are too many continuity flaws, too many
"convenient" weapons and the like (i.e. the minotaurs have suddenly
become martial artists), the "commoner" character class is
ridiculous, and the character cards are useless. I, for one, don't
want Caramon's stats when he was a teenager. I'd rather see a reprint
of the character sheets from Dragons of Mystery, along with new
sheets for Derek, Aaron, Serinda, Kronn, and other PCs (and even
NPCs).

I still can't figure out how to use the Taliz cards in the Tales of
the Lance boxed set or run their adventures. Why didn't they just
throw in a few regular low level introductory adventures? Still, I
liked the cards of Laurana & Sturm and Lord Soth's Charge.

"Leaves" was nice only because it showed a less epic nature of the 
setting. The Players' Guide sucks because for $20, it's only a
repackaged version of the boxed set's book.

I liked the DL Hardcover! It had good details on the classes, races,
magic, and gods unique to Krynn. The only odd thing about it was the
layout, which was sorta haphazardly split into pre- and post-
cataclysm.

Dragonlance is one of the most balanced and well thought out
campaigns I have seen.

                              =======
                              The End
                              =======

