-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                      THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO SANITY

                     FOR FANTASY ROLE-PLAYING GAMES

----------------------------------------------------------------------

      This guide should not be used by anyone that the GM feels is
   either to young, to immature, or not a good enough role-player to
                   handle the topics presented here.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

                           COPYRIGHT (C) 1996

     All trademarks of products, company names, logos, phrases, service
names, and/or slogans are trademarks of the respective companies,
artists, and/or individuals, where applicable.

     The following guide is the property of its authors, who hereby
states that they retain the copyright except for where noted. You may
distribute it at will, provided that nothing in the guide, this notice,
or any of the credits are altered in any way; and that you do not make
a profit from it.

     This document is not for sale and is made available for private
game use only.

                           *** DISCLAIMER ***

     All contents of this guide are presented for game purposes only.
Advice oriented information is not to be taken as legal consultation or
legal service, but as suggestions and examples of real-world or
hypothetical models. Always consult a lawyer for legal and lawful
guidance. The opinions and views contained in this guide reflect those
of the individual authors. The opinions, content, and organization of
this document are in no way connected with the faculty and staff of any
educational institute where this guide was found.
     Information presented here is not clinically correct. It is
designed to conform to game terms and situations. The information is to
fill an area of the game where a condition exists and no adequate
explanation is otherwise given.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


SANITY ATTRIBUTE
SANITY ATTRIBUTE CHECK
INSANITIES
PHOBIAS
SO YOUR INSANE
MAGE SPELLS
PRIEST SPELLS
VECORS
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS
INSANE ASYLUM
MAGIC ITEMS
SPECIAL THANKS

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                            SANITY ATTRIBUTE


                  "Mental Health will drive you mad."


     Long has it been that man values nothing more than his health,
and the health of no organ is more important than that of the brain.
What lurks in the minds of men and contorts them into who they?
     Lower attributes typically have hindrances, but a character
doesn't suffer to much and in fact gets by quite nicely. With the
Sanity attribute, life isn't so easy. When the Sanity attribute is low,
the character can quite easily become insane and insanity is awful.
     A GM can give the players something to really fear. Most players
are very happy with their characters. Many players feel that their
characters are close to invulnerable as the characters advance in
experience levels and in most incidences they are. With this attribute,
the GM can give the character fighting chance on sanity, or go wacky.
     Sanity (San) represents mental health. Sanity is not pertinent to
any class but is beneficial to all.
     As with all attribute scores, roll 3d6 to get this attribute
score.


Attribute Base Insan.  # of    Magical  Wild Talent   PSP Ability
 Score       Points   Phobias Def. Adj. Adjustment    Modifier
   1           4        10      +7/-7       -5%           -5
   2           8         9      +6/-6       -4%           -4
   3          12         8      +5/-5       -3%           -3
   4          16         7      +4/-4       -2%           -2
   5          20         7      +3/-3       -1%           -1
   6          24         6      +2/-2        0%            0
   7          26         6      +1/-1        0%            0
   8          30         5       0/0         0%            0
   9          34         5       0/0         0%            0
  10          38         4       0/0         0%            0
  11          42         4       0/0         0%            0
  12          48         3       0/0         0%            0
  13          52         3       0/0         0%            0
  14          56         2      -1/+1        0%            0
  15          60         2      -2/+2        0%            0
  16          64         1      -3/+3       +1%           +1
  17          68         1      -4/+4       +2%           +2
  18          72         0      -5/+5       +3%           +3
  19          76         0      +1/+5       +4%           +4
  20          80         0      +2/+6       +5%           +5
  21          84         0      +3/+6       +6%           +6
  22          88         0      +4/+7       +7%           +7
  23          92         0      +5/+7       +8%           +8
  24          96         0      +6/+8       +9%           +9
  25         100         0      +7/+8      +10%          +10


                          BASE INSANITY POINTS

     This is the base insanity points the character starts out with.
Whenever a character recovers from an insanity, this is what his
insanity points will revert to.


                       MAGICAL DEFENSE ADJUSTMENT

     These adjustments applies to saving throws against magical spells
that attack the mind: charm, fear, illusions, suggestion, mind-reading,
etc.. These bonuses and penalties are applied automatically, without
any conscious effort from the character.
     The number to the left of the slash is the bonus or penalty for
spells that try to change the mind such as charm, fear, suggestion,
etc.. So why is there a bonus for low sanity, a penalty for sanity up
to 18, but a bonus for sanity over 18. Mind "changing" spells have
trouble affecting a mind warped with insanity proably because the magic
is geared at normal minds. A sane mind tends to be an easier target for
these spells. Sanity over 18 is typically reserved for beings on the
diety level and so they recieve sane benefits to reflect such status.
     The number to the right of the slash is the bonus or penalty for
illusionary spells. So why is there a penalty for low sanity and a
bonus for high sainty. A sane mind tends to rationalize illusions as
impossible, while an insane mind tends to believe in them a lot easier.



                         WILD TALENT ADJUSTMENT

     When a character tests for a wild psionic talent, add this
modifier to his base chance for having a talent.


                          PSP ABILITY MODIFIER

     For a character with psionic power, add this modifier to his base
PSP score.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                          SANITY ATTRIBUTE CHECK


     GMs must decide which situations require a Sanity check. The GM
should determine if a character would be so mortified by a situation
that it tests his sanity. If so, the player must make a Sanity
attribute check.
     Culture and upbringing may determine which scenes can terrify a
character into insanity. For example, an inexperienced character may go
crazy on his first encounter with a lich while an experienced undead
hunter will not. Some unnatural, horrific scenes that may do it to a
character are a rotting pile of body parts crawling with worms and
flies; twisted, perverted creatures such as powerful undead; or
terrible evil beings from the Lower Planes.
     Dramatic events could also make a character a little crazier. The
death of a comrade or loved-one is definitely dramatic. Being
resurrected is one of the most dramatic experiences a person can go
through and the GM should always require a check when this happens.
     If the character makes the check, then he has survived a sanity-
testing experience and gets the difference of his Sanity attribute from
the die roll added to his current Insanity Points. For example, Rock
has a Sanity attribute of 15.  The GM requires a Sanity check. The
player rolls a 5 thus making the check.  He adds 10 (the difference) to
his current Insanity Points.
     If the character fails the check, then he comes that much closer
to insanity and gets the difference of his Sanity attribute from the
die roll subtracted from his current Insanity Points. For example, Rock
has a Sanity attribute of 15. The GM requires a Sanity check. The
player rolls a 19 thus failing the check. He subtracts 4 (the
difference) from his current Insanity Points.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                               INSANITIES


     Whenever a character's Insanity Points equals 0. He goes insane.
The player must make a Sanity ability check. Failure indicates that the
insanity is permanent (until cured). Success indicates that the
insanity is temporary. Roll on the Insanity table.
     Insanities can add spice and excitement to the game or they can
totally throw it out of balance. The GM should consider the disorder
and its effects on the game (not just game continuity or balance, but
the player whose character will be affected).
     Realize that not all people suffer in the same degree. For example
two people with the exact same phobia will have the phobia to varying
degrees.
     The first attempts at explaining abnormal behavior was demonology.
This is, abnormal behavior was caused by demon possession or evil
spirits. Treatment was often by spells, incantations, potions, and
psycho-surgery. A more scientific/medical model was introduced by
Hippocrates (460-377 B.C.). His focus was on physical causes; namely
excess of bodily fluids which he called "humors". Treatment was to
drain the excess fluids by bleeding, vomiting, dieting, and holistic
medicine. In the Middle Ages there was a return to demonology with the
rise in the importance of religion in society. However, there was the
first attempt at "humanitarian" treatment: insane asylums. They were
far from humanitarian, but it was a start. The next advancement didn't
occur until the 1700-1800s.


TABLE: INSANITY (1d10)

     01   ANXIETY DISORDERS (1d8)
     02   COGNITIVE-IMPAIRMENT DISORDERS (1d10)
     03   DISSOCIATIVE DISORDERS (1d6)
     04   PERSONALITY DISORDERS (1d8)
     05   PSYCHOTIC DISORDERS (1d20)
     06   SELF CONTROL DISORDERS (1d10)
     07   SEXUAL DISORDER (1d20)
     08   SLEEP DISORDERS (1d8)
     09   SOMATOFORM DISORDERS (1d4)


TABLE: ANXIETY DISORDERS (1d8)

     01   Generalized Anxiety
     02   Nervous Breakdown
     03   Obsession
     04   Obsessive-Compulsive
     05   Panic Disorder
     06   Paranoia
     07   Phobia
     08   Post Traumatic Stress


TABLE: COGNITIVE-IMPAIRMENT DISORDERS (1d10)

     01   Amnestic Disorder
     02   Catatonia
     03   Delirium
     04   Homicidal Mania
     05   Lunancy
     06   Mania
     07   Manic-Depressive Disorder
     08   Melancholia
     09   Suicidal Mania


TABLE: DISSOCIATIVE DISORDERS (1d6)

     01   Hebephrenia
     02   Multiple Personality / Split Personality
     03   Schizophrenia
     04   Psychogenic Amnesia
     05   Psychogenic Fugue


TABLE: PERSONALITY DISORDERS (1d8)

     01   Avoidant Personality Disorder
     02   Dementia Praecox
     03   Dependent Personality Disorder
     04   Histrionic Personality Disorder
     05   Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder
     06   Paranoid Personality Disorder
     07   Passive-Aggressive Personality Disorder


TABLE: PSYCHOTIC DISORDERS (1d20)

     01   Alignment Change
     02   Delusion Control
     03   Delusion Granduer
     04   Delusion Infidelity
     05   Delusion Nihilism
     06   Delusion Persecution
     07   Delusion Poverty
     08   Delusion Reference
     09   Delusion Self-Blame
     10   Delusion Somatic
     11   Delusion Thought Broadcasting
     12   Delusion Thought Insertion
     13   Delusion Thought Withdrawal
     14   Induced Psychotic Disorder
     15   Hallucinatory Disoder
     16   Megalomania


TABLE: SELF CONTROL DISORDERS (1d10)

     01   Dipsomania
     02   Kleptomania
     03   Monomania
     04   Pyromania
     05   Pathological Gambling
     06   Pathological Liar
     07   Sado-Masochism
     08   Trichotillomania
     09   Intermittent Explosive Disorder


TABLE: SEXUAL DISORDER (1d20)

     01   Bitchamania
     02   Coprophilia
     03   Exhibitionism
     04   Fetishism
     05   Foulmouthia
     06   Geroniophilla
     07   Innecrophilia
     08   Masochism
     09   Mirusmania
     10   Necrophilia
     11   Nymphomania
     12   Pedophilia
     13   Periculuphilia
     14   Pigmalionism
     15   Sadism
     16   Unus-????mania
     17   Uridpsomania
     18   Voyeurism
     19   Zoophilia


TABLE: SLEEP DISORDERS (1d8)

     01   Dream Anxiety
     02   Disorder
     03   Hypersomnia
     04   Insomnia
     05   Sleep-Schedule Disorder
     06   Sleep Terror Disorder
     07   Sleepwalking Disorder


TABLE: SOMATOFORM DISORDERS (1d4)

     01   Hysterical Neurosis / Conversion Disorder
     02   Body Dysmorphic Disorder
     03   Hypocondriasis


                           ANXIETY DISORDERS


Generalized Anxiety - The character with this disorder worries about
minor problems, and tend to magnify the extent of problems and are
often pessimistic.

Nervous Breakdown - The character has a nervous breakdown. He is not
"dangerous", he just needs a nice quiet place to spend some time. For
humans the time needed to recuperate is typically a few months. For
long-lived races like elves and dwarves the time needed to recuperate
is typically a few years. The GM decides the time period need for
recuperation.

Obsession - The character becomes obsessed to a person, place or thing.
The obsession becomes his life and it totally consumes him to the point
where he ostricises his friends and family, spends all his wealth on
his obsession, etc..

Obsessive-Compulsive - The character suffering from this disorder
experiences recurrent obsessions and compulsions that a causes distress
(anxiety), occupies much of his time which interferes with normal
functioning. A compulsion is a behavior repeated in a ritualistic
manner often in response to an obsession. An obsession is a persistent
thought, idea, impulse, or image that causes distress and feels out of
the person's control. The following is a list of the common compulsions
and their related obsessions:
     1) Hand washing - The obsession is fear that germs are everywhere.
     2) Checkers - They are obsessed with being sure they did
everything necessary before leaving. A person may be three hours late
for an appointment because they checked and rechecked over and over.
     3) Rigid behavior patterns - These people will have such behavior
patterns as: always putting the left boot on before the right, or put
the shirt on before the pants in order for it to be right.
     4) Counting - These people are obsessed with counting. Taking the
same amount of steps with the left foot as the right foot, counting
buttons on people's shirts, et cetera.
     5) Cleaning - These people feel that "it's never clean enough."
They are obsessed with cleaning. They are similar to checkers in many
ways (see 2).
     Depression, avoidance behavior, and substance abuse is sometimes
seen in these people for obvious reasons. This disorder is often among
people in the upper socio-economic status. The course is chronic, not
acute.
     This differs from the personality disorder of the same name
because in the personality disorder you do not find the ritualistic
behavior or the anxiety and distress that these people with the anxiety
disorder experience (cf. Obsessive-Compulsive Personality Disorder).

Panic Disorder -The characteristic most prominent of this disorder is a
panic attack. A panic attack includes intense fear and physical
discomfort, fearful thoughts, many bodily sensations, and a fear of
losing control. Another characteristic of this disorder is anticipatory
anxiety (fear of fear), that is, they engage in avoidance behavior
because they are not sure when they'll have their next panic attack.

Paranoia - The character becomes convinced that "they" are plotting
against him, spying, listening, and always nearby. As the affliction
develops over several days, the character will become convinced that
everybody around is part of the plot. Conversations are about him,
laughter is directed at him, and every action of former friends is
aimed at deluding him so as to fulfill the "plot". The character will
be principally concerned about position or goods first, but as the
insanity advances, he will realize that the plotters are actually after
his life. The paranoid will evidence signs of increasing suspicion and
take elaborate precautions with security. In the later stages of the
insanity, he will have highly irrational behavior, hire assassins to do
away with "plotters", and even become homicidal in order to "protect"
his life. The character will trust no one when the affliction has
advanced, regarding their former close comrades and friends as their
worst enemies.

Phobia - Many a time will a character come upon something so strange or
gruesome that it will shock the mind itself. A phobia is an intense,
abnormal, or illogical fear of something. See the Phobia section to
determine what phobia the character gains.
     An example of how a phobia can severely disrupt a person's life; a
person has a phobia of snakes. He will not walk by bushes for fear that
snake is hiding inside, he will not walk under trees because snakes
have been known to live in trees, he will not sit down to go to the
bathroom (who knows what kind of serpent is down in that hole), etc..

Post Traumatic Stress - This is generally defined at a reaction and
re-experiencing of a traumatic event with symptoms of anxiety and
depression. What is a traumatic event? An event that would evoke
significant symptoms of distress in almost everyone; usually outside
the range of normal experience (although most of an adventurer's life
fits into this category). There are five symptoms which point to this
insanity:
     1) Traumatic event outside range of normal experience (rape,
floods, combat).
     2) Traumatic event persistently re-experienced in any of the
following ways: distressing recollections of event; recurrent
distressing dreams; feeling that event is happening again (flashback);
intense distress at exposure to events that resemble some aspect of the
trauma.
     3)  Persistent avoidance of stimuli associated with the trauma or
"numbing" of general responsiveness. Avoiding thoughts and feelings
about the event, or avoiding things that would remind the victim of the
trauma. For example, if Rock's friends were decimated in a dragon fight
and he barely escaped with his life, Rock may be apprehensive about
petting his pet lizard (he might kill the poor beast as a result of the
trauma). "Numbing" refers to the inability to recall some aspect of the
trauma, restricted range of emotional expression. Perhaps Rock can't
quite remember how one of his arms got ripped off, he just knows that
one minute he had it, and the next thing he knew he didn't have it.
     4) Increased arousal/activity. Things such as insomnia, difficulty
concentrating, easily startles, increased aggressiveness or
irritability.
     5) Symptoms present for at least a month.


                     COGNITIVE-IMPAIRMENT DISORDERS


Amnestic Disorder -  Psychogenic amnesia is caused by psychological
reasons. Amnestic disorder is caused by a biological reason. There are
two forms of this disorder: retrograde amnesia (characterized by memory
loss of events prior to the problem that caused the amnesia), and
anterograde (characterized by inability to learn or remember events
taking place after the event). The problem is chronic and the person is
unlikely ever to recover.
     It is up to the individual GM to dictate if any experience levels
are lost due to amnesia. Some players may find this hard to take, so
GMs should be very careful in implementing level loss. If the GM does
so, it is suggested that the character lose only one level.
     Another problem, unfortunately, is that character who suffers from
anterograde amnesia cannot advance in level or learn new skills.

Catatonia - Whe character completely withdraws from reality. He will
sit staring and unmoving, will not react to any outside stimuli, and
will eventually die of dehydration if left alone. The catatonic
icharacter can be moved, led around, fed, and so forth; but he will do
nothing personally. If continually provoke and irrated in order to get
a response, there is a 1% cumulative chance per round that the
character will react with homicidal mania (see insanity). Once
provaction ceases, the catationa returns.

Delirium -  This disorder involves a temporary state in which a
person's thoughts, level of consciousness, speech, memory, orientation,
perceptions, and motor patterns are very confused, unstable, or
otherwise grossly disturbed. The person may also experience delusions
and/or hallucinations, as well as emotional disturbances (anxiety,
euphoria, etc.). Delirium is caused by a change in brain metabolism.
This can be caused by brain damage from head injury, drugs, fever, and
others. It has a quick onset and a brief duration, usually and it
rarely lasts longer than a month because the person either naturally
recovers, or dies from the underlying physical condition. GMs should be
very careful in killing off a character with this insanity.

Homicidal Mania - The character appears absolutely normal. He will
behave with what seems to be complete rationality, and nothing unusual
will be noted regarding the individual - except he will occasionally
manifest an unique interest in weapons, poisons, or other lethal
devices (but for adventurers this may seem normal). The insanity causes
the character to be obsessed with the desire to kill. The desire must
be fulfilled periodically. Once a week the character must make a
successful Insanity check or go kill. If prevented from killing, the
frustrated individual will become uncontrollably maniacal and attack
the first person he encounters, widely seeking to slay. After a kill,
the character will fall into a fit of melancholia (see insanity) for
1d6 days before returning to a homicidal state once again.

Lunacy - The violent and often homicidal state occurs whenever the moon
is full, or nearly full. The GM may allow the character to make a
Sanity check on full moon nights to keep from flipping out. The
character will generally behave as one in a maniacal state, with
paranoid, hallucinatory, or homicidal tendencies. When the moon is
absent or in its first or last quarters, the character will be
melancholic. At other times, he will be relatively normal - perhaps a
bit suspicious and irascible.

Mania - The character must make a Sanity check everyday. If he fails
then he freaks for 2d6 turns. The character (roll 1d6) will become
hysterical (1-2), enraged (3-4) or completely maniacal (5-6). The
character will shriek, rave, and behave in a violent manner. His
strength will increase by 2d2, dexterity by 1d2, and constitution by
1d2. The maniac is unreasoning when spoken to, but he will posses great
cunning. The afflicted will desire to avoid or to do something
according, but not necessarily appropriate, to the situation at hand.
When the maniacal state passes, the afflicted will not remember his
insane actions and will not believe that he is insane.

Manic-Depressive Disorder - This alternating insanity form causes the
afflicted to swing from one state to the other in 1 to 4 day intervals.
When excited, the character must make a Sanity check. If he fails, he
becomes maniacal (see mania insanity). When disssapointed or frustated
the character must make a Sanity check. If he fails, he becomes
melanchlic (see melancholia insanity). Thus in addition to the usualy
1-4 day cycle of mainta-depression, he can jump from one state to the
other depending on outside stimuli.

Melancholia - Similiar to dementia praecox, this malaody makes the
afflicted giveen to black moods, fits of brooding, and feelings of
hopelessness.. Everytime a siutation presents itself, the character
must make a Sanity check or have a fit of melancholia.

Suicidal Mania - The character has overwhelming urges to destroy
himself whenever means are presented - a perilous situation, a weapon,
or anything else. The more dangerous the situation or item, the more
likely the individual is to react self-destructively. Use a scale of
10% to 80% probability, and if the afflicted does not react suicidally,
then he will become melancholic for 1d6 days. If he is frustrated in
suicidal attempts, then the character will become maniacal for 2d4
turns, and then fall into melancholy for 2d6 days.


                         DISSOCIATIVE DISORDERS


Hebephrenia - The character will withdrawl from the real world. He will
wander aimlessly, talk to himself, giggle and nutter, and act
childishly - sometimes even reverting toi such a state as to disire to
play childish games with others. This insanity is constant, but if
suffciently irriated by somebodu nearby, the character is 75% likely to
become enraged and maniacal, attackibng the offender fiercly. If the
character does not not become so enraged, he will become catatonic for
1d6 hours and then revert to hebephernic behavior once again.

Multiple Personality / Split Personality - Having multiple
personalities is considered to be a mental illness which shows itself
with the different attitudes of the person. This is especially
dangerous to the balance of a game. Careful consideration is required
on the GM's part. This insanity often manifests itself in mages and
psionics, when mental strain is part of everyday life.
     Also this sanity manifests itself in a person who experiences
severe and protracted trauma. During the experience the person
dissociates during the trauma (like self-hypnosis, escape mentally if
you can't escape physically). Now during this period of dissociation
period an alter steps in and develops a memory -personality. For
example, if Rock was captured during a raid and was tortured daily,
when the torturer walks into to give Rock his daily beating, Rock
disassociates and an alter steps in. It must also be noted that people
with this illness can function perfectly normal in society or it can
totally hinder their ability to function properly in society.
     "Host" or "core" refers to the real person, there is only one host
personality. "Alter" refers to all other personalities present. There
are two common personality types: the victim (the personalities of an
abused person), the protector (the personalities keeps the host from
acting on self-damaging behavior).
     The number of personalities the character depends of on the
severity of what causes the insanity to manifest itself. If the cause
was relatively mild, the character only gets one or two additional
personalities. For very harsh, traumatic experiences, the character
gains multiple personalities. A character can have no more than seven
additional personalities.
     A personality takes complete control over the person's behavior.
Therefore, only one personality can be in control at one time.
Switching personalities can happen at completely random intervals.
However, being in tense situations (like combat) can trigger a change
to another personality. When a GM deems that the character is in such a
situation, the character must make a Sanity check or switch to another
personality.
     The transition from personality to personality is subtle and
quick. Physical clues of transition are fluttering eye lids, eyes roll
up in head, and/or a small head jerk (like a flinch when startled or
suddenly coming out of a doze).
     A new personality can actually be of a different class and have
different ability scores. For example, an insane fighter can enter
combat, switch personalities, and begin casting spells because he now
is a mage. On the same token, he could believe he is just a 10 year old
girl (with an Intelligence to match).
     Another personality that may develop is one that already exists.
That is, a personality of somebody else such as an adventuring comrade,
a high official, etc..
     The GM should develop tables for a player to roll on to find out
which personality is currently active. The GM may want to make certain
personalities more popular than others.
     Co-consciousness is the phenomenon that allows the personalities
to talk to each other.  However not all personalities may be known of,
this explains some of the bouts of amnesia that people with this
insanity often report. After every personality switch, the character
has a percentage chance equal to his Intelligence of becoming aware of
one of the other personalities. When personalities meet (i.e. in the
mind), the character becomes paralyzed for 1d6 hours, while both sides
are trying to take control of his mind.
     The following list of symptoms are often found this insanity:
depression, substance abuse, sleep disturbances, somatoform disorders,
severe headaches, suicidal/self-mutalative, anxiety, intrusive
images/flashbacks, amnesia/blank spells, auditory hallucinations.

Psychogenic Amnesia - The individual is unable to remember important
facts of personal importance (details and experiences). There are three
types of psychogenic amnesia:
     1) Localized amnesia (the most common) - The individual forgets
all events during a specified time interval. This period usually
follows a distressing event.
     2) Selective amnesia - A survivor of a flood may remember going to
the hospital but not how he got there.
     3) Continuous amnesia - The person can't remember anything from a
certain date to the present. For example, a war veteran may remember
his childhood up to the point of going into the service, but has
forgotten everything that has taken place after that.

Psychogenic Fugue - The person becomes confused about personal
identity, and suddenly and unexpectedly travels to another place. The
person may assume another identity. Once the fugue has passed the
person can't recall what happened during the fugue. This is rare and
often passes quickly.
     A variation could be that the character never recovers from the
fugue and travels to a far off land only to join a certain party of
characters. This could easily explain why the oriental is travelling
with the Westerners.

Schizophrenia - This insanity manifests its effects in a personality
loss. The afflicted has no personality of his own, so he will select a
role model and make every attempt possible to become like that
character. Selection will based upon as different a person as possible
with regard to the insane character. Thus an insane mage will begin to
follow the habits of a fighter, for example, dressing and speaking like
that character and seeking to be like him in all ways.


                         PERSONALITY DISORDERS


Avoidant Personality Disorder -  The character with avoidant
personality disorder refrains almost entirely from social encounters.
He feels if he goes out he'll cause some catastrophic situation. He
desires no relationships. He likes to be alone.

Dementia Praecox - The afflicted character will be quite uninterested
in any undertaking when suffering from this form of madness. Nothing
will seem worthwhile, and the individual will be continually filled
with lassitude and a tremendous feeling of ennui. No matter how
important the situation if the character fails a Sanity check, he is
will choose to ignore it as meaningless to him.

Dependent Personality Disorder - The character is strongly attracted to
others. He feels like he can't make the most simple decisions without
others help. For example, Rock doesn't believe he can pick his clothes
for the day without his mother's opinion.

Histrionic Personality Disorder - The character shows extreme emotions
for the sole purpose of the effects it has on others and not expression
of feelings. He also expects others to fulfill his expectations, but
he has no concern for others. He resents people who are more beautiful,
successful, etc.. The term comes from the Greek legend of Narcissus,
who fell in love with his own reflection in the pond.

Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder - The character is not like the
obsessive-compulsive anxiety disorder, this character is a
perfectionist. He concerns himself with schedules and is very
methodical. For example, Rock will refuse to start a meeting until the
exact second it was scheduled to meet.

Paranoid Personality Disorder - The character with this insanity is
extremely suspicious and is always on guard against danger. It is
impossible for him to trust others, and he always project blame on
others.

Passive-Aggressive Personality Disorder - The character cannot express
his anger appropriately. He is either conniving or very outward. Either
way he expresses his anger in very spiteful ways.


                          PSYCHOTIC DISORDERS


Alignment Change - The character suffers a major alignment change.  The
GM can decided what the character's alignment becomes. Chaotic Neutral
is typical of an insane person however a GM may wish the alignment to
be completely opposite of the character's original alignment.

Delusion Control - The character has the feeling that one is being
controlled by others, or even by machines or appliances.

Delusion Granduer - The character has grossly exaggerated conception of
the individual's importance. He is convince that he is a famous figure
such as a monarch, deity, or similiar personage. Those who "fail" to
recognize the afflicted as such will incur great hostility. In normal
affairs, the character will seem quite sane, but he will act approrate
to a station which he does not actually have and tend to order arounf
actual and imagenery creatures, drawe upon monies and items which do
not exist, and so on.

Delusion Infidelity - The character has a false belief usually
associated with pathological jealousy. The belief that spouse or lover
is unfaithful with no reason or evidence.

Delusion Nihilism - The character has the feeling that one's self,
others, or the world is nonexistent. Commonly feelings of unreality or
the feeling that one is in a dream.

Delusion Persecution - The character has the belief that another person
or persons are trying to inflict harm on the individual or his family.

Delusion Poverty - The character has the belief that the he has no
material possessions of value. When confronted with the real value he
may say that it's not his or insist on its worthlessness.

Delusion Reference - The character has the belief that the actions of
others is somehow personal references to him. For example, the nobleman
goes to opera and believes the opera is telling the story of his life.

Delusion Self-Blame - The character has the feelings of remorse without
justification. For example, a man may feel responsible for a famine
because of some sin he committed.

Delusion Somatic - These delusions are much more psychotic than the
somatoforms to be discussed! Inappropriate concerns about one's own
body typically relating to some disease. Without justification a person
may feel his liver is missing, or ants have invaded his brain.

Delusion Thought Broadcasting - The character has the ideas that his
thoughts are being broadcast to others. For example, a man believes
everyone in the room can hear what he's thinking.

Delusion Thought Insertion - The character has the belief that thoughts
are being inserted into his mind by outside forces.

Delusion Thought Withdrawal - The character has the belief that
thoughts are being extracted from his mind.

Hallucinatory Disorder - The character sees, hears, aqnd otherwise
senses things which do not exist. The more exciteding or stressful the
siutation, the more likely the indivudual is to hallucinate. When in
such a situation, the character must make a succsfdul Sanity check or
halluncinate. Commion halluinations are: ordinary objects, which do not
exist, people nrearby or passing when there are none, voices giving the
character information ot insttructions, abilities or form which the
character does not really have (strength, sex, wings, etc.),
threatening creatures appearing from nowhere, etc.. Unless stimulated
or under stress, the character acts normal. Hallunicnations will then
commence and continue for 1d20 turns after the excitment/sstress
passes.
     This malody is often confused with some great ability to see into
the ethereal plane.

Induced Psychotic Disorder - A person develops the disorder by being in
close relationship to a psychotic person. That means if the character
knows someone who is psychotic, chances are he'll develop that same
psychosis.

Megalomania - With this insanity, the insane character will be
absolutely convinced that he is the best at everything: the smartest,
wisest, strongest, fastest, handsomest, and most powerful character of
his profession. The character will take immediate umbrage at any
suggestion to the contrary, and he will demand the right to lead,
perform any important act, make all decisions, etc..



                         SELF CONTROL DISORDERS


Dipsomania - This mild insanity form manifests itself periodically.
About once per week, or whenever near large quantities of alcoholic
beverages, the afflicted will begin drinking excessive quantities of
ale, beer, wine, or like spirituous liquors.  The player questions the
GMs decision, the GM should require an Sanity check.  Such drinking
will continue until the character passes out. It is 50% likely that the
dipsomania will continue when he/she awakens if anywhere near alcohol,
10% likely otherwise (in which case the individual will seek to find
drink and become violent if denied).

Kleptomania - This mild insanity manifests itesslef in an ardent diser,
in this case an uncontrollable urge to steal ant small objects
avaiable. Kleptomaniacs steal things not on a whim or out of economic
need, but persistent urges to steal. The targets can be the market,
work, or people. It is not the value of the object that matters. There
is usually a lack of interest in the stolen item after its stolen. Once
a day, the character must make a Sanity check. If he fails, he must
steal something. There is a 90% proabalbity of being seen stealing (if
the character isn't a thief) if the character is being observed.
     Some GMs may require the character to become a thief and drop the
current class. Kleptomaniac thieves have a -10% on their staeling
ability due to the overpowerinhg urge to immedialtely steal an item.

Monomania - The character will seem absolutely normal until presented
with an idea, goal, or similar project which seems promising or
purposeful to him. As of then, the character will become obsessed with
the accomplishment of the purpose. He will think of nothing else, talk
of nothing else, plan and act to accomplish nothing save the fixed end.
The character will brook swerving from any friend or associate, and he
will insist that such individuals serve the "cause" with the same the
dame devotion that the afflicted shows. Hostility and violence could
result, and certainly not a little suspicion and mistrust if co-
operation is not inherit. Once the desired end has been accomplished,
the insane character will manifest symptoms of dementia praecox.

Pyromania -  Fire fascinates many people, but it fascinates no one more
than a pyromaniac. He has a compulsive urge to set fires deliberately.
He often enjoys watching his fires, too. Motivation is not criminal or
financial. Once a day, the character must make a Sanity check. If he
fails, he must set fire to something. The bigger the fire, the better
he feels.

Pathological Gambling - A person with this disorder may lie, cheat,
steal in order to fuel his habit. The person is driven to the big win
and believes he can make up the losses easily. Whenever a character is
near a gambling situation or can make such a situation, he must make an
Sanity check. If he fails, he must gamble.

Pathological Liar - A person with this insanity makes outrageous
statements regarding his abilities, possessions, experiences, or
events. Whenever anything important or meaningful is discussed or in
question, the character can not tell the truth, and not only will he
lie, but do so with the utmost conviction, absolutely convinced that
the prevarication is truth. "Yeah, that's the ticket..."

Sado-Masochism - This insanity is coupled with maniacal urges and
behavior. The character is equally likely to be in a sadistic or
masochistic phase. When sadistic, the victim of this insanity has a
desire to physically hurt and (and probably kill) living things. When
masochistic, the victim of this insanity has a desire to be physically
hurt. Normalcy returns for 1 to 3 days. Note that friends and
associates do not matter to the afflicted individual, nor do enemies.

Trichotillomania - Trichotillomaniacs have the urge to pull out their
hair. People become so obsessed with removing body hair they fail to
realize they are marring their appearance by giving themselves bald
spots, or removing their eyebrows. These people often times suffer from
anxiety disorders and are potential substance abusers.

Intermittent Explosive Disorder -  These people are unable to hold back
urges of rage brought on by no apparent reason. They are very
aggressive and destructive.


                            SEXUAL DISORDERS


Bitchamania - This insanity can only manifest itself within females.
Males should reroll for another insanity. Females with this insanity
suffer the effects of The Bitch Rule.

Coprophilia - This bizarre insanity causes the character to have an
uncontrollable desire to eat the lees (the sediment of a liquid) of the
sexual partner. If the partner is diseased (hopefully a sexual one),
then the insane person's chance of contacting the disease is doubled
and should be checked after each feast.

Exhibitionism - This insanity causes the victim to have a fascination
of being observed while nude or having sex. The more who witness the
person the better. The person must exhibit himself/herself a minimum of
1d10+4 times a week. A few examples are to have sex in a public places,
flash people, streak, etc..

Fetishism - The victim has a fascination and desire to have sex only if
a specific object is in his/her possession or if possible the object is
used in the act (like rods, rings, balls).

Foulmouthia - The victim has an uncontrollable desire to say something
perverse when he/she sees somebody of the opposite sex. When the victim
sees such a person, he/she must make a Wisdom check with a -3 modifier.
Failure and the victim says something profane. If the player can't
think of anything, he/she can roll on the Sexist Quotes table found
later in this guide.

Geroniophilla - This insanity causes the character to strongly desire
sex with older people (a minimum of 1d4 times per week). The older
person must be at least be twice the character's age and is 50% of the
time a three times the character's age (if possible).

Innecrophilia - This insanity causes the character to have an obsessive
fascination with the undead. This obsession extends to the point of
engaging in sexual intercourse with undead creatures when the
opportunity arises. When coming across undead the afflicted character
is 75% likely not to cause harm to the undead. Furthermore, he/she is
50% likely to rape unintelligent undead or seduce (to the point of
begging) intelligent undead. The GM and players can see the dangers of
a character desiring the likes of a vampire.

Masochism - This insanity causes the character to like to be hurt by
the partner (normally a sadistic one), using the same ways as the
sadism. In other words, he/she likes to be on the receiving end of
physical pain during sexual encounters.

Mirusmania - This insanity causes the victim to desire to have weird
sex (although some characters may already do weird things). Some
examples are during fly, jump spells; while polymorphed or ethereal; in
strange places like a dungeon, temple, tree; under the influence of
transmute flesh to spells. The GM and player should flesh out this
insanity for good role-playing purposes.

Necrophilia - This insanity causes the character to have an obsessive
fascination with death and corpses. This obsession extends to the point
of engaging in sexual intercourse with a corpse. The afflicted
character is 50% likely to attempt a sexual act with a corpse of the
opposite sex when such an opportunity arises. Thus, a character
adventuring in catacombs may sneak away from the party for a quick
interlude with the dead. This insanity could reach a point where the
character keeps a supply of dead handy to serve his/her purposes.

Nymphomania - Sex! Sex! Sex! This insanity manifests itself in an
ardent desire, in this case an uncontrollable urge to have sex (lots of
sex). The afflicted will furtively attempt to seduce a person of the
opposite sex, whenever the opportunity presents itself, and he/she will
usually seek out such opportunities. The afflicted must have sex a
minimum of 1d10+10 times per week. Not getting the minimum weekly
requirement causes the person to gain an accumulative +1 to
constitution, but lose an accumulative -1 to intelligence and an
accumulative -1 to wisdom until relief presents itself.  Other problems
could be continuous dissatisfaction, inability to prioritize, egotistic
view that everyone wants it, patronizing view that all need to be
defiled by sex because they are naturally evil, or that he/she is doing
people a "favor". He/she will not go to the extent of rape or
molesting, but hiring prostitutes is not above the insanity.

Pedophilia - This insanity causes the character to strongly desire sex
with younger people (a minimum of 1d4 times per week). The younger
person must be at least be half the character's age and is 50% of the
time a fourth of the character's age.  Of course this insanity can
cause a lot of trouble with governmental laws on statutory rape.

Periculuphilia - This strange insanity causes the inflicted to have a
desire for sex only in dangerous situations and places. When in such a
situation, the character is 50% likely to go into a sexual frenzy in
which he/she must have sex immediately, preferably with a close sexual
partner. Thus, a character will usually have such a partner along with
him/her when adventuring. Note the afflicted must have this dangerous
sex a minimum of 1d4+1 times per week. Not getting the minimum weekly
requirement causes the person to gain an accumulative +1 to
constitution, but lose an accumulative -1 to intelligence and an
accumulative -1 to wisdom until relief presents itself. Some examples
of dangerous situations and places would be when he/she is surrounded
by a few dragons, in front of a angry lich, or maybe in any battle
he/she is involved in.

Pigmalionism - This insanity causes the character to have an obsessive
fascination with statues because they are cold, have hard muscles, nice
form, unemotional, etc.. This obsession extends to the point of
engaging in sexual intercourse with a statue (if physically possible).
The afflicted character is 50% likely to attempt a sexual act with a
statue when such an opportunity arises. Thus, a character adventuring
in temple may sneak away from the party for a quick interlude with the
a lovely statue. This insanity could reach a point where the character
collects statues to serve his/her purposes. The ideal partner would be
a golem or enchanted statue.

Sadism - The victim of this insanity has a desire to physically hurt
the person which he/she is having sex with. This attack can be done by
various strange ways like whipping, kicking, chaining the partner,
etc.. This insanity could reach a point where the character, under a
orgasm, kills the engaged person.

Unus-????mania - This insanity manifests itself in an ardent desire and
obsession, in this case an uncontrollable urge to have sex with a
particular type of creature. The afflicted will furtively attempt to
seduce this type of creature (still of the opposite sex), whenever the
opportunity presents itself, and he/she will usually seek out such
opportunities. He/she will not desire to have sex with any other, even
his/her own species; and will actually reek at the thought. When he/she
has sex with such a creature, he/she likes the creature to do weird
things relative to the creature's abilities and talents (see example
below). Of course some creatures maybe harder to get a hold of then
others. The table below is small and simplistic, GMs may add any
creatures he wants. Roll (1d20) on the following table to get the type
of creature that is desired:

      Mania
Roll  Name (????)    Type of Creature
 1    Daemon         Demons *
 2    Dimidiuselfe   Half-elves
 3    Divus          Dieties, Demigods, etc
 4    Draco          Dragons *
 5    Druidae        Druids
 6    Elfe           Elves *
 7    Giant          Giants *
 8    Gnome          Gnomes
 9    Gobla          Goblins
10    Gole           Golems *
11    Halfline       Halflings
12    Homo           Humans *
13    Lycanthrope    Lycanthropes *
14    Magus          Mages
15    Nanus          Dwarfs *
16    Nequam         Rogues
17    Ogra           Ogres
18    Pugna          Fighters
19    Sacerdos       Clerics
20    Vates          Bards

                                   * can be specific type

Example: A person with unus-sacerdosmania insanity will have a desire
to have sex with clerics. When having sex with cleric, he/she might
want the cleric to pray. A person with unus-pugnamania will only have
sex with fighters and might want the fighter to punch, scratch, and
wrestle during sex. A person with unus-vatesmania will only have sex
with bards and might want the bard to sing during sex.

Uridpsomania - This bizarre insanity causes the character to have the
desire to drink the urine of his/her partner. Check for an unhealthy
disease each time he/she drinks.

Voyeurism - The person affected by this insanity only has pleasure from
observing the other's sexual organs or people having sex, especially in
secret.

Zoophilia - This insanity manifests itself in an ardent desire and
obsession, in this case an uncontrollable urge to have sex with a
particular type of normal animal. The afflicted will furtively attempt
to seduce this type of animal (still of the opposite sex), whenever the
opportunity presents itself, and he/she will usually seek out such
opportunities. He/she will not desire to have sex with any other, even
his/her own species; and will actually reek at the thought. The table
below is small and simplistic, GMs may add any animals he wants. Roll
(1d20) on the following table to get the type of creature that is
desired:

Roll           Animal              Roll         Animal
  1            dog                  11          mule
  2            horse                12          wolverine
  3            pig                  13          rhinoceros
  4            cat                  14          hippopotamus
  5            monkey               15          boar
  6            bear                 16          bull
  7            elephant             17          buffalo
  8            skunk                18          goat
  9            camel                19          sheep
 10            lion                 20          roll twice -ignore this


                            SLEEP DISORDERS

     Dyssomnias are sleep disturbances interfere with quantity and
quality of sleep. Parasomnias make up nightmares, wake-ups of
screaming, and sleep walkings which is most common in children. The
character experiences a sleep disorder every night.

Dream Anxiety Disorder - The character experiences nightmares on a
repeated basis. The dreams are very distressing. An adventurer can have
some real nasty ones.

Hypersomnia - This is when the character never feels rested. He often
has problems getting up in the morning.

Insomnia - This is the chronic inability to get sleep. The character
may have difficulty falling asleep. He may wake up frequently or have a
full night's sleep but not be rested.

Sleep-Schedule Disorder - is basically "jet lag" in a chronic course.
There is a mismatch between body sleep rhythms and the demands of their
environment.

Sleep Terror Disorder - The person wakes up suddenly and in pain from a
sound sleep. There are physical and psychological conditions involved.
The physical conditions include sweating, increased heart rate, and
gasping for breath. The person is hard to calm and is often confused or
disoriented. Most people do not remember night terrors.

Sleepwalking Disorder - The person is unresponsive to others and their
attempts to awaken him. He does not remember sleep walking.


                          SOMATOFORM DISORDERS

     Somatoform disorders involve psychological conflicts transferred
into physical conditions.

Body Dysmorphic Disorder - The character feels his body is defective or
ugly. This is similar to the somatic delusion, but is not quite as
psychotic.

Hypocondriasis - The character feels that he has a serious illness or
disease, when he is experiencing normal bodily functions. This is
different from conversion disorder because he does not have
unexplainable medical symptoms, and he does not experience la belle
indifference. No amount of reassurance will relieve him of his fears.

Hysterical Neurosis / Conversion Disorder -This disorder involves the
translation of unacceptable drives or troubling conflicts into physical
symptoms. The person is not intentionally producing the symptoms.
However a medical basis for symptoms cannot be found, and it is assumed
that the person is converting psychological conflicts or need into a
physical problem.
      Once the psychological problem passes to the physical side, it is
no longer a source of mental stress for the person. This is called la
belle indifference or "beautiful lack of concern". They often dismiss
it, even if it's incapacitating. For example, before the big game the
quarterback's hand becomes paralyzed.
     Conversion disorders fall into four categories: motor disturbances
(tremors, paralysis), sensory disturbances (hearing loss, tunnel
vision), symptoms simulating physical illness (involve conversions that
mimic the actual symptoms of a physical illness), symptoms complicating
physical illness (complicate or delay physical recovery from a physical
disorder).

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                                PHOBIAS


     A phobia is an intense, abnormal, or illogical fear of something.
Almost everybody has things that they are afraid of to one degree or
another. Even great adventurers can have a intense fear of something.
     The number of phobias a character has is dependant of his Sanity
attribute. If his Sanity score changes, so will the number of phobias.
This is the base number of phobias a character will always have. He may
gain additional phobias as an insanity during his adventuring career.
     The first step is to determine what class of phobia the character
has. This is done by rolling 1d100 and comparing the result to the
Phobia Class Table.
     The second step is to determine the exact nature of the phobia.
Roll on the appropriate phobia class table to get the phobia the
character has.
     If the GM wishes to add more phobias to the list, he should get a
Latin-English dictionary. Then he should look up the word he wants for
a phobia, get the Latin translation, and add phobia to the end of the
word.

Sexual Phobias

     If played properly, these phobias can give character a good amount
of extra depth, however, played incorrectly can be disastrous. There
are two tables for this section, Male and Female. If the character is
homosexual or bisexual, then go to the appropriate sex 90% of the time
and the opposite sex of the character the remaining 10% of the time. If
a character rolls an impossibility (a male rolls a strictly female
phobia), then reroll on the table appropriate to the character's sex.


Phobia Class Table

Roll    Phobia Class
01-10   Animal
11-30   Medical
31-40   Miscellaneous
40-55   Positional
56-60   Sexual
61-90   Social
91-00   Weather (Natural)


Severity Table

Roll    Severity
01-03   +40
04-07   +35
08-13   +30
14-20   +25
21-27   +20
28-34   +15
35-41   +10
41-50   +05
51-60   -05
60-66   -10
67-73   -15
74-80   -20
81-87   -25
88-93   -30
94-97   -35
98-00   -40


Animal Phobias Table

Roll    Animal Phobia   Fear of
01      Acarophobia     Mites
02-04   Aelurophobia    Cats
05-10   Agrizophobia    Wild Animals
11-12   Alektorophobia  Chickens
13-15   Apiphobia       Bees
16-20   Arachnophobia   Spiders
21      Bacillophobia   Microorganisms
22      Bacteriophobia  Bacteria
23-24   Batrachophobia  Frogs
25      Blennophobia    Slimes
26-28   Botanophobia    Plants
29-32   Bogyphobia      Boggyman
33-37   Bugphobia       Insects
38-41   Cynophobia      Dogs
42-50   Demonophobia    Demons
51      Doraphobia      Animal Skins
52-53   Equinophobia    Horses
54      Featherphobia   Feathers
55-59   Helminthophobia Worms
60-63   Herpetophobia   Lizards
64-65   Icthyophobia    Fish
66      Isopterophobia  Termites
67-71   Murophobia      Rats
72-74   Musiphobia      Mice
75      Myrmecophobia   Ants
76-80   Ophidiophobia   Snakes
81-82   Ornithophobia   Birds
83      Ostraconophobia Shellfish
84-85   Paraistophobia  Parasites
86-88   Phasmaphobia    Ghosts
89      Phthirophobia   Lice
90      Spheksophobia   Wasps
91      Taeniophobia    Tapeworms
92-93   Taurophobia     Bulls
94-00   Zoophobia       Animals


Medical Phobias

Roll    Medical Phobia        Fear of
1-2     Aerophobia            Airborne diseases
3-4     Albuminurophobia      Kidney diseases
5       Amychophobia          Scratches
6-8     Anginophobia          Heart problems (Angina)
9       Asthenophobia         Fainting/weakness
10      Belanophobia          Needles
11      Chaetophobia          Hair disease
12      Cnidoiphobia          Stings
13      Copraustasophobia     Constipation
14      Coprophobia           Feces
15      Dementophobia         Insanity
16-17   Dentophobia           Dentists
18-19   Dermatopathophobia    Skin disease
20      Diabetophobia         Diabetes
21      Dinophobia            Dizziness
22      Diplopiaphobia        Double vision
23      Dipsophobia           Drinking (alcohol)
24      Dysmorphophobia       Being deformed
25      Dystychiphobia        Accidents
26      Emetophobia           Vomiting
27      Epistaxiophobia       Nose bleeds
28      Genuphobia            Knees
29      Geraseophobia         Growing old
30-31   Gerontophobia         Aging
32      Helminthophobia       Worm infections
33      Hematophobia          Blood
34      Hormephobia           Shock
35      Hydrargynophobia      Mercurial medicine
36      Hydrophobophobia      Rabies
37      Hylephobia            Epilepsy
38      Hypnophobia           Sleep
39      Iatrophobia           Doctors
40      Illyngophobia         Vertigo
41-43   Iophobia              Poison
44-46   Leprophobia           Leprosy
47-48   Luiphobia             Syphilis
49      Lyssophobia           Becoming insane
50      Meningitophobia       Brain disease
51      Misophobia            Contamination with dirt
52-53   Monopathophobia       A specific disease
54      Molysmophobia         Infection
55      Neopharmaphobia       New drugs
56-58   Nosmaphobia           Illness
59      Nosocomephobia        Hospitals
60      Obesophobia           Gaining weight
61      Odonephobia           Teeth
62      Odynesphobia          Pain
63      Ommatophobia          Eyes
64      Patrioiphobia         Heredity
65      Peladophobia          Bald people
66      Pellagrophobia        Pellagra
67-68   Permatophobia         Skin lesians
69      Photoalgiaphobia      Eye pain
70      Phthisiophobia        Tuberculosis
71      Pnigophobia           Being smothered
72      Proctophobia          Rectal disease
73      Psychophobia          Mind
74      Pyrexecophobia        Fever
75      Radiophobia           Radiation
76      Rhabophobia           Being beaten with a rod
77      Rhytiphobia           Wrinkles
78      Scabiophobia          Itching
79      Scatophobia           Fecal matter
80      Tetanophobia          Lockjaw
81      Thahatophobia         Death
82      Tomophobia            Surgery
83      Toxocophobia          Being poisoned
84-93   Traumatophobia        Injury
94-96   Trichinophobia        Trichinosis (caused by eating pork)
97-98   Trichophobia          Hair
99-100  Trypanophobia         Needles


Miscellaneous Phobias

Roll    Miscellaneous Phobia  Fear of
1-3     Acarophobia           Small objects
4-6     Acerophobia           Sourness
7-9     Acousticophobia       Noise
10-12   Aichmophobia          Pointed objects & knives
13-14   Aichurophobia         Points
15-20   Algophobia            Pain
21-22   Alliumphobia          Garlic
23-25   Amathophobia          Dust
26-27   Amnesiophobia         Amnesia
28-30   Anthophobia           Flowers
31-33   Apeirophobia          Infinity
34-40   Arachibutyrophobia    Peanut butter sticking to top of mouth
41-44   Ataxiphobia           Chaos
45-47   Autophobia            Self
48-50   Ballistophobia        Missles
51-52   Bolshaphobia          Communism
53-55   Carnephobia           Meat
56-58   Catoptrophobia        Mirrors
59-60   Cherophobia           Being happy
61-63   Chrematophobia        Money
64-66   Chromatophobia        Certain colors
67-69   Chronophobia          Time
70-72   Clinophobia           Beds
73-75   Cnidophobia           Stings
76-77   Dendrophobia          Trees
78-80   Dextrophobia          Right-handed things
81-83   Didaskaleinophobia    School
84-86   Dikephobia            Justice
87-88   Eleuthrophobia        Freedom
89-90   Erythrophobia         Red things
91-92   Geliophobia           Laughter
93-95   Geniophobia           Chins
96-98   Geumaphobia           Taste
99-100  Graphophobia          Writing
101-105 Hadephobia            Hell
106-109 Haigophobia           Religious objects
110-114 Harpaxophobia         Being robbed
115-117 Hedonophobia          Pleasure
118-120 Hellanophobia         Science
121-124 Hematophobia          Sight of Blood
125-127 Heresyphobia          Challenges to dogma
128-129 Homitophobia          Sermons
130-132 Iatrophobia           Doctors
133-135 Ideophobia            Ideas
136-137 Iophobia              Rust
138-140 Kainophobia           Change
141-142 Kenesophobia          Motion
143-146 Kleptophobia          Stealing
147-148 Kopophobia            Exhaustion
149-152 Lachanophobia         Vegetables
153-154 Leukophobia           White things
155-157 Ligyrophobia          Noise
158-159 Linohophobia          String
160-162 Litigaphobia          Lawsuits
163-165 Logophobia            Words
166-180 Magophobia            Magic
181-185 Mechanophobia         Machinery
186-187 Megalophobia          Large Things
188-189 Melophobia            Music
190-191 Metalophobia          Metals
192-194 Methyphobia           Alcohol
195-196 Metrophobia           Poetry
197-198 Mnemophobia           Memories
199-200 Mysophobia            Dirt
201-202 Myxophobia            Slime
203-205 Necrophobia           Dead bodies
206-208 Nelophobia            Glass
209-210 Neophobia             New things
211-214 Novercaphobia         Step mothers
215-216 Numerophobia          Numbers
217-218 Oenophobia            Wine
219-220 Olfactophobia         Certain Odors
221-225 Oneirophobia          Dreams
226-227 Osmophobia            Smells
228-230 Ouranophobia          Heaven
231     Panphobia             Everything
232-234 Papryrophobia         Paper
235-237 Partriphobia          Heredity
238-243 Peccatiphobia         Sinning
244     Pedaphobia            Jumping
245     Pediaphobia           Dolls
246     Pediophobia           Children
247-248 Pentheraphobia        Mothers-in-law
249-250 Phasmaphobia          Ghosts
251     Phobophobia           Fear
252     Phonophobia           Echos
253     Phronemophobia        Thinking
254-255 Placophobia           Tombstones
256     Pogonophobia          Beards
257-258 Poinephobia           Punishment
259     Politicophobia        Politicians
260     Polyphobia            Several Things
261     Ponophobia            Work/Fatigue
262     Porphyrophobia        Purple things
263     Porophobia            Drinking (water, etc.)
264     Potophobia            Progress
265     Pteronophobia         Feathers
266-67  Satanoophobia         Evil gods
268-69  Scelophobia           Robbers
270     Scotomaphobia         Blind spots
271     Selaphobia            Flashing lights
272-73  Siderophobia          Rotting matter
274     Sinistrophobia        Left-handed things
275     Sitophobia            Certain foods
276     Sophophobia           Learning
277     Symbolophobia         Symbolism
278     Symmeterophobia       Symmetry
279     Syngenesophobia       Relatives
280     Tacophobia            Speed
281-282 Taphophobia           Graves/being buried alive
283-284 Technophobia          Technology
285-286 Teletophobia          Religious ceremonies
287     Testophobia           Tests
288     Textophobia           Certain fabrics
289-290 Theologicophobia      Theology
291-296 Theophobia            Gods
297     Tridecaphobia         Number 13
298-299 Tyrannophobia         Tyrants
300     Vitricophobia         Step-fathers


Positional Phobias

Roll    Positional Phobia     Fear of
1-3     Acrophobia            Heights
4-6     Aeroacrophobia        Open high places
7-8     Aginaphobia           Narrow places
9-11    Agyiophobia           Streets
12-13   Amaxophobia           Moving Vehicles
14-16   Anablepophobia        Looking up at high places
17-20   Atephobia             Ruins, dungeons
21-22   Aviatophobia          Flying
23-25   Basiphobia            Walking
26-28   Batophobia            Passing a tall structure
29-32   Bathophobia           Depths
33-38   Claustrophobia        Confined space
39-40   Cenophobia            Empty Rooms
41-42   Cleithrophobia        Being locked in
43-44   Climacophobia         Stairs
45-47   Coimetrophobia        Cemetaries
48-49   Cremnophobia          Cliffs
50-51   Domatophobia          Being in a house
52-55   Dromophobia           Crossing a street
56-60   Ecclesiophobia        Churches
61-63   Ecophobia             Home surrounding
64-68   Eremophobia           Being yourself
69-72   Gephyrophobia         Bridges
73-76   Hodophobia            Travel
77-84   Hypsiphobia           Heights
85-87   Koimoniphobia         Rooms
88-93   Lygophobia            Gloomy places
94-95   Nostrophobia          Returning home
96      Oikophobia            Home surroundings
97      Theatophobia          Theaters
98-99   Topophobia            Specific places
100     Tropophobia           Moving to a new home


Female Sexual Phobias

        Female
Roll    Sexual Phobias          Fear of
01-03   Agaraphobia             Sexual Abuse
04-06   Algophobia              Sexual Pain
07-12   Androphobia             Men
13-14   Anuptophobia            Being single
15-17   Aphenphobia             Physical Contact
18-22   Coitophobia             Sex
23-24   Coitus More Ferarum     Doggy-style sex
25-29   Coitus Oralis           Oral sex
30-35   Cypridophobia           Venerial Diseases
36-38   Dyspareunia             Painful vaginal sex
39-41   Esodophobia             Virginity
42-44   Gamophobia              Marriage
45-47   Gymnophobia             Naked bodies
48-50   Hedonophobia            Pleasure
51      Heterophobia            Heterosexuals
52-57   Homphobia               Homosexuals
58-60   Ithyphallophobia        Erect penises
61-63   Maieusiophobia          Childbirth
64-65   Malaxophobia            Flirting
66-67   Medectophobia           Contour of a penis through clothing
68-69   Menophobia              Menstration
70-74   Merinthophobia          Being bound
75-77   Necrophobia             Sex with the dead
78-79   Oneirogmophobia         Wet dreams
80-82   Paraphobia              Sexual Perversions
83-84   Phallophobia            Male genitalia
85-87   Primeisodophobia        Losing one's virginity
88-90   Proctophobia            Rectal intercourse
91      Sarmassophobia          Foreplay
92-93   Sexophobia              Opposite Sex
94      Spermophobia            Semen
95-96   Teratophobia            Bearing a monster
97-100  Virgivitiphobia         Rape


Male Sexual Phobias

        Male
Roll    Sexual Phobias          Fear of
01-03   Agrophobia              Sexual Abuse
04-06   Algophobia              Sexual Pain
07-09   Anuptophobia            Being single
10-11   Aphenophobia            Physical Contact
12-14   Coitophobia             Sex
15-17   Coitus Oralis           Oral sex
18-20   Cyprianophobia          Prostitutes
21-23   Cypridophobia           Venerial Disease
24-25   Ejacuphobia             Ejaculation
26-28   Esodophobia             Virginity
29-31   Eurotophobia            Female Genetalia
32-37   Gamophobia              Marriage
38-39   Gymnophobia             Naked Bodies
40-44   Gynophobia              Women
45-48   Hedonophobia            Pleasure
49-53   Malaxophobia            Flirting
54-59   Medomalacophobia        Losing an erection
60-62   Merinthophobia          Being bound
63-67   Necrophobia             Sex with the dead
68-71   Oneirogmophobia         Wet dreams
72-76   Paraphobia              Sexual perversions
77-80   Parenthenophobia        Young girls, usually virgins
81-85   Penis Captivas          Having penis held tightly be vagina
86-89   Primeisodophobia        Losing one's virginity
90-92   Proctophobia            Rectal intercourse
93-95   Sarmassophobia          Foreplay
96-97   Sexophobia              Opposite sex
98-100  Venustaphobia           Beautiful women


Social Phobias


Roll    Social Phobias        Fear of
1       Ablutophobia          Bathing
2       Agorophobia           Public places
3       Allodoxaphobia        Other's opinions
4       Amychophobia          Being scratched
5       Ankylophobia          Immobility
6       Anthrophobia          People
7       Anuptaphobia          Staying single
8       Aphephobia            Being touched
9       Arrhenophobia         Mankind
10      Atelophobia           Imperfection
11      Autodysomophobia      Having a body odor
12      Automysophobia        Being dirty
13      Basiphobia            Walking
14      Basistasiphobia       Standing upright
15      Bromidrosiphobia      Body odors
16      Catapedaphobia        Jumping
17      Catagelophobia        Ridicule
18      Cateptrophobia        Mirrors
19      Cathisophobia         Sitting
20      Chaetophobia          Hair
21      Chorophobia           Dancing
22      Cibophobia            Food
23      Clithrophobia         Being enclosed
24      Coprophobia           Bowel movements
25      Decidophobia          Desisions
26      Defeccalgesiophobia   Painful, violent bowel movements
27      Demophobia            Crowds
28      Dromophobia           Crossing streets
29      Dysmorphophobia       Deformity
30      Dystychiphobia        Accidents
31      Deipnophobia          Dinner conversation
32      Dishabillophobia      Disrobing in public
33      Enissophobia          Sin
34      Eremophobia           Solitude
35      Ergophobia            Work
36      Erythrophobia         Blushing
37      Euphobia              Hearing good news
38      Gelophobia            Laughter
39      Graphophobia          Handwriting
40-41   Hamatophobia          Error
42      Hypengyophobia        Responsibility
43      Hypnophobia           Hypnosis
44      Isolophobia           Solitude
45      Kakorrhaphiophobia    Failure
46      Katagelophobia        Ridicule
47      Kathisophobia         Sitting down
48      Kleptophobia          Stealing
49      Koinoniphobia         Rooms full of people
50      Kyptophobia           Stooping
51      Laliophobia           Talking/stuttering
52      Lelophobia            Jealousy
53      Macrophobia           Long waits
54      Mythophobia           Lying
55      Nyctophobia           Night
56-57   Ochlophobia           Crowds
58      Ophthalmophobia       Being stared at
59      Optophobia            Opening one's eyes
60      Orthophobia           Propriety
61      Osphreisiophobia      Body odors
62      Paraliphobia          Neglect of duty
63      Peccatiphobia         Wrong doing
64      Peladophobia          Bald people
65      Peniaphobia           Poverty
66      Phagiophobia          Eating
67-68   Phalacrophobia        Being bald
69-70   Philemaphobia         Kissing
71      Philophobia           Love
72-74   Phobophobia           Being alone
75      Pogonophobia          Beards
76-77   Psellismophobia       Stuttering
78-79   Sclerophobia          Thieves
80      Scolionophobia        Going to school
81-83   Scopophobia           Being looked at
84-86   Sociophobia           Society
87-90   Stage Fright          Performance
91      Stasiphobia           Standing
92-93   Teratophobia          Deformed people
94      Tremophobia           Trembling
95      Vestiphobia           Wearing clothing
96-100  Xenophobia            Non-humans, foreigners


Weather Phobias

Roll    Weather Phobias       Fear of
1-2     Achuluophobia         Darkness
3-4     Aerophobia            Drafts & air
5-6     Aerophogiaphobia      Swallowing air
7-8     Anemophobia           Cyclones
9-10    Antlophobia           Floods
11-12   Astraphobia           Lighning
13-14   Auroraphobia          Auroral lights
15-16   Brontophobia          Thunder
17-18   Burophobia            Gravity
19-20   Cenophobia            Barren ground
21-22   Chionophobia          Snow
23-24   Cometophobia          Comets
25-26   Cryophobia            Cold temperatures
27-28   Cymophobia            Waves
29-30   Dendrophobia          Trees
31-32   Dinophobia            Whirlpools
33-34   Electrophobia         Electricity
35-36   Esophobia             Dawn
37-38   Frigophobia           Cold things
39-40   Heliophobia           Sunlight
41-42   Homichlophobia        Fog
43-44   Hydrophobia           Water
45-46   Hygrophobia           Dampness/Humidity/Mists
47-48   Hylophobia            Forest
49-50   Keraunophobia         Lighning & thunder
51-52   Kymophobia            Waves
53-54   Lilapsophobia         Huricanes
55-56   Limnophobia           Lakes
57-60   Meteorphobia          Meteors
61-62   Nephophobia           Clouds
63-64   Ombrophobia           Rain
65-66   Pagophobia            Frost & ice
67-68   Photoangiophobia      Glaring light
69-70   Photophobia           Light
71-72   Potamophobia          Rivers
73-74   Potomophobia          Sheets of water
75-77   Psychrophobia         Being cold
78-79   Pyrophobia            Fire
80-83   Sciaphobia            Shadows
84-87   Scotophobia           Darkness
88-89   Selenophobia          Moons
90-91   Siderophobia          Stars in the sky
92-94   Thalassophobia        Seas
95-97   Thermaphobia          Hot temperatures
98-100  Zerophobia            Dryness

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             SO YOUR INSANE


     Whenever a character is insane, he has other problems besides
his insanity. He suffers from a few minor problems as well.

     Distraction: Small pieces of conversation make the character go
off on humerous (but somewhat annoying) sidetracks. For example, "Fish?
I like fish, fish boiled, fish fried, fish grilled with a spicy sauce,
fish soup, fish for breakfast, fish for lnuch, fish for snacks..."

     Relationship mistakes: The character has a percentage chance equal
to his Sanity attrbute to permanently alienate someone due to strange
behavior or unpredictable bad attitude.


Mages

     Magical wild spurts: The insane mage has a chance for a spell to
become slightly twisted when cast. The GM determines the effect but the
more bizzare the better. For example, the mage casts magic missiles but
instead shoots forth magic flowers. The GM should not necessarily
penalize the character. The bizzare effects can be beneficial (but
still strange).

Clerics

     Prayer misunderstandings: If an insane cleirc tries a prayer,
there is a percent chance equal to 10 times the character's Insanity
attribute of the cleric's deity not answering the request for spells.
There is an equal percent chance the the call will be answered by the
diety of insanity. The deity of insanity doesn't exactly give the
cleric the spells he wants.

Psionicists

     Freaky Powers: When using psionic powers a natural roll of 20
usually indicates additional powers. For an insane psionicist, a roll
of 18, 19, or 20 will have this effect.

     Wild Talents: The psionicist gains a wild talent outside of his
psionic devotion. Although this may seem beneficial to a psionicist, it
tends to be more unnerving gaining freakish wild abilities of the mind.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              MAGE SPELLS


LEVEL 3
Transfer Insanity

LEVEL 6
Schizophrenia Projected Image



Transfer Insanity (Enchantment/Charm)

Level: 3
Range: Special
Components: V, S
Duration: 2 turns per level
Casting Time: 3
Area of Effect: One creature
Save: Neg.

     Any mage suffering from an insanity can temporarily give this
affliction onto any living creature for the spell duration after which
time he gets it back.
     This spell brough to you by Mike Jones.


Schizophrenia Projected Image (Alteration,Illusion/Phantasm,Necromancy)

Level: 6
Range: 10 yards / level
Components: V, S, M
Duration: 2 rounds per level
Casting Time: 6
Area of Effect: Special
Save: Special

     The spell creates an alter ego of the person. The duplicate will
take on the schizoid-ego of the caster. The duplicate can perform any
action that the mage can including spell-casting and combat. The mage
can communicate via telepath with the duplicate. The image does not
have to be within the mage's view to continue to exist.
     The duplicate can cast the spells that the mage has memorized. Of
course the mage loses the spells then. However each can cast spells
independent of each other.
     The major power of the duplicate is that he can destroy the life
force of a living being within spell range by willing it. The victim
gets a save vs.  death. Success and he suffers 3d6 points of damage.
Failure and he dies.
     There is a few side effects to this power. First, the mage cannot
control if the duplicate will use it. The mage can only point out his
enemies to the duplicate. Secondly, when the duplicate uses the
ability, the mage must make a Sanity check. If he fails, the spell
ends, he goes insane and becomes his Schizophrenia alter ego.
     Schizophrenia projected image requires the material component of a
clay image of the mage that must be torn in two pieces.
     This spell brough to you by Mike Jones.


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             PRIEST SPELLS


Cure Insanity (Abjuration)

Sphere: Healing
Level: 5
Range: Touch
Components: V, S
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One creature
Save: None

     This spell enables the caster to possibly cure insanities by
placing his hand upon the insane creature. When casting, the priest
must make an Sanity check. If the check is successful, the insane
patient is cured of his insanity and all is well. If the check is a
failure, the insanity of the patient is transferred into the caster.
Pity.


Cause Insanity (Abjuration)

Sphere: Necromancy
Level: 5
Range: 5 feet per level
Components: V, S
Duration: Permanent
Casting Time: 1
Area of Effect: One creature
Save: None


     This spell enables the to caster cause insanity in a creature.
Roll in the Insanity Table to decide which insanity the victim gets.
For every level of the caster, the player may move up or down on the
Insanity Table, this giving him a small choice of what insanity to
inflict.
     When the caster becomes 9th level, he may choose the insanity of
his victim.


Split Personalities (Necromancy)

Level: 9
Range: 10 feet
Components: V, S, M
Duration: Special
Casting Time: 9
Area of Effect: Special
Save: Neg.

     One form of insanity is the Multiple Personality / Split
Personality Dissociative Disorder. A person with this inasanity has
individual and distinct personalities within. This spell serpeates the
multiple personalities and puts each one into an actual physical body.
Thus, if the spell is cast on a insane person with three personalities
(including his normal one), two physical bodies contain two two of the
personalties will manifest.
     A new personalty will not necessarily get a physcial body
identical to the insane victim. The new body tends to reflect the
personality.For example, if one of the persnoalities is that of a 12-
year old girl, then a 12-year old girl is where the personality will
reside now.
     Each personality gets a save. If it fails, the personality remians
in the insane person. If succseful, the personlaity gets a new physical
body.
     The material components are

-----------------------------------------------------------------------



               -----------------------------------------
                                VECORS
               -----------------------------------------


Portfolio: Insanity, mental illness

     Vecors is the deity of insanity. Not really one of the most widely
known of the deities and certainly not one of the powerful ones.
However, Vecors does have a place and a small following. Crazy, wacky,
goofy, zany, nutty, and bonkers are but a few words to describe Vecors.
     Vecors' mother is the deity of wisdom. Vecors' father is the deity
of ill fortune, freaks, etc.. Vecors is certainly has ill fortune in
the metal category. Vecors' older brother is the deity of mental
ability, mental prowess, psionic talent, etc.. His older brother has a
different father (the deity of knowledge).
     Vecors has the ability to cause insanity in any being with an
Intelligence less than 19.
     Vecors takes many forms. When mingling with the mortals, he takes
the form of human/demi-human/humanoid races. Although he favors being a
male, he has no problem being female when the mood hits him (and he
goes through lots of moods). He pretty much runs the spectrum, always
trying something crazy.
     When Vecors presents himself as a "god", he appears as a gigantic
Gibbering Mouther (a disgusting amoeboid-like form of life composed of
mouths, and eyes). His spittle attack will blind victims for 1d4 rounds
(no save). His gibbering attack instantly cause confusion as the spell
and if a save vs. magic is failed, the victim becomes insane. He can
only be harmed by +3 or better weapons. He also regenerates 5 hit
points per round in this form.
     There are two orders of priesthood under Vecors, each with its own
abilities. The first order is called The Insane of Vecors. The second
order is called The Keepers of the Insane.


1ST ORDER OF VECORS: THE INSANE OF VECORS

     This order is comprised of insane priests who worship an insane
deity and love all aspects of insanity. Priests of this order become
priest of Vecors typically by default. When a priest becomes insane, he
is often not granted spells by his deity because of his new condition.
In other words, his deity forgets him because he is insane. Vecors
answers the prayers of the forgotten, insane priest and the priest
converts to Vecors priesthood.
     Often members of The Insane of Vecors that are inflicted with the
same insanity tend to form their own division. For example, insane
priests inflicted with Arachnophobia (fear of spiders) might form a
division of their order where they can set their own agenda (namely rid
the world of spiders). Another division can be comprised of Schizoid
priests; a scary thought.

Nonweapon Skills: The priest has no penalty when taking a rogue skill.
Recommended: Any that displays somewhat quirky behavior like juggling,
tumbling, ventiloquism, dancing (ex. square dancing, waltzing),
artistic ability (ex. graffati, manure sculpting).

Weapon Skills: Any. The weapon of choice tends to be stange. In fact,
the stranger the better. Examples: table leg, sack of marbles, wet
towel (snap it), football, dead fish, peanut shooter, pole-arm (let's
face it, what sane person uses a pole-arm).

Armor Restrictions: No armor (its so constricting like a straitjacket).

Duties of the Priest: Devotions (consists of gibbering), Missions,
Omen-Reading.

Spheres of Influence: Priest get any two major spheres of influence and
any one sphere of influence.

Powers & Benefits:

- The priest can never be cured of his insanities.

- While in a straitjacket, once per round the character can make a
Dexterity check and if successful he escapes straitjacket.

- At each level, the character gets a 10%/level of gaining an
"imaginary, invisible friend". For example, the character just reached
5th level so he has a 50% of gaining a friend; at 6th level he gets a
60% chance. The "friend" should be is a loyal henchman (no checks for
moral). The GM must create the "friend", but the player should have
input as long as it is in the spirit of role-playing and not monty-
haulism. The "friend" has no physical being and cannot perform anything
physical such as lifting, moving, pushing, etc.. He can see, hear, and
smell but not taste. Also, the "friend" doesn't always hang around the
character but will be there when he is needed. He may not always be the
most helpful friend so a character shouldn't try to take advantage of
his "friend".

- At 3rd level, the priest can sink into a meditative trance to receive
a prophecy of the future. The trance lasts a minimum of 6 turns. If the
GM wishes, the priest has a vision. The GM may also allow the priest to
have a vision without the need of a trance.

- At 5th level, the priest is unaffected by enchantment/charm spells.

- At 9th level, the priest becomes immune to psionic powers.

- At 12th level, the priest sees things as they really are. His sight
penetrates magical darkness; invisible things become visible; illusions
and apparitions are seen through; polymorphed, changed, or enchanted
objects are apparent; and ethereal objects are visible.

Limitations & Hindrances:

- The priest cannot turn undead.

- At 9th level, the priest loses all psionic abilities.

Alignment: The deity is chaotic neutral, the alignment of the truly
insane. The priests of this order must be chaotic neutral. Those that
weren't chaotic neutral, will suffer a traumatic alignment shift to
become chaotic neutral.

Minimum Ability Scores: Sanity 1. Sanity below 4 means a +10% to
experience.

Races Allowed: Any.


2ND ORDER OF VECORS: THE KEEPERS OF THE INSANE

     This order is comprised of specialty priests whose duty is to
treat and/or take care of the mentally ill. Ironically, Vecors is the
deity of insanity and takes comfort in a multitude of insane people and
yet he has an order of priests where insanity is considered as a
disease that should be cured if possible. Its totally insane. Of
course, maybe that is the point.
     A priest of the order is often found dressed in a three-piece suit
or a white lab coat.

Nonweapon Skills: Bonus: Herbalism, Reading/Writing. Recommended: Any
that will assist in helping insane people particulary medical realted
skills.

Weapon Skills: No slashing weapons allowed. Club, lasso, and net
preferred.

Armor Restrictions: No armor. The priest prefers clinical robes.

Duties of the Priest: Devotions, Guidance, Missions, Healing.

Spheres of Influence: MAJOR: All, Guardian, Healing, Protection. MINOR:
Necromantic.

Powers & Benefits:

- The priest has knowledge of a sage in respects to Psychology,
although this term may be to "modern" for a fanasty world. It is
recommended that the knowledge should be more exotic and less try. For
example: the bumps on a person's head, the map of the brain, mind-
affecting drugs, psycholgical tests (ink blots, etc.),

- At 5th level, the priest gains the ability to cause fear.

- At 7th level, the priest has the ability to reverse the effects of
fear.

Limitations & Hindrances:

- The priest cannot turn undead.

- At 9th level, the priest loses all psionic abilities.

Alignment: Any but Chaotic Neutral.

Minimum Ability Scores: Sanity 1. Intelligence 16. Wisdom 8.

Races Allowed: Any.

Followers and Strongholds: Priests of the 1st order gain no stronghold
but can attract 11-20 followers. With these followers, the priest can
form a cult of sorts. Typically, the group has no substance and it is
typically viewd as harmess more than dangerous.
     A priest of the 2nd order at 9th level receives the following
followers: 3 fourth level priests, 4 second level priests, 6 first
level priests, 10 clerics, and 11-20 normal followers. At this time,
the priest can construct a Sanitarium of Vecors. The priest pays half
the cost of construction.  The temple is a holy place for worship of
Vecors and for the research and treatment of the insane.

Requirements for Followers:

     Alignment choices:  Any
     Races Allowed:  Any
     Restrictions: None

Symbols: The symbol of Vecors


Holidays, Festivals, Special Occasions:

     Fools Day - This holiday is for one and is on the 1st day of the
first-quarter month of the year. If there are 12 months in the year,
then Fools Day is on the fourth month.
     On this day all insanities that people have go into effect.
Dormant insanities go into full operation. If a person is slowly on the
road to recover from insanity, on this day he will regress. After the
holiday, he will be to where he was the day before.
     Priests and worshippers of the 2nd order, spend the day in
worship of Vecors praying for those that are insane.
     For sane people, this day is spent in humor, merriment, and most
importantly practical jokes.

     Insaplebs Festival - The festival of insane people is a week long
celebration but the date of the festival it varies. If a person enters
a town and finds a few insane people, each insane person can tell him
when the festival begins. If that person enters another town, the
festival date has changed but each insane person in that town knows it.
Its odd, but that's how it works.
     During this festival, everybody is encouraged to act on every
crazy whim they have. It is a chaotic affair of merriment. Those that
aren't insane try to simulate insanity through the use of alcohol.
     This festival is often a problem for law enforcement agencies and
they tend to keep things in order.

     The Night of the Full Moon - The night of the full moon is
considered a special occasion for those that worship Vecors. Although
the night isn't an official holiday, it is considered a time for
enjoyment. Priests and worshippers have small parties.


Minions:

Avatars: Gibberling

Intelligence: Low
Alignment: Chaotic Neutral
No. appearing: 40-400
Armor class: 10
Movement: 9"
Hit dice: 1
THAC0: 20
No. of attacks: 1
Damage/attack: by weapon type
Special attacks: Special
Special defenses: Special
Magic resistance: 25%
Size: S (4'- 5' tall)
Morale: Special
XP value: 100

     Gibberlings are pale, hunched humanoids with short legs and
long arms. When together, gibberlings are the most annoying creatures
around and that's why they are always together.
     Gibberlings strength is in numbers. They attack in great numbers,
uttering ghastly howls and insane chattering noises, which causes the
boldest of comrades to check morale each round. They attack with normal
swords and wield them with a +1 bonus. In all circumstances they will
fight to the death, relying on sheer weight of numbers to defeat their
enemies.
     Though they clearly have a primitive means of communicating among
themselves, they have no discernable language.
     Gibberlings are immune to mind-affecting spells and psionic
powers.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             INSANE ASYLUM


     Ecnavius Ablefingers: elven make rogue (level 9) illusionist
(level 8); AL CG (nuetral tendencies); Str 10, Int 16, Wis 11, Con 16,
Dex 20, Cha 14).
     Ecnav (as he prefers to be called) is a elven spy who feigns
insanity and dimwittedness as a cover for his usual nefarious
tendencies. He works for and answers to the warrior princess Lyrah, who
met Ecnav by chance when he was in her chambers trying to steal her
panties, a personal effect whom Ecnav's previous employer sought for
his unusual fetishes (rumor had it Rusgar, Ecnav's merchant-boss, kept
a collection of famous women's undergarments). Lyrah reformed Ecnav to
serve her cause and aid in recapturing the lost glory of her homeland,
which has been overrun by the sudden overpopulation of the orc and
human races. Ecnav, in awe of Lyrah's beauty and charm, and fearful of
her bladesinger talents, quickly succumbed to her ferociously
persuasive personality.
     Ecnav at times goes about under the guise of a parlor magician and
entertainer, having been the court jester of many Elvish Kings in the
past, he has a knack for such work.


     Baltar: human male cleric (level 9); age 56; AL N; AC -2; MV 12;
hp 42; #AT 1; Dmg by weapon type; Str 15, Int 8, Wis 17, Con 6, Dex 12,
Cha 14 (currently 2).
     Baltst was a cleric of Thor who got a direct look at a certain
deity whose true appearance causes instant and permanent insanity (the
cause of the low charisma score). By and large, Baltar has an
undetermined kind of insanity, which unfortunately neither the clerics
nor mages have been able to cure even with limited wish. Mostly, he
drools and needs to be clothed, dressed and excercised by others. On
some days he is lucid, but the only thing he ever has been known to say
during these brief periods is " did you see it? " over and over again
to anyone who is present. He is still kept by the Thor clerics in a
cell below an old monastery.
     This former player character submitted by Lawrence R. Mead.


     Kelemvor Bloodblade: half-elf male: age 18; AL CN; AC: 10/-2; MV
12; hp 10; THAC0 19 (1-3 mage-thief); #AT 1; Dmg by weapon; Str 16, Dex
18, Con 11, Int 17, Wis 14, Chr 13, San 3
     Kelemvor Bloodbane is under average in both height and apperence.
He has black hair and green eyes. When in a normal mood he blends into
any crowd and goes out of his way to appear nondescript. However, he's
quite insane.
     He lives a life of pointless risks, partly for the fun of it and
partly because he's likely runnning from the law and willing to try
anything. However, he won't perform any service for another person
without a reward or price, if they can't pay him, they can die.
     While he appears to be a normal, smooth talking individual he is
infact a psychopathic killer. He is also a cannibal with a taste for
elven flesh. Futhermoe, he is a compulsive liar and a kleptomaniac,
making him truly untrustable.
     His life is ordered by the goddess of disease and rot (called
Chath-Ktholl) that commands him and that only he can hear to whom he
makes frequent sacrifices and offerings. He is totally chaotic in
nature and is as likely to turn on his friends as anyone else.
     This character submitted by Sharon Taylor.


     Ty Facefirst: Dwarven Male; age 57; AL N: AC 8; MV 9; hp 8; THAC0
20; #AT 1; spec. damage by spike/ headbutt; Str 15, Dex12, Con 19, Int
5, Wis 6, Chr 9, San 5.
     Once upon a time Ty took a hallucinagen... he liked it. Too much.
In fact he liked it so much he took stock in it. Aye, there's the
rub! Some of the side effects of this hallucinagen became permanent. Ty
now thinks that if he uses his hands to touch anything, they will melt.
He then convinced one of his friends to tie his hands behind his back,
which he did... sort of. He actually tied them with spaghetti (Ty's
friend was a rather accomplished alcoholic who practiced constantly).
Therefore his bond's didn't last the night, but Ty still has his hands
behind his back. Another side effect is that because of waking up with
his hands behind his back (even though they weren't tied) he believed
he was a convict or thief being brought to a jail. He then convinced
himself, since no straight thinking dwarf would become a thief, he must
be a halfling or a gnome, but he's not sure which one. When seeing his
alcoholic friend he fled, believing him to be the jailer, taking only
what he had on him. His only asset to speak of was his horned helm,
which makes a nasty weapon when used in the correct manner... ramming.
     To recap, Ty believes he is a gnome or halfling thief running from
the law (his best friend) and he can't use his melting hands.
     This character brought to you by Opus.


     Puck: human male; age 23; AL CN; AC 10; MV 12; hp 4; THAC0 20; #AT
1; Dmg by weapon type; Str 6, Dex 14, Con 11, Int 7, Wis 5, Chr 13, San
5.
     Puck is slender young man. He has short, spiked, blonde hair which
accentuates his beady little eyes. He has a multitude of tattoos on his
body, mainly on his chest.
     Puck is obnoxious, disgusting, and rude. He always must be "on",
the center of attention. Occasionally he will feel rejected and become
docile; but once people forgive him he goes back to his crazy behavior.
     One of his favorite past times is shooting snaught from his nose.
This act is affectionately called "shooting snaught rockets". Other
people call it gross.
     Puck is insane. His main problem isHistrionic Personality
Disorder. Unfortunately he has picked up a couple more disorders:
Paranoid Personality Disorder and Passive-Aggressive Personality
Disorder. This is why is often called a "problem". He is psycotic.
     Some phobias Puck has are Allodoxaphobia, Medomalacophobia,
Ponophobia, and Bogyphobia. Of course he isn't limited to these phoibas
alone.


     Roshqueat: human male; age 36; AL CN; AC 5; MV 12; hp 38; THACO
16; #AT 1; damage by weapon; STR 16; DEX 14; CON 12; INT 11; WIS 6; CHA
9; SAN 9

   Rosh is a middle-aged fighter. He started his life as a rich third
son. He decided to have a life in the millitary, so his father set him
up with the best equipment he could find: perfectly balanced blades,
fine armor, and his pride and joy a gilded magical spear.
     His first assignment was to gaurd a caravan. He was beset upon the
traders rivals who had paid mercanaries and mages to rob them. While
Rosh was fighting, with his spear, one of the mages summoned a flock of
birds, these birds stole his spear from his grasp. Filled with rage
Rosh then lobbed his daggers at them, daggers which missed and he never
found again. Then the birds beset upon him, lifting his posessions from
his body one at a time. He was left abandoned on the road, bereft of
all his things. It began to rain, and he plotted his revenge, not
against the mage but against the birds.
     He has been hunting down birds ever sense, trying to slay all that
he finds. He kills any that get in his way. He is scratced and scarred
now. His skin is rough, bones out of place from multiple breakings and
mindlessly he goes on, slaying every avian he sees. He was last spotted
heading west after seeing a roc fly overhead.



- second coming of Iuz

-----------------------------------------------------------------------



                         QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS


Shouldn't the sanity of a character be left to the player and not to
the whim of the GM?

     If a GM is blessed with true role-players, then the GM may not
need the Sanity attribute as the role-players welcome insanity without
having rules to tell them so. However, most players don't do things
that may put their character at a disadvantage. With the insanity
attribute, the players have fair rules that dictate advantages and
disadvantages to their characters.

A RPG character is suppose to be a great hero of adventure and not an
average citizen. Should he be so acceptable to insanity?

     A character was an average citizen who changed his lifestyle to go
adventuring and should be treated no different. In fact, he is in odd
situations while adventuring that would make him more suggestible to
insanity.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                              MAGIC ITEMS


Cloak of Schizophrenia (cursed) - When worn, this cursed cloak cannot
be removed without the use of magic. When a person puts on the cloak,
he gets the Schizophrenia insanity with delusions of grandeur. The
cloak will also create illusions to assist in the new personality.
Thus, if the new personality is that of a lich, the cloak will create
the illusion of a lich to accompany the personality.
     If the curse is lifted and the cloak is removed, the character
must make a Sanity check. If it fails, the character keeps
Schizophrenia.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------


                             SPECIAL THANKS

Nige

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
