

#######                          #####
   #     #    #  ######         #     #   #   #   ####    #####  ######  #    #
   #     #    #  #              #          # #   #          #    #       ##  ##
   #     ######  #####           #####      #     ####      #    #####   # ## #
   #     #    #  #                    #     #         #     #    #       #    #
   #     #    #  #              #     #     #    #    #     #    #       #    #
   #     #    #  ######          #####      #     ####      #    ######  #    #
Version III.4

Copyright
     This magic system in part or in whole may not be sold or published
without my permission.  It may be freely given (and used), as long as it
remains intact and no profit is realized.  Any suggestions, comments,
etc., should be addressed to Patrick O'Keefe at:

S-Mail  Wake Forest University     E-Mail  okeefecp@ac.wfunet.wfu.edu
        PO Box 7461
	Winston-Salem, NC. 27109

Credits
     Design / Idea:      Patrick O'Keefe
     Help Given By:      Carl Johnson, John Weatherman
     Special Thanks:     Roar Smith (good ideas)

Term Changes
     'X' Level Spell           - now equals -  'X' Power Spell
     Level/s of specialization - now equals -  Degree's of specialization


                    FORWARD

     The purpose of my magic system is to make playing a magus easier.  In
my opinion you do not need to know every single rule and spell in every
book in order to play both an interesting and effective magus.  In my
opinion, the purpose of playing a magus is to role-play a different
persona, one that you cannot be in real life.  In trying to come up with
an easier and more flexible system I encountered a number of problems with
the current spell system:
     1. At low levels a magus is almost useless.  He can cast 1 or 2
spells, and then is worthless for the rest of combat.
     2. At higher levels a magus can become unreasonably powerful in
comparison to other characters of similar experience.
     3. The forced structure of magic use.  I personally like a magic
system with a lot of personal spells, and even origional spells
invented/cast on the fly for a given situation.
     4. Disruption of spell casting.  According to the current spell
system, when a magus is disrupted the spell just fizzles.  There are many
books in which a magus is dirupted while casting a spell and the energy
backlashes on him, sometimes killing him.
     5. After casting some spells, it is possible to be in this situation,
"OK, I still have 3 second power spells, and 1 third power spells, but I
cannot cast any more first power spells."  If you are still capable of
casting these higher power spells, why cannot you cast a relatively simple
first power spell?

My Solution?
     1. Treat casting magic more as a skill (roll on a d20).
     2. Make casting magic subject to spell failure.
     3. Rework how spells are memorized.
     4. Allow spells to be cast on the fly.


                    MAIN CHANGES

     There are differences with my system when compared to other systems. 
The first is that spells are not memorized in the typical manner.  Instead
of having a group of spells that the magus is allowed to cast from, a
magus can cast any spell.  Accompanying this this is that a magus must
either read a spell from his spell book while casting a spell, or incure a
penalty.  In general, most adventuring magi will not have spell books with
them (and just incure the penalty).

The next major change is that spells generally only have two
components, verbal and somatic components.  A big change is that it is
possible to cast spells without components (with a penalty).  In the few
cases that a material component is required (ex - a sword for "enchant an
item"), the component may not be removed.


                    SPELL BOOKS

     When casting spells, a magus must either cast the spell directly from
the book, or suffer a penalty of -5 (except for cantrips, which don't
need a spell book).  The problem is that spell books are very expensive,
and reading a book in the middle of combat is very risky (some would say
foolish).  For this reason, spell books are almost always used only for
ritual spells, and almost no magus will actually carry his spell book
around with him while he travels.

To make a spell book, the magus must first buy (probably have made) a
book of exceptional quality.  The pages of the spell book are generally
made of the highest quality, with the binding being made to last. 
Needless to say the pages have to be secured well; typically being sown
in, and then glued.  For the actual scribing of spells, a very high
quality ink must be used (ie - expensive).  A spell book (ink, pen, and
book) will generally cost around 1000 GP to 2000 GP.  Due to the high cost
of spell books, beginning magi generally don't start with a book.

For each spell in a spell book, there are two sections.  The first
section is a short description of the spell.  The second part describes
how that specific magus casts the spell.  Although it is written in the
magus's native language, a person that is not a spell caster reading the
second part will think he is reading gibberish (ie - a normal person
reading a book on advanced quantum physics).  A spell book is very
individual to a magus, and is therefore of only limited benefit to other
magi.  The first and most obvious use of a spell book to other magi, is
the discovery of new ideas for spells.  The second is that it will reduce
the time for inscribing a spell into the spell book of the other magus. 
The time for inscribing will be reduced from 2 hours per page to only one
hour per page (with spells requiring 1 page per power spell).  The reason
for this is that most of time spent inscribing a spell is used in finding
the right words to describe how that particular magus casts his spell.  By
being able to compare, another magus can often find similarities, and
therefore reduce the time for inscribing a spell.


                    SPECIALIZING IN SPELLS

     A magus can specialize in one spell per level.  This can be increased
by 1 for every 3 proficiency slot devoted toward "spell specialization". 
For example, by spending two proficiency slots a magus can now specialize
in 5 spells every 3 levels.  These spells are permanently specialized.  In
other words, it can never be changed.  While this is a drawback, it is
also beneficial in that it can never be forgotten.  In specializing there
are two requirements:
     1. The magus must be of minimum level for the power of the spell:
          SPELL POWER     MINIMUM LEVEL OF MAGUS    MINIMUM LEVEL OF BARD
            Cantrip                 0                          0
               1                    1                          2
               2                    3                          4
               3                    5                          7
               4                    7                         10
               5                    9                         13
               6                   12                         16
               7                   14
               8                   16
               9                   18
              10 (for darksun)     20

     2. It is necessary to have an equal number of spells specialized in
the spell power below the spell power being memorized (not counting cantrip
power spells).

example - Maximal is a fifth level magus who has never spent any extra
proficiencies for specializing in spells.  At this point in his life, he
has specialized with two first power spells and two second power spells. 
He can either specialize with a 1st or 3rd power spell.  In order for him
to specialize in another second power spell, he must first memorize
another first power spell. 

example - Media is a sixth level magus who has spent 1 proficiency for
specializing in spells.  Because of this she can specialize in a total of
eight spells (1 per level + 1 every three levels).  At this point she has
specialized in three first power spells three second power spells, and one
third power level spells, leaving one more spell to be specialized.  At
this point she can specialize in a 1st, or a 3rd power spell.  She cannot
specialize in a second power spell until she specializes in another first
power spell.  And she cannot specialize in a forth power spell until she
reaches seventh level.

The effects of specialization is very beneficial to a magus.  When
specializing with a spell a magus gains a +3 bonus with that spell.  A
magus can further specialize in the spell, with each further degree of
specialization granting an additional +3 bonus.

example - Maximal has a normal chance of 14 in 20 in casting a third power
level spells. While in the midst of an ambush he casts a spell, and cannot
use his spell book.  Because he is not using his spell book he suffers a
-5 penalty.  This results in his only having an 9 in 20 chance of
successfully casting the spell. 

example - Media on the other hand has specialized in "lightning bolt". 
She has a base chance of 16 in 20 in casting third level spells.  In this
spell however, she has a bonus of +3, for a total of 19 in 20.  However
since she also cannot use her spell book, she suffers a -5 penalty, which
lowers her back to an 14 in 20 chance of success in casting the spell.


                    MAXIMUM NUMBER OF SPELLS PER DAY

     In general, there is no upper limit to the number of spells, but there is
a limit to the total spell power that a magus can use in a day.  This
limit is equal to: [ (intelligence+constitution) / 6 ] * Level.  This
number can be exceeded, but it is not easy.  For every point of spell
power cast above this limit the magus suffers a -1 to his spell casting. 
For example - a generic magus can cast 12 points of spell power each day,
and has used all of this today.  Now he needs to cast a 1st power spell. 
This will be cast at a -1.  Now he needs to cast a 2nd power spell (also
in the same day).  This will be at a -3 (1+2).  Now he needs to cast
another 1st power spell.  This will be at a -4 (1+2+1).


                    BASE CHANCE FOR SUCCESS

     There are two main factors for a characters base chance to cast a
spell. These are the characters intelligence, and the race of the
character.  To find a characters base chance to cast a spell, simply add
these two factors.  This base chance to cast a spell is modified by many
factors during actual casting.

     1. Intelligence - It is important to ignore "maximum spell level" on
the intelligence chart in the PHB.  The intelligence of a character does
not limit what level spell he may cast. However, lower intelligence
characters are advised not to cast high level spells, as their chance is
lower, and failures can be catastrophic.  The base chance of success is
equal to the casters intelligence. 

     2.  Race - The race of the caster is important.  Some races are naturally
inclined toward magic, such as the elf, while other races are naturally
inclined away from magic, such as the dwarf.  For races not listed the DM
should decide the appropriate modifier (ranging from +5 to -5).

          Very magically resistant (dwarf)                                - 4
          Magically resistant (gnome and halfling)                        - 2
          Average (human)                                                +- 0
          Magically Apt (half-elf)                                       +  1
          Very Magically apt (elf)                                       +  2

example - In the case of Maximal the dwarf.  He has an 18 intelligence,
which gives him a base chance of 18 in 20 in his casting of spells. 
Because he is a dwarf, he has a penalty of -4 in his casting.  Therefore,
he has an overall base chance of successfully casting a spell of 14 in 20.

example - In the case of Media the human.  She has a 15 intelligence,
which gives her a base chance of 15 in 20 in her casting of spells. 
Because she is human, she has no racial modifier.  Therefore, she
maintains a 15 in 20 base chance for success.


                    BASIC MODIFIERS

     1.  Level - The basic modifier for casting a spell is directly
dependent upon both the level of the caster, and the power of the spell. 
To find the bonus/penalty, first find the difference between the magi's
level, and the minimum caster level required for the spell.  If the number
is positive (caster higher than the minimum), then this number is a bonus. 
If the number is a negative, multiply the number by three, and this is the
penalty for the spell.  Being that this will only change when the caster
changes level, this can be recorded on the character sheet.

example - Maximal (5th) - is casting a 2nd level spell.  Because he is two
levels higher than needed, he gains a +2 to his roll.

example - Media (6th) - is casting a 6th level spell.  Because she is 5
levels lower than needed, she suffers a -15 to her roll (-5*3).

     2.  Previous Injury - To begin with, this should only be used if
other classes are also being penalized for being hurt. - Casting spells
require concentration. Whenever a character has been injured, it becomes
harder to concentrate, and is therefore harder to cast spells.  This
modifier is for the total amount of damage taken (previous, and in the
current round before casting).
          Below 75 % of starting hit points                               - 1
          Below 50 % of starting hit points                               - 3
          Below 25 % of starting hit points                               - 5
          Below  0 % of starting hit points                    wuhahahahahaha

     3.  Hit While casting.  This is when the caster is hit before casting the
spell.  In "time" terms, if the caster is hit before he started casting,
then he does not have to cast the spell (he can still proceed, but he will
suffer the penalty).  If the caster is hit while casting, then he is in
trouble, for he cannot stop.
          Taken damage during segments of casting                         - 5

example - Maximal normal has a total of 16 hit points, but he was injured
in an earlier battle so that he now only has 9 hit points.  Since he still
has more than 50% of his starting hit points, but less than 75% of his
starting hit points, he suffers a penalty of -1 to chance of successfully
casting spells.

example - Media normally has a total of 24 hit points, and is not injured. 
While casting a spell, she is hit for 19 hit points of damage, bringing
her down to only 5 hit points.  Because she has less than 25% of her
starting hit points, she suffers a penalty of -5.  In addition to this she
receives another penalty of -5 because she was hit while casting the
spell.  Therefore she suffers a total penalty of -10.

     4.  Specialization - Magi can specialize in different schools of
magic.  With every specialized school (where you receive bonuses), there
are opposition schools (where you receive penalties).  There are eight main
schools of magic.
               SCHOOL               OPPOSITION SCHOOL
          abjuration           invocation / evocation
          alteration           conjuration / summoning
          illusion             greater divination
          necromancy           enchantment / charm

A magus may specialize in his first school whenever desired, thereafter he
may specialize in one more school (or further specialize in the current
school) every 3 levels.  Because there are eight schools, it is possible
to specialize in up to four different schools, and therefore have four
opposition schools.  It is also possible to develop multiple degrees of
specialization with a school (specializing more than once in a school). 
In this situation, the character will receive multiple bonuses in the
specialized school, and multiple penalties in the opposition school.

To stop being specialized in a school, the caster must "specialize"
in the opposition school.  This effectively cancels the effects of the
previous specialization.  For example, if a magus specialized in illusion
at first level and decided he does not want to be specialized, at forth
level he would "specialize" in greater divination the opposition school of
illusion).  At this point he is effectively not specialized in any school. 
When he reaches seventh level he is again able to specialize in a school. 

          Benefits for each degree of specialization
1. +2 on casting spells in specialized school
2. caster has a +1 to his saves versus spells from his specialized school.
3. opponent has a -1 to his saves versus the casters specialized school

          Penalties for each degree of specialization
1. -2 on casting spells in opposition school
2. caster has a -1 to his saves versus spells from his opposition school
3. opponent has a +1 to his saves versus the casters opposition school


     5.  Fatigue - The act of casting magic is draining.  After casting
spells, it gets harder and harder to cast more spells.  Because of this,
when a magus casts a spell (whether it is successful or not), two times
the spell power of the spell is added to a running total which is called
"Total Power Used" (TPU) (ex- a 1st power spell adds 2 to the TPU, while a
3rd power spell adds 6 to the TPU).  Count cantrips as 1/2 of a 1st level
spell (adding 1 to the TPU).  This number is used to determine the penalty
due to fatigue that the caster must suffer.
          Fatigue Penalty                                         - 1 per TPU

The penalty is being reduced at a constant rate in relation to the level
of the caster.  The penalty is lowered at a rate of 1/5 his level per
round.  Therefore a first level magus can cast a first power spell every
ten rounds with no penalty, while a fifth level magus can cast a first
power spell once every other round with no penalty.


                    IMPROVISATION

I have a whole section for these modifiers, because they are central
to my system.  I believe in a flexibility to magic.  I envision magi being
able to casting spells on the fly, without having to consult a spell book
all the time (my hero is Pug, who became Milamber in the Riftwar Saga).

     1.  New Spell - Magi typically study spells before they try to cast
them. However, it is possible to cast a spell "on the fly".  This means
that it is possible to cast an original spell on the spot if it is needed. 
Needless to say, there is a penalty involved.
          Has never cast the spell before                                 - 5 

It is possible to reduce this penalty.  This can be done in two ways.  The
first way is through successful casting of the spell in question.  For
every time the spell is successfully cast, the penalty is reduced by 1. 
This means that after 5 successful castings, the penalty is totally reduced.

The second way of reducing the penalty involves practicing the spell over a
period of time.  For every five weeks of practice, the penalty is reduced
by 1.  This means that to totally reduce the penalty will take 25 weeks. 
Note that only one spell may be "being studied" at any given time.

While the second method may take longer, it has the advantage of there
being no chance of spell failure and possible backlash.  In both cases, if
the spell is of a power level that a magus cannot normally memorize ( the
magus is not of the minimum level for the power of the spell), then the
reduction takes twice as long.  Therefore for each successful casting the
penalty is only reduced by .5, and it takes ten weeks of practice to
reduce the penalty by 1.

     2.  Casting a spell without a spell book - Although this is
categorized as a penalty, it is actually the norm.  Spell books are most
often used in ritual spells.  The only thing which the spell book contains
is detailed instructions on how a particular caster casts a spell.
          Attempting a spell without the spell book		           - 5

     3.  Removing Components - All spells have up to two components,
verbal and somatic.  The purpose of verbal and somatic components are to
make casting spells easier by helping to direct the magical energy.  While
they are useful, it is also possible to cast spells without them (at a
penalty).  Note that some spells only have one component (all cantrips).
          For each spell component removed                                - 5

Spells occasionally have a material components for spells which require
them as the object of the spell ( ex - a sword for "enchant and item"). 
If a material component is required, it may never be removed.  To do so
would constitute a new spell.

example - Maximal has been hit by a silence spell, and cannot use verbal
components.  But, he needs to cast a spell.  Therefore he accepts the
penalty and tries to cast the third level spell with no verbal components
at a penalty of -5.  In addition he is not using a spell book, and so
suffers a penalty of -5, and no modifier due to the level of the spell. 
Giving him a 4 in 20 chance (ouch).

example - Media has been tied to a chair and gagged. Luckily she is still
conscious, though down to less than 50% of her starting hit points. 
Trying to improvise a spell, she "invents" the first (?) level spell untie
(upgrade of cantrip "untie").  Let's add up the penalties.  First, she is
at less than half her hit points, giving a penalty of -3.  Next, she is
casting a spell without a spell book, for an additional penalty of only
-5.  She is not using either component for an additional -10 penalty
(assuming two components).  Because she is inventing the spell she
receives a -5 penalty.  This results in a total penalty of only -23. She
gets a bonus of +5 due to the level of the spell, and an additional +4
because she is double specialized in the school of the spell, for an
overall chance of 1 in 20.  If this spell only has one component
(probably), she will have a 6 in 20 chance of successfully casting the
spell.


               OPTIONAL MODIFIERS / DM DEPENDENT

     1.  Personal Sacrifice - By infusing magic with the casters
own life-force, it is possible to improve the chances of successfully
casting a spell.  This can be done in one of two ways:
          Per attribute point lost during casting           + 5 / Spell Power
          Per hit point lost during casting                 + 2 / Spell Power
               - this is +5/+2 divided by the power level of the spell.

In the case of losing attribute points, points may come from either
Strength, Constitution, or Comeliness (d3).  A character recovers these
lost attribute points with time.  The time taken to recover lost points is
equal to 2d6-2 weeks plus 2d4-1 days for each attribute point lost (range
of 1 day to 11 weeks, with 5 weeks 4 days average).

Lost hit points are recovered normally through either time, or magical
healing.  The only difference is that they can not be restored with use of
the healing proficiency, as there are no wounds. 

     2.  Object Sacrifice - E=mc2.  As mass can be converted to energy, so
can mass be converted to magical energy.  In almost all cases this
modifier is only used in ritual magic.  The only exception to this is if
the sacrifice is prepared (such as grinding a diamond).
          Per 500 GP of gems / minerals                                   +1
          Proper plants / herbs / incense burned                  + up to DM
          Magical Items: Good                              +1 to +10 or more
                         Cursed                            -1 to -10 or more

In the case of magical items.  This is tricky.  In general, a +1 item
would get a +2 bonus, while a +5 item would get a +10 bonus, and the same
penalties for cursed items.  It gets tricky when dealing with special
items such as frost blades.  The power of the item should be an overall
"+" and assigned a bonus with that.  Another problem is with priest/magi. 
With these hybrids it is possible to get a bonus for sacrificing cursed
items or evil items.  This is purely up to the specific myths and
therefore up to the DM.

     3.  Creature Sacrifice - " and in the entrails of this goat I read
your future...." Creature sacrifice can be handy with both, and only,
necromantic spells and divination spells.
          Animal                              + 2 per hit die / spell power
          Human                               + 3 per hit die / spell power

In the case of sacrificing humans.  This is widely accepted as evil.  It
is wholly within a DM's right to have alignment shifts because of this. 
In addition, gods don't like their devote followers being sacrificed (gets
tricky when the person making the sacrifice is a priest/magus of an evil god).

     4.  Other aid - Again this is very campaign / DM dependent
          Bound spirit / elemental       
                    appropriate spell:        + 2 per hit die / spell power
                    opposition spell:         - 1 per hit die / spell power
							or
                    appropriate spell:        + 1 per hit die / spell power

This is my answer to a shaman and his totem, and the magus who binds
something to help him use magic.  In any case, a magus can only have one
bound creature at a time.  The creature/spirit must have power appropriate
for the spell (fire elemental for a fireball).  In addition the caster
will receive a penalty of -1 per hit die for spells of the opposite nature
of the bound creature/spirit (ice spells, when having a fire elemental
bound).  For creatures that have no opposite effect, then the caster only
receives +1 per hit die of creature/spirit.

     5.  World Specific - In many campaign worlds there are "hot" spots and
"cold" spots for magic.
          Magic enhancing areas                                    +1 to +10
          Magic repressing areas                                   -1 to -10

This can be for any reason.  Examples include: fairy lands, god war
fallout, and church influence. 


                    SPECIAL SITUATIONS (optional rules)

     1.  Armor - While it is frowned upon, armor can be worn by magi. 
However, there is a penalty for wearing armor.  The penalty for armor is
equal to the protection that the armor provides (not including magical
protection.  Therefore, chain mail would give a -5 penalty, while full
plate would be a -9 penalty.  Elven chain is up to the discretion of the
DM (a -2 or -3 penalty is suggested).

     2.  Multiple Spells - While not easy, it is possible to cast more
than one spell in a given round.  There are two guidelines: the total
"casting time" may not exceed "10", and the total "spell power" may not
exceed "9".  In addition to this there are penalties involved.  The first
spell is cast as normal.  The second spell is cast as if it were 1 level
higher (counts only for difficulty and fatigue).  The third spell is cast
as if it were two levels higher.  The forth as if it were three levels
higher, etc.


     3.  Counter Spells - "Grander the Black prepares to cast 'finger of
death' at the paladin hero Frontier the pure, in an effort to save her,
Greenmail the White tries to counter Grander's spell." While not easy, it
can be done.  There are guidelines and penalties.  The guidelines are that
you must be in eyesight of the magus casting the spell, and you must be
within range of the spell (touch the other magus if the range is touch, or
be within 10 yd's if the other magus is casting 'fire charm', etc.).  The
penalty is that the spell is considered one level higher.  For example, to
counter a 'magic missile' will require you to succeed as if you were
casting a 2nd power spell.  All bonuses and penalties apply.  Therefore if
you did not know magic missile then you would suffer a -5 penalty (for
improvising a spell) to counter it, while on the other hand, if you were
specialized in 'magic missile' then you will receive that bonus in your
efforts to counter it.  There is one additional guideline, the origional
casting magus must be using at least one component (otherwise you have no
idea what he is casting), unless there is some other means of knowing what
the magus is casting (such as ESP).

     4.  Maintaining Spells - A lot of spells have a duration.  Instead of
letting that duration run out, magi can maintain the spell.  To do this,
the player must modify his magus's regeneration time for fatigue to
represent the burden of the maintenance.  There are two restrictions.  The
first is that the regeneration rate for fatigue must always be greater
than or equal to zero.  The second is that the magus must be at least the
minimum level for the spell.  In addition there is a penalty to the
casting of spells while the spells are being maintained.  The penalty is
equal to the total penalties to the magus's regeneration rate times 5.

     x/5               =     Standard regeneration rate, with X equaling
                            the magus's level

     (2*L)/y           =     penalty to regeneration rate, with y equaling the
                            duration of the spell in rounds, and 2L being 2
                            times the power of the spell

     x/5 - (2*L)/5     =     Modified regeneration rate

For example - a 2nd level magus has a regeneration rate of 2/5, he wants
to have 'comprehend languages'(1st) maintained.  Comprehend languages has
a duration of 10 rounds.  After successfully casting each spell, the
player now changes the magus's regeneration rate for fatigue:

     Modified regeneration rate 	= 2/5 - 2/10
                                        = 2/5 - 1/5
                                        = 1/5

     Penalty to casting spells          = 2/10 * -5
                                        = 2/2 = -1 penalty to casting spells


     5.  Music - Traditionally used by the bard, but can be used by any
spell caster.  What you doing is casting your spells through music.  The
effect is as follows: 1. automatically receive -10 for not using somatic
or verbal components, 2. gain +1 for every point your music skill is above
10, 3. remember that a silence spell will ruin this ability.


                    Dealing with NPC's

For simplicity sake consider all spells said as being in the NPC's
spell book to be 'known spells' for the NPC.  Those spells which are said
to be typically in memory consider to be specialize spells. 


                    THE RESULTS

After adding up all the modifiers, it is time to roll ( lower or equal to
your "roll needed").  Now consult THE TABLE.  Note that a 1 does not
guarantee success, and a 20 does not guarantee failure. 

THE TABLE OF RESULTS

     Category          Roll                    Result     Bad*     Good**
Serious Failure     20 more than wanted     spell fails     + 3
Medium  Failure     15 more than wanted     spell fails     + 2
Light Failure       10 more than wanted     spell fails     + 1
Normal Failure      Missed                  spell fails       0
Normal Success      Score needed            spell works                 0
Light Success       10 less than needed     spell works               + 1
Medium Success      15 less than needed     spell works               + 2
Serious Success     20 less than needed     spell works               + 3

*	This is how many times you roll on the "bad" table.
**	This is how many times you roll on the "good" table.


Example - Die rolls needed for different chance to succeeds

     Category     10 in 20     15 in 20     -10 in 20     22 in 20
Serious Failure     ----         ----        11 -- 20       ----
Medium Failure      ----         ----         6 -- 10       ----
Light Failure       ----         ----         1 --  5       ----
Failure           11 -- 20     16 -- 20        ----         ----
Success           10 --  1     15 --  6        ----       20 -- 14
Light Success       ----        5 --  0        ----       13 --  9
Medium Success      ----         ----          ----        8 --  4
Serious Success     ----         ----          ----        3 --  0


                    BONUS TABLE

     Roll a d6 on this table as many times as indicated on the success
category.  If the result is not applicable, reroll.  A result which is not
applicable is one which is not possible with a specific spell.  An example
being: double duration, with a spell with an instantaneous duration. 
There are two columns.  The first column is labeled "Cat." (short for
Category), this is the number rolled on the d6.  The second number is
labeled "TR." (short for Times Rolled), this is how many times you have
rolled that specific "category".  For example, you cast a fireball and
rolled a serious success.  On your first roll of the d6, you roll a 2,
since this is the first time you have rolled the category, you follow it
over to the result of "maximum damage", the next roll, you roll a 3,
indicating a double duration.  Since this result is not applicable, you
reroll.  This time rolling a 1, "gain back d6 hit points per spell level". 
Although this may seem a strange result, it is applicable and so you gain
3d6 hit points.  For the final roll, you again roll a 1.  Since you have
rolled this before, you look under 2, on the "times rolled" column.  Here
you see a "(+1)".  This means to also use the result from "1" on the
"times rolled" column.  In this case it means that you gain the 3d6 and
also gain 1d6 for the next 3 rounds.  If there isn't the "(+1)" after the
"2" on the "times rolled" then you only use the effect for "2" and not the
effect for "1".  Note that there are only two "times rolled" for each
category, this means that if you roll a category three times you must
reroll once. 

Cat.     TR.                Effect

1        1          gain d6 hit points per spell power
         2 (+1)     gain 1d6 hit points per round for "spell power" rounds
-count the extra hit points as temporary hit points, which are
subtracted first when the caster is hit.  These extra hit points will last
until used or 24 hours have past. 

2        1          maximum damage with the spell
         2          double maximum damage with the spell - definitely a deadly
combination.  In the case that this is a healing spell (I have seen magus
versions), the effects are maximum healing, and double maximum healing

3        1          spell lasts for double the duration
         2          spell lasts for quadruple the duration 
- obviously if this spell is instantaneous, then this result is not
applicable. 

4        1          -5 to save
         2          -10 to save
- this only applies to spells that give an opponent a saving throw

5        1          double the recovery rate for fatigue
         2          quadruple the recovery rate for fatigue
- this result only effects the next round of recovery. 

6        1          double the number of creatures / hit die of creature
                     affected
         2 (+1)     double the maximum level of creatures affected 
- maybe the best example of where this would be used is with the sleep
spell.  Upon the first roll instead of 2d4 hit die of creatures affected, 2
* 2d4 hit die of creatures are affected.  With the second roll, instead of
a maximum level of creatures being affected being 4+3, it changes to 9.

                    BAD TABLE

     Mostly the same as the bonus table, but roll a d8 instead of a d6. 
The philosophy behind this table is that when you screw up a spell, the
energy still goes somewhere.  As the energy is controlled improperly, it
can have some weird effects on your body and on the surrounding terrain.

Cat.     Tr.               Effects
1        1          Backfire, caster takes 1d6 hit points of damage per spell
                     power
         2 (+1)     Caster bursts into flames, taking 1d6 hit points per round
                     until the fire is put out

2        1          double fatigue from the spell
         2 (+1)     no fatigue regained this round 

3        1          caster becomes ethereal for "spell power" minutes
         2          caster becomes ethereal for "spell power" hours
         3          caster becomes ethereal for "spell power" days

4        1          caster polymorphs into another PC race for "spell power"
                     hours
         2          caster polymorphs into another PC race for "spell power"
                     days 
         3          caster polymorphs into another PC race for "spell power"
                     months 
- caster changes race/sex each dawn for the duration

5        1          storm arises for "spell power" minutes
         2          storm arises for "spell power" hours
         3          storm arises for "spell power" days
- hinders movement, combat, etc.

6        1          caster is stricken deaf for "spell power" hours
         2          caster is stricken deaf for "spell power" days
         3          caster is stricken deaf for "spell power" months

7        1          caster falls into a coma for "spell power" hours
         2          caster falls into a coma for "spell power" days
         3          caster falls into a coma for "spell power" months
- brain fry, but the character doesn't need food, how odd.

8        1          casters secondary hand is broken, using somatic
                     components in spells is impossible.
         2          casters primary hand is broken, using somatic
                     components in spells is impossible, can only wield
                     weapons in the secondary hand
         3          both of casters hands broken, no weapons, and no somatic
                     components
- ouch, heals normally, by time or spell.


------------------


                    SUMMARY

     Scores that almost never change - can just keep on record sheet
		
-----Permanent-----

Intelligence                                                            +Int. 
Race (races range from -5 to +5)
     Very magically resistant (dwarf)					  -4
     Magically resistant (gnome, halfling)                                -2
     Average                                                               0
     Magically Apt (half-elf)                                             +1
     Very Magically apt (elf)                                             +2

-----Situation---
Casting a spell without a spell book                                      -5
For each component removed                                                -5
Has never cast spell before                                               -5
Hit during segments of casting                                            -5
Injured (optional)
     below 75 % of hit points                                             -1
     below 50 % of hit points                                             -3
     below 25 % of hit points                                             -5
Per degree of specialization in a school
     Specialized school                                                   +2
     Opposition school                                                    -2
Per degree of specialization in a spell                                   +3

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

               Scores that only change due to the: power level of the
spell, or the level of the caster

SPELL POWER             REQUIRED MAGI LEVEL             REQUIRED BARD LEVEL
  Cantrip                        0                               0
     1                           1                               2
     2                           3                               4
     3                           5                               7      
     4                           7                              10
     5                           9                              13
     6                          12                              16
     7                          14
     8                          16
     9                          18
    10                          20

Level of Caster/Spell                              difference in caster level,
                                                   and required level
                                                   (multiply penalty by 3)


                    MISCELLANEOUS (didn't really fit in the other sections)

Fatigue
     Total spell levels cast		                            -1 per TPU  
                                                  (tpu = 2 * spell power cast)
     Penalty reduction per round                           -1/5 * caster level





                    VERY DM DEPENDENT

-----World Specific-----

Magical areas
     Magical Enhancing areas                                        +1 to +10
     Magical Repressing Areas                                       -1 to -10

-----Personal Sacrifice-----

Hit points lost during casting                               +2 / Spell Power
Per attribute point lost during casting                      +5 / Spell Power

-----Object Sacrifice-----

Mineral, per 500 GP value                                                  +1
Plant, of religious/spiritual importance                            +up to DM 
Magical item   Good                                         +1 to +10 or more
               Cursed                                       -1 to -10 or more

-----Creature Sacrifice-----Necromantic/Divination Spells only

Animal                                           +2 per hit die / spell power
Human                                            +3 per hit die / spell power

-----Other Aid-----

Bound spirit / elemental      appropriate spell: +2 per hit die / spell power
                              opposition spell:  -1 per hit die / spell power
                                                  or
                              appropriate spell: +1 per hit die / spell power
