                      ALTERNATIVE W.W.F. WRESTLING


INTRODUCTION

     Wrestling is the most basic of combat skills, unknowingly
practiced by almost all children as they rough and tumble with each
other. Thus all characters, regardless of class, are assumed to be
somewhat proficient in wrestling.
     Wrestling is composed of three basic maneuvers: strikes, holds,
high impact maneuvers. Strikes are used to cause quick damage to the
opponent. Holds will wear down an opponent if the hold can be
maintained. High impact maneuvers are devastating to the opponent if
successful, but they can backfire doing more harm then good to the
wrestler.

COMBAT

     When wrestling, a normal attack roll is made. The normal Armor
Class of the target is used. If a character is attempting to wrestle in
armor, the modifiers on Table 1 are used (these are penalties to the
attacker's attack roll).  Normal modifiers to the attack roll are also
applied.


TABLE 1: ARMOR MODIFIERS FOR WRESTLING

Armor                              Modifiers
Studded leather                       -1
Chain, ring, scale mail               -2
Banded, splint, and plate mail        -5
Field plate armor                     -8
Full plate armor                     -10


     Penalties for being held or attacking a held opponent do not apply
to wrestlers. Wrestling involves a lot of holding and twisting as it
is, and the damage resolution system for wrestling takes this into
account.
     A wrestler has the option of pulling back his attack thus causing
no damage.




STRIKES

     A strike is the first maneuver a wrestler must make. The wrestler
only needs to make a successful attack roll. If the attack roll is
successful, consult Table 2 to find the resulting strike.
     A wrestler can strike an opponent at anytime during a
confrontation.

HOLDS

     Prior to a hold, a successful strike during any previous round
must be accomplished. If this is the case, then a wrestler may attempt
a hold.
     A wrestler needs to make a successful attack roll to get the
opponent in a hold. If the attack roll is successful, consult Table 3
to find the resulting hold.
     A hold is maintained from round to round, unless broken.  An
opponent can break a holds when his attack turn comes. To break the
hold, he uses 1d20 and must roll the broken-hold score or below to
break it.

Broken-Hold Score = Wrestler's Str. - Defender's Str. + 10

If the hold is broken, then the victim is allowed his attack. If the
hold is not broken, then the hold is maintained.
     A hold causes cumulative damage for each round held.  For example,
an Arm Bar held for six rounds would inflict 10.5 points of damage (
0.5 + 1.0 + 1.5 + 2.0 +2.5 + 3.0).  Furthermore, a Bear Hug maintained
for three rounds would inflict 12 points of damage (2 + 4 + 6).
     As an optional rule for breaking a hold, the GM may allow
strength-roll rules described in the "grab" maneuver.

HIGH IMPACT MANEUVERS

     Prior to a high impact maneuver, a successful hold during any
previous round must be accomplished. If this is the case, then a
wrestler may attempt a high impact maneuver.
     A wrestler needs to make a successful attack roll to get the
opponent set up for a high impact maneuver. If the attack roll is
successful, the wrestler must roll the high impact success score or
below using percentile dice.

High Impact   = 50 + Wrestler's - Defender's  + 1 for every Success
   Score             Dexterity    Dexterity     rd. wrestled

     If successful, roll 1d20 and consult Table 4 for the resulting
high impact maneuver. The move causes 1d6 + strength bonuses damage.
For a failed high impact maneuver, the wrestler suffer's 1d2.

WRESTLING SPECIALIZATION

     Because everyone has a certain knowledge of wrestling, everyone
can be considered to have a "weapon proficiency".  Therefore, a player
must devote only one weapon proficiency slot to the technique to
specialize. Any character of any class can specialize in wrestling.
Although other rules may state otherwise, any character of any class
can specialize in wrestling in connection with a specialization in
punching or martial arts.
     When a character specializes in wrestling, he gains the following
benefits:

     - He gains a +1 bonus to all his attack rolls with wrestling.

     - He gains a +1 bonus to all damage rolls for a successful high
impact maneuver.

     - He gains a +1 chart bonus with all wrestling attacks.  The chart
bonus is a reflection of the character's superior accuracy with
wrestling. As already known, when the character successfully hits, the
roll itself determines which maneuver was used. But the specialist can
modify the result. With the +1 chart bonus, he can choose the maneuver
one higher or one lower on the chart.

     - He gets to choose a strike, hold, and high impact maneuver that
becomes his own personal attacks. When his personal attacks are rolled,
double damage occurs.

CONTINUING SPECIALIZATION

    Although other rules may state otherwise, any character of any
class may continue to devote slots to wrestling. For every additional
slot devoted, the wrestler gets the following benefits:

     - He gains an additional +1 bonus to all his attack rolls with
wrestling.

     - He gains an additional +1 bonus to all damage rolls for a
successful high impact maneuver.

     - He gains an additional +1 chart bonus with all wrestling
attacks.

PUNCHING AND MARTIAL ARTS

     A character has the option of substituting punching or martial
arts for the wrestling strikes. Furthermore, if the wrestler is
specialized in punching or martial arts, he has the same option of
substituting that technique or the wrestling strikes.
CALLED SHOTS

     A wrestler can take a called shot in order to choose the specific
wrestler maneuver he wants. He suffers the usual +1 to intuitive. For
strikes and holds, he suffers a -4 to hit.  For high impact maneuvers,
he suffers a -8 to hit.

DISARM

     It's possible for a barehanded fighter to disarm an armed
opponent, but it's dangerous. When so trying, the fighter's AC suffers
a penalty of 2 (for example, a 5 becomes a 7), and his disarm attempt
is at an additional -4 to hit.  But if it hits, it's just as successful
as any other disarm.


TABLE 2: STRIKE RESULTS

Attack Roll    Strike              Damage

    20+        Hair Pull             1
    19         Chop                  1*
    18         Kick                  1*
    17         Arm Drag              1
    16         Hip Toss              1
    15         Arm Twist             1*
    14         Boot-To-Gut           1*
    13         Snap Mare             1
    12         Knee Lift             1*
    11         Fore Arm Smash        1*
    10         Elbow Smash           2*
     9         Head Butt             2
     8         Knee Smash            2*
     7         Double-Axe Handle     2*
     6         Spin Kick             2*
     5         Knee Drop             2
     4         Pole Arm              2*
     3         Eye Gouge             2
     2         Minotaur Charge       2*
     1-        Drop Kick             2

* plus strength bonuses


TABLE 3: HOLD RESULTS

Attack Roll    Hold                Damage

    20+        Finger Lock          0.5
    19         Waist Lock           0.5
    18         Chin Lock            0.5
    17         Head Lock            0.5
    16         Arm Bar              0.5
    15         Arm Stretcher        1.0
    14         Choke Hold           1.0
    13         Body Scissors        1.0
    12         Hammer Lock          1.0
    11         Figure-Four Arm Bar  1.0
    10         Spinning Toe Hold    1.5
     9         Head Scissors        1.5
     8         Nerve Pinch          1.5
     7         Stomach Claw         1.5
     6         Chicken Wing         1.5
     5         Bear Hug             2.0
     4         Brain Claw           2.0
     3         Sleeper Hold         2.0
     2         Full Nelson          2.0
     1-        Greyhawk Crab        2.0





TABLE 4: HIGH IMPACT MANEUVER RESULTS

Die Roll     High Impact Maneuver

  20         Axe Bomber
  19         Back Breaker
  18         Belly-To-Belly Suplex
  17         Body Slam
  16         Brain Buster
  15         Centaur Clutch
  14         Cobra Clutch
  13         D.D.T.
  12         Elemental Spine Crusher
  11         Figure-Four Leg Lock
  10         Flying Elbow Drop
   9         Flying Moon Sault
   8         Frankensteiner
   7         Pow Driver
   6         Power Bomb
   5         Power Slam
   4         Scorpion Death Lock
   3         Spinning Neck Breaker
   2         Suplex
   1         Torcher Rack
