
THE CHURCH OF EUTHANASIA NEEDS *YOU* TO WAR-MAIL THE WHITEHOUSE!

On Dec. 1 a psychologist attending the AIDS conference in New York asked
surgeon general Dr. Joycelyn Elders what the prospects were for "a more
explicit discussion and promotion of masturbation" as a means to limit the
spread of the virus.  According to the New York Times, Dr. Elders described
herself as "a very strong advocate of sex education," and further replied that
"in regard to masturbation, I think that is something that is a part of human
sexuality and it's a part of something that should be taught."  On Dec. 9,
President Clinton forced Dr. Elders to resign, over an "incident" that his
chief of staff Leon E. Panetta described as "one too many."  Other "incidents"
include advocating the distribution of condoms in public schools.

According to AP, legislation is currently pending under which "schools that
distribute instructional materials or offer counseling services portraying
homosexuality as an acceptable lifestyle or that refer students to gay
organizations for counseling could lose their federal funds."  We are
witnessing a dramatic shift to the right in the United States, led by
President Clinton just as much as Newt Gingrich.  Sensible adult discussion
of human sexuality is becoming taboo in Washington, and the results will be
devastating, not just for the prevention of AIDS and over-population, but
also for freedom of speech, privacy and other constitutional rights.

An independent survey conducted by Rev. Chris Korda of the Church of Euthanasia
concluded that the primary sexual activity of most Internet users is
MASTURBATION.  If you are an Internet user, the firing of Dr. Elders affects
YOU directly.  Dr. Elders was defending not only children's rights to be openly
taught about human sexuality, but also YOUR rights to openly discuss human
sexuality on the Internet.  Do not ignore this warning!  This is NOT someone
else's problem!  No matter who you are, no matter what your sexual orientation,
this is YOUR problem, because EVERYONE MASTURBATES!  DEFEND your rights, before
it is TOO LATE!  Send the enclosed letter to president@whitehouse.gov and make
sure everyone you know does it too!  By the time we get done Slick will wish
he'd never HEARD of Joycelyn Elders!

============================== snip here ==============================

Dear President Clinton,

Masturbation is one of the most important experiences in life.  It's one of the
first pleasurable things you can do for yourself, and the feelings it arouses
are essential in determining your sexuality.  There is no need to teach the
physical act of masturbation, because it is a fundamental instinct that we all
possess, but we do need to teach its cultural context; that masturbation is a
natural part of human sexuality, and that well adjusted people masturbate and
have good feelings about it.  Children don't have instincts about culture, and
it is much better for them to learn about masturbation in a controlled
environment than in the gutter, or not at all.  In the United States, the
surgeon general has the responsibility to talk about human sexuality in a
balanced, reasonable manner.  Dr. Joycelyn Elders was doing her job, and doing
it well, and she should be re-instated immediately.

Rev. Chris Korda
Sister Catherine
Pastor Kim
Pastor Scott

============================== snip here ==============================

Or if you're in a hurry just send the whole damn thing!  Several times!


