                        WELCOME ALL TO A NEW GENERATION
                                     OF
                                 ANARCHY!!!!     
                               PRESNTED BY HAA
                        HACKERS AND ANARCHISTS ANONYMOUS
                      THIS FILE WAS WRITTEN BY MR. GiMP

DISCLAIMER: I AM IN NO WAY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANYTHING THAT HAPPENS AS A RESULT
            OF USING OR DOING WHATEVER THIS FILE CONTAINS!!!!!!!

I have always tried to find the best anarchy file. I never could. I look for a 
file that has easy to make stuff that will not kill you or get you arrested. 
Since I cant find any I will write my own with knowledge that i have gotten 
from reading all those HPAV files. Sometimes ill throw in the big stuff for 
fun.

SMALL EXPLOSIVES

Take some M80's M70's whatever. Take all the gunpowder out of them. Put all
the gunpowder in a toilet paper roll, the little cardboard thing that the 
paper is wrapped around. Put wax at one end of the roll, let it harden. Now 
fill as much of the toilet paper roll as possible. Once you have used up as 
much of the roll as possible, wax the other end shut too. Now, when that wax
hardens also, poke a little hole in it. Slip the wick in and then you have a
small of large explosive, depending on how much gunpowder you used. Now light 
it and run your ass off.

FUN WITH FIREWORKS

1. If you have a bottle rocket or whistler you can do this. Take two bottle 
rockets(When I say bottle rockets I mean bottle rockets and whistlers.)
and set them aside. Now, make a paper airplane, a good one!!!! Tape the paper 
airplane to the two bottle rockets so that it is in between them. Now, light 
them both at the same time and watch them fly. Sometimes, if your lucky, the 
paper airplane will catch on fire and keep flying, this looks cool. 
2. Take anykind of fircracker and put a lot of stuff on it(nails, rocks,
etc... Depending on the amount of destruction that you want.) Place the 
firecracker in any place that you want. Now, put all of that crap on it. You
may want to get an extra long wick on it so that you have more time to run 
your ass off. When the firecracker goes off, all that shit will fly. Sometimes 
that stuff stays in the air for a long time. WATCH OUT!!! If this blows up in 
your face, its gonna hurt, a lot!!!

BREAKING INTO DEMO COMPUTERS AT STORES

If the comoputer at the store has a demo program to show the graphics and the
speed, etc... Then your in good luck. When the program is changing to a new 
screen, push control+Pause/Break very rapidly. It will bring you directly to 
DOS or whatever program is uses. This is a lot of fun to do if you want to 
delete everything or maybe change some stuff so that the computer wont sell. 
I did it once and formated the whole HD. It was a shit load of fun. You could
also try typing ATTRIB MSDOS.SYS +A and then deleting it. Do the same with
IO.SYS.. they'll just have to reformat, but its a more non-chalant way than
typing FORMAT C: /Q .. Have phun...


Written By MR. GiMP-HAA Prez


