                    I WANT THIS PAIN

                     by V.P. Viddler



     "Your nipples are hard, Ann."
     
     "I know."

     "They're really hard. I can see them practically pushing 
right through your dress."

     "I know."

     "Why is that, Ann?"

     "Because you're hurting me."

     "Oh? And what does that do to you, Ann?"

     "It turns me on."

     "My hurting you turns you on?"

     "You know it does. You know that. That's why you're doing 
it."

     "I'm just pulling your hair."

     "Yes. Pulling my hair."

     "That's all. Pulling your long soft brown hair. Like this."

     "Ah!"

     "Look at you, Ann. You love this pain, don't you?"

     "Yes. Yes."

     "Tell me about it."

     "Oh, you bastard. Oh! Yes. I love it. I do, I love the pain, 
I want it, I need it."

     "Shall I stop, Ann?"

     "No."

     "What?"

     "No. Don't stop. Please."

     "Shall I do it harder?"

     "Oh god. Yes."

     "Ask me nicely."

     "Yes. Please. Please do it harder. Please. Ahh! Ahh! Ah 
Christ!"

     "I can't pull any harder, Ann. Your head is as far back as 
it will go. Your neck is all taut and straining; I can see all 
those veins and things standing right out, quivering. And your 
face is twisting so nicely with pain, Ann, and your eyes looking 
up at me all wide and hurting and tearful and wanting. Wanting 
what, Ann? What is it you want?"

     "More."

     "More pain?"

     "More. Please."

     "Such masochism, Ann. Look how your body is straining, 
arching in agony and lust. Thighs quivering. Breasts heaving, 
thrusting, with those high, throbbing, thrusting nipples. Do you 
want me to hurt those nipples, Ann? Do you want me to pinch them? 
Squeeze them and twist them until you scream? Is that what you 
want, Ann?"

     "Yes. Yes. Oh Jesus please."

     "But I'd have to let go of your hair to do that, Ann. You 
don't want me to do that, do you?"

     "Oh...Oh don't..."

     "I think this situation calls for a third party, don't you, 
Ann? To aid us in our quandary. What do you think?"

     "Please not that. Please not him. Please. Ah! Ahh!"

     "You want it, Ann. You want those breasts hurt, that body 
tortured. Isn't that right, Ann?"

     "Ahh! Yes! Yes! But--but--not--"

     "But who can we get, Ann? Who shall it be?"

     "No."

     "There's just one possibility, isn't that right?"

     "God, no. Ahh! Oh damn you, damn you! Ahh!"

     "You want it, Ann?"

     "I want it. Damn you."

     "You want to be hurt? All over?"

     "I want it, I do want it, oh Christ..."

     "Then who will it be, Ann? Say it. Say it, Ann. Say it!"

     "All right! All right! Damn you to hell, yes, all right, 
yes, him. Him."

     "Who, Ann? Say it."

     "Ronny."

     "Ronny? Your brother?"

     "Yes, you bastard, you filthy son of a bitch, yes, him, 
Ronny, yes. Yes."

     "Call him."

     "Please."

     "Call him."

     "Ronny."

     "Hi, sis."

     "What was it you said to Ronny last time, Ann?"

     "Please. Ahh!"

     "What was it?"

     "I said--I said he would never put his hands on me again."

     "And now you want him to put his hands on you, is that 
right?

     "Oh ah ah oh."

     "Say it."

     "Yes."

     "Say it to Ronny."

     "Ronny. I...want you...to put your hands on me."

     "That's a good girl, Ann. Say, Ronny, pinch my nipples."

     "Ronny, I want you to pinch my nipples. Ahh! Ahh! Ahh!"

     "Don't sqirm so hard, Ann, you'll rip your hair right off. 
No, you can't look at Ronny. I'm not letting your hair go. It 
turns you on so much. Aren't you turned on, Ann?"

     "Yes."

     "You want to be fucked, don't you, Ann? You want to be 
raped, don't you?"

     "Yes."

     "Say it."

     "I want to be raped."

     "You want to be raped by Ronny."

     "Oh god."

     "Say it."

     "I want to be--"

     "Tell Ronny."

     "Ronny, I want you to rape me."

     "Ask Ronny to strip you, Ann."

     "Ronny. Please. Strip me."

     "You're going to fuck Ronny, aren't you, Ann? Say it."

     "I'm going to fuck Ronny."

     "You're going to suck his cock for him. Say it."

     "I'm going to suck Ronny's cock for him."

     "You want him to whip you."

     "I want him to whip me."

     "Go on."

     "I want him to hurt me and whip me and fuck me. Ahhh! I want 
to scream for him. I want to crawl in front of him. Ahh! I want 
you to whip me as I suck his cock. Whipping and whipping and 
whipping until I swallow his gism, all of it, until I'm screaming 
around his cock, choking and gagging and vomiting. Yes, hit me. 
Hit my breasts. Yes! Again! Yes! Again! Yes! Again! Ah! Ahh! 
Darling! Ahh! Darling! Please! Darling...Darling. Darling...Do 
it, squeeze my breasts ah I can't stand it ah it's so good ah."

     "Ask Ronny to fuck you."

     "I can't. Ahh!"

     "Ask him. Beg him."

     "Ronny, fuck me, please fuck me, fuck your sister, fuck your 
slut whore slave sister, yes, rip my skirt, ah fuck me, rape me, 
ah Jesus have mercy lord."

     "I'm going to put my cock in your mouth, Ann."

     "Ah."

     "Right in your lovely gasping straining upside-down mouth 
while Ronny fucks you."

     "My hair--"

     "I won't let go, I'm still going to pull your hair, just as 
hard, just like this."

     "Haughh!!"

     "Open that mouth, Ann. Ah. Lick it too. That's it, that's a 
good girl, that's my fine hurting suffering pain-loving 
masochistic agony-filled squirming twisting writhing flailing 
kicking humping brother-fucking degraded slut of a girl. Listen 
to that whimpering, that gagging, that moaning, that gasping, 
that mewling. Watch how she loves it. She's coming. Ann's going 
to come for us. Hit her, Ronny. Slap that breast. Swallow this, 
Ann. Swallow, that's it, whore, that's it, slut, all of it. Are 
you coming, Ann? Are you climaxing for Ronny?"

     "Ahh! Yes! I'm coming, I am, do it, hit me, whip me, rape 
me, I'm shit, I'm piss, I'm a slut, I want to crawl and lick your 
feet and kiss the floor for you yes do it fuck me to death kill 
me hurt my body I want it pull my hair again harder please I want 
it I need it I love it I WANT THIS PAIN!..."
