
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 14:38:18 1996
Message-ID: <171802Z18061996@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an351140@anon.penet.fi (MrNatural)
X-Anonymously-To: alt.sex.stories
Organization: Anonymous forwarding service
Reply-To: an351140@anon.penet.fi
Date: Tue, 18 Jun 1996 17:10:44 UTC
Subject: REPOST: As req: WATCHING MOM -CH 1&2 (mF,inc,voy)
Lines: 600
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!news.corpcomm.net!iris.lara.on.ca!hone!torn!howland.reston.ans.net!EU.net!news.eunet.fi!anon.penet.fi


Disclaimer:  The following material is intended for adults only, for
example, people over eighteen years old in the United States.  This material
consists of the fictional accounts of fictional character's sexual
experiences that are obviously pure fantasy.  Any resemblance between the
characters in these accounts and real people, either living or deceased, is
purely coincidental. If you would be offended by the fictional sexual
experiences and fantasies of  fictional people - in this case, sons and
their mothers --  then you should seek other entertainment.
As this is a creation of mine, I would, of course, like feedback from you.
Flamers will be ignored.  Rest assured the copyright to this remains with me
and as all rights are reserved, unauthorized use is prohibited.
************************************************************************
*****








WATCHING MOM
CHAPTER ONE



Paul moved quietly along the side of the house, hoping his eyes would adjust
to the dark so that he wouldn't go tripping across a hose or some booby-trap
left by his 5 year old brother.   He kept his eyes fixed on the window 30
feet ahead from which a pale light was barely reaching out into the night.


Just to his right was the rough cedar fence put up to keep the crazy next
door neighbors at bay and to give some privacy so Paul and his family could
enjoy their swimming pool.  To Paul's left was the cool, dark brick of his
house and he touched at it for guidance in the darkness, fingertips tracing
a path along the uneven surface.  There was no sound other than the beating
of his heart which was now starting to be a throbbing hammer to his neck.
His mouth was dry and he took every step with caution and care, bringing
each foot down gently but firmly.  It was so quiet that when the central air
unit a few feet ahead of him suddenly jumped into motion it was as if Paul
had been kicked in the chest.


For a moment he considered backing up, but he had gone this far and couldn't
really change course.  Not now.


From somewhere down the street came the barking of a dog.  The air
conditioner had settled down into a dull drone which, Paul realized, would
cover any sounds he might make.  He took another step toward that window,
then another.  Somewhere a car door closed, hard.  He waited a moment,
trying to calm his jagged breathing.


Turning back?  No.  Not after all the preparations he'd made!


Everything was perfect, and timing was essential.  Billy, his 5 year old
brother, was asleep in his own room on the other side of the house.  No one
else was in the house except for Paul's mother, Lisa, and she had told him
she was going to take a shower and go to bed and had already kissed him
goodnight.  As far as she knew, her 14 year old son was in his room watching
tv - she certainly wouldn't suspect he was edging along the house through
the darkness toward her bedroom window!


But preparations were more than timing - they involved a lot of work!  He
had slipped into his mother's bedroom earlier before she got home from work
and had moved the edge of the curtain ever so slightly, making sure one slat
in the mini-blind was raised just enough.  He hoped she wouldn't notice.  He
had been so careful that he'd actually begun the night before when he did a
dry run -- rigged the window and stood in her room, trying to determine if
the brightness of the inside bedroom light would make the night outside even
darker, providing better cover.


It did.

And so he was confident he wouldn't be seen, but not so sure he'd be able to
see.  What about the angle?  What about the precarious arrangement of the
curtain and blind?  Was it too much?  Not enough?

It was a risk, but in Paul's mind it seemed worth it.  After all, his mom
was beautiful - long red hair down her back, a face that looked to him as if
it belonged on a movie screen.  Lisa was in her late thirties now, but that
was a shock to most people because she still looked good.  In fact, Paul's
favorite picture of her was the one that showed her in competition for a
beauty contest the town had sponsored maybe fifteen years ago.  No, she'd
lost little and, in fact, now looked better than ever.  There were a few
more pounds, but that made her hips and curves that much more exciting, and
it was obvious that she'd been taking care of herself.  Whenever she took
Paul with her to the health club on Sundays - family day - Paul's ears
burned when he saw how the men looked at her.

Paul's father had put in the swimming pool five years ago, just two years
before the accident that took him away from them, and so Paul often had a
chance to see his mother in her bathing suit.  Still, it was a one piece
(much like the one in the photograph he loved so much) and he wondered what
was being hidden?  It was obvious to see that she had great legs - long and
shaped just right.  She had a nearly perfect backside, the suit cut low to
show somewhat pale but flawless skin.  Her rounded ass was amazing, but it
was what the suit revealed in the front that gave him many hours of
masturbating.


The suit was very modest, but her cleavage still managed to escape the
confines and traveled up toward her neck.  Those were what he wanted to
see...that was the reason for this careful movement through the night in the
cover of darkness.


After what seemed like an hour, Paul reached the beginnings of the window.
He moved slowly into place and found that his work on the window blinds and
curtain hadn't been detected.  He could see a good bit of the bedroom, from
a portion of the bed on the right past a closet and then almost to the door
of the master bathroom.  What he couldn't see was his mom and for a moment
he felt a panic.  What if she'd taken a short shower - unlike her - and gone
looking for him.


The entire plan seemed crazy now and his reaction was to bolt and run,
probably doing an OJ and banging off the air conditioner unit.  Just as he'd
made his mind up to retreat, she walked past and cut through his field of
vision.


She had just come out of the shower, hair up in a towel, wearing her light
blue terrycloth robe.  She breezed past once and then came back into view,
rubbing out her hair with the towel and running a brush through it a few
times.  She'd obviously managed to keep it from getting too wet in the
shower, because the red hair was basically dry, hanging down past her
shoulders.  She turned slightly toward him now and for a moment her green
eyes seemed to sweep past the window - but they didn't linger, not even for
a half-second.


Lisa sat down on the side of the bed and Paul saw she had a tube of
something - lotion - in one hand.  She stretched out one of her long legs
and began slowly rubbing it, massaging in the cream.  She started at her
ankle and worked up, the robe opening to reveal her leg all the way up to
her upper thigh.  He's seen her legs in the swimsuit before, but now, like
this, they looked even more exciting.


His mother continued rubbing, massaging, and then started on the other leg.
She squirted some lotion into her hand and moved up along her calf, past her
knee, and then to her thigh.  She kept rubbing the lotion in small circles
until, it seemed to Paul, it should have been gone from her hand.  Still she
rubbed.


Her finger moved differently now, brushing along her inner thighs.  Her head
seemed to raise up and back on its own, dreamily, eyes closed.   She was
turned slightly away from him now, and he was astonished to see her legs
open slightly.  Her fingers now moved not to her thighs but to that place
between her thighs - and they moved gently now, slowly rotating in a circle.
She moved slightly, mouth barely open and a tongue touching at the full
lips.  She rubbed a little faster, but her fingers were no longer in a
circle, but moving in and out.  At the angle, Paul could begin to see the
traces of a patch of red hair between her legs.


He felt his cock suddenly jump to life.  She was masturbating!  His mother
was rubbing off, or whatever girls called it!


The motions of her hands became more animated now and she took her right
hand away from its place on her thigh - keeping the left one in place -- and
reached up to brush across the fabric that covered her breasts.  His
mother's hand moved across and then back - she was touching at her nipple
through the terrycloth robe!  In another moment her head went back even
farther and her lips were pursed as if to blow out a candle.


Her right hand then slid over and pulled the robe open slightly, letting it
fall partways down her shoulders.  Paul's own right hand went down toward
his now very stiff cock and he quickly pulled down the running shorts he was
wearing.  His dick stood out in the night, straight.  He grasped it firmly
now but began to lightly stroke it, watching.


Then, all his efforts were rewarded.  His mother allowed the robe to slip
all the way down her arms, revealing her breasts.  Paul gasped and felt his
mouth go very dry now.  They were beautiful - far larger than he had
imagined.  Both were full and round with only the slightest hint of a sag to
them.  The nipples were pink and large, lovely against the redhead's pale
skin.  They were stiff, too, like Paul's cock, and she licked the tips of
her fingers of her right hand and began to circle the nipple - slowly.  Her
eyelids fluttered now. 


Paul felt as if he was somehow out of his body, but his hand around his cock
kept him anchored.  He stroked faster, but somewhere in his mind he also
wanted this to go on forever.


Lisa's fingers of her right hand pulled gently at  the nipple they had been
caressing - drawing it out from her breast in a way that Paul thought should
have been painful - but it wasn't by the expression on her face.  She then
twisted the nipple, back arching, and her left hand began to dance faster now.


She turned a bit, more toward the window, and Paul could see where her left
hand had been working.  The patch of red hair between her legs was trimmed
so short as to be almost invisible and Paul saw for the first time a woman's
cunt - and it was his mothers, and it was beautiful.  Her fingers were
moving in and out now and he saw the glistening on her hand and knew it
wasn't all lotion.


His own hand began to work even faster now.....


Her breasts moved ever so slightly from side to side with her passion as she
moved her fingers deep within herself and pulled them out.  She then raised
her left hand and touched the fingers to her lips.  Her tongue moved along
the tips, tasting herself, and her right hand continued to rub her breast -
ignoring the nipple and squeezing the entire breast now, hard and firm.


She began to buck a little, to tremble.  Her eyelids popped open and then
closed, drifted back open halfway and she was biting her large lower lip.
In a moment she stopped massaging her beautiful breast and reached down by
her side.  Paul, hypnotized, felt the first droplets of precum on his hand.
When his mother's hand came up, it had a large black something in it -
shaped somewhat like a cock. 


His mother spread her legs wider now and Paul felt his breath catch as he
saw her take the tip of that thing (Was that what they called a dildo?  He'd
never seen one!) and move it to her pussy.  In a moment it slid in -
although with some effort, for the tool was very large - and she lay back on
the bed, still in view.


Her arms worked feverishly now, moving that dildo in and out of her hungry
slit.  Her eyes were smoky and lust-glazed now.  Lying on her back and
pumping the black tool in glorious abandon, his mother was twitching now,
almost convulsing.  She brought her legs up and put her feet on the edge of
the bed, knees toward the ceiling.  The motion of her arms caused her
tremulous breasts to juggle and bounce wildly, and it was on that Paul
focused his attention.


His balls began to ache and swell as his hands worked faster, watching the
heaving breasts with their pebble-hard nipples sway and wobble with passion.


Faster now.


She moved faster, too.


Her back arched.


Her mouth opened.


Paul felt the pressure in his balls grow and then his asscheeks tightened.


His mother began to buck and sway now, grinding her hips as she pussy-fucked
herself with the dildo.


She was coming.


Paul's first jet of hot sperm shot out, staining the brick wall of the
house. His mom's savage climax sent another load flying into the night, the
thick, milky jizz spurting wildly, pulsing.  He leaned against the wall for
support, knees week, and saw his mother rolling wildly about, finally stopping.


His breath sounded to him like a chainsaw.  He could see his mom clearly now
as she extracted the dripping wet dildo and traced a path with it along her
chest to her mouth.  She suckled it a moment and then let her arms fall out
to the side, chest heaving as she caught her breath.


Then, she turned on one side, her perfectly rounded ass toward him, and
curled up.  Paul staggered back along the wall, somehow missing the air
conditioner, and saw to his horror that his running shorts were stained with
some of the evidence of his cum.  He couldn't go in like this!  What if she
saw him?


Still panting, he turned and walked quickly across the yard, diving into the
swimming pool.  The water was cold but it would hide the evidence.


The back door to the house opened.

"Paul???"


It was his mom.


"I'm in the pool!"


"I thought you were in your room watching tv?"


"Nothing good to see," he said.  "I decided to swim, instead."


"Okay," she said.  "I was just worried about you...."

"I'm great," he said.


There was a pause.


His mother stepped down onto the back patio.  She was wearing her swimsuit -
but not one he'd ever seen before.  It wasn't the old one piece, but rather
a bikini - still modest in some ways but very promising in others.  The
light from the house outlined her body perfectly and Paul found the flood of
memories of what he had seen through the window began to stir inside him. 


"Paul," she called out.  "Do you mind if I join you?  Or do you want to swim
alone?"


                                END OF PART ONE


WATCHING MOM, Chapter Two


"Sure mom," Paul called out.  "Come on in - the water is really warm....."

Lisa bounded down the patio steps and across the darkened lawn.  The light
in the pool was on, giving the entire night scene an almost ethereal glow.
Paul took a moment to quickly scan the new bathing suit his mom was wearing.
What happened to her old one-piece?  Why this bikini which, on anybody else,
would be modest but on her seemed so daring?

"I took a shower and just felt like one more dip in the pool," she said.  "I
better not get my hair wet!"

She slowly walked down into the pool, using the steps, and Paul envied the
way the water clung to her and moved up along her legs....from the ankles to
the knees, then slowly up the thighs.....

"Are you all right?" she asked.

"I guess so," he stammered.

"It is so beautiful out here tonight," she sighed, standing in the shallow
end so that the water lapped slightly at her breasts that were covered by
the bikini top.

Paul felt himself grow a bit dizzy.  He suddenly flashed back to the scene
through the window of his mother playing with herself, naked and spread out
across the bed with the dildo stuck so deeply into her.  He felt his cock
begin to stiffen a bit and did a quick lap across the pool, brushing close
to his mother.

"You really have a lot of energy," she said, smiling.  "Wish I had some of it!"

Paul held on to the side of the pool and tried to catch his breath.  Then,
without really thinking, he shoved off from the side of the pool and swam
near the bottom, eyes open, looking at his mother and her legs.  She was
standing with them slightly apart and he kept getting closer.  At the last
moment, she moved each leg a little to one side and he swam between them,
coming up on the other side in the shallow water, gasping for breath.

His mother giggled that laugh that she had, the one that sounded to him like
wind chimes.  "Ole!" she shouted. 

Paul laughed, too, and thought about making another pass between those legs
when Lisa went over to the steps, hands trailing in the warm water with
fingers spread.  She sat down on the steps and put her head back.  "This
might not be such a good idea," she said.

"Swimming?"  Paul asked. 

"Well," she began, then stopped, touching at the water with her fingertips.
"No.  Not swimming."

"What?"  Paul was confused.

"I felt a little lonely tonight and I wanted to be close to you," she said.
"Wanting to be with someone who can give a little company."

"Gosh, Mom," Paul began.

"You are a wonderful son," she said.  "What would I have done without you,
especially your help with your little brother?"

"No problem," Paul said.

"I know you don't sweetie," she said, and leaned forward and gave him a
light kiss on the lips.  Then she sat back and smiled faintly.  "I guess you
are a bit too old to be kissed by your mom."

"No," Paul protested.  "Not at all."

The glow from the underwater light made his mother's skin look as if it had
been sculpted from some flawless, pale stone.  Her green eyes were accented
by the light as well as the mop of red hair that framed her beautiful face.
There was a moment when everything seemed to stop as Paul looked straight
into those eyes which seemed to hold a slightly hidden promise.  Suddenly,
Lisa broke off the trance and got to her feet turning and walking up the
steps and out of the pool.

"I'm sorry," she said, face suddenly taut.  "I should go on to bed.  I've
had a little too much wine."

Paul watched his mother walk across the lawn and onto the patio, completely
entranced by the way her ass moved as she walked - a kind of lilting roll
that caught him between the legs.  He stepped out of the pool as soon as the
door closed and slipped in the door, stopping by the bathroom near his
bedroom to slip out of his shorts and wrap a towel around his waist.  He
then stood in the hallway and looked toward his mother's door, which was
partly open - as it if it was supposed to have been closed all the way but
didn't quite catch.

He crept slowly down the long, dark hall and peered through the crack in the
door.  His mother was sitting on the side of the bed, a towel underneath her
to keep the wet suit from leaving mark on the covers.  She was wiping a tear
from her eye and had her head down.  In a moment, as if making a decision,
she suddenly stood up and reached around back, unhooking the bikini top and
letting it fall to the floor.  Paul gasped, for the view through the door
was far more clear than the one through the bedroom window had been.
Immediately his cock began to swell beneath the towel around his waist.

Her nipples were erect, pinkish in color to match the pale skin and red
hair.  The warmth of the water from the pool had met the chill of the
central air conditioner and they had responded accordingly.  She rubbed her
large, full breasts with both hands as if to warm them, then reached over to
the bedside table and took a glass of wine, taking a large gulp.  She put
the glass down and sat on the bed, her fist hitting the pillow one time in
frustration.

Suddenly, her eyes swept over to the crack in the door and she stiffened.
"Paul?"  She called out his name again, louder this time, clutching one edge
of the bedspread and pulling it up over her chest. 

Paul felt the electricity shoot through him and he wasn't sure if he should
move.  Finally, he took a step back, hoping she had not actually seen him,
then another.  From down the hall he called out, "Yeah, Mom?"

"Would you come in here, please?"

Paul took a deep breath and then looked down at his erection so visible as
it tented out the towel.  He adjusted himself so that it was pointing
straight up, against his skin, and held the towel as best he could so as not
to give away his condition.  Having done that, he stepped up and opened the
door and peeked in.

"Yeah Mom?"

"Could you come in here a minute, please?"

Paul walked in.  "Yes?"

"Were you just at my door?"

Paul felt his face turn bright red.  The answer was obvious.

"Come here," she said.

Paul stepped forward, closer to the bed.  His mother still had her bedspread
up around her and she looked up at him. 

"You are so tall," she said, and then glanced down his chest.  Her eyes
widened slightly as she saw the unmistakable bulge that showed through the
towel.  She touched at her upper lip with the very tip of her tongue and her
breathing seemed to become jagged.  "Oh, Paul," she said, as if from a great
distance. 

They were silent for a moment.  He was looking down at her face while she
stared straight ahead at his hardness.  Then, in slow motion, she reached a
hand up, her long fingers moving toward his erection.  She touched at the
top of the towel and paused, blinking once but not moving her eyes.

"Oh, Paul," she said again.  "I really feel.."

Then she gave the most imperceptible touch at the top of the towel and it
half melted half fell away, allowing Paul's cock to spring free.  It was
pointing nearly straight up.

"Paul," she said in a quiet little voice.  "I'm sorry." 

"Don't be," he managed.

His mother reached out her fingers again and wrapped them around his fully
erect prick, and her eyelids fluttered.  

"It's been so long," she said.  "Forgive me..."

With that, she leaned forward and touched her lips to his cockhead, kissing
it lightly at first and then with a bit more energy.  She opened her lips,
hesitant at first, and allowed him to enter ever so slightly into her mouth,
his head resting on her tongue.  Paul felt his knees go weak and his chest
tightened.  His mother let her hand go from her chest and the bedspread fell
away.  She moved forward now, taking her son's heavy cock into her throat
and began to slowly move back and forth.  Her hands snaked up and grabbed
his ass cheeks and squeezed, pulling him even deeper - if such a thing was
possible.

Paul bent forward slightly and touched at her breasts....trying not to be
rough.  She moaned in the back of her throat, which caused a vibration on
his cockhead that sent a shudder of pleasure through him.  She continued
working on him, faster now, and then sucked the head while her long fingers
pumped at his shaft.  In a moment she pulled back and lay back on the bed,
her hand on his arm urging him to follow her.  He fell a bit awkwardly and
before he could recover she kissed him, full on the lips, her tongue moving
quickly into his mouth.

Paul felt his cock brush against her inner thigh and the heat from it made
her wiggle.  She guided his head down from her lips to her nipples and he
tasted his mother's breast.

"Oh, god, yes," she said in a tight voice.  "Suck your mommy's nipple.  Roll
it, yes, with your tongue.  Yes, baby.  Bite it.  Gently.  Gently.  Now pull
mommy's nipple.  Yes.  Yes.  Tongue it.  Faster.  Faster.  Oh god, faster."

Paul felt his mother move so that his leg was between her leg, the warmth of
her pussy evident through the fabric of her bikini bottom.  She rubbed
harder, squeezing tight.  Her clit moved up and down his leg from the knee
to the middle of his thigh.

"Suck mommy," she said, but her voice was tight and small. "Mommy is going
to cum, baby.  Mommy needs to come so bad.  Help me, Paul.  Help mommy come."

Paul continued  working her nipple and felt her warmth go to heat on his
leg.  Then, suddenly, she let out a scream and held herself suspended a
moment, legs clamped down on his leg.  She bucked wildly, rippling her body
as her back arched and fell, screaming and gasping for air.

Then, she was still.  She was breathing hard but managed to say, "Do you
jack off, Paul?  Is that what they call it?  Jacking off??"

"Yes," he managed, "sometimes..."

She pushed him and guided him until he was standing again and she sat on the
corner of the bed.  "Do it for me.  Show me.  Show me how you come."

Paul's cockhead was on fire and he began to stroke quickly.  His mother
moved slightly and then cupped her breasts, raising them up as she pushed
them together.   It was as if she was forming a receptacle for what was to
come issuing forth from his aching cock.

"Good," she cooed.  "Good...look what mommy has for you."

Paul looked down at the full breasts held up and together.  His mother
leaned forward slightly and moved her tits from side to the side so that the
nipples brushed across the bottom of his balls.  That was more than he could
take and with one more quick pump of his right hand his cock exploded in a
stream of jism that covered his mother's breasts.  In the spasm of ecstasy
he moved enough to send a shower of cum onto her face, some of it catching
her lips.

"Milk it dry for mommy," she said in a voice so soft and sexy as to cause
one last wave of cum to shoot forth.  Then, she leaned forward and took his
quivering cock into her mouth, cleaning him.  Then, she fell back onto the
bed, looking up at the ceiling, breathing so hard that he could see her
breasts rise and fall.

"Paul," she said.  "I'm sorry."

"Sorry?" he asked.  "Please don't be."

"I'm so confused," she said.  "It was so good.  So very good."

Paul nodded, his knees weak.

"Lay down here next to mommy," she said.  "Please.  Hold me."

With that, she pulled back the covers and slipped under them.  She reached
down and in a moment the bikini bottoms were in her hand.  She threw them on
the floor.  "Please?"

He crawled under the covers and moved next to her.  Her body was hot but
covered with a cool sweat.  

"We really cannot do this," she said.  "Ever again.  But tonight.  Please,
tonight?  Tonight is ours?"

Paul felt himself growing hard against the pressure of her leg.  

"All right, mom," he said.  "Tonight."



--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi

