          The following deviates somewhat from the official Star Trek chronolog
y in which Wesley Crusher was born 2349 and Jake Sisko in 2355.  In this timeli
ne Crusher is born 4 years later, in 2353.  The story takes place in 2371.

************************************************************


Wesley was startled by the door chime.  He had not been expecting him so soon.
 "Jeez, the kid must have run the entire way. We've only been docked three
minutes."
 Wesley was excited that all his planning was about to bear fruit.  It was his
first time back abroad the Enterprise since leaving for the Academy.  After a
year at the Academy every cadet was required to spend a semester abroad a
starship.  Wesley as not sure how he should react when he heard his assignment
was to be on the Enterprise.  It was definitely an honor to be posted to the
flagship of the fleet, but it was difficult to develop much independence on a
ship where his mother was chief medical officer.

When he learned they were scheduled to dock at DS9, Wesley had asked the
captain if he could take part in the Starfleet Dependents Mentoring Program.  
It had not been difficult to convince Picard that giving some teenager a three
day introduction to the Enterprise would be an excellent use of a cadet's
time.  

Since he had checked the database before even speaking to the captain, Wesley
was not surprised when he was told that there was only one Starfleet dependent
teenager on DS9.  The teenager was 16 year old Jake Sisko.  His father was
commander of the station.  Being the only human teenager on board Wesley had
suspected Jake would welcome the opportunity to be able to take part in the
program.  Wesley had also learned that just like him, Jake was growing up in 
the home of a single parent who was very busy with Starfleet duties.  And now
Wesley was finally about to meet him in the flesh.

Wesley stepped to the door, took a deep breath and pushed the door release.  As
 the door opened, he was again startled because Jake was taller than he was.
Records from the remote stations are only downloaded periodically, and Jake
Sisko had obviously grown quite a bit since the last download.  Before him
stood a tall, thin, cute black boy.  Wesley guessed he was 180 cm tall, but he
still probably weighed only about 55 kilos.  Wesley stood in the door dreaming
about those long black legs wrapped around his waist or over his shoulders...

Awakened from his daydream, Wesley thought, "Man," he thought "is this kid just
nervous or excited?  He is blabbering so much I can hardly get a word in."

"Cadet Crusher, I'm Jake Sisko.  I have been watching the Enterprise dock and I
 was first one through the docking ring after it opened.  I'm really looking 
forward to getting a chance to spend some time on a starship.  And not just
any starship, but the flagship of the fleet.  Is it as exciting..."

"Hold on a minute, Jake.  First, you can call me Wesley.  Save that Cadet 
Crusher stuff for when we meet the captain.  I'm only 2 years older than you
are.  Come  on in and have a seat."

Jake sounded disappointed as when he walked in he said "I thought your quarters
would have windows, since your mother is a senior officer." 

"Oh, Mom does have senior officer quarters.  When I returned to the Enterprise,
 I requested my own quarters and a first year cadet's quarters are... well, a
bit spartan.  And definitely without windows."  Wesley knew participants in
the program received a short bio about their Starfleet contact, but suspected
Jake must have checked the database to learn more about him too.  Time to put
the plan into action.

"It must be lonely here with no other human teenagers on the station."
 "There aren't any other human teenagers here, but I do have a friend.  His
name is Nog.  He's Ferengi.  Still, you're right.  I really missed my friends
when Dad was assigned to DS9."

Although disappointed to learn of Nog, Wesley still hoped that Jake would 
welcome the attention of an slightly older human friend.

"I suppose you get to spend a lot of time with your father."

"Are you kidding! He is so busy running the station, that I rarely see much of
him at all."

"Bingo!" thought Wesley.  "I know how that is.  My father was killed when I was
only four, and Mom has always been busy with her career.  Would you like 
something to drink?"

"Sure, I'll take an orange juice."

Wesley started to move towards the next room where the replicator was located 
and then turned back to Jake.

"Why don't you take a look at some information on the Enterprise while I'm 
getting the drinks?  Computer, access database Wesley Crusher Alpha 3.  Go
ahead Jake."

As soon as he turned the corner Wesley used the key pad to secure lock the door
. Now it would take a security override by Worf himself to open the door.  He
also bumped the climate control up a few degrees.  Wesley got the drinks and
peeked around the corner.  Jake sat wide-eyed at the terminal.  The plan
appeared to be working.

Wesley came around the corner holding the drinks and said "Oh Jake, let me put
that on the wall monitor for you."  Jake started to protest but before he could
say anything Wesley had hit the control panel and the video Jake had been
watching was on the large wall monitor.  As soon as the image was on the
monitor, Wesley feigned surprise and embarrassment and quickly turned it off. 

"Jake, I'm sorry.  I'm sorry.  I accessed the wrong database.  Jake, please 
don't say anything about this.  I could get in lots of trouble for showing
this to you.  It was an accident."  

Jake sat at the desk looking stunned.  He had certainly never seen anything 
like that before.  He asked "Where...  Where did you get that?"  

Wesley answered "I was able to help a Dovellian trader straighten out a 
computer core problem and he gave me the database."  The Dovellians were know
to be the porn distributors of the universe.  Wesley felt confident that Jake,
like most teenagers, was curious about what he had just seen.  He let the
silence fill the room as Jake continued to stare at the blank monitor.

"I've never seen anything like that before."

"You won't mention it to anyone, will you Jake?"

"Uh, no.  Why should I?" finally looking up at Wesley.

Wesley took that as his cue and slowly asked "Would you like to see more?"

He saw Jake swallow hard and then barely whispered "Yes."

Wesley resumed playback of the video.  Watching the two boys on the screen
instantly made Wesley hard.  He moved behind Jake and noticed the boy's 
breathing had changed.  After about 10 minutes of intense video boy-sex, he
began to massage Jake's shoulders.  He moaned slightly as Wesley's hands began
the massage.

Jake seemed to be mesmerized by what he was watching.  Wesley thought he saw
the younger boy actually begin to shake.  Wesley continued to massage Jake's
shoulders and let his hands begin to wander down Jake's chest.  He continued to
move his hands across Jake's chest and pinched Jake's nipples, which also 
became hard.

When the video segment ended Wesley turned the chair towards him took Jake by
the hands and him pulled up out of the chair.  He began to move his hands up 
and down Jake's sides, across his chest, and back.  He grabbed the bottom of
Jake 's shirt and pulled it up over his head revealing a thin, hairless, 16
year old chest. 
Wesley realized that Jake was gingerly mirroring his actions.   So removed his
own shirt so he could feel skin touching skin.  White hands on black skin and
black hands on white skin, they investigated the other's body.  Wesley hugged
the younger boy tightly.  As he rubbed Jake's flat stomach he let his hand
wander south and began to rub Jake's hardon through his pants.

Wesley couldn't help but notice the contrast between his own pasty white skin 
and the ebony skin of Jake Sisko.  

He leaned forward and sucked on Jake's nipples.  The ensuing moans let Wesley
know that Jake was enjoying the attention.  Wesley pushed him backward until
Jake up against the desk. Wesley pushed him back until his bum scooted up on 
the desk.  Wesley knelt, removed Jake's shoes and socks and sucked on his
toes.  Standing, he gripped the waist of Jake's pants and as Jake raised his
bum off the desk, Wesley peeled them off.  Now the object of his lust was
sitting before him in nothing but his shorts.  

Wesley loved the look of Jake's tight white y-fronts with a very noticeable 
tent in the front.  Wesley found himself thinking how convenient it was that
teen boys often grew so quickly that their clothes were at times a size or two
small.

After making good use of his hands on Jake's stomach and thighs he pulled down
the final bit of clothing to reveal the family jewels.

Wesley licked the inside of Jake's thighs and then his balls.  He took them in
his mouth one at a time and rolled them around.  At the same time his hands
continued to explore, spending increasingly more time on the spot between
Jake's prick and rosebud.  

Wesley tickled the head of Jake's prick with the tip of his tongue and then 
began to lick it like a candy cane.  When he finally went down on it, Jake
could not take much of it and was soon cuming in Wesley's mouth.

After drinking all Jake had to offer Wesley stood and pulled Jake toward him. 
Jake stood and hugged Wesley tightly and the two kissed deeply.  Tongue meet
tongue and explored the other mouth.

When they care up for air, Wesley put his hand on Jake's hip and said "I always
did like a boy with dimples."  Jake started to giggle and Wesley began to 
tickle him.  Laughing, Wesley took him by the hand and lead him to the small
bedroom.

Jake sat on the edge of the bed and began to remove Wesley's remaining clothes
.  Wesley laid himself on top of Jake and began to kiss him on the neck.  Jake
rolled Wesley over and started to work his way down Wesley's slim body,
kissing his mouth and then moving to his neck and then the nipples.  When he
got to the stomach Wesley stopped him.  "Not yet, Jake.  I want to try
something else first."

Getting off the bed Wesley opened the nightstand and got the jar of Dovellian
erotic jell the trader had also given him.  He looked back at Jake to see a 
beautiful boy lying on his stomach looking at him.  Wesley thought that he had
never seen  a more wonderful sight.

Moving to the foot of the bed, he had Jake scoot his bum right to the edge of 
the bed and picked up his long black legs.  At first he just hugged Jake's
legs to his chest and drank in the feeling of another body against his.
Leaning forward he nearly bent Jake double as he kissed him once more on the
mouth.  It crossed  Wesley's mind that the video he was making of the
encounter would be a wonderfu l color contrast.

Again standing, Wesley used a handful of the jell and with Jake's legs over his
shoulders, he pointed his slick prick at Jake's anus and leaned into him.  As 
he entered him, he saw a look of pain and yet of pleasure on Jake's face.
"Are you alright Jake?"

"Yeah, just take it slow."

Wesley gave him time to get used to the feeling as he slowly pushed deeper.  He
felt his balls slap against Jake and he knew he was in all the way.  This was 
not Wesley's first time, but there was a difference he could not have imagined
between his friends on the holodeck and the real live boy under him.

Wesley was beginning to hump fairly vigorously when grimacing all the while,
Jake began to laugh.  Needless to say Wesley found this a bit disconcerting and
crossly asked "What are you laughing about?!"

"Well, we have been studying earth history in school.  Just yesterday we were
reading about the Romanian count called Dracula."

"And what is so funny about Dracula that you have to laugh while I am fucking
you?"

"Do you know his other name?"

"Wasn't it Vlad."

"That's right.  Vlad the impaler.  Look at you!  You are Wesley the impaler!!"
 With that Jake began to laugh even harder.

Wesley did see the humor in that and soon he too was laughing as he continued 
to "impale" his victim.  Wesley felt Jake's legs tense and watched as he came
for the second time.  Excited further by that sight, Wesley began to cum
inside the  boy.

An hour later the Wesley awoke to find a naked 16 year old black boy with dried
cum on his stomach asleep on his chest.  He woke him by nipping on his ear.

After a kiss he asked, "So, how do you like the Enterprise so far?"

"Great," said Jake.  "Is this a typical welcome on the flagship of the 
Federation?"

With that the two collapsed into a mass on laughing, tickling, naked, teen 
flesh.  It was definitely going to be an enjoyable three days!
