Archive-name: Family/wildays.txt
Archive-author: Rocket
Archive-title: Wild Days, The


Chapter One

   My parents handed me a twenty dollar bill when they left for the
cottage, and told me to stay out of trouble. This was the first time
they'd left me alone for an entire weekend and I was determined not to
disappoint them. Rather than go out with friends on Friday night, I
stayed home to watch TV, then early to bed with the alarm clock set
and up at the crack of dawn. I began mowing the lawn and was finished
well before ten o'clock. It felt good to be responsible. I took a
long, hot shower, paying particular attention to my eager young cock.
I didn't jerk off, but I wanted to.
   The doorbell rang just as I stepped out of the bath tub. Everyone
in town seemed to know my parents and sister had gone to the beach,
and I assumed the visitor was one of my friends. I wrapped a casual
towel around my waist and walked to the front door.
   Water was still running off of my chest as I pulled the door open
to find myself face to face with Susan. She was supposed to be with my
sister for the weekend, but her outfit exposed so much more flesh than
it covered that I didn't care. Her fifteen-year-old Teeny Bopper body
was clad in a skin tight halter and the most minuscule short-shorts
I've ever seen.
   Susan is a tall slender blond with long luscious legs, a tight
sculptured ass, pear shaped breasts, hazel eyes and she's every bit as
beautiful as any model. For two years I'd watched her change from a
pretty girl-child into one of the sexiest girl-women on earth. Several
months ago she began to suntan with my sister on a regular basis and
watching her became an obsession. Until you've seen her bikini-clad
body glowing in the sun you haven't seen anything.
   She usually untied her top to avoid tan lines, and often forgot (or
pretended to forget?) that the cloth was not fastened around her. On
more than one occasion she had shown her naked breasts in their
entirety. I'm not ashamed to admit the sight of her inspired me to
jerk-off. I'd rather jerk-off looking at her in a bikini than some
babe in a magazine. Yes, I've sent my jizz flying over many center-
folds whose subjects couldn't hold a candle to her. You can imagine my
delight at finding her on the front porch.
   My sixteen-year-old, sex-starved penis reacted like a cobra prepar-
ing to strike, throbbing and quivering against the towel as it filled
with blood. First it tried to bound straight up but the weight of the
fabric was too great. It made a noticeable tent and Susan's eyes
widened when she noticed.
   I was in pain, yet too embarrassed to reach down and adjust myself.
After several agonizing seconds my straining cock rolled to one side,
escaped the towel and sprang straight up. My seven inches must have
been more spectacular than I thought, because Susan gasped.
   "Sorry, I thought you were Paul." The towel began to slip and I
reached down to hold it in place. It would have been pointless to try
to hide my erection behind my hands at that point, yet I didn't want
to lose the last remnant of modesty and rewrapped the towel tightly.
   Susan looked into my eyes, her expression one of delicious amuse-
ment. She had me, and she knew it. "Is this how you greet my brother?"
   "No! I meanÄ Yes. No. I just got out of the shower, damnit, and....
Oh, never mind. What are you doing here anyway? You're supposed to be
at the beach with my sister!"
   "Last night I decided not to go and called Mary. Didn't she tell
you?" Susan glanced down. Her eyes seemed to stare through the towel.
They lingered for a few moments, sizing me up before looking back up
to my eyes.
   "No, she didn't. But why would she tell me that you weren't going
with her? What difference would it make to me?" A thousand wild
thoughts raced at a million miles an hour through my mind. Everything
this beautiful creature did was important to me, and only I knew it.
   "Normally she probably wouldn't; but I asked her to tell you I was
coming over. I left my bikini here yesterday and I need it back. I
guess she forgot."
   "I guess she did."
   It seemed that my state was also effecting Susan. Her nipples were
large and swollen, straining like plump, ripe cherries under the
halter. I yearned for the moment when I could touch and indulge myself
in their excitement. Somehow, someday, I would overcome my apprehen-
sion. For now, the sight and my thoughts were enough.
   My eyes boldly traced her chest, past the flat expanse of her
tummy, and came to a rest between her thighs. The fabric was stretched
taut; a faint crease limned the outline of her pussy lips.
   It was clear that she wore no panties. The pulsing cock under my
towel wished it were the fabric wedged against her tender labia. I
wondered if she was as wet as I was horny.
   "Well?"
   "Well what?" I jumped and looked away from her crotch, feeling
ashamed of my thoughts.
   "Well?" The music of her fragile voice brought me back from never-
never land. Susan giggled. The fact that I had been consuming her with
my eyes seemed not to bother her. "Can I come in and get my bikini?"
   "Oh. Uh, sure." I stepped aside.
   Susan's body followed her jiggling breasts as she stepped past me;
twitching buttocks rounded the back of her shorts. I closed the door
and turned to watch her walk across the living room, and whistled
under my breath when she turned the corner into the hall and disap-
peared towards Mary's room at the far end.
   After a few moments I followed her, but paused half-way down the
unlit corridor. The door to my sister's room was open and Susan's
reflection was clear in the mirror. She reached into the dresser and
pull out a blue bikini, held the tiny cloths in front of her body and
admired herself in the mirror. Then something unexpected happened. She
set the bikini down and began to undress.
   She removed her halter and I had a perfect view of her breasts. I
gasped when her hands rose to fondle them, pinching and squeezing the
swollen nipples until they were dark pink and seemed ready to explode.
She twisted and pulled with such force that I'd have thought she must
be hurting herself had I not seen the look of ecstasy on her face.
Finally she cupped the pointed mounds and admired her handiwork in the
mirror. Then her hands dropped below my line of sight.
   She was taking off her shorts and it was agonizing not to be able
to see. After a few moments I realized that her hands were doing more
than removing clothes. It took every ounce of self-control to keep
from rushing in on her. Instead I let my towel fall to the floor and
began to jerk myself off. When Susan lifted one hand to her mouth and
licked her fingers, I nearly came on the carpet.
   After licking the fingers of both hands Susan picked up the bottom
of her bikini and began to put it on. When she bent over to tie it,
the  profile of her breasts revealed the size of her pink nipples.
Dangling out against the white backdrop of the wall, each swollen bud
was a dollar-sized table set with a thumb-sized protrusion a full
half-inch long. I nearly came again.
   Her hands came up to her breasts once more. Her fingers pinched and
pulled out on her nipples and she closed her eyes from the pleasure
while she twirled them roughly. Her eyes were still closed when she
reached for the top of her bikini and settled it over her breasts. The
tiny triangles barely covered her areolae, and left most of the mounds
bare.
   My hand was still wrapped around my cock and stroking furiously
when Susan suddenly opened her eyes. Peripheral vision told me she was
looking at me in the mirror, but like anyone caught in the act I
didn't want to believe it. I stopped stroking, but avoided direct eye
contact with a faint hope that she didn't see anything; that hope was
dashed when I felt the heat of stare on my manhood. Finally, I could
avoid it no longer and lifted my eyes; they met hers in the mirror.
   It was a confusing moment. She must have wondered how long I had
been watching her, and I wondered how long she had been aware of me.
My heart raced. If I didn't make the first move I'd lose her. Her eyes
widened as my hand returned to its labor, but she continued to watch.
I stroked myself slowly wondering what to do next.
   Susan must have read my mind; the hands fumbling behind her back
reversed their work and the bikini bra fell away. Her torso was now as
naked as my own. We watched each other; I stroked my cock faster and
she began to fondle her breasts. I stepped slowly toward my sister's
room and Susan looked at me with pleading eyes. Overcome by desire, I
misread her expression. The closer I got the more I wanted her, but I
failed to see her reaction. By the time I reached the doorway she was
trying frantically to replace her top. I froze in place.
   "Please don't," I begged. "I promise not to come any closer and I
won't try anything. Just let me finish. If you don't, I think I'm
going to die."
   "I've heard promises before." Susan was still facing the mirror.
She looked naked except for the strings around her back and waist and
the strip of cloth that disappeared between her luscious buttocks.
   "If you didn't trust me you'd already have bolted." I began to
stroke my throbbing erection again. "Please turn around and let me see
your breasts."
   Susan shrugged and turned around. "I must be crazy," she muttered,
then let her top fall to the floor. "You better not try anything."
   "I'm the crazy one." I felt the first quakes of orgasm rake my
body. My knees weakened.
   "Why?"
   "For making that promise before I got a good look at you." I was in
such pleasure that my hips thrust uncontrollably into my pounding
hand. "You're twice as beautiful as I ever imagined and it looks like
your breasts need a pair of hot lips. Do you want those nipples
sucked? As much as I want to suck them?"
   "Maybe..." Susan blushed, she touched her nipples and her eyes
stared into mine. "...I want to let you but it's best if I don't. At
least not yet."
   "Why?" I stared back.
   "Please." Her eyes fell to my cock. "You promised not to try
anything and I want to watch you."
   "It doesn't matter, now. It's too late for me to try anything. I'm
going to come!"
   My hand moved faster and faster, and my balls retracted in prepa-
ration for what was about to happen. I rose up on my toes. My hand
became a blur of motion on my cock and every muscle in my body
strained.
   "Do you want to lie down or something?" Susan asked with concern in
her voice, and gestured toward the bed.
   "Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God!" I chanted. I was pinned on the verge
of ecstacy for an eternity. The pleasure built and built, and I
expected the mother of all orgasms. I leaned against the door jamb for
support and my free hand moved to my aching testicles and milked them
gently trying, nursing my orgasm along.
   "Let me see, Susan. Take off that G-string and show it to me."
   "You promised!" Susan took a step back. Her eyes never left the
mass of my erection.
   "Please. I'm gonna come any second. Just let me see it. Show me
your pussy."
   "Damn!" Susan sounded angry, yet she reached for the knot on her G-
string. "I knew this would get out of hand."
   "Yes. Please. Yes!" The first wave of orgasm rose monstrously and
the anticipation of seeing her pussy overwhelmed body and soul.
"Hurry! I have to see it before I come!"
   Susan pulled the tiny triangle to one side. Golden pussy hair came
into view, and then her pink lips bulged out, moist and swollen.
Clawed fingers tugged the crotch of her G-string aside and she reached
down with her other hand. Middle and index fingers paralleled her
young slit, and she spread herself, revealing open, flowered inner
lips. She held them apart while her free hand came down to toy and rub
her clit. Her eyes rolled back in their sockets and her clit extended
from the knotted sheath of flesh like a sword. A finger disappeared
between slippery inner lips and reappeared covered with creamy excite-
ment. The fragrance of her sex hung in the airÄÄhoney-suckle on a hot
summer day. She must have known I'd imagine it's flavor, for she
seductively lifted the glistening finger to her mouth. The playful
smile on her face became a rictus of release as she again reached for
her sex. Both hands pulled her pussy wide and I saw the secrets of her
tight, red hole. At that moment orgasm overcame my body and soul.
   When the first shot flew eight feet across the room and landed on
the wall, Susan squealed with wonder. The second shot didn't fare so
well, but still travelled more than five feet to land on my sister's
bed. The next few were more like dribbling gushers than anything else.
Then I trembled and quaked and a massive stream shot out against the
wall again. Susan gasped and my cock exploded several more times as I
fell to the carpet, exhausted.
   When I came to my senses I knew it had been no dream. I was naked
on the carpet in my sister's bedroom. There was come on the wall, on
Mary's bed, on the carpet and all over me. I sat up in a daze. Susan
must have left in a hurry; the come was still fresh and her shorts and
halter were on the floor. I picked up the shorts to hold them to my
face and even the recent orgasms couldn't keep my cock from responding
to their rich aroma. Thought of her young pussy had me hard again in
seconds, but I knew I'd have to wait. Jerking-off alone would never be
the same again.



Chapter Two

   I was lying on the couch watching TV when the phone rang. I didn't
want to get up so I let it ring six times before I went to answer it.
   "Hello?"
   "Are you alright?" Susan's voice sounded relieved. "Until I took
your pulse, I thought you'd died."
   "I'm fine; but what happened to you? I woke up and you were gone."
   "I got scared, and I panicked. Will you forgive me? I should have
stayed until you woke up."
   "It's okay. And you're forgiven."
   "Does your head hurt?"
   "No... Why?"
   "You bumped it pretty hard when you fell."
   "I was in too much pleasure to notice. And by the way, I forgot to
tell you how sexy you look. I've never seen a more beautiful girl."
   "I'm only fifteen."
   "And I'm only sixteen," I countered. "But I've seen enough naked
women to know when I see a truly beautiful one like you."
   "You must be some stud!" Susan teased. "Where do you see all these
naked women?"
   My face reddened. "In magazines."
   "Are you comparing me to pictures in nasty magazines?"
   "Do you mind?"
   "I'm flattered." Susan giggled. "But I've seen enough of those
pictures to know I'm not that sexy. My tits are only 34 inches."
   "Lots of girls live with 32- and 33-inch breasts. I think your
breasts are perfectly proportioned, and that's more important than
size. Besides Ä your's are still growing."
   "My mom wears a 37 inch bra."
   "There you go; you have a promising future."
   "What about my nipples?"
   "They're the juiciest buds I've ever seen. I'd really love to suck
on them until you beg for mercy."
   "I bet you'd like me to beg for more than mercy," Susan giggled.
"What do you think of my nipples?" she repeated.
   "They're beautiful." I felt my cock stir. "Why don't you bring them
over here? My mouth is watering."
   "Not tonight dear, I have a headache."
   "Are you teasing me?"
   "Yes... and no."
   "What do you mean by that?"
   "It means, `Yes' I'm teasing you, and `No', because I really am too
tired to start anything tonight."
   "Tired?" I argued. "I'm talking about having some fun, not work.
All you'd have to do is enjoy."
   "What do you think I did after I watched you come all over your
sister's bedroom? Do you think I ran home to clean the house?" Susan
laughed. "I'm not the innocent little girl you seem to think. Maybe I
cleaned my plumbing!"
   "Okay, okay," I laughed. "But I want you to know that I feel
cheated."
   "Why?"
   "You got to watch me but I didn't get to watch you."
   "Have you ever seen a girl do it?"
   "Masturbate?"
   "Yeah." Susan giggled again. "Have you ever watched a girl mastur-
bate?"
   "No." My cock was beginning to feel uncomfortable. I reached down
to adjust it, my mind was filled with wild illusions of Susan finger-
fucking herself. I'd already glimpsed a sample and had enjoyed it
immensely. "Would you do it for me?"
   "I don't know." Her voice was soft. "I'd have to think about it."
   "Why?" I pressed. "I did it for you."
   "That was different," she objected, "I'm a girl. Do you think you
could stand to just watch."
   "I can jerk-off while I you're doing it." I suggested. "We could
watch each other."
   "You don't give up do you?" Susan sighed.
   "I've never wanted anything more." I took a breath and changed the
subject. "What did you think when you saw me doing it?"
   "I was scared at first, when you started walking toward me. You
looked horny enough to rape me or something. But then I realized you
were harmless and  I'm glad I stayed. You put on quite a show. I know
someone who'd buy tickets to watch you come like that."
   "Tell her she can watch for free. Does she put out?"
   "Jesus! You guys are all alike." Susan began to giggle and laugh.
"You'll fuck anything with two legs. But what if I told you that you
lived with this girl? Would you still be interested in knowing if she
puts out?"
   "What?" I stammered.
   "Does the thought shock you?"
   "What do you think?" I was at a loss for words. "The only girl that
lives here is Mary, my sister."
   "She's still a girl," Susan giggled, "And the last time I saw her
naked she looked like a pretty sexy girl, too. Would you let her watch
if she wanted?"
   "That's crazy!"
   "Not as crazy as you think. I bet she'd even give you a good look
at her pussy while you jerked-off." Her voice sounded wicked.
   "You can't be serious. What makes you think my sister would want to
watch me jerk-off?" My heart began to race. Ever since I caught a
glimpse of my sister getting out of the shower a few months ago, I've
been trying to see more. She was definitely very, very sexy.
   Susan changed the subject. "She knows you spy on her."
   "What?" I gasped
   "She told me," Susan giggled wickedly. "We tell each other every-
thing."
   I twinged with nervousness. "I can't believe it. Mary knows I spy
on her? Why would she tell you?"
   "I'm not suggesting." Susan paused. "It's a fact."
   "Prove it." My face was turning red.
   "Two weeks agoÄÄI think it was a Monday night. Mary was changing
into her nightie when she heard a noise outside the window. She knew
it was you, so she stripped down to her panties and put on a tit show.
She has nice tits, but I bet you wanted to see what was under her
panties, didn't you?"
   "It could have been anyone." My pulse quickened.
   "Maybe you didn't notice, but her window was open an inch. You made
quite a noise climbing in and out of your bedroom window. She heard
you come and she heard you go." Susan chuckled. "She even heard your
zipper go down. Can you imagine that? Jerking off outside your
sister's window!"
   "Jesus Christ." I was embarrassed. "I can't believe this! What else
do you know?"
   "A couple of days ago Mary was watching TV when you got home from
school. She had on a thin white blouse and no bra. Her breasts must
have presented a lovely sight because you couldn't keep your eyes off
them. She left the top three buttons open for a reason."
   I was confused. "Okay, okay... That's enough." Mary not only knew
about my unbrotherly desires, but was actively inciting them. Even
worse, she was telling Susan all about it.
   "Do you remember the mini she was wearing?"
   "Yes." I swallowed hard. I thought about hanging up the phone and
whipping out my dick.
   "She borrowed it from me," Susan giggled. "It's kind of short,
isn't it? I got so many whistles and stares that I won't wear it in
public anymore. Did she have panties on?"
   "No." I reached down to free my erection.
   "Isn't that wild?" Susan laughed. "Your sister showed you every-
thing she's got. Right there in broad daylight while you were watching
TV. Did it make you hard or what?"
   "Maybe, but why would I tell you?" I was getting more excited by
the second.
   "Mary and I share all our secrets, even the nasty, unsisterly ones.
She told me you got so hard that you were practically sticking out of
your shorts. Why didn't you just whip it out right then? Mary would
have loved it!"
   "This is getting too crazy, Susan." I leaned against the wall and
my hand went to my manhood. I began to stroke myself. "Why... why are
you telling me this?"
   "Well, for one thing, I left that door open on purpose, because I
get jealous every time Mary talks about you. I wanted to see what it
was like to be her. But when you saw me and started walking toward me,
I suddenly realized you wanted to do more than look. I also realized
that I wanted it, too."
   "If that was true, you'd have let me" I objected.
   "Please try to understand." Her voice became a whisper. "I wasn't
afraid of you. I was afraid of hurting Mary. She's my best friend and
I've known her a lot longer than I've known you. While I was pretend-
ing to be her, I knew she'd have wanted to be me at the moment you
were making your move. She would have been very jealous."
   "This is too much!" My heart pounded. The vista Susan offered was
beyond my wildest dreams. I was consumed by incestuous thoughts. "Are
you saying what I think you're saying?"
   "Let me tell you a secret: the walls in your house are pretty thin.
Mary can hear your balls slapping around every time you jerk-off. I've
heard it myself a couple times when I spent the night with her. She
knows when you jerk off, and she knows you do it every time you spy on
her."
   "This is embarrassing!" I was beet red now.
   "I think it's cute. Why don't you go look under her bed? She does
more than just lie there while she listens to you." Susan's voice
trailed off and the startling click was followed by a dead line.
   I returned the handset to its cradle when the receiver finally
emitted a warbling off-hook signal. I was dumbfounded. I must have sat
there for twenty minutes before I went to Mary's bedroom.
   Susan's shorts still lay on the dresser where I'd left them earli-
er. I picked them up and pressed them to my face. The fragrance of her
pussy was still strong. My cock ached and throbbed for release but I
put the shorts down and walked to my sister's bed. Half of me wanted
to stop, but the other half had to know. I dropped to my knees and
looked.
   I found two magazines. One was a Penthouse I recognized as having
mysteriously disappeared a few weeks ago. It's amazing how things can
just walk off from under a bed, and because of self-incrimination, no
questions are ever asked. The other magazine was the size of a paper-
back and I'd have missed it completely had it not been on top of the
Penthouse. When I saw it's cover I gasped.

              REAL LETTERS FROM FAMILY LOVERS!

   My heart raced. I opened the cover and it was full of letters about
incest. There were stories of brothers and sisters, fathers and
daughters, mothers and sons, aunts and uncles, cousins and just about
every possible combination a family can have.
   I began to read. The stories were more than hot; they were also
believable and obviously written by different people. Needless to say
I went straight to the section on brothers and sisters. Within minutes
I was so aroused that I had to free my cock. I stroked myself as I
imagined Mary would do while I read of a girl who fucked her brother
in the basement of their house. Within minutes I was ready to come.
   After cleaning up the last mess I didn't want a repeat performance.
I looked under my sister's bed for something to come on and saw a pair
of panties that would be perfect. But when I reached to retrieve them
I got more than I bargained for; a dildo fell out. I gasped at the
thought. Was this what Susan had meant? Did my kid sister fuck herself
with a dildo while she listened to me jerk off?
   Mary's panties wrapped around my cock just before it exploded and
filled the intimate garment with wave after wave of come. I lifted the
dildo to my face and though the smell of her pussy was faint on the
plastic, it was nonetheless detectable. The aroma sparked an orgasm as
I lifted the dildo to my lips and tasted it. The flavor of my sister's
forbidden pussy was weak, but it filled me with an ardor I had not
previously known. I must have presented quite a sight as I worshipped
that dildo, but I didn't care. I kissed and licked every inch of the
plastic phallus until I was satisfied that every remnant of my sister
had been consumed. After my orgasm subsided I crawled into Mary's bed
with her panties still wrapped around my cock.
   My fitful slumber was filled with wild dreams.



Chapter Three

   The phone remained obstinately silent though I sulked around the
house all morning waiting for its signal. Instead, the doorbell rang
at noon and I opened the door for Susan. To my delight she wore a thin
summer dress cut low enough to reveal her cleavage and lack of bra.
The points of her nipples made nice impressions in the fabric and the
hem was suggestively high on her legs. I wondered if she wore panties.
   "Hi," she chirped and entered the house. She swayed to the sofa and
sat down.
   "Hello," I replied as I took a seat on the couch facing her. She
was showing more thigh than was polite, yet not enough for me to see
anything. She was a good tease.
   "Did you look under her bed?"
   "Yes." I blushed as I remembered how I had sucked on the dildo. I
made a mental note never to do it again.
   "What did you find?" she asked wickedly.
   "Two magazines: a Penthouse that I think she stole from me and
another that was full of stories about incest. I also found the
dildo."
   Susan winked. "Did it turn you on?"
   "Yes." I stared into her eyes. "I jerked-off and came in a pair of
her panties."
   "Leave them under the pillow for her." Susan laughed and opened her
knees a few inches. "I know she'll love to find them."
   "How long has she been using a dildo?" I had to look down because
she was indeed without panties and her bush stared out from between
her thighs. I licked my lips and wanted to see more.
   "Does it surprise you to know she uses a dildo?"
   "Yes." I reached for my cock to adjust it. "She's only fifteen."
   "I'm fifteen, too!" Susan inched her knees apart further apart. "Do
you think I use a dildo?"
   "I don't know. Do you?" I stared at her pussy. The bush was thick,
but not so thick as to hide the fat lips that nestled underneath. Even
though her labia were swollen with maturity, it's crevasse was clamped
shut with youthful tightness.
   "Yes." Susan shrugged. "The dildo belongs to me and I let her
borrow it. What do you think now?"
   "I think I'm bigger and better," I said and reached for my zipper.
It rasped open and I reached in to pull out my straining erection. It
was wild; stroking myself in front of her while she watched as though
it were a normal thing to do.
   "That looks like an offer." Susan blushed. "Would you make the same
offer to Mary?"
   "She's not sitting in front of me with her pussy staring out from
between her legs. But if she wereÄÄand knowing what I know nowÄÄYes,
I'd probably make the same offer." My heart raced at the confession.
   Susan pointed at my crotch "I'm not the only one showing off.".
   "Would you like me to put it away?"
   "No." Susan looked into my eyes and changed the subject. "I dreamed
about you last night. Did you dream about me or Mary?"
   "That's a loaded question."
   "It's okay." Susan giggled. "I can imagine what was in your mind
last night, but I hope you thought about me just a little bit."
   "I thought about you a lot." I fondled my swollen balls and gripped
my shaft more tightly. She must have enjoyed watching; the nipples
were hard under her dress and her pussy lips grew puffy and flowered
open to reveal the juicy pink inside. Her clit looked as hard as her
nipples.
   "Take off your dress."
   Susan rose to her feet and reached for the hem. She pulled her
dress up and off, over her head in one quick, incredibly graceful
motion. The garment trailed from her hand for a moment before flutter-
ing to the floor. She stood naked before me for an eternity, then
lifted her hands and cupped the mounds of her breasts. She held them
up, offering their pink nipples to my stare.
   "They're beautiful!" I licked my lips and stroked my cock faster as
I imagined what it would be like to kiss and suck her huge nipples.
"Turn around and show me your ass."
   "You're a real pervert!" Susan teased as she turned her back to me
and bent forward slightly. Her hands slid slowly down her sides until
they were on her buttocks. She fondled the cheeks like sexual organs
for a few long moments, then spread them playfully open. I whistled
appreciation of her tight puckered anus and she responded by bending
double to reveal a wet rear view of her youthful pussy. She searched
my wild eyes from between her legs while her hands moved up the back
of her thighs. She smiled and winked when the fingers grazed her
vulnerable pussy lips, then straightened and spun around to face me.
   I was breathless. "You have a nice ass, too!"
   She obviously knew the mind of a sixteen year old boy. "And you
have a nice erection." Her eyes stared at it.
   I was curious. "How many have you seen?"
   "Four:" she smiled.
   "One belonged to the guy who took my virginity. That was almost a
year ago. I let him take it two dozen times over a two-week period
just to make sure the job was done properly. It was fun.
   "One belonged to a jerk who thought he was going to get some, but
never got more than a look.
   "One belongs to you, and the other is my brother's."
   "Paul?" I stammered. "You've seen him hard?"
   "Yeah; he spies on me all the time and I've spied on him a couple
times. He'd probably flip if he knew I watched him jerk-off." She had
a mischievous look in her eyes.
   "You watched him jerk-off?" I asked, incredulous. "Has he seen you
do... I mean... has he seen you with that dildo?"
   "Hell no!" she laughed. "I'd fuck him before I tortured him like
that, and I have no intentions of fucking him because he doesn't turn
me on."
   "Good." I relaxed. "But why do you spy on him?"
   "You're worse than your sister!" Susan sat down on the sofa and
spread her legs wide. "I do it because it's naughty and I love to do
naughty things."
   My eyes widened at the sight of her fully open pussy. Her clit
jutted stiffly from the top of the pink slit and flowered inner lips
dripped from the excitement within.
   "Why am I worse than my sister?"
   "Both of you are jealous." Susan slid a hand to her pussy. One
finger dipped briefly at the bottom before running up the crease and
pausing at her clit. "If Mary knew what we were doing right now, I
don't know who she'd be more jealous ofÄÄme or you."
   "If she's jealous of you, I'd be glad to please her just as I'm
glad to please you." I laughed and licked my lips for the finger
cycling the length of her slit. Her teasing was taking it's toll and
my hips began thrusting my cock into my hand. "But if she's jealous of
me, then you have a problem."
   "What makes you think that would be a problem?" Susan's face
blushed and she rammed a finger deep into her pussy.
   "Jesus!" My eyes bulged and I held my breath. This kind of visual
stimulation was new to me, and I couldn't take my eyes from her.
Neither could I ignore the implications of her last remark.
   Susan's feet lifted to the sofa and snuggled on either side of her
ass. When her thighs opened again she was spread completely. Hands
left her ankles; one to rub her clit while two fingers of the other
probed her tight, creamy hole. She removed them and the aroma of her
sex permeated the air as the glistening digits approached her lips.
She licked them with apparent gusto and her eyes rolled as she tasted
herself. Then she looked wildly at me. The fingers returned to her
waiting pussy and plunged in. Susan gasped and began furiously to
finger-fuck herself.
   Something snappedÄÄperhaps it was the look in her eyesÄÄand I knew
this was no longer simply a nasty game for her. Her desperate mastur-
bation was truly amazing. I dropped to the carpet and knelt with my
face less than a foot from her gyrating vulva. She moaned and fingered
herself ever harder under my scrutiny, the tight pussy yielding at
each thrust. Lubricant poured forth and matted her hair before running
down to the sofa. Knuckles smacked tender labia with such force that I
wondered if she was consciously adding pain to her pleasure.
   Finally she rammed her hand home and rolled her knuckles against
her engorged pussy while the other hand furiously rubbed her clit. She
moaned loudly as her ass rose from the sofa and her thighs began to
ripple. Her fingers stopped moving, then squeezed her clit roughly, as
though trying to pull it from her pelvis while her body thrashed in
orgasm. Even though two fingers plugged her hole, I saw it pulsate
around them and gush an abundance of cream. It was too much for any
man to bear.
   My face tilted up and my back arched. I jerked my cock with blind-
ing speed and moaned loudly in warning as I came. My eyes were closed,
but I knew my sperm was landing on her body. That thought extended the
orgasm for what seemed forever. The intensity faded at last and I
opened my eyes to see Susan smearing come over breasts and belly as
though it were a precious balm. Perhaps it was.
   I tensed and began to come again, this time landing on her pussy.
Susan stretched it open and smiled. I moaned and leaned forward,
adding new moisture to her matted thatch.
   Susan's eyes glazed as my cock drew closer. I knew she wanted me,
but the intensity of a double orgasm had been too much. My cock was
too soft to serve when I nestled it at her slippery slit. Slender
hands tried to stuff me in, but it was no use.
   I looked into her eyes with the expression of the boy who lost
Christmas. She began to laugh and I had to laugh too. But it wasn't
really funny; I wanted to fuck her more than I wanted my next breath.
Susan must have sensed my embarrassment; she pressed her lips to mine
and kissed me. Her tongue darted into my mouth and we tongue-fucked
for several minutes.
   Susan rolled out from under me and rose to her feet. She reached
for her dress and in silence I watched her put it on. It looked so
innocent and sweet on her and it turned me on to know that underneath
she was naked and smeared with my come.
    I suddenly wanted her to stay. "Please don't go."
   "I have to." She looked at me a sparkle in her eyes.
   "Why?" I was puzzled.
   She winked. "I have to go to the clinic."
   "The clinic?"
   "Yeah," she laughed. "Where else do you think a fifteen-year-old
can get the Pill?"
   I brightened. "Are you serious?"
   "Does this look serious?" She lifted her dress and pulled her pussy
open to show the white, frothy come in her cunt.
   "Yeah." I stared in wonder. "You have a nasty way of making your
point."
   "The nastier the better." Curved fingers gathered our juices and
lifted them to her lips. Her tongue darted out and she tasted the
sticky substance, then smiled lewdly.
   "Jesus..." I felt my cock throb. "You better get to that clinic
before it's too late. I might be forced into holding you hostage if I
get hard again."
   "Okay." She walked to the door and She was about to step outside
when she looked back over her shoulder. "Should I get enough pills for
two girls?"
   "Damnit..." My cock sprang up and I went after her. "...I warned
you."
   Susan ran down the porch and into the yard. I followed to the
bottom of the steps before I realized that I was still naked. I
stopped and covered myself with both hands. Susan laughed and taunted
me, lifting the front of her dress. If not for the children playing in
the neighbor's yard I'd have tackled her, right then and right there.
Instead I ran back into the house. She must have known I'd be watching
out the window because she stopped and blew me a kiss just before she
turned the corner and disappeared.



Chapter Four

   It was long past midnight. Sleep had nearly claimed me when the
knob rattled softly and Mary slipped into my bedroom. I lay motion-
less, watching through slitted eyes as she closed the door and stole
quietly toward me. My eyes were used to the dark. Her short, sassy
nightie was a faint halo of color, and naked flesh seemed to glow as
it moved fluidly under the clinging fabric. I held my breath while
pert nipples wove dark circles in the air. She drew closer and stood
at the foot of my bed.
   She stood motionless for several long seconds, looking at me while
I pretended sleep. The her hands lifted to her chest and her breath
grew loud and heavy. She cupped her breasts and pulled at the silver
dollar-sized nipples. The dark mysterious triangle of pussy hair
played peek-a-boo with her ridiculously high hem. She was definitely
without panties, and the sight brought my cock to instant erection.
   Mary fondled her breasts for several minutes before her hands moved
downward. I waited for her fingers to touch her pussy, but they moved
deliberately past her crotch. I suspect she knew I was watching; she
must have seen the tented sheet. Her hands rubbed up and down the
insides of her slender thighs without actually touching her pussy.
   Suddenly she knelt down and rummaged under my bed, regaining her
feet with a Penthouse magazine in her hand. She gave me one last look,
then walked quietly to my door and left.
   I was so horny that I kicked the sheets aside and began to jerk
off. Recalling Susan's remarks on the subject of thin walls encouraged
me to stroke my cock much harder. My swollen balls bounced and slapped
against my groin, filling the room with the loud sounds of self-
fulfilling lust. I came,  wondering if Mary were playing with herself
while she listened.
   It was late when I awoke, already noon and I trotted toward the
shower. Mary was coming out of the bathroom at the same moment I tried
to enter. The force of our collision nearly sent her sprawling. She
caught the edge of the sink, but that took her hands from the towel
that had wrapped her. Terrycloth promptly fell to the floor, exposing
her damp, luscious body. I'd never seen her beauty in broad daylight.
   Her breasts were even lovelier than I'd imaginedÄÄgenerous mounds,
tabular areolae and huge nipples: fat as thumb-tips and longer even
than Susan's. They were pink and swollen (as though she had washed
them for too long), and left no doubt as to the state of her arousal.
For long moments I stared before lowering my eyes to her matted bush.
The hair was two shades darker than that on her head, and trimmed to a
neat triangle that left her labia bare. My eyes widened at the sight
of the bulging lips, and the forbidden slit enchanted me.
   "Jesus!" Mary bent over to pick up her towel. "Please watch where
you're going."
   "I'm sorry." She didn't panic or hurry and was agonizingly slow to
settle the towel around her chest. I felt my cock strain against the
confines of my shorts. "Are you alright?"
   "I'll survive." Her eyes glanced at my shorts with amusement. "But
will you?"
   She stalked off before I could speak. I don't know why I didn't go
after her thenÄÄour parents were at workÄÄbut I left the bathroom door
open while I showered. Soapy hands made an unmistakable sound as they
moved up and down my erection. This was more than just washing myself,
and I was about to come when I heard a noise in the hallway. It had to
be Mary listening in on me. I determined to reserve the orgasm for
later, when it would be more useful.
   Mary wore a lightweight, and firm tits bounced and jiggled around
the house all day. The fabric was white and her dark nipples shone
through as plain as day; they seemed always to be erect. I stared at
them openly every chance I got, and she knew I was more than a little
excited by the size of my bulge. At times it seemed my shorts must
tear to shreds from the pressure within, but they somehow managed
contain me.
   My sister's shorts were skimpier than mine, and every time she sat
I saw labia peeking out around the taut crotch. Once she hyper-extend-
ed her legs and the tiny crotch slid into her crack. I gasped at the
sight of slick flesh when the cloth disappeared. She sat smiling,
enjoying my discomfiture. Suddenly I could take no more and reached
for my zipper. My cock was in my hand when she jumped to her feet and
ran to her bedroom, slamming the door behind her.
   I couldn't believe it. I felt rejected and went to my bedroom to
relieve my pent-up frustration. When I reached under the bed to
retrieve a Penthouse, I found a pair of panties. My heart raced when I
realized they were the ones I'd placed under her pillow. The little
devil had done more last night than borrow a magazine.
   I ripped off my shorts and ran for her bedroom. One way or another
I was determined to score a piece of my sister's sweet pussy. The
sounds of sex grew louder as I approached her bedroom door. Soft moans
and the wet, syrupy noises of her pussy. Mary was only fifteen, and
Mary was my sister, but she was using the dildo I had sucked. I wanted
not only to fuck her myself, but also to witness the extraordinary
event to a climatic conclusion. My hand moved to her door knob and
turned it. I held my breath as the door inched open.
   She lay on her back in bed, breasts jiggling in time to the hands
so busy below her waist. I was about to stick my head in the doorway
to see the show of my life when I heard the front door open and close.
If sound could kill I'd have died, then and there. The only people who
would enter without knocking were my mother and my father. Fear
tightened the back of my neck and I scurried for the safety of my
room. But when I turned the corner of the hall, I ran smack into
someone. We tumbled to the floor and I landed on top.
   "Jesus Christ!" Susan yelped.
   "Sorry." Although my apology was sincere, I made no effort to rise.
My erection was pinned comfortably between our bodies, and that seemed
a good place to leave it.
   "Did I interrupt something?" Susan's eyes widened as she realized
her predicament. She was naked under the skirt and my cock throbbed
against her pussy.
   "Kind of..." I tried to smile.
   One quick motion and my cock would nestle within her vulnerable
pussy. The thought drove me wild with passion. I lowered my mouth to
her lips and she returned my kiss. We moved our tongues together while
I rubbed my erection against the cleft of her pussy in the wettest
dry-fuck on earth. Her juices were soon running out and dripping from
my balls.
   Susan ended the kiss." Just what did I interrupt?"
   "I heard fucking sounds," I said, "and I think Mary's using the
dildo right now." I rose up slightly and Susan's eyes followed my
erection. She was probably wondering why I didn't fuck her while I had
the chance. "Mary's door was open and I was about to stick my head in
for a look when you came in. Jesus, I thought you were my mother or my
father."
   "She probably is using the dildo." Susan sat up with a blush on her
face. "I can come back later if you like. Do you want me to go?"
   "Are you serious?" I stared.
   "Yes." She brushed the blond bangs away from her eyes.
   I could believe neither ears nor eyes. She was sitting there
studying my erection like it was the best thing on earth, yet offered
to leave and let me continue to spy on my sister. The lewdness of her
offer aroused me beyond self-control. My hand found hers and led her
to my bedroom. I closed the door and settled on the bed to sit and
study her more thoroughly.
   Susan's hair was caught up in a bun and it added years to her age;
an older more sophisticated look. Her white blouse and black mini went
with the image perfectly, and she looked more like a seductive mis-
tress than a young school-girl. The fact that she was braless didn't
surprise me in the least. I'd have been disappointed had I been unable
to see her nipples shining through. Her skirt was short, too short to
be going without panties, but I knew she was.
   Susan gave me a wild look. "Talk to me." She saw the hunger in my
eyes and began to unbutton her blouse.
   "It started this morning. I bumped into her. I was going into the
bathroom as she was coming out and she almost fell. She managed to
catch herself, but her towel hit the floor. She was completely naked
in broad daylight. Even though she read the look in my eyes, she
picked up the towel and covered herself slowly, as if it was nothing.
I left the door open while I showered and I paid particular attention
to my erection. I'd have finished myself off, but I heard a noise in
the hall and knew she was listening. All day long we've been playing
cat and mouse. I kept getting hard and she kept flashing her crotch.
Her pussy has been peeking out all day, but a few minutes ago she
opened her legs a little too wide. I sat there and watched it swallow
the crotch of her shorts. It was more than I could take; I reached for
my cock and the moment I pulled it out she ran to her bedroom."
   "Why didn't you go after her?" Susan let her blouse fall to the
floor and she reached for her mini.
   "The only thing I wanted to do at that moment was relieve myself. I
went to my room to jerk-off, but when I reached under my bed for a
Penthouse I found the panties. You know, the ones I soiled and put
under her pillow. That was the last straw. I stripped off my clothes
and went after her. When I got to her door I heard the sound. You
know... the wet syrupy sound of a dildo in her cunt."
   Susan dropped her mini and walked to the bed. She stood before me
like the goddess of sex. "Are you sure you want me to stay?"
   "There's only one way I'll ever let you leave." I spread my knees
wide and reached for her. My hands went up the back of her thighs to
her buttocks and pulled her close.
   "How's that?" Susan's hands came down to my head and she nestled
against me.
   I looked up seriously. "Completely satisfied."
   Her nipples were pebbles against my face and the heat of her bush
burned my belly. Anxious hands cradled her ass while I kissed and
licked each square inch of her breasts. When I started to suckle at
the  nipples, she moaned and began to feed them to me. My hands slid
up her spine and I rolled back, pulling her with me. Our mouths met
and we kissed while she settled her pussy against my erection. Her
groove was an inverted trough that cycled the length of my straining
cock. Her cream oozed, bathing us in thick, syrupy lubricant. Whenever
her vaginal opening slid over my cock-cap and engulfed it, I thrust up
to its fiery grasp. But the opening always wriggled away.
   Sensing my impatience, Susan began to kiss down my chest. She
stopped to suck on my nipples and I was surprised at how good it felt.
Her tongue probed my belly button before descending to my erection.
She kissed and nibbled, up and down its length, while her sure hands
stroked it. Then she took the knob into her mouth. I cupped her head
when her tongue swirled around the cap and she made a gurgling sound
as her mouth came down, taking me deep into her throat. I was sur-
prised and moaned with pleasure. I'd never have believed it was
possible, but she was consuming my whole cock.
   "Jesus, Susan!" I tried to retain control of my faculties. "Where
in the hell did you learn that?"
   Susan's mouth slowly rose up off my cock. She licked her lips and
smiled. "I've been practicing on the dildo. Am I doing it right?"
   "Hell, yes!" I laughed and pulled her face back to my lap.
   Susan took me back into her mouth sucked with increasing ardor. Her
head moved up and down, faster and faster, and I knew I'd come soon. I
warned her, but she sucked even harder until finally I could delay no
more. Susan continued to suck as I exploded in her mouth, and swal-
lowed most of it before she lifted her mouth away. I rose up on my
elbows to watch her lick my spent cock clean. It turned me on so much
that I was hard again before she was finished.
   "It's my turn!" I said as I pushed her onto her back.
   "Oh please. I can't wait." She spread her legs wide open.
   I looked at her blond pussy for a glorious moment; a beautiful
sight, covered with syrupy cream and open for me. I poked a finger
into the tight hole, then removed the glistening digit and lifted it
to my lips. Susan intercepted my hand and pulled the finger to her own
mouth. I discerned the naughtiest look in her eyes as her tongue
darted out to taste her own juices. It turned me on.
   She sucked my finger clean and plugged it back into her oozing
hole. I leaned forward and sucked her clit while I thrust the finger
in and out. She moaned and her hands came down to my head as she
pulled me to her roughly. Her tight cunt pulsed around my finger and I
guessed she must be coming. Blindly I sent the finger off to her
waiting mouth and rammed my tongue into her pussy. She licked and
sucked her come from my fingers while I drank the nectar straight from
her hole. It was delicious!
   I tongued her pussy until the orgasm had passed, then kissed up the
muscular belly to her breasts. I stopped to suck on her nipples,
amazed at how hard they remained. I finally reached her mouth and we
kissed wetly. While our tongues waltzed in what had become a single
mouth, I thrust my erection against her slippery slit. I knew it was
time when her hand wormed in between us. She guided my helmet to her
vestibule and it slipped into the hot, tight hole. I suddenly wanted
to see what we were doing, so I knelt up and spread her legs back.
   "Fuck me, Rich," Susan pleaded.
   "Yes, Rich. Why don't you fuck her?" Mary's voice chirped from
behind me.
   I spun around, still holding Susan's legs back. The most embar-
rassing thing that could ever happen, had happened. My sister stood in
my doorway getting an eyeful. She was naked and leaned casually on the
door frame as though she'd been watching for hours.
   "Well?" said Mary with a toss of her hair. "Don't let me interrupt.
You two seemed to be having such a good time. Just carry on as you
were. I hope you don't mind if I watch, though."
   I was scarlet with embarrassment. Blood thundered in my temples,
but I couldn't let go of Susan. It was as if my cock were glued in the
entrance of her pussy.
   Mary came into the room, pulled the  chair up to the edge of my bed
and sat down. Hard nipples stuck out and she opened her legs wide.
Hairless lips parted to reveal a wetness she made no effort to hide.
   "Come on, you two," she said, her voice teasing and very erotic.
"Show me a good fuck. I've never seen my brother with a slut."
   "I'm not a fucking slut!" Susan snapped, but she lacked credibility
with my cock up her cunt.
   Mary smirked, then dropped a hand to the inside of her knee.
Tantalizing fingers slid slowly up her long smooth thigh until they
grazed her drenched labia. She touched her breasts with her other
hand, fingertips stroking slowly across uptilted nipples. Did they
grow even stiffer under her caress? She licked her lips delicately,
then smiled.
   "Still waters run deep, don't they brother? But I never thought I'd
catch you fucking my dear friend Susan. If you show me a really good
fuck, maybe I'll show you something even sexier!"
   Her fingers traced the length of her pussy lips and disappeared
sporadically between them. I swallowed hard; I'd squirted over many a
Penthouse pet who wasn't nearly so beautiful as she. I wanted her
under me and I wanted my cock to be her fingers.
   "Bang-bang!" Mary cupped her incredible tits and aimed the proud
pink nipples at me. "Turn me on, brother, and I'll return the favor!"
   This was a side of my sister I'd not seen before. For her to sit
there, holding her bare breasts, flashing her pussy while she stroked
it, talking dirty to us... it did crazy things to my head. If she
wanted to watch usÄÄwell damnit, we'd give her the show of her life.
   I returned my face to Susan, conscious that my sister was intently
watching our every move. I kissed daintily at her lips, still not
certain I should be doing this, but our tongues met again and there
was no stopping. Slowly, almost deliberately, I lowered my aching cock
into her hot, wet pussy until descending pubic arch met rising pubic
arch. Susan squeezed triumphantly and we began to fuck.
   I was vaguely aware that Mary was no longer seated in the chairÄÄ
that she was kneeling beside us. A hard, hot nipple brushed my bare
arm, sending tingles through my body. I glanced over at her. She was
flushed with excitement, lust burning in her watchful eyes. Wet sounds
gurgled from Susan's pussy but I didn't care, just kept moving my cock
in and out. Mary reached in to capture my balls in her hand.
   "Mmmm. Brother dear, this is some nice cock. You could have any
girl you want. All you have to do is show them this whopper!"
   Aflame with ardor, I could not speak. She smiled and began to
squeeze a rippling rhythm on my testicles. I wasn't sure if her hand
felt as good as Susan's pussy on my cock, but it was a welcome addi-
tion. My thrust grew longer and deeper.
   Susan had taken it all pretty calmly, considering that my sister
had caught us and called her a slut. But the calmness departed as our
fucking grew more intense. Her hot little hole was soon clutching and
tilting hips matched thrust for thrust.
   "Oh shit, Rich, I'm gonna come on your cock!" Susan groaned and I
froze, sure that any further motion would send me over the edge, too.
   "Go ahead, brother; fuck her all the way off!" Mary sensed my
hesitation and whispered in my ear, her tongue tapping the words into
my soul. "You're doing just fine so far. And you deserve to come!"
   I raised up on my arms, and Susan grabbed my ass while I pumped my
cock possessively into the orgasmic clasp of her pussy. She jerked up
and down, twisting furiously. My cock sloshed in and out until the
first squirt splashed into the depths of her vagina. I moaned and
slammed home. My sister giggled and continued to milk my balls until
they were empty.
   "Now it's time for the best part," Mary said in a teasing voice.
She pulled me from Susan and rolled me onto my back, then straddled my
lap and tugged Susan up. Before I realized what was happening, it was
too late. Like a stooping hawk, Susan's dripping pussy descended on my
mouth. I knew what come looked like and felt like, but was I ready to
have it flow into my mouth, even from such a lovely vessel?
   "Eat her, brother!" Mary wiggled her pussy against my spent cock.
The juice seemed hotÄÄalmost scaldingÄÄbut it hit my taste buds, and
it was delicious! I opened my mouth wide and implored Susan to drain
her pussy and fill me. What I couldn't swallow dripped from my lips.
   My tongue was still slimy from the excess when Mary pushed Susan
off my face and pulled my mouth to hers for a kiss that opened my
eyes. Her tongue worked into my mouth, and she was actually sucking
Susan's and my come out! Her hand grasped my cock, stroking roughly,
and her bare tits were irresistible melons wriggling over my chest.
   "I've never seen anything like that!" Mary panted, "And I thought
I'd seen it all!"
   How anyone could have seen everything at her age I don't know, but
Mary was clearly not unschooled. She kissed like nobody's business and
her hand technique was probably illegal in fourteen states. I wondered
what would happen next; she seemed to be the one in control.
   She kept kissing me, but her eyes glanced downward. I was as hard
now as I'd ever be in this life or the next, and she sent her fingers
round and round the swollen proof of her talent. One last kiss on the
mouth, and then she was going down my neck, onto my chest.
   I didn't have much hair there, but my nipples were hard as her own.
She licked them and sucked them, even bit them. It made me groan, but
it was a good groan, full of pleasure. Her breasts were suddenly in my
hands, as perfect as I'd always imagined they would be. The flesh was
firm and slightly spongy, and my fingers rolled round and round her
hard pointed nipples.
   Mary kept moving downward, and I somehow knew she would take my
cock into her mouth. Her lips hovered an inch above the shiny helmet.
   "This is the best way to get boy-come!" She licked her lips and
slid downward over my prick. I heard her groan slightly, but she
didn't hesitate a second as she took me all the way into her throat. I
don't know where my sister picked up the trick, but she was damn good.
   Susan was sitting up, stroking her pussy. It was obvious that she
found the view arousing as hell. Despite the orgasm she'd  had all
over and around my cock, her pussy was beginning to glow again. The
more she rubbed herself, the hornier and wetter she became. Her eyes
were intent, watching Mary suck my cock.
   My sister gulped and gobbled, effortlessly fucking my engorged cock
with mouth and throat. She looked up at me, smug pride in her beaming
eyes, but she had the technique to back up the smugness. Her tongue
rapped me lewdly, and the hand on my balls beat rhythmic squeezes that
sent me stabbing deeper into her bottomless throat.
   If I didn't come in ten seconds, I would die.
   Actually, I doubt I lasted five. I howled as my balls erupted, and
a river squirted up the long shaft of my dick. The tip was at the
bottom of Mary's throat, and she gulped the load as it poured into
her. She didn't blink an eye, though the corners of her mouth lifted
in an arrogant smile as she swallowed my gift.
   Panting hoarsely, Mary had finally to come up for air. I was still
fondling the breasts she'd urged into my hands, when she opened her
legs wide. The musky odor of her arousal went directly from nostrils
to brain and danced with my will like Salome. One whiff and I had to
fuck my sister. I cupped her crotch with one hand, finger slipping
into the fiery center of her body. Slippery juices oozed from the taut
opening, and now it was my turn to look smug. My sister had been
arousedÄÄby sucking my cock.
   "Sis? You said you'd show me something sexy," I reminded her.
   Mary smiled. A bubble emerged from between her lips. It started to
slide down her chin, but she caught it on a finger tip.
   "Here." She offered the juice to Susan. Susan's mouth opened and
sucked, then closed and sucked. "Should we show him something really,
really sexy?"
    Susan blushed. "Are you sure? I'm game if you are, but..."
   I had no idea what they were talking about until Mary thrust her
face between Susan's legs. My sister's tongue darted into Susan's
pussy and I gasped. Susan's blue eyes rolled lasciviously and she lay
back, surrendering to pleasure. Mary swung into a sixty-nine and
lowered her pussy. Susan's tongue speared up to meet her.
   Nothing on earth, and I mean nothing, could have prepared me for
what I witnessed. They licked and sucked each other as though bred and
born for eating pussy. My cock throbbed, and Mary grasped it posses-
sively, keeping it hard while she ate her dearest friend.
   Susan began to moan loudly. She was getting off, but my sister kept
lapping like a dog drinking from its favorite bowl. Finally, Mary
looked up from Susan's golden pussy, and pushed me onto my back.
   "I want you now," she said as she straddled me. Leaning forward,
she caressed my face with pink-nippled breasts. With lips and tongue I
kissed the points, sucking one into my mouth. Mary sighed and wriggled
her pussy against my aching cock.
   She stroked her creamy slit with the tip, then swamped me with her
pussy, grinding the length of my dick. Her pussy was even more lively
than her mouth had been, swooping up and down my tool, milking me with
muscles I'd never suspected that girls possessed. We fucked and kissed
and shared the flavor of Susan's pussy in our mouths.
   I wanted Susan on my face while sister rode my cock, but when I
looked for her she was gone. I imagined her walking down the street,
freshly fucked pussy still wet and naked under her short, skimpy mini.
   Mary sensed my excitement and moved faster and faster as my orgasm
built. Finally I moaned and blasted my sister's pussy in the greatest
orgasm of the day.
   I was ready when Mary shifted her pussy from my cock to my face.
I knew what she wanted and would never hesitate to drink from that
well. The unique flavor of our mingled love flooded my mouth. By the
time she lifted from my lips I was almost hard again.
   It was almost time for our parents to get home, so we had to call
it a day. We kissed one last time before Mary rose reluctantly to go
to her room.

--
