The Wizard
by the Mutant for Hire


"I cast my spell of detect evil."

"The whole place starts radiating of evil down to the very stones. You
can't make out any special concentrations of evil anywhere."

"Oh. Why am I here again?"

"You're here for the money, plus the chance to loot a wizard's
tome of magic. And you decided to come here, not me."

Samantha grinned at me, "Well, Arithel is a little impulsive, isn't
she." Arithel was a half-elf fighter/magic-user/thief. Arithel looked
remarkably like Samantha, who was petite, with short brown hair,
sparkling blue eyes, and a mischevious expression. She herself was
pretty elfin, except for lacking pointy ears. I guess she wanted to
play a character close to home for once, except that fortunately she
wasn't half as flutter-brained as her character.

Currently she was raiding an evil wizard's tower, on a solo
adventure, so it was just me and her. I awarded bonuses in experience
points for good role-playing, and the players usually got into it.
Samantha, in an attempt to get lots of experience points to compensate
for dividing them up between three professions, had shown up for this
gaming session dressed for the part.

Since Arithel wore black leather armor, Samantha had shown up wearing
in addition to a plain white blouse, a black leather vest, black
leather pants held up by a black leather belt and black leather boots.
I had never seen her dress this way before, but the look alone
guaranteed lots of bonus experience points, just so she'd dress this
way again. Then again, knowing Samantha, she was probably counting on
this. I hate having my weaknesses exploited. I took another look at
the tight leather pants. Well, hate isn't the right word. "Okay, so
what does our impulsive half-elf do?" I remarked.

"Um, I'm at the base of the stairway right? And I saw funny changing
lights coming out of the top of the tower. So I cast my invisibility
spell and try to move as quietly as possible up the stairs to the
top."

"I roll for stealth." Clatter, clatter. "You move up the stairs, as
quietly as you know how. There are landings at each story, three in
all, before the top. You see closed doorways at each level, no
distinct markings, no distinct sounds. You head straight to the top?"
At her nod I continue, "At the top of the stairs you reach a door with
the wizard's red spiral painted on it. As you stand in front of the
door, a magic mouth appears at your feet saying 'Welcome', while
another magic mouth before you says 'company, master!'"

"I'm invisible! How can they trigger?" she looked a trifle miffed.

Technically I didn't need to answer, but I did anyway. "The wizard
said that anyone standing on that spot who wasn't an orc or him was to
trigger that magic mouth. When that mouth triggered, so did the other.
You're invisible to sight, not touch. Next time, try levitating first,
if there is a next time." I smiled nastily.

"Well he still can't see me. I throw the door open and draw my sword!"
Okay, she was supposed to run at this point, but I guess she's
role-playing Arithel to the point of insanity, or possibly a new
character.

"The door opens easily and swings open silent as a tomb. You burst in.
There's a tall wizard there, black hair, hazel eyes, quite good
looking, with an evil expression on his face." Any resemblance between
the wizard and the GM is purely coincidental, trust me. Really. "He's
dressed in a black shirt and breeches, and wearing nothing on his
feet." When Samantha had warned me she was dressing up in character, I
got out the black shirt and jeans and rewrote the wizard's
description just a bit.

"Really?" She eyed me up and down. "Pity to kill him. Arithel moves as
fast as possible towards time, trying to disrupt any spell-casting,
shouting, 'die evil wizard!'"

I reached into a pocket and pulled out a black rod, specially made up
for the occasion. I pointed it at Samantha. "The wizard draws his wand
utters a word. Roll versus sleep." Clatter clatter. "I'm sorry, but
you blow your saving throw. You go sleepy time. You wake up in a
dungeon, your wrists chained to the wall."

"Crap!" Samantha uttered. Then she looked up at me, mischeviously,
"Well, I figure I probably won't get the gem or the book, so I might
as well go for the experience points. Lets role-play this out, I don't
think we need to do dice rolling or table lookups to handle this." She
grinned at me.

I smiled back, "Fine, but how are we going to set up you shackled to a
wall?"

"Well, I have these right here..." she reached into a bag and pulled
out a pair of leather cuffs, nicely padded. Looked very new to my eye.
"And those loops in the walls where you have the plants hanging from
look very sturdy to me, just the right height too." They were, and
that wasn't coincidence. I began to wonder how much of this she had
planned in advance.

I strapped the cuffs to her wrists, and pulled the plants off the
loops and put her on them. "Remember, 'scene off' will stop
everything," I reminded her. If she didn't know what a scene safeword
was, she had the functional equivalent from the live action stuff we
did. "You ready? 'scene on'"

Samatha, immediately feigned unconsciousness and then faked coming
around, "Where am I....you!" She looked up at me hostile and outraged.

"Yes me. I'm quite pleased to have you visit my tower, I seldom get
visitors so lovely and charming." I let my eyes wander over her
lingeringly, just for role-playing effect, mind you. Originally the
wizard was a raving loon, but I wasn't in the mood for playing one, so I
decided to go slick as grease.

"Get me out of these chains and I'll show you charming, wizard!" she
hissed at me. She pulled at the cuffs, ineffectually. Samantha was
quite secure in that setup, she couldn't get out without my help. It
was sort of thrilling, but Samantha had never even hinted at anything
like this, until now.

"If I let you out of those chains you'll either try to kill me or try
to escape the tower. Either way would deny me of your company." I ran
a finger over her face, lingeringly. She tried to shake off my hand in
character, but I could see she was enjoying this episode herself.

"One way or another, I'll find a way out," she promised grimly.

I looked her over, "Oh yes, dreadful of me. I get so forgetful these
days. Got your sword, but forgot the rest of your equipment. I guess
I'll just have to remove it now. It is more enjoyable when you're
awake for it anyway." I winked at her.

I reached over and pulled the various pouches off her belt. Filled
with miscellaneous junk, including a few bits of metal that were
presumably supposed to be thieving tools. I pulled the knife of her
belt, and the one in her boot-top. Nice stuff, but she was a SCAdian.

"Well, we got the obvious stuff, but is there more? I think a more
*personal* search is called for now." I leered at her, then looked
carefully at her, a question in my eyes.

"You fiend! You dare touch a pure elf-maiden? Defile her with your
foul paws, reaching and grasping and groping over her bosom?" Her tone
was horrified to the point of mockery. I think she won the melodrama
overload award of the campaign. She seemed a little flush and
breathing hard, and I swear she was heaving said bosom deliberately in
my direction.

"Lets start down here," I knelt between her legs. Her ankles were not
bound, but she hadn't tried anything with them, which was another
reassuring sign. Samantha did struggle a bit as I pulled off her
boots, and found a piece of metal tied to her left ankle. "Hmm. Nasty
bit of metal, could harm your fair and delicate skin." I peeled off
her socks just to make sure there wasn't anything nasty, of course,

I slid my hands up her legs. The way those jeans fit, a piece of paper
would probably have been noticeable under them, but I did it anyway.
"Feels clean here, I'll make sure in a little while." I ran my hands
over her rear, and squeezed her behind, she squealed and glared at me.

"Foul lecher, how dare you touch the seat of an elven maiden???"

"I touch a *half-elven* maiden like this!" I gave her tush a pinch for
good measure, she squealed again. I was starting to get into this.
Samatha was attractive, and as my girlfriend had given me my walking
papers, I was at liberty again. "Now lets keep moving up here." I
pulled off her belt, there was a wire inlaid on it. How much of this
had she planned in advance? "Nasty thing wire, can cut into your fair
delicate skin."

I got up off my knees and stood before her. "Let's see what you've got
hidden here," I addressed to her torso. Her vest was laced up the
front. I unlaced it slowly. I ran my hands over her blouse, feeling
through to what was contained within. I felt her breasts through the
shirt, and felt her nipples starting to harden and poke out through
the shirt's fabric.

She sighed happily for a moment, then recovered and went back to
outraged elfin maiden. "Foul wizard, I will avenge myself for this
outrage! I will...eep!" I pinched her nipples, hard through the
blouse. The lecture was forgotten as I held them and twisted them
slightly. A gasp rewarded my efforts.

"Hmm, hiding a great treasure inside, I must take a closer look." I
slowly unbuttoned the top button of her shirt, then leisurely went
down. She rattled her chains and made some effort to struggle with her
wrists, but the flushed look and heavy breathing gave lie to the
seriousness of her efforts. Soon I had the front of her shirt fully
undone. With a dramatic flourish, I pulled the front of her shirt. Her
breasts, small but nicely formed, jutted out at me, nipples brown and
hard. Very attractive.

"No..." she moaned softly. I leaned over and started to play with her
breasts using hands and mouth. The no's went on until they degenerated
into low level moans of pleasure. I had fun with this for some time,
and then decided to see if we could go onto the next level, so to
speak.

"I wonder," I added gleefully, "What other treasures you conceal?" I
unbuttoned her pants and unzipped her fly. She tried to move her hips
away. "No wizard, please, take my gold, take my spell book, take my
weapons and armor, take my '1001 uses for a dead Dwarf' book! Anything
but that!"

"Gold I have in plenty," I sneered, "and your petty spell book has no
appeal to me. Weapons and armor have no use to a wizard such as
myself, and I wrote that book many years ago. No, the only thing you
have that I want is yourself, and I will take that instead!"

I peeled off her jeans. This actually required covert cooperation from
her, considering the fact they were nearly spray-painted on. She did
get to struggle a bit while I pulled off her black panties, but
fortunately she was careful enough I didn't need a codpiece for armor.
Now she stood before me, mostly naked, chained to the wall and
helpless. Her hands were in good shape, so I decided to keep her to
the wall as long as possible. How often did one have a half-elf
chained to one's wall these days?

I admired her for a little bit, then decided to take action. I stroked
a finger slowly up her thigh, finally reaching the mound between her
legs. I stroked a finger over her labial lips, and held up a damp
finger to her. "Enjoying this, aren't we?"

She shook her head, "No. Elven maiden reaction. We do that when we get
scared, really."

I stroked my fingers down there, then squeezed her clit. She
shuddered. "Let's see how scared we can get you then, shall we?"

I started to move my fingers in and out of her, while I played over
her clit with my thumb. Samantha moaned and started to rock her hips,
protesting elven maiden role pretty much forgotten for the moment. I
twirled my fingers in circles inside of her, would work her clit
furiously with my fingers, I would plunge my fingers in hard. I varied
each of these actions, but soon I returned to sliding three fingers in
and out of her, stroking her clit, moving faster and faster. Samatha
moved faster and faster, moaning louder and louder, until suddenly her
moans shot up about two octaves and rang throughout the apartment.
Well, the neighbors had heard worse. Her cunt contracted around my
fingers as she shook there against the wall.

When her shakings subsided, I checked her hands up against the wall.
Looks like she had good circulation. So I licked my fingers, "Hmm.
Sweet elven ambrosia, but it is much better to sup such things at the
source."

Her words were a pleading "Oh, please," but I wasn't sure if that was
an affirmative or a negative. But she spread her legs for me as I
knelt my head down and planted my tongue against her genitalia. I
started to work now with tongue and teeth, using my fingers to keep
her lips spread wide. Her moans were louder now, her juices flowing
nicely over my mouth and face. I slid my tongue all over, gently
teething her clit carefully, rubbing it hard with my tongue. I played
her slowly, then picked up the pace. Samantha responded well. Soon we
were racing towards another orgasm for her, when I suddenly stopped.

I stood up. She leaned against the wall, stark incomprehension on her
face. I ran a finger teasingly between her legs. Samantha moaned and
pressed into it. "You've had enough fun on your own, I've whetted my
appetite," I punned at her.

I decided it was time to peel off my clothes. I pulled off my shirt,
my jeans, my underwear, and stood naked before her. My erection
pointed directly at her. I went over to a cupboard and pulled out a
small bag. I held a gold coin in my hand, "Did you think that these
were money?" I snickered, "+3 condom of protection. No good dungeon
should be without them."

I popped the coin open, peeled the condom over my hard-on, and then
sidled up to Samantha. "Well, Arithel, are you ready to face a
wizard's wand?" I asked her in my best evil-wizard persona.

She looked up, sighed piteously, "Alas, my elven maidenhood is to be
taken by a evil wizard, oh the horror, oh the shame!" Given what I
knew of Samantha, her maidenhood was beyond issue and the way
Arithel's was played, I doubted the wizard was going to be claiming
her maidenhood either.

Looking at the height differential and other geometrical problems I
decided it was time to take her down. I unhooked her from the wall.
She struggled in my grip, but I carried her off to my bed, while she
bemoaned the shame she would face to her elven peers. I tossed her onto
the bed and climbed on top of her. She held still long enough to let
me slide in, but after that it got to be an interesting ride.

I slid in and out of her, and she bucked and twisted beneath me. I
pinned her shoulders down and kept plunging in and out of her while
the rest of her writhed underneath me. Her moans were louder now than
before. The more she tried to shake me off, the harder I went on her.
Soon we were moving almost violently and her moans and shrieks echoed
through the apartment. With a loud shriek that I felt down to my
fillings she came, and when she clenched around my cock I fired off
myself, pumping away.

Finally, we collapsed in a heap. I disposed of the +3 condom of
protection, having used up its solitary charge. Samantha and I nestled
on the bed together for some time, in comfortable silence. Then I saw
her smile and twinkle and suddenly go, "Alas, my maidenhood has been
taken by a foul wizard! I am a disgrace to elven-kind! Surely my
master will repudiate me, what is a poor elven girl to do?" she
sobbed.

I smiled my evil best at her, "It just so happens I'm in the need of a
student to teach now and then, when she needs to go up levels. I think
you would find my training to be most....stimulating."

When the whole party reassembled a couple of weeks later, having gone
their various solo adventures, they were quite surprised that Arithel
had gone from chaotic good to lawful evil, and had picked up an evil
wizard as her new teacher in magic. They presume she had stumbled
across some nasty artifact or the wizard had done something really
nasty. They were quite surprised when Arithel and her player resisted
all efforts to get her 'curse' lifted off her. Neither of us chose to
correct their mistake. And every time she was due to go up a level,
she got an *extensive* training session in the wizard's dungeon.

The rest of the time, we did it as ourselves.
