Work
by deirdre, 11/2/94

It was too dressy for work.  "Do you think it's too dressy?" she asked.

"No," I answered, smiling.  "You *have* to go wild now and then."  She smiled 
a relieved smile.  Marie, that is.  It was morning and she'd just come into my 
office.  The dress was too sexy--it was dark, tight, short, and the neckline 
plunged.  OK for the right date, but wrong for work.  Very wrong.  But what 
could I say?  And why was she wearing it?

"Dave made me wear it."

Weird.  "Looks like something Dave might like you in.  I guess he's not the 
jealous type.  You let him decide what you wear?"

"Today I did.  Yesterday was his birthday."  Still weird.

"And you're still celebrating?"

"I told him that for his birthday, starting yesterday evening, I'd do anything 
he wanted for 24 hours."  Now *that* intrigued me.  I looked at Marie.

"Anything?" I asked.

"Anything."

I guess she liked to live dangerously.  My curiosity was *really* aroused.  
What would Dave do with an opportunity like that?  What *happened* last night? 
 
Innocent-seeming little Marie.  "And how was it?"  *That* was the right 
question: not too nosey, but open-ended enough to see if she'd talk.

"Well, he took me out.  In this dress, too."  She was talking!  "It was 
supposed to be an evening for him but it was as if it were *my* birthday the 
whole time!"

"Really?"  This intrigued me too.  Maybe Dave had qualities that I'd missed.

"I think he was trying to soften me up."

"Your promise wasn't enough?"

"Well, things *did* get pretty wild afterwards."

"But you survived?"  Something inside me wanted me to keep her talking.  She 
looked over her shoulder even though my office door was shut; then leaned 
closer and talked in a lower voice.

"He... took me into the bedroom and had me lean against the bed, well, sort of 
half lie on it..." She looked at me confused.  "Like this," she continued and 
she bent her body face down over the end of my desk so her body was supported 
by her arms on the desk and her rear was right at the edge.  I thought about 
the possibilities.

"And?" I asked.  Nosey or not, I had to know.  Leaning like that, the tops of 
her breasts were quite visible.

"He had me lift my dress."  She took the edge of her dress with one hand and 
lifted it a couple of inches towards her rear, then stopped.

"That far?"

She giggled.  "Until my rear was bare."

"What about your pantyhose?"

"He had me stay bare under the dress all evening."

I gulped.  I glanced at her legs: no hose.  "To the restaurant?"

"Oh yes."

"What was that like."

She looked thoughtful.  "Interesting," she finally offered.

"Well what happened next?"

"You seem awfully nosey!"

"Well you started it and I can't help but be curious."

"He had me reach back and feel myself."  She actually reached back and put her 
hand on her rear.  Over the rear of her dress.  She was wearing what he told 
her to.  I just *knew* she was bare under the dress right now!  She had to be! 
 
"Well, my dress was up, of course," she added in case I didn't get the 
picture.

"You did that while he just watched?"

"For a little while.  Then he pulled out his cock and got behind me."

Well, we were getting explicit now!  "And he did it with you from behind?  Men 
do like that."

"Well, I was hot.  I was ready for it.  But..."

"But what?"

"He did me *back there*."  I mulled over what she was saying and it hit me 
what she meant.  I was almost bowled over!  Dave doing *that* to little Marie?

"You two *do* that?"

"It was the first time."  I stared at her.

"Did it...?"

"Oh, I was so ready!  I *loved* it!  I screamed so loud."  Dave doing that to 
little Marie!  Marie screaming in pleasure!  I was mesmerized by the picture 
in my mind.  "It was... so... good... " came Marie's voice.  I shook myself 
out of my daze.  Her hand was pressed against her own rear!  *She* looked like 
she was in a daze!  I just knew her rear was bare underneath that dress.  Her 
hand moved briefly and the dress edged higher.  I could just reach out and 
pull it up over her rear.

She was staring at me.  She didn't say anything--she just had a look on her 
face.

"Do you know what I mean?" she finally asked.  Her voice was a little breathy.

"Yes," I answered.

"Would you want to see him... and me?"

I gulped but didn't answer.  I should have said *of course not*.  "Are you 
going to answer?" she added.  I still sat there, mute.

"He's at home.  Come to my house."  She stood up and pulled on my hand.

How would I ever explain this?  Just taking off from work with Marie!  She was 
driving me to her house.  "His orders this morning," she said as she drove, 
"were to go get a woman and bring her back to him."
