THE WICKED STEPDAD


(Author's Note:  This story is for Dennis... my twisted lover.)


Kevin was barely 18 when his mother, divorced for almost six years,
returned home from vacationing in Las Vegas and announced that she was
married.  It came as a complete surprise to Kevin, who had known she was
seeing someone but didn't know it was "that" serious.  Kevin had never met
Jim before, and he certainly didn't think his mother was the type to elope
with someone... let alone someone he'd never met.

Kevin's first meeting with Jim was a little awkward.  Jim was a big man
and a little intimidating.  Years of laboring as a construction foreman
had given him an incredible body... he was well-muscled and beefy.  If it
weren't for the touches of gray at the temples of his short, dark, wavy
hair, Jim would look very much like a pro football player in his prime. 
Kevin was no match for him physically, with his lithe swimmer's build...
and with Kevin's blond hair and blue eyes, certainly no one would mistake
them for father and son.

Jim seemed like a quiet guy, and Kevin couldn't tell what was on his mind
the first time they met.  At that meeting, around the kitchen table of his
mother's house, he and Kevin avoided each other's stares while Kevin's
mother prattled on and on about how much they had in common... most of
which centered around their similar tastes in food and sports.  Kevin felt
his face flush several times when he caught himself staring at Jim's
crotch... but Kevin really couldn't help it since it was obvious that Jim
was packing one monster of a cock in his well-worn Levi's.  Kevin guessed
it to be at least eight inches long, maybe nine, and extremely thick...
with huge balls that looked like twin eggs squashed beneath the fabric of
Jim's jeans.  Kevin wondered what it looked like out of those pants...
what it would feel like in his hand.

It was agreed that Jim would officially move in at the next week-end. 
Kevin agreed to help, and Jim offered to give Kevin his old waterbed for
his room.  Kevin was already looking forward to it since it would probably
be his first opportunity to see Jim without his shirt on... and that
thought caused his cock to start swelling as he sat there at the kitchen
table.  In fact, his cock started getting so hard that he crossed his legs
to hide the bulge that was now growing in his sweat pants.

Kevin's mother stayed with her new husband at his old apartment until the
week-end.  They packed everything up during the week so that, by Saturday,
it was all ready to move.  Jim arrived in his pick-up early Saturday
morning to get Kevin.  They didn't say much to each other on the way back
to Jim's apartment, chatting idly about this-and-that sports team.

The move took almost all day.  Kevin was amazed at Jim's strength... he
admired Jim's body as he strained to lift the heavy boxes and furniture,
and he loved the way he smelled... hot and musky... it made Kevin so horny
that at one point he had to excuse himself into the bathroom where he
quickly and quietly made himself cum by rubbing and lightly squeezing the
head of his cock with his hands while he sat on the toilet.

After a full day of moving, Kevin's mom stayed behind at Jim's old
apartment to clean up while Jim and Kevin went home to unpack Jim's
things.  "Do you want to set up the waterbed tonight?  It's not that hard
to put together", asked Jim.  Kevin responded that, yes, he'd like that. 
Yes, he thought to himself, he'd like that very much because he was eager
to lay on that bed and jerk-off... he wondered how many times Jim had cum
in that bed.  The thought of Jim's huge cock shooting cum in ecstatic
spasms while he writhed on that undulating mattress was almost more than
Kevin could take... his cock began to stir.


As they began moving Kevin's bed to make room for the waterbed, Kevin was
shocked speechless... there, before his eyes, a couple of old all-male
porn magazines came into plain sight when the mattress was lifted from the
box spring.  "Oh, fuck...," Kevin gasped.  How could he be so stupid, he
thought... he had made the mistake of stashing his gay porn in several
places so his mother wouldn't find them and, in his excitement to get the
waterbed together, had completely forgot about this cache of old magazines
hidden in his bed!

His mouth stood open as Jim, still holding the mattress in mid-air, stared
down at the magazines with naked men on their covers.  "Just what the hell
are these?" Jim demanded.  He stared in disbelief at Kevin, who was too
embarrassed to speak.  Kevin felt his cheeks flush red again.  Kevin
reached down to pick up the magazines, not knowing what to say.

Jim dropped the mattress, which landed crosswise on the box spring.  With
a slight frown on his face, he said, "Your momma didn't tell me you were
queer," he said, a sick grin on his face.  There was nothing Kevin could
do... it was pointless to try to explain.  Then, oddly, his embarrassment
turned to anger as he started to view Jim as an interloper in his home.

"Yeah, well, so what?  Like you never wanted to do another guy in your
life...," Kevin said in a loud but wavering voice.  "It isn't any of your
fucking business anyway!"

"The hell it ain't!" Jim replied.  Just then, he reached across the bed
and grabbed Kevin by the arm, twisting it behind him and pushing him face
down across the mattress.  Kevin felt the big man's hand, which was the
size of a dinner plate, fold around his bicep.  "I'm going to have to
teach you a lesson about the facts of life!"

As Kevin tried to raise up and turn his head toward Jim, he glimpsed at
the sneer on Jim's face as he covered him from behind.  "What th--", Kevin
started to say... but Jim quickly had one arm around Kevin's waist and the
other over his mouth as he leaned forward, pushing him back down onto the
bed.  Jim, his breath rapid with excitement, growled in a low voice just
behind Kevin's head, "I didn't know you were a queer, kid... but now that
I do, we're going to have a little fun.  You're going to like this."

Kevin, who had been writhing beneath this giant of a man, suddenly stopped
and began to consider what was taking place.  Instantly, his cock grew
hard beneath him... at the same time, he felt Jim's huge tool start to
grow as Jim began to grind it repeatedly into his left buttock.  Sensing
Kevin's submission, Jim let go of his mouth and loosened his grip on his
arm slightly.

"You ever taken it up the ass before, boy?" Jim whispered in a low growl. 
"You ever been fucked like a woman?"

"Nuh... nuh... noo," came Kevin's reply.  Fear flashed across his eyes as
he turned his head to look up at Jim's hardened features.  Truth was, he
had always dreamed of exactly this scene... being raped by a real specimen
of a man... feeling a huge cock pound in his ass while he moaned in the
agony and ecstasy... it was a vision to which he had masturbated a million
times... his greatest fantasy.


"Well, we're going to change that," came Jim's reply.  Jim was breathing
heavily now... grinding his groin into Kevin's behind.  As he loosened his
grip entirely, Jim rose to his knees over Kevin's backside, and Kevin
heard him unbuckle his belt and unfasten the buttons on his Levi's.  Kevin
lay quietly on the bed, face down, not looking at Jim... he was scared to
death of being ripped apart by this man, yet the thought of being fucked
by his mother's husband, his stepfather!, was so exciting that he could
not help but grind his own groin into the now-bare mattress, which was
still askew on the box spring and moving noticeably under his thrusting.

"Get up," came Jim's command.  Kevin complied, rising to his feet, his
stiff cock straining against the fabric of his jeans, a growing wet spot
obvious near the waistband.  "Well, well... you're looking forward to
this," said Jim.  "That's good.  That's real good."

"Get out of those clothes," Jim barked.  Kevin silently, slowly, removed
first his t-shirt, exposing a nipple ring that, until now, only a few of
his teen-age friends knew about.  "Nice," whispered Jim, reaching to tug
lightly on the ring.  "Now your pants," he said.

When Kevin was completely naked, except for his white athletic socks, and
Jim had removed his boots and jeans, Jim reached behind Kevin and pushed
him firmly down to the floor.  Kevin sat there, staring at Jim.  His legs
were huge, well-muscled and very hairy.  He was wearing a faded blue
t-shirt and a pair of white briefs, which his cock had made into an oddly
shaped tent, pulling the waistband from around his waist.  Kevin could see
the dark, thick hair on his lower stomach and the incredibly thick top of
his pubic hair.  He stared at Jim's crotch, not daring to look up at his
face.

Jim moved forward slightly and was then standing over him.  Kevin could
smell his man-scent.  "Suck me," Jim said.  Kevin didn't move.  He had
given blow-jobs before, but this suddenly seemed very wrong to him.  "Suck
me, damn it!" Jim growled.  Jim reached one big hand down and grabbed
Kevin by his hair, lifting him up and shoving Kevin's face against his
crotch in one motion.  "Suck me NOW!"

Kevin scrambled to his knees and, reaching up with quivering hands,
grabbed the waistband of Jim's underwear and began removing it.  "Hurry
the fuck up, damn you!" Jim bellowed.  Kevin ripped Jim's underwear down
and Jim kicked them away.  There, inches from Kevin's face, hard and
hanging from its own weight, was Jim's huge cock.  It was the biggest cock
Kevin had ever seen... bigger than anything in his magazines and movies,
and it was pulsating.  It was hard and hung slightly to the left... it had
to be at least nine inches long... it was huge and thick, hanging from a
dense growth of dark curly hair which grew all over the surrounding thighs
and up toward the stomach of this incredible man.  And his balls were
gigantic... the size of large plums... and they were hanging in a furry
pouch that seemed to sag with their weight.

"Suck it!" Jim demanded.  Suddenly Kevin's hand was around the base of
Jim's cock, lifting it towards his mouth.  He was lost in this moment,
fearing that he could never satisfy this man.  As soon as he put the
enormous engorged head of it in his mouth, Jim seized the back of Kevin's
head in his hand, forcing his cock down Kevin's throat.  Kevin gagged on
it and tried to pull away, but Jim's grip was firm.  Kevin reached up with
his other hand to shove Jim away, but it was no use.  Jim had both hands
laced through Kevin's hair now, and his cock was going nowhere but
straight down Kevin's throat.  Kevin was in agony and could not hold back
the gagging... for a fleeting second, he thought of biting down in
self-defense but then thought better... he would never get away from Jim.


"I'm going to fuck your face good, boy," Jim growled.  "You might as well
get used to it."  Tears came to Kevin's eyes as he felt Jim slightly
withdraw his cock from his throat, only to plunge it in again.  As Jim
pumped his monster in and out of Kevin's mouth, Kevin began to relax... he
had lost his hard-on in his fear, but it had started to return.  As he
accepted Jim's repeated thrusting, he started to think about what was
happening.  And he started to think about how he enjoyed it.

He reached up and cupped Jim's balls in his hand.  Jim spoke in a deep,
labored voice as Kevin's hand touched his balls.  "That's it... mmmm... so
good...," Jim moaned.  Jim's rhythm changed slightly... it became more
regular and a little less rough.  He's enjoying this, Kevin thought... and
that made him very hard.  Kevin started to concentrate on actually sucking
Jim's gorgeous cock.  He used his tongue the best he could to lick the
underside of its immense shaft... and he tried to relax as he felt the
head plunge repeatedly down his throat.  As Kevin fondled the big man's
balls in one hand, he reached around Jim's ass with the other and started
to squeeze Jim's tightening ass.  Jim released his hold around Kevin's
head slightly now... they were both enjoying this and Jim was near
orgasm... Jim's eyes closed as he thrust his cock in Kevin's mouth, while
Kevin held onto his ass tightly, pulling him in his mouth, working this
monster cock like he had never dreamed he could.

"Time to fuck your tight little asshole," Jim said.  He suddenly stopped
thrusting into Kevin's face.  Kevin let him pull his cock out of his
mouth... he saw it hanging there, hard and glistening, foaming with his
spit and Jim's precum.  Kevin swallowed hard.  "I... I've never been
fucked before," he whispered.  Jim grinned an evil grin.  "That's okay...
we'll go slow," he said.  Kevin knew better than to believe him.

Jim got down on the floor next to Kevin and began to tug hard on Kevin's
nipple ring.  It hurt.  "You like your tits worked over, boy?  Turn
over... I'm going to work your ass for you now," Jim commanded.  Kevin
reluctantly turned over onto his stomach, his hard-on burying itself in
the carpet.  It felt rough on his tender cock head, which had been swollen
now for quite some time.

As Kevin rose to his knees, Kevin turned and looked up behind him.  Jim
was smiling, but it was hardly reassuring.  Kevin looked away.  Jim put
his hands on Kevin's hips and lifted his ass up slightly.  Kevin was now
propped up on spread knees, his ass in the air.  Jim slapped his ass hard,
once... twice... three times.  "You like that, boy?" he growled.  Kevin
let out a yell and screamed, "NO!"  Whack!  Jim slapped his ass again.  "I
said, you like that, boy?" Jim yelled.

"Y... Yes...," Kevin replied, not really meaning it.  "That's better,
boy," Jim said.  Kevin looked around and saw Jim sucking the middle finger
of his own right hand.  "Turn back around!" Jim yelled, slapping him
across the ass yet again.  Kevin did as he was told.

Kevin felt Jim's huge hand part his butt cheeks.  "Tight little fucking
asshole," Jim muttered under his breath.  Kevin winced slightly as Jim
stuck the tip of his spit-lubed finger inside his asshole.  "Relax," Jim
commanded, as if Kevin could comply.  "Pretend you're taking a shit... try
to shit out my finger," Jim said.  Kevin hesitated but did as he was
told... Jim felt his straining and shoved his finger all the way up his
ass.  Kevin winced in pain.

"That's it, boy," Jim said, "take it all."  Jim worked Kevin's ass for a
long time, sliding first one then two fingers in and out of his ass. 
After awhile, Kevin felt his ass numb slightly and then relax.  Jim felt
this, too, then withdrew his fingers from Kevin's ass and told him to find
some lube.  Kevin's ass ached.  He hesitated and Jim slapped him across
his ass again.  "Get moving, boy, before I lose my hard-on and you have to
suck me again," he said.


Kevin didn't have to look far, since he always kept a small jar of
Vaseline under hidden behind his nightstand.  He hoped it was enough.  As
he turned to face Jim, he realized he wanted to be fucked by him, even if
it hurt.  This man was incredibly hot.

He handed the jar to Jim then, without being told, resumed his position on
the floor.  Jim popped the lid off the jar and then applied a large gob of
it to Kevin's asshole.  It was cold to the touch, and Kevin felt his ass
tighten slightly.  "Just relax, damn you," Jim growled.  The lube was all
over his ass now, inside and out, and Jim was again working over his ass
with two fingers.

Kevin felt Jim's fingers leave his asshole and he knew that, during the
pause that followed, Jim was lubing his huge cock.  He glanced around his
back, watching Jim rub Vaseline up and down the thick shaft of his cock. 
Then he covered the head of his cock with a huge glob of the stuff.  "Roll
over on your back," Jim demanded.  The thought of Jim's huge cock
penetrating his virgin asshole scared Kevin, and he hesitated.  "Roll
over, I said!" Jim growled, and grabbed Kevin by the shoulder, flipping
him over.  Jim pulled his t-shirt over his head, revealing a huge,
well-defined hairy chest and stomach.  A rivulet of sweat had started to
flow down the center of his stomach, and Kevin could smell his scent now. 
He breathed in deeply.

"Lift up your legs for me," Jim commanded.  Kevin lifted his legs slightly
but obviously not enough to please Jim.  Jim grabbed him by the ankles and
shoved his legs over his chest, spreading them apart and exposing his
well-lubed ass.  Jim lowered himself over Kevin, and Kevin felt his weight
coming to rest on his legs.  "Please...," Kevin pleaded in a low voice,
"don't hurt me."  But Jim just stared down at him and, grabbing his own
cock to guide it, moved his body into place over him.

Kevin felt the tip of Jim's huge cock press against his tight asshole. 
"Relax now," Jim demanded in a low voice.  "Press against me like I told
you."  Kevin did as he was told and braced himself with his hands on the
floor.  He thrust his ass upward towards Jim just as Jim thrust his hips
forward, impaling Kevin's ass with the head of his thick dick.  Kevin's
head fell backward and a look of agony crossed his face.  "I don't think I
can do this," he groaned.

"Unnnggh... oh yes... you can!"  came Jim's reply, and with a huge lunge,
he buried half his cock shaft in Kevin's ass.  The pain was intense and
Kevin thought for a moment that he would pass out.  He caught himself
screaming in pain, but Jim was relentless.  He withdrew his cock a little
then shoved it in further than before.  Jim caught Kevin's legs beneath
his huge arms and leaned forward, hovering over Kevin's body, staring him
straight in the eyes.  "So... tight...," Jim gasped, and with that, lunged
his body hard into Kevin's, plunging his rock hard monster of a cock deep
in Kevin's bowels.

Sweat was beading on Jim's head now as he began thrusting in and out of
Kevin's ass.  Jim's cock was thick but well-greased and it seemed to slide
further into Kevin with each successive thrust.  Kevin's body rocked on
the floor beneath Jim, the carpet burning his back.  Jim's hands were
planted firmly on Kevin's sides as he pounded his cock all the way into
Kevin's hole.

Kevin could feel Jim's huge balls slapping his ass now with each thrust of
the big man's hips.  He knew that Jim had his cock all the way in him. 
His ass hurt but he was growing used to it... after a bit, he became aware
of a strange sensation in him, just below the base of his own cock.  It
intensified every time Jim buried his cock deep within him.  The whole
scene came into focus for a moment, and Kevin realized everything that was
happening.  Kevin's cock was harder than ever now and throbbing.  He
reached down to touch it, but Jim pushed his hand away without disturbing
the rhythm of his fucking.


Jim paused for a moment, his cock deep in Kevin's ass, and smeared
Vaseline on his right hand.  He reached down and grabbed the boy's dick in
his mammoth hand, practically covering its full seven inches with his
fist.  As he held himself over Kevin with his left hand, he resumed
thrusting and began jacking off Kevin's hard dick.  His grip was tight on
Kevin's swollen cock, and the combination of being fucked and jacked off
at the same time was so hot that Kevin felt himself cumming almost
immediately.

Kevin felt his cock starting to throb in Jim's hand as he continued to
pump and squeeze it.  Kevin's entire body started to shudder, his legs
shook and an odd sensation started in his stomach.  As he started to cum,
he became aware of Jim's intense thrusting in and out of his ass.  He came
so hard that his stuff flew all over his chest and a few globs stuck in
the hair on Jim's chest.  He heaved and gasped for air, as Jim's pounding
intensified.

Jim closed his eyes and leaned into Kevin hard.  Jim's pelvis was a piston
now, plunging his cock in and out of Kevin harder and faster.  Jim's
breathing was rapid but shallow, as he was starting to gasp for air and
moan in a low growl.  Suddenly, Jim's back arched slightly and his
thrusting slowed down but was deeper than ever.  Jim took one final breath
and then buried his cock deep in Kevin's ass.  Kevin felt the spasms
starting in at the base of Jim's cock, and he knew that Jim was cumming. 
He felt Jim's cock grow thicker and pulse as it pumped his hot, thick cum
deep into Kevin's ass.

Sweat dripped off Jim's body as he slowly fell down over Kevin.  He slowly
pulled his cock out of Kevin's ass.  Kevin felt his ass close around the
tip of Jim's cock as it withdrew.  Jim fell over on the floor on his back,
breathing hard.  Kevin lay there, his feet finally on the floor again.  He
felt Jim's cum dripping out his ass.

"Good job, son," Jim said when he had regained his breath.  "Damn good. 
We're going to get along fine."  Kevin smiled.  His fantasy had come true.

Later that night, Kevin heard the bed groaning as Jim fucked his mother
down the hall.  "Its my turn next, Mom," he whispered to himself, as he
reached down to play with himself.

(END)
