
My kinkiest thrill is to make love to my wife knowing she has just had sex with
another man.

Recently I got up the courage to let me wife know of my desire.  Little did I
know she would help me live out my my dream.

We have a neighbor who has always had his eye on Julie.  One night she went
over to borrow something to complete our dinner and when she returned she had a
very odd look on her face.  I asked her what was wrong and got an instant
hard-on after she told me the story.

It seems Steve was wearing a short robe with nothing under it.  When he
answered the door the robe parted and he took Julie's hand and placed it on his
cock and and asked her if she wanted a little fun in the bedroom.

I asked my wife what she had told him and she said she would think about it.  I
asked her what she wanted to do and she answered "it was totally up to me."

Would I like to make love to her knowing I'm getting a freshly fucked pussy
full of another man's cum?  Would I slide my tounge in her cum-filled cunt and
taste her.  I immediately pulled out a very hard dick from my pants as proof
that I did indeed want to enjoy sloppy seconds.  We went to bed shortly after
dinner and made love like newlyweds.

While we were talking about what might happen, Julie painted a picture in my
mind ot the taste and semell of Steve's cum in her pussy and how it would feel
when I slid into her used opening.

The next evening Julie put on a short dress and a pair of sheer panties and
kissed me at the door as she departed.  She reminded me of how she would return
and would expect me to kiss her again.

For the next two hours.  I wondered what was taking place at Steve's but when
she returned home I could tell by her condition she had been stripped, ridden
hard and sent away satisfied.

She slipped out of her dress and stood in her panties and hose.  She approached
the bed and removed her cum soaked panties and placed them under my nose.  One
wiff left no doubt in my mind she had been royally fucked for the last two
hours.

Julie had me sit up as she reclined and spread the lips of her cunt.  I saw
Steve's cum leak from her freshly fucked slit.  I got between her legs and
licked and sucked her sloppy cunt until she begged me to stop.

She whispered the whole story of what had happened.  When Steve opened the door
it didn't take him long to get out of his clothes and remove her dress and
panties.

He got very exicted and during a passionate sixty-nine session -- he had tried
to cum in her mouth, but she wanted him to cum in her pussy.  Julie let me know
he had cum in her pussy twice and then came the surprise -- once in her ass.

I asked her why she returned so soon and she said she wanted to give me a taste
of her used pussy to see it I liked it.

For the next two hours I fucked Julie every which way but loose.  It was the
tought of getting sloppy seconds which kept me hard.  Hard enough for three
blastoffs.  The thought of my cock splashing around in a pussy which was well
creamed my another was too much.  Just before I came the last time I made Julie
promise to see Steve again.  She said she was already looking forward to it.

\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\*-> Nation of Thieves <-* ///////////////////////////
*    The Rendezvous -- 600 Megs -- 3/12/2400 -- 11 lines -- (619) 692-3622    *
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
*            Erotic*City -- WWIV Net Node 6978 -- (619) 528-0322              *
:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:
*   1000's of                  Bum Fuckin' Eygpt                 1000's of    *
:  Erotic Adult                                                Explicit Adult :
*   Text Files           9600 US Robotics Courier HST            GIF & MAC    *
:                                618-277-9856                      Files      :
*-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-:-*
:              Sin*City -- WWIV Net Node 6969 -- (619) 283-4998               :
 \\\\\\\\\\\\\\We Don't Believe In Payin' For What We Can Steal!//////////////

