                     ÚÄÄÄ¿        ÚÄÄÄ¿            ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
                    ÚÙ   À¿       ³   ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄ      ³
                    ³     ÀÄ¿     ³                ÀÄÄÄÄ¿
                    ³       À¿    ÃÄÄÄÄ¿                ÀÄ¿
                    ³        ³    ³    ÀÄÄ                À¿
                    ³        ³    ³                       ÚÙ
                    ³      ÚÄÙ    ³         ÄÄ¿        ÚÄÄÙ
                    ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ      ³           ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ

                    Damned       Fucking        Shit
                        Edited by Access Denied

                              Issue #4
                      Title: Why I Hate /<rad WaReZ d00ds
                             and Other stuff.
                      Date: 10/1/93
                      By: Access Denied
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯

          Why I Hate /<rad WaReZ D00ds and Other Stuff

     If you're a /<rad WaReZ d00d, this textfile is all about you. 
Here is what a /<rad WaReZ d00d is:

A /<rad WaReZ d00d will get EVERY WaReZ file he can get his GRUBBY
little hands on.  He's a JERK.  He never actually USES any of the
WaReZ he gets.  He gets them from some LD BBS and uploads them to
another LD BBS.  And half the time he's not even a courier.  He
just does it so he can get his ratio REALLY high so he can download
more WaReZ.  Now, don't get me wrong, I don't think couriers are
/<rad WaReZ d00ds.  They serve a purpose, the distribute stuff for
groups and crap.  Like maybe a courier for DFS <laff>.  Or a
courier for CRiMSON <a very good group or so I hear>.  These guys
aren't couriers though.  And they spend a SHITLOAD of money on
their LD calls because they don't know shit about phreaking or
using k0dez or anything like that.  So they bitch about having huge
fone bills like $400 dollars a month.  And they ask on way /<rad
WaReZ and wanna-be H/P BBSs about "How can I get free LD calls but
not have to worry about the feds busting down my door?"  They're SO
FUCKING LAME.  I don't have anything against WaReZ.  I think it's
a cewl idea.  Why go out and pay a few hundred dollars for some
program or game when you can just get it for the price of a fone
call?  It's the guys who just get the shit for the sake of getting
it.  THEY SUCK.  Like some guy who's in 414 is really k00l.  He's
the total image of a WaReZ d00d.  He gets the stuff and sends it
somewhere else.  AND he only has a 40 MB hard drive.  ARGH!  What
a WASTE of TIME!  <And he knows who he is if he's reading this!>

Hmmm... that was fun... now I'll bash something else... how about:

                   Wanna-be /<rad ANSi Groups

Ok, a wanna-be ANSi group is a group the sucks.  And people know
the suck and the people in the group know they suck and even the
couriers know they suck.  They even fuck up in their NFO files and
put people's names wrong and stuff.  And the programmers SUCK for
them.  They can't even write a fucking loader. <Ok.. if you're from
414, you can probably figure out what group I'm bashing.>  And
lesse... well maybe one ANSi artist is good.  But the rest pretty
much SUCK.  These types of groups only exist because there are
people who think they can do ANSi but actually can't, and don't get
the hint when some bigger group totally rejects them or something. 
They get the one good artist because he either feels sorry for them
or just doesn't want to be in some huge group.  Blah.  They suck. 
If I wanna see shitty ANSi I'll go and draw some myself.

Now for:

                    Wanna-be H/P/A/Etc d00ds!

This is the guy who thinks he knows shit because he read some
magazine like Phrack #3 or something.  Not that Phrack is bad
(shit, it's the best 'zine ever if you ask me!), but Phrack 3 is
kinda old.  And because he found Phrack 3 on some little SW/PD BBS
<obviously some idiot got on some halfway decent H/P BBS, d/ld
Phrack because he thought it was some /<rad Shareware game (not
that Shareware sucks or anything, most does, but some is WAY better
than it's commercial equivalents) and he d/ld it.  Then he u/ld it
to a PD/SW/FW BBS to get file points (WWIV BBS of course) so he
could get another k00l SW game.  And the /<rad SysOp didn't catch
the file in time or whatever> he thinks he's the biggest H/P GOD in
the whole WORLD.  Sure.  Then they ask something like: I was just
Blue Boxing off my data line and I couldn't figure out what to do. 
Can anyone help?  This is the kind of guy who DESERVES to be
busted.  Anyway, this guy goes around telling all sorts of idiots
how to make a blue box and get themselves busted.  Kewl.  Maybe
this guy will die.

And now:

                            PC Board

Face it, it sucks.  Some people tell me "Hey man!  It's the k00lest
BBS software around!"  I HATE IT!!!!!  IT SUCKS IF YOU ASK ME.  How
the HELL do you use the message areas?!?!?!  ARGH!  I HATE IT!

Now I'll bash:

               Pretty much any OTHER BBS software.

Ok.  The best BBS software out is Renegade.  Cuz I run it.  It's
obviously the best in security and all that other crap.  I HATE the
user interface for ViSiON-X and ViSiON/2 and Oblivion/2 and all
that other crap and Celebrity... oh, I mean Celerity <what kind of
Shit name is THAT?>.  All those damn Forum hacks SUCK.  They all
have a zillion bugs that no one says anything about.  And you can
only run 3 BBSs with that software in the same area code.  HA HA. 
Right.  Like people don't use the millions of cracks out there for
em all.  Renegade's the best.  And it's free to.  No 50 dollars for
the first 2 BBSs and then 100 dollars for the third.  That's crap.

Let's bash:

                        RAP in All forms

RAP SUCKS.  Here's rap: Fuck shit damn fuck shit nigger pussy I cum
in your ass while I gun down 50 niggers in the muther fucking
school.  I don't fuck men.  I fuck myself.  I fuck the police.  I
fuck I fuck I fuck.  FUCK FUCK FUCK SHIT SHIT SHIT PISS PISS PISS. 
You bitch I'm gonna shoot your mother fucking ass cuz you is werin'
yo hat the wrong muther fucking way.  Shit fuck this damn bitch
with my dick in her pussy.  IT'S TOTAL CRAP!  Don't these convicted
felons have anything better to do with their lives than sit in
front of a microphone and yells swears at the top of their lungs? 
I guess not.  They suck.  Rap should be illegal.

How about:


                     Computers made by Apple

Face it.  If you're using a Mac to read this YOU CAN BLOW ME.  Macs
SUCK!  THEY SUCK!!!  I HATE the interface!  I don't even have
Windoze on my hard drive.  Why would I want to use a MAC?  GOD THEY
SUCK.  First of all they're slow as all hell.  Second of all the
keyboard sucks.  It's to damn small and looks ugly.  And the mouse
only has ONE button!!!!!  STUPID!  And on the pull down menus you
have to always keep pressing on the button.  You can't just click
on the menu bar!  It SUCKS!  And they cost 1000 dollars more than
an MS-DOS machine that is twice as fast.  Enough said, Apple and
anything made by Apple sucks.

And:

                       Religious Fanatics

Shit.  I'm not even going to say anything.  THEY SUCK.  I hope they
all die.  Religion is the downfall of society.  If I decided to
bash religion, this textfile would be about 15 megs in length.

Well... I can't think of anything else to bash so I'll leave it at
that.  There's probably a lot more and if I can find more crap to
bash I'll make another bash file.  If I insulted anybody, anything
or any group, GOOD!  You deserve to get bashed you stupid fucks.
This file written totally by Access Denied.  Greets to Incarnate,
Dementia Praecox, CRiMSON, MTS, and anyone else I know and don't
hate (about 7 other people) and any group that those people are in
that still actually exists.  Watch for the next DFS issue coming
soon.  But don't ask me when.

ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º             Distribution Sites:                     º
º        If you're on the BBSs you know it.           º
º           Fuck you if you're not.                   º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

