____________________                             _____________________
|XxXxXxXxX|         |                            |XxXxXxXxX|         |
|xXxXxXxXx|         |                            |xXxXxXxXx|         |
|XxXxXxXxX|         |                            |XxXxXxXxX|         |
|xXxXxXxXx|         |                            |xXxXxXxXx|         |
|XxXxXxXxX|         |                            |XxXxXxXxX|         |
|xXxXxXxXx|         |                            |xXxXxXxXx|         |
|===================|                            |===================|
 \        |XxXxXxXx/                              \        |XxXxXxXx/
  \       |xXxXxXx/                                \       |xXxXxXx/
   \      |XxXxXx/               The                \      |XxXxXx/
    \     |xXxXx/                                    \     |xXxXx/
     \    |XxXx/              Electronic              \    |XxXx/
      \   |xXx/                                        \   |xXx/
       \  |Xx/           A D V E N T U R E R            \  |Xx/ 
        \ |X/            -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-             \ |x/
          v                                                v

          The Electronic Newsletter of The Adventurers' Guild

       	      The International Live Roleplaying Society


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
'Torial

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


Welcome to the first issue of The Electronic Adventurer, the
Adventurers' Guild on-line newsletter.  What you see here is a
cut-down version of the club's glossy-printed magazine, generally
about 20-30ish pages long.

The Adventurer is put together by a very nice man called Mike Reddy,
who is always glad of subscriptions, ideas and adverts (cheap rates!).

Between the two of us, Mike and I will try and keep the two
publications different enough to make it worth your while reading both, 
yet at the same time keeping to common themes and threads.

If you haven't already done so, you can subscribe to The Electronic
Adventurer by sending mail to jay@oasis.icl.co.uk, with a subject of
"subscribe" and your E-mail address in the text-body.

One section I hope to start up in issue 2, is a letters page; mail me 
your comments, suggestions, and opinions and I'll print them!  We'll 
also try and start up a cross-over section in The Adventurer, where 
others can see your e-mail comments.

If you would like to write an article, become a "columnist", a roving
reporter or just see your name in (electronic) print, then please mail
me - jay@dsbc.icl.co.uk.

Jay Gooby, 
Editor - The Electronic Adventurer.

	
		STOP PRESS...STOP PRESS...STOP PRESS

I've managed to wipe my mailing list!  If you wish to receive The
Electronic Adventurer by mail, send mail to jay@dsbc.icl.co.uk, with
"subscribe" in the subject and your email address in the text body.

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Contents
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

1.  WARPED REALITY 

	LRP can be far more than *just* a game.

2.  THE GATHERING 

	Ed Terry reviews the UK's largest summer event.

3.  ACCOUNTING FOR ACCOUNTS 

	Concern grows over the lack of accounts for the Lorien 
	Trust (organisers of the UK's largest summer event!).

4.  WOLVES BEYOND THE BORDER 

	Lizi Cable reviews Bloodbath's Conan weekend.

5.  PC CONFRONTS A FOREST FANTASY 

	The police discover LRP.

6.  EVENTS DIARY 

	Upcoming events for '94.

7.  ABOUT THE ADVENTURERS' GUILD

	Some blurb to fill you in.


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Warped Reality - A New Face For LRP

Pat Dobson.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Everyone has heard about new and 'fresh' ideas in LRP, mostly new
clubs, or revolutionary ways of making weapons, but have you ever
heard about LRP as a 'tool' for working with youth groups? What
follows is a three year history of 'Warped Reality', a completely new
use for live role-playing.

During the winter of 1990, the detached work team in Matson
(Gloucester) were working on a number of issues with local street
groups, and project-based groups, as a part of this work staff
attempted to use role-play to help the young people to explore such
issues as personal drug use and gender roles.

The workers found, however, that rather than offering a
non-threatening way to explore these issues, role-play itself was
seen as threatening. The young people were often too  embarrassed to
take part, considering the idea of 'play acting' too childish.

Whilst this work was taking place, work was also being done with a
group of young men, who had been found sniffing solvents in a local
school field. As a means of diverting this group, workers had
encouraged them to meet once a week to play fantasy role-playing
games, which appeared to be the group's only other common ground.

The workers wondered whether these games might be used as a way to
get around the embarrassment of role-playing. So two of the less
complex games were purchased and used with the street groups. At this
point, it transpired that one of the new part time workers (Andrea
Pearce) had, in fact, been involved in setting up and developing a
live action version of these role-playing games. The group then
contacted 'Legends and Dreams', a local Gloucester LRP club, and
organised two talks to explain the principles of LRP. Subsequently,
an eight hour adventure in the Forest of Dean was attended by three
workers, one member of the support group, and three young people. The
whole group enjoyed the experience and the three workers came away
with the feeling that this activity had a lot to offer if used
correctly.

It was obvious that, at its worst, LRP could be used as an exciting
alternative to traditional outdoor activities. However the workers
were convinced that it would be developed as a style of delivery in
its own right, for work with groups or individuals.

The workers decided to set up a project to explore the possibilities
of LRP. It was intended that this project would have the following
aims:

 That the project should eventually be controlled and managed by
 young people.  That the project would explore the viability of using
 LRP as a 'tool' for working with youth groups.

 If LRP proved to be a useful tool for work with young people, the
 project would develop the method and offer it to youth groups and
 schools in the Gloucestershire area.

With this basis the project embarked on two years of LRP activity:

April '91 - Simon Medlock supervises a group of 'extremely
enthusiastic' young people through 48 hours of weapons and armour
making.

May-August '91 - Large numbers of young people from the Matson and
Abbeydale regions of Gloucester take part in LRP adventures.

January '92 - Project members take part in a 48 hour 'theme weekend'
in the Forest of Dean

By March 1992 the young members of the project have progressed far
enough to organise their own 24 hour adventure for another group of
inner city youth. But as with the best LRP events their site became
'unavailable' three days before the adventure. In three days, the
group chose a new location, wrote a new adventure to suit it, and
created the new props and costumes that were required. Set in post
Roman Britain the adventure explored the issues of conflict between
the many cultures and religions attempting to take control of
society, and introduced the group (male dominated) to a Celtic
matriarchal society.

A few weeks later the group ran the same adventure again for the
referees of the 'Flights of Fantasy' LRP club, who were so impressed
they asked the project to write an on-going campaign, set in the same
era. Around the same time, the group were creating their own rule
system, widening their stock of costumes and props and writing LRP
adventures set around particular issues. For example, two fifteen
year olds wrote an eight hour adventure set in the time of Wat Tyler
and the peasants revolt, to be used with young people as an
introduction to English social history. Throughout the project, the
workers have been supporting the young people through the process of
setting up management systems; i.e. booking procedures, task
allocation and monitoring, etc.

By Christmas 1991, when the project was first assessed, it was found
that the group were outstripping the objectives laid down by the
workers, 50% of the group was run by the young people themselves. By
April 1992, they were running their own programme, and writing and
staging LRP adventures for other young people.

The final group report in April 1992 offered a conclusion disclosing
what they had discovered by LRP:

As a style of delivery, live role-play appears to be an extremely
useful and versatile tool, capable of operating on a number of levels

As a drama project delivering educational messages about a number of
issues ranging from drug use and other health issues, through social
history, politics, and cultural awareness

As a group work and participation exercise, taking young people
through the process of working as a part of a group

As an individual challenge, taking responsibility for one's own
actions

As an Art/Craft project, producing costumes, props, masks, etc,
giving young people an opportunity to develop their own creativity

There is a serious front to LRP, during the last three years, the
Matson project has gone beyond using LRP as a weekend distraction,
and has developed into a powerful tool to combat the youth problems
of inner city housing estates. The idea is soon set to break out of
Gloucester to be offered as a comprehensive guide on how to use LRP
as an instrument to help combat the problems of today's youth,
nationwide. If you feel you can put anything into this rather
impressive project please contact Andy Rimmer and Andrea Pearse,
whose work made the project possible, on (England) 0452 382 518

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
The Gathering 1993

Ed Terry
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

August 27th-30th, Drum Hill, Derby

I was lucky (?) enough to see the event from both sides this year,
being part of the Special Effects Crew and charactering in my time
off. The schedule was gruelling, early mornings and late nights, but
we finally got the Ritual Circle ready, albeit a little late. Some of
the budding ritualists were a little disappointed to say the least,
but once everything was powered up the circle was in constant demand.
Players stated that it was the best yet, with several small banks of
lighting, and numerous sound sources with mixing banks, and a very
professional shed to house it in.

This would have been well had the smoke machine - a 200 kilo unit
needing a fork lift to load it onto the mini-bus! - not insisted on
leaking into the hut! Mind you, it had its good point as just as the
view began to get obscured you knew that smoke would come out of the
pyramid at the circles's centre!

There were some very 'professional' rituals like the 'Belly Dancers'
and the 'Tribe of Mu (Respect!)', and some very obscure ones: The
great god Kenwood was displeased during one ritual  to do with
microwave ovens, and another which used "Bohemian Rhapsody" to
accompany the chant.

The character props that appeared on site - the 28 foot high black
(sic) Drow Tower; the large grey Gryphon fortress standing close by;
and a smaller black Dragon castle nestled in the woods - were very
impressive, and drew a lot of attention. However, it was apparently
too much for one character who insisted on charging through the side
of the Gryphon Fort, resulting in minor concussion for his troubles.
Despite this touch of anarchy, and a little graffiti on the Drow
Tower, the other 2,700 players were well behaved and enjoyed
themselves.

The Lorien Trust excelled themselves this year;  character money and
an on-going plot-line allowing you to bring back surviving characters
in future years. The plots were there, and for my sins, I was heavily
involved in one of them since my group was quite central (in terms of
their services) to the event, and many faction leaders sent
emissaries to us. Little came of the threats and rumours, but that
did not stop us spending sleepless hours on guard.

The guild system got its first airing, the herbalist, alchemist and
magi taking on the first stock of apprentices. I imagine there were
the usual rounds of competitions, but I was usually asleep, or
elsewhere on site, when they were happening. I did manage to see a
snippet of the scout's test, where the scout had to carry a glass of
water across an obstacle course. I wonder how many scouts took the
water in their mouth, vaulted the course, and then expunged the water
back into the glass?

The game of Jugger I saw was also entertaining, but I did not see how
the tournament ended on the Saturday - I think I was at the Dryad's
Tea Party in the skirmish area. Picture if you will, a battlefield,
studded with trees and skulked by many a scout, warrior and mage. A
shout goes up: "Ninja!" and a black-clad man bolts from the woods,
pursued by a dozen barbarians and beasts.

We trek on, blanket in hands, Druid to the fore, sounding his
Dijeridoo, and followed by a rag-tag band of peace lovers, dryads,
and others who have succumbed to their lure. In the distance we see a
battle raging. Twenty of more are engaged in a vicious struggle for
supremacy. More look on. So we set out our cloth a few feet away,
pour the wine and spread out the food. We sit while others dance and
chant. Some of the battle onlookers break off and join, while the
dryads enter the fray and lure others away. Even the militia came and
joined in (but did their bosses know they were idly lying about on
duty!).

Soon there are only a few hardened warriors fighting to the last,
while many gather to picnic in the sun, drinking, eating and
generally making merry. this is all very well, but the dryads had the
idea in their heads that people were actually trees, which nearly
caused an embarrassing moment for one or two lads whose bark was
eagerly sought (in jest)! Still, it just proves the saying "Dryads.
Can't live with them,can't live with them!"

The question "Anyone got a frog for my sword?" provided some
amusement on the Saturday, as I asked it to a few traders selling
weapons and leather goods. "I'd like to buy a frog!" was greeted by
many a confused glance. Eventually, I found what I sought - a small
circular piece of leather with a belt loop to hold your sword - a
frog. Look out next year for frogs on sale in abundance!

Drum Hill site is very large, with ideal areas for traders and
densely wooded areas for the scenarios which are occasionally
run.However, the site rests on a layer of peat which has a tendency
to smoulder for months if it catches fire. Fortunately, everyone used
the fire pits, and facilities to prevent such an incident and the
Security and crew did a great job keeping it all under control (from
what I could see).

Some of the staff spent long shifts (and I am talking over 24 hours
in some cases) keeping tabs on the event; from directors down to
volunteers. Without this dedication an event like the Gathering could
never happen, and without their time freely given, not just at the
event, but in the eleven month build-up and preparation, it would
never happen.

However, over-zealous play by some individuals built a feeling of
disrespect, and two of the directors resigned from the Trust at the
end of the event, as they felt that some people were taking the hobby
just a little too far, and it just wasn't worth the hassle. Whether
the stress from the weekend finally told, or it was something that
was being considered for a while I can't say.

Despite this, the Trust is still strong and preparations are probably
already under way for next year's event. So those of you who went
this year, watch your mailboxes. Those who did not, better luck next
year!  


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Accounting for Accounts

Dave Wetherall
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

Pressure is growing for the Lorien Trust to publish their 1992
accounts. The Trust's long-awaited AGM, which had been promised as
part of the timetable for the Gathering '93, never happened, leaving
the Trust's guarantors, in the dark about the fate of  the thousands
of pounds rumoured to be unaccounted for after last year's event.  In
March this year, the scheduled AGM of the Trust at 'Dragon's Call'
was cancelled at the last minute, apparently due to the accounts
still being incomplete. Its true that the Trust had its fair share of
problems before, during, and after 'The Gathering '92', and that a
succession of different treasurers cannot have helped matters;
however, its staggering that seven months after their event, the
organisers still had no idea whether they had broken even, made a
profit, or run into the red!

Repeated letters and phone calls by the Adventurers Guild treasurer
on behalf of the LRP community have unfortunately failed to discover
details of the elusive finances. Eventually, in a phone call to Andy
King, chair of the Trust's board of directors, in July, we were told
that a copy of the accounts could be obtained from Companies House,
where the Trust is registered. Our subsequent enquiries revealed that
the Lorien Trust had never filed its accounts with Companies House!

The directors have also been reluctant to inform the Trust's
guarantors of the current structure and status of the organisation.
The structure appears to have changed since The Gathering '92, but
once again, the Guild's questions have remained unanswered, leaving
us unsure of whether the changes are in the interests of live
role-players.

The Trust has large numbers of guarantors - people who attended the
Gathering '92, and agreed to pay up to L1 each, should the Trust ever
go bankrupt. It may be argued that the finances are purely the
concern of the directors, but the Guild believes ALL guarantors have
to know the financial status of their non-profit making organisation.
The directors have always said that the accounts will be made
available for public scrutiny; but when will these words be proved by
action?

This Summer approximately 2,700 people paid 25 a head for the
Gathering '93, making a total income of at least 67,000. Let us hope
this year's accounts appear before next year's event!


Charities' Monies Moulder Of even greater concern than the Lorien
Trust's silence about their own accounts, is their attitude to money
collected for charity at the end of the Gathering '92. Charities
which had been promised a share of the money raised last year have
been wondering whether they will ever receive the money, especially
once Dragons Call passed by without any cheques being presented.

At a meeting in June, this year's faction leaders (NPCs not involved
in the formal organisation of the Trust) asked the directors about
the fate of the charitable collection. They were told that the money
remained uncounted in Andy King's hall-way! Letting charities monies
moulder for nearly a year, without even earning interest, is
completely inexcusable!  Things have improved since then and
apparently the money has now been banked. Also, after pressure from
Andy Rimmer and David Wetherall (Lord Generals of the Vipers and
Gryphons factions) one of the charities, 'Warped Reality', a
Gloucestershire Community Youth Group (see Adventurer nos. 16 & 20),
was given a number of free places at this year's event, in lieu of
the money they were promised last year.

Aside from this, there is still no word about when the other
charities will receive the money donated by live role-players at the
Gathering '93. On behalf of both the charities and everyone who
contributed to the collection, the Adventurers Guild calls on the
Lorien Trust to reveal the amounts collected, and how they have been
distributed.

[Ed's Note: It is the policy of the 'Adventurer' to give the option
of replying to anyone mentioned in its articles, and (where possible)
a copy of the article is forwarded to the relevant party. We hope
that the Lorien Trust will exercise this right to address our
concerns.]


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Wolves Beyond the Border October 9th-10th, Bloodbath LRP

Lizi Cable
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

This was my first trip to BloodBath, and it was their first
interactive scenario, so we both were looking at something new. For
24 hours, I and my ten fellow party members were to trek through
Hyborea (home of Conan)  to bring a cure to the dying king by means
of a healing artefact.

The start of the scenario was original, beginning with us returning
from the quest with the artefact and attempting to meet up with the
person who had hired us. Unfortunately, said person was a whining
12-year-old brat with royal blood, who had been kidnapped in our
absence. Our quest was to find the snivelling prince.

Stopping off at the tavern (beer, food, music, beggars, pick-pockets,
and the whinging men-folk of a small village - excellent), and
reluctantly moving on, our mission took us through woodland and heath
land, but more importantly for the story, into the Wild lands,
inhabited by the tribal Picts. Woded, half-naked, and of dubious
hygiene, the Picts made the going tougher by ambushing us (with
varying levels of cleverness) for much of the first night and the
following day.

In true Conan style even I managed to cleave several of them in two
(thanks to a specially-written heavily-biased heroic combat system),
and true to the club's name, blood bags abounded. Not only did I
impress myself by creating my very own pile of dead bodies, but that
they were blood-splattered (as was I) added a certain something.

Picts, though they outnumbered us more than two to one, were not the
worst foe we were to face. The cult of Set with its penchant for
reptiles had some nasty treats in store, including live snakes! A
manic gorilla invading our humble camp site caused more laughter than
terror, but the latter was to be caused in abundance when we found
ourselves locked in a cob-webbed tomb with a dreadful, animating
something, and no way to get out!

I could go on, but why spoil your fun? Re-hashing the plot isn't what
you want me to do, is it? What you want to know is how good was it?
Or rather, how bad was it? What you want to read is some criticism.

Unfortunately, there isn't a criticism I could level at these guys,
the event was superb. Dave & John, the writers, have been running
successful linears for years, and obviously thought long and hard
before putting together this 24-hour. In a way it was a cross between
linear and interactive formats, with long treks (long for me, that
is) punctuated by stationary encounters such as the tavern, the camp
site and the court room, which gave us plenty of chance for rest. The
plot cooked up between the characters, or rather the several plots,
were varied and excellent. If I were to complain it would only be to
say that there wasn't enough time in the scenario, really, for us to
wheedle the skeletons out of each others cupboards. Although this did
make for a very raucous de-brief, when we discovered just how much we
had all been 'stitched up' by each other!

Enthusiastic, believable monstering; original & logical plot; an
unobtrusive combat/healing system; excellent costumes, special
effects, masks & kit, (and early morning coffee) all combined to
create a well-balanced and highly enjoyable adventure. The brief was
the best I have ever been given, it was excellent, as was the
comprehensive world booklet.

If I were Bloodbath I'd run this scenario again and again (if the
monsters can keep up their excellent performances). If I were a live
role-player looking for a linear adventure with an added something,
I'd look no further. Book your adventure now. Just one word of advice
lads, put the price up. You're selling yourselves too cheaply. 


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
PC Confronts a Forest Fantasy

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

"West Mercia policeman Peter Beasley braced himself to confront the
occult as he approached a group of cloaked figures in a moonlit
forest clearing.

Nine mysterious monk-like figures were in a circle around a metallic
pyramid murmuring a chant and passing a glowing glass orb among
them.

Pc Beasley had been called in after two boys came across the strange
gathering in Queens Wood, Ross-on-Wye, Herefordshire.  He fearlessly
entered the woods as bats swooped and owls hooted - but the two
youngsters who had shown him the way fled as his torch shone on the
monk-like figures.  Then a man carrying a clip-board stepped from the
trees - and explained he was the referee in a Dungeons and Dragons
fantasy game.

The man said that the adjoining Gloucestershire police force had been
informed they would be in the wood.  But Pc Beasley retorted: "That
may be so. But you're not on Gloucestershire - you're on Ross."

Pc Beasley told the "monks" they had frightened the young boys - and
the eerie gathering broke up.  The encounter is detailed in the
latest issue of the West Mercian police magazine."

*Reprinted from the Express & Star, July 29th 1993*

As can be seen from the above 'news' clipping, we have
a long way to go in overcoming the negative impression which the
media has of LRP. Although it is unfortunate that the LRPers
concerned were in the wrong place at the wrong time, the occult
references, and (the classic?) 'D and D', at best ridicule LRP. At
worst, the article reinforces the connection with Satanic cults.

If you have any news reports on LRP (good or bad), or activities
which you think should be publicised, please send them to the
'Electronic Adventurer'. We will reprint them. 

At least then there will be the chance for LRPers to see what is 
being written about them, and the opportunity to reply.


-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Events Diary 1994

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

	The Events Diary is FREE and exists to advertise YOUR event.  
			    Don't miss out!

PLEASE NOTE: If you wish to advertise your event here, please give
the name, price, date and place. A contact address and/or phone
number should also be included, with two or three lines of
description.  Mail to jay@dsbc.icl.co.uk

All phone numbers and addresses are UK, unless otherwise stated 
(L indicates pounds sterling).


Bigger Guns-----------------------------------------------------------

	L20, January 19th-21st, Oxford 

Modern day horror for military-style characters. Indoor, Self-catered 
adventure from 'The Things That Should Not Be' (TTSNB). All adventures 
are from Friday night until the early hours of Sunday, with FREE beers 
at the end!

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales.
LL40 1NR

The Rumble-------------------------------------------------------------

	L15, January 28th-30th, Devon

A relaxed weekend of derring-do, brawling with your mates and drinking 
in the tavern! Don't forget some plot for the plot-pot! 

The Second Coming------------------------------------------------------

	L50, February 4th-6th, North Wales 

Fully interactive weekend scenario, set in the world of 'Vampire: The
Masquerade'. Run by the AG afiliated TTSNB club. 

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

New Blood--------------------------------------------------------------

	L30, February 18th-20th, Wantage 

Gothic/High fantasy scenario for 40 players. Aimed specifically at those 
new to Live role-play, the Guild or interactive scenarios. Tavern on site,
authentic banquet, costume, kit & weapon hire, all included in price.
Book before 30th November for cheapest rate. 

Contact Liz Cable, Flat 1, 4 Rectory Place, 93 Portsmouth Road, Guildford, 
Surrey. GU2 5DG 

Tel: (0483) 62318 

!FULLY BOOKED!

Beware of the Dark-----------------------------------------------------

	L90 March, ?

Modern day murder/mystery, which will be located in a 2/3 star hotel. 
Run by the AG afiliated TTSNB.

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales.
LL40 1NR

Masque III-------------------------------------------------------------

	L20, March 4th-6th, Nottingham 

A forum for interchange of ideas between makers of Science Fiction, 
Historical, Live Roleplaying and all other forms of costume.  

Contact Mike Percival, 4 Ednaston Court, Yeldersley Lane, Ednaston, 
Ashbourne, Derbyshire. DE6 3BA

The 30 Club------------------------------------------------------------

	L40, April, Guildford 

Modern day free form scenario with pre-scripted characters for 
experienced players - only 18 years and over. Live Role-play with a 
twist! Price includes dining out, LRP adventure, night club entry and/or 
various other stuff. Informal bookings now being taken. 

Contact John Cable,  Flat 1, 4 Rectory Place, 93 Portsmouth Road, 
Guildford, Surrey. GU2 5DG 

Tel: (0483) 62318

Bullet in the Head-----------------------------------------------------

	L50, April 1st-3rd, Sheffield

An 'Interwired' Cyberpunk scenario, set in the world of Plex UK, 2057. 
Run by the AG afiliated TTSNB. 

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

Shattered Imperium-----------------------------------------------------

	L30, April 15th-17th, Northampton 

Starlore 7, bringing role-play to LaserTag Combat. 

Contact James Bloodworth, Springdale, 4 Little Hays, West Bridgeford, 
Nottingham. NG2 7RT

Tel: (0602) 221 536

Strange Lands----------------------------------------------------------   

	L20, May Bank Holiday, Northampton 

Camping, self-catered 'Swords and Sorcery' weekend scenario. Run by the 
AG afiliated TTSNB. 

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

Sundown at M'dame Sin's------------------------------------------------

	L30, June, Oxfordshire 

Fully catered weekend scenario, set in the Wild West of the 1860s. 
Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

The Rightful Heir------------------------------------------------------

	L20, July, Oxfordshire 

Camping, self-catered fantasy weekend scenario, based upon 'Swords and 
Sorcery'. Further details to follow. 
Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

Reunion----------------------------------------------------------------

	L15 - 20, July 29th-31st, Cobham 

The Battle for Borrodin: The Adventurer's Guild's first camping 
convention. 40 hour interactive scenario for up to 300 players. 
Traders; Entertainers; Tavern on site; Team & solo competitions; 
competition solo & linear adventures; League of Champions; Banquet & 
festivities; Hunting Party style talks and workshops. Organisers & 
Referees wanted. 

Contact Jay on (0270) 878230 (or email me!)

Kingship 4-------------------------------------------------------------

	L?,  July, Coventry 

The 4th 40 hour interactive camping weekend. Further details to follow. 

Contact Roger Price, The Portly Pixie, 17 Coniston Road, Coventry. 
CV5 6GU 

Tel: (0203) 504 242

Spitewinter------------------------------------------------------------

	L40, 30th Sept.-2nd October, Kent 

A chaotic scenario of dimensional travel, tragic heros and bizarre 
dreams set in Michael Moorcock's Multiverse.  Fully catered with PBM 
build up.  Run by TTSNB.  

Contact Jay, 37 Brown Ave, Church Lawton, Stoke-on-Trent.  ST7 3ER.

Tel: (0270) 878230

Pirates!---------------------------------------------------------------

	L?,  14th-16th October , Robin-Hood's Bay, Yorkshire 

LRP by the sea!  An interactive scenario of swashbuckling, cursed-gold 
and buried treasure, set on the AG's world of Khardor and using the 
Dreamscape system.  Fully catered.  

The College of Magic at Melgat has been boarded-up for over two years, 
empty and run-down.  Located in a deep cove riddled by caves, and with 
commanding views from the cliff-tops, it makes an ideal smugger's den.  
Captain Rag has called a rogues meeting of pirates, bucanneers and 
privateers, to discuss the setting up of a free-trade nation.

Red Moon Rising--------------------------------------------------------
 
	L50, October, North Devon 

Werewolf - The Apocalypse fully catered scenario, run by TTSNB club.  

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

Death in the Dark------------------------------------------------------
	
	L50, November, North Devon 

Cthulhu by gaslight!  An 1890's fully catered horror scenario, run by 
TTSNB.  

Contact Martin Jones, Aran Dale, Dolgellau, Gwynedd, North Wales. 
LL40 1NR

Intersection Worldcon'95-----------------------------------------------

	L60, and rising!  August 24th-28th, Glasgow 

Guests of Honour: Samual R. Delany, Gerry Anderson. Details to follow.  
The AG and TTSNB hope to be running a number of free-forms; fantasy, 
horror and cyberpunk.  Watch this space for details!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
			     Remember!

           To advertise YOUR event, send some basic details to:

			 jay@dsbc.icl.co.uk
-----------------------------------------------------------------------



			The Adventurer's Guild

The Adventurers Guild was formed in 1988 to support and promote the 
Live Role-Play (LRP) hobby. Through the enthusiasm of its members, and 
the dedication of its officers, it has grown into a national non-profit
making organisation with affiliated LRP clubs everywhere.

Our main aim is to collate and publish information on LRP, and to
support this free service we offer a yearly membership at L15 (L10
concessions).

			Our Constitution

	o To support and promote the Live Role-Play hobby  

	o To defend Live Role-Play against misrepresentation 

	o To provide information on every aspect of Live Role-Play 

	o To provide the opportunity for participation in quality 
	  Live Role-Play 

	o To promote standard setting and good relations within the 
	  hobby


Benefits of the Guild
---------------------

The benefits of membership include free copies
of all our publications, as well as discounts from LRP suppliers and
adventurer organisers. Without a  doubt,  the  most  popular
benefits are the invitations to quality LRP events, run by the Guild
or affiliated clubs all over the country, every weekend of the year.

AG Events 

Our 48-hour interactive scenarios set new standards in LRP,
as they introduce new genres of role-play, new special effects and
props, and ever increasing standards of accommodation and facilities.
We run a unique system on a campaign world, where you can play
anything you want. All AG events have a discount for members; some
are for members only.

The Adventurer 

Our bi-monthly magazine for LRPers, covers all the
Guild news; reviews of events, conventions and LRP systems; and
reports on LRP in your region. We even report on, and advertise
everyone else's LRP events! Called the "Bible of LRP" by 'Fantazia'
Magazine. Normal cost is 6 a year. It is FREE to AG members.

Living Legends 

Our yearly journal contains articles from many
non-members as well as members, aimed at both referees and players.
It is FREE to AG members, miss it and miss out!

The Adventurers Handbook 

Five years in the compilation, the
'Adventurers Handbook' will contain details of hundreds of clubs &
societies; shops & suppliers; manufacturers and entertainers. It is
the only guide to the complete spectrum of role-play and 'escapist'
hobbies, and will cost 7. It will be FREE to AG members.

Discounts 

Many LRP suppliers give discounts to AG members, and we
have half-price introductory adventures arranged at most professional
LRP centres. Our Special Guild Reps can teach you what you need to
know to make your own LRP kit.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
For further details write to:  The General Secretary, The Adventurers
Guild, PO Box 9, Beeston, Nottingham. NG9 7JQ, or call (0602) 789954

Membership applications to:  The Membership Secretary, 139 Goddard
Way, Saffron Walden, Essex. CB10 2DQ
-----------------------------------------------------------------------
-- 
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
"A small case of mood poisoning...it must |    Disclaimer: I'm mad.
 be something I hate."			  |
			  Eli, Wild Palms.|    Email: jay@dsbc.icl.co.uk

