Hey there

This is Swiss Pope.  I've written for e-zines such as HoE Publications and
Grill.  I love your site.

I noticed that you have Gozer #1 in the one-shot magazines directory of
textfiles.com.
Let me take a minute to inform you of a slight error in the description
and perhaps tell you about the rich history of Gozer.

The description listed for Gozer on textfiles.com is "Gozer Issue #1, by
Murmur (Ray Stanz)".  This should be corrected.  I am Ray Stanz.  Murmur
appeared in that issue under the alias "parfoums d'amorphis".  So if you
could change it to "Gozer Issue #1, by Ray Stanz", that would be much
appreciated.

There were about 5 or 6 issues of Gozer.  It was written almost
exclusively during e-zine writer and BBS gatherings in '95 and '96.  Most
issues of Gozers were written on laptops.  Murmur might retain some of the
issues.
I know at least one issue was written on my friend Greg's laptop and never
left it, and in '97 he had to give his laptop back to his aunt.  And I
think his aunt is dead now so I'd imagine the laptop was sold or thrown
out or bequeathed.

  One issue of Gozer was written on a paper plate.  During a high school
graduation party, Murmur was trying to mack on a BBS chick named Glynis
(read more about Glynis in http://www.hoe.nu/text/hoe-0264.txt and issues
of Grill).
So anyway, Murmur wrote "GLYNIS IS A HOTTIE" on a paper plate.  During the
course of the party, people scrawled random graffiti on it (they probably
thought it was of sentimental value to the kid graduating, but little did
they realize this was a clever trick to get people to write for Gozer).
So the paper plate became an issue of Gozer.  I can't remember if either
Murmur or I transcribed it, but I'm almost certain that if so the file
(and the paper plate) are forever lost.

Feel free to write if you're interested in more completely stupid e-zines
trivia.

Cheers
Phil


