March 1988 (vol. 4, #3)
1601 N. Tucson Blvd. Suite 9, Tucson, AZ 85716 c 1988 J Orient

                     MAKING THE WORLD "SAFE"

        -The INF Treaty promises to accomplish what the "peace"
movement failed to do with demonstrations:  the removal  of the
Pershing II missiles from Europe.  Many cherish hope that this is
a step toward peace in our time.  But a look at the arithmetic is
far from reassuring.

        Number of nuclear warheads to be dismantled:  exactly
zero (0).  

        Soviet ballistic missiles to be banned: approximately
eight (8)% of the total capable of reaching Free Europe
("approxi-mately" because the exact number of such missiles is
unknown).

        American ballistic missiles to be banned: one hundred
percent (100%) of those based in Europe and capable of reaching
the Soviet Union.

        Soviet leaders will sleep better at night once the
Pershing IIs are gone.  The reason is that these missiles are
just a few minutes away from the Kremlin, and are accurate enough
to find their way down a preselected chimney, or to destroy a
Fuehrer bunker by a direct hit with a ground burst.  They
threaten what the Soviet leaders value most themselves.  

    The Pershing II also threatens vitally important military
targets:  antiballistic missile sites and hardened command and
control centers.  And unlike the MX and other American ICBMs,
which are deployed in sitting)duck mode, the Pershing II is
mobile, i.e. survivable.

        It is thought that Soviet compliance (or noncompliance)
with the deal can be verified.  (According to the CIA, the
probability of detecting illegally deployed Soviet SS-20s, by
improved satellites not yet in orbit, is as high as 20%.)   The
penalty for noncompliance is that we might not want to sign
another treaty with them.  (Past noncompliance, however, hasn't
caused us to carry out such a dire threat.)

        It is quite possible that this deal might make Europe
safe from an actual Soviet strike.  European hostages would
remain alive, their wealth undamaged, ready to be plundered at
will. If deterrence fails (due to absence of the deterrent
force), unconditional surrender is the back)up plan for
preventing nuclear war.

        But there will still be nuclear armed ballistic missiles
on Soviet and American soil and beneath the high seas.  So the
possibility of nuclear conflict remains.

        Nonetheless, the INF Treaty is a necessary step in making
the rest of the world safe -- for a Soviet first strike against
the US.

        One year ago, Robert Jastrow warned that the US had five
years in which to construct a defense.  March 23, 1988, will be
the fifth anniversary of President Reagan's "Star Wars" speech.

        As yet, no strategic defenses have been deployed.

        Only the government can construct a strategic defense.
But you can help with the first layer of "passive" defense. Have
you built your shelter yet?  Or stored food for your family and
neighbors?  


Arizona Calendar

June 9.  Arizona Medical Association Continuing Medical Education
Program, Loew's Ventana Canyon Resort, Tucson.  To implement last
year's resolution favoring civil defense, a half)day educational
program on topics related to civil defense will be presented both
morning and afternoon.  Dr. Petr Beckmann will discuss
"Chernobyl, Etc.:  Nuclear Accidents and Terror."  Dr. Arthur
Robinson will discuss "Radiation Effects from Nuclear Weapons." 
Dr. Kenneth Lucas will speak on "Shelters:  Lessons from the
Hamburg Firestorm."  Mr. Eugene Zutell of the Arizona Division of
Emergency Services will describe "Nuclear Weapons Effects:  Myths
and Realities."  Dr. Jane Orient will show slides from the USSR
Department of Civil Defense, and a videotape describing actual
blast shelter tests.  Mark your calendar and plan to take
advantage of this unique educational opportunity.

Food Storage PlanKuoK

        A supply of food that would provide a balanced diet for
one person for a year can be purchased for about $100 plus
freight, if ordered in 20-person quantities from Prepared,ness
Products, telephone 801-292-3481.  One truckload would provide
for 73 persons.  Arizona residents interested in purchasing a
part of a truckload please telephone 325-2689. Make a purchase
before April 30, and get a discount on a subscrip,tion to the
Fighting Chance Newsletter.  (If you can get a better price, by
all means take advantage of it.)

Petition Your Government

        The least costly contribution you can make to the cause
of homeland defense is to obtain signatures on the enclosed
petition and mail it to the address at the bottom of the page.
Even a few signatures would be appreciated but be sure to xerox
the entire page if you'd like to obtain more.