From: sjackson@tic.com (Steve Jackson)
To: eff-a@tic.com
Subject: Minutes of March 10 meeting

MINUTES OF AUSTIN EFF DIRECTORS' MEETING - March 10, 1992
 
   Held at 7:30pm at Matt Lawrence's. Directors present were Jon
Lebkowsky, Matt Lawrence, Smoot Carl-Mitchell, Steve Jackson, Ed
Cavazos. Observing: Dick Anderson, Gavino Morin.
   Minutes of the last meeting were approved w/o reading.
 
   Recommendations on organization and our official status - Ed 
presented his first draft of a charter and by-laws. He and Gavino
had collaborated on these. Lots of discussion; some blanks filled
in, others debated but not filled in, more blanks discovered. Decisions
included:
   We will ask Cambridge for a copy of their charter in order to
make language of purpose, etc., identical where possible.
   There will be 9 directors and an undetermined number of advisory
directors.
        Local dues will be $10/year, or $5 per students, but we won't set
a corporate structure yet.
        Individual members will be strongly encouraged to join the national
EFF, but not required.
 
   Meetings and publicity - We still don't have any committments. Jon
and Dick will try to get something definite from MCC.
   We need to prepare a membership package for the local group, once
the first meeting is set. SJ will do DTP and printing, Smoot will take
care of postage.
   Jon is now keeping a separate stock of literature, to make it
easier for him and others to get material without going by SJ's office.
 
Local activities since the last meeting:
   The GTC finished as well as it started; we got lots of names of
people interested in information. Bruce participated in a panel and was
reportedly the hit of the show.
   Steve Jackson, along with Mike Godwin, went to Kansas City to the
ACM meeting to take the negative in an ACM debate on the proposition
(stated briefly) "Should the states license software professionals?"
Audience of about 100; it went well. John Barlow was at the same event,
participating in another panel.
   SJ also passed out EFF literature and answered questions at OrcCon,
a very large (2,000-plus attendees) gaming convention in Los Angeles.
 
Local activities, upcoming or proposed:
   The Austin Peace Festival takes place April 25. Jon reports that we
can reserve a booth for $20. He has not yet done so due to lack of Board
response to his postings on the subject.
   The UT College of Communication is interested in having an EFF speaker
at their Communications Week, April 1-4. It looks as though Steve Jackson
and Mike Godwin will both participate.
   When Bruce's HACKER CRACKDOWN book is published, EFF-Austin
should sponsor a signing. Maybe at a local bookstore . . . maybe at a
computer store. Bruce is willing. The book will be released in September.
 
   Mailing list - Jon was going to meet with Earl Cooley to discuss
this. Earl may be out of communication; Jon hadn't gotten back with
him, but will do so before next meeting.
 
   CyberTex was discussed again. Consensus that it can't happen this
year - tentatively, about this time next year sounds right. Jon and Ed
will call a meeting specifically for those interested in CyberTex;
the convention committee needs to start meeting separately. Important
decisions needed: Basic committee structure, basic agenda, preferred
date. SJ volunteered to call hotels once preferred date is set.
 
   Computer display program - No progress.
 
   Logo - we now have a working graphics file of the star, cannon and
"Come And Take It" image. The EFF logo has been completed, but we have
not yet seen it.
 
   Dick Anderson discussed a case, reported in the newest issue of
AMERICAN RIFLEMAN, of a gun owner who was subjected to an intrusive
and destructive surprise search by BATF (Treasury Department) agents.
He suggested that the EFF should contact the NRA and offer to share
information on Fourth Amendment issues, since the case sounds very
similar to the SJ Games and Sun Devil raids. For instance, the raid
was made in great force, on a sealed "no comment" warrant, but
nothing was found.
 
   Susan Cisco sent some searches done on SJ's name in the Nexus/Lexis
database. Consensus: Nothing new here, but the search is a good thing
- it just happens that this time we had all the data already. Susan
was not present, and sent word that she will not have time to be a
director but is interested in serving as an advisor.
 
   Jon's suggestion for a retreat was discussed. Reaction were mixed.
No action was taken.
 
   We have gotten no further data on the bust of "Archaic Illume." Ed
will make some calls and see if he can find anything further.
 
   Still awaiting discussion is the "Interactive University" proposal
from Dick Cutler at UT. Is this something we are able and willing to
support in any way?
 
 
   Our next directors' meeting will be Tuesday, April 14, at 7:30
at Matt's house. Note that the agenda for the March 10 meeting said
the next meeting would be April 7. This was wrong.
