Return-Path: <sjackson>
Date: Fri, 4 Oct 91 03:13:10 CDT
From: sjackson (Steve Jackson)
Message-Id: <9110040813.AA20489@aahsa.tic.com>
To: eff-a
Subject: Reports on the first two directors' meetings
Cc: chapters-discuss@eff.org


MINUTES OF EFF-AUSTIN DIRECTORS' MEETING - Sept. 16, 1991
   These minutes were originally prepared by Lew Oleinick, and
supplemented heavily from Steve Jackson's notes. SJ prepared
the final draft; blame him for any problems.
 
   The meeting was held at Steve Jackson's home. 
   Those attending: Steve Jackson, Lar Kaufman, John Quarterman,
Smoot Carl-Mitchell, Matt Lawrence, Bruce Sterling, Jon Lebkowski,
Lew Oleinick. Also present were two writers from the Netherlands,
who were visiting Bruce.
 
   Status - SJ reported that Mitch Kapor had given the Austin chapter
full verbal approval to proceed. However, he (Mitch) would certainly
appreciate it if we didn't take any surprising public stands
without checking with Cambridge. It was agreed that we would
like to have some written statement from EFF proper as to how
they perceive our relationship to them. Most of those present were
uneasy about taking any action on behalf of EFF, or even representing
themselves as directors of the Austin group, without *something*
in writing. Questions were also raised as to exactly how the national
group is organized, and what prompted them to become a membership
organization. Since the national group has 501(c)(3) status, do we
have to apply for non-profit status? Should we? Can we?
   It was suggested that we explore the ways that other large
national organizations operate with regard to their local
chapters. Smoot will check into the Sierra Club. The ACLU and
Audubon Society were also suggested as possible models.
   Since we are the "test site" for local chapters of the EFF, it
was agreed that we should prepare a proposal for Cambridge as
to our relationship: our responsibilities, our duties, and our
"jurisdiction." There was discussion about the obvious distinction
between official statements on behalf of EFF, and interviews in 
which one speaks as a concerned citizen.
   It was pointed out that when any interview asks for a comment
on a subject on which Cambridge hasn't taken a position, it would
be appropriate to refer the interviewer to Cambridge for an
"official" quote. Specifically, we should ask them to
talk to Mike Godwin if the issue is legal, and Gerard van der Leun
otherwise, unless Cambridge provides different contact people.
 
   Media - We discussed the media and how to work with them. It was
agreed that if it's easy for the media to find the local EFF, we
can serve as a useful information resource any time a case comes up.
 
   Education - Several education-related issues were discussed,
including
     1) producing a local newsletter
     2) offering BBS tutorials at high schools and for the Austin
police department
     3) setting up a meeting with the police chief to offer our
services (Smoot, as a recent member of the Austin city council,
is in a position to look into this and will do so)
     4) hold policy seminars at the Universities and law schools
in the Austin area, discussing computers and the net.
 
   EFF-Austin bulletin board - At the moment, we are using the SMOFboard
(512-467-7317) for public access, and running our e-mail through
tic.com. Possible functions for a bbs:
   Maintain a current BBS list for Austin and Central Texas
   Discuss BBS-related issues (like viri in downloads)
   Offer virus protection information and perhaps software
on a local board as a form of community liaison.
   Create a police-specific BBS, so that local police can get BBS
experience.
 
   Civil Liberties Watch - It was agreed that, should an "EFF case"
or potential EFF case appear, it would be our duty to collect as
much information as possible in order to keep the rest of the Net
better informed. It would also be our duty to put relevant people
in touch with Cambridge, ASAP, so they could get help, but NOT to
act as go-betweens once initial contact was made, unless specifically
asked to do so.
 
   Computer Underground - It was suggested that the EFF can't really
assure the media, etc., that the "underground" is basically small
and harmless, because we don't have exact numbers. After quite a bit
of discussion, no consensus was reached, but the majority opinion was
that there is no point in trying to do a "cracker census" in order to
say, e.g., "We know that out of every 1,000 users, only 3 are crackers
or phreaks."
 
   General Meetings - We discussed the desirability of general meetings,
as opposed to directors' meetings. The consensus seemed to be that
quarterly general meetings might be desirable, but that anything oftener
was overdoing it. However, *any* public activity we plan should be
announced to the EFF-Austin mailing list, so that anyone interested can
participate (and/or volunteer!).
   The optimum size of the board was also discussed. The consensus was
that the optimum size for now was to include everyone who was interested
in working regularly for the EFF.
 
   Logo - Bruce Sterling offered to procure a logo, and it was agreed
that he should do so. SJ will make some buttons when we have a logo -
hopefully, in time for Armadillocon.
 
   Conferences - Lew Oleinick reported that in Dallas, in early October,
there will be a conference in Dallas on fiber optics. He knows a
professor, Susan Hadden, who will be moderating a panel there. Lew
will contact Mike Godwin to see if the national group has any
interest in having a presence at this conference.
national.
   We will definitely have a table at Armadillocon.
 
   Conferences redux - We discussed the possibility of *hosting* a
conference in Austin, focusing on both futurism and civil liberties.
It was generally agreed that the idea was very interesting,
but that we had nowhere near enough active people . . . yet.
 
   Bruce Sterling announced that, after consideration, he thinks
that journalistic integrity should prohibit him from serving on
the Austin EFF board, since he is going to be reporting on the
actions of that board . . . but he remains interested in working
with us in any way that won't be too incestuous.
 
   The next meeting was set for Monday, Sept. 30th at Matt Lawrence's 
house at 7pm.


MINUTES OF EFF-AUSTIN DIRECTORS' MEETING - Sept. 30, 1991
   Prepared by Steve Jackson; blame him for errors or omissions.
 
   Held chez Matt Lawrence, 7:30pm. Present: Steve Jackson, Lar Kaufman,
Matt Lawrence, John Quarterman, Bruce Sterling. Smoot Carl-Mitchell joined
briefly by phone.
 
   Announcements - SJ had the new legal filings in SJ Games vs. US Secret
Service. Also, SJ has been invited to participate in a debate as part
of the ACM Computer Science Conference (CSC '92).
 
   "Approval of the minutes" - Lew not being present with his revised
minutes, we decided not to worry about this. Lew has dropped off the
board due to school pressures, but has provided us with his notes.
 
   Conversational Right of Way - Agreed that we don't need Robert's
Rules of Order, but that we should start each meeting by running down
the prepared agenda and only then should we drop into a "jam session."
 
   Our official status - Smoot has nothing new for us yet.
 
   Armadillocon - We have approval to set up a table. Cambridge is
sending literature. We have volunteers for table help (Lawrence,
Jackson, Therel Moore and Perry Stokes, certainly others) but we
do NOT have anyone to organize the event. I (Jackson) will do it if
necessary, but don't have time to do it as well as it should be done.
A volunteer is really needed.
   There will also be a panel on electronic freedoms. Time not yet known.
   If anybody in EFF has a room there, hosting a party would be a great
idea.
 
   Other conventions - We will have other possible targets, including 
a conference in Dallas on fiber optics (Lew was talking with Mike
Godwin about this; Lar will check) and a hypertext conference in San
Antonio in a few months. Which ones should we try to hit? Again, we may
need a Con Coordinator, to deal with such appearances, but we have no
volunteers.
 
   CACTUS - This organization is in need of speakers. Bruce will call
them and volunteer. He strongly feels that the general public should NOT
be invited to a CACTUS meeting. Perhaps other groups (Jaycees?) would be
interested in an Electronic Frontier presentation?
 
   Libertarians - Robert Howard is interested in the EFF and has
volunteered to liase between use and the local Libertarian Party; he
perceives a commonality of interests. His offer is accepted with thanks.
 
   Texas Observer - Bruce will touch base with the editorial staff. This
may not be a good time to publish an article, but it's not too early to
suggest the idea. Or perhaps he will suggest two articles: a backgrounder
now, and one later when a court case comes to trial.
 
   UT Law School - A liaison would be a good idea. A few interested law 
students would be a boon to the organization at this point. SJ will 
contact Mike Godwin and see what he suggests.
 
   TIC.COM - John and Smoot have upgraded their system since
our last meeting. Everything may or may not be working 100%.
 
   Logo: Bruce provided the fruits of his library research on 
the "Come and Take It" flag logo. Lar is going to scan it, and
various people will see what could be done about making an EFF Austin
flag, button, or whatever out of it.
 
   Next meeting: Wednesday, Oct. 16, after Armadillocon, at Matt's.
