My View: Baseball       
Copyright (c) 1994, Thomas Van Hook
All rights reserved


[Each month, a reader/writer is offered the opportunity to give his or  
 her viewpoint on a particular topic dear to them. If you'd like the
 chance to air *Your* views in this forum, please contact Joe DeRouen
 via one of the many ways listed in CONTACT POINTS elsewhere in this
 issue]



It Ain't Over Till It's Over And It's Over Now
             by Thomas Van Hook


        I can vaguely remember the first time I saw a Major League Baseball 
game.  At Riverfront Stadium (Cincinnati, Ohio), I got to watch a 
double-header between the Cincinnati Reds and the Montreal Expos.  It was 
the first time that Tony Perez would play against his former teammates on 
the Reds.  On that sunny July afternoon in 1978, I got to see some of the 
greatest players in the game.  Cincinnati had the great Johnny Bench playing 
catcher, the infamous Pete Rose playing third base, and a young 
superstar-in-the-making in Ken Griffey Sr. in the outfield.  Montreal had 
Gary Carter behind the plate, and Tony Perez on first base.  Of these 
players, only Pete Rose will not make the Baseball Hall-Of-Fame, and not 
because he wasn't one of the greatest players the game ever saw.  It was a 
very special time in the life of a 13-year old kid.  My eyes were wide open 
with the awe of the "greats."  There were no "work-stoppages" looming over 
the horizon, no "collective bargaining agreements" to ratify.  But the times 
did change.

        Now, instead of watching Major League Baseball players with a 
reverent awe, I stare at them with a wide-eyed look of shock.  While the 
fans have clung to baseball as a cherished part of their lives, the players 
dismiss it as nothing more than "a job."  The fans have watched game after 
game, knowing that they are watching history-in-the-making that they can 
pass down to their kids by word of mouth.  The players look at each game as 
"another day at the office."  There is no excitement and love for the game 
of baseball in the spirit of the players.  Instead, the spirit of the 
players is driven by a greedy desire of money.  That greed has forced the 
cancellation of the World Series for the first time in ninety years.  Major 
League Baseball is rotting away from the inside.

        The question that is frequently asked of me is:  "What will become 
of baseball?"  I am not sure.  A prolonged strike by the players will result 
in some of the most devastating financial situations for the owners since 
the advent of the "Brotherhood War" in the early 1900s.  Several teams look 
poised for a collapse.  There could be as few as three teams bankrupt at the 
end of a prolonged strike.  There is also the possibility that the next 
elected Congress will break the Anti-Trust exemption that was awarded to 
Major League Baseball by the Supreme Court.  If this does happen, then 
there will be a potential for the creation of a new "Player's League."  
Saddly, the times are mirroring the attitudes and events in the Brotherhood 
War.  The loser in that fiasco was ALL of baseball.  I just wonder how much 
longer the fans are going to put up with the nonsense they are being fed by 
the both sides in this "Baseball War."  There is one thing that is certain.  
Baseball will never be the same once the dust from this fight settles.

        Goodnight baseball, you will be missed.

