+=========+=================================================+===========+
|  F.Y.I. |Newsnote from the Electronic Frontier Foundation |July 9,1992|
+=========+=================================================+===========+


     FEDERAL HACKING INDICTMENTS ISSUED AGAINST FIVE IN NEW YORK CITY


Yesterday, Federal officials indicted five people in New York City for
computer crime. The indictments name Mark Abene (Phiber Optik), Julio
Fernandez (Outlaw), John Lee (Corrupt), Elias Ladopoulos (Acid Phreak),
and Paul Stria (Scorpion). The indictments charge that the accused used
their computers to access credit bureaus, other computer systems, and
make free long-distance calls.


Prosecutors revealed they relied on court-approved wiretaps to obtain
much of the evidence for their multiple-count indictment for wire fraud,
illegal wiretapping and conspiracy. Each count is punishable by up to 5
years in prison. The defendants are scheduled to be arraigned in
Manhattan Federal Court on July 16. If found guilty on all counts the
defendants could face a maximum term of 50 years in prison and fines of
$2.5 million.


Otto Obermaier, U.S. Attorney, discounted suggestions that the acts
alleged in the indictment were only "pranks" and asserted that they
represented "the crime of the future." He also stated that one purpose
of the indictment was to send a message that "this kind of conduct will
not be tolerated."


Mark Abene, known to the computer community as Phiber Optik, denied any
wrongdoing.


The Electronic Frontier Foundation's staff counsel in Cambridge, Mike
Godwin is carefully reviewing the indictments.  Mitchell Kapor, EFF
President, stated today that: "EFF's position on unauthorized access to
computer systems is, and has always been, that it is wrong."


"Nevertheless," Kapor continued, "we have on previous occasions
discovered that allegations contained in Federal indictments can also be
wrong, and that civil liberties can be easily infringed in the
information age.  Because of this, we will be examining this case
closely to establish the facts."


+=====+===================================================+=============+
| EFF |155 Second Street, Cambridge MA 02141 (617)864-0665| eff@eff.org |
+=====+===================================================+=============+
:
