
\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/
/=\=/     How to Make and use     \=/=\
\=/=\        Nitroglycerin        /=\=/
/=\=/    Edited by Irate Pirate   \=/=\
\=/=\   Computer Pirates of Utah  /=\=/
/=\=/    Phone: (801)-264-8201    /=\=/
/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\

     Nitroglycerin <heretofore Nitro>
is a very powerful high explosive.  I
am not sure who invented it but he
probably didn't -- the first person to
make it probably blew himself up and
his friend got the info off his notes.
Well anyway, the next best thing to
Nitro is TNT which is ten times harder
to make but also ten times safer to
make.  If you can't use it then don't
even TRY to make this stuff!!!

To Make Nitro:
     Mix 100 parts fuming nitric acid
(for best results it should have a
specific gravity of 50 degrees Baume')
with 200 parts sulphuric acid.  This is
going to be HOT at first -- it won't
splatter if you pour the nitric INTO
the sulphuric but don't try it the
other way around.  The acid solutions
together can disolve flesh in a matter
of seconds so take the proper measures
for God's sake!!!  When cool, add 38
parts glycerine as slowly as possible.
Let it trickle down the sides of the
container into the acids or it won't
mix thouroughly and the reaction could
go to fast -- which causes enough heat
to ignite the stuff.  Stir with a
**GLASS** rod for 15 seconds or so then
CAREFULLY pour it into 20 time it's
volume of water.  It will visibly
precipitate immediately.  There will be
twice as much Nitro as you used
glycerin and it is easy to separate.
Mix it with baking soda as soon as you
have separated it -- this helps it not
to go off spontainiously.

NOTES:
     Parts are by weight and the Baume'
scale of specific gravity can be found
in most chem. books.  You can get
fuming nitric and sulfuric acid
wherever good chemicals or fertilizers
are sold.  It is positively *STUPID*
to make more than 200 grams of Nitro at
a time.  When mixing the stuff wear
goggles, gloves, etc.  When I first
made the stuff I had the honor of
having it go off by itself (I added
too much glycerine at the time.) I was
across the room at the time, but I felt
the impact -- so did the table it was
on as well as the window it was next to
--- they were both smashed by only 25
grams in an open bowl.)  Oh, yes,
glycerine you can get at any pharmacy
and you need no adult signature for the
acids.  Any bump can make Nitro go off
if you don't add the bicarbonate
(baking soda) -- but even with that,
if it gets old I wouldn't play catch
with it.

     Once you have made the Nitro and
saturated it with Bicarb. you can make
a really powerful explosive that won't
go off by itself by simply mixing it
with as much cotton as you can and then
saturating that with molten (parifine
-- just enought to make it sealed and
hard.)  Typically use the same amounts
(by weight) of each Nitro, cotton and
parifine.  This, when wrapped in
newspaper, was once know as "Norbin &
Ohlsson's Patent Dynamite," but that
was back in 1896.

**Carefully** mix equal amounts of
nitric acid and sulphuric acid togther
in a graduated cylinder or other tall,
thin container.  Slowly add ordinary
glycerin a stir very lightly.  Wait a
while, and pour off the liquid on top.
This liquind is nitroglycerine, and
should be handeled with caution.
Washing it with sodium carbonate will
improve the purity.

As for the use of what you just made
let me know......
/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\=/=\
---------------------------------------
