                        ===========================
                        Welcome to The Inner Circle
                        ===========================

The following files are all captures of various message bases and posts
within the lifetime of Unauthorised Access BBS. UA was without a doubt the
-best- Hack/Phreak board ever to grace these shores.

        Run by Phantasm off an Amiga 2000 with some serious bolt-ons, it
attracted more than its fair share of attention from the UK's 'elite'
hackers / phreakers. Notable members upon its user list included The Grim
Reaper, Falcan, Asterix, DaveX, BooT!, Cherokee, Dr. Fonk, Mini-Master,
Vladimir, Fugitive [Later to become Krew-L-T], Eck, Maelstrom, Hi.T.Moonweed,
Zn0te and Cold Fire.

        The board was without a doubt one of the main educational staying
points for some of todays '3133+ d00dz', and, when it finally shutdown in
the Summer of 95, it was felt that a part of the scene had been lost that
could never be recovered.

        UABBS was the first board I called, ever, and the atmosphere on it
was -very- good. No-one was paranoid about Busts, everyone got on with
each other, and users were kept to a minimum to insure security. Despite
the shitty Mailer and several other annoying facilities, the board always
teemed with information.

        Unfortunately, most boards nowadays seem to want to adopt the
'American Lamer' style of posturing and boasting. This isn't a dig at the
Americans, Jeez, no - Most of the best Information has always come from
America, but some of the more impressionable members of our community seem
to think it's KeWL 2 WrIt3 Lik3 ThiS d00dZzzz... Sad really, Britain had
so much to offer hacking scene wise, and with the death of UABBS, it looks
like that particular sense of community and co-operation was lost for good.

        Not so... Good boards since UABBS included :

        Digital Violation               Mini-Master
        Duk and Cover                   Scribla / Smurf / Erotica
        1066                            Atrocity [I now Co-sys]
        DockMaster                      Eck

All the above seemed to maintain the same atmosphere as the old days, with
the minimum of fuss. The thing that saddens me most about the UK today is
that we appear to have lost our sense of identity, and now rely on others
to provide one for us. Anyway, enough of my nostalgic dribbling - I'll let
you parse through the caps.

        Later

                Keltic Phr0st   14/06/96



