
                      NBA JAM T.E. (SNES) FAQ 1.0a
                             FEB. 21, 1995
                          jbdeen@email.unc.edu


------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Notes:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
This FAQ, although compiled by me, is the property of the users of RGVN 
newsgroup.  The info in this FAQ has come from many different sources 
(experience, RGVN post, previous FAQs, hacking, etc.) and a lot of this 
info is sure to be partly inaccurate due to its very recent release.  
Being that is a new game, codes and such appear daily.  Please help me 
by sending your favorite strategies, codes not in this FAQ, or other 
cool tidbits to me via email.  Any corrections or additions to this FAQ 
can be sent to (jbdeen@email.unc.edu)

Any reproduction of this material WITHOUT GIVING PROPER CREDIT is
unethical and extremely unprofessional. Got that, EGM (et. al.)? This
file may be passed along provided that it is given FREE OF CHARGE.

Take special note of things marked with "**".

**Some of you were concerned that you were not receiving credit for your 
contribution(s) to the FAQ. So if you would like, please send me a line 
of e-mail, and it can be easily remedied for the next release.

Special thanks to all that have sent in request, info, corrections, etc!

**Although this FAQ is written primarily for the SNES version of NBA JAM
TE, the equivalent Genesis buttons for the codes are here too.

Thanks!,
Jason Deen

------------------------------------------------------------------------
FAQ History:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
1.0a:Initial release

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Game Description:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Welcome to.....   NBA JAM TE!

NBA JAM TE for the SNES provides many features over the Original
translation.  Most noticeably is the battery backed-up record keeping,
new options screen for strange •hotspots¢ and •power-up icons¢,
increased rosters, new dunks, and new sounds.  The quality of the sounds
has not changed that much, and the graphics are practically identical.
However subtle differences are noticeable.  One feature that was removed
was the FMV during the halftime.  I liked this feature and was sad to
see it go. This version is a full 8 Megabits larger than the previous
which brings the size of the cart to 24 Megabits.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NBA JAM TE (SNES) Power-Ups:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE:  All Power-Ups are done using the directional pad (U,D,R, and L)
and the X,Y,A, and B buttons.  The L and R buttons are NOT used.  Also,
it doesn™t matter what Shoot/Pass/Turbo configuration your using.  You
can combine some power-ups, and some you can™t.  More on this as I get
additional info.

Power-Up Goal Tending
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap R,U,D,R,D,U

Power-Up Dunks
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap L,R,A,B,B,A

Power-Up 3™s
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,D,L,R,L,D,U

Power-Up Turbo
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap B,B,B,A,D,D,U,L

Power-Up Fire
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap D,R,R,B,A,L

Power-Up Offense
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap A,B,U,A,B,U,D

Power-Up Push
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap D,R,A,B,A,R,D

Quick Hands
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap L,L,L,L,A,R

Max Power
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap R,R,L,R,B,B,R

Teleport Pass
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,R,R,L,A,D,L,L,R,B

•Rainbow¢ Shots
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,D,U,D,R,U,A,A,A,A,D

Super Speed
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,U,U,U,L,L,L,L,B,A

Slippery Court
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap A,A,A,A,A,R,R,R,R,R

Shot % Indicator  
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,U,D,D,B

Knock Down Teammate
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,U,U,U,L,L,L,L,A,B

Knock Down Both Opponents
At the "Tonight's Match-Up" screen, tap U,U,U,U,L,L,L,L,A,A

Team Swap
At any •Substitution¢ screen, press and hold U & B for 3 sec.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NBA JAM (SNES) Special Guest Stars:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
NOTE:  Codes are entered by placing the cursor on a letter and then
holding START while pressing the code activator button. A •*¢ denotes
any button will work. 

**For all you Genesis owners, Y can be substituted with C to make the
codes work.

--Acclaim/Iguana Developers:
    (AIR/Y*Y)  AIR DOG - ????
    (KSK/*BY)  KID SILK  - ????
    (HTP/A*Y)  SCOOTER PIE - ????
    (MPF/BY*)  MOOSEKAT - ????
    (AMX/*AY)  CHOW CHOW - ????
    (RAY/BA*)  WEASEL - ????
    (LGN/AB*)  BRUTAH - ????
    (DAN/*BA)  KABUKI - ????
    (XYZ/BBA)  FACIME - ????
    (JAY/*AB)  MOON - JAY MOON
    (CK_/B*Y)  KIRBY - CHRIS KIRBY
    (GOF/AYB)  SNAKE - STEVE SNAKE
    (JF_/A*Y)  FALCUS - JASON FALCUS
    (MCM/BBY)  MUSKETT - •MAD¢ MIKE MUSKETT

**Does anyone have better descriptions of who the Acclaim people are and
what they do?  I remember reading job descriptions in a Gaming mag
(GamePro, I think) once.

--Williams/Midway Developers:
    (MJT/A*A)  TURMELL - Mark Turmell is the main designer and
               programmer for the NBA JAM series in the arcades.
    (RJR/*AY)  RIVITT - Jamie Rivitt is one of the original NBA JAM
               programmers/developers.
    (SAL/AY*)  DIVITA - Sal Divita did the artwork on NBA JAM,
               and helped do some of the graphics work on Mortal
               Kombat.
    (SL_/*BB)  LIPTAK - Shawn Liptak is one of the original NBA JAM
               programmers/developers. In the original arcade NBA JAM
               he is the one with a basketball for a brain.
    (TWG/B*A)  GOSKIE - Tony Goskie is one of the original NBA JAM
               programmers/developers.
    (JMC/YYB)  CARLTON - John Carlton is one of the original NBA JAM
               programmers/developers.

--Mascots:
    (BNY/B*Y)  BENNY - Official Team Mascot for the Chicago Bulls.
    (HGO/*YA)  HUGO - Official Team Mascot for the Charlotte Hornets.
    (GOR/*BB)  SUNS GORILLA - Official Team Mascot for the Phoenix
               Suns.
    (CRN/AB*)  CRUNCH - Official Team Mascot for the Minnesota
               Timberwolves.

--Beastie Boys:
    (MKD/Y*Y)  MIKE D
    (MCA/BB*)  MCA
    (ADR/*YB)  AD ROK

--Others:
    (BLZ/Y*Y)  CAROL BLAZEKOWSKI - Finally, a FEMALE!
    (BRD/AYA)  LARRY BIRD - One of the greatest players of the NBA
               comes back to show the wet-behind-the-ears rookies a
               thing or two.
    (ROY/BA*)  PRINCE CHARLES - Royalty has never rocked so hard.
    (CIC/A*B)  BILL CLINTON - I have no idea who this guy is.
    (HC_/*B*)  HILLARY CLINTON - Ditto.
    (HVY/A*B)  HEAVY D - The Overweight Lover.
    (WIL/YB*)  FRESH PRINCE - Washed-up rapper turned actor.
    (JAZ/YAA)  JAZZY JEFF - His loser sidekick.
    (SOX/B*A)  BJ THOMAS - Baseball player for the Chicago White SOX. 
               I guess with the strike he had nothing better to do
               than to shoot some rock :^)
    (PHI/*AY)  RANDALL CUNNINGHAM - Football player for the
               Philadelphia Eagles

--Rumored
    (???/???)  STEVEN TYLER - Aerosmith lead vocalist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
NBA JAM (SNES) List of Players:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Here is a list of the players that was taken from a ROM dump of NBA JAM
TE (SNES).  Now we all know how reliable these ROM dumps are from the
Mortal Kombat II ROM dump (anyone remember •Ed Boon Wins¢ ?), however it
does give you something to think about.  There are extra NBA players
here that are not automatically accessible in the game which leads me to
believe that there is probably an •extended roster¢ code that can be
done. Also as you can see below, there are additional names that are not
NBA players.  Are these unfound secret characters or just Acclaim
playing with our minds?  Only time will tell.

STARRING... TIM HARDAWAY CHRIS MULLIN DANNY MANNING OLIVER MILLER JAMES
WORTHY VLADE DIVAC DAN MAJERLE KEVIN JOHNSON CLYDE DREXLER TERRY PORTER
SHAWN KEMP DETLEF SCHREMPF WAYMAN TISDALE MITCH RICHMOND DEREK HARPER
JIM JACKSON DIKEMBE MUTOMBO LAPHONSO ELLIS HAKEEM OLAJUWON VERNON
MAXWELL CHRISTIAN LAETTNER CHUCK PERSON DAVID ROBINSON SEAN ELLIOTT KARL
MALONE JOHN STOCKTON DOMINIQUE WILKINS STACEY AUGMON LARRY JOHNSON
ALONZO MOURNING SCOTTIE PIPPEN HORACE GRANT MARK PRICE BRAD DAUGHERTY
MUGGSY BOGUES SHAWN BRADLEY REGGIE MILLER STANLEY ROBERTS SEAN ROOKS
KEVIN EDWARDS DEE BROWN CALBERT CHEANEY RONY SEIKALY HAROLD MINER
DERRICK COLEMAN KENNY ANDERSON PATRICK EWING JOHN STARKS NICK ANDERSON
SCOTT SKILES CLARENCE WEATHERSPOON JEFF HORNACEK TOM GUGLIOTTA ROBERT
PACK CHRIS WEBBER LUC LONGLEY ANTHONY PEELER GERALD WILKINS CLIFFORD
ROBINSON GARY PAYTON KENDALL GILL JOHN WILLIAMS BOBBY HURLEY SPUD WEBB
JAMAL MASHBURN DINO RADJA ROBERT HORRY STEVE SMITH ISAIAH RIDER DENNIS
RODMAN LOY VAUGHT DAVID BENOIT KEVIN WILLIS HERSEY HAWKINS B.J.
ARMSTRONG TONI KUKOC LIONEL SIMMONS JOE DUMARS DELL CURRY MALIK SEALY
RIK SMITS VIN BAKER TODD DAY XAVIER MCDANIEL MOOKIE BLAYLOCK GLEN RICE
TERRY CUMMINGS MAHMOUD ABDUL-RAUF ANTHONY MASON CHARLES OAKLEY ANFERNEE
HARDAWAY TERRY MILLS LATRELL SPREWELL OTIS THORPE SAM CASSELL DERRICK
MCKEY ANTONIO DAVIS POOH RICHARDSON NICK VAN EXEL TERRY DAVIS BILLY
OWENS JOHN CARLTON SAL DI-VITA SHAUN LIPTAK MARK TURMELL TONY GOSKIE
JAMIE RIVETT WES LITTLE SCOTT SCHENO CHRIS KIRBY STEVE SNAKE JASON
FALCUS MAD MIKE MUSKETT NEIL ZIGGY HILL LARRY BIRD CAROL BLAZEKOWSKI
BENNY HUGO CRUNCH SUNS GORILLA BILL CLINTON PRINCE CHARLES STEVEN TYLER
ASIF CHAUDHRI BRETT GOW DAN FEINSTEIN ERIC SAMULSKI ALEX DE LUCIA JAY
MOON ERIC KUBY REX CHAPMAN ERIC MURDOCK DOUG WEST ARMON GILLIAM A C
GREEN DENNIS SCOTT JEFF MALONE DANA BARROS ROD STRICKLAND

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special NBA JAM (SNES) Strategies:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
WINNING THE OPENING TIP-OFF:  The only button that is important in
winning the opening tip-off is the shoot button.  If your player is
taller than the other, that helps too.  If your team is too small, you
might consider using a special guest star from the list above.

DEFENSE/STEALING STRATEGY:
-Stealing:  There are two good methods for stealing.  One is to
repeatedly press the steal button.  This will •swipe¢ the ball away from
the opponet as opposed to knocking them down.  The biggest problem with
this method is that it does not seem to work as it did in the original
version of NBA JAM for the SNES.  My favorite technique is to use the
turbo & steal buttons at the same time to know the player down.  As you
knock them down, follow them as they land so that if the ball was not
knocked away as they feel, you can do it again before they get a chance
to get up.

-Rejecting dunks:  The best way to reject a duck is to be UNDER the
basket when the other player is in the air.  In NBA JAM TE, rejecting
ducks has been made MUCH easier than in the previous version, and you
can reject dunkers 80-90 percent of the time if your player has high
defensive power.  If the dunker is going to beat you to the basket, the
best method of stopping him is to knock him down before or as he leaves
the ground to dunk.
  
-Rebounding/Goal Tending:
Rebounding in NBA JAM TE is not hard if you remember two things:  First,
to rebound you have to pick the ball off of the rim, not out of the air. 
This is not a problem if you have power-up goal tending (my favorite
power-up), but on a regular basis the team will score with the goal
tending call.  Secondly, you must be the first one to jump to get the
rebound.  In other basketball games, you can jump after the other player
and •strip¢ the ball from him in the air --  not so here.  Always be the
first to jump.

-Shot Blocking
Shot blocking in NBA JAM TE is about the hardest way to of defending
against the outside shot.  If you™re good, you can do it, but most
players will like to either knock the player down before they get the
shot off or trying to reject it under the basket.

OFFENSE/SHOOTING STRATEGY:
-Passing:
Passing is one of the best ways of keeping fom getting the ball stolen
from you.  The passes must be •smart¢ passes, though.  The best time to
pass is if you are getting trapped in the corner or being double teamed
with the trap.  One favorite strategy among players is to start off like
you are shooting (which will draw the defender toward you) then passing
before the shot gets off.  Often, while you are hanging in the air
before passing, your computer teammate will knock down his opponet --
pass to him quickly for an easy basket.

This method of drawing the defense works wonders when you are about to
dunk.  As stated earlier, it is fairly easy to reject a dunk in NBA JAM
TE when the defender has position under the basket.  What I like to do
is to use a team with a good dunker and a good 3-point shooter.  I™ll
take the dunker in for a Monster Jam, but as I™m coming down kick it out
to my hot shooter who just happens to be free for •3¢ because I drew the
defense away form him with my dunking-pass.  The dunking-pass is done
just like the shooting-pass.



-Shooting:
In NBA JAM TE, the only two ways to score are by shooting and dunking,
so it stands to reason you™ll be doing a lot of both.  Your chances of
making a basket increase if three conditions are met.  First, you will
get a higher FG percentage if you get a clean look at the basket. 
Shooting with a defender in your face is unwise for two reasons; you
will probably miss the shot because of shooting with a hand in your
face, or you might simply get blocked.  Secondly, you™re shot is more
likely to go it if you:  A) are holding the turbo button while shooting,
and B) let go of the ball at the highest point of your jump.

Pump fakes are a good way to throw off a defender.  These are especially
good in playing the perimeter.  If you don™t throw off your defender
with the pump fake, you might try pressing shoot very rapidly.  This
will throw some elbows and might just throw off your defender.

Dunking is my favorite way of scoring, and is a integral part of the NBA
JAM experience.  As stated earlier, though, it is MUCH harder to dunk in
this TE version than the previous one.  In order to dunk successfuly,
you must beat your defender to the basket.  If you haven™t, then in
order to dunk you must be dunking on someone with little defensive
power.  This is why its incredibly important to notice who your opponet
picks at the player selection screen.

MILK THE CLOCK: In a one-player or a two person team vs. the computer,
you can burn seconds off a clock and keep a lead from changing as quick
as it can if you play fast break basketball. If you have a large lead,
the computer assistance function of NBA JAM TE will try to rob you of
your well earned victory by cheating like hell.  What you do to combat
this is to rebound (or inbound) the ball, and stay in the backcourt (NBA
JAM TE does not give backcourt violations).  The computer will stay in
it's position and do nothing until the Shot Clock counts down below 5,
then it will force you to take your move. At 6 seconds, quickly pass to
your teammate if he's open, or if you are, take a shot. Even if you
miss, you get better a better shot at rebounding, then you can get the
ball, pass back to the man in backcourt, and milk the clock again. 
BEWARE:  If you have a large lead in the fourth quater, and computer
assistance is on, you could lose do to the computer™s rampant cheating.
 
HE'S ON FIRE!: When a character makes three consecutive shots in a row,
he is said to be "on fire". After that, all his future shots will stand
a much more improved chance of entering the basket, although I have seen
some miss while on fire. You can really open up a lead when on fire by
launching three after three. You will stay "on fire" until the other
team makes a shot go in their basket.
 
When you're on fire, to stay on fire.  You do this by not letting the
other team make a hoop through the basket.  You can do this by
goaltending.  This also works if you're "heating up", i. e. you've made
two shots in a row and need a third to go on fire.  However, I would not
goaltend all day, but only if you need just one more basket to go on
fire.  It is better to try for a rebound than to let the computer have
an automatic basket everytime down.

When you're on fire, you have the advantage of unlimited turbo power,
even if you're the kind of player that holds down turbo during a game. 
You don't stay on fire forever, you lose it after a period of time. A
rather long time, it seems, usually 30 points or so, but you do lose it.

------------------------------------------------------------------------
Special Thanks:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Marty Chinn..........................................vidsourc@netcom.com
Andy Eddy............................................vidgames@netcom.com
------------------------------------------------------------------------
Extra Special Thanks:
------------------------------------------------------------------------
These two guys wrote the first NBA JAM FAQ (for the original arcade
version).  Part of info on the •Milk the Clock¢ and •He™s on Fire!¢
sections came from that FAQ. To this day it remains the most informative
and interesting FAQ available. 

              -=Randolph S. Vance & William G. Henderson=-
