 
 
 
 
 
               ||||||    ||||||                           |||||||| 
                 ||        ||                            ||      || 
                 ||        ||                            ||      || 
                 ||        ||   ||     ||||||  |||||     |||||||||| 
                 ||        ||   ||       ||    ||  ||    ||      || 
                  ||      ||    ||       ||    |||||     ||      || 
                   ||||||||     ||||||   ||    ||  ||  ||||||  |||||| 
 
                Underground Legion of Terroristic Research Activists 
 
                   Sinister X  ---  Agent Cyclone  ---  Drug Lord 
 
 
 
 
Fag Bashing 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Agent Cyclone                         -------- 
                                     ---------- 
                                      -------- 
                                       ----- 
                                        --- 
                                         - 
I. Introduction  
 
Pretty cool design eh? You don't like it? Ah, fuck you. Anyways, you can see the 
topic above: FAG BASHING. That's right, it is tooooo much fun. Why should we 
put up with all of those AIDS carrying, butt-pirating, boy-molesting, queers? 
They are abnormal. That is why if you want to, you should go out and beat the 
hell out of any fag you can find. These sickos have given us AIDS and other 
social problems. Now the queer boyz demand special rights because of their 
abnormal sexual orientation. I don't think so. If you haven't been living in a 
goddamned cave for the last few years, you know that such groups as ACT-Up and 
Queer Nation have been terrorizing Catholic Church services and straight people 
in general. Why should we have to put up with this shit? Hell, they aren't 
normal! The parts of their bodies they use in sexual activity were not made to 
go together. Assholes are for exit only. I don't care what anyone tells me, 
any male who likes to have a guys dick shoved up their ass can't be normal. And 
it is because of the rump-rangers that AIDS are now killing small infants in 
hospitals. True, heterosexuals carry AIDS too, but, if it had not been for the 
butt-lovers of the U.S.A., we would not be facing this disease today. So why 
put up with these people? There is no reason why we should. I feel that fags 
should have no rights in our society. If you notice, the media, which has a 
liberal bias, is trying to convince the American people that the homosexual 
lifestyle is a NORMAL one. Yeah right! So what should you do about it? Listed 
below are a few ideas. 
 
II. What to Do 
 
The first procedure is to find out where they are. This is pretty easy, 
especially if you live in San Francisco or Key West. Hell, those two cities are 
so infested, you want to puke whenever you go there. Anyway, most big cities 
have a fag-bar or two, sometimes more. This is where the fun starts. Once you 
discover this hang-out (doesn't have to be a bar, very often they go to public 
parks etc.) abuse it as best you can. This can go from simple name-calling as 
you go by, to egging or whatever. The best thing to do, is bomb the fucking 
joint. Destroy it so homo-Joe has no place to meet up with Antoine and Ramone. 
 
 
Another thing to do is single them out. If you are in school, this isn't to 
hard. Find out who's a fag, get a bunch of your buddies together, walk up behind 
the fag, and spit all over his back. He will probably get mad and turn around. 
When he does, tell him that you all had orgasms and jizzed all over his back. 
Tell him that you can't help it. If this approach doesn't work for you, then 
just beat the hell out of him. What can he do? Cry, and maybe even slap you. 
"Sthop it, you bulliesth". Poor fag. You are limited only by your imagination. 
 
One of the most evil things you can to a fag, takes the most balls. Go to a 
fag-bar, or hang out. Act like a queer. (This works well if you have a friend 
who will help you.) Try and pick some other queers up. Get them in your car and 
tell the lover-boys that you are "Going somewhere special." Stop the car at a 
remote spot. Get out of the car, and beat the hell out of them. Tell them why 
you hate them. Don't stop. When you are done. Tie the faggot up. Then spray 
paint "fag"  all over them. Put them in the trunk of your car. Take them back 
to town and dump 'em off where you think it will have the best effect. You will 
be laughing your ass off the whole time. 
 
These are a few ideas. Off course you can always just plain terrorize them. 
This isn't hard at all. Just look at some ULTRA files if you can't think of 
anything evil to do to them, their house, or their car. It is not hard to 
figure out who they are.  
 
III. Conclusion 
 
Well, that's about it. I have stated my reasoning for this approach above. Plus, 
if you have ever met a fag, you know what they are all about. They lie, cheat, 
and steal more than any other segment of population. They are untrustworthy, 
Hell, they are more permiscuous than any group in society. Don't let anyone lay 
the bullshit line on you that fags are just born that way, that they had no 
choice. Fuck that shit. There has not been a scientific study to date to prove 
that homosexuality is the result of the genes you are born with. Bottom line, 
they are abnormal, so go out and abuse them today! 
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
To all the ULTRA readers: If you like what you are reading, let us know. We 
would love to hear from you. You can drop us a line at any ULTRA distribution 
sites. If you have any ideas for future articles, or have something you want to 
see inserted in an issue, let us know. 
 
Now, if you think what we say is; bigotted, evil, hatred, sick, and wrong, fine 
but the majority love us. I don't give a fucking rat's ass what anyone thinks. 
I am writing whatever I please. If you want to challenge anything we have to 
say, fine. But in the end, you will always be wrong, and I will roast your ass. 
The ULTRA crew doesn't write to please anyone but ourselves. And we are doing a 
pretty damned good job. You don't like it? So fuck you. 
 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
ULTRA DISTRIBUTION CENTERS 
Blitzkrieg (502)/499-8933 
Hall of Injustice (502)/241-9304 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
Disclaimer: This article is for informational purposes only. The author cannot 
be held responsible for actions taken by the reader. 
 
(c) Copyright Agent Cyclone / ULTRA 
    1991 
