

21 / August / 1991           Ultra File #16                by Sinister X



               ||||||    ||||||                           ||||||||
                 ||        ||                            ||      ||
                 ||        ||                            ||      ||
                 ||        ||   ||     ||||||  |||||     ||||||||||
                 ||        ||   ||       ||    ||  ||    ||      ||
                  ||      ||    ||       ||    |||||     ||      ||
                   ||||||||     ||||||   ||    ||  ||  ||||||  ||||||

                Underground Legion of Terroristic Research Activists

                        Sinister X  ---       ---  Drug Lord



                                 Mailboxing

   This is a very interesting idea. It first came to me when one day I had
not brought in the mail. I thought 'what if someone walked up and took all the
mail out of here?'. Then came the very evil idea that that someone could be me
and I could profit by it. Before we go any further let me remind you that
stealing someones mail can get you in A LOT of trouble. Opening a mailbox is a
felony opening ten mailboxes is ten felonys. Each piece if mail is a felony
offense (Yes, even junk mail). The government really frowns upon stealing mail
and WILL prosocute you to the fullest extent of the law! Whew! No that the
little lecture is over lets get down to stealing mail.

   When you decide that you NEED to steal mail the first thing you need to do
is decide where you are going to go and steal mail from. I personally
recommend a nice rural area with dark mailboxes. Stay away from newer
developments and large apartment complexes just for ease of access to the
peoples mail since apts and new homes have "group" mailboxes. Another very
good type of place to hit is mobile homes, they have group mailboxes in the
sense that all the mailboxes are together, but they are usually like the
mailboxes that you find in front of someones house.

    When to steal mail: Well there are two times that I recommend. The first
is right after the mail person delivers. You end up getting most of the mail
in a neighborhood, but the chances of getting caught peeking into someones
mailbox are tremendous. The next time is night usually from about 12:00
through 4:00 on weeknights and 2:00 through 5:00 on the weekends; this will be
the best time to go and not get seen. The best time of year to head out and
open some mailboxes woudl probably be memorial day or really just about any
other time of year that people head out of town, but the mailman still
delivers. Suprisingly enough I would say that on a regular weeknight that
anywhere from 5-10% of the mailboxes you will check will have mail in it.

    How to steal mail is all up to you. Some methods that have been devised by
myself are have two people, one person drives and the other opens mailboxes.
For you loner types you can either hoof it or try using a mountain bike. On a
mountain bike you are probably the most supicious since you just about HAVE
tos top and look through someones mailbox. In a car you can pretty much cover
a lot of area and reach into mailboxes very non-chalant. Also when on foot you
can open a mail box just when walking by and not look suspicious at all. The
safest way is on foot for ease of escape, with bike next, and the car is the
biggest loser since if they have your license plate they have you!

    If you are asking why would I want steal mail you are not a very creative
person. The first and by far the MOST obvious thought of reason is for good
ol' green that can found in "juniors" b-day card, this is very unrealistic
since you have to remeber when you were a kid you ALWAYS checked the mailbox a
good month before your birthday. Though when graduation of high schoolers hits
you may want to go check some boxes. Now the next thing on the list is credit
cards! You know they send you your card in the mail, unsigned, sometimes with
access to cash advance machines. To find a visa would be like finding cash.
Also checks come in the mail... no blank checks like the ones the banks send
you. Be creative you can find some great ways to pass off blank checks! (Try
the pizza guy use something like "My card number and drivers license number
are allready on the check I also included your tip." remember the tip they
will forget about checking anything, which they rarely do anyway. Also try
garage sales... or the want ads your selection of stuff is endless!). Free
samples are another plus of mailboxing, rememeber when you get your free Oreo
cookies so does everyone else! I could ramble off quite a list of whats out
there, but hey find out for yourself!

    Well there is much more to mailboxing, but this is only meant to plant an
evil seed in your mind. The type of idea that will rot away at your head until
one day our desperation you will find it very usefull. Just remember that you
are playing with felonys. You know the consequences of your actions, make sure
it is worth it!

        Call these Ultra Systems for the latest Ultra releases.

502.491-5198  Blitzkrieg II        (Ultra World Headquarters - Release Point)

502.499-8933  Blitzkrieg           (Distribution Site #1)
413.773-7676  Labotomies 'R' Us    (Distribution Site #2)
914.425-8627  Land Fill BBS        (Distribution Site #3)
707.451-2835  Spatula City BBS     (Distribution Site #4)

If you would like your bbs to be a distribution site please contact one of the
Ultra members on our UWHQ. If you want to distribute Ultra or become a member
you can find out more by calling Blitzkrieg II. Also we have had quite a few
people say they wanted in the group. When we see a file worth releasing then
you are in. I would also like to inform everyone that Agent Cyclone has not
been seen or heard from since May. He is no longer in the group currently, but
if he happens to show up again he will be reinstated...

(c) copyright 1991 by Ultra & Sinister X


Downloaded From P-80 International Information Systems 304-744-2253 12yrs+
