 
 
 
 
 
               ||||||    ||||||                           |||||||| 
                 ||        ||                            ||      || 
                 ||        ||                            ||      || 
                 ||        ||   ||     ||||||  |||||     |||||||||| 
                 ||        ||   ||       ||    ||  ||    ||      || 
                  ||      ||    ||       ||    |||||     ||      || 
                   ||||||||     ||||||   ||    ||  ||  ||||||  |||||| 
 
                Underground Legion of Terroristic Research Activists 
 
                   Sinister X  ---  Agent Cyclone  ---  Drug Lord 
 
 
 
 
Child Molestation 
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
Agent Cyclone 
 
I. Explanation 
 
Since ULTRA#10 elicited such a response, I thought I would do a file on a 
related topic. Child molestation has been quite a newsworthy issue in the last 
ten years. This is a topic in which people keep hidden for years, if not their 
entire lives. This is one of the most gruesome and "sick" acts an adult can 
inflict upon a child (according to the media). While this is not for everyone, 
some may see this as a tool of power they can use over others. Finally, I know 
most of you would never consider this, neither would I, but for the evil people 
in the world, this one's for you. 
 
II. Method 
 
One of the best ways to get an oppurtunity is to gain the trust of a child. 
There are several ways in which you can do this and I don't have time, and I 
don't care how you do this. It is easy, and if you have a brain in your head, 
you can figure it out for yourself. Although, one of the easiest methods is to 
be a babysitter. That way the kid is there, and should be willing to do whatever 
you say. Another way is to just kidnap some kiddy right off the streets. It is 
very easy, and with the parents at work until 6:00, the oppurtunities are 
endless. 
 
III. Why? 
 
So if you aren't convinced yet, here are some reasons for doing this. First, 
this is an easy outlet for your frustrations. You can rape or beat the hell out 
of a kid, and let it all out. Do you think some 12 year old is going to put up 
much of a fight if any? Of course not. Another thing about it is, you have 
fucked someone up for the rest of their life. The psychological scars you have 
left will never be erased. The next thing you know, your victim is in a 
pschiatric care center for a half dozen years and never gets married. Finally, 
one of the biggest plusses is the victim rarely ever turns you in. Like rape, 
they are so afraid of you (especially if you beat the hell out of them) that 
they will never turn you in. You can go free. Hell, the victim probably won't 
even think about it, or even mention it to anyone for a good twenty years. 
 
IV. Conclusion 
 
By now, many of you think that ULTRA is toooooo sick. Well, sorry. It is a big 
ol' evil world and we are just a tiny part of it. If you don't like this stuff 
than don't read it. I don't promote rape or child molesting, but if you are 
messed up enough to do it, you might as well do it right. Right? Well anyway, 
if you are getting to like this crew and want to help keep us going, you can 
give us a contact at the boards below. We are always searching for evil 
information and are always on the lookout for new ideas. If you would like to 
see us do something you are interested in, let us now. Also, if you have 
anything you would like to see us research contact us. I hoped you enjoyed this 
issue. 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
So you are wondering, "How can I get in touch with ULTRA?". That's not hard. 
Just contact either of these boards. Both host ULTRA publications. 
 
Blitzkrieg----------------------(502)499-8933 
Hall of Injustice---------------(502)241-9304 
 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
 
(c) Copyright Agent Cyclone / ULTRA 
1991 ULTRA Productions 
