


                       /////////  //      /////
                          //     //      //
                         //     //      /////
                        //     //         //
                       //     //////  /////
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                       The Lawless Society
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                       Issue 8 ?(Who Knows)


         Yes, this is ACTUALLY a textfile from TLS. I know its been a 
while, but its time for a new beginning. If you do not know why TLS 
has not done anything lately (or at all really), it is because we were 
limited in what we could say. One of our chief members decided (and I 
would say it was a good decision) to go legit. With an investment of 
his size, I don't blame him for wanting to keep it if at all possible.

         From now on, the group will no longer have a sole support 
BBS. So, if you don't know us, you won't have a way to get in contact 
with us. Good for us, bad for you. Hopefully these files will be 
distributed through a group of local BBS's and work their way outward.

         The original intent of this group was to discuss topics, that 
most wouldn't because of its "illegality". That is what I and the 
other members plan to do. We tried a net, and it didn't work. Never 
got off the ground large enough. One of the main reasons, was because 
of the scarcity of the average intelligent hacker. Because of the 
feds, they have gone deeper underground. Maybe in the future, if we 
can contact enough of them, the net will again be a reality.

         In our textfiles, we plan to add an ELECTRONIC LAW section 
every once in a while...covering the ACTUAL laws of our world, instead 
of what the rest of the world thinks is law. This is a rough concept 
to report on, but we will try...no garauntees.

         Since we are not finished with the electronic law portion, 
the topic of this file will be "Social Engineering".

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=



         Did you ever see the movie Fletch? Chevy Chase plays the part 
of an overworked and underpaid newspaper reporter. His character, in 
my mind, is one of the best Social Engineers of all time (too bad its 
the movies.) If you don't know what the term Social Engineer is, just 
think about it. Basically it is someone who can change society around 
him to fit his purpose. Social Engineering is a very easily practiced 
skill, but in order to use it to your full advantage, you must make it 
an art form.

         We all have done it before...You want something, someone else 
has it, and you don't want to ask, so you get it by other means. 
Either by trading for it, or making that person like you enough where 
he/she will give it to you.

         Here we will discuss tips and rules to make YOU a better 
social engineer. Lets make up a scenario, shall we? We will then go by 
step by step on how to accomplish a goal which seems impossible.

         Whenever we hit a crucial discussion, I will stop, and 
explain a rule. At the end, you will get a list of them to use on your 
own.


SCENARIO : A trusted friend screws you over royally, and is
           stabbing you in the back with others.

     Well, first thing to do is make sure you are positive that this 
friend is doing it....for this scenario we will call him Mac. Do not 
take peoples words for ANYTHING unless you a positive that they are 
trustworthy. Ask for proof. Once you are reasonably sure that this is 
a fact instead of a rumor, you will no doubt be flooded with anger and 
foolish plots of physical revenge. Physical revenge in not only too 
risky, but is a foolish way to handle the situation. If you try to 
beat the shit out of someone there is always a chance of you getting 
the shit beat out of yourself.

     Step one: Educate yourself.

         Find out all you can about your new opponent. The more 
information, the better a job can be handled. Ask people you trust 
about this person.

  RULE : Never take trust for granted, or assume you can trust
         someone.

         Find out addresses, telephone numbers, accomplices, friends 
of him/her, workplaces, hobbies, family members names. Next, pay a 
visit. Just get an understanding of what this person lives like. Do 
not make yourself obvious.

    RULE : Never leave yourself or identity out in the open.
           NEVER give anyone the opportunity to catch you.

         Park down the street, and observe the house for a while. Get 
to know their habbits.

     Step two: Make a plot.

         Truly think about how you will seek revenge.

     RULE : Never go out half cocked or uneducated. Rash
             or hurried decisions always fail.

     Make a plan fitting for your punishment towards this person. 
Remember, FEAR is ones greatest weapon.

      RULE : Never forget, Fear is the greatest weapon. Making          
             a person live a life of fear is better than any
             form of physical harm.

      If you plan something other than fear, use the tips listed below 
to accomplish your goals.


     Step 3: Begin your plot.

         Remember, people (all) are very judgmental on appearance...
if you look like the gas man, you probably are. If you look like a 
fellow employee, you probably are, and if you look like someone who 
wants to get information, you probably are. Appearance can change 
easily, but always remember there are 5 senses to worry about. Smell 
is not too important obviously and neither is touch, but there is 
sight (covered by changing appearance) and sound to worry about. If 
you can, practice a different dialect or accent. Do not make it too 
outlandish, for this can also give yourself away.

         Work is a great place to find out about people...A hat that 
says "Zippies Courier Service" on it will do the trick to get you 
inside. Dress as others that you wish to interrogate. Know what you 
will be talking about. For instance, if you are going to visit an 
advertising agency, make sure you know a bit about the advertising 
industry. At least know the terminology. Always (of course) use a fake 
name.

         When you meet someone there that you wish to interrogate, do 
not be too pushy. Don't make it obvious you are there to find 
information. For instance, go to Macs place of work, and look for him. 
If you do not know who he is, find a lower employee to introduce you 
to him. Say you are expected. Usually there is no hassle at this 
point. If you get interrogated back, it is very easy to say you are a 
salesman. People assume you are there to sell something. This way, if 
you believe someone is onto you, say you are selling widgets, and they 
will simply ask you to leave, instead of telling Mac you were there.

         Ask someone on their way to lunch, who this person is. No one 
going to lunch wants to get involved with anything, and you will 
probably be told (rather quickly) were to find him. Do not just take 
your opponents word for it. If they say they are a computer operator, 
do not assume they are....they could simply be a janitor with an ego.

     Step 5: Use your information.

         Simply by telling your opponent what is in their house, where 
they live, what and where they work, what they drive, and where their 
children go to school, you can strike fear into most mortal people. 
Remember, if you plan to call this person, never do it from your 
house, and never do it in your voice. If at all possible use someone 
else to make the call. Then by using inuendoes, you can make them fear 
you more....like calling up and saying "Hi, is Mac there? Oh good. I 
don't like you very much. I do however like your car...be careful 
driving to work tomorrow at <place of work>." inuendoes are great 
because they get a point across, and leave so much room for 
imagination. Ones own imagination can be their downfall.

     Step five: Wrap the game up.

         Make sure that this person knows you are serious, and will 
never take you for granted again. Sometime around now, they will wish 
they never played with you, and will be trying to kiss and make up. 
Never blame yourself for anything that they have done to you. It is 
very easy for someone to reverse the blame. Do not let this happen to 
you. Afterwards, accept their apology (if it suits you) and make sure 
that they know there will no longer be hostilities. If you play a game 
too long, you will always screw up, and end up losing.



      Here are a few Hints to help you out.

1: A silkscreener is your friend. A Gas Co. T-shirt or a phone company  
   hat is a very good way to gain trust quickly.
2: When talking to someone first talk about something they like. Then   
   SLOWLY work the conversation into what you want it to be.
3: Make sure you are knowledgeable about any topic which may come up    
   in conversation.
4: Salespeople are the best to disguise as if you get caught. Everyone  
   hates salespeople, but knows they are just doing their jobs. They    
   will most likely just dismiss you instead of asking further          
   questions.
5: Stationary is the best to convince someone your character is real.   
   Gasmen usually have a clipboard and several invoices on it.
6: Never do anything illegal until step 4. By that time, it is too
   late for any police to set you up to catch you.
7: Get to know a friend of your opponent. People trust friends too      
   much. If you are introduced to them by a friend, they will trust
   you too. "A friend of <so and so> is a friend of mine!"
8: Do not tell anyone what you are doing....if they ask, make           
   something else up. That way, your opponent will not be weary of you  
   if someone tells them.


         Here are the 12 rules for a social engineer.

         1.) Never let anger cloud judgment. Never let anger control 
you. Control anger, and change it into ingenuity.

         2.) Always make yourself believable. Never assume you are 
better at being a rouge than you are. Always support your character 
with clothing and other pieces of evidence.

         3.) Always find out the most about your opponent as you can 
without letting on to anyone your plan. The more educated you are, the 
better the plan will work and the more options you have.

         4.) If caught, say your a salesperson.

         5.) Never use your home address to call your opponent. It is 
very easy for them to recognize a number on caller ID or ask the 
operator.

         6.) If you cant find any information, use a business as a 
cover. If a number is unlisted, say you are from "PJ's appliance in 
Toms River NJ" and that the person you need a number for is being 
brought up on Theft of Services charges, and you need to find their 
real number of residence. When court is involved, many operators open 
up to you. I have done this before and it works.

         7.) Never leave any evidence behind. Not only evidence that 
will get you caught, but all evidence. You don't want this person 
knowing you are researching them.

         8.) Never underestimate your opponent. They may be on to you, 
or might be doing the same thing to you. Be careful.

         9.) Never surrender information to anyone about what you are 
doing.

         10.) Know when to quit. A game that lasts too long is sure to 
end in a loss.

         11.) Fear is ones greatest weapon.

         12.) Never make the same mistake twice.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

         Well, use my experiences to your advantage. Learn. Practice. 
It takes time to become efficient with it. And always have fun, being 
nasty.
                                  - Powerslave





                       /////////  //      /////
                          //     //      //
                         //     //      /////
                        //     //         //
                       //     //////  /////
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                       The Lawless Society
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                             9/6/92
