                               //////  //      //////
                                //    //      //
                               //    //      //////
                              //    //          //
                             //    //////  //////
                            -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                             The Lawles Society
                            -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                                 Issue #11
                                  12/1/92

                            =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                             The Fallout of #10
                            -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


         As expected, I caught hell for TLS10.TXT . Yes, even I must admit,
the ansi header was quiet nasty, so back to the original. Anyway, I caught
hell  from the people I expected, but I also caught it from those I didn't
expect it  from. This will be an ANSWER to the questions that have popped
up. Some to show  the rest of society things that should have been said,
things that shouldn't  have, and things that should have been said
differently. It is also to express  my SOLE feelings on the matters that
have transpired in the day since its  release. Maybe the rest of society
will change their opinions after this. Am I  the fool that has crushed the
innocent people? Maybe....You decide.

         To start off, I would like to apologize to the aforementioned
sysop of   TextLand. He took some minor offense to some of the things
mentioned, we  discussed them, and I hope we cleared alot of things up. I
should have made it  more clear that TextLand and its files are to no way
be considered equal to the  actions or considered involved with the term I
loosley used - DERF FILE.  TextLand has much more to offer, and in
actuality DERF is of the smallest  involvement in TextLand. I think I said
something like "One of the activities  of TextLand is the DERF FILE". I
should have made it more clear how small of a  part that DERF actually is
to TextLand. I am also friends with this person, and  in all honesty, I
should have expressed my thought on it in person long ago (as  should the
rest of this group-every single one of us) but didn't. I do not know  what
stopped me, or the rest of us, from doing so. The sysop of TextLand really
has NO INVOLVEMENT with other peoples activities, and I think I was trying
to  keep him uninvolved in it (although to make people understand why I did
this,it  was needed to tell some sort of history). I have been told, and
agree I went  about it wrong in his case. I am sorry.

         To "Veg"- In all honesty, I do not understand why you are angry
with  me. EVERYTHING I said, has been said publically by many others, on a
lot of  occaisions, to which you did nothing but laugh it off. Why you
chose this file  to single out, I don't know. You and 12 O'Clock think of
me as a hypocrit. Why  I do not know. Yes, I stated in the 10 that I agree
with SELECTIVE AUTHORS  JUDGEMENT. That in no way means total censorship.
You think me as a Hypocrit  for releasing an un-associated file called the
Zac Chat. I do not understand  why you think me hypocratic, because you are
the one who pestered me until I  released it. The Zac chat involved
embarrasing things people did not mean to  become public, so I did censor
some parts I felt appropriate. This is  different. This is something that
has bothered many people for a long time. No  one did a thing about it
until the day that I and Subroc stated our feelings on  the abuse issue.
After I did, I was given the attitude that I am silly, too  hard on them,
too serious, and I was even whispered "You must be Sexually  frustrated."
So, in the abuse case, all knew my stance on it, and no one chose  to
listen. I am not going to sit by, and watch a friend of mine's great system
 be wasted, or ruined. You were to be no way associated with the Sheep, but
you  have exploded several times on ChatLand. Even a friend of yours said
"[Veg]  should be monitored, to make sure he doesn't blow up again!" or
something not  in those exact words. I accept what you do perfectly well
until it starts  hurting me or my friends. You forced me to release the Zac
Chat, and now you  say what I said is inappropriate? Who's the hypocrit? I
am not sure you are  pissed at that, I must assume though since you refuse
to talk to me about it.

         To "12 O'Clock" - You said this night sarchasticly (sp) that You
were  the sheep herder. I did not intend it to be taken that way. I meant
it to be  taken as the following.....A smart, nice person, who helps people
learn things  they desire and that I think you don't realize what these
people are making you  look like and how much damage they are doing to
ChatLand. You also stated you  thought I was a hypocrit. As I said, your
beliefs are fine. I accept them  perfectly well. As for you reading things
into the file that were not intended,  that was not my intention and
whatever you think becsue of things not  expressed, is not my fault. I
meant to actually compliment you, but obviously  it has been taken
differently. I apologize.


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-*
        Thats the end of the apologies people. Now, for the good stuff.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-*

         I have noticed that since the release of this file dozens of
people no  longer backing me. Essentially, they felt the pressure, and
backed out, and  jumped on the "Bash Powerslave" bandwagon. Even 2 VERY
CLOSE FRIENDS. Yes, I  was the sole writer of TLS10, but it has been
discussed for many months with  other people. Many other people. The
information in it is not heresay, or  half-truths.....it is 100% true. Keep
in mind, some of the judgement things are  my opinions only. I refuse to
speak for others, but there were at least 30  people on ChatLand
encouraging me to write this, and expressing their anger to  it. Now, I can
only find 1. To those people (You ALL know who you are) you will  not have
my trust again. Fuck me once, Shame on you. Fuck me twice, Shame on  me.
You people are cowards, and have no backbone whatsoever. To my 2 close
friends that abandoned me, I will act like nothing happened until you come
to  me. One I know will not. I know them to well, one will and I am
waiting. Some  have told me that it was the way I wrote it. Maybe it is.
Let the rest be the  judge of that. But the content could not be more
accurate.


         I had a discussion with the one I callsigned "Roach". At first he
denied everything that was mentioned. When I made it clear I have proof,
and  witnesses, he admitted to a few of them. To this day he refuses to
admit  everything, and every sentence says something like "So now everyone
hates me.  Whoa...big deal. I dont care. You believe what you want to
believe.". As I  told this person, I do not hate him. I think he has a lot
to learn before he  can criticize (sp) anyone. He kept saying that what I
mentioned was all in the  past. As I said in the file, he has been good
recently (The last few weeks),  and he even tried to be helpful to a bad
situation.......ONCE. To him-I  apologize for HOW I said things, not WHAT I
said. Basically to all 3 of the  sheep mentioned. There are at least 2 more
that I did not mention. DO not  believe this is the only 3. There are 3
more on the border of sheepdom also.  Unfortunately, the bash powerslave
movement might have quickened their pace to  become sheep. Hopefully not.
If they do, the file backfired.

         I have not talked to Einstein or Caidoz yet. I can assume what
they  will do. I will not say anything until they actually talk to me, but
for Roach  and the other 2- You continually deny being abusive to others.
There is no  doubt in mine or anyone elses mind that you are. At least fess
up to that. I  agree, the personal attacks should have been left out, but
everyone wanted them  left in. As many abovely mentioned - I did as the
people wanted.

         To Einstein specifically - I GREATLY apologize for the FLAG FILE
comment. That was an opinion, and not all agree. In fact, many people liked
it.  What you do is good (when it comes to writing things like that) and I
am afraid  I took yours and the rest of the sheeps other actions in mind
when I wrote it.  I am sorry for a very bad example of a personal attack.
Keep writing. Now think  how the new users felt when they were verbally
assaulted for asking questions  you guys dubbed as moronic. Don't you guys
remember being new? You must, it was  only months ago. You guys are barely
out of your modem diapers yet. I shall  think how others will feel (before
I say or write something like this again) if  you guys agree to.

         It has proven to me that you people will not let me be like you.
You  people find what I did atrocious. You made fun of people that you
didn't like,  or people you claimed as "Morons". All I did was do the same
things to people  who hurt others, and degrated many. Who is calling the
kettle black?


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-*

         I hope the people reading this think on what I said for awile, and
not  do what they did with TLS10; Bash Powerslave to make us feel better.
That is  the truth, because what I said was honesty, and all mentioned know
it. I am  sorry this cannot be handled more maturely. Granted, I did not
help much by  writing it the WAY I did, but all you did is make it worse.
You people seem to  forget I tried to get you to understand the affects of
your actions, but you  refused, and thought me as stupid. You can think
what you like. I know better  and so do the people. Even the ones who
changed their minds about the whole  thing because they feared what "Other
people would think". They know the  truth, and they will have the sleepness
nights....not me.

         To Sysop of TextLand, 12 O'Clock, and Veg - I hope you accept my
apology, and understand where I was and am coming from. If not, I hope you
simply accept it as my opinion, and not as a personal attack.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-*

         To people who have NO IDEA what this is about-

               I am sorry this is another locally based TLS file. Hopefully
 there will be no more of these, but I had to reach these people somehow.
What I  post or say in public is never heard. The only way to get to them
is through  TextFiles (and boy did it). Lesson to be learned-always think
about what you  say. Honesty can come back and haunt you no matter how
honest you are. Never  take people for granted. Never trust acquaintences
to back you up when the shit  hits the fan, cause they will be gone. Say
what the public wants, and not what  you feel. This may be my last TLS
Textfile. We will see how things progress in  the next few weeks. If it
is.....I can't say it's been a blast, but at least  its been something.
Even someone doing this for close to 11 years can learn.  Unfortunately the
hard way.




                                   Bah Hindu, LlamaToes and all the rest!




                            //////  //      //////
                             //    //      //
                            //    //      //////
                           //    //          //
                          //    //////  //////
                         -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                          The Lawless Society
                         -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                                                -Powerslave

