


                       /////////  //      /////
                          //     //      //
                         //     //      /////
                        //     //         //
                       //     //////  /////
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                       The Lawless Society
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                            Issue 9

             DERFISM : What is it, and who are they?


         Well, it seems that this file will be fitting for the local 
area. This is not a H/P file, but intended for the users local to this 
area. I have noticed many people advancing themselves to the rank of 
"Derf 'o da week" INCLUDING myself. Most of the time, this is done all 
out of fun, but for the newcomers to the BBS world "derf 'o da week" 
is a strange and unfamiliar concept to grasp. Also, the new people do 
not know who the former "Derfs" are/were. This file will basically be 
a compilation of "Derfs" and what they did to achieve this level of 
idiocy.

         Lets start out with a BASIC explantion of the term "Derf". 
The involved story is too long and has been repeated too many times, 
for me to waste space telling it....AGAIN. Basically, to become a 
derf, one must do something (or several things) that are beyond 
stupidity or ignorance. Because you are new, does not automatically 
qualify you as a DERF, although you may be looked upon as one by a few 
who are not very patient with new people. Most of the time DERF refers 
to one who "Just didn't think". It is a term used to kid someone when 
they say something truly moronic (all eventually do). But to achieve 
the level of "Derf o' da week" takes a SPECIAL kind of stupid. 
Sometimes DODW (derf o' da week) is just a joke, and sometimes it is a 
sort of BLACKLIST. Depends of what the derf has done to become DODW.

         Well, lets start off EARLY in 1992....we will start the year 
'o derfs off right.

January 1st - Massimo Yezzi    aka. Blackstar

         Well, Massimo was promoted to Derf o' da week for the          
     following reasons.
              1) Assumes because of a friends (away on vacation)
                 BBS goes down, he decides to take the FEDWATCH '91
                 Rumors to the fullest extent by telling all he knows
                 that The Flight Line BBS has been raided by the FEDS
                 and the sysop has "Turned States Evidence" and has
                 turned all the locals in. Of course that wasn't true,
                 but that's the story.
              2) When his "Girlfriend" starts playing mindgames with    
                 him, he blames all of his friends (other BBS Users)    
                 for it, saying they have "Stabbed him in the back"
                 Eventually everything that he did, he blamed on her,
                 and she did admit to playing with his head, but he
                 still deserves derfhood for blaming us in the first
                 place.
              3) Generally being an idiot in general.

     Derf Rating - ****


January 7th - Blade Runner   aka. Ulycees
              1) Defending Massimo, Pissing the decent people off       
                 and abandoning all reason to defend his "Friend"
              2) Then, kissing ass to get back in with the "Decent"
                 crowd.

     Derf Rating - **


Well, things were quiet for a while until

June 17th - Powerslave (Yes me)
              1) For going all out NUTS on someone using a fake         
                 account. Yes, I flipped my lid as I usually do, and    
                 yes, I made a TOTAL ass of myself.
              2) For doing the same thing AGAIN to the SAME person      
                 using another FAKE account as a Racist. Yeah, I did    
                 it again. Silly me.

     Derf Rating - Make your own decision.


August 21st - George Walpen   aka. Zac
              1) First, for getting pissed because someone tried
                 modem sex with one of his daughters. You will
                 see what I mean in a second.
              2) For doing the same thing, to other young women, that
                 he got so pissed at in the beginning. Yeah, he tried
                 phone and modem sex with at least 3 other young
                 females.
              3) Didn't realize anyone was on to him. A few people
                 decided to capture some of his chats. He denied them
                 all to hell, but when I brought him into chat, he
                 admitted it all (assuming I wasn't capturing his
                 confession.) Well, I did<g>.

     Derf Rating - ***


September 14th - Dennis Foley  aka. XCaliber, MadamX, and more.
              1) For doing the same as Zac (number 2 above).
              2) For being TOTALLY illiterate on all other BBSs and
                 for using MORONIC terms like "succoc" for Subroc, and
                 other stupid sentences like "slav learn to typ e. and
                 while you at it get m yslippers". I still havent
                 figured that one out yet.
              3) For telling everyone he will kick their ass until
                 they take him up on his offer to "play". Then he
                 backs out. And has the gaul to call US immature. I'm
                 not the most mature minded person, but I am far from
                 Mr. Foley.
              4) Using his Wife's account, and announcing it to the
                 entire board. Assuming he was not on thin ice to
                 begin with.
              5) For telling the "Old Time BBS users" they don't know
                 what a real BBS is like. Most of the people he said
                 this to have from 4 to 11 years experience calling
                 BBS's.

     Derf Rating - ***** Yes, a perfect Derf...5 stars even.


September 19th - Blade Runner  aka. Ulycees
         Yea, he made it again.
              1) Being working, and not being able to afford $5 a
                 month access fee for a 16 line Chat system, he takes
                 an ANSI contest (with free access as prizes) and
                 rips several 1.5 year old Ansi screen made by an ansi
                 expert (Plasma) and changes it to say he made it.
              2) He then tells all to vote for him since he refuses to  
                 pay for a subscription. Yeah, the screen was good,
                 but it wasn't his to begin with.
              3) Then bitches because the people that saw the screens
                 get pissed about it. He then calls all of these
                 people backstabbers (After he Loves Massimo, He Hates
                 Massimo, He loves Mass again, He hates him again, and
                 right about now he loves him again.) Well, he didn't
                 win 1st prize. He's lucky they counted to begin with.

     Derf Rating this time - **


Entire Month of September - Angel Baby  aka. Derfs Wife

              1) Yes, the wife of the original derf has entered the
                 ranks of her beloved hubby. She gets this for being
                 ALL AROUND IGNORANT. Get the TANJ files to learn
                 more about it. I don't wanna go into it here. It will
                 waste so much space<g>.

     Derf Rating - ****


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-==-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


         So, now some of you know what "Derf o' da week" actually is. 
Of course some of the people above are not BAD people. That is the 
reason I put the events leading into their derfhood in here. You make 
you own decision.

          There are a list of many others, but these are the top of 
the derf list. Poseidon is one of the DERFS not mentioned here, and a 
few others have been either left out because of boredom or they have 
been forgotten. Remember, this is 1992's Derf list ONLY. 1991 was a 
big year for derfs, but most reading this were not around then anyway.

         So, next time someone calls you Derf, consider yourself 
lucky, and DON'T assume they are out to get you.


                                  - Powerslave





                       /////////  //      /////
                          //     //      //
                         //     //      /////
                        //     //         //
                       //     //////  /////
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                       The Lawless Society
                      -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                             9/28/92
