                               ////// //     //////
                                //   //     //
                               //   //     //////
                              //   //         //
                             //   ////// //////
                            =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                            The Lawless Society
                            =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                  Welcome To The Lawless Society. Issue #16.



    Welcome to Issue 16.  The following file is a slightly modifed version of
the bill of rights.  It's written by John Perry Barlow, Co-Founder of The 
Electronic Frontier Foundation.  It's a bit amusing but quite a bit of it 
rings true.  Enjoy...


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                             Bill O' Rights Light
                                      By
                              John Perry Barlow
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


    During the past two decades, the first ten ammendments to the Constitution 
have been quietly revised by the state and federal judiciary, sparing us the 
untidy political melee of a constitutional convention.  The new Bill of 
Rights, based on current case law, might look something like this:

                                 Ammendment I

    Congress shall encourage the practice of Judeo-Christian religion by its 
own public exercise therof, and shall make no laws abridging the freedom of 
responsible (unless such speech is in a digital form or contains material that 
is copyrighted, classified, proprietary or offensive to non-Europeans, 
non-males, differently abled or alternativle preferenced persons), or the 
right of the people peaceably to assemble (unless such assembly takes place on 
corporate or millitary property or within an electronic environment), or to 
petition the government for redress of grievances (unless such grievances
relate to national security).

                                Ammendment II

    A well-regulated militia having become irrelevant to the security of a
free state, the right of the people to keep and bear arms against another 
shall remain uninfringed (excepting such arms as may be afforded by the poor 
or those preferred by pushers, terrorists and organized criminals, which shall 
be banned).

                                Ammendment III

    No soldier shall, in any time of peace, be quartered in any house without 
the owner's consent, unless that house is thought to have been used for the 
distribution of illegal substances.

                                Ammendment IV

    The right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers and 
effects against unreasonable searches and seizures may be suspended to protect
public welfare.  Upon the unsupported suspicion of law enforcement officials, 
any place or conveyance shall be subject to immediate search, and any such 
places or conveyances, or property within them, may be permanently confiscated 
without further judicial proceeding.

                                 Ammendment V

    Any person may be held to answer to a capital or otherwise infamous crime 
involving illicit substances, terrorism or upon any suspicion whatever, and 
may be subject for the same offense to be twice put in jeopardy of life or 
limb (once by the state courts and again by the federal judiciary), and may be 
compelled by various means (including the forced submission of breath samples, 
bodily fluids or encryption keys) to be a witness against himself, refusal to 
do so constituting an admission of guilt, and may be deprived of life, liberty 
or property without further legal delay, and any private property thereby 
forfeited shall be dedicated to the discretionary use of law enforcement 
agents without just compensation.

                                Ammendment VI

    In all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right to speedy 
and private plea-bargaining before entering a plea of guilty.  The accused is 
entitled to the assistance of underpaid and indifferent counsel to negotiate 
his sentence, except where such sentence falls under mandatory sentencing 
requirements.

                                Ammendment VII

    In suits at common law, where the contesting parties have nearly unlimited 
resources to spend on legal fees, the right of a trial by jury shall be 
preserved.

                               Ammendment VIII

    Sufficient bail may be required to ensure that dangerous criminals will 
remain in custody, where cruel and unusual punishments are usually inflicted.

                                Ammendment IX

    The enumeration in the Constitution of certain rights shall not be
construed to deny or desparage others that may be retained by the government 
or to preserve public order, family values or national security.

                                 Ammendment X

    The powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution are 
reserved to the departments of justice and treasury, except when the states
are willing to forsake federal financing.


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

    And there ya have it.  I rather like it myself.
    Once again I'd like to make a small note that I'm looking for outside
contributions for upcoming TLS files.  If you'd like to write a one-time
article or possibly become a permanent writer for the group please contact me
through numbers listed below or through Internet mail at
<Fuzzball@Cybercom.Com>.  Please feel free to send mail if you have any
comments about the TLS files so far.  For anyone that may need it...The
following mess of garbage is my PGP public key code.  Feel free to encrypt any
messages you may wish so send through the net.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a

mQCNAi1XV4UAAAEEALxBiS9ArxElasdFVhgTfqSkEGebeOGbWdB1ZYrVgvPoxyna
b40fTlqvX8NrQaybGoit06mcppJC5aliS5wfV2PMWRvilgs2OQNVsqOG00pbBo48
4epSmAIYsXNHwlV00gi9cRKie2fyPbj580PWa2uMKBZ/3FLDq/MByQTGwMGJAAUR
tCpGbGFtbWFibGUgRnV6emJhbGwgPEZ1enpiYWxsQEN5YmVyY29tLmNvbT4=
=MKX5
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----


                               ////// //     //////
                                //   //     //
                               //   //     //////
                              //   //         //
                             //   ////// //////
                            =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                            The Lawless Society
                            =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


                                    -Flammable Fuzzball


 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                    Cyber/Chat (50 Lines)   (908)506-0610
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
              Tanstaafl BBS (TANJ Headquarters)   (908)830-TANJ
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                  All Systems Support 1200-14.4k BPS Modems
 -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
