                          //////  //      //////
                           //    //      //
                          //    //      //////
                         //    //          //
                        //    //////  //////
                        ====================
                             ISSUE #001


   Welcome the first issue of "The Lawless Society".   Let me start this off 
by telling you that this issue will be of nothing in particular.  I will 
mearly try to illustrate what will come (hopefully) in the issues to come.

  Basically we hope to make this "newsletter" completely and relentlessly 
revolutionary.  This thing will hopefully turn out to be a guide to new 
hackers who will eventually get a hold of this.  But more importantly it will 
be a method of warning and spreading new tips to the already experienced 
hacker.  Contributions from anyone wishing to contribute are greatly 
encouraged but this doesn't mean we're going to take everything that is 
written for this letter.   

  We also will not be limited to world of computers....But will be focused 
more on using the computer as a tool (and a powerful one at that) to help 
accomplish the end task of a revolution....If not in the government at least 
in the way the government looks at today's generations and our ways of life.
They have come up with more and more ways to try and stop the computer hacker 
from doing what he does but a 13 year old computer geek can still get into the 
pentagon computers.  This in itself proves that our government is nothing more 
than a false sham of misconceptions and lies.  If a kid can break into a 
computer that houses the utmost secrets of our government and jeopardize our 
nation's security then who among us is safe from anything?   Thus....A new age 
begins...Has already begun...to unfold.  If we as a group or as an individual 
have the power to change things in such a drastic way then why the hell 
shouldn't we?  The guy with the best Virus wins, eh?

  The laws of the constitution are nice but in the end most of them are far 
outdated.  Jesus...the last amendment made was at least 25 years ago.  Today's 
culture demands for change.  The drugs have brought themselves out and will be 
here until man is dead.  A government which outlaws some and keeps others 
legal is only helping to keep the organized crime of the nation flourishing.  
By legalization of all drugs the government would get rid of the wealth of 
money that is to be made by trafficking it illegally.  This in turn would stop 
the mindless killings which would serve to take the thrill out of it and thus 
almost eliminate the "drug war".  Gangs would not be killing each other in the 
street for something that anyone can go and buy at the corner "drug store".

  We have in our hands the power to do far more than we are doing!  For 
everyone of the idiots that will read this and have no understanding of the 
real world of the hacker there are still  more who do know how to get into the 
government systems and such.  The key us unity!  Strength in numbers.  The 
difference we hope to make here is in the hacking or cracking group itself.  
What he have now is everything we need yet it is what keeps us from 
succeeding.  We have several nationwide groups that do nothing but try to 
outdo each other.  What we need to do is get together and try to outdo the one 
force that has always won....the government that we created!  Sure....There 
have been plenty of articles written on even more people who have broken into 
top secret files but where has it gotten us?  Sure we've managed to crack the 
shell, but they have always repaired those little holes and thrown us into 
jail to boot.  We need to get together and create a huge gaping hole that they 
can not patch.  We need to infiltrate them from within...Not sit here on the 
outside and see who can get busted for the biggest crimes against the damn 
phone company.  This is the time for TRUE revolution!  The government is 
constantly and ever more speedily coming up  with new ways to enclose us.  
It's time to break out and throw it back in their fucking faces. 

  We can not allow them to hold us back any farther!  How can they tell us 
that our theft is wrong when that is in fact what this country came from?  
This country was stolen!  And now....It is time to once again steal to get it 
back to where it was...In the hands of the people!  For 2 centuries we have 
relied on voting and asking them to do what we want in order to get our way. 
That's BULLSHIT!  We now have the power to TAKE it all back and that's exactly 
what we're going to do!


  I would now like to bring to your attention an idea conceived of by a 
friend.  
                          The Hacker's Trust Fund
                          =======================

  This idea consists of simply setting up a fund for your fellow hackers.  It 
is suggested that each of the groups, large, small, and too small too 
see...across the country set up donations of about $100 and keep this money 
safely hidden away.  The money will be stored and used if/when (hopefully 
never) a member of your group gets busted for something. (Hopefully you'll get 
nailed for something far less than what you were REALLY doing.)  The money 
should be used to buy this person.....who will undoubtedly have his hardware 
tied up for months by the feds...a new (but basic) system.  Doesn't have to be 
anything special...Just enough to keep all the gears in the engine running.


Basically that should get you familiar with what it is that we want to 
accomplish.  Again...any participation from you in this letter is encouraged.  
For right now just upload anything you got that would help the cause to The 
Syndicate at 908-506-6651   12/24/96/38.4 USR   

This may look like bullshit now....but what did they say to colombus?

Thanks to:

           Hegz
           Tal Meta (For your unknowing inspirations)
                    (We know your innocent!         )
           
           Acid (The drug, not the person)
                (I wrote this while on a )
                (NICE trip.              )

Smoke the smoke!  Take the trips!  

                            ////// //      ///////
                             //   //      //
                            //   //      ///////
                           //   //           //
                          //   //////  ///////
                          ====================
         
                                - Fuzzball

