                            //////  //      //////
                             //    //      //
                            //    //      //////
                           //    //          //
                          //    //////  //////
                          =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                           The Lawless Society
                          =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                                ISSUE #02



 Well here's the second in a hopefully long line of issues from The Lawless 
Society.  This issue will not be as much about computer hacking as it will be 
about scams in general.

  I guess we may as well start out with the basics like ATM's and Credit 
  Cards.  

ATM's
=====

There are quite a few different ideas as to how one can get money out of an 
ATM.  I'm basically going to combine a few of the better methods that I've 
seen and hopefully add a little to it.  I think it's safe to assume that none 
of us are going to go out and outright steal an ATM and take it home. 
(Although this has been done!  One was stolen out of a mall in NY.  As far as 
I know they guy was not caught and made of with 10's of thousands.)  
Anyway...garbage can be the key to many problems.  Some of the banks still 
seem to be numb to the threat that is presented to them by the use of these 
ATM machines.  Receipts found in the trash or on the ground around some 
machines will contain the account holders name.  Since you're probably doing 
this in your local area you  can look up that name in the phone book and call 
the bank telling them you just moved or something and lost your card and would 
like a new one.  Tell them the account holders address as if it was your "old" 
address and tell them you would like a new card sent to the address of your 
choice.  (Please be smart enough not to send it to your own house)  They will 
even ask you if you want a new PIN number so there is no problem with that.  
Another way of getting names and addresses is to look in the dumpsters that 
are usually outside the banks.  Some banks still do not shred everything they 
throw out and you sometimes get a social security number too which helps 
things a bit since you can tell them that number over the phone to make things 
a little more believable.  Now...instead of just going and taking this poor 
saps money be a little creative.  Most banks now have what is call immediate 
withdrawal or "FlashCash".   What this means is that you can put in a check 
and immediately withdraw the amount of the check from the machine without any 
wait.  So....What you do is go down and do a balance inquiry just to make sure 
the card works and then go through the procedure of making a deposit.  When it 
asks you to put in your deposit envelope simply slip in an envelope with a 
suitable note in it.  I'll leave the contents of the note up to you.  
Now...Most towns have ATM's all over town.  If the bank the account is at has 
a true "MAC"  machine you can make deposits from any other MAC machine.  So 
you can run all over town making fake deposits and taking out hundreds of 
dollars.  All machines have some sort of limit on them as to how much money 
can be taken out at one time.  The lowest I've seen is $300 and some go up to 
$2000.  I'd say to keep the withdrawals somewhere between $300-$500 just to 
make sure the machine doesn't take a fit and keep the card.

Also...If you read any of the national tabloids most have ads for  fake I.D.'s 
as well as Social Security cards and birth certificates.  Order yourself a few 
of them and set up fake accounts and then you can go do the withdrawal trick.  
Again...Don't send the damn ATM cards to your real address!  You may also want 
to wear a wig or something when you go in to set up the account just to be 
sure they can't identify you.  And park a little bit of a walk from the bank 
so no one can recall your car.  I drive a 66 mustang which is easily 
remembered...If you drive a memorable car I advise parking down the street or 
getting a friend to drive you.

Another thing that I have never seen posted anywhere is this.  We are in the 
middle of a recession.  Banks are closing and bigger banks are taking over.  
When one bank takes over another they will usually assign all customers new 
ATM cards.   If a bank (particularly yours) is changing over then watch in the 
mail for a new ATM card.  If you get one then you can bet that a few of your 
neighbors also got one.  A new PIN number is always enclosed with these new 
cards so you can literally get access to 10-15 accounts just by looking in a 
few mail boxes.  And since the guy you stole from didn't get his new card he 
will have no idea that he should have gotten one and he won't know anything is 
wrong until his monthly statement comes.  So you can go in and take like 20-30 
bucks a night or do as before and throw in a few empty envelopes and grab $400 
a shot.  One more thing....In case you didn't know....Most ATM's have cameras 
built into them behind some sort of dark glass.  Some are out in the open but 
some are hidden.  So put a bag or a mask over your face when you go to the 
machine just to be sure they can't identify you.  It might also be a good idea 
to not park your car directly in front of the ATM as an added precaution.  
Most of the cameras aren't to clear but just to be safe we don't want them 
getting your plate number of something.

Credit Cards
============

Credit Card numbers can be obtained through mear common sense so I'm not going 
to do too much explaining on these.  Anyone who works in a retail store has 
access to literally 100's of credit card numbers every week.  Simple write 
down the number and name off the receipts that the store keeps and your set.  
If your store calls voice to validate cards just call and tell them you want 
an authorization number for a purchase.  Give them the store's merchant number 
and then make up a price.  (Give a price somewhere in the range your planning 
to spend)  It's easier than breaking into TRW to find the balance and they 
can't arrest you for doing it.  Of course if you do try anything with the 
cards be sure to call the Home Shopping Network.  You can sell they're jewelry 
to the local pawn shop for some bucks.   HSC tends to check the address you 
give them with the address that is given to C.C. company by the card holder so 
tell them that you just moved and didn't notify your bank yet just in case 
they get some sort of error when checking it.  They'll usually buy that story.

Also....if you have an ex-girl/boyfriend get a card and send them flowers or 
something.  When the illegal charge is discovered the florist and the bank 
will bug that person to try and find out who sent them the flowers.  It makes 
for a nice annoyance. I've done this before and it worked perfectly.  I even 
managed to get an Ex-Boss in trouble by placing the order from a telephone in 
a Gas Station where I used to work.  They threatened to take away his card 
acceptance privileges since the card number came from his establishment.  (I 
gave them his number to call back and verify the order...They called back 
about 5 minutes later and I told them "Yes...I made the order".....They said 
ok and the next day the girl got the flowers.  The next week she had people 
bugging her and my boss had feds breathing down his neck for credit card 
fraud.  It was a nice feeling.

Colombia House
==============

Yes Columbia House.  The music company.  If you haven't figured this one out 
yet then you have absolutely no imagination and probably shouldn't be reading 
this because your as good as nailed.  Columbia House is the company that you 
see all the "12 tapes for a penny" ads for.  They do not ship UPS.  This means 
you don't have to be there to sign for a delivery when the tapes come.  So for  
a penny and postage you can make up a name and have the tapes sent to any 
address where you can go pick them up.  They ship both tapes and CD's so you 
can get a rather nice collection.  This type of scam works great if you live 
year round in a shore area where most residents are summer only.  With 
everyone out of town for the winter you can send shit all over the place and 
go pick it up without fear of someone else getting it before you do.



Ok....Now let's just get into a little fun and games to round off this issue.


Mild Explosive
==============

Get yourself some chlorine and a bottle of brake fluid.  Make a small pile of 
chlorine (about 3 inches around) on the ground an pour some brake fluid on it.  
In a few seconds you'll get some very noxious gas and a little smoke.  A few 
seconds later it will explode with about a 3 foot ball of flames.  It will 
then burn for a few seconds and produce some more very irritating gas.  
If contained this mixture can do some damage.  I've seen garbage cans blown 
apart by it.   I suppose you could work out some nice little bombs with a 
glass bottle.  Don't get in the way of the gas that is given off by this 
stuff.  The fumes are very poisonous and will have you coughing and wheezing 
in seconds.


Smoke Screen
============

Ever wanna play spy hunter in real life?  Welp...Get some rubber tubing and 
run it from the engine compartment of your car to the back bumper.  Hook up a 
small electric pump to the battery and put a container full of oil under the 
hood and put the hose into it.  Rig it so that the pump will pull the oil out 
of the container through the hose.  Have the hose run very close to...but not 
touching...your exhaust manifold.  The oil in the house will start to burn and 
by the time you get it out the other end (at you bumper) you'll have a thick 
blue smoke that will blind traffic behind you and definitely cause a little 
nausea.


Pain Causer
===========

If you happen to know any hippies or whoever that still have those strings of 
beads hanging across a doorway in their house then try tying a few fish hooks 
into the beads.  This always makes for a good time at parties.


Hmm....I guess that about wraps things up for now since it's 6:00am and I've 
been up all night and I'm extremely bored.  For the newest TLS files as well 
as the older ones give a call to The Syndicate.
                                                908-506-6651  3/12/24/96 USR
                                                908-506-6892  3/12/24

               

                         ////// //      //////
                          //   //      //
                         //   //      //////
                        //   //          //
                       //   //////  //////
                       =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
                        The Lawless Soceity
                       =-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                                     - Fuzzball

