






               How to make PLT -Professional Lock Tools-

The making and possessing of lock-opening tools may be regulated by state
and local laws. Check these before you start. Although all of the
techniques and materials discussed herein will work, I accept no liability
whatsoever regarding use of this information.

The mere insertion of a lockpick in a keyway constitutes "entry" (as in
"breaking and entering"). Everything you have heard about life in the can
is true, so if you want to score big, take my advice and run for office
that's legal!

        -Eddie The Wire

     ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ


                         ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                         ³  TOOLS AND SUPPLIES  ³
      	      	         ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

   	A. TOOLS
           1. Grinding machine with 1/4" - 3/4" coarse wheel. (A lot of
              metal must be removed in some plt, so a file would be too
              slow and tiring. A cheap alternative is an arbor mounted
              stone chucked in an electric drill.)
           2. 6" - 10" flat mill cut file
           3. Gun blue
           4. Small ruler
           5. Paint masking tape.
           6. Scribe or nail
        B. SUPPLIES
           1. 1/4" Spring steel (The do-it-yourself sewer snakes sold at
              hardware stores work well. It is also pre blued.)
           2. Feeler gauge stock, 1/2" x .025" x 12" and 1/2" x .035" x 12"
           3. Hacksaw blades (1/2" x 12")
           4. Two extra-cheap pin-tumbler rim cylinder locks.  (Buy two of
              the same brand.)
           5. And of course, a quiet, well-lighted place to work is good.


Also, any hand tools you may have will make the work that much easier. The
above should be considered the bare minimum. Let me emphasize that the
purchase of a small bench grinder may involve a medium expense, but is is
well worth it in time saved.


Your basic set of PLT will consist of one diamond, two lifters, and two
tension wrenches, This will allow you to work 90% of the locks you
encounter.



                    ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                    ³  BEGINNING MEASUREMENTS  ³
                    ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

Several measurements are necessary to size the PLT to a particular lock,
and also to you own opening technique. First (alpha) measure the distance
from the key stop (the part of the key that butts against the lock face
and prevents further insertion) to the exact bottom of the farthest pin
cut, as shown in figure 1. Next (beta) measure the distance between two
adjacent pin cuts. Finally grab a pencil (you should be writing down these
measurements) and pretend it is a lockpick, holding the eraser end up to a
lock as you usually hold your lockpick, If you have never used a pick
before, hold it in your usual pencil grip. Mark the point at which the
pencil shaft no longer touches any part of your hand, and then measure
from the eraser to that mark for the gamma measurement.



	           ³<---total key length-->³
                   ³                       ³
                   ³                       ³
                   ³        ³<--alpha-->³  ³
                   ³        ³           ³  ³
                   ³        ³   beta>³  ³< ³
                   ³ ÛÛÛÛÛÛ ³        ³  ³  ³
                   ³ÛßÛÛÛÛÛÛÄ/\_/\Ä/\_/\-/\³
                    ÛÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ/
                     ÛÛÛÛÛÛ



                      ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                      ³  ROUGH PROFILE BLANKS  ³
                      ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

At this point we begin making rough profile blanks, or RPB. Add one alpha
dimension, one gamma dimension, and three beta dimensions together. The
total is the RPB overall length. With luck, it may be less than 4 inches,
enabling you to cut three RPB from one piece of stock. If you are using
painted hacksaw blades, fine lines can be scribed directly onto them.
Plain blades and feeler stock must be blued (with your gun blue) to accept
layout lines. Your best bet is using the plumers snake if you can find it.
This stuff is preblued and beats the hell out of hacksaw blades.

Scribe your RPB length lines and cut them apart by grinding on the face of
the stock. In any grinding, the heat produced can quickly rise to levels
hot enough to un-temper the steel. If any part of a PLT becomes un-
tempered (indicated by a dark blue or straw-colored area), it will easily
bend at that point and make pin manipulation impossible. Also, no thin
steel shapes can be retempered by heating and quenching because they will
warp badly. A burned pick is a ruined one. A good way to keep grinding
time short is counting to three while grinding. cooling the PLT in cold
water, and then starting over with the count. As the cross-section gets
smaller and there is less material to carry excess heat away, only grind
for a count of one or two before cooling. Having the water immediately
below the wheel saves a lot of time and motion. Sharp angles and points on
PLT really heat up fast, so cool frequently. Holding the PLT in bare
fingers while grinding is another good way to avoid burning (the steel, at
least).



              ÜÜ                 ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜ
              ÛÛÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                           sample RPB



                       ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                       ³  THE DIAMOND PICK  ³
                       ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

At this point, collect keys for your two sample locks and examine the
different bitting depths. You are looking for the maximum height
difference between two adjacent bitting appreciable height difference, but
occasionally just by chance, there will be nothing but slight differences
in biting depths. If this happens, examine any keys in your pocket that
have the same alpha/beta dimensions, looking for an appreciable height
difference (which we will call a delta dimension). Once you find the
maximum delta dimension, trace that section of the key directly onto an
RPG. The object is to duplicate the exact angles and height of that
selected part of key bitting on the RPB. Remember to keep the bottom of
the lower of the two bitting depths flush with the top of the shank on the
tool. When you have traced this, grind to the new outline, taking special
care not to lessen the delta dimension at all by grinding the top of the
pick end. Your finished product should look like a diamond. If it has a
flat spot at the top, grind to eliminate the flat spot, while keeping the
height the same.

As you expand beyond a basic PLT set, you may want diamond picks with
lower height diamonds (delta dimensions). Note: A pick cut to the maximum
delta dimension can lift a pin to the necessary height without the shank
of the pick binding and possibly un-picking the lower adjacent pin. A PLT
with a lower height delta is, however , useful in special situations and
other makes/models of locks. To produce these smaller PLT, Simply trace
your maximum delta pick directly onto a RPB, and then continue the process
shown but past the point that is shown to stop grinding. This will
effectively lower the diamond to any desired height. Remember to keep the
angle the same or the pick will not easily slide in under the pins.



                                ÚÄÄÄÄÄgrind to eliminate flat
                                ³
                                
  Successive key cutsÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ> //ÄÄ\
  lower diamond height       // / /^\______________________
                            ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ




                        ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                        ³  THE LIFTER PICK  ³
                        ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

The working end of a lifter is merely an upswept curve with a small flat
spot on top to hold the pin. Remember, a diamond is pointed, but a lifter
has a flat on the top. You can cut these PLT easily by tracing your
maximum delta profile on a RPB and then making modifications. In this
re-designing, make sure that the distance from the middle of the flat top
of the PLT to the beginning of the upsweep is at least as great as the
beta dimension. If not, the sweep might lift or bind on an adjacent pin.
Make this PLT in two delta dimensions to complete the pick components of
the basic PLT set. The smallest delta dimension among your sample keys
would be a good choice for a second pick size.


                          ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                          ³  SNAKE PICKS  ³
                          ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

Besides lifter and diamond profiles of various delta heights, there are
also half-rounds and multiple-cut PLT (usually called snake picks), Both
types are useful when "raking" the lock with a diamond fails, and
"lifting" is too tedious. (To understand this fully, you should have some
lock-picking theory down, but if you don't just trust me.) Half-round
profiles are laid out by marking the delta dimensions on a RPB and then
tracing various curves whose tops are no higher than this delta dimension.
The base of the arc should be wider than two beta dimensions so that part
of the curve will lift two or more adjacent pins, unlike diamonds and
lifters which work only one pin at a time. Since the arc base is wider
than two beta dimensions a special RPB should be made for this and the
"snake" PLT. A snake PLT attempts to duplicate a two/three/four pin
portion of actual key profile, thereby holding up a group of pins
simultaneously that would require great skill to pick individually. I
suggest that you not use RPB for these profiles, but instead lay out a
blank with lines for four beta dimensions as shown:


                        <ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄfour beta dimensions
               ³ ³ ³ ³
          _____³_³_³_³_______________________________________
          ³   /^\_/^\|____________/                          ³
           Ä/ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ



Cutting then becomes a matter of selecting a good profile, tracing and
cutting it out. Notice that you can make up a composite of individual key
bitting cuts selected and arranged according to any to any pattern by
marking the depth of cut only, and then connecting the depths with
straight lines. Just remember to never exceed the delta dimension between
adjacent cuts, or the PLT will not work smoothly or at all, because of too
steep angles on the bitting cuts.

The problem is: What sequence or profile of cuts works best? How many cuts
should be used, and how deep? since the object is to duplicate key action
and all keys are different there is no "best" profile for all locks.

One approach is to cut a profile that works on a sequence difficult to
open by lifters and diamonds, such as:
                * deep, shallow, deep, medium
                * deep, shallow, deep
                * deep, shallow, medium

These lift one or two pins high, while lifting adjacent pins only a little
something lifters cannot do. Experiment also with the following profiles:
                * deep, medium, shallow, deep
                * medium, deep, shallow
                * deep, deep, shallow, medium

Another concept to try out is half-depth profiles. Keys are usually cut
according to steps or increments of cut. An average system might have 9 -
10 steps of key bitting depth, even though not all are present on one key.
buy cutting one or more of your PLT bitting depths either high or low by
exactly one-half of this step, you may increase the number of combinations
the PLT will work. This is especially true of worn or cheap locks with
loose-fitting parts. The rule here is experiment. Some profiles may not
open any locks, in which case they can be re-cut to other profiles.
Usually a "snake" PLT is a last resort, but some can be very valuable.	



                       ÕÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¸
                       ³  TENSION WRENCHES  ³
                       ÔÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¾

Two tension wrenches are required to complete the basic PLT set. Start by
cutting off a 6 inch length of .060 - .090 diameter music wire and bend as
shown



                                             °
                                             °
                       ÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÜÛ
                       º
                       º



Now go to the wheel and grind the flats indicated, the object being to
obtain ends wit rectangular cross-sections. Test for a tight fit as the
grinding progresses by trying the tool in a keyway. Try also to grind
another wrench in which the flats have a slight taper getting smaller near
the tip. This will permit a tight wedge fit and thus increase the feel and
control of the wrench. Wrenches with a loose keyway fit seem to work
better with jerking or raking pick procedures . While wrenches with a
tight fit give more control in lifting pick procedures.


Or you can use RPB stock to make tension wrenches. The RPB stock is to
wide for a tension wrench you will need to make it thinner. I usually do
this after I've put the proper bends on it you can bend it similar to the
wrench shown above or like this:




                      ÉÍÍÍÍÍßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßßß
                      º     ^ 45ø twist



Make a 90ø bend 3/4" from the end of the RPB stock put a 45ø twist about
1/2" from the 90. Now grind it down till it is about 1/8" wide. You need a
few of these altering only the end to produce different widths.

This completes the basic PLT set. Using this set you can open 90% of ALL
the locks you'll encounter.

