

           How to Make a Landmine
                     by
           Merlin and Black knight

First you need to get a push button
switch... take the wires of it and
connect one to a 9 volt battery
connector and the other to a solar
igniter (if you can't get that then use
a thin piece of stereo wire).

Connect the other wire of the 9 volt
connector to to the other end of the
solar igniter (stereo wire).

Now... connect the end of a fuse (of
a pipe bomb, M80, whatever has a fuse)
to the solar igniter...

Dig a hole... not to deep but enough to
cover all the materials. Think about
what direction your enemy will coming
from and plant the switch, but leave
the button visible (not to visible).
Plant the explosive about 3 feet from
the switch because there will be a
delay in the explosion.
And when your enemy steps on it...
       B  O  O  M  !  !  !
       -------------------

---------------------------------------
            >> War Tactics <<
---------------------------------------
I don't know if these will be of any
use to you, being the civilized, cult-
ured human beings we are, but I've been
known to use them.


     ***How to kill using bamboo rods**
Well take a bamboo stick or better yet
a knife and put any type of animal
excrements (shit) on the knife or the
sharpened bamboo rod... Plant the
knife or rod in the ground firmly...
When someone steps on it they most
likely will die of blood loss or the
foriegn elements(shit) which been put
in they're blood stream will definetly
kill him.

       ---> hand to hand combat <---
Get an 2 ace bandages and 2 knifes with
blades on both sides... wrap the knife
to the top of you hand using the ace
bandage, be sure to be able to clench
your fist so you can climb & punch.
This is sick to do... So I wouldn't
suggest doing it unless we are under
a russian attack.

        ===> The bog trap <===

When in a bog... You can remove the
stumps in the bog and be left with a
large hole... Now throw the stump away
and cover the pit with the dry grass
which be found anywhere in the bog most
likely... You can even put this grass
on top of a still pond as long as it is
still! If it moves forget it!

And lastly remember that when either
having a pretend war or a gang war use
the bogs to your best advantage... They
are usually warm water and hide you
quickly and easily... Trees are never
to be used! They can be fatal to the
climber... think of how you can be
surrounded in seconds and not be able
to get back down...
-------------- HAVE FUN!!!! -----------
