 




 ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹
 ›±20 Nov 89±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±_ROR_-_ALUCARD_±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±±›   ﬁ∞
 ›                                                                     › A ﬁ∞
 ›                        AXIOM OF A WARRIOR                           ›   ﬁ∞
 ›                      ++++++++++++++++++++++                     A   ﬂﬂﬂﬂﬂ∞
 ›                                                               Tfile     ﬁ∞
 ›            Written by: Doctor Murdock                      Distribution ﬁ∞
 ‹‹‹‹‹                                                          Centere    ﬁ∞
 ›   ﬁ                       =- Semper Fidelis -=               - RoR -    ﬁ∞
 › A ﬁ_____________________________________________________________________ﬁ∞
 ›   ﬁ Shawn-Da-Lay Boy Productions, Inc.˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙˙ﬁ∞
 ›‹‹‹ﬁ‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹‹ﬁ∞
   ∞∞∞The∞Pirates'∞Hollow∞-∞415/236/2371∞∞The∞Electric∞Pub∞-∞415/236/4380∞∞∞∞




In order to become a man of knowledge, one must be a warrior, not a
whimpering child.  One must strive without giving up, without complaint,
without flinching.

One learns to act like a warrior by acting, not talking.

To be a warrior, a man has to be, first of all (and rightfully so) keenly
aware of his own death.  But to be concerned with death would force any of us
to focus on the self, and that would be debilitating.  So the next thing one
needs, to be a warrior, is detachment.  The idea of imminent death, instead of
becoming an obsession, becomes an indifference.

Only the idea of death makes a man sufficiently detached so he is incapable of
abandoning himself to anything.  Only the idea of death makes a man
sufficiently detached so he can't deny himself anything.  He knows his death
is stalking him and won't give him time to cling to anything, so he tries,
without craving, all of everything.

A detached man has only one thing to back himself with - the power of his
decision.  He has to be the master of his choices.  He must fully understand
that his choice is his responsibility, and, once he makes it there is no
longer time for regrets of recriminations.  His decisions ares final, simply
because his death does not permit him time to cling to anything.

A warrior does not abandon himself to anything, not even to his death.  A
warrior is not a willing partner; a warrior is not available, and if he
involves himself with something, you can be sure that he is aware of what he
is doing.  For a warrior, there is nothing out of control.  Life, for a
warrior, is an exercise in strategy.

The spirit of a warrior is not geared to indulging or complaining, nor is it
geared toward winning or losing.  The spirit of a warrior is geared only to
struggle, and every struggle is a warriors last battle on earth.  Thus the
outcome matters very little to him.  In his last battle on earth, a warrior
lets his spirit flow free and clear.  And as he wages his battle knowing that
he will be impeccable, a warrior laughs and laughs.


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-




X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X

 Another file downloaded from:                               NIRVANAnet(tm)

 & the Temple of the Screaming Electron   Jeff Hunter          510-935-5845
 Rat Head                                 Ratsnatcher          510-524-3649
 Burn This Flag                           Zardoz               408-363-9766
 realitycheck                             Poindexter Fortran   415-567-7043
 Lies Unlimited                           Mick Freen           415-583-4102

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                          "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"

X-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-X
