                    ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

            COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY ASSOCIATION, INC.
                           (MARYLAND)



FIRST:	The undersigned, James A. Ross, a citizen of the
United States of America, whose post office address is 7906
Hope Valley Court, Adamstown, Maryland 21710, being at least
eighteen (18) years of age, does hereby form a Non-Profit
Corporation under the general laws of the state of Maryland.

SECOND:	The Name of the Corporation is:

            COMMUNICATIONS SECURITY ASSOCIATION, INC.

THIRD:	The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are:

A.	Creation of a membership organization to collect
information and do scientific research in analog and digital
electronics especially as related to communications,
information and computer security.

B.  	Educational activities related to these fields.

FOURTH:	The post office address of the principal office of
the Corporation in Maryland is PO Box 7069, Gaithersburg, MD 
20898.  The name and post office address of the resident agent
in maryland is Michael Brumbaugh, PO Box 7069, Gaithersburg,
MD  20898.

FIFTH:	The Corporation shall not be authorized to issue
capital stock.

SIXTH:  	The number of directors of the Corporation shall be
three (3), which number may be increased or decreased pursuant
to the by-laws of the Corporation, and the names of the
directors who shall act until the first meeting or until their
successors are duly chosen and qualified are James A. Ross and
Kenneth R. Taylor.

SEVENTH:	The following provisions are hereby adopted for the
purpose of defining, limiting and regulating the powers of the
Corporation and of the directors and members:

A.	The Corporation is organized exclusively for educational
and scientific purposes, including, for such purposes, the
making of distributions to organizations that qualify as
exempt organizations under Section 501 (c) (3) of the Internal
Revenue Code, or the corresponding section of any future
federal tax code.B.Upon the dissolution of the Corporation, the Board of
Trustees shall, after paying or making provision for the
payment of all of the liabilities of the Corporation, dispose
of all of the assets of the Corporation exclusively for the
purposes of the Corporation, in such manner, or to such
organization or organizations organized and operated
exclusively for charitable, educational, religious, or
scientific purposes as shall at the time qualify as an exempt
organization or organizations under Section 501 (c) (3) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding provision
of any future United States Internal Revenue Law), as the
Board of Trustees shall determine.  Any such assets not so
disposed of shall be disposed of by the Court of Common Pleas
of the county in which the principal office of the Corporation
is then located, exclusively for such purposes or to such
organization or organizations, as said court shall determine,
which are organized and operated exclusively for such
purposes.

C.	No part of the earnings of the Corporation shall inure to
the benefit of, or be distributed to, its members, trustees,
officers, or other private persons, except that the
Corporation shall be authorized and empowered to pay
reasonable compensation for services rendered and to make
payments and distributions in furtherance of the purposes set
forth in Article Third hereof.  No substantial part of the
activities of the Corporation shall be the carrying on of
propaganda or otherwise attempting to influence legislation,
and the Corporation shall not participate in, or intervene in
(including the publishing or distribution of statements) any
political campaign on behalf of any candidate for public
office.  Notwithstanding any other provision of these
articles, the Corporation shall not carry on any other
activities not permitted to be carried on (a) by a corporation
exempt from Federal Income Tax under Section 501 (c) (3) of
the Internal Revenue Code of 1954 (or the corresponding
provision of any future United States Internal Revenue Law) or
(b) by a corporation, contributions to which are deductible
under section 170 (c) (2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1954
(or the corresponding provision of any later United States
Internal Revenue Law).

EIGHTH:	The duration of the Corporation shall be perpetual.

IN WITNESS THEREOF I have signed these Articles of
Incorporation on 5-29-86, and acknowledge the same to be my
act.


(Signed)  James A. Ross

