                      HARRIS

                  by V.P. Viddler


     "You know what I can do with my mouth, don't you, Harris?"

     "I do, Miss."

     "It was good, wasn't it, Harris?"

     "It was indeed, Miss."

     "Don't you want it again, Harris? I'll do it again, you know 
I will. Think about it, Harris."

     "I can't do what you want, Miss."

     "I'm sixteen, Harris."

     "Yes, Miss."

     "I'm gorgeous."

     "Yes, Miss."

     "I'm sexy."

     "Yes, Miss."

     "And I'm a virgin."

     "That's right, Miss."

     "And I'll do anything for you. Anything, Harris."

     "I can't, Miss."

     "Just a little. Just hurt me a little bit, Harris. Just--"

     "If I lose my position, Miss Stacy, you'll have no one to 
tease."

     "But I'm not teasing, Harris. I'm not! I just want you to--"

     "To hurt you, Miss."

     "Hurt me. Yes. Oh god, Harris. I want you to. I'll do 
anything. Anything you want. Look at me, Harris. Look at my 
body."

     "God. I can't possess your body, Miss Stacy. You're a 
virgin. I won't do that."

     "Then my mouth, Harris. Like last time. Remember? Wasn't it 
good?"

     "You shouldn't do this, Miss."

     "Hurt me, Harris. Do it. You want to. I'm such a brat, 
aren't I? A spoiled brat?"

     "That you are, Miss."

     "Punish me for it. Go ahead. Punish me. Look. I put on this 
tight top for you. Nothing under it."

     "I can see that, Miss."

     "Yes. I know you can. I want you to. See my nipples? 
Standing out? Hard?"

     "I do, Miss."

     "Hurt them. Go on. Please. Harris. Here."

     "I can't resist this, Miss Stacy. You should stop now."

     "No."

     "You should really stop now."

     "Hurt them, Harris. Take them. Put your--oh yes. That's 
right. How do they feel, Harris?"

     "Hard, Miss. But vulnerable. Most vulnerable."

     "Oh Jesus god yes. Pinch them, Harris. Pinch them hard. Very 
hard."

     "All right, Miss Stacy. I will."

     "Ah. Ahh. AAHHH! Yes! AAGGHH! YESS! Do it! Yes! Do it oh 
Jesus oh god ah ah ah ah oh Harris Christ do it I can't stand it 
Christ it hurts it hurts it HURTS SO OHH GOD HARD YES AGGHH 
Harris I love it I LOVE IT Harris--Don't stop--unh unhh unnhhh 
aughhh hah hah hah hah Jesus AAUUUGGHH!"

     "No, Miss. Hands down, Miss. Put. Your. Hands. Down."

     "Oooohh...I...all...all right...ahh...don't stop..."

     "Put your hands behind your back, Miss Stacy. Keep them 
behind you."

     "Arrrghh. As--as if--I was tied--ohh oh oh."

     "Does it hurt, Miss? Am I hurting you enough?"

     "Oh...god...so...good...hurts...hurts...it hurts."

     "Do not squirm about so much, Miss. I can't hold on if you 
twist so hard."

     "I can't...I...I think...please don't stop...Harris...I 
think...I could...almost...come this way...it hurts...so much...I 
think...I'm going to...to do it..."

     "No, Miss. You will not."

     "No! Don't stop."

     "Now, Miss. On your knees, Miss Stacy. Now. Right down. 
Kneel down. That's right."

     "Unh. Unh. Unh. I...I can't..."

     "In your mouth, Miss. In your mouth. Now."

     "Ugghhh! Ummmphh! Mmmmpphh. Ugghhll."

     "Slowly. Miss. Stacy. Now."

     "Hmm ummphh. Mmmn."

     "Now. Slowly, Miss. That's right. Just as you said you 
would. That's good, Miss Stacy. That mouth. Hurting. Panting. 
Quivering. So good. Take it all, Miss. I know you hurt. That's 
what you wanted. Lick it with your tongue. All right, Miss. Now. 
Swallow. Now. Swallow it, Miss Stacy. Swallow it. Swallow it. 
Swallow it."


     "I'm such a bitch. Punish me. Make me do something I don't 
want to do."

     "Bring Larry."

     "Oh. God. All right. You bastard."

     "Larry will stand against the wall. You will stand against 
Larry. Hard against him. Mashing your body to his from top to 
toe. And I will whip your back, Miss."

     "Hard?"

     "Very hard. So that you will squirm and twist and writhe 
against Larry, so hard, so uncontrollably as I whip you, that 
your body will lash him to such ecstasy that at last he will 
climax. Right through your clothes, right against your pain-
wracked, wriggling body, he will climax."

     "Oh god. I will too if you whip hard enough."

     "I will, Miss. And then you will crawl for me and use your 
mouth on both of us. And then I shall call your father."

     "Harris--I'll strip for you..."
