The following 10 chapter story is submitted for your sexual
titillation.  It contains graphic sex between consenting adults
in all forms.  The theme of this work is to convey the open
philosophy of the true  hedonist.  If this type of story offends
you, don't read any further.  Everyone else, enjoy!

This story may be distrubed freely on any BBS without permission.
It is NOT for publication unless my permission is obtained by
contacting me (Jonboy) at The Dirty Hacker BBS (914) 794-5306.

The Hedonists Chapter 1

     Dave Stearns drove up the long gravel driveway to the suburban
ranch in the service truck noting the absence of any life.
"Great!" He thought, "A twenty mile drive for nothing."  He decided
to check the house, just to make sure no one was home.  The
dispatcher promised there would be someone to let him in to repair
the plumbing in the elegant looking house.  He noted the time on
the log sheet.  "It was going to be another hot one, if its already
85 degrees at nine-thirty in the morning." He thought.  Dave got
out of the truck and picked up the red tool box he used for
plumbing.  After knocking at the front door, and receiving no
response, he went around the back to see if anyone was there.
     A large privacy fence surrounded the yard, but Dave could hear
rock music blaring beyond the gate.  He opened the gate and walked
around the house.  There was a large, cool-looking pool with a
woman laying in the sun on the far side.  The boom box throbbed
next to her.  As he walked up to the lady, he noticed her excellent
tan and skimpy swimwear.  She laid long in the sun.  Her long blond
hair was pulled to one side, revealing a cute face with full, pouty
lips.  Her eyes were closed in reverie as she listened to the
throbbing beat of the music.  The bikini bottom was a french cut -
a mere string which disappeared in the incredible depths of her
full ass cheeks.  There were simple bows on each side of her flared
hips, which almost held the "garment" in place.  Dave noticed she
wore no top, and none was near either.  Her long, tapered legs were
slightly parted, revealing a small patch of cloth that pressed into
the dark slot of her crotch.  A slight sheen of perspiration
covered her body.
     The effect of close observation of this beauty put a major
amount of stress upon his short cut-off's ability to restrain the
monster that was growing in them.  At twenty-one, his body was in
good shape.  Dave's stomach was taut, and muscles bulged in all the
right spots (especially the one in his pants).  He walked up to the
woman, and quietly asked if she had called for service.
     The young woman jumped at the sound of his voice.  She
partially raised from the thick beach towel, exposing a full breast
and turgid nipple.  She raised up on her forearms, but kept the
tips of her breasts pressed against the towel.  "I'm sorry.  I
didn't hear you come in."  She apologized.  Her brown eyes smiled
as she noticed the firmness at the front of Dave's raggedy cut-
offs.  "Are you here to fix the plumbing?"
     "Yeah, I'm Dave with Speedy Home Repairs."  He said as his
eyes locked on her body.  "You look nice and comfortable."  He
mentioned as he set his tool box down by the pool.
     She flicked her long hair over her shoulder, re-exposing the
nipple of one tit.  She turned on her side, trying to keep her tits
covered by pressing them to the towel.  The front of her bikini
bottom was a thin black "vee" that showed a slight tuft of blond
pussy hair peeking out over her mons.  She had no tan lines. "My
name's Vicki.  I don't think there's really much of a problem.  My
step-mother's the one that called, and she didn't tell me what it
was.  You don't mind waiting until she gets back to find out, do
you?"  She asked lazily scratching an itch on her inner thigh.
     "Do you know how long she'll be, Vicki?"  Dave said as he
licked his dry lips.  The head of his cock peeked out from under
the leg of his shorts.  It was being pinched as it grew with sexual
arousal.
     Vicki's eyes were glued to Dave's bulging crotch.  Her breasts
flushed with excitement.  "I think she went shopping down at the
mall, she should be back in an hour or so, Dave."  She smiled
sweetly.  Her dark eyes looking deep into his green one's.  "Why
don't you take off your shirt and join me for some rays?"  She
invited, flexing one tapered leg so he could see the tiny string as
it disappeared in between her pouting sex lips.
     "I suppose I could wait a bit."  Dave replied, stripping off
the shirt.   He tried to adjust the monster in his pants
discreetly.    A smile crossed Vicki's lips, followed by the tip of
her tongue.  "Dave, see that bottle of lotion over by the lounge?"
She asked pointing a long, slim finger and a full, bouncy tit at
the patio behind the house.  "Would you mind putting some on my
back?"  I'm afraid I'll burn."
     He stood, walked over to the patio, retrieved the bottle of
baby lotion, and returned to her side.  He stood over her for a
moment, taking in the gorgeous view of her nearly naked sexuality.
     Her eyes were even with Dave's crotch.  See looked it over
slowly, admiring the fullness in the garment, before stretching out
on her front.  The movements had caused the strings of the bikini
to bury themselves into her pussy and ass.  She slid a hand under
her pelvis and relieved the pressure by slipping her fingers
between the garment and her pussy.  Standing slightly behind her,
he watched as two fingers slid through the moist slot, lingering a
little longer than needed.  Her fingers were damp when she pulled
them out and laid her head down.  She closed her eyes.
     As Dave sat down beside the nubile woman, he could smell the
heady aroma of her sex.  He popped loose the top snap of the cut-
off's to give his dick some breathing room.  "This babe is hot!"
He thought.  And he meant more than temperature.  It had been
several weeks since Dave had felt any type of real relief,
sexually, except for his hand.  He'd just finished another
gruelling spell of study and finals at the local University.  Most
of his friends had gone home for the summer, and he hadn't
developed any new partners yet.    He knelt by her hips, and
unscrewed the top of the clear bottle.  He squirted the warm liquid
on his palms, rubbed them together, and gently began to spread the
slippery oil over her soft shoulders.
     She pulled her hair out of the way.  Exposing her slender
neck.  "Umm." Vicki murmured.  "That feels good, Dave."  She
encouraged softly.
     Taking her hint, he switched from rubbing on the lotion to
massaging in the lotion.  His large hands firmly kneaded her pliant
shoulder skin and muscles.  "You feel tight."  He commented. "Let
me work on some of your kinks while I wait for your step-mom."
     Vicki nodded her assent.  She re-arranged her body to allow
Dave easier access.  He straddled her thighs.  The front of his
pants pressed into her ass.  The young man rocked forward and
continued his ministrations to her taut muscles.  His thumbs firmly
rolled the muscles between them and the flats of his fingers.  He
ran his hands up the back of her slender neck and then out over her
shoulders.  He spread his fingers wide as he massaged the muscles
over her shoulder blades and down her spine.  He squirted more
lotion on her back.  She squirmed as the warm liquid splashed and
ran down the smoothly tanned surface.  Goose bumps appeared
momentarily along the fine blond hair of Vicki's upper arms.  He
massaged those surfaces, developing a circular pattern of: neck,
shoulders, upper arms, shoulder blades, and spine.
     "God, that really feels great, Dave!" Vicki cooed.  "I've been
so tense lately.  School has really been a drag this month."
     "I know what you mean.  I've just finished finals myself."
     "They are the pits."  She agreed.
     "If you'd like, I could do a complete massage for you, while
I'm waiting." Dave suggested hopefully.  He had adjusted his
throbbing cock until it was protruding obscenely from the top of
his shorts.  The zipper continued to work its way down as he rubbed
the front of his pants on her up-thrust ass cheeks.  As he worked
lower on her narrow waist and spine, she arched her back presenting
her lovely ass to more of his touching.
     "Umm, yes! Please do, Dave."  She hissed with satisfaction.
Her nubile body was responding to his gentle but firm
ministrations.  "Fuck," she thought, "I haven't felt this sexually
aroused this whole year.  All those jocks I've been with only
wanted one thing.  They'd use my pussy to masturbate, and leave me
high and dry.  But this guy is doing more to me than all of them
put together, and he's not even got his dick out!"  She decided
right then, that Dave deserved a special "bonus," and she'd make
sure she gave it to him personally.  Where her actions had been
responses to his expert massaging, now she was going to try to get
Dave to fuck her by using her tempting body.  "The game was afoot!"
     Vicki began to flex and arch her back rhythmically.  She felt
his bulge pressing against her soft ass.  There was a strange
softness to some of it, that contrasted to the harsh material of
the jean cut-offs.  "I wonder what that is."  She thought.
     Dave's hands moved smoothly over the prone woman's back.  He
was an experienced masseuse.  He had worked at the local spa, part-
time, to help pay for college.  He started softly and gradually
increased the pressure and depth of his rubbing, until the area was
pink and pliable.  He was careful to keep the skin moist with
lotion to avoid rubbing her tender skin raw.  He wanted to see how
long he could continue this massage before this woman would beg him
to fuck her.
     The tanned amazon moved her arms over her head to allow Dave
greater access to her body.  The massage was washing days of
tension out of her system.  From time to time she arched and flexed
her body under his hands.  Her pussy was beginning to get that
familiar "feeling."  Her clit was once again being rubbed by the
French bikini.  "That damn thing!"  She thought.  "I wish I'd worn
nothing as I first intended.  Fuck!  I think the thing is going to
make me cum before "big boy" gets his cock in me."  She began to
think how she could slow down her orgasm, get the fucking G-string
out of her throbbing twat, or make Dave jump her bones.  The
problem was - between Dave's massage and the suit's touch on her
sensitive clitoris - she was having trouble thinking at all.
     Vicki was an exceptionally sexual individual.  Her breasts,
nipples, ass and cunt were highly erogenous.  Many times she had
cum when a date had licked or sucked her nipples or finger-banged
her, in the back seat of a car.  And she could cum several times,
if her lover allowed her time to build to the first climax
properly.  Lately her dates had seemed hurried, and she had to
resort to her own fingers - which never seemed as satisfying.  The
attention she was getting from Dave far exceeded any past
experience she'd had with foreplay.
     Dave changed the flow of his massage slightly.  The young
woman was obviously aroused.  "Shit!  She's one hot bitch, man!"
Dave considered,  "Look how that string disappears in her ass
crack!  Man, I wish that was my tongue!"  He looked down at his
cock.  A drop of pre-cum was developing at the tip.  As he rocked
forward to massage Vicki's neck, his cock rubbed her ass crack.
His uncircumcised prick unsheathed itself with each forward
movement.  The pink head glistened with sex slime.  He broadened
his massage to include the sides of her rib cage.  The tips of his
long fingers glanced over the sides of her bulging tits.  Each time
his fingers slid over the firm globes, he applied slightly more
pressure and moved his hands closer to her covered nipples.  His
actions weren't obvious to the rapt woman.  The time between each
cycle was long enough to allow her to think the action was purely
natural.  It was!  He naturally wanted to touch her tits.
     In addition, Dave slid a little further down her smooth
thighs.  This exposed her buttocks which he had been covering with
his body.  Actually, his cock was now closer to her seeping snatch.
The long strokes up her back, to her neck, brushed his cock against
the tender skin along her ass and in between her pussy and anus.
Dave began to knead the pillowy ass cheeks of the blond sex
goddess.  He knew the thick muscles of the ass were especially
sensitive to massage and critical to tension release.  She moaned
under the new actions of his hands.  The pre-cum dribble from his
leaking member was being rubbed into her tender crotch.
     Dave deliberately stopped all the action while he picked up
the baby oil bottle and unscrewed the cap.  Vicki's prone form
wiggled in anticipation.  She arched her ass lewdly toward the
muscular young man that crouched over her perfect body.  She rubbed
her flatted nipples against the fluffy terry cloth beach towel.
She pressed her mons against the hard concrete apron of the pool
deck.  She needed to be touched, filled, and fucked.  "UMM!"  She
hinted at her arousal and impatience.
     Dave pointed the clear liquid at her flexing ass cheeks.  He
glimpsed the bikini string sawing against her puckered ass hole as
she squirmed with need.  Her sexual aroma filled the air around the
couple.  Although Dave could not see it, the lips of her sex pulled
at the string that was wedged in her moist pussy.  Her clit was
fully erect.  Her body was flushed from head to toe.  Suddenly Dave
squirted the warm liquid direct at her clinching anus during one of
the brief moments he could see it as she arched luridly toward him.
The few seconds of reprieve had cooled her skin from his massaging
to allow the contrast of the warm liquid to cause her to jump, as
it splashed on her ass hole and cheeks.  In her sexual frenzy, the
warm liquid felt like hot cum blasting onto her ass hole.
  "Oh shit!"  She exclaimed excitedly,  "God, that really feels..."
She tried to recover from a near orgasmic explosion.  Her ass hole
tingled.  She held perfectly still, trying to control the heat that
was growing in her young loins.  "...good, Dave."  She finally
finished.  Her face was flushed with sexual excitement.
     "I'm glad you like it, Vicki."  Dave smiled calmly.  He
figured this bitch would beg him to fuck her any minute.  It was
this thought that almost brought Dave to a screaming cum.  The
vision of the beautiful woman lying under him as he slammed his
hard cock into her slippery snatch just about made him cum.  He
shook his head, and tried to relax.  A full four inches of hard
cock lay on her pulsating ass.  The rest was wedged painfully in
his tight shorts.  He wanted to take off the constricting cut-offs,
but didn't want to break the woman's concentration, or scare her
off.
     After his hormones were under control, Dave renewed his
massage.  Vicki relaxed and settled back into the rhythm of his
firm manipulations of her body.  Dave began with her oil slick ass.
He scooped up the errant lotion with his finger-tips.  Lightly
brushing her crotch.  She tried to spread her knees a little to
give him greater access to her tender sex.  He spread the warm
liquid over her hips with his palms.  Then he stretched his hands
over her firm buttocks and began to roll the flesh between his
fingers.  His thumbs slid in sync into her tender ass crack.  He
topped off the stroke by sliding the slick fingers up her back,
across her shoulders, and down her ribs, pulling lightly at her
firm tits with each stroke.   Her tits were slowly being pulled out
from under her.  The action felt good to Vicki.  Her tits were
large and firm enough to make laying on them (especially when she
was aroused) slightly uncomfortable.  The towel brushing on her
nipples felt good too.  At this point, she would have allowed the
considerate man to do anything he wanted to her sexually vibrating
body.  She wished he do "something" soon!  Vicki was not aware that
with each of his return strokes to her trembling butt, he tugged
gently on the loose bows that held the skimpy material over her
mons.
     Dave spent several strokes on her ass, almost grazing the tiny
black string with his thumbs, where it rubbed her puckered brown
hole.  As his hands slid out of her crack, he lightly tugged on the
string to make it rub the sensitive zones more.  Her inner thighs
were getting wet as the sexual lubrication spread from her vulva
with his actions.
     A master of sexual preliminaries, Dave slid further down her
form, and continued the full massage with her thighs and calves.
The sex crazed woman didn't know how much longer she could keep
from cumming.  She determined to try to make this man rape her with
her actions of encouragement, but she wasn't going to tell him to
fuck her.  At least, not yet!  Dave massaged the tender area
beneath her buttocks, deeply.  His fingers practically touching her
nether lips.  Her juices covered her inner thighs and his probing
finger tips.  He covertly brought a juice covered digit to his nose
and inhaled the bitter-sweet odor.  He touched the tip of his
tongue to the gooey mixture of oil, sweat and sex.  "Umm"  He
thought hornily.  "That's eating' quality pussy."  His hands
returned to her long, tapered legs.  His fingers worked on her
ankles.  He lifted one foot, and rested the elegant appendage in
his crotch on his warm, throbbing member.  Her rubbed his thumbs
into her arches and rolled the cute toes between his fingers.
     The young blond had begun to pass the limits of her sexual
control with this latest onslaught of her tender anatomy.  As the
man slid off her thighs, she spread her legs at the knees,
shamelessly.  She wanted him to see her needy pussy.  She wanted
him to smell her sex.  She wanted his fingers, cock, or tongue in
her now!  She squirmed on the beach towel, arching her shapely ass
toward his face.  She raised up on her elbows and her turgid
nipples grazed the rough cloth as her full tits swung free.  She
tossed her blond mane and moaned in need.
     Dave's cock rubbed the woman's instep as he ran his hands up
her long, tanned thighs, slowly.  He squeezed her ripe ass cheeks
firmly.  Then he spread them lewdly, exposing her tingling anus to
the cool breeze that fluttered over the torrid couple.  He held her
ass cheeks apart, and slowly ran his thumbs along the black bikini
string from the back edge of her seeping pussy, over her puckered
hole and out of the scented crack.
     Instinctively, Vicki's feet quested out his throbbingly
exposed cock and massaged it.  Pulling it free of its cloth
confines.  It took the sex wild woman a few seconds to realize she
had her tormentor's penis in her control.  When she finally did
realize it, Vicki manipulated the pulsating sexual organ with her
slippery feet.  Her toes curled under his heavy balls.  She
captured the pleasure pole between her insteps and slowly jacked
the monster.  A long drool of pre-cum ran from the angry, red knob
hole to her tingling soles.
     Dave's hand slid up the torrid woman narrow waist and flared
out over her shoulders.  He slid his hands firmly down her rib-
cage, along the taut tit sides, not stopping until her ripe breasts
fell into his questing palms.  Her rock-hard nipples pressed
against his pinching finger-tips.  "Umm!"  They moaned in sexual
unison.
     As his hands finally fulfilled one of Vicki's fantasies, she
arched that supreme body to allow full access to her chest, and
raised her butt for the added attention she craved in her lathering
groin.  Her knees were spread.  She wanted to maintain her pedal
contact with his sexual sword.  Her ass cheeks were spread, and
beckoning the young man to take his fill.  Her pussy was gooing its
juice down her long, tanned thighs.  The black string of her bikini
gleamed with her moisture.  Her pussy was totally exposed now.
Only the thin black cord, which buried itself inside the inner lips
and tormented her throbbing clit with teasing touches, covered any
of her sex.  The outer lips were full and distended, nature's
method of guiding a rampant cock into the pleasurable fold of a
woman's needy cunt in times of arousal.
     Dave's flaring nostrils filled with the sweet scent of her
sex.  His hands were filled with firm tits.  His eyes drank in the
sight of her beckoning ass and sex.  He heard her soft moans of
need.  No words were possible.  She stretched her ass to make
contact with some part of the man of her dreams.  Her bikini was
loose on her hour-glass form, except where it was clutched by her
pussy and the full cheeks of her fine ass.  Her feet encased his
throbbing hard-on.  Both of the young people were rapidly loosing
control as mother nature's sexual drives and instincts took over.
     Vicki's yearning ass finally brushed Dave's mustache.  His
senses were sexually overloaded.  As he rolled her aching nipples
between his finger tips, and tugged on her full breasts, his nose
dropped into her steamy crack.  He flared his nostrils, like a
stallion sniffing a mare's sex before mounting her proudly.
Vicki's powerful scent filled his brain like cocaine.  Dave nuzzled
the soft, pliant flesh with his nose, cheeks, chin and lips.  His
tongue snaked out and flicked her rosebud anus.  Like a lightning
bolt in her loins, the touch of his burning tongue sent the sex
crazed bitch into a blistering orgasm.  His tongue slid lazily from
her smoothly shaved pussy lips - along the gleaming black nylon
bikini string - over her puckered anus - rimming the tight orifice
- and up her crack to her waist.
     The thrill of his oral ministrations fired Vicki's throbbing
orgasm.  Her loins wept sweet sexual nectar.  She thrust her ass or
pussy in his face as he continued to lick from one to the other.
Her moans filled the air around the perfectly match couple.
"Fuck!"  She thought when her mind cleared after her orgasm
subsided, "This is the man I've been waiting for!"  She began to
realize the true dimensions of his cock and balls for the first
time.  She felt his pre-cum ooze coating her feet and his bloated
sex.  His oral artistry had taken the edge off her need, and she
wanted to help him with his obvious problem.
     Dave's focus on the young woman's sex was so complete, that he
didn't realize she had stopped shaking from her intense orgasm.
His limber tongue eagerly lapped the love juices from her thighs
and crotch.  His nose tickled her nether hole as his mouth
suctioned her orgasmic cuntal flow.  As he continued his oral
sodomy of the statuesque blond, his hips hunched involuntarily
against her massaging feet.  His cut-offs worked their way down his
tautly muscled buns and thighs, gathering at his knees.  His smooth
sac drooped against the towel.
     Vicki carefully disconnected her feet from the bronzed man's
sexual apparatus.  She didn't want to dampen his incredible sexual
intensity.  Her ass momentarily thrust into his face, "Oh, that
feels good!" She thought.  He reluctantly released her breasts as
she slowly turned over.  He was near orgasm.  His eyes were
heavily lidded.  His lips were flushed and full.  His nostrils
flared like a bull.  Dave's face was level with her pussy.  His
eyes were locked on the tuft of blond pubic hair that peeked out
from behind the narrow black bikini front.  He slowly lowered his
mouth to the place where the young woman's vagina was parted by the
string.  His tongue gripped the string.  He steadily pulled the
string through her ass and cunt, and clear of her body.  A thrill
went through her sex.  The sight of his sexuality and readiness
renewed the tingling in Vicki's pink twat.  She did not want him to
cum anywhere but in her tight pussy.
     She captured his face in her dainty hands, and pulled his
muscular frame over her, and spread those perfectly tapered limbs
to receive his sexual offerings. "Fuck me!" She whispered huskily.
She tipped her steaming pelvis at Dave's throbbing cock.  The
smooth pubis opened like the petals of a wild-flower in the morning
dew.  The tumescent lips parted slowly, with slender webs of pearly
cunt lubricant suspending between them.  She clamped her pussy
muscles, and her musky hole "winked" at Dave.
     His eyes were riveted to the lewd show between her soft
thighs.  His cock was pulsating.  The veins were full along its
impressive length.  The slippery, pink head peeked out from its
protective sheath.  A drop of clear pre-cum gathered at the little
pee hole.
     Vicki wrapped her long legs around the sex stunned man.  She
firmly pulled his ass toward her yearning cavern.  Her hand grasped
his penis.  Her hand was cooling to his burning need.  The thick
shaft jumped in her small hand.  She rubbed the tip over the sex
slick lips and opening of her vagina.  She even teased the sodden
man by momentarily brushing it across her tingling anus.  She had
never had a man there before, but this man had her ass singing for
more attention.  That would have to wait.  Right now, she needed
the thick cock inside her tight twat!  She eased the head into her
hole.  Her muscles spasmed, trying to swallow the burning rod.  Her
legs clamped him to her, impaling her little box on his long, hard
staff.  She groaned with approval, shutting her brown eyes.
     Dave closed his burning eyes as the pretty blond piloted his
organ into her burning sex.  He was on the edge of sensory
overload.  He wanted to hold his orgasm, at least, until she was
satisfied.  Her inner muscle control was more than he could stand.
If he allowed her to continue to milk his tool, she would force him
to cum in matter of seconds.  He decided to bring her to a crashing
climax with him.
     Dave began to rock his hips slowly.  Each plunge slid his sex
slick monster deeper into her little pussy.  Finally, his balls
slapped against her pulsating pooper.  His pubic bone mashed her
erect clitoris.  Dave held his penis inside her without moving for
a few moments.  She felt fuller than ever before.  She began that
maddening "sucking" with her talented cunt again.  "OK, bitch!"
Dave swore, "You want fucked.  This is a fuck!"
     Dave pistoned his hips.  His long rod slid all the way out,
her muscles clamping - trying to hold his bloated cock-head inside
her cunt.  The he drove his ramrod brutally into her hole.  She had
trouble adjusting her clamping muscles and relaxing them to allow
his easy entrance into her "secret garden."  This made her womb
even tighter.  Dave began what could only be described as a
"monster fuck" of the hapless young woman.  Her teasing had driven
him to edge of self-control.  His loins were bursting.  He slammed
his red hot cock into her slimy hole relentlessly.  He gripped her
calves and raised her legs up to his shoulders.  Her ass and pussy
were wide open to his ruthless sexual onslaught.  Her juices
overflowed her pumping cunt.  Long strands of the foamy residue
hung from the young stallion's bloated balls.  He grabbed a tit in
each hand, squeezing and manipulating the firm flesh until they
glowed.  He felt a searing sensation begin in his anus, rush to his
balls, and erupt along the length of his spasming penis.  "Here it
comes, woman!  I'm going to fill your little hole with my jizz.
You'd better cum now, bitch!"  He ordered the breathless blond.
     Vicki's pussy was on fire.  Her pussy lips dragged at the
monstrous cock as it devastated her talented quim.  Her juices
covered the man's groin.  They pooled in her own upturned ass.  As
his fingers found her ultra-sensitive, bloated nipples, her climax
exploded, with his filling of her stretched pussy.  The feelings
seemed to snap like sparks from her nipples, ass hole, pussy, and
clit in a split second.  His crude remarks stimulated the climatic
explosion in her body.  She felt his load of man-cum filling her
little pussy.  "Yea, man, fuck my pussy!  Cum in me like bull!
Shoot your load, Dave.  Oh fuck, I'm cumming, honey!  Fuck!"  She
grunted as he continued to stab her cunt.
     On his last orgasmic spasm, Dave thrust his mighty organ
against her womb opening.  She felt his seed shoot into her depths.
His balls rested on her anus.  He ground his pelvis against her
clit.  Their sexual slime covered their groins.  He released her
legs and slid between them.  His tongue found her sweet oral snake
and finished their sex play with a deep, french kiss.  She wrapped
her arms and legs around his taut body.  Their sweat mingled and
dripped from her tits, belly, and neck.
     For a few moments, they rested in sweet bliss of sexual
fulfillment.  Vicki caressed her lover tenderly.  Her fingertips
ran over his ass and back.  She loved the feeling of his weight on
her body and his still semi-hard cock inside her.  She felt safe
and secure in this man's embrace.  She hadn't felt this good after
sex, in all her experiences.         -By Jonboy

The Hedonists Chapter 2 by Jonboy

     Dave's self control slowly began to return.  At first he was
afraid he might have hurt the beautiful woman with his maniacal
fucking, but her caresses soon put him at ease.  He nipped her soft
neck.  He kissed her ears.  His tongue slid smoothly into her open
lips.  Their tongues mingled and danced.  Her breasts pressed
firmly into his muscular chest.  He hadn't gone fully soft before
their after sex enjoyment was bringing his cock back to life.  He
gently hunched his cock into her pussy.
     Vicki broke their kiss.  "Wait a minute big boy!" She ordered
with a smile.  "You've just fucked my brains out, and you're ready
to do it again?"  His meat thickened inside her.  Her nipples
responded proudly.
     He smiled at his sweet partner sheepishly.  "I hope I didn't
hurt you, Vicki."  He murmured shyly.  "I've never really let go
with a woman before.  I... I...."  He looked at her lovely form
beneath him.
     "Oh, I don't think you did any permanent damage, sweet heart."
She responded, " I just need to pee, and get a drink and maybe
something to eat.  I think we'd burn up, if we did it again out
here, dear."  She pushed the big man off her body.  A sudden
emptiness filled her vagina as his cock slid out.
     "You're right.  I think I'd better find a place to take leak,
too!  God! the time really has flown!"
     She picked up her bikini, and grabbed his semi-hard cock.
"Come with me, honey."  She commanded in a sexy voice.  Dave
grabbed his shorts and shirt and followed the statuesque blond into
the house.  He admired her full curves.  Her ass swayed like it was
hung on ball bearings.  Dave's cock pulsed in her dainty fist.  She
brushed the cummy dew drop that had formed on the head with her
thumb.
     "What about my tools, Vicki?"  Dave asked.
     "The only tool you'll need is right here!"  She responded,
playfully squeezing the iron hard shaft.  Her body gleamed with a
mixture of perspiration, oil and sexual fluids as they entered the
roomy, air-conditioned expanse of the family room.  Her aureoles
were protruding, along with her hard nipples, from the shock of
sudden temperature change.
     Dave snuggled up behind her, dropping his clothes, and
capturing both tits in his sweaty hands.  She pressed her ass into
his groin and stood enjoying his fullness against her back.  He
slid a hand lazily down her firm belly and through her skimpy blond
pubic patch, stopping at her moist crotch.  She tilted her hips to
allow him a quick feel of her privates before protesting with a
smile, "If you don't stop it, I'll pee all over myself!"
     His cock jumped at the sexy image his mind conjured up of the
warm, golden piss streaming down her lovely thighs.  "Not a bad
though, lady."  He replied.  His finger pressing into her.  The
extra pressure caused her to run into the bathroom down the hall to
pee.  She left the door open for her lover to follow.  Dave looked
at the tastefully decorated home as he followed her.
     She sat on the commode, holding her cunt lips as the warm
spray squirted into the water.  She leaned forward thrusting her
38D tits straight out.  Her back arched delightfully.  Her relief
was almost a sexual feeling.  She flipped her clit with the piss
soaked digit.
     "What a waste!"  Dave joked.  He stood before Vicki.  His cock
was inches from her pretty face.  "Hurry up, Vicki, I've gotta go
too!"  His cock was still hard.  "I don't know how I'm going to aim
this monster at the toilet, though."
     Vicki rocked back from his raging piss hard-on.  She allowed
him to see her golden shower and her finger action.  She used the
other hand to heft his nuts and caress his manhood.  "You really
know how to use this thing, Dave."  Complimented Vicki.  "I've
never had such an incredible orgasm, let alone two!"
     "You're pretty good yourself!"  Dave returned.  "Here, let me
help."  He crouched down and ran his thick fingers through her
splashing piss as the last few dribbles squirted from her urethra.
He slid one big finger up her cum soaked snatch, swirled it around,
and slowly, deliberately pulled it out.  Her juices and his cum
covered the finger.  He held it up for her to look at.  He inched
it closer to her face.
     She sat perfectly still.  Her eyes were wide as she examined
the love mixture.  She licked her lips.  Her tongue extending
lewdly toward the forbidden sauce.  "I will if you will."  She
whispered with a catty smile, looking him in the eye.
     Dave was a true hedonist.  He had no qualms about such things.
This moisture was the result of their fantastic love making, and
therefore, must be good.  The aroma of the sex sauce was enticing.
He snaked his tongue out to its full length.  Her eyes widened in
surprise.  She felt her cunt contract at the sight of his talented
tongue.  Their tongues met on both sides of the slimy finger.
Their tongues lapped and shared the mixture.  He slid the finger
into her mouth.  She sucked it like a cock.  Her tongue flicked
over it playfully.  She slid her hand into her crotch for a fresh
batch of the sauce.  While she sucked greedily on his digit, she
held her finger under his nose.  He sucked it greedily.  The same
as if he'd been sucking her firm tit.
     He stood again.  "I'm sorry, Babe, but I gotta go now!"  His
cock was an angry red color.  His bladder was painfully full.
     She liked the have power of the helpless man.  "What if I
don't want to move, big boy?"  She teased, squeezing his firm
testicles, while she frigged her damp pussy.
     "The I guess I'll piss in the shower!"  He exclaimed as he
stepped into the elegantly tiled stall, his hard cock bobbing.
     He closed his eyes and tilted his head back as he released his
golden stream at the slick tiled surface of the shower wall.
Vicki's clit pulsed with the sight of her lover's peeing.  She had
always wanted to watch a man piss.  She crept to the bronzed man's
side and slid her hand around his spraying organ.  His water
stopped, and he looked down at the woman holding his penis.  A sly
smile slid across his handsome face.  "Go ahead, Vicki."  Dave
encouraged.  "You can control it, if you want."  He released the
stream for her.
     She jacked his member slowly, watching the stream change and
slow.   "Oh, look!"  She murmured softly.  She lightly pinched the
flow off, and released it several times.  Her curiosity had her in
control.  She was mesmerized by the spitting snake in her little
hand.  She pinched the flow and slid around in front of her lover.
Releasing the golden stream slowly, his piss showered her bulging
breasts.  She squirted her protruding nipples.  The warm liquid ran
over her flat belly and dribbled from her distended cunt lips.  She
arched her back and aimed the spray directly at her tumescent clit.
Dave's eyes were locked on the sexy babe kneeling before him.  She
looked like she was worshipping his penis.  Her eyes were frozen on
his cock.  Her lids partially closed.  Her mouth hung open.  Dave
ran his hand through her blond hair and slowly pulled her sweet
face toward his pissing member.  He could tell she wanted to taste
the bitter liquid, but was in another world.  He slowly put a
finger to her lips and opened her mouth as he pulled her in front
of his cock.  His stream splashed from her pussy - up her front -
up her long thin neck - and finally on her chin, into her mouth.
She felt the piss in her mouth and thrust his cock into her mouth
while it still sprayed its final streams.  Dave flexed his cock
muscles.  The steam shot into the wanton bitch's lips like loads of
cum.  She let it run back out of her lips and down her front.
     As Dave's stream began to diminish, he turned on the shower,
adjust the spray to cover them both.  The warm clean water ran down
his chest, over his taut belly, into his crotch, along his thick
cock, and into her mouth.  She continued to allow the water to flow
into her mouth until the acidy flavor of his piss was washed away,
then she slowly slid his cock into her throat.  Dave felt it slide
past her tonsils.  He could feel her throat muscles milking the
head of his manhood, as her tongue slithered over the shaft and
balls.
     Vicki pushed three long fingers into her pulsating pussy.  Her
little finger brushed her puckered anus.  She it into her nether
opening.  All her fingers were working on her crotch.  Her thumb
flipped her little clit.  Her head bobbed back-and-forth along his
meat.  Her other hand was busy massaging his balls and cock.  The
warm shower water mad them slick.  She slid a finger into the crack
of his hairy ass, stimulating his little anus.
     Dave felt an electric shock run from his ass hole to the tip
of his dick, which was buried in the beauty's throat.  "Shit!" He
exclaimed.  "That's it, baby!  Suck that cock!"   He could see her
frigging herself in the full length mirror in the shower.  His
balls jumped as he thrust his mighty weapon into her waiting
gullet.  He sprayed her esophagus with his sperm.
     The first shot went straight down her throat.  She savored the
pulsation in his cock.  Then she slid it back to catch the rest of
the sexual elixir on her tongue. "Umm!"  She hummed.  Her fingers
danced inside her ass and pussy. She slid her finger into his dark,
musty hole causing his orgasm to continue.  Her long, tapered legs
flexed as her orgasm washed over her.  Her mouth bulged with his
sticky load, and she began to swallow.  Some of the milky liquid
overflowed her dainty lips and drooled out around his shaft,
dribbling onto her tits.  Her own juices filled her palm as she
mashed her fingers into her holes.
     She sucked and licked the last dribbles of his cream from the
cock monster.  She looked Dave in the eyes as she ran her tongue
over the head.  Her wanton look made Dave's cock jump.  He could
see a stray blob of cum on her tongue.
     Dave sank to his knees in front of the wanton woman.  Her own
orgasm had subsided.  She held her sex-slick fingers to his face.
He sniffed and sucked them.  His tongue played over her hand.  Then
he took her face in his hands and they shared a long french kiss.
Dave could taste himself in her mouth as his tongue fought with
hers.
     He looked her in the eye - like he was offering a dare - as he
lowered his lips to her cum covered nipples and sucked them clean.
Then he returned to her with the mixture, and they shared it in
another long kiss.  "God woman!"  Dave whispered, "You're fucking
great!"
     Dave and Vicki stood and washed in the warm shower spray.  His
hands played over her soapy-slick skin.  She rubbed her slippery
tits and body against his.  They frolicked in the spray for a few
minutes, mixing their ablutions with playful caresses in the
afterglow of their sexual satiation.  Vicki grabbed two thick
towels.  She threw one at Dave and exclaimed,  "I could eat a
horse!"  Toweling her fine body.  "Come in the kitchen for a
sandwich, when you're done.  My step-mother should be back soon."
     Dave nodded as he briskly rubbed the towel over his well-
developed physique.   He replayed the incredible events of the
morning.  He was sorry it was over.  He put on his cut-offs,
leaving his t-shirt by his tool box, at the back door.
 
The Hedonists Chapter 3 by Jonboy

     During lunch, Vicki's step-mother returned.  Vicki was wearing
her bikini - with its matching top -  which served to keep Dave's
mind and cock's attention focused upon her womanhood.  She
seductively rubbed her body against him while serving him.  They
traded grabs playfully.  They were discussing school when the
Vicki's step-mother walked in.   "Hi, Mom."  Vicki greeted.  "This
is Dave.  He's here to fix our plumbing.   I'm sorry I didn't know
what to tell him to do.  Dave, this is my step-mother, Denise."
     Dave stood and said hello.  This woman was another knock-out.
Denise was a raven-haired beauty.  She was only five feet tall, but
her body was perfectly proportioned.  In fact, her large tits and
flared hips accentuated her narrow waste.  She had large, sexy
eyes, full lips and short black hair.  She was wearing short shorts
with high hip slits to show her well shaped thighs, and a cut-off
t-shirt that barely covered her firm breasts.  The lower part of
her tits hung below the material, in an enticing fashion.  The top
had a low cut front and back.  Her full cleavage was well
displayed.  She wore no bra, and needed none.  She looked maybe ten
years older than her pretty step-daughter.
     Denise smiled at the brawny young man with a come-hither look.
Her eyes ran greedily over his frame and froze momentarily on the
thick bulge in his tight shorts.  She put the packages she held on
the counter, walked up to Dave, and held out a dainty hand.  "Nice
to meet to, Dave.  I'm glad Vicki's been taking care of you."  She
said as she winked at the stacked, blond woman.  "After lunch, I'll
show you the pipe that's leaking."  She moved gracefully around the
room.  Her sexuality was evident and inviting.  Dave didn't know
how to respond to this situation.  Both women were obviously
interested in him, and neither showed any hint of being the least
bid coy about it, even with the other around.
     He enjoyed watching both ladies move around the kitchen,
putting away the groceries Denise had bought.  Denise bent over
several times, showing him her ass and cleavage.  "I hope you don't
mind our sexual freedom, Dave."  The older woman explained.  "We
demonstrate our wants and needs openly, as a family.  Vicki's
father, Jim, is in Europe for a month, and I'm afraid we've been
left without male affiliation too long!
     "We usually don't wear clothes out here.  We bought this
property because of its seclusion.  We've always felt its better to
be completely truthful about our feelings and desires.  We have
kept a pretty good relationship.  Haven't we, honey?"  Denise
enquired as she hugged the statuesque younger woman.  Their tits
pressed together lewdly.  They kissed.  Dave saw their mouths open
for a quick French.
     Vicki smiled and kept an arm around the older woman's
shoulders,  her finger-tips grazed the stiff nipple of her step-
mother.  "That's right, Mom!"  She agreed.  Her own nipples were
fully erect.  Dave noticed a damp spot at the front of the thin
material of her white bikini crotch.  "I want you to know that I
really like Dave!  I've already had a little chance to get to
"know" him," she said winking, "and he's a very special man."
     The older woman's arm wrapped around her waist.  She placed
her hand just under the bulging material of her step-daughter's
skimpy bikini bra.  Her finger tips just resting on the skin of the
tit that refused to stay confined inside the tiny cup.  Denise's
tit was pressed against the young woman's side.  The material on
her top bunched, and her nipple was exposed.  Denise ran her other
hand under the top where it covered the other nipple.  The gesture
was natural - like scratching an itch.  He saw her fingers pinch
the hard nipple.  Then she slid her hand down her side, scratched
an imaginary itch at the crotch of her shorts.  One finger
disappeared slyly beneath the shiny, pink satin fabric.  A trail of
moisture remained on her olive skinned thigh when she removed the
questing digit.  Denise was looking directly into the young man's
eyes during this lurid act.  Dave's cock jumped in its tight
confines.  He was getting more and more aroused.
     "Well ladies,"  He commented.  "Don't worry about me.  This is
your home.  You do what's comfortable.  I usually don't wear
anything around my apartment either.  Besides, you both look mighty
nice, with - or without - clothes."   Dave got from his chair at
the table.  His stiff dick was trying to get out of his pant leg.
The head had this nagging ability to wiggle out for a peek.  Dave
nonchalantly adjusted the bunched material and slid his cock back
inside the shorts.  He smiled awkwardly.  "Denise," He asked, "How
about showing me your plumbing problem?"
     "Just follow me, Dave."  She replied huskily, as she swayed
her hips, walking down the hall.  She walked into the master
bedroom.  The cheeks of her fine ass peeked out from her satin
shorts.
     The room was plush.  The furnishings were more in the style of
a Nineteenth Century bordello.  The bed cover was red.  The back of
the door was padded with black leather.  The canopy of the king-
sized bed was a huge mirror, supported by four dark oak posts.
Dave noticed an array of dildos on the lampstand beside the bed.
As if she was embarrassed, Denise hurried to the lewd phallic
display.  She quickly grabbed the largest pliable, pink plastic
penis.  She tried to hide the twelve inch monster between her firm
tits.  "Oh! I hope you don't mind.  I've not had a man for two
weeks, since Jim left on his company's trip.  I didn't think about
having company today."  She said as she slid the huge cock down her
front.  She pressed the tip against her crotch before she opened a
drawer and slid it inside.  She swept the other three or four
dildos in the assortment into the open drawer.  Jim noticed a damp
spot at the crotch of her pink shorts.  As if nothing had happened,
she led him into the bathroom that adjoined the suite.
     Jim stood behind the pixy-like woman.  She bent over at the
hips and opened the cabinet doors under the vanity.  "I've noticed
the drain leaks under here, Dave.  Could you take a look?"  She
asked - still bent over - her ass pressed against his thick crotch.
The thin material of her satin shorts parted her labia.  She looked
over her shoulder at the young stud.  His eyes were staring at her
hips.
     "I'd be happy to, ma'am."  Dave responded huskily.  He really
liked Vicki.  He felt like he'd be betraying her if he fucked her
step-mother, but this bitch was begging for it.  The scene in the
kitchen suggested that this family didn't mind sharing openly.
Dave's own philosophy was that of hedonism, however, he had found
few other people that could cope with the idea of sharing openly
and freely with other sexually.  They stood still for a moment.
     Denise wanted this young man badly.  Her need was at its peak.
She had her hair done this morning.  The young man she patronized
was the best at the salon.  His boyish features turned her on.  She
had been trying to seduce him shamelessly for a year.  He enjoyed
her attempts, but was a dedicated homo-sexual.  Denise thought it
was such a waste to limit one's sexuality in such a manner.  Now,
in spite of her blatant attempts to lure the young service man,  he
would not make the first move.  She decided she was going to get
some cock today, and this man was going to service her, if she had
to rape him.  From the size of the bulge in his pants, she didn't
think that she was going to have to go that far.
     She moved to the side to let him crawl in next to her, under
the cabinet.  Dave took out a flashlight and looked at the p-trap.
A drop of water had formed under the curve of the stainless steel
pipe.  Dave's hand shook slightly.  In spite of the fact that he
had fucked a beautiful woman shortly before, he felt his need grow.
The older woman's body scent filled the confined space around them.
He was attracted to it like a drone to the queen bee.  "Uh..."  He
stammered, "Yeah, I think I see the problem."  He quickly slid out
of the cabinet, bumping his head on the low frame.  "Oops!"  He
exclaimed clumsily, rubbing his head.
     Denise followed him.  "Did you hurt yourself, Dave?"  She
asked.  "Here, let me take a look..."  She held his head in her
hands and pressed his face between her tits, as she pretended to
look in his thick hair for an imaginary cut.  Dave's cheeks rested
between the deep valley of pleasure at the juncture of her firm
breasts.  He inhaled deeply.  His face was flushed with excitement.
She released him slowly.
     "I think I'll be alright.  Thanks!"  He mumbled.  If his cock
got any tighter in his pants, he was going to faint from the pain.
He reached for a wrench, climbing back under the vanity.  "I'll
have this fixed in a few minutes, but I'll have the water off in
the sink until I'm done. Okay?"
     When he received no answer, he peeked out to see the woman had
disappeared.  He reached into his shorts and adjusted his monster
hard-on for best comfort.  He jacked the throbbing member a couple
of strokes to try to help relieve his sexual tension.  It didn't
help.
     He continued with the repair to the plumbing.  Unaware that
the little dark-haired minx had returned.  She admired the firm
outline of his manhood.  She liked his well-muscled body.  His
broad, bulging chest reminded her of a weight-lifter.  "Do you lift
weights, Dave?  She asked suddenly.
     Dave jumped.  He hadn't heard her return.  "Yeah.  Uh...I'm on
the swim team at State U."  He continued with his repairs.  A sheen
of perspiration had formed across his expansive chest.
     Denise knelt over his prone form.  Her face was inches from
his groin.  She inhaled his manly scent.  Her red tongue flicked
out over her lips.  Then she disappeared again.
     Denise moved over to the bidet.  She had removed all her
clothes and squatted over the porcelain fixture.  She had a
collection of shaving materials on the little stand beside her.
She playfully diddled her pussy, with her fingers.  Her clitoris
was unusually large.  The little nub looked like a miniature penis.
It protruded from the puffy lips of her sopping pussy.  It was an
angry red knob of flesh about an inch long.  She trapped it between
two slender fingers.  Her cum was close.
     The sexual genius in her wanted to wait to take advantage of
the young stiff cock only a few feet away.  She had been using
practically everything else in the house, since her lover, Vicki's
father, had left.  Denise lathered the pink mound of her sex with
shaving cream.  She kept herself completely bare.  A short stubble
had appeared, and needed to be removed.  She felt the nudity of her
sex enhanced her sexual pleasure.  She slowly spread the slippery
white foam over her pubic mound and down the crack of her full ass.
A dibble of her sexual juices ran out of her vagina and mixed with
the cream.  She played with her stiff nipples.  Her aureoles were
also firm and protruded out from the firm mounds of her breasts.
The brown circles that surrounded her nipples were two inches
across.  She closed her eyes imagining the young stud's flaming
cock jammed into her tight little pussy.  A quiver of sexual thrill
flooded her crotch.
     About the time she had covered her little pussy with the white
mixture, Dave finished and slid out of the hot cabinet.  His mouth
dropped in surprise at the lewd sight of the elfish woman shaving
herself.  One of his fantasies had been to eat and fuck a bald
pussy.  He had always kept his own body completely shaved (except
for his head).  Even his cock and balls were nude of any hair.
Many of his partners found this rarity to be pleasing.  Dave stood
and turned on the water in the repaired sink.  He washed his hands.
He bent down and looked under the sink to check his work.  Then he
closed the cabinet doors.  He looked at the lustful woman displayed
before him.
     "My husband usually takes care of this detail.  You seem so
handy, do you think you could help me shave my little pussy?"  She
asked with a wicked smile.  One hand kept massaging the white foam
between her legs, and the other tweaked her stiff nipples.
     Dave unsnapped and unzipped his shorts.  He had decided to
fuck this woman.  He lowered his pants slowly.  His cock slid into
view.  The long, hard member bounced lazily before the woman's
face.  With its freedom, the sexual member gained its final massive
dimensions.  The head peeked out from its protective skin.
     The combination of Dave's hairless groin and his uncircumcised
cock drew Denise like a fly to honey.  For a moment, she forgot her
own throbbing need.  She wanted to worship the young man's cock.
She bent forward and sniffed his essence.  The her little tongue
snaked out to lick the clear droplet of precum on its tip.  The
monster lept suddenly at the touch of her probing taster.  Her
tongue quested around under the cock skin.  She licked his massive
length, and smooth balls.
     Dave pressed her back on the bidet.  He knelt between her
perfect thighs.  He rinsed the safety razor, and began to shave her
tender parts carefully.  He shaved her mound, and the soft skin
around her vagina.  He made sure to get between the sloppy folds of
her sex.  His thick fingers found the little hard-on that was her
clit.  His cock jumped at her unusually large size.  He kept the
little woman's giant clit trapped between his fingers as he
stretched her pussy lips to shave the remaining fuzz around them.
Dave lifted her legs over his broad shoulders.  He shaved her tight
ass crack.  He took the foam can and spread a dab directly on her
anus.  She wiggled with delight.  Her eyes were locked on the
movement of his ministrations.  Dave shaved her crack.  When he was
finished he stood and prepared a warm, wet wash cloth.  His cock
bobbed maddeningly before her - just out of her reach.  She admired
his manly form.
     Dave returned to lightly wash the remaining foam from her
crotch.  He slowly ran the soft cloth over her ass, anus, and
pussy.  He took special care to pull back the sheath that
surrounded her clitoris, and washed it completely.  Denise's eyes
were closed in rapture.  Her pussy was leaking a continuous flow of
sexual cream.
     Dave paused to put the shaving materials out of the way.
Denise kept her eyes closed.  Her breasts heaved with her excited
breathing.   Dave slowly lowered his mouth to her crotch.  He
kissed the pink mound.  His tongue bathed the area until it was
slick with saliva.  The wanton woman squirmed with lust.  Soft
moans of delight escaped her heaving chest.  She spread her limbs
wide to allow the young man full access to her pulsating privates.
He deliberately allowed his saliva to drool from his open mouth
over her crotch.  His spit covered her from her pubis to her anus.
His questing tongue played along the pliant lips of her steaming
snatch.  He flicked the loose folds of flesh with brief strokes of
his taster.  Her juices dribbled out of the lower end of her cunt
and collected at her wet ass hole.
     Dave's hands were busy fondling her firm mammaries.  He
pinched and rolled her stiff nipples.  She hunched her pussy at his
handsome face, trying to get her yearning crotch to make contact
with his tongue.  He slurped his way past her gaping womanhood.  He
lapped at the sensitive skin between her pussy and ass hole.  Her
aroma filled his head.  His cock throbbed between his muscled
thighs.  His tongue brushed her anus and ringed the soft mounds
that flanked her musky hole.
     As soon as Dave's tongue touched her pulsating pooper, Denise
released the lip she had been biting, and began a stream of oral
filth designed to urge her young lover's lewd efforts and help her
cum.  Her erotic language was as practiced as her love making.
Denise enjoyed every aspect of eroticism.  She had practiced and
was fluent in virtually every type of erotic behavior.
     "Yes!"  She hissed, twisting her hips to present herself to
him fully.  "You fucking stud, lick my ass hole!  Eat that ass,
slave.  I want your fucking tongue in my brown eye, now!"  She
commanded.  Dave, however, simply rimmed her ass, and continued his
oral sodomy at his own leisurely pace.  His tongue slithered back
toward her pussy.  His avoidance of her sexual slot and clit were
maddening.  "Suck my pussy!  Suck my pussy!  Suck my pussy!"  She
commanded.
     Dave stopped his mouth action.  Her hands were twisted in his
curly hair, trying to force his mouth onto her sex.  He waited,
looking at her straining figure and face, until she calmed and
freed his head.  He stood before her suddenly.  His cock flopped
lewdly, inches from her lust filled eyes.  Her mouth was partially
open, her tongue poised on a pouting red lip.  "No, bitch!"  He
countered.  "I'm the fucking Master around here!"  His voice was
strong and unwavering.  "I'll decide when and if you ever get
fucked again!  Look at my cock, you whore."  He commanded, taking
his manhood by the root.  His balls dangled beneath his big fist.
He jacked his iron rod slowly.  The head was less than an inch from
her face.  Her eyes were locked, wide upon the instrument of her
doom.  "Look at my cock.  I know you want it.  You want to suck my
uncircumcised penis.  I should shove this monster up your sweet
little ass, bitch.  You don't deserve it in your pussy!  Maybe I
should fuck your ass!"  Her eyes glanced up at his demonic grin.
She felt a tingle in her ass hole.  Her butt involuntarily tipped
toward him in submission.  "You want me to fuck your little ass,
don't you, slut?  You want me to fuck you till you cum!  Maybe I
will.  Maybe I should fuck your ass and let you lick your nasty
shit from my fucker after I cum, bitch!  Is that what you want?
You want to suck my cock and lick my balls?  Do you want to eat my
ass hole?  Maybe if you take good care of your Master,  he'll let
you sit on his beautiful cock.  Would you like to have this cock in
your tight little pussy?"  He pulled the foreskin back until the
slippery pink head was fully exposed.  The tip was exceptionally
soft and sensitive from its protective covering.
     Her whole being was focused upon his giant sex and crude
words.  She loved to mix aural sex with her other sexual asides.
Obviously, this young man was also a master.  "Oh yes, Master!"
She whimpered.
     "Yes Master what, whore?  Tell Master what you want!"  His
rich baritone was imperious.  He slapped his prick against her soft
cheeks and chin.
     "Master,"  She asked demurely, "Please fuck my little ass!
Oh, fuck my mouth!  Fuck my pussy!  Fuck my tits.  Let me have your
sweet cock!"  She begged.  Her hands slid from her own tits to his
thighs, and began slowly inching toward his groin.  He slapped his
dick on her exposed tit.  The slime from his cock head splattered
on her nipple.
     "What do you think you're doing?  You fucking sperm bag.  I'll
tell you what you can do.  Get on your hands and knees, bitch.  I'm
going to fuck that tight little ass hole of yours.  You'd better
not cum or I'll punish you.  Wait!"  He commanded.  "Lick my cock
and get it lubed up for your poop shoot!"  He slapped the flesh
snake at her open lips.  Her tongue captured the tube of stiff
cock-flesh.  She sucked the sexual delicacy into her hot mouth.  In
moments her saliva had coated it thoroughly.  He pulled it away
from her.  She quickly dropped to the floor, and raised her cute
ass for his delight.  Dave bent and ran his long tongue over her
ass, and up her anus.  He straightened and pushed the tip of his
cock into her hole.  Her experience became evident when he easily
slid into the tight orifice.  "Umm!"  They murmured in unison.  He
fucked her little butt-hole with long, tender strokes in spite of
his rough verbiage.
     At heart, Dave was always the consummate lover.  He always
tried to please his partners.  He'd never had any complaints.  His
sexual success was always a mystery to his male friends at school.
Dave wasn't outgoing, but the women always seemed to prefer his
quiet, strength and stability.  Many refused to date anyone else,
after he had went out with them.  The seemed to prefer waiting
until he had an opening in his busy schedule, rather than date
"just anyone."  In spite of the grilling he regularly received from
his buddies, Dave never mentioned his sexual prowess.  He only
smiled cryptically.
     "Oh, Dave Baby!"  The corn holed woman grunted as his big
balls slapped her pussy lips.  "This is too much!  If I don't
faint, I'm going to cum!  I'm going to cum now...!"  She thrust her
cock-filled butt tight against his groin.  His manhood was lodged
deep in her burning bowels.  Her orgasm exploded as his hands found
her firm tits and mauled them mercilessly.   She danced around,
impaled on his mighty organ.  Her clutching anus tugged at Dave's
cock, nearly causing his own orgasm.  He held his body still until
the little woman stopped her lewd gyrations.  She slumped to the
floor, his cock popped out of her ass.  The ass hole stayed open
for a few seconds.  It winked shut as she regained her composure.
     Dave stood over the petite beauty, admiring her relaxed
femininity.  His cock arched angrily out of his crotch.  Denise
grabbed the wet wash-cloth nearby, and washed his cock and balls
thoroughly.  She rinsed his sex with her mouth and saliva.  She
began a smooth, deep-throated sucking of his penis.  The long,
thick limb slid easily down her throat.  He felt her soft tongue
flicking his balls and cock with each stroke.  Denise slid two
fingers into her own sex, to keep her fires burning.
     Dave rested a hand on the back of her head.  He also caressed
the smooth bareness of her neck and shoulders.  His eyes closed in
sexual luxury.  Denise knew the young man was close to cumming in
her ass.  She was amazed with his staying power.  She thought he
and Vicki had probably fucked before she got home.  His cock tasted
and felt so good in her mouth.  She liked to capture the
uncircumcised head, and slip her tongue under the foreskin.  It was
almost like french kissing.  Except the tongue of her lover (the
cock head) was much thicker.  She sucked on his penis like a calf
seeking its mother's milk.
     The expertise of the older woman's wanton action soon had Dave
ready to deliver his seed into her waiting mouth.  "I'm going to
cum now, Darling."  His said quietly.  His thick thigh muscles
bulged.  His testicles drew up tight in his scrotum.  She pulled
his cock out of her mouth.  Her tongue kept up the steady rhythm on
the sensitive head as her expert hands jacked the steaming load
down the blue-veined shaft.  She felt his mighty blast of cum cream
pulse in her dainty hand.  The first load went straight into her
open mouth.  Dave watched the torrid display.  A huge glob of
milky-white cum shot from his cock.  His balls felt like they were
ripping open with the pressure of each spasm.  The next shot of
love juice was directed at her slightly open, but pursed lips.  She
had quickly swallowed the first salty load.  The second sprayed her
pouting lips.  Her tongue lewdly smeared the sperm over her lips.
She released the throbbing cock.  It jumped with sudden release,
and continued for several more huge spasms.  Cum splattered on her
lust-filled face.  It dribbled on her tits.  And the final shot
merely drooled from the spent tip of his defeated manhood.  She
greedily slurped up the grotesque glob of cum that hung from his
penis.  She looked into his semi-closed eyes as she rolled the
mixture over her tongue.
     She stood - her mouth open slightly - clearly displaying the
lewd mixture of her spit and his cum.  She wrapped her tiny arms
around his neck, lifted herself, and slid his still-hard manhood
into her sloppy cunt.  Her mouth and tongue found his.  They shared
their cum.  He could taste his own saltiness.  She smelled her own
muskiness from his oral ministration to her ass and pussy.
     Even having cum so quickly, both partners were so aroused,
they immediately began an impulsive fuck.  She wrapped her legs
around him.  He held onto her ass.  They worked together, standing.
His cock slid into her snatch.  Their position brought all her
weight to bear directly onto her stiff cock-like clitoris.  Her
vagina came alive.  Her internal muscles were extremely well-
developed.  She sucked his cock with her pussy.  In a matter of
moments, they came once more.  His cum burning into her tiny pussy.
Her cunt juice covered his hairless balls.  They stood quietly
leaning against the tiled wall.
     Finally, his cock began to diminish.  "I didn't know if you'd
ever get soft, Lover."  She smiled.  Giving the young man a quick
peck on the lips.  She slid off his firm body.  Her hand tenderly
clasped his manhood.  "I really needed that service call.  Please
cum again, and often!"  She teased.  "Why don't you lay down for a
bit, Dave?"  She mentioned as she led the sex whipped young man to
her king-sized bed.  He fell into the plush bed without comment.
His eyes closed in satiation and exhaustion.  Denise lovingly
trailed her fingers lightly over his body.  Her pussy twitched with
excitement.  She left to get a drink.

The Hedonists Chapter 4 by Jonboy

     Denise stood at the sink reflecting over her eventful
afternoon.  She hadn't heard anything from Vicki.  She looked out
to the pool - where the young woman usually had been spending her
days.  Vicki was not there.  She wandered - nude - back to her
step-daughter's room.  The cool, air conditioned air made her
nipples hard again.  Her pussy mound had goose bumps.  She rubbed
the little prick of her clit lovingly.
     Denise peeked into the open door of her step-daughter's room.
The young beauty was stretched out languidly on her bed.  She had
been taking a nap.  The covers had drawn away from exquisite
figure.  She lay on her back.  Her large, firm breasts thrust up
proudly.  Her long fingers rested casually in her blond haired
crotch.  The tip of one finger lay on her clit.  The older woman
was drawn into the room the totally innocent sexuality of the young
woman's pose.  The young blond's face had a rapturous smile.  "I'll
bet I know who she's dreaming about!"  She thought.  Her own pussy
was soaked with the juices of renewed sexual excitement.
     She sat down beside the blond's prone form.   Denise slowly
pulled the covers completely from her step-daughter's perfect body.
She softly stroked Vicki's skin.  Her fingers grazed the sleeper's
breasts and nipples.  She slid her palms over the young woman's
thighs and legs.  As her hands slid up the blond's legs,  the
napping girl automatically opened her legs.  In her dreams, Dave
was making love to her.  Her hairless pussy lips opened with
anticipation.  Denise could smell the heady scent of Vicki's sex.
She drank in the view of her sexuality.
     As Denise lightly stroked the young woman's sex, she bent down
to lick a stiff nipple.  Vicki arched her back, as -in her dream -
Dave suckled at her breast.  Vicki felt it would be perfectly
normal for Dave to do anything he wanted to her, and her to him.
She had fallen in love totally with the young man.  Her body
responded to her wet dream and her step-mother's expert technique.
     Denise had wanted to make love to this incredibly sexual
creature since her wonderful husband had brought her to their home.
Their relationship had always been close.  They had talked many
times of their sexual experiences.  Vicki's father was an excellent
provider and an exceptional lover.  Vicki seemed to always fall
short of true sexual fulfillment.  Denise thought it was shame the
young woman could not find a lover to meet her needs properly.
Many times, as they stood nude doing the house chores, she had
wanted to drop to the younger woman's pussy and eat her to a
screaming climax.  But she had never felt the freedom to pursue her
fantasy.  Although the blond had never flinched at any of their
"teasing" no matter how blatantly sexual.
     Now, however, Denise could not resist the opportunity that lay
before her.  Her own beautiful step-daughter lay open and
available.  She lowered her mouth to the blond snatch.  Denise
inhaled the heady aroma of aroused womanhood.  Her tongue played
lightly over the folds of her daughter's pussy.  The wet lips
parted, inviting her questing tongue within.  Vicki arched her hips
toward her dream lover's mouth.  Her hands gripped the bed spread.
Then they found their way to her aching nipples.  The sleeping sex
kitten squeezed her bursting breasts.  One hand slid down to hold
the back of her lover's head - guiding it to her secret place of
need.  In her dreams, Vicki felt something was wrong.  Her lover's
face was too smooth between her lewdly spread legs.  Even with the
profusion of her vaginal lubrication.  Her lover's hair was not the
thick, curly mass she had experienced earlier.  His love, in the
morning, had been indelibly etched upon her memory engrams.
     Slowly, she began to waken.  Her step-mother kept the
exquisite feeling going in her needy cunt, unaware that Vicki was
on the edge of consciousness.  Vicki's eyes opened languidly.  She
looked down, expecting to see her lover, Dave.  Instead, she saw
the sylphish form of her step-mother!  Vicki's mind instantly swept
to her own secret fantasy of making love to the older woman.  She
had wanted to get together.  Now, unexpectedly, her fantasy had
come true.  She was too far gone in her sexual delirium to pause
for formalities.  Her orgasm washed over her with her true
recognition of her lover and her overlay of Dave's similar love
making.  She began moaning loudly for Denise to keep eating her
pussy.  Her orgasms wouldn't stop.
     Dave was napping shallowly in the older woman's bed.  He had
heard the soft moans in another room.  His resting mind had already
keyed his body into sexual stimulation.  His cock had begun to
harden.  At Vicki's orgasmic cry, he had awakened.  He stood and
followed the lewd sounds to the blond girl's room.  The sight
before him was incredible.  Both of the women he had fucked were
laying in the bed, naked.  The little dark-haired minx was eating
the angelic blond's pussy like there was no tomorrow.  His cock
leaped in his groin.  The older woman's pussy was fully exposed to
his view.  She even had a finger buried in the little slot!
     As the young woman continued to moan, Dave slipped onto the
bed and slid his fully formed organ into Denise's wet snatch.  She
began to cum as soon as he was completely sheathed inside her body.
He only had to stroke her once.  Denise raised her head from
Vicki's cunt.  "Oh fuck me!  I'm cumming!"  And she did.
     Vicki opened her eyes to see Dave kneeling behind her step-
mom.  She smiled at him wickedly.  "I see you and Mom are hitting
it off well, Sweetheart!"  She encouraged.  I hope you don't mind
our little frolic."
     "Not at all, Lover."  Dave said, as he withdrew from the older
woman's spent body.  His rampant cock stood proudly before him.
Denise rolled lazily off her step-daughter's prone figure.
     The little, dark-haired woman grabbed his throbbing manhood
with one hand, and Vicki's pussy lips with the other.  She guided
the man's cock into her step-daughter's cunt.  She pressed on his
ass until their coupling was complete.  She reached beneath his
dangling scum-filled balls to massage the point of their sexual
union.  She liked the slippery feeling of their sex.  Her fingers
ran around Vicki's cock-stretched vagina lips.  The young lovers
began their natural rhythm.  His strokes were long.  His cock
bottomed out against the opening of Vicki's uterus.  Denise drew
her sex slick fingers to her mouth and tasted their love.  It was
sweet.  The youths embraced.  Their mouths and sex were joined.
They frenched wildly as his cock pounded into her pussy.
     "Wait a minute, darlings!"  Denise interrupted.  "You both
look and feel fantastic, but I can think of something even better,
if you'd let me direct you."  Her face was flushed with renewed
excitement.  The couple didn't really want to disengage, but they
both loved Denise and knew she had something special in mind.
"Vicki," she directed, "turn over on your hands and knees.  Don't
worry about loosing Dave's fantastic cock.  I'll make sure it
doesn't slip out of your pretty pussy!"
     Dave and Vicki adjusted slowly to the older woman's
directions.  She held the base of his manhood and Vicki's cunt
lips, so that Vicki was able to spin slowly on his prick without
loosing him.  The feeling was incredible for Dave.  They all moaned
with excitement.  Vicki was on her hands and knees in front of the
Adonis.  His cock was firmly imbedded in her hot cunt.  Denise
weighed her step-daughter's tits in her hands.  She caressed them
both.  No area was too private for her oral or manual
manipulations.  They re-established their unhurried rhythm.  The
elfish woman slid under the buxom young blond.  She suckled at the
dangling breasts, lightly nipping the hardened tips.  Vicki watched
with abandon.  Her cunt was full.  Her step-mother slid under her.
The older woman's hairless snatch stopped direct beneath her face.
Her bursting breasts touching Denise's smoothly tanned skin.
     The next sensation the young couple experienced was
indescribable.  Denise slowly began to lick and suck at their
sexual union.  She licked Dave's cock as it slid in-and-out of her
sexy daughter.  She slurped Vicki's pussy lips and clit.  The young
woman's sex extended when he withdrew and bunched as he slid into
her deeply.  They both began to moan appreciably.  Denise smiled
and redoubled her oral assault.  Their juices united in a unique
flavor she found especially pleasant.  Her own finger quested into
her clasping cunt.  Her need was rising too.
     Vicki's eyes had closed when she first felt her step-mother's
tongue on her fucked pussy.  She had never experienced such intense
pleasure before.  It took a moment for her to keep from cumming
instantly.  She wanted to savor this feeling.  Her pussy juice
literally poured from her seething snatch.  When she opened her
lust-filled eyes, she saw her step-mother madly frigging her
snatch.  It only seemed natural to Vicki to respond in love to her
dear parent's need.  She lowered her mouth to the bald pussy.  She
had never sucked another woman's snatch.  Her fantasies and wet
dreams had been filled with such hedonistic thoughts.  Her actions
were quite natural.  Denise had hoped for such a response for her
burning pussy's sake.  What had started as a slow and lazy fuck,
soon became a sexual frenzy for the three lovers.  Denise, by far,
was the most excited.  She began to cum as soon as Vicki's expert
licking found her clit.  She reciprocated by sucking Vicki's normal
node.  The blond quickly blasted into orgasmic orbit.
     Dave's cock tingled when Vicki's pussy clutched it in sexual
release.  He slammed into her snatch a couple more strokes and
began to cum.  As Vicki's orgasm subsided, Denise pulled the man's
exploding organ from her vagina and thrust it into her own gulping
gullet.  The older woman greedily swallowed his whole load.  As his
cock diminished with release, she sucked her step-daughter's pussy
clean of their combined juices.
     They disengaged slowly.  Denise shared her bounty with both of
the young people in a lewd scum swapping kiss.  Their tongues
spread the juices around.  Their hands caressed each other
tenderly.  All of them were beginning to get a little sore form all
their pleasure.
     Dave stood and helped the women up.  "I really must go
ladies."  He stated unhappily.  I want to thank you for your
hospitality.  I'd like to call on you again, if I may."  He said,
looking at Vicki.
     "When?"  Asked Vicki, coming right to the point.  She had no
intention of letting her new-found lover get away.
     "Good for you!"  Thought Denise.  It was about time her step-
daughter found a real man worthy of her.  "You're welcome anytime,
Dave!"  She said aloud.  "You just charge us for the whole day.  It
would be worth twice the price to find an unusual man like
yourself.  In fact, wait here a minute..."  She left quickly.
     Dave took Vicki in his arms.  "How about tonight, beautiful?"
He bent and kissed her before she could respond.  Their young
bodies merged in a tender embrace.  He could feel his strong libido
begin to respond.
     Vicki pushed him away lovingly.  She could feel the heat in
his loins building again, but she wanted a nice cool douche to
relieve her slightly over-worked pussy.  She was out of shape for
this type of activity, but she thought she'd soon be ready for
anything this young man offered.  "I'd love to, Darling."  She
smiled, sweetly.  "How about picking me up here at 7:00?"  She
offered.
     He stroked her arms and slid his strong arm around her hour-
glass waste.  "How's pizza sound?"  He asked as they walked to the
kitchen.  He picked up the clothes that were strewn along the way.
     "Great, Dave!"  Vicki giggled.  "I'll be ready."
     Denise entered the room.  Her tight body bounced sexily as she
handed the young man a crisp one-hundred dollar bill.  "Here's a
tip, son.  I want you to come or "cum" anytime.  And I mean
anytime!"  She winked at the happy couple.
     Dave said goodbye to the women and loaded up.  There was just
enough time to get back to shop and fill out his paperwork before
they closed.  He couldn't wait to get back to see Vicki.  As he
drove along the country road back to town, he reflected on the
eventful day.  There were certainly many interesting possibilities
in his new relationship with the beautiful blond and her sexy step-
mother.  He wondered how Vicki's step-father responded to living
with such a sexually super-charged pair of females.

The Hedonists Chapter 5 by Jonboy

     Dave entered his apartment and threw his clothes into the
laundry hamper.  His muscular body looked fine in the full length
mirror of the bath.  He flexed his various muscle groups.  He
showered and shaved, and spent time to shave his cock and balls.
His ass crack and crotch were baby smooth when he finished.  He
dried off and returned to his bedroom nude.
     On the way, he noticed his room mate, Tom, had returned.  Tom
was an unusual sort.  He was also an exceptional athlete.  Tom was
the captain of the gymnastics team.  He was attending State U. on
a full scholarship.  Tom was small but well built.  His body lacked
the massive rippling muscles Dave had, but he was very supple.
Dave had seen him perform amazing feats of flexibility in some of
his tumbling routines.
     Tom stood at the counter in his bikini-cut briefs.  Tom seemed
to be embarrassed of his excellent physique.  The unusually long
lump in his light blue briefs always was a point of curiosity for
Dave.  Tom never went on any dates, either.  Dave thought many
women would love to get to know a young man with his exceptional
equipment.  "Hi, Tom!"  He said, in a warm tone.  He walked beside
the smaller man, stretched up to get a glass.   "Oops! Sorry."  He
apologized, when his semi-hard cock accidentally brushed his room
mate's arm.  He had been thinking about his liaison, and the memory
was beginning to affect his thickening member.  The touch of his
friend made the flesh tube jump.
     Tom didn't try avoid the manly contact.  "Oh, don't worry
about it, pal."  He said, flippantly.  "Looks like you've finally
found a hot date?"
     Dave smiled, sheepishly,  "You wouldn't believe it, Tom!  I
think I'm in love.  I'm sorry, but I think my cock thinks so too!"
He exclaimed as his penis continued to grow to its very respectable
proportions.  As he retrieved the glass from the shelf,  his
tumescent member brushed against the smaller man's chest.  Dave
felt an unusual attraction to his room mate, that had never
manifested itself before.  He attributed his sexual arousal to
Vicki and Denise.  He filled his glass at the sink, allowing the
water to run a bit to cool down.
     As he stood looking out the window - his mind on his plans for
tonight - Tom opened the cabinet under the sink to get something.
Dave didn't notice his friend's actions until Tom "accidentally"
brushed his cock with his face as he leaned under the sink.  The
soft contact brought Dave's attention to his unusual circumstances.
Tom fiddled with something beneath the sink, for a few moments.
Dave's cock and balls would touch the tanned skin of his arm or
back as he bent over.
     For the first time, Dave began to consider the fact that his
handsome room mate might be gay.  Tom knew quite well what Dave's
sexual inclinations were.  He had caught Dave and a date in sexual
situations more than once, and had always responded coolly.  He
never hurried out of the room, and Dave was never really sure how
long he had been watching.  He realized now that his friend had
always been attentive to him, whenever he was around.  Tom would
stop whatever he was doing and watch Dave exercise and dress.  Dave
wondered if the reason Tom never went naked around him was because
he was sexually aroused.  "Could Tom have a crush in him?"  He
thought.  One thing was certain, no one wanted to be labeled "gay."
     Dave, however, had no such compunctions.  Dave was a hedonist.
He enjoyed all sorts of relationships.  He understood his room
mate's hesitation at not wanting to chance rejection or exposure.
His quick evaluation of their relationship revealed he had always
liked the smaller man.  He had admired Tom's well-carved body.  And
that enigmatic bulge in the young blond-haired athlete's shorts was
interesting too.  His cock flexed anew at his sexual thoughts.
Dave decided to test his theory with caution.  He leaned forward as
if to refill his glass.  His brawny body was straddling the
squatting form of his room mate.  Tom was now on his knees beneath
the big man.  His shoulders were just below Dave's crotch. His head
was partially in the cabinet, but his face was turned toward Dave's
throbbing manhood.  Dave's mighty cock was inches from his boyish
face.  Dave could feel Tom's hot breath as the younger man blew a
soft stream at his crotch.  Dave's legs were on either side of his
friend's compact form.  His balls dangled temptingly before the
young gymnast.  Still Tom did not respond openly.  Dave moved back
for an instant and saw Tom's gaze was locked on the weaving and
bobbing of his giant penis.  He knelt motionless, afraid to move.
Dave saw the long bulge in the young man's shorts had grown longer,
but not thicker.  Tom's cock peeked out of the skimpy material.  It
was at least ten inches long, but only about an inch thick.  Dave's
manhood was eight inches long, about two inches thick.  Dave
noticed his cock head was peeking out of his foreskin at the blond
man.  A drop of sex dew had formed on the end, and Tom licked his
lips.  The tip of his tongue was less than inch from the fully
hardened penis.  The second time Tom licked his nervously dry lips,
Dave leaned forward, as if to see something out the window.  His
cock head brushed his buddy's taster. Neither man moved for a
moment.
     Tom knelt beneath the big man quietly.  He could smell the
soap from the shower.  He could also smell his manhood.  The big
man's cock waved lewdly before his face.  He had waited a long time
to get this close to his room mate.  Many times he had bent over
his friend's bed as he sprawled, nude, after a bout of sex with
some coed.  He had sniffed the rich aroma of the body builder's
cock and ass.  He had never dared touch his friend.  His fantasies
had caused him to cum quickly as he jacked off over his sleeping
buddy.  Now, for the first time, he felt it might be possible that
his dreams would come true.
     His friend's penis brushed his lips.  He touched the precum
droplet on the head with his wet tongue.  The cock was not
withdrawn.  Tom slid forward and began covering the beautiful penis
with soft kisses and long wet licks.  As his soft, moist mouth made
contact with the big man's cock, Tom moaned in ecstacy.  He
hungrily devoured the throbbing manhood that thrust against his
face.  His slobber and Dave's precum slime coated his lips and
cheeks.
     He moved out from under the cabinet, keeping the bigger man's
cock in his mouth.  He sucked greedily on the giant sex snake.  Tom
pulled his own penis from its tight confines.  It had lengthened to
its nearly eleven inches.  In some ways it resembled the genitalia
of some exotic beast.  It curved up in a graceful arc.  The long
member was smooth from tip to balls.  The doctor that had
circumcised him, as a baby, had taken care not to scar his penis.
Tom stroked his slender penis slowly as he savored the taste and
feel of his friend's stiff dick in his throat.  He was an oral
expert.  Dave's cock slid easily into his gulping gullet.  The
fullness in his mouth and throat was exquisite.  He tenderly
caressed his lover's balls, running his hand back over the taller
man's firm ass cheeks.
     Dave did not realized how exotic and erotic making love to his
young friend was.  In a matter of minutes he felt the seeds of his
orgasm building in his thrusting loins.  Tom's slender finger
quested into his ass hole.  The odd sensation sent him over the
edge.  He lovingly held the blond head of his room mate still, as
he began to fuck his throat.  "Fuck, man!"  He strained.  "I'm
going to blow my nuts!  Do you want to swallow it?"  His deep voice
was a bare whisper as he tried to control the tide that was
building in his testicles.
     Tom answered by pulling his buddy's ass toward his face.  In
essence, he was fucking his face with his friend's cock.  The large
penis slammed into his throat.  He paced his breathing with the
strokes.  His tongue flicked the hairless balls as they slapped his
chin.  His middle finger invaded his room mate's ass deeper.  Tom
felt his own seed boiling in his scrotum.  "Umm!"  He grunted
lewdly.  His cock head brushed the thick calf on Dave's right leg.
The sudden touch brought him over the edge.  He deep-throated
Dave's cock.  He began swallowing hard.  Suctioning the sperm from
the big man's balls.
     Dave leaned into the little man and emptied his overworked
nuts into his sucking mouth.  Several blasts of his sex slime
squirted into the younger man's mouth.  Tom shot his huge load all
over Dave's leg.  He was like a sex-crazed dog, hunching his
master's leg.
     Finally, their climax subsided.  Tom hesitantly allowed Dave's
cock to slip from his sperm covered lips.  He picked up his big
buddy's leg and slurped his own scum from it.  He smiled at his
friend.
     Dave pulled him from under the cabinet and shut the doors.  He
hugged the taut body of the gymnast to him.  Tom softly caressed
the big man's cock and balls.  "I didn't realize your feelings,
Tom."  Dave said quietly, looking into his room mate's eyes.  "I
don't want you to think I've been teasing you all this time."
     "Oh, Dave."  I loved to watch you.  "I'm just glad you finally
realized me."
     "Shit, buddy, with your body, who wouldn't realize you?  Just
answer one thing, pal.  How come you never go naked like me?"
     "I'm a little embarrassed by my cock, Dave."  Tom started.
"And almost every time I see you naked, I get hard!  I've always
been afraid to let people see my penis, since all the kids in
junior-high made fun of me.  My cock grew funny."  He looked down
with embarrassment.
     "Tom, have you ever had a date with a woman?"  Dave enquired.
     He shook his blond head.  "I would die of embarrassment!  I
wouldn't  want to have a girl go crazy when she saw my cock!"
     "Oh, they'd go crazy alright, pal."  Dave smiled.  "Most women
I know would love to have sex with a partner who's penis is
unusual.  It's considered a real turn on.  Let me ask you.  Are you
gay?"
     "Yes"
     "Have you had any problem with your male partners rejecting
your oddity?"
     "As a matter of fact, they seem to be attracted to it, Dave."
     "I think you'd find most women would be also.  Why don't you
take off those damn shorts, so we can both be comfortable?"  Dave
encouraged.  He bent over and pulled the back of his little buddy's
shorts down, exposing his cute buns.
     "I didn't know my clothing bothered you, Dave."
     "I just feel better, when I'm naked, if everyone else is too.
I want you to know, Tom, that I am not gay.  Some people might
think I'm bi-sexual.  Really, I like to think of myself as a
hedonist.  I don't bother with phony labels and categories.  I
think all creatures were meant for pleasure.  I believe all types
of sex are enjoyable, as long as one is not damaged mentally or
physically.  I would encourage you to rethink your own philosophy,
Tom.  But do it later.  Right now I've got to get ready for my
date!"
     Tom looked at the big man sideways.  "Do you think you'll be
alright, Dave?"  He asked, wondering if he'd be able to perform
well for the lady.
     "Don't you worry about me, pal!"  Dave responded.  "This is
one very special lady!"  He turned to go to his room to dress.
     Tom followed, naked, and unashamed.  His cock did not deflate
after his magnificent orgasm.  He stood and watched his friend
dress, absent-mindedly stroking his long, slender phallus.  A drop
of cum worked its way up the long tube and gathered at the tapered
head.  Tom wiped the cum glob up with his thumb and licked it up
like a ice cream.  He smiled dreamily at his new lover.
     Dave was too busy to notice Tom.  He washed his cock in the
sink of his bath and quickly dressed for his date with Vicki.  He
wore no underwear.  He wanted nothing to deter from any prospects
with his lover.  His black slacks bulged at his groin.  The
material was tight across his buns.  His white silk shirt was open
to mid-chest.  His well developed pectoral muscles were displayed
in the deep vee of the shirt.  The shirt was tapered-cut,
accentuating his narrow waste and hips.  He wore sharply polished
black loafers.  His naturally curly hair was under a modicum of
control, but retained its natural beauty.  He left, bidding his
buddy goodbye.

The Hedonists Chapter 6 by Jonboy

     After her afternoon delight, Vicki rested.  She napped and
read a romance novel.  From time to time she dreamily rubbed her
throbbing clitoris or burning nipples.  When it was finally time
for her to get ready, Vicki showered and douched.  She put on a
white nylon mini-skirt.  She stood in front of her full-length
mirror, admiring her dynamite body.  As she turned, she noticed her
ass crack and crotch were outlined sexily through the shear
material.  Her breasts thrust out proudly.  Vicki had also decided
on wearing no under garments.  Her long, tanned legs contrasted
vividly with the white cloth of her skirt.  The skirt had a habit
of slowly creeping up her thighs.  The bottom of the skirt was only
a few inches below her crotch.  If she was seated, her pussy was
clearly visible.
     She put on a white, cut-off, sleeveless top, with a deep vee
neckline and bare back.  The only difference between this garment
and a bra was this was not supportive or confining.  She thought
about wearing a tiny bikini top, but thought she might feel a
little uncomfortable in a public place.  This top barely covered
the bottoms of her large breasts.  Its low cut exposed the upper
breasts, almost to the nipple.  The dark aureoles were partially
uncovered.  Except for the thin strip that held the front together,
her cleavage was clearly visible.  The sexy top allowed almost
complete visual access, depending upon the direction of the viewer,
and easy manual access.  The material was light cotton.  She new
that if she perspired or got wet, it would be nearly transparent.
     She was bare wasted.  Her sandles were also white.  She
brushed out her long blond hair.  Vicki applied enough make-up to
accent her stunning facial beauty, but not enough to cause her
discomfort if she hot.  She was already getting "hot" just thinking
about what she and her lover might do together.  For contrast and
accent, she wore a deep red lip gloss.  Her hot clothing would let
Dave know exactly what she expected of him.  She was sure he would
respond correctly.
     When she walked out into the kitchen, a few minutes before
Dave was due to arrive, her step-mother noticed her sexy attire.
"God, girl!"  She exclaimed with a wicked leer.  "That poor boy
will throw you down and fuck you as soon as he sees you, in that
outfit.  You don't want to give him a chance, do you, honey?"
     "Oh, mother!"  Vicki responded with a smile.  "You're just
jealous cause you want to fuck him too!"
     "You got that shit straight, sister.  You don't have to go
out, you know.  You could stay here and relax."
     "Now mom, I'd like to have a little time with my man before
you try take him away from me."
     "Vicki, darling, your father and I are very happily married.
We have a special relationship, which I have no interest in
changing.  I like your new friend, and thoroughly enjoyed fucking
him, but I like you both.  I want you to be happy, and I think this
man is special.  I know you do too.  Don't worry about your old
step-mother stealing your man.  All you have to do is say the word,
and I'll stay away from him, but I won't like it."
     The women hugged lovingly.  Denise was nude, as usual.  Her
face was even with the blond's cleavage.  She laid her head in the
deep vee.  Her daughter's perfume was quite alluring.  Vicki held
her step-mother close.  Her hand ran over the smooth satiny skin of
the her back.  Their mouths joined in a long, slow french kiss.
Their tongues flitting in the other's moist mouth.  Both women were
flushed and excited when they finally broke their embrace.
     "I liked sharing our love with you mom."  Vicki said demurely.
"I have always fantasied about making love with another woman and
a man.  It was better than I imagined.  I have to admit, I've had
some hot thoughts about you too."
     "Well that goes double for me.  I could never get enough nerve
to approach you sexually.  But when I saw you sleeping, and knew
you were having a wet dream, I lost my head!"
     "I'm glad you did.  Now we can have a truthful relationship."
     The women embraced briefly.  They truly loved each other.
They parted just as Dave pulled in the driveway.  Vicki went to the
door to let him in.  Denise followed.
     When Dave walked up to the door, he was met with a stunning
sexual sight.  The younger woman's attire was designed to
completely arouse and stimulate her lover.  She was dressed in such
a way to barely cover her privates, but hinted of her sexual need.
His manhood responded immediately, by filling the space in the
front of his slacks.  Vicki's pussy clamped in response to her
seeing the sexy young man.  His physique was elegantly clad, but
well displayed.  She noticed his thickening cock. Dave saw that
Denise was nude.  Her little body was perfect.  Somehow it seemed
only natural that she should be naked.  Anything else would somehow
detract from her natural beauty and womanhood.  She leaned against
the door admiring the ensemble the young man had selected for the
date.  Her nipples thrust out in arousal at his sexy aura.
     The strong young man kissed the blond deeply.  His hands
rubbed her ass through the thin material.  He grasped both
buttocks, lifting the short skirt.  His fingertips grazed her warm
ass hole and pussy lips.  He pressed his crotch against hers.  She
responded by parting her thighs, slightly, and hunching back.  Her
breasts were mashed into his muscular chest.  Her nipples felt like
little pebbles between them.  Her sexual juices began to flow.
Although their tongues met, he was careful not to destroy her
makeup - that would cum later.
     Denise walked up beside the handsome couple.  Her eyes were
aflame with lust and pride.  They were perfectly matched - like two
models.  She couldn't help including herself in their embrace.  Her
little hand sought out the big man's groin.  She pressed her firm
breasts into their sides.  She slid a hand between the embracing
couple to fondle her step-daughter's bulging milkers.  They paused
only briefly to adjust to her addition to their embrace.
     Denise soon had Dave's fully hardened organ exposed.  It
protruded pornographically from his trouser fly.  Her little hand
jacked his manhood merrily.  Dave slid a hand from one of Vicki's
tight ass cheeks and cupped the dark-haired woman's nude ass.  His
thick fingers slid into her musty crack.  He pressed his middle
finger into her anus, while his first finger slid into her dripping
snatch.  The horny woman did a lewd dance at the end of his thick
arm.  She had exposed one of Vicki's breasts, and proceeded to
nurse on the younger woman's mammary - like a hungry infant.
     The young couple continued their lust-heated embrace.  Denise
intentionally brushed the young man's bloated cock head over her
step-daughter's wet vagina.  Vicki had tilted her pelvis to make
better contact with Dave's cock.  Dave was thrusting his hips
toward the horny young woman with a fucking motion.  Denise held
the thick monster tightly.  The head disappeared and reappeared as
the foreskin covered and uncovered it.  A clear drop of pre-cum had
formed on the tip.  Denise revelled in her total control of the
situation.  She loved the feel of the power her sexuality had over
other people.
     Denise knew the young couple would soon be ready to fuck, and
didn't want to destroy their plans for a date.  She felt they
needed to get to know each other in ways besides sexually.  She
broke her suction on the young woman's angry red nipple.  She held
the young man's pulsating penis firmly still.  She ceased her own
gyrations on his fingers, reluctantly pulling her body from their
triangular embrace.  "Hey! You guys better get going, or I'm going
to fuck you both right here on the door step."  She said with a
grin, as they broke their french kiss.  "You'd never get to go out,
at this rate."  The couple separated enough to repair the damage to
their clothes.  Dave took Vicki's hand, and led her to the car.
They waved as they got in.
     "I won't wait up for you, Vicki."  She stated, as she rubbed
her pussy lips.  "Have a good time, and don't get arrested!"  She
laughed and walked back to her bedroom.  The young lovers' embrace
had ignited her sexual fires.  Not that they ever fully went out.
She was thinking about her assortment of dildos.


     She sat at the bar, on a tall stool, proudly displaying her
body.  She never bought a drink.  Her several admirers kept her
well-stocked.  She gladly danced with a man, occasionally.  She
allowed a quick feel or fleeting tongue-swap in the dimness of the
smoke-filled bar.  After midnight, the crowd had thinned and five
young men came in for a drink.  They were an amateur basketball
team who had just won an important tournament game.  They were
excited and loud.  They came to the bar, casually surrounding the
sexy woman as they placed their orders.  Denise could smell their
recent showers and manly odors.  Their cocks hardened when they
began to notice the dark haired sex goddess seated among them.   The
ball team introduced themselves, closing in around her.  They
casually touched her shoulders, arms and neck as they drank and
chatted.  She returned their touches by teasingly grabbing a bun or
exposed crotch.  She ran her little fingers over a bare bicep or
chest, complimenting their builds.  The men were handsome.  They
were all different.  They were all horny.
     Denise sat in the middle of the group.  As they realized the
black-haired vixen was not afraid of them or repulsing their sexual
advances, they became more bold in their attempts to seduce her.
Little did they realize, Denise was in full control of a situation
they would not soon forget.  Denise spread her legs slightly.  Her
zipper had receded to her waste, exposing her bare pussy to their
lust-filled gazes.  One man grabbed a firm breast.  Another
followed suit.  Another unbuttoned the blouse so they could all
see.  The other men slid their hands over her legs.  Each one
alternately fingered her seeping snatch.  The little corner of the
dim bar became thick with sexual intensity.  No one could see the
little woman, outside the circle of athletes.  Denise moaned as a
tall-blond man bent down and kissed her fiercely.  His tongue
duelled with hers.  She was grabbing and fondling more man-meat
than she had ever seen in one place before.  She broke the kiss and
said,  "I think we could get a lot more comfortable, if we had a
hotel room."
     Her suggestion stopped the men.  They had been hoping for a
quick feel, or something.  But none of them had ever dreamed they
might have a chance to be with such a beauty.  They quickly paid
their tabs and left for the seedy hotel across the street.
     Denise entered the room.  A king-sized bed filled it.  She
flicked on the TV and a skin flick blared.  A young woman was
getting fucked in the mouth and ass at the same time.  Denise stood
in front of the TV absently rubbing her exposed pussy.  "Umm."  She
murmured.  "Have any of you boys ever done that?"  She looked at
the men while her little fingers slid into her hairless pussy.
     They quickly undressed.  She told them to be careful, she
would take care of all of them.  She slowly stripped to the sounds
of the moans and groans of the trio, fucking in the skin-flick.
She squeezed her tits, and rubbed her aching nipples.  She left her
stockings and heels on.  The men were naked and sat on the chair,
bed and floor.  She danced luridly before them.  They would grab
her dripping pussy or a stiff tit as she whirled by.  She stopped
to press her fragrant cunt to one handsome man's face.  His tongue
bathed her super-heated clit.  Another big man held her shoulders,
his cock dangling before her face.  Two men fondled her firm
breasts.  She lifted her legs over her oral friend's shoulders.
The last man cradled her ass and back as they lifted the little
pixie carefully to the big bed.
     Denise grabbed the thick cock of the giant that held her
shoulders.  She sucked his penis into her throat, greedily.  She
felt two mouths suctioning on her swelling tits.  Hands covered
every inch of her needy body with loving caresses.  Her large clit
pulsed in the young man's lips.  As the giant in her mouth erupted
his seed into her throat,  her body went into sexual overdrive.
Her pussy needed a cock.  The big man shivered as he pulled his
prick from her lips.  The man who was sucking her snatch knelt and
slipped his cock into her burning pussy.  One tit sucker stopped
and rubbed his cock head over the saliva slick milker.  His buddy
watched as the big dick pressed against the stiff nipple.  Those
that weren't fucking the woman, slowly jacked their rods, awaiting
their turns.
     The second man dumped his load into her mouth.  She swallowed
greedily.  The third man blew his nuts into her pussy.  She
followed with her second orgasm.  The two remaining men ceased
their tit sucking and fucking.  One was the center for the team.
He picked the little woman up easily.  He slammed her cum filled
hole down over his huge cock.  He lay on the bed on his back.  The
woman bounced on his long pole.  Her tits flapped in his face.  He
sucked one into his mouth.  He could taste his partner's precum on
her slick nipple.  "Here,"  He grunted as he licked a thick finger
and slipped it into her ass hole,  "Fuck this horny bitch's ass,
man!"  He ordered spreading her cheeks.  Her butt hole winked at
the small basketball guard as he knelt behind her flaring ass.
     The smaller man spit on his hand and rubbed it on his cock for
lubricant.  His partner's big cock thrust into the little woman.
She was taking it all!  He bent forward and sniffed her clenching
anus.  She smelled rich.  He licked her rosebud ass hole.   His
mouth and tongue were nearly touching his big buddies bruising cock
as it hammered into the sex-wild woman's cunt.  He licked at the
foam that gathered around her hairless snatch.  Then he shifted
forward until his cock nudged her butt.   She adjusted her hips to
take on the new intruder of her little body.   He watched with
wonder as his penis slowly slid into the cock filled woman.  She
sat almost upright.  Both men fondled her tits.
     The smaller man straddled the large man's legs.  She pressed
down and was filled with cock fore and aft.  The other men were
recovering at the lewd sight before them.  The first man to fuck
her throat stood before her and presented his hardened member to
her lips for a rerun.  She sucked his cock.  He held the long sex
snake steady for her.   The little minx sucked his cock like an all
day sucker.  She used her hands and legs to control her thrusting
hips, as she continued to fuck herself on the two cocks beneath
her.  Her crotch burned with the sexual heat the was building
between her legs.
     The other two men crowded in at the nymph's sides.  They held
their stiff dicks in their hands.  Their cock heads brushed her
bulging cheeks as Denise sucked on the massive member that was
lodged in her throat.  Her lips were pressed against the big man's
hairy balls.  She could smell her lipstick and his cum on his
crotch.  The men underneath the bouncing woman supported her as she
grabbed the throbbing cocks that thrust at her from the side.  They
felt her tits and belly.  Her smooth skin tingled from their
massaging.  She jacked two men, fucked two men and suck the last.
They all began to groan and heave with sexual abandon.  Within a
few minutes of this demented menage, they began to cum in and on
the orgasmic female.  The smell of their sperm and her sexual
lubricant began to fill the room, replacing the smell of stale
smoke and drying cum.  Cum splattered her lips and face.  Cum
splashed over her upturned tits.  Cum jammed into her vagina.  The
pussy mixture ran down the man's shaft and dripped on his partner's
balls.  The last man dumped his seed into her burning shitter.
     The sexual odyssey continued until she had drained the
basketball team of their cum.  They left her sprawled out on the
cum covered bed spread.  Her jaws ached from the continuous oral
sex she had been administering.  Two of the smaller men had tried
to fuck her face simultaneously.  Her ass had been fucked
repeatedly.  Her pussy dripped with several loads of cum.  She lay
in a daze, dipping her cum-sticky fingers in her satiated slot, and
sucking the slimy mixture into her bruised lips.  Her tits were
swollen from sucking, squeezing, biting and fucking.  Her mind
reeled from the sensory overload of all the positions, sensations
smells and tastes.
     Denise's thoughts slowly returned to her current status with
her faithful pooch, as he flicked her still-hard clitoris.  After
Duke finished lapping her crotch clean, Denise showered and dressed
to go out to her favorite club, an exclusive establishment which
featured total freedom of sexual expression.  Denise attended the
club frequently.  She looked forward to the uninhibited excitement
she experienced at the club.  She dressed in the same attire that
had attracted the basketball team.  Her pussy throbbed, once again,
in anticipation.  She had never been disappointed.

The Hedonists Chapter 7 by Jonboy

     The sex club was at the back of a regular bar.  The front was
a real scuzzy joint.  The bar smelled of stale beer.  The patrons
leered at Denise as she flounced through the smokey room.  She did
not avoid the rough hands and fingers that pinched her firm ass and
groped her perky tits.  One stiff digit thrust brutally into her
damp little pussy.  She stopped while the owner slowly withdrew the
gnarled finger.  The tip was wet her dew.  The big, red-necked
trucker thrust his finger under his nose.  He gave a sniff, then
licked it lewdly.  Slowly Denise turned from the leering man and
walked to the door at the back of the bar.  The bar tender pressed
the release for the lock, and the woman went into the hidden room.
     The atmosphere in the Club was entirely different from the
dingy bar.  The appointments were plush.  The rooms were darkly
lit, but after a period of adjustment, one could see the lewd
scenes, both in expensive erotic art and sexual activities of the
members.  The few patrons that were clothed were well-dressed.  The
doorman greeted Denise with a knowing smile.  "Good to have you
again, Ms. Forbush."  He uttered in a low formal voice.  He bowed
before the sexy woman.  His formal tux contrasted with the nudity
of the patrons.  He and the bartender were the only club staff that
were fully clothed.  The Club employed men and women who served the
needs of the exclusive clientele.  The official title of the club
was "The 'H' Society".  The "H" stood for Hedonists.
     The Club was equipped to service the most outlandish whim of
its patrons.  There were sound-proofed rooms equipped with an
assortment of black leather devices for S & M and B & D.  There was
a large jacuzzi.  The rest rooms were lavish.  There were rooms
with one-way mirrors for those who wished to view others covertly
and those who wished to be viewed.  The society maintained several
masseuses, who were trained in several disciplines of massage, both
erotic and relaxive.
     There were several rooms decorated with exotic scenes for all
types of fantasies.  There was the Jungle Room, the South Sea
Island Room, the Prehistoric Room, and several others.  With a few
days notice, a member could reserve a room, and specify a special
decor for a slight honorarium.  The Club used several professional
services to maintain and remodel the facilities.  Usually, the
principles of these services were members of the Club.
     The Club had an extensive erotic video library.  The multi-
channel sound system allowed patrons to select their favorite music
in each room or environment, with or without erotic sounds in the
back-ground.  There was a fully equipped studio for recording video
sexcapades.  The dance floor looked like some of the state-of-the-
art discos in town.  Flashing lights, throbbing rhythms, blaring
rock music blasted the writhing bodies of the nude dancers.
Patrons were pampered and encouraged to enjoy themselves with each
other or the staff as they felt the need.
     Each member paid a large monthly fee for Club upkeep.  The
staff were tipped liberally for their expert services.  The tips
were charged to the member's account.  A member was allowed to
invite a limited number of "guests," one at a time.  The member was
totally responsible for maintaining club security and making sure
each guest conformed to the "rules."  An additional charge was
incurred with each guest invited.
     The bar was fully stocked with the finest beverages.  There
was no charge for the drinks, but the bartender did receive tips.
The bar tender maintained a watchful vigil over his precious
charges, making sure no one exceeded their limits.  Intoxicated
quests were immediately asked to leave, and a taxi was provided.
The doorman was a large man who took care of any "difficulties"
with ease.  His expertise in the martial arts was legendary.
     The Club was housed in a large multi-story building that
housed the bar.  Other than the delivery and fire exits, there were
no other means of access to the private establishment.  The owners
had wisely included several politically powerful entities in the
charter membership, virtually eliminating any interference from the
less liberal citizens in town.  Outside of the exclusive
membership, and a few elite "guests," no one in the community had
any inkling of the existence of the Hedonists Society.
     Over the years, the membership had grown.  Even those members
who had moved away had maintained a special "absentia" member
status at a slightly reduced rate.  The exclusive services offered
by the club were well worth a special trip once or twice a year.
The Club format had been "franchised" and several satellite
"Societies" were meeting in other well-known cities.  A member was
allowed to visit these establishments with the same privileges.  A
"visiting" member had to make an appointment to attend a "meeting"
before access was granted.  This allowed Club management time to
check out the visitor's credentials.  Members were expected to make
a reservation for a Club visit, with the exception of the several
big events to which all members were invited.  Reservations allowed
the atmosphere to remain intimate and uncrowded.
     There were few rules at the Club.  One of which was that no
person would force another to participate in any activity they did
not want to be included in.  No one was allowed to destroy property
or injure anyone on purpose.  Erotic behavior that might get
"messy" was limited to special purpose rooms that were designed for
ease of sanitation.  Members that abused guest privileges or became
intoxicated habitually were asked to resign.  The staff had full
authority to take control in situations that threatened the idyllic
atmosphere the Club had worked so hard to achieve for its patrons.
Members who abused the rules had their memberships reviewed at
board meetings.  Fortunately, the screening process was such that
few incidents of this nature ever occurred.
     Denise signed the register and went to the long mahogany bar
for a Margarita.  Several members came by to greet her.  Club
greetings ranged from friendly handshakes to french kisses and oral
sex.  As she sat on the edge of the bar stool, her legs were
parted, exposing her hairless pussy.   She sipped her drink, while
surveying the activities in the Club.  There were several couples
on the dance floor performing dances that made the Lambada look
like a high school prom.  One couple in particular were quite
striking in their rhythmic but sensual moves.  The man and woman
were both matched in size with athletic builds.  Their moves were
mixed with long french kisses, sexual petting, deep penetration,
and oral sex.  Several single members and staffers danced for the
patrons that reclined around the mirrored dance floor.  People
wandered from place to place sampling the erotic situations like a
grand buffet.  Lovers of all shapes, sizes, ages and sex mingled
alone or in groups around the plush Club.
     Denise noticed a tall man named John, amble in from the
private sector of the club.  She caught his eye.  John walked to
the bar and placed his hand upon her bare thigh.  He kissed her on
the lips in greeting.  His fingers deftly found her soft, moist
sex.  His kisses trailed down her cheek and throat to the open
front of her netted blouse.  Keeping a hand in her hunching crotch,
he swept aside the transparent material to feast his eyes and lips
upon her breasts.  She wantonly thrust her chest forward to allow
him better access to her aching nipples.  The tall blond man was
naked.  His long hard penis stood proudly.  She quickly unbuttoned
her blouse and unzipped her skirt.  These she handed absent-
mindedly to the barkeep.  A female staffer took them to her
assigned locker.  As John's head moved down her taut belly, she
lifted and spread her legs.  His mouth found her stiff clitoris and
sucked greedily upon the bulging center of her sexuality.  He
lifter her easily onto the slick bar.
     Another woman, standing nearby, was watching the erotic scene
with obvious pleasure.  She noticed John's cock pulsing with
excitement as he bent over to minister to the little sex goddess.
This woman was a stately brunette.  Although in her fifties, her
body was well maintained.  Her tits were nicely formed and had
little droop that was associated with age.  Her nipples were long
and hard.  Her aureoles were very red and quite large.  Her pubic
hair was neatly trimmed.  The hair cover only her mound.  Her
vagina lips were bare.  Her legs were long and firm.  She flicked
a nipple with one hand while frigging her cunt with the other.
     The brunette approached the bowing man from behind.  She began
to stroke his back, hips and thighs.  Her hands found his dangling
balls and lightly stroked his long man-hood.  She knelt at his ass
and licked his firm cheeks.  Her tongue quested into his musty
crack.  She soon found his puckered anus.  Her eyes watched the
younger couple as he continued to french the woman's sex.
     Denise lifted her legs over John's shoulders.  His nose
nestled against her clit when his tongue fucked into her steaming
snatch.  Her juices ran down her thighs and over her tight ass
hole.  John thrust a finger into her pussy until it was slick with
her sex juices, then he slowly pressed it into her pouting butt
hole.  Denise closed her eyes, and leaned back against the slick
wood of the bar.  Her tits thrust upward, beckoning for attention.
She moaned in lust.
     Joan, the older woman, worked her way between the tall man's
strong thighs.  She licked and sucked his hairy balls.  The tip of
her tongue found the root of his cock.  She slowly pulled his penis
down between his legs until the tip was accessible to her sucking
mouth.  The tip of his cock was slick with precum.  She lapped and
sucked his throbbing knob.  She alternated between sucking his cock
and licking his ass hole. John renewed his efforts on Denise's
sweet pussy.
     A staff member noticed the ensemble that had formed at the
bar.  Denise was one of her favorite patrons.  Vanessa was a tall
black woman.  Her proportions were amazonian.  She was an exciting
contrast to the little white woman, when ever they matched for sex.
In spite of her size, Vanessa was adept at reading the mood of the
partners she was involved with, and blended masterfully.  She
sensed the gentle nature of the trio's love making.  This was not
a brutal fucking that sometimes happens when partners have
developed a long overdue need.  This was the sex of experts that
have been recently satiated, but require the finesse and nuances of
deft manipulation and exquisite sensory fulfillment.  Vanessa knew
this at a glance.
     She climbed up on the stool next to Denise.  Her long ebony
fingers softly tickled the smaller woman's breasts.  Denise's eyes
opened a slit as she felt the expert touch of her friend.  She
smiled dreamily, basking in the glow of the total oral ministration
of the blond man worshipping at her venus mound.  John's mouth was
now including her anus in his oral adventure of the sprite.  Denise
moaned as Vanessa lowered her thick red lips to a turgid pink
nipple.  The negress nursed at the firm white breast.  She sucked
avidly.  Her sucking was like a nursing baby, seeking its mother's
milk.  Vanessa had developed the ability to allow her own milk to
flow at her own disgression.  She loved to suckle her own huge
melons.   Her milk was a special bonus for her patrons.  Vanessa's
smooth chocolate colored cheeks concaved as she suckled Denise's
bulging mammary.  Her pink tongue flicked the hard nipple.  Denise
lovingly cradled the amazon's head as she gazed upon the contrast
of Vanessa beautiful face and her smooth breast.  Occasionally, her
suckling lover tried to suck her whole tit into her sucking maw.
     John's tempo at Denise's gushing groin increased as the older
woman's oral assault upon his manhood began to build a fire in his
loins.  He slid two fingers into the tight little snatch.  His
suckling on the wanton woman's oversized clit duplicated the
amazon's suckling at her breast.  He concentrated on the miniature
penis.  His head bobbed as if her was sucking cock.  A third finger
was probing her anus.  The juices from the little woman's drooling
vagina lips coated his fingers for lubrication.  He opened his eyes
to see his partners' wanton activities.  He used his free hand to
pet the black beauty that had joined the party.  His hands hefted
her milk-filled tits.  When he squeezed the turgid nipple, a squirt
of creamy liquid dribbled over his fingers.
     Joan's nose was buried in the blond man's puckered anus.  She
loved his heady mustiness.  His thick cock slithered in and out of
her lips. Her tongue snaked out as far as she could stretch.  With
her face pressed into the handsome man's ass, and her tits mashed
into the back of his hairy thighs, she displayed her butt for
anyone to see.
     The torrid scene soon attracted a crowd of admirers.  Another
man brought a stool around behind the bar.  Denise's head swayed
from side to side as it hung over the edge of the bar.  The short
man was slightly overweight.  His body was thick with muscle, also.
He was a dark, black-haired man.  His thick hair covered his body.
His cock was not very long, but it was thick.  The broad head of
his cock had a flared ridge that separated the head from the shaft.
The hole in the end of his penis was very large.  This was the Club
member known as the "Satyr."  His sexual exploits were well known,
because of his uncanny ability to cum numerous times, releasing
copious amounts of thick, pearly cum.  His control over his
sexuality was legendary.  He could fuck for hours, and had worn
many a pussy raw with his endless, bull-like thrusting.  The
Satyr's huge hairy balls dangled from the thick, black mane of
pubic curls that surrounded his stubby manhood.  He approached the
roman-like orgy with a leer on his swarthy face.  The Satyr could
not be considered handsome, by any definition, but he exuded some
unknown sexuality that women were hard pressed to deny.  His lewd
remarks to women were inevitably received with coy giggles and wet
panties.
     Satyr climbed up on the stool.  His groin was even with
Denise's face.  Her head hung over the bar.  Her eyes were
partially closed in sexual reverie.  She smelled the musky smell of
warm manhood, and took notice of the penis that moved toward her
parted red lips.  Her tongue flicked out to swipe the wet tip of
the dwarf's wide probe.  He flexed his hips, pressing his cock into
her mouth.  Denise's pretty kisser was stretched to maximum to
engulf the bulging manhood of the demonic little man.  His huge,
hairy balls bounced on her nose.  She could smell the residue of
several pubic aromas on his balls and cock.  "The Satyr has been
busy, tonight!"  She thought, sucking his wide prick to the root.
She held the wide rim around the head of his cock with her pearly
white teeth so he would not slip from her suckling maw.  He made
little rocking motions with his hips as he fucked the nymph's
pretty face.  His loud grunts and lewd directions to the group were
mixed with the soft moans of delight of the fuckers.
     "Suck my cock, whore!"  He ordered gruffly, his leer widening.
"That's it, big boy!"  He called to John,  "Eat her little pussy.
Suck her clit, man.  Fuck!  Look at this black bitch suck tit!"
His meaty hand caressed Vanessa's smooth cheek.  "Yeah, baby!
Flick that pretty pink tongue over this cunt's stiff nipple." He
leaned over to watch the older woman kneeling at the blond man's
back side. "Eat his ass hole, slave.  Stick your stinking tongue up
his shitter, woman!  Yeah!  Lick his balls.  "Finger fuck this
amazon you fucking cock hound!"  He commanded John, "Put your
fucking finger in her sloppy cunt.  Shit, bitch, present your sweet
black ass to the big man.  Don't you want a stiff finger in that
steamy twat of yours?  Fuck!  That's it cunt!  Bight my cock head.
Look at her go, folks!  Hey!  This bitch has got a free tit.  Who's
going to fuck this whore's nipple?"  He grabbed the bouncing boob,
and shook it at the crowd.
     For an instant, no one moved.  The crowd was frozen with the
lust of the scene.  The tempo of the sex partners changed as soon
as the Satyr took control.  John's mouth was pressing hard into
Denise's sweet vagina.  His fingers were buried inside Denise and
Vanessa.  There was an interesting contrast between the two women.
Both women gripped his fucking fingers with their intelligent
pussies.  His cock and ass hole were throbbing.  The older woman
was shamelessly fucking his anus with her stiffened tongue, while
jacking his penis in her hand.  Her other hand was buried in her
own vagina.  Vanessa slid her hand down beside John's, at the
nymph's crotch.  Her long black middle finger joined his inside
Denise's gushing gash.  Satyr pulled on the stiff nipple
mercilessly.  The breast elongated obscenely.  The nipple, held by
his stubby fingers formed a long, pointed cone.  She mumbled a
grunt around his thick, mouth stretching organ.
     When the Satyr offered the perfect tit for a fuck, Jennifer,
a small, thin woman who looked like a librarian, dropped her hand
to her hairless, wet vagina.  The Satyr's quick eyes saw the
involuntary movement.  He knew the reserved woman would never have
sex with another woman on her own.  She was too shy.  He had
accidentally discovered her unique sexuality.  She had buried
deeply her extreme sexual nature.  The Satyr had fucked her on a
whim, once.  As he began his usual degrading comments, the skinny
bitch had become a volcano of sexual fervor.  She had fucked him
ceaselessly for hours.  He fucked her in every hole and in all
types of positions.  The woman was almost his sexual match.  She
just needed that special "switch" to be turned on for her to start.
     "Come here, Jennifer."  He commanded, snapping his hairy
fingers.  Her eyes widened as all the crowd took notice of her for
the first time.  "Get your skinny ass up on this bar, bitch!"
The dish-water blond stood for a second.  Then she proceeded to
climb up on the bar beside Denise.  Her movements were like those
of a zombie.  Although Jennifer was thin and pale.  She was not
without sexual attractiveness.  Her lack of make-up and grace made
her seem undesirable.  The Satyr had realized her real nature.  Her
breasts were average, and had a little sag.  Her nipples were quite
large, almost like little sacks at the ends of her pale tits.  Her
aureoles were dark brown, wrinkled and huge.  They covered almost
one-third of her breasts.  The Satyr felt a woman's aureole size
was directly proportional to her sexual nature.  Her hips were
nicely formed.  Her long neck and thin limbs made her seem
ungainly.  Satyr didn't care.  He'd fuck her or anyone else that
would hold still long enough.
     As she climbed up on the bar, her pussy was on display lewdly
before the crowd.  Her huge vagina lips dangled distended in lust.
Satyr grabbed her by her blond bun, dragging her face toward his.
He crushed his mouth to hers.  His bushy, black beard and mustache
ground into her soft skin.  His long, thick tongue forced her thin
lips open.  He fucked her mouth with his taster.  His hand released
her bun.  Her hair cascaded over her shoulders.  The effect was
amazing.  She began to look much better, and her lustful nature
took control.
     She grabbed the hairy dwarf in a rush.  Her embrace nearly
pushed his cock from Denise's suckling mouth.  She frenched the
dark man shamelessly.  Her breasts swelled.  The aureoles filled
in, losing their wrinkles and turning a ruddy red color.  Her
nipples swelled.  The Satyr thrust a thick finger between the folds
of her cunt lips.  She covered his questing digit with juice.  He
placed her tiny hand upon Denise's free breast.  She felt the firm
mammary tentatively, at first.  Soon she was massaging and mauling
the pink tit with abandon.
     The Satyr jerked his finger from her sucking snatch with a
"pop."  Her hips were thrusting wildly.  He broke their deep kiss.
"Look at this, bitch!"  He commanded the bookish woman.  "His slimy
finger was right under her nose.  He touched her lips with the tip,
retracting it before she could lick it.  "Doesn't that smell and
taste good?"  He asked as her tongue licked her own cuntal
lubricant from her pursed lips.  She nodded coyly.  He rubbed the
finger on Denise's nipple, which protruded from Jennifer's
squeezing palm.  He pressed her head toward the wet tit.  Jennifer
fell upon the firm milker, sucking and licking her own sex mixture.
Denise's tit was soon completely covered with the thin woman's
saliva.  The Satyr had returned his thick finger to Jennifer's
gaping pussy while she fed upon the nymph's tit.  He lifted her by
her pussy.  "Now, cunt!"  He directed, strangling the cum that was
building in his lust filled balls.  "I want you to fuck this girl's
tit with your snatch."  Jennifer looked at the demonic man in lust
glazed confusion.  She could not comprehend his lewd suggestion.
     Vanessa had enjoyed tit fucking many times.  Her pussy clamped
on John's fucking fingers as she envisioned the lewd act.  She took
her fingers from Denise's vagina and grabbed the little woman's
free tit, forming it into a huge phallus.  The nymphet's cunt
juices coated the tit for lubrication.  Satyr turned Jennifer
around.  He directed her to squat beside the prone woman.  Her
pussy was suspended over the phallic breast.  He thrust another
finger into her pussy to get it wet.  Then he jammed it into her
ass hole.  Vanessa had noticed the skinny blond's anus was
"winking" open and closed in her sexual turmoil.  His rough act
seemed to stimulate Jennifer.  She was supported by his brutal
finger in her ass.  She sat upon the small woman's tit.  Her juices
flowed freely.  Soon they covered the whole tit.  She rocked back
and forth.  The finger in her ass and the tit in her pussy brought
her to the brink of orgasm.
     The torrid scene had driven many of the observing patrons into
their own little sexual vignettes.  The orgy on the bar had
proceeded to the extent that all the participants were ready to
cum.  The Satyr had masterfully led the group to orgasmic
readiness.  The first to cum was Joan.  She was always sexually
ready.  The smell of the sexy man's meat and ass, were all she
really required for completion.  Her fingers flashed over her clit
and pussy.  She sucked maniacally at the big cock in her lips.
     Jennifer quickly blasted into cum space.  She thrashed on the
end of the man's arm.  His thick finger was planted firmly in her
ass.  She pressed as much of the little beauty's tit into her huge
cunt as she creamed a steady flow of sex juice over the pseudo-
phallus.  When Vanessa felt the heavy flow of the surprisingly
sexual woman, she clamped her pussy down on the blond man's
drumming and wiggling fingers.  She sucked even harder on the wet
tit in her mouth, as she went through the throws of her orgasm.
The Satyr blasted his load into Denise's sucking mouth.  She
swallowed his cum blasts with delight.  Her own orgasm was touched
off by the evidence of her partners' pleasures.  John's addiction
to her huge clit finally paid off with dividends.  Even though she
had cum several times that day.  Denise's honey flowed onto his
lapping taster.  His cum boiled from his dangling nuts, up his
shaft and into Joan's waiting mouth.  His cum was sweet, and worth
waiting for.
     The group came almost simultaneously.  Jennifer rose from
Denise's breast.  She wiped the excess love juices from her
drenched pussy lips and licked the torrid mixture avidly.  Satyr
licked the remaining lewd mixture from her tit.  He slid his wilted
cock from her lips.  The crowd applauded the sensual performance,
and began to wander off for new entertainment.  Denise lay prone
across the bar.  Her breasts heaving in post-orgasmic excitement.
Both tits were slick with the juices of her partners.  Her body
glowed with the dormant sexuality.  The group began to get up and
leave.  John assisted Denise down from the bar.  They french kissed
one final time before going their separate ways.  He could taste
the Satyr's tart cream upon her tongue.  She tasted her own sex
honey on his.
     Vanessa took her by the arm and led her to the steaming
jacuzzi.  The amazon and the nymph made quite a picture as they
passed other patrons to the bubbling pool.  Both women were
perfectly proportioned for their size.  If anything, their breasts
and hips were slightly over sized, emphasizing the narrowness of
their wastes.  Denise draped her arm around the stunning negress'
waste.  Vanessa's arm circled the smaller woman's tanned shoulders,
cupping her firm tit.  They carried their drinks to the jacuzzi.
     When they arrived at the boiling pool, they found two handsome
young men sitting at the edge in a close embrace.  Both men's
features were fine.  Their bodies were thin.  They were very
attractive, but effeminate in build.  The red headed boy's cock was
large - perhaps eight or nine inches long.  His brunette lover's
cock was a little less than average.  Their embrace was very
erotic.
     The women slipped into the warm water across the pool from the
french kissing men.  They allowed the bubbling waters to help them
relax.  Both women watched the tender caresses and kisses of the
young lovers.  They allowed their hands to drift over one another's
bodies for light stimulation.  The young men continued their love-
making, unaware of their audience.  Their hands found each other's
hardness.  The women found the homosexual display interesting.
These weren't men who were crudely sucking and fucking.  These were
lovers who had began the tender art of love-making to each other's
bodies with elegance and finesse.  The women drifted slowly across
the bubbling froth, drawn to the erotic scene magnetically.
     As they neared the sapphic lovers, the little water sprite
floated over to the amazonian princess.  Denise slipped onto the
large woman's smooth back.  Her tiny hands clutched her friend's
huge chocolate tits.  She wrapped her creamy thighs around the
taller woman's tiny waste.  Her bulging breasts mashed against
Vanessa's broad back, as she embraced her.  A shiver of delight
went through both women as they continued to stare at the sweet
young men.
     The men's kisses trailed down their firm bodies until they
were both prone at the edge of the babbling pool.  Their heads
facing the other's feet.  Their mouths even with their lover's sex.
The oral coupling that followed seemed perfectly natural to the
observers.  Vanessa slid a pink-palmed hand between their slick
bodies and fingered the nymphet's bare vagina.  Denise continued to
caress the black girl's huge milkers.  They looked like a pair of
exotic water animals mating.
     The male lovers began to explore the privates of their partner
with hands and mouth.  Both men easily swallowed the other's stiff
cock.  The women found the oral sodomy intriguing and stimulating.
They watched the boyish faces of the sucking men as each fellated
the other.  Neither woman had seen many instances of homo-sexuality
that had been so loving and graceful.  The talented couple allowed
their intensity to build naturally.  They used their hands and
bodies to caress and stimulate.  Each fondled the other's sensitive
anus with a gentle fingertip.  The puckered opening clenched and
pulsed at the nether invasion.  Their soft moans and grunts
enhanced the ladies' lust level.  Their hips arched forward
rhythmically - to thrust into a suckling mouth, and back - to
impale their butt holes on the questing digit of their lover.
     The women climbed out of the hot water.  The coolness of the
tile floor around the tub, gave them a quick chill.  Nipples stood
proudly with coolness and lust.  Each one paired with a young man.
They brought their mouths close to the fellating man, and fondled
the hips, thighs and backs of the men.  Their full tits mashed
against firm man-flesh.  The women kissed the cheeks and lips of
the men.  But neither lover allowed the throbbing cock they suckled
to escape from the vacuum of their knowing lips.  The women teased
the exposed portions of the saliva slick cocks that slid in-and-out
of the young mouths.  They fondled the heavy, cum-filled balls.
Each woman thrust a stiff finger into a young man's ass hole beside
his lover's finger.
     The men began to respond to the insistent manipulations of the
more experienced women.  Rapid jerks replaced calm, smooth fucking
motions, as the lust-filled organs fucked deep down swallowing
throats.  Soon a slippery cock slipped out of the swollen, red lips
of one lover.  A greedy Denise sucked the flared glans into her
mouth.  She pulled her ass fucking finger from a male ass, and
grabbed his partner's now free face.  Her firm breast was pressed
into his mouth.  The nipple insinuated itself between his puffy
lips.  Neither young man had any experience with women.  The
newness of the situation was exciting.  The firmness of the older
women's directions made their transition to bi-sexuality easy.
     The amazon took even more control of her young lover.  She
grasped the cock from his lips and sucked it into her own.  As she
stared into the pouting eyes of the disappointed lover, she held
the long phallus between them and they began to share the man-meat.
Their lips and tongues slid over the long tube of flesh.  Their
tongues found each other's mouths.  They frenched each other with
the pulsating prick between them.
     Denise pushed her tit-sucking lover away.  Her nipple popped
from his mouth.  Her firm breast wobbled lewdly.  Spit shined
around the turgid nipple.  She guided the young man's head down
between her legs.  She continued to expertly jack the other man's
penis.  Her bare pussy was again dripping with anticipation.  Her
sex smell was intoxicating to the heterosexual virgin.  Just as
women's sexual odors have attracted horny men since time began,
Denise's sweet sex juice drew her lover's mouth to her sex like a
magnet.  His tongue searched her groin timidly, at first.  Soon he
was chewing on her exposed and pouting vagina lips.  His tongue was
fucking into her sex hole.  He found the sensation similar to his
oral sodomy of his boy-friend.  Except she was wetter and her pussy
allowed his stiff tongue in easily, but clamped down when he tried
to withdraw.  After the young man had become well acquainted with
her sweet pussy, Denise resumed her expert fellatio of his ex-
partner.  She opened her throat, allowing the long hard prick to
slide into her suckling esophagus.
     Vanessa peeked at her little friend, and felt the fire in her
own loins explode.  "That fucking bitch is the horniest cunt I've
seen!"  She thought as she pushed her young man down under her
cunt.  He had looked at his friend and his new cock sucker.  The
vision of their lewdness almost caused him to shoot his load.
Vanessa saw him tense, and grabbed his pulsating penis hard with
one hand.  With the other, she roughly clutched his nuts until his
orgasm subsided.  The young man submitted to her manipulation of
his head between her own musky thighs.  She shoved her burning
pussy into his face.  Her throbbing clit mashed against his nose.
His tongue shot into her juicing snatch.  He sucked her flow
greedily.  She sucked his penis, completing the chain.
     All four were orally gratifying the next partner.   Their
hands fondled each other.  The sounds of sucking and soft moans
surrounded the sensual quartet.  Vanessa's smooth ebony skin
contrasted vividly with the others.  The long pink phallus plunging
between her full lips and throbbing in her long throat as she
fucked her face into his surging groin.  Her nose buried deep in
his pubes and his balls bumped her chin.  Her pink tongue flicked
out over his wrinkled scrotum on the down strokes.
     Denise rolled her lover on his back, breaking the daisy chain.
She smothered her sopping cunt on his lapping mouth.  She lightly
pushed her friend, Vanessa, on top of the other young man.  Soon
she and Vanessa were locked in an embrace as they sat upon the
young men's faces, side by side.  The french kissing women smoothly
jacked the angry red cocks of their cunnilinguistic partners.
     The women switched partners.  But sat, instead, upon the young
men's throbbing penises.  They continued to fuck the men and kiss
each other.  The young ex-homosexuals were overcome by the
outrageous eroticism of the wanton women.  They fondled the firm
breasts and tugged on stiff nipples.  They also caressed and kissed
whatever was available from any of the foursome.
     Denise whispered some directions in Vanessa's ear.  The black
amazon smiled widely and nodded.  Denise sat up plunging her young
lover's phallus deep into her raging womb.  Vanessa stood up.  The
prick in her pussy popped free spreading her copious lubrication
over her partner's firm belly.  She offered him her hand and
assisted the sex dazed youth in standing.  The amazon guided the
boy toward Denise.  His cock bounced lewdly.  His balls were full
of seed.  Denise continued to grind her pussy on her own mount.
She rotated her hips on each down stroke to mash her bulging clit
against his pubic bone.  The lad felt as if his cock was being
sucked by a vacuum cleaner, as her strong vagina muscles milked his
flaming rod.  Denise grabbed the other youth's taut hips and guided
his cock into her wet lips.  She eagerly sucked and licked his
cock, tasting the black woman's juices and smelling her sex spore.
She slammed his penis into her throat.  Her body was building
toward a super climax.
     Vanessa kept her hands on her lover's ass, manipulating the
firm flesh.  A long black finger - freshly lubricated with her own
vaginal fluids - slid easily into his anus.  The young man rocked
forward and back as the women assaulted his cock and ass.  Vanessa
lowered her dripping snatch to the prone man's face.  He had been
touching her pussy and his buddy's balls.  Now he lay back as her
wide ass rested on his face.  His tongue flicked over her clit.
Then it plowed deeply through her vagina lips.  He swallowed her
copious flow, and probed her pink anus.  Vanessa rocked her hips to
allow him to continue the total oral manipulation of her seething
crotch.  She pulled her finger out of the other man's ass, and
spread his pale moon cheeks.  Her tongue vandalized his nether
opening.  Her black hands ran lightly over Denise's tits, tweaking
her stiff nipples.
     Denise felt her release build to incredible levels.  The cocks
in her pussy and throat were almost her ultimate dream.  She filled
her hands with chocolate tits.  She squeezed and rubbed the nipples
in time to her plunging.  In seconds, her orgasm exploded.  She
sucked and fucked madly.  The young men had never experienced such
wild abandonment in a partner, nor had they felt such erotic
stimulation.  The man sucking Vanessa's pussy and fucking Denise's
fiery cunt strained his cock deep into the little woman as he
blasted load after load of his sweet sperm into her sucking snatch.
His tongue was buried deep in Vanessa's black ass.  He had a finger
in her pussy.  Vanessa felt the ass hole of the standing youth
clinch, and knew hew was dumping his load into her friend's mouth.
She only wished she could taste his sweet load.  She fondled his
tight sack - further stimulating his release.  In seconds, she was
cumming in the face of the man on the floor.  He drank deeply from
her sexual flow.  His cheeks and nose were covered with her slime.
     The partners held for a moment.  Then Vanessa released her
lovers by standing.  She bent down and kissed Denise's sperm
covered lips.  The load had dribble down the corners of her pouting
mouth.  Denise rose slightly, allowing the softening rod of man-
flesh to slip from her satiated slot.  Denise frenched the black
woman, and surprised her by passing his seed - which she had not
swallowed - to her friend.  They swapped spit and sperm in a long
embrace.  The man's sperm began to seep from Denise's hairless
cunt.
     The standing man - who had been mesmerized  by the women's
embrace - noticed the slimy trail of his lover's seed.  He quickly
slid his head between her spread legs to cleanse her crotch of the
gooey mixture of their copulation juices.  Not to be left out, the
other man licked the last drool of cum from his friend's half-hard
member.   The women stood and smiled at the young men.  They were
now embracing again, as the women had first found them.  Their
sexual tensions had been released.  The women left the pair.  No
words had been exchanged.  Both women showered and dressed to
leave.    Denise's mind was spinning at the possibilities her step-
daughter's new friend presented in future sexual encounters.
Especially now that the barrier between her and the younger woman
had been released.  She felt a twinge of excitement in her tender
twat at her lewd thoughts.

The Hedonists Chapter 8 by Jonboy

     Dave and Vicky drove to Flash, the local bar/disco.  Flash had
a reputation for liberal consideration of its patron's activities.
As long as the police weren't involved or no one was hurt, almost
anything was allowed.  The local cops enjoyed free passes and
drinks at the nightclub, and tended to be very protective.
Although, on rare instances, the throbbing beat and heated loins
exceeded the self restraint of a few lusty customers.  These public
displays of sexuality were rarely very long, and always greeted
with wild applause and cheers.  The chance of witnessing such an
event kept Flash packed every night.
     Tonight's special show included the sexiest couple contest.
Contestants would compete on the stage with various dance acts.
The audience would choose the winner by applause for a $200.00
prize.  The nightly winners would have a chance to compete in the
big monthly contest for $1000.00.  The show started at midnight.
Dave and Vicky talked about the show and some of the couples they
had seen in the past.  They really hadn't planned to compete in the
lurid exhibition, but they both were horny and excited about their
evident compatibility.
     Sitting at a secluded table in the corner of the riotous,
throbbing nightclub, they exchanged short but daring caresses and
kisses.  Dave playfully slid his hand along her long thigh until
his fingers grazed her pubes.   He kept a long, light touch along
her smooth skin as his finger tips slid from her knee under her
skirt to her hot crotch.  His other arm was around her slim waste.
His hand rested on the exposed flesh of her flat tummy.  His hand
would occasionally cup and heft the globe of her breast as it
thrust her skimpy top forward.  His thumb would flick the
protruding nipple.  Whenever no one was near, Dave would alternate
his other hand up to Vicky's other breast.  Both nipples were
standing proudly against the thin material of her top.  Their
kisses grew longer and deeper.
     Vicky slid a tanned leg over Dave's knee.  This opened her
gaping, wet pussy to his playful touches.  It also served to cover
his raging hard on as she fished it from his pants.  Her slender
fingers caressed the steely shaft under the table.  She thrust her
tits into his hands as he caressed them.
     Vicky mentioned they should dance before they got too horny to
stop.  They adjusted their clothes, and walked into the swirling
mass of throbbing bodies.  Soon the rhythm had taken over their
sex-heated minds.  They moved to deafening beat of the rock music.
Vicky could feel the drum beat in her sopping clit.  As she gyrated
to the music, her thin white mini-skirt slid up her thighs.  A tuft
of blond pubes was exposed just above her wet pussy.  Most of the
other couples were similarly exposed, and so her exhibition went
relatively unnoticed, except by Dave, who covered her nude pussy by
pressing his bulging crotch between her flexing legs.  She rubbed
her wet groin on his boner.  The thin material of his slacks that
separated them irritated her need.
     The couples simulated various hot and sexy positions in their
gyrations.  Some danced face to face hunching their pelvises
together.  Some would dip low to the floor with their faces at
their partner's crotch level.  As they rose in time to the music,
they would see how close they could get to their dance partner's
sex with their flushed faces.  Other ground their bodies together
with the man facing the woman's back - simulating a modified doggy
style sex position.  The woman would alternately bend forward,
pressing her buttocks into her partner's groin.  Then she would
sway up with her back arched, forcing the man to crouch and hunch
upward into her crotch.  A few breasts were exposed, and some were
freely caressed by partner's and others nearby.
     The music slowed and the lights went down.  The horny dancers
quickly came together in close embraces all over the floor.  Many
of the patrons that had been watching on the sidelines joined the
dancers, until there was barely room to move.  Vicky quickly
unzipped Dave's slacks, freeing his love muscle.  They continued to
dance as she held his cock in her hand.  She hunched her hips while
placing the stiff member against her wet cunt.  Dave flexed his
hips, and his cock slid to the hilt inside her pussy.  Vicky cocked
a leg around one of Dave's strong limbs.  Their hips rocked to the
slow music.  Dave's large hands fondled her ass cheeks - first
through the thin white skirt - later directly on the exposed flesh.
They kissed deeply.  Tongues whipping together like snakes mating.
     They watched similar actions of the other dancers surrounding
them in the semi-darkness.  Dave and Vicky were unique only in
their stunning beauty and almost professional love-making/dancing.
It looked almost as if they had choreographed their lewd actions.
His mouth trailed wet kisses down her long throat.  Vicky arched
her back as he nuzzled between her tits.  A light sheen of
perspiration gleamed in the deep valley between her milk mounds.
His cock continued to saw slowly in-and-out of her pussy.  Her
cuntal flow increased with her passion.  The shiny nectar coated
his bloated balls and lubed their united groins.
     Vicky's hands were clamped firmly over Dave's ass.  She
wantonly pulled her lover deeper into her.  When they had danced
for a time face-to-face, she slid her hand between them.  She
pulled his member from her body slowly.  Dave watched to see what
the wanton blond woman would do next.  As soon as his meat was free
from her pussy, Vicky spun around and presented her ass to Dave.
She bent forward at the waste, and took his quivering cock between
her legs.  Replacing it in her pussy.  Dave drove his hips into her
ass.  His cock slammed into her pussy in one strong motion.  She
stood on her tip toes and arched her back.  Dave fondled her firm
tits.  They were now fairly exposed to the other dancers.  No one
seemed to mind.  Now other couples were changing positions as well.
     Vicky ground her ass against her man's groin.  His cock
spasmed inside her tight vagina.  Dave had one hand on an exposed
tit.  The other was fingering her clit.  Vicky's hand rubbed the
sides of his thick thighs.  She laid her head on his shoulder.
Their mouths closed together for a soul kiss.  Their tongues
flicked together. Their bodies swayed to the slow beat of the
music.
     As Dave kissed the side of her neck, Vicky noticed the
handsome couple in front of them was also fucking.  The beautiful
black-haired woman was only inches from Vicky.  The couples
positions were identical.  The other couple seemed to be mimicking
Dave and Vicky.  The other woman's tits were fully exposed.  Her
top had slid under her small but firm breasts.  Her nipples were
stiff from her lover's caresses.  The aureoles were large and dark.
As Vicky watched through lust closed eyelids, the tall, thin man
squeezed his mate's nipples, and a thin squirt of white liquid
squirted on Vicky's large left tit.  Vicky's eyes opened in
amazement.  Dave had seen the unusual action out of the corner of
his eye.  His cock jumped in Vicky's tight quim.
     Dave wiped up the thin fluid with his finger.  He offered it
to his blond mate.  Vicky licked his damp digit with gusto.  The
other woman was now touching Vicky with her body.  The dark haired
vixen put her hand between Vicky's legs.  Dave felt her soft
intrusion as he was fingering Vicky's throbbing clit and moved his
hand.  Vicky thrust her pussy at the other girl's hand, taking care
to keep Dave's fuck stick imbedded firmly in her vagina.  The other
man pressed the women's tits together.  Both men fondled both
women's breasts.  Dave learned how to get milk from the black
haired beauty's full tit.  He unbuttoned Vicky's top to keep it
from getting stained.  Vicky soon was fondling the other woman's
cock filled snatch.  Both couples strained together as their
excitement built to orgasm.  The horny men dumped their loads into
their mates' welcoming vaginas as the women's pussies clamped down
in sexual ecstacy.
     As the music came to a close, the foursome parted.  The women
caught the squishy cum in their hands, as it spilled from their wet
pussies.  They all walked quickly to the garden terrace.  Many
other couples were already their.  Some were standing, quietly
enjoying the darkness together.  Others were obviously fucking.
Some were performing various oral sex acts.  None bothered to
notice the four handsome people that sought their own quiet niche
in the bushes.
     Vicky and Dave entered a secluded area.  The other couple
followed.  Dave kissed Vicky fiercely.  When they parted lips.
Vicky took her cum filled hand and lewdly lapped the mixture if
their sexual union.  She offered it to Dave who also licked the
syrup from her long fingers.  Vicky had led Dave to this spot by
holding onto his semi-hard cock.  She released his penis and rubbed
some of the cum on her stiffening nipple.  She pulled her man's
mouth to her breast to suckle.  Dave's tongue whipped over her
slippery mound.
     The other couple enjoyed this scene in the semi-darkness for
a moment.  The woman lapped her own handful of cum greedily.  The
man dipped his hand into her box to retrieve more of their cum for
his own snack.  She seemed to dance  upon his probing fingers as
her dug for their sex treasure in her slimy snatch.
     While Dave sucked Vicky's cum covered nipple, Vicky undid his
pants.  Her own top already lay on the soft grass.  His pants slid
down to join them.  She removed his shirt as well.  Dave slid her
mini-skirt off, and they were nude and comfortable.  Dave's cock
had returned to its full glory.
     The black-haired woman noticed Dave's uncircumcised cock, and
the pearly drop of cum that was gathering at the end.  She quickly
slid out of her own garments and dropped to her knees before the
big man.   His long phallus brushed her face.  She licked its
length.  The cock jumped at her first touch.  Dave's eyes opened
wide.  He looked at Vicky, who smiled impishly in return.  They
kissed again, and Dave noticed the tall, thin man kneeling behind
Vicki's heart-shaped ass.  His face was soon buried in her musty
crack.  His tongue found her puckered anus - still wet from Dave's
cock sawing across it as the young man had fucked her.  He could
smell Dave's cum as it trickled from her snatch.  His long tongue
lapped at her swollen cunt lips.  The draining scum from her love
hole drooled onto his probing licker.
     The woman sucking Dave's cock licked the final load of his
semen from his mighty weapon.  Then She turned toward the beautiful
blond woman's pussy.  She battled with her ravenous partner for
Vicky's love potion.  Vicky's mind blurred with the sensation of
the unknown couple's anal and oral ministrations to her sexually
overheated body.  She could feel their tongues inside her ass and
vagina.  She rested a long, tapered leg on a nearby branch to allow
them total access to her pulsating privates.  The couple fondled
each other's sex while they worshipped the tall, blond's crotch.
     Dave stood to the side of the threesome.  He watched as they
moaned softly as special caresses found their marks.  He fondled
his girlfriend's body.  His fingers sought both her holes.  Their
tongues continued to feast, even as he finger fucked her butt and
cunt.  His cock brushed her firm ass cheek and thigh, leaving a
trail of cock drool.  The man quickly lapped the wet streak from
her pale skin.  Dave continued to rub his cock on her smooth flank,
not realizing the dark man was mesmerized by his swaying monster.
His dark eyes locked on the one-eyed sex snake.  Each time Dave
left a streak of pre-cum on Vicky's ass, he would quickly lick the
sweet dew up.
     Dave's kissed his buxom friend again.  They left their mouths
open.  Their tongues slid and flicked at each other.  As he stood
still, his penis had eased from Vicky's flank and now pointed at
the dark man - only inches from his face.  Dave felt a mouth
capture the end of his cock.  The mouth sucked deeply at his penis.
Dave no longer felt the man's tongue on his fingers, which were
buried in Vicky's butt hole.  He was no longer surprised that this
couple was totally bi-sexual.  Dave stood, flexing his hips as he
fucked the man's mouth.   Vicky put her arm around his broad
shoulders for support as she made ready to cum again.
     The dark woman never stopped licking her clit until Vicky
pushed her head away after her explosive cum.  Vicky was afraid
she'd faint from sensual overload.  She lifted the thinner woman to
her feet.  Vicky knelt before her and began sucking her milk-filled
mammeries.   Dave also took a tit in his mouth.  The little woman
swayed as if dancing as the handsome couple nursed on her tits.
Vicky slid a finger into the dark-haired pussy.  Dave wet his
finger in Vicky's snatch before slipping it into the woman's anus.
She flexed her legs and rocked her hips to the rhythms of their
hands.  Her mate still sucked on Dave's large tool.  The swarthy
man jacked his own cock.
     The woman moved the group so she could lay across a nearby
table.  Her mate mounted her mouth with his long, thin cock.  The
thin, dark man pistoned his hips at the prostrate woman's bulging
mouth.  She relaxed her throat and timed her breathing to allow him
to fuck her throat.  The dark man strained with the intense
sensations in his cock.  His black haired balls rubbed on her nose.
She flicked her red tongue along the shaft of his cock.
     Vicky stroked Dave's cock as she maneuvered him into the dark
fringed pussy of the other woman.  She held the thick cunt lips
wide as Dave slid his cock into the tight twat.  The pussy seemed
to suck at his penis as it slid into her vagina.  Both men fucked
the prostrate vixen vigorously, and Vicky returned to suckle and
fondle her full tits.  Vicky could taste the sweetness of her milk.
The woman softly caressed Vicky's body with a free hand.  Vicky
felt her fingers trailing over firm nipples and between wet thighs.
Soon, both men emptied their cum into her body.  Dave stood and
slowly pulled free.  Vicky knelt to clean his softening cock with
her mouth.  She could taste the other woman's tartness on her
lover's stiff dick.
     The dark man bent down and kissed his partner's cum-filled
mouth.  They shared his load.  When he had emptied her mouth, he
moved between her spread legs to feast upon the sperm Dave
deposited there.  Vicky and Dave watched tender post-orgasmic
caresses of the other couple for a few moments before they dressed
and returned to their table.  They needed to rest a bit, and both
young people were very thirsty.

The Hedonists Chapter 9 by Jonboy

     As they re-entered the disco, the throbbing beat and loud
music assaulted them.  They returned to their table and ordered
another round of drinks.  Vicky snuggled under Dave's strong arm
that surrounded her soft shoulders.  They kissed and relaxed in the
afterglow of their release.  The scene before them had not
diminished in its sexual intensity.  Men and women danced and
flirted to the heavy throb of the rock music.  Bodies gleamed with
the sweat of lust and endeavor.  As Dave and Vicki sipped their
cooling drinks, they began to touch and caress each other anew.
     The MC announced the contest for the sexiest dance couple
would begin at midnight.  If any couple wanted to participate, they
needed to register with him before 11:30.  Dave kissed Vicky,
pressing his broad chest into her breasts.  His tongue explored her
soft mouth.  His hand slid up and down her smooth thighs.  Vicky
held her handsome lover close in her arms.  When their kiss ended,
Dave smiled coyly at the beautiful blond in his arms.
     "What?"  She asked with a grin.
     "Oh nothing."  He muttered looking over the pulsating crowd.
     "Tell me!"  Vicky commanded impatiently.
     "I was just thinking about us entering that contest, honey.
I got a picture of us doing some very naughty things for this
bunch."
     "Dave!"  The blond responded in mock surprise.  "Do you think
I'd ever get involved in such a thing?"  She teased.
     "Hell yes, woman.  You and I both know we'd win that money
easy.  The only question is how far would we go to do it?"
     Vicky stuck a manicured nail in her mouth and thought for a
moment.  "How far would you go, Dave?"  She asked with a raised
eyebrow.  Her fingers played lightly over the bulge in his tight
slacks.
     "Vicky, I enjoy making love to you so much, I really don't
care when or where I am.  I guess, if you wanted it,  I do anything
you wanted, anytime."
     "Well, we don't have to start by making love, darling."  Vicky
responded.  "After all it is a 'sexy dance couple' contest."
     "Yeah, but we both know that title's only a cover for the real
reason of the contest, and why everyone's here tonight.  We are all
hoping for that little extra."
     Vicky grabbed Dave's hardness.  "There wouldn't be just a
'little' extra, big boy."
     "What do you want to do, Vicky?"
     "I say let's try and see what happens, partner!"  Vicky jumped
up quickly and led them back to the floor for some more dancing.
She shouted in his ear, "If we're going to compete, we'd better
both be psyched for it!"  She started to grind into his body with
the rhythm.
     "Don't worry!  I'm already ready!"  Her yelled back over the
deafening sounds.  His face was lit up with his wicked smile as he
tipped his hips at her, simulating flaunting his cock.  She pressed
her pelvis against his, and nodded.
     Later, they got in line to enter the evening's dance contest.
Some of the other couples continued to sway to the music.  Others
caressed and fondled or kissed each other lightly.  Dave noticed
his competition.  All the couples were fairly good looking, but he
didn't think any were as handsome as Vicky and himself.  As he
counted the couples, he noticed the dark couple they had been with
earlier were several couples behind them.  In all, there were
twelve couples in line.  Dave began to think that with the other
couple's previous lack of inhibitions, this contest might really
become interesting.  His cock jumped in his pants.
     Vicky, who was standing in front of him, leaning her body
against his, felt his cock press into her ass, through the thin
white mini-dress.  "What?"  She asked looking into his eyes.
     Dave didn't reply.  He only pointed at the couple behind them
with a leer.
     Vicky's eyes opened wide, then she giggled wickedly.  "I
wonder if all the other couples know what their in for tonight?"
They laughed quietly.  Their sexual tension re-kindled with the
fantasies of what might be.
     The MC took each couple's names and explained the rules.  "The
audience will vote for each performance by applause or noise.  Each
couple will have three minutes in the first round.  I'd suggest to
you more daring couples, that you'd wait a bit before revealing
your strategy.  Some couple's have performed well, but somewhat -
premature.  If you get my drift.  They didn't have anything left
when the final round came."  He laughed a belly laugh.  The heavy
set, bearded MC continued, "Half of the couples will be eliminated
the first round.  They each get free drinks the rest of the night.
     "The next round is five minutes.  Most couples get a little
more brazen in the second round.  Don't be afraid of getting
arrested for indecency, folks.  One of the judges for tonight's
contest is the Chief-of-Police.  He assures me you will be allowed
the utmost artistic freedom."
     The contestants laughed nervously.  The big man was congenial
and tried to help them relax.  "Now don't be afraid.  Some of you
just want to show off your dancin', and that's mighty fine.  If you
don't want to get too outrageous on this trip, you can always see
how others do it and try some other night.  All we ask is that you
do your best, and don't quit before your time is up.  Also, you
won't be allowed to go over time.
     "The last round will be for eight minutes.  You don't have to
use the whole time, but most winners give the crowd their money's
worth.  Just remember to relax and have fun.  There's a dressing
room down the hall, if you want to fix up a bit.  Also there's some
sexy outfits.  It never hurts to have the right costume for your
performance.  The stage door opens from the back of the dressing
room.  I'll call you when you're up.  There's TV monitor's in there
to see the show.  Probably better seats than anywhere on the floor,
except for the judges'.  Break a leg!"
     The big man gracefully slid out the door, leaving the group to
their own devices.  They all went to the dressing room as directed.
Vicky walked over to the racks of bright, skimpy costumes.  People
combed their hair, and fixed makeup.  Vicky waved Dave over.  "Look
at these, Darling!"  She exclaimed.  She held up an imitation
leopard skin bikini and matching briefs for a man.  "Let put these
on under our clothes.  We'll dance together for a while, and
sometime during the first set - say about a minute from the end -
wee can begin a strip-tease.  These will look great!
     Dave smiled an nodded.  He took the skimpy briefs into the
men's dressing room to change.  Vicky said she'd meet him in ten
minutes.
     Unknown to the contestants, the operators of the disco had
been watching many of the better performances though hidden video
cameras.  They staged the sessions so that the better performers on
the dance floor came up later in the set.  They had already seen
Dave and Vicky's little performance with the darker couple and had
picked these as the last two couples to perform.
     The show started.  Tension was in the air as the first couple
danced onto the stage.  The MC introduced each contestant and asked
for applause.  The first couple was somewhat shy at first, but soon
the throbbing beat and cheer of the crowd had them keyed up.  Each
couple danced, in turn,  some tested the waters with lusty kisses
or lifted skirts.  One couple really got into their dance and
ground their pelvises together sexily.  The crowd ate it up.  The
last couples looked at each other knowingly.  The announcer called
for the dark couple first.  They were Joanie and Marcus.  Dave and
Vicky realized it was the first time they'd heard their names.
     They danced well together.  Each move was carefully
coordinated to allow for maximum body contact.  Both partners made
sure to grab and fondle each other openly.  These moves weren't
crass, but just substituted for the usual hand to hand moves.  The
crowd went wild.  Their set ended and they returned to the dressing
room.  They hugged Dave and Vicky for luck, sweating from their
performance.  Joanie's nipples were hard, and showing through
her thin blouse.
     The MC introduced Dave and Vicky as the last couple.  The
striking pair started with some very professional dance steps.
They twirled and moved across the flow with fluid sensuality.  Each
time they came together or embraced, they held that position for a
moment.  They slid their bodies against each other like two large
sleek cats.  The crowd clapped to the rhythm of the music.
     The intensity of their embraces and suggestiveness of their
body movements grew throughout the dance.  With arms held back, so
the audience could clearly see,  they rubbed their pelvises and
torsos together.  Vicky hooked a leg around Dave's while he hunched
between hers.  The crowd began to chant for more.  They kissed.
Their tongues visible to all in their own dance between the
handsome couple's lips.  Dave pulled Vicky's white top off,
revealing her leapard skin bra, and tossed it toward the dressing
room.  The men in the audience roared for more.  Vicky unbuttoned
Dave's shirt, revealing his muscular chest.  The ladies' response
was just as lusty as the men.  The dancer's pressed their chests
together.  Vicky rubbed her full breasts over his flexing
pectorals.  Her tiny leopard skin bra barely held her firm tits.
     Dave's hand cupped Vicky's ass cheeks, under her dress.  They
stood and swayed to the music.  Vicky deftly unzipped and unsnapped
Dave's slacks, with a tug they fell to the floor, the crowd went
wild again.  Dave looked at the women while he finished kicking his
pants aside.  He turned toward the crowd and flexed his crotch at
three women leaning at the front of the stage.  Vicky danced in
front of him, as if to keep them away.  Dave swiftly jerked her
mini skirt down to her knees.  Everyone laughed and applauded their
antics.  They danced a mock strip-tease for a few moments, ending
the set with a close, heated embrace - still keeping the beat with
their body movements.  By the time the music ended, the whole crowd
was on its feet, roaring their approval.  The dancers bowed and
quickly picked up their clothes to return to the dressing room.
The roar of the crowd continued for several moments.
     The MC brought all the performers back to the stage for a
final vote.  Six couples were selected for the next round.  Both
Dave and Vicky and Joanie and Marcus were picked for the next set.
The eliminated couples congratulated the winners and returned to
the bar to finish watching the show.
     Tension filled the air of the dressing room as the remaining
six couples prepared for their next performance.  The sensuality of
the moment could not be mistaken.  Each couple stayed apart,
discussing their strategy for the next round.  The ladies adjusted
their hair and makeup.  More of the group had selected costumes
from the rack, and were dressing rapidly.
     Dave noticed a box behind the rack of sexy costumes that no
one had bothered to look in yet.  It was full of leather goodies.
Dave selected several items for he and Vicky.  One was a leather
cock holder with harness for him, and a leather thong which split
up either side of Vicky's pussy.  He took her off to the side and
showed her his discovery.  "Here!"  He exclaimed,  "Put this on
under your bikini panties.  We'll start this set with out clothes
on.  We can dance like this for a minute then switch to the leopard
skin suits.  I thought we'd dance for a couple minutes in them, and
then switch to these leathers."  Grinning impishly, he looked into
her eyes for a response.
     Vicky held up the thin straps that formed the harness she
would wear, then looked at his selection.  "It seems like you've
got a lot more to wear than I.  Where'd you get this?"
     Dave pointed at the box.  Vicky walked over to the box and
rummaged for an alternate costume.  She walked back to Dave with
her hand behind back, and a big grin on her face.  "I like this
better!"  She said, holding out a man's leather harness that
covered nothing.  The straps were situated to help display the
balls and a studded cock ring held the wearer's penis for display.
"Your plan sounds good.  I'll follow you for the changes.  My only
other question is how far do we go?"
     Dave looked at the other couples.  The announcer called for
the first couple.  The tension mounted and Dave could tell all the
contestants were ready to go farther, it would just be question of
who started the trend, and how far they went.  "I see we're up last
again.  We'll just wait and see."  They finished dressing and went
to watch the other teams perform.
     The first couple danced well, and followed Dave and Vicky's
idea of changing to a skimpier costume, midway through the set.
They were good but too reserved sexually to be a real threat.  The
next couple was more daring, but they ended their set still fully
clothed (although in skimpy swimwear).  The crowd was eager for
more.
     The third couple kept up a frantic pace throughout the dance.
They too finished with sexy, sheer sleep wear.  But she had exposed
her large tits, briefly.  She also had grabbed his cock, through
his sheer shorts.  A wet stain appeared at the front wear his cock
head touched the thin red material.  The crowd responded with wild
applause and shouts.  He grabbed her big tits from behind and shook
the bare knockers at the crowd.  She hunched her ass against his
groin.  Their dance ended, and the crowd applauded lustily.  Dave
and Vicky looked at each other knowingly.  The MC announced,  "Now
that's more like it, folks!  Let's keep up that kind of action,
dancers."
     The fourth couple took the stage.  They were a handsome black
pair.  He was tall and muscular.  She was very well-built.  Her
tits and ass thrust out proudly.  A large bulge tented the front of
his shorts.  They wore matching gold swim suits.  The maillot
material glittered as they moved fluidly across the stage.  Every
few steps, they would close and embrace.  His thick hip muscle
would bunch as he hunched his stiff rod into her gold covered
crotch.  He would almost limbo under her, as she flexed her hips in
a fucking motion.  They flashed large white smiles at the cheering
audience.  Still the audience chanted for more.
     About two-thirds through the set, his hand rested for a moment
on her neck, as they danced side by side.  As she spun away from
him, he held onto the tie of her swim suit top.  The knot was
undone and her glorious tits fell out of their straining
containment.  A loud roar of approval swept the lusting crowd.  She
danced to the edge of the stage and held her gorgeous knockers out
to the patrons seated there.  Her partner moved close behind her
and fondled her big brown tits, pinching her stiff nipples.  She
reached behind her to stroke his massive cock, which was now
peaking out of the gold shorts.  His hand slipped down to her
crotch and unsnapped the thong that held the golden material over
her snatch.  The straining material snapped free and exposed her
bushy pink twat.
     He stood beside her now.  Their brown bodies gleamy from the
sweat of lust and endeavor.  She jerked his golden trunks to his
knees exposing his huge penis to the women crowded at the rail.
The couple remained swaying, close to edge of the stage as hands
strained to touch and fondle them both.  A few succeeded before
they danced lithely out of the way.  They ended their set totally
nude, and in each other's arms.  They received a huge roar for
their excellent performance.
     The crowd quickly quieted for the fifth couple.  Joanie and
Marcus  wasted no time getting into the swing of things.  Their
costumes were short, white robes over sexy underwear.  As they
danced, their excitement grew.  They let the tempo of the music
carry them naturally to greater lust levels.  Soon their robes were
open, revealing her crotchless black panties and matching cupless
bra.  His black nylon netted shorts had a hole for his cock.  His
hard dick head flashed occasionally at the opening.  Their dance
was a story of to lovers getting ready to have intercourse.  They
petted and kissed.  The robes were discarded.  Although these
people weren't as handsome as Dave and Vicky, they were definitely
sexy.  They moved close to the edge of the stage, stopping to
fondle and kiss.  The audience touches didn't seem to phase them at
all.  Her small breasts were full, her nipples were the largest of
all the women.  Her vagina lips protruded lewdly from her
crotchless panties.  They both ran their fingers through her
sopping quim.  Each lewd act was greeted with hearty applause.
Their act ended with his cock and balls protruding from the front
of his shorts, and her on her knees in front of him, with his cock
resting on her cheek.  The audience went wild.  The MC had trouble
getting them quiet to announce the last couple.
     Dave hugged Vicky for luck.  Both couples smiled and winked as
they passed in the corridor to the stage.  The crowd continued to
applaud as Vicky and Dave were introduced.  They wasted no time
moving together with him behind her, simulating his attempt to fuck
her.  His hands squeezed her firm tits.  She wiggled her ass
against him and then danced away, teasingly motioning to come get
her.  Dave caught her again.  This time, he pulled open her top.
She danced out of the skimpy white garment, leaving it in his
hands.  The crowd laughed and clapped at their antics.  Dave threw
the garment aside and danced toward the woman, who was now dancing
for a group of young men gathered at the stage front.  When Dave
caught her this time, he grabbed her mini-skirt.  He pulled it
down, and Vicky jumped out of the garment when it hit her knees.
     Now she pursued Dave around the floor in their dance.  She
pulled his shirt free.  Soon she had his slacks down at his knees.
She tugged them from his upraised feet.  The couple continued to
play their version of bedroom tag.  Dave unsnapped her bikini top.
She held the cups over large melons for a few seconds before
letting the top drop to the dance floor.  Her perfect tits were
exposed to the cheer of the crowd.  She rubbed them and held them
out for Dave to touch.  When he got close, she'd dance away.
Again, Vicky turned to the front of the stage.  She squatted down
and thrust her tits at the men standing before her.  A dozen
nameless hands caressed her smooth breasts.  Dave moved behind the
wanton woman like a large cat.  His muscles gleamed with
perspiration.  He gripped the ties at the sides of her bikini
panties, and tugged the skimpy garment free.  Vicky stood in mock
shock.  Her hand covered her moist pussy.  The crowd roared as they
saw she had another garment underneath.  She twirled to show her
ass.  Quick as a flash she grabbed the ties on Dave's shorts and
whipped them free.  Dave covered some of his hard cock with a hand.
     They continued to move and shake to the rhythm.  They moved to
opposite sides of the stage front.  The women followed Dave and the
men followed Vicky.  They moved along the stage front allowing the
horny patrons brief glimpses and quick feels of their exposed
bodies.
     Vicky allowed her hand to drop from her crotch, exposing her
blond pubes and hairless quim.  Likewise, Dave moved toward her
allowing all to see his impressive manhood.  They moved together
fluidly.  Their hands roamed freely over each other.  They pressed
their genitals together and hunched.  His cock gleamed with her
juices, but he did not enter her joy hole.  His uncircumcised penis
was a novelty.  Women screamed for him to return to them.  They
waved money at him like a male stripper.  Men did the same for
Vicky.  Although they both danced to the stage front briefly, they
stayed out of reach.  They realized their set was ending.
     Dave crouched on the stage.  His stiff cock protruding lewdly
between his legs like a bull.  Vicky swayed up to him.  Her bare
pussy was only inches from his face.  Dave stuck out his unusually
long tongue.  The statuesque blond danced forward, allowing the tip
to probe her puffy vagina lips.  She felt the contact of his tongue
surge up through her stiff clit and into her nipples.  She rubbed
the aching tips with her hands.  After a few seconds, she mashed
her pussy into his face.  They held this position for second and
she drew away.  A moment more and she'd have cum.  Dave cock was
jumping from excitement.  His mouth and tongue were wet with her
love juices.
     Dave stood before the beauty.  His hands were on his hips.
His muscled jumped and flexed to beat of the music.  Like a slave
girl, Vicky dropped to her knees.  Her perfect ass was exposed to
the audience behind her.  She crawled toward the imposing man.  The
cock thrust at her face.  A long drool of pre-cum formed from the
tip.  She held out her tongue as she moved her face to his crotch.
He flexed his cock and the tip flopped on her exposed tongue.  They
turned sideways for the crowd to get a full view of their finale.
Vicky swallowed Dave's cock with ease.  Her nose pressed into his
pubic hair.  The noise of the crowd was a constant roar.  Many of
the audience were also exposing themselves, or performing other
lewd acts.  Dave bent over and picked up the voluptuous blond by
her waste.  He turned her upside down, burying his face in her
snatch as she continued to suck his cock.  As the music ended, he
put her down gently.  Both were breathing hard.  It was plain to
see they were close to orgasm.  But the restraint was incredible.
The crowd cheered as they bowed and quickly gathered their things.
     The MC announced a fifteen minute break before the final
showdown.  He also announced that Vicky and Dave, Joanie and
Marcus, and the handsome black couple, Tiffany and Leroy, would be
the finalists.  A waiter brought free drinks back stage for the
performers.  All were sitting and relaxing when the MC poked his
head in.  "Fine job people!"  He encouraged,  "Keep up the great
work!"  The couples relaxed, and talked in hushed tones.  They
continued to fondle and caress each other tenderly.  Their arousal
was maintained.  The first couples had seen Dave and Vicky's
performance.  They had been stimulated and knew they'd have to give
it all to beat the handsome couple.
     As time drew near for the last set, they all went to the door
together.  Handshakes, hugs and kisses were shared all around.
Although diverse, as a group they were extremely attractive.  The
MC called for the start of the final dance set, and announced
Tiffany and Leroy.  None of the couples had changed.  They returned
to the stage as they left.  Somehow, the nudity of the black couple
was perfectly normal.  The crowd was at a fever pitch.  Seeing the
gleaming black bodies of the first dancers, a roar filled the
establishment again.
     They walked out onto the stage with her in the lead.  His
mighty cock stood proudly pointing at her chocolate ass.  She
stopped suddenly and his penis slid between her legs.  His long
member protruded from beneath the front of her hairy snatch.
Tiffany leaned back, her hand pressed his cock into her snatch.  He
filled his hands with her "Hershey Kiss" tits.  She tipped her
pelvis and moved her hand.  The crowd watched and hooted as his
ebony weapon pierced her sheath.  They moved and danced to the
beat.  When they got close to the front of the stage, fifty hands
raised to touch them.  She bent forward.  Her tits dangled over the
heads of the men in front.  The black stallion pistoned his mighty
hips, feeding all of his monstrous cock into her.  Women stood
agape at the size of his tool.  The pungent odor of their sex
filled the air.
     They turned, remaining very close to the edge of the stage.
He pressed her into a crouch, still impaled on his cock.  The
audience fondled and caressed them everywhere.  Leroy felt soft
hands fluttering over his ass and balls.  There was even fingers
beside his cock inside his partner's pulsating pussy.  She felt
hands on her body.  Her breasts were pinched and her pussy was
full.  She could feel her juices soaking fingers and cock alike.
     The black lovers stood and moved to center stage.  The music
was ending.  They turned toward the crowd and he lifted her by her
thighs, Leroy's shiney black rod still pistoned into her gleaming
cunt lips.  With her legs held wide, his cock was plainly visible
as it fucked in and out of her pink pussy.  She placed a long brown
finger on her protruding clit, and they climaxed in front of the
lust crazed crowd.  His cum boiled up his shiny member and filled
her pussy.   His bloated balls drew up tight to his slimy black
shaft.  Long strings of white cum seeped from her quivering gash,
ran down over his hairless nut sack, and dripped onto the floor as
they tongue kissed through the finale.  She lowered her long brown
legs to the floor.  His scum coated cock rubbed on her firm ass
crack.  The crowd applauded as they disengaged, his monstrous hose
flopping from her scum filled snatch. They bowed, kissed and left
the stage.
     The sensuality level of the room rose with performance.
Especially affected were those at the front of the stage.  There
men and women exposed themselves and groped for one another.  Their
need too great for their ruined inhibitions.  Someone came in to
clean up the scum from the stage.  There was a trickle of laughter
from the crowd.
     The MC announced the next couple and Joanie and Marcus danced
out on the stage.  They too had elected to keep their costumes as
they were for their final performance.  Marcus' cock and balls
thrust through the opening in his shorts.  When they reached
center-stage.  Joanie turned to face her partner.  He stood
absolutely still, his cock stiffly perpendicular to his taut body.
She danced around him.  Her dance was designed to inflame and drive
him to take her.  She rubbed her full tits down the length of his
sweat glazed torso.  Her nipples left trails along the drops of
sweat.  She faced the stage front and used her breasts to rub the
full length of his stiff penis.  She faced him and probed the end
of his circumcised dick with a stiff nipple.  Her hands gripped his
shorts and lowered them.  She massaged the muscles of his hips.
His cock rested between her milk-filled tits.  She pressed forward,
and the penis arched up before her lips.  His balls were trapped
between her sweet mams.  Joanie captured her slender lover's
manhood in her mouth and suckled like a newborn calf.  The crowd
chanted to each of her strokes.
     Before he was forced to cum, Marcus grabbed her by the hair
and stood her before him.  Her lips were shiny with the sweat of
his balls, her spit and his pre-cum.  He kissed her deeply.  His
kisses trailed down her frame.  Stopping to suckle on each nipple,
he tasted her milk, his cock brushed her gaping vagina.  She
hunched her pelvis, trying capture his love weapon, but he
continued his downward oral search of her anatomy.  He found her
quivering vulva with his tongue.  She arched her back as he hit her
special spot.
     Faces flushed with arousal, the dancers stood and moved toward
the edge of the stage.  Joanie stood on the very edge with her feet
spread slightly.  Several men massaged her tits and pussy as Marcus
slid his cock between her legs from behind.  The spotlight gleamed
on their straining bodies.  Many of the people in the front were
now totally nude.  Some were even performing various sex acts,
driven beyond reason by the lurid dancers.  A naked woman in front
of Joanie grabbed Marcus' penis and stroked it a couple times.
Then she slipped it into Joanie's pussy.  Even when Marcus was
fully imbedded in Joanie's snatch, the woman continued to fondle
his balls and exposed shaft.  She would take the mixture of the
dancer's sex juices and lick it from her fingers.
     Marcus squirted tiny streams of Joanie's tit-milk on some of
the audience.  People went wild.  His hands were replaced by total
strangers' that continued to milk her fresh udders.  Soon her belly
was covered with tit-milk.  The chanting crowd counted each of his
mighty cock's strokes into her burning vagina.  At fifty, his balls
suddenly tightened along his penis, he hunched deep and his cum
began to blast into Joanie's drooling pussy.  The nude woman, who
was fondling his manhood, pulled his cock free as it started
spitting it's love potion.  Most of his seed splattered her face
and tits.  Some shot into her mouth.  Other women surrounded her
like sharks.  They lapped his hot cum from her face and body.  The
men surrounding them took the opportunity to probe an available
hole with a stiff cock.  Soon cum was flowing from several new
sources.  The dancers stood unsteadily, bowed and waved as they
retrieved their costumes and left the stage.  They smiled sweetly
at Dave and Vicky as they passed the last time in the hall.
     The handsome couple moved gracefully to center stage.  They
stood armslength apart, facing each other.  The lights on the stage
were off.  The music silent.  The crowd noise diminshed to a hush.
The rowdy couples in the front paused their lewd exploits.
     Dave knew the performances of the other couples were very
good.  Although he felt Vicky's and his past performances were the
best, and they should be able to win even at this stage, he wanted
to take no chances.  He had made specific music and lighting
arrangements with the MC.  The announcer was pleased at the
requests he had made, and assured him all would be ready.
     As the crowd's attention was drawn to the almost invisible
pair on the stage, a dim red glow appeared on the curtain behind
them.  The glow slowly grew, silouetting the perfection of their
bodies.  A steady drum beat started, reminiscent of an ancient
tribal ceremony.
     The dancers began to sway with the music.  Although there were
slight variations, the dance was simple.  The male would lean
toward his partner, without using his hands, he might complimentt
his mate about some endearing quality of her body.  He might also
use his face and mouth in the brief intervals he was in range.  She
would bend backward as bent forward.  This had the effect of
totally exposing the body to the close scrutiny of the partner.  In
turn, the woman and man would reverse positions.  They would
continue this sequence until they lost control, sexually.
     Dave had read about an ancient mating dance, in one of his
studies.  He had been intrigued, and fantasized about someday
performing this ritual with his wife.  When he explained it to
Vicky, she eagerly agreed.  They worked out a few variations, but
Dave said they needed to adlib as much as possible to make it look
natural.  The excitement of the dance was in not knowing what your
partner might do next.
     The unusual drum beat throbbed throught the disco's expensive
sound system.  The MC had found a recording of what sounded like
true tribal ritual music.  The dancers swayed closer to each other.
Vicky bent back, her firm tits jutting proudly upward.  Dave leaned
toward her slowly, in time to the rhythm.  His face neared her
shimmering breasts.  Softly her spoke, "Your neck is graceful."
Amazingly, his comment was clearly amplified over the sound system.
Dave had asked if the disco had a directional microphone.  The MC
was pointing the instrument at the swaying dancers.  The croud
remained silent, not sure they had really heard his words over the
throbbing drum beat.
     He leaned back and Vicky bent toward him looking at his
handsome face.  "Your mouth is sexy."  She replied.  Dave smiled.
The crowd began to move to the beat slightly.
     Dave reversed himself.  He leaned closer and said, "Your lips
are sweet."  There was ripple of comments through the crowd.  The
spotlights gleamed in the shimmering skin of the handsome, nude
couple.
     Vicky leaned forward, in turn, and said huskily, "I like your
eyes."  Her face was less than an inch from his chest.  She blew
softly upon his hardening nipples.
     Dave leaned forward.  His cheeks grazed the insides of her
firm titties.  "Your breasts are firm."  He countered.
     The place where his face had been, became suddenly warm to
Vicky.  They had begun the dance in a state of arrousal from their
previous performances.  She wasn't sure how long she could continue
to control her need for fulfillment.  She leaned forward filling
her nostrils with his man-smell.  "You smell good, like a man."
Women crowded along the edge of stage nodded their heads in time to
the music.  A few were rubbing already damp pussies.
     Dave leaned forward. Rubbing his cheek over her stiff nipples,
he responded, "Your nipples need sucked."  The men in the crowd
yelled their agreement.  He leaned back.  His hands were locked
behind his back.  His chest, belly and thigh muscles were flexed.
His cock arched toward his belly.  His balls hung from his crotch.
     Vicky licked one of his nipples.  "You taste good and salty."
     "I like your tits."  Dave uttered as her nipple popped free
from his suctioning lips.  The full titty flopped and pulsed.  The
crowd cheered.  Several couples began to emulate their dance.  Soon
many more joined, and two lines formed.
     Vicky's tongue snake down the front of his torso, stopping
almost at his belly button.  "Your thighs are strong."
     Dave felt her hot breath on the exposed head of his cock.  He
licked the other breast thoroughly and said,  "Your belly is
smooth."
     Vicky dipped lower.  Her lips blew on his hard cock.  His
penis jumped at the stimulus.  She murmured,  "Your cock his long."
Women screamed and applauded in response.
     Dave bent over Vicky again.  His tongue drew a wet trail down
her belly to her naval.  "Your waste is narrow."
     Vicky lowered her face to his cock and kissed the tip firmly.
"You penis tastes sweet."  Another cheer followed.  The other
dancers were soon in various states of disrobe.  Their lewdness
equaled the performers'.
     "Your pussy smells good."  Dave replied huskily as he sniffed
the fur above her love slot.  He blew a stream of air over her
golden pubes.
     Vicky slid his cock into her mouth, like a sword swallower.
His balls brushed her chin.  Her nose was buried in his pubic hair.
"I want your cock."  She whispered as her lips parted from his
pulsating penis.  A long strand of saliva clung from her lip to his
stiff dick.
     Dave's tongue lapped over her exposed cunt lips as she leaned
as far back as she could without losing her balance.  Her body
strained for the touch of his mouth.  "Your pussy is ready."
     Slowly the couple worked their way back up their partner's
body.  Continuing to make compliments.  They were inching closer as
they danced.  Finally they were almost touching - face to face.
This time when Vicky bent backward, Dave slid his mighty cock into
her burning slot.  The music changed, as if to signal a new plateau
had been reached.  During the dance they had shuffled toward the
edge of the stage.  Many of the dancers there had been copying the
new dance.  Now they noticed them again.
     Vicky bent even farther back, and placed her hands on the
stage.  Her legs were spread.  She posed, like a beautiful, sexy
human arch.  Her pubic hair exposed like a cloud at the top of a
mountain.  Her breasts thrust outward, wobbling with heavy
breathing.  "Fuck me!"  Vicky graoned.
     Dave stood between her tapered, tanned thighs.  His hands held
her by the waste.  His cock touched her burning love hole.  Without
usin his hands he hunched his throbbing penis into her dripping
pussy.  He slowly pistoned his cock in and out of her pussy.  He
used a hand to occassionally fondle a firm tit.  Vicky shook her
head in lust.  Her long blond hair flew in all directions.
     Gingerly, the nearby onlookers touched the handsome dancers.
Dave felt soft hands on his firm buttocks.  Vicky's tits were
caressed by many hands.  The performers looked like an ancient
sculpture from the Temple of Eros.  Two lovers, incredibly
entwined.  The women chanted "Fuck her!  Fuck her!"  with each of
his powerful strokes.  Stange hands stroked Vicky from her ass to
her face.  All the touches were gentle and loving, as if everyone
wanted to share in their intense sexuality.  Vicky raised herself
slowly to an upright position.  The audience applauded her
performance.  She held onto her lover's strong shoulders.  Then she
cocked one leg over his shoulder.  Her pussy was totally exposed to
the gaze of the lust-crazed crowd.  They screamed with each piston
of his mighty rod.  The lovers were no longer interested in
anything but the intense desire they felt for each other.
     The lovers only looked at each other now.  Their eyes were
locked.  Each could feel the other's orgasm build.  Vicky hunched
her pelvis harder against his probing penis.  She pulled his hips
into her harder and deeper.  Dave flexed his hips farther.  The
light caresses of the audience seemed to heighten their lust.  Dave
filled his hands with her tits as he began to fill her sopping
snatch with his cum.  He bellowed as his orgasm overtook him.  His
cock gleamed with their juices in the spotlight.  Vicky moaned her
response.  Her nipples were twice their normal size.  Her smooth
skin had a sheen of perspiration.  She dropped her leg and hugged
her lover close.  They kissed.  The music ended.  The crowd
cheered.  Slowly, they realized where they were.  They parted.  His
cock flopped from her pussy.  Cum splattered the stage and hung
from its tip.  Women gathered in the stray love drops eagerly.
They bowed.  He kissed her.  They bowed again, and still the crowd
cheered.
     In a moment, the MC appeared magically beside them.  He handed
them a check for the prize money.  "Congratualtions!  Be sure and
cum back anytime!"  The big burly man kissed Vicky lustily.  She
didn't hold back.  The crowd loved it.  Then they left the stage to
get dressed.

The Hedonists Chapter 10 by Jonboy

     Vicky and Dave walked nude, hand-in-hand to the dressing room,
their bodies still flushed with the glow of orgasm.  The other couples
greeted them with congratulatory hugs and kisses, which lingered with
provocative caresses of one another.  The young pair showered and
dressed.  On their way out, many of the late staying patrons smiled and
applauded their exceptional performance.  Dave noted quite a few couples
were still dancing the new "Tribal" dance he had introduced.  The scene
was sexually intoxicating, and Dave felt his tender penis throb at the lewd
actions of the dancers.  Vicky caught his hand and led him from the
blasting, music filled night-club.
     On the way back to Vicky's, the pretty blond snuggled close under
Dave's strong arm.  She patted his thigh and crotch gently.  Her eyes were
closed and a serene smile covered her angelic face.  "Dave?"  she asked,
"Since its the weekend, why don't you stay over at my place - if you don't
have other plans?"
     Dave thought for a moment.  His cock jumped at the thought of being
alone with two incredible women for the weekend.  Vicky felt his answer in
her massaging palm, even before he responded.  "Sure, sweetheart!"  He
exclaimed eagerly.  "I've got nothing planned at all.  Are you sure it
wouldn't be a bother?"
     "You know Mom would love to have you over, Dave."  Vicky responded,
looking into his eyes.  "In fact, she'd probably be pissed if I didn't offer!
Don't worry about getting clothes, either.  I don't think we'll need any!"
Vicky giggled as she pulled his stiffening member from his now open fly.
She blew a warm stream of air over the head as she pulled back his
foreskin.  Her head disappeared into his lap as she lazily suckled on his
penis while they continued home.  Her soft licker flicked along the length
of his penis.  She kissed the angry red tip with her pouting lips.  A strand
of his pre-cum clung to her lower lip.  She licked it off, while looking him
in the eye with an impish grin.  Her hand fished inside his pants to fondle
his scrotum tenderly.  Her long tongue ran up the side of his cock before
she engulfed his manhood with her warm, moist mouth.  He felt his cock pass
into her throat.  Her swallows milked his cock head.  Dave found it hard to
concentrate on driving, while trying to manuever more of his throbbing
cock down his pretty girlfriend's throat.  There wasn't quite enough room
behind the wheel for this kind of fun!
     Dave's hand slid under her mini-skirt and massaged her moist pussy
in response to her expert felatio.  He diddled her hard clit with one finger
while he slid another into her honey pot.  Her juices covered his fingers.
His strokes matched her pistoning mouth.  The lips of her over-heated
pussy flushed with sexual excitement.  Vicky's vagina clamped eagerly on
his questing digit.  His palm was soon slick with her love juice.  He slid slick
fingers along her pussy lips.  She moaned softly around his cock when his
wet fingertip lightly probed her bottom hole.  Her sucking increased as his
fingers played with her crotch holes.
     They pulled into Vicky's drive.  Dave was relieved.  He wasn't sure
how much control he could maintain on his driving while she sucked his
cock.  He turned off the vehicle, and they disengaged.  Vicky slid into his
arms, and frenched his mouth, her lips were salty with his pre-cum.  Dave
fondled a firm boob with his juice wettened hand.  Her nipple was stiff.  She
thrust her chest forward shamelessly to encourage his carresses of her
aching nipples.
     She broke the kiss and said, "We can do this better inside, lover."
They got out and went into the expensive home.  The house was dark and
quiet when they entered.  "Mom's already in bed so let's be quiet."  She
murmured, her warm breath grazing his soft ear.  She removed her shoes,
and so did Dave.  Dave followed her to her bedroom.
     She paused in the middle of the room.  Dave captured Vicky's firm tits
from behind as they entered the dimly lit room.  The light from the pool
filtered through the mini-blinds, and illuminated their embrace with a soft
glow.  She arched her back and pressed her ass into his crotch.  Her hands
groped his loins.  He flipped her short top over her protruding breasts,
exposing them.  Dave hefted her milkers in his strong hands.  The firm
globes felt smooth and woarm in his hands.  At first, he avoided touching
her aching nipples.  He squeezed and kneaded her tender mammaries.   His
fingers grazed her angry red aureoles.  Her chest heaved with desire.
Finally, he ran his fingertips over her hard tit tips.  He rotated his hands
rapidly, causing the nipples to vibrate with the quick flicking of his
fingers.  Her head fell back on his shoulder in rapture.  His fingertips
caught her nipples and tugged the hard little knobs until her breasts were
grotesquely extended.  Suddenly, he let the stretched flesh of her nipples
go, and her titties flopped lewdly.  Blood rushed to the aching tips,
enlarging them even more.  Dave continued repeating this act, and Vicky
would pull back slightly to heighten the sensation building in her nipples.
It seemed as if an electric current was building in the abused nipples
during his unmerciful tugs, which zapped to her quivering pussy when he
let the tortured flesh flop free.  Her tits bounced and flopped lewdly as
Dave varied his caresses from soft to almost torturesome.  His carresses
changes without notice.  Vicky felt her pussy tingling with the prelude to
orgasm.
     One of his hands drifted over her firm belly and fluttered between
her moist thighs.  Vicky spread her legs wantonly.  Her ass bumping into
his thrusting crotch.  Vicky craned her neck for a kiss.  Dave's mouth
trailed wet kisses up her shoulder and neck to her waiting lips.  Their
tongues flicked in each other's mouths.  She unzipped his straining fly -
freeing his rock-hard cock.  Her tender touches guided his manhood
between her ass cheeks to rub along her lust distended pussy lips.
Standing on tiptoes, her juices trailed along the broad length of his
throbbing member.  Her hand cupped his cock into her crack.  His sausage
slithered and sawed from her dripping vagina to her pulsating pooper.  She
could see his penis head protruding from underneath her blond bush.
Another drop of his sweet pre-cum fluid formed on its tip.  She smeared the
clear fluid on a finger and licked it between their kisses.  Her excitment
grew until the head of his pulsating penis rubbed on her stiff clit.
Suddenly, she felt a searing explosion of her orgasm sweep through her
loins.  Her nipples tingled from his continued onslaught of the firm mounds.

     Finally, she began to relax in the afterglow of her cum.  He pulled her
top free from her shoulders, and unsnapped her mini skirt, while she
unbuttoned the waist of his pants.  His shirt soon joined the unwanted pile
of clothing that lay strewn across the floor.  Soon they were completely
nude.  When Vicky bumped the edge of her bed in the darkness, the couple
tumbled onto the soft bed spread.   They giggled with wanton delight.  As
Dave's body fell on top of her prone form, his penis slid naturally into her
wet womb.  They began to move together in slow, deep strokes.  Dave held
onto her tits.  He thumbed her stiff nipples.  Vicky stifled her groans in her
pillow.  Her hand caressed the juncture of their union.  Her fingers flicked
her clit and his cock and balls.  She would switch hands occasionally,
licking the love juices from one while caressing herself with the other.
     Dave admired her hourglass shaped back and flaring hips as he
watched his long cock slide easily in to her pussy.  She pressed back
against his groin with each thrust.  Her buttocks rippled in the dim light.
Dave's hands carressed her back and ass cheeks.  He noticed the difference
in her tenseness from his earlier massage.
     Dave glimpsed her pouting nether opening in the dim light.  He
massaged her anus with a thumb.  Vicky responded by wildly rotating her
hips.  He moistened the thumb and probed her asshole gently.  Her moans
of satisfaction rewarded him.  He dribbled a mouth full of his spit upon her
hot anus.  The cool moisture excited her more.  Dave lubricated her ass with
his spit and two fingers.  Vicky's was losing control.  She had always
wanted to have her pretty pooper fucked.  "Yes!"  She hissed around the
pillow.
     Dave slowly withdrew his pistoning rod from her sucking snatch.
Vicky's fingers filled the void left by his fuck-stick.  First one.  Then two
and then three long fingers slithered into her pussy.  Dave's cock pressed
against her anus.  She relaxed, and his hard manhood popped into her butt.
He waited while she adjusted to the new sensation of anal sex.  But she was
impatient.  "Fill my ass hole, you fucker!"  She begged as she pressed
eagerly against him.  His cock slid smoothly to the hilt in her firm ass.  She
clenched her anal muscles on his cock.  Soon their rhythm was established.
Dave would almost pull his cock from her sucking anus on the out-thrusts.
Vicky took handfuls of her sexual lubricant and covered his cock and balls
with it when they were exposed.
     Denise was a light sleeper.  Tonight, her dreams had been filled with
sexy images of Vicky, Dave and herself in many positions.  She woke
hearing the quiet grunts and moans of the lovers in her daughter's room.
She had been fingering her own hot snatch in her sleep.  Now she rose
silently - drawn magnetically to the sensual sounds of the young couple.
     Denise stood in the door admiring the sensual beauty of the
copulating pair.   The dim light showed their firm bodies straining in erotic
action.  She slowly made her way to the edge of the bed where the gorgeous
hunk corn-holed her stacked step-daughter.  She lightly caressed his
broad back and waste with her soft hands.  Dave didn't realize her
presences for a few seconds.  His cock was being milked thoroughly by
Vicky's talented ass.  Denise's hand moved over Dave's taut ass cheeks.
She spread the buns and sniffed his man-scent.  Her tongue probed his
butt and ass.  She soon had her pink licker inside his ass hole.  She slipped
a hand between his legs and fondled his balls and cock.
     When her hand reached Vicky's wet snatch, she realized for the first
time, her pretty step-daughter was being ass fucked.  As far as she knew,
this was Vicky's first anal experience.  Her own anus clenched in lust.  She
knew the fullness of Dave's anal love.  Vicky realize her step-mom was with
them when she felt the soft caresses of the older woman on her vagina.  The
little pixie crammed two of her fingers along side of Vicky's in the blond's
steamy snatch.  She continued to make love orally to Dave's shuddering
shitter.
     Denise worked her way between his thighs.  Her mouth bathed his
bloated balls.  She sucked his scrotum into her mouth, and gently licked his
balls.  Dave felt his climax begin to build along the length of his cock.  The
black haired beauty licked his fuck-stick when he withdrew from Vicky's
tight ass.  Vicky hunched her pussy at her step-mom's mouth, but she
couldn't quite reach.  Denise lithely slid back and positioned herself in a
sixty-nine under Vicky.  She licked the blond's big dangling boobs as she
slid toward her daughter's crotch.
     Vicky licked her step-mom's tits in return.  Her tongue trailed down
the older woman's torso.  Her head thrust into vee of Denise's legs.  Her
tongue and mouth covered the nude pussy mound of the little woman.
Denise's mouth trailed from Vicky's drooling cunt to Dave's bursting balls.
She liked the different tastes of pussy, cock and ass.
     Vicky pushed herself upright.  Her pussy became more exposed to the
oral manipulations of the black-haired minx between her legs.  She lifted
Denise's legs and ass.  She spread the inverted woman's leg wide.  Dave
watched over her shoulder as she licked Denise's ass hole and pussy.
Vicky finger fucked her step-mom's ass or pussy - whenever she wasn't
sucking it.  The trio began to moan and grunt loudly as their lust grew.
Dave felt his orgasm explode as Vicky's anus clenched tighter and tighter
in conjunction with the lewd ministrations of the wanton woman beneath
them.  He thrust his stiff organ deep into her punished poop shoot, and
filled it with a blast of his love serum.
     Denise was suckling his nuts, at the time.  She greedily pulled his sex
root from Denise's clenching butt hole with a pop.  She thrust the musky
meat pole into her own gullet and drank the remaining blasts of his cock
cream.
     Vicky had thrust four fingers into the little woman's twisting ass hole.
Her mouth lapped the hot honey of her step-mother's sweet snatch.  Her lips
captured the bulging node of the protruding clitoris and rolled it.  Denise
felt her ass hole stretched deliciously.  She relaxed and the blond girl
squeezed her thumb in beside the bunched fingers of her hand.
     Denise slid her own hand into Vicky needy pussy.  She knew the blond
beauty hadn't cum from Dave's anal love.  She admired the expert way the
younger woman was able to handle the greek favorite.  She soon had her
tiny hand totally inside the hot oven of Vicky's sex.  She mad a fist and
pistoned its carefully - like a huge cock.  Vicky's pussy was stretched to
the max with the older woman's fist.  Her ass hole burned erotically from
Dave's cock.  She rubbed her full tits across her mother's belly, and sucked
unmercifully on the enlarging clit of the older woman.  The unusual clitoris
grew in Vicky's mouth until it felt like the cock of a baby boy.  Her hand
slipped into Denise's ass.  Now both women were fist-fucking each other.
     Dave slid his softening cock from Denise's throat.  He rolled to the
side to observe the lewd action of mother and daughter.  He caressed their
soft skin.  His hands roamed over four throbbing tits and ass cheeks.  His
fingers found whatever holes weren't busy already.  Soon Denise could no
longer hold back the blast of cum that was building as her step-daughter
sucked her bulging clit and fisted her ass.  She moaned her orgasm into
Vicky's pubes.  "Yes, Darling!  Oh yes!  Suck me!  Eat me!  Oh, my ass is on
fire!  My pussy!..."  Her cum flooded from her cunt lips.  Vicky watched as
the other woman's juices actually flowed down her thighs.  She released her
suction on the over-worked clit and lapped the sweet cuntal fluid eagerly.
Dave joined, too, and still they could not keep up as Denise came and came.
She continued to moan unintelligibly.  Her head tossed from side to side and
she blacked out, her body convulsed in the throws of sexual overload.
     Dave's hand massaged Vicky's clit as she began to cum.  She let the
unconscious body of her mother sag to the bed, as her own orgasm gripped
her uncontrollably.  Her body stiffened.  Denise's hand was still lodged in
her clenching pussy. As her body shook with climax, the limp arm of the
other woman rubbed on her clit.  Vicky began to yell,  "My pussy!  My
Pussy!  I can't stop cumming!  Fuck!"  She raised up on her knees, and
Denise's hand fell out of her cunt.  Dave pushed Vicky an her back and
avidly finished the beauty's orgasm with his mouth.  Vicky's clit became too
tender to touch and she pushed his head away from her spasming groin.
     Dave slid over her supine figure and kissed her mouth tenderly.
They tasted the various combinations of their menage.  They embraced as
Denise smiled happily in sexual bliss.  Dave lay the little woman beside him
in the large bed.  He admired her amazing sexuality, even in sleep.  He and
Vicky snuggled as they slipped into sexually exhausted slumber.

If you have enjoyed this story, please address your comments
to Jonboy at The Dirty Hacker BBS (914) 794-5306.      
