Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.









HOME IMPROVEMENT:  Hot Tub Hijinks
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


Randy Taylor complimented himself at how well his scheme was working.  He and 
his older brother Brad had invited their girlfriends over for some Slippin' 
Slide action in the hopes of getting some "afternoon delight" while his 
parents and little brother Mark were off on a day-long shopping trip.  So far, 
things had gone supremely well -- and were about to get even better!

The two boys had delighted in watching the girls as they flung themselves down 
the slick yellow plastic.  They found that if they stood at the far end 
(supposedly to catch the ladies before they slid onto the grass), they had a 
great view of asses and pussies as the swimsuit material around them pulled 
either into their little crevices or off to one side.  The boys now new that 
Brad's girlfriend Jennifer had a sprinkling of light brown curls lining her 
outer vaginal lips, while Sally (Randy's new girlfriend) had none.

Catching the sliding gals had been somewhat more complicated than one might 
expect.  They found that it was necessary to grab whatever piece of anatomy 
came to hand in order to ensure a safe stop.  Thusly, Randy had discovered 
that Jennifer's vulva was soft and fleshy, while Sally's was much more firm.  
In fact, all of Jennifer's softer regions were larger and squishier than 
Sally's.  That was okay with Randy, though.  Firm and tight seemed just fine 
to him!

The girls had given just as good as they got, too.  The boys had felt the 
girl's hands all over them many times, squeezing and fondling their butts, 
balls and rock-hard cocks.  In fact, Sally had gotten so aggressive that she 
had unwittingly squeezed Brad's pubescent nuts a little too hard, putting him 
out of action for a few minutes.  Randy had a few close calls as well.

Phase two of Randy's plan was now in progress as the girls accepted their 
invitation to join them in their parents' Jacuzzi tub.  Brad led the way, and 
Randy grinned as he watched Sally's bottom jiggle in his face as she went up 
the stairs ahead of him.

The hot tub was already filled with water, and all Brad had to do was fire up 
the jets.  The tub was equipped with a top-of-the line Binford Hydromatic 
2000, specially customized by their father Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor, and 
immediately the water became a seething torrent of white foam.

Brad and Randy exchanged satisfied glances and stepped into the tub, being 
careful to keep their balance amid the powerful forces tugging at their legs.  
They each offered a hand to their girlfriends as they joined them in the 
water.  The tub was long and narrow, so that they had to crowd together in 
order to sit down, but they managed after a little wiggling and giggling.  
Soon, they were arranged so that Brad was facing Sally and Randy was facing 
Jennifer.  They had to alternate their legs so that each had a foot at someone 
else's hip and crotch.  As it worked out, Randy and Jennifer had a foot in 
each other's crotches, and the other two were in the same situation.

They were all able to close their eyes and lean back so that only their heads 
were above the water, and Randy was letting the soothing jets relax his tense 
young body as he anticipated what might be in store.  He grunted when he felt 
a toe in his groin.  Surprise turned to pleasure as the toes gently rubbed his 
tender young balls around in their sac.  His prick hardened immediately and he 
sank down a little to try and get some stimulation on it.  As he did, his big 
toe crunched up against Jennifer's soft crotch.  He nearly moaned with 
pleasure.  
He opened his eyes slightly to see Jennifer looking at him with slitted eyes 
and a contented smile.  That was enough invitation for him.

Gently, Randy explored Jennifer's crotch with his toes, caressing the outer 
lips and following the crease in between.  He noticed that a pea-sized lump 
had formed in there, and was curious as to what it was.  Half his mind was 
involved in the searing pleasure coursing through his hard pricklet, and 
without thinking, took his outside hand and placed it on the back of her foot 
so that he could press it against his aching wand.  All of this was hidden 
under the turbulent water, of course, so he had no need to be more than 
moderately discreet.  Suppressing his urges to gasp and groan with the 
pleasure was the hardest part.

Then Randy felt her hand pulling at his foot, pressing it further into her 
fleshy mound.  He began rubbing her foot all around his stiff little piece of 
meat as he felt a familiar churning in his loins.  His glans felt red-hot with 
excitement as is was rubbed vigorously between the fabric of his swimsuit and 
his smooth abdominal skin.  Jennifer was also very excited.  She was holding 
his foot still and grinding her crotch against it.  She seemed to be 
concentrating on moving the little pea-thing all around on it, sometimes 
grinding it against his big toe.

As his balls tightened into their orgasmic position, Randy glanced across at 
his brother, whom he hoped was working Sally up to similar heights of 
pleasure.  She felt ominously still next to him, though.  He was dismayed to 
see that Brad appeared to have gone to sleep.  Almost pleasured beyond the 
point of caring, he managed to get his free hand up to wiggle his brother's 
foot that was beside his hip.  Brad opened his eyes with a start and glared at 
him.  Randy repeatedly moved his eyes from the foot to Sally, trying to convey 
the suggestion to attempt a similar toe diddling session with her.  Brad 
seemed to be at a loss (as usual), and Jennifer (who had obviously been aware 
of this silent exchange), leaned over and whispered a few words into his ear.  
Light dawned, and he immediately moved his other foot into position.

Randy placed the free arm around Sally in time to feel her lurch at Brad's 
unexpected advance.  Her eyes opened and she gasped, sitting half way up.  
Randy was worried that she might have had too much time to cool off from the 
outside antics and might not be amenable to further sex play.  He immediately 
began caressing her back, and Jennifer (bless her heart) gave her a smile and 
caressed her nearest leg.  Slowly, Sally leaned back, beginning to enjoy the 
direct stimulation of her feminine parts.  Brad guided her foot up to his own 
crotch and began moving it along his newly hardened young organ.  Soon they 
were both gently moving against each other's toes with blissful looks on their 
faces.

The near crisis had allowed Randy's impending climax to abate somewhat, and he 
resumed concentrating on the pleasurable sensations.  Jennifer was learning 
the rhythm he liked, and he was able to let go of her foot and enjoy the 
feelings even more.  He had his other hand wrapped around Sally's waist, and 
could feel her rhythmic thrusts.  His balls tightened up hard at the base of 
his pole as electric jolts fired along it.  Her foot began a circular motion, 
grinding his gristle around on his tummy.  Unbelievable pressure built up 
behind his rod, and he approached that glorious moment when pleasure peaks 
into supreme ecstasy and climax begins to take hold.

Randy's hand, that had been so close to Sally's waistband, dove downward 
toward that mysterious, wonderful slit.  A second later, it was inside the 
material, and he could feel the smooth skin of her abdomen, then the sparse 
hair on her mons, and then -- gloriously soft skin, perfectly molded into soft 
lips that enclosed a little pea throbbing like a cock, and softer, even more 
delicate petals of flesh.  His fingers registered these things in a moment, as 
he ground his toes into the other wonderful vagina.

He imagined his pricklet firmly embedded in between downy folds of skin, and 
his other hand pressed again at Jennifer's foot, holding it still as he ground 
his pelvis upward, feeling the pressure finally begin to release within his 
young loins and explode upward.

"UNGH!  AHH!  OHHH FUUUUCK!  OH!"  Randy groaned as his hips rose out of the 
turbulence with Jennifer's foot firmly attached.  The other three watched 
wide-eyed as Randy began to buck and grind, pulling hard a Jennifer's foot.  
They could see the wet material sag around his boner as he came out of the 
water, clearly outlining the plump little 3-inch erection.

Randy tried to hold back the first spasm as long as he could, but within two 
seconds his little dick was spasming more violently than it ever had in his 
year-long experience with masturbation.

"OH YEAH!  YEAH!  FUCK!  OH FUCK!"  Randy grunted incoherently as his little 
glands emptied themselves of their overactive production in the last couple of 
hours.  Unseen inside his swimsuit, inch-long jets of clear boy-cum were 
shooting out of his throbbing hard-on.  One jet and a few oozing droplets had 
been his best issue to date, but this time four delicious spurts of boy juice 
wasted themselves in his trunks, followed by the usual oozing flow before his 
aching tool began to relax and soften.

"Oh Wow!  Thanks, Jennifer.  You have great toes!"  Randy managed to gasp a 
few moments after it was over.

"Among other things!"  Brad chimed in, grinning at the flushed Jennifer.  She 
had cum twice against Randy's foot, and was hornier than ever.  It had been 
the first time she had watched a boy cum, and she was hugely aroused by it.  
The feeling of his meat as it swelled against her foot had been unbelievable.  
She wished it had been her aching cunt, instead.  Now Randy had pulled away, 
leaning back with a blissful smile.

Brad was surprised when Jennifer suddenly planted a her lips against his, but 
recovered quickly.  He let go of Sally's foot against his own inflamed rod and 
wrapped his arms around his girlfriend.  He could still feel Randy's hand 
between his foot and Sally's crotch, so he pulled away to concentrate on this 
latest development.  He pulled her close, and they grunted and groaned into 
each other's mouths until they were both breathless.

Jennifer's hand moved down Brad's stomach and began fumbling at the waistband.  
He was more than eager to let her down there, and took the initiative to reach 
a hand into Jennifer's bikini top.  The flesh there was firm and smooth, and 
he squeezed eagerly.  Their tongues flicked and licked at each other as their 
hands roamed.

Jennifer had Brad's swimsuit in both hands, and was tugging it downward.  She 
obviously wasn't interested in just reaching inside.  He momentarily thought 
about stopping her, but remembered his brother's bold display of passion and 
decided to be a little bold himself.  After all, things were progressing 
better than either of them had imagined they would, and it would be stupid to 
throw a Binford wrench into the works now!

With a smooth motion, and while keeping his tongue lapping inside Jennifer's 
mouth, Brad pulled the trunks completely off and threw them onto the wide 
ledge.  He saw Randy's nearly closed eyes pop open at the sight of his 
swimsuit flying through the air.  Then he turned to the side so that his 
tumescent sausage link could rub against Jennifer's thigh.  The contact was 
incendiary, and he almost blew his load right there.

It took only a moment to unfasten Jennifer's bikini top, and it joined his 
trunks.  Randy and Sally gasped in unison as they saw Jennifer's pert young 
tits bounce free.  Brad's equipment was still hidden beneath the turbulence, 
but Jennifer's boobies were clearly visible before Brad's hands and mouth 
began pulling at them.  He sucked a swollen nipple into his mouth and began to 
suck fiercely, squeezing the other tit savagely.  He was nearly out of control 
with lust, and wanted nothing more than to bury his face in them and cum 
against her thigh as he heaved his meat along it.

Randy ceremoniously tossed his suit out of the tub, causing Sally to smile 
shyly at him.  Then he moved beside her and put her hand on his semi-hard 
cocklet.  She gave a delighted "ooooh" and began to caress his young cock and 
balls.  Randy, meanwhile, got her top off and began to explore her tiny 
breasts with his fingers and tongue.

Jennifer's pussy was swollen and dripping.  She just had to get more 
stimulation there!  Quickly, she yanked the bottoms off of herself and moved 
to straddle Brad's legs.  Once down, she scooted upward until her virgin cunt 
was pressing against Brad's plump, round ball sac.  The firm skin felt cool to 
her burning twat, and she began to stroke her inflamed clitty against it.  
Spasms rushed between her nipples and clit, while juices gushed out of her 
ever-more-swollen love box.

Randy had a swollen little nipple in his mouth and a hand down Sally's bikini 
bottoms as he watched Jennifer go down on Brad.  His dickie was now rock-hard 
again, and he wanted to see this action.  As usual, his brilliant mind 
instantly thought of a solution and he reached along the wall for the motor 
switch.  His hips had to leave the water, and Sally was treated to her first 
glimpse of his sweet organ.  His pale hard-on was about three inches long and 
3/4-inch thick.  It was circumcised and had a plump white glans at the end of 
it.  His scrotum was pulled up tightly at the base, about two inches in 
diameter.  His balls bulged forward and were about and 3/4-inch long and 1/2-
inch wide.  There was absolutely no hair visible anywhere.

The motor sputtered to a stop as Randy sat back down.  The other two did not 
seem to notice as the water began to clear.  Both were grunting with the 
effort of grinding their bodies together, lost in the ecstasy.  Soon, Randy 
could see Brad's pale scrotum pressing at Jennifer's ass.  He wondered if they 
were actually DOING it, but a check around the other side showed Brad's hard-
on jutting up from the older girl's cunt lips.  Both of the younger kids 
watched in fascination.

Brad closed his eyes and pulled Jennifer down toward him, kissing her 
earnestly while she humped at his balls.  Soon he could feel the soft cunt 
lips rubbing at the base of his cock, and he bucked against her, trying to get 
her to ride him higher so that his burning cock-head could get some relief.  
He loved the feel of his stalk furrowing in her cunny crack.  He was dimly 
aware of the tub jets going off, but was too lost in his pleasure to think 
anything of it.  The head of his cock bounced delightfully against his stomach 
on his up-thrusts, and then came down tantalizingly close to her pea-thing at 
the other end.

"Faster, Jen!  Gotta go faster!"  Brad panted.  His hips began to jerk 
erratically as his body sought the rhythm he needed to climax.  He couldn't 
stand it any longer.  His balls ached ferociously, with their pent-up tension 
and violent banging against her ass.

"OH! AH! GAH...GOTTA HAVE IT!  GOTTA HAVE IT IN ME!!!"  Jennifer squealed.  
Suddenly she stood up, panting.  Brad's over-excited organ came into full 
view, with his pale white scrotum pulled up so tightly that the plump little 
inch-long testicles were firmly alongside the base of his cock.  The sac was 
not much larger than Randy's, but more full.  The balls were more plump, as 
well.  His erection stood out about four inches, and was about an inch thick.  
A little patch of fine blond hairs waved around at the juncture of his scrotum 
and abdomen.

Jennifer quickly turned around to face the others, and straddled Brad again.  
Randy looked into her eyes and saw only raw lust there.  As she bent down, he 
could see her pussy gape open.  The sparsely-fuzzed outer lips were swollen 
wide, allowing him to clearly see the hooded pea-thing sticking out.  Below 
that, two light brown petals of skin had also swollen open, revealing wet, 
pink skin inside.

She squatted down over Brad's tummy and moved forward until the pink mushroom 
of Brad's junior lance gently nudged her clit.  Both bodies jumped as if 
shocked, and Brad's cock twitched ominously.  Brad grabbed her hips and stared 
at her smooth, round ass as he bucked underneath her, trying to regain the 
contact.

"Hurry, Jen!  Gonna cum! Unhh!"  Brad managed to gasp as he banged his glans 
against the moist folds of Jenny's slit.  Brad's legs began to thrash and he 
lost his traction on the tub's slick bottom, causing his cock to fall away.  
"Help me!  Help me get it IN!"  Brad whined, almost at the limit of his 
sanity.

Randy and Sally braced his legs as Jennifer took his throbbing cocklet in her 
hand and pulled it toward the opening of her dripping young snatch.  Brad felt 
the tip of his Binford kiss the moist opening and that was all she wrote.

"I'M CUUUMMMMING!!!"  Brad yelled, and rammed his prick hard against her, 
holding her hips for better leverage.

"YAAHHH! UNNNH! UNNNNNHHHHH!"  Jennifer grunted as the boy's stiff weapon 
rammed home.  In a moment, it was through the tight muscle at the opening and 
piercing her snug love canal for the first time.  She felt streams of warm 
fluid wash the inside of her tunnel as Brad's cock began squirting at the 
moment of penetration and lubricated the way before it.  Not that it needed 
to.  They all heard a loud SQUUUIIISHHH! as the love juices oozed between 
their excited organs.

Brad felt a slight resistance that gave way before his desperate lurch, but it 
was too late.  His cock head caught fire and his balls began to pump a gusher 
of his immature jism into Jennifer's tight, wet box.  So wet!  So hot!  So 
tight!  This was where his cock belonged, and where he wanted to keep it 
forever and ever!  Immense satisfaction gripped him as he felt the pressure in 
his gut washing out of him in quick squirts.  He was a man!

Brad's balls smashed at the entrance and writhed there as if they were trying 
to get inside, too.  His whole scrotum spasmed with the force of each orgasmic 
contraction.  Sally was fascinated by this and gently placed her palm over his 
churning nuts, feeling them twitch and jerk.  She gasped when a gush of 
translucent white fluid flowed out from Jenny's cunt, all over Brad's satiny 
sac and her hand.

The three of them watched Brad's cock emerge a couple of inches, covered with 
a thick, pearly cream, then slide back in with another squishing sound.

"Unnh! Still cumming!"  Brad announced with a grunt.

Jennifer's mind exploded with exquisite pain/pleasure as her cunny was filled 
for the first time.  Her eyes rolled back in her head as she felt the most 
supreme satisfaction of her young life.  Finally, to be filled in a way that 
only a boy can provide.  The girls at school were right--there was nothing 
better.  A spark ignited deep in her loins and she began to tremble.  Sparks 
raced between her clitty and nipples.  Her cunt became white-hot, then melted.  
Powerful spasms coursed through her body, centered on her cunt and the cock 
jerking and spitting inside it.  Her cunt walls gripped the young prick 
mightily, contracting against it in outward waves.  She screamed.

"AAAHHHHHHHH! AAAHHHHHHH!  AAAHHHHHHH!".  Her eyes rolled back into her head 
and her pelvis jerked spastically.  Brad's finally softening prick was forced 
out of her cunt with a PLOP!  The pea-thing disappeared into its sheath, and 
rivulets of white fluid began to pour out of the sopping cunt.  Randy and 
Sally were amazed at the amount of juices, but quite turned on as well.  There 
was no doubt that this was a good thing, and both were eager to try it.

Finally, weak in the knees, Brad and Jenny fell back into the water and let 
their mixed juices float away in filmy masses.

Randy's young body was starting to overheat with a combination of lust and 
water temperature.  Sweat had beaded on his forehead and upper lip, and the 
adrenaline flowing through his system was making it hard to breathe.  He 
needed to get out of the tub.  Besides, the floating globules of cum made the 
water seem somewhat contaminated to him.

With a deep breath of apprehension, Randy stood up, exposing himself to 
everyone for the first time.  Water streamed off his sleek body and ran in 
rivulets back into the tub from different points of his anatomy, including his 
fully aroused cock and balls.  He tried to look into Sally's eyes, but they 
were fixed on his proudly erect boyhood.

He held out his hand to Sally, saying, "Come on out.  I'll help dry you off."

Sally looked a little hesitant, perhaps afraid that he was ready to call it 
quits, but put her hand in his, anyway.  He carefully helped her stand up and 
climb out of the tub, joining her on the plush carpeting.  The other two were 
lying back languidly, eyes closed and holding hands in their post-orgasmic 
funk, but promptly spread their limbs into the vacated tub space.

Randy walked to a cupboard, his hard little weenie bouncing merrily over its 
tight ball sac, and produced a huge towel.  Returning to stand in front of the 
now-shivering young girl, he wrapped it around her back and pulled her toward 
him.  She came willingly into his arms and he proceeded to rub the towel up 
and down her back, pressing her body close to his in the process.  She was 
taller than he, so his tumescent pricklet speared her between the thighs, 
narrowly missing the smooth lips of her swollen little cunny.  Instinctively, 
she pressed her sleek thighs together, trapping his meat and forcing a bubble 
of her lubricant to burst at her vaginal opening and drip a tiny bit of warm 
nectar onto his rod.

"OHHHHHHH!"  Sally sighed as she treasured the feel of the sturdy young cock 
throbbing between her legs, so close to her tingling pussy.

"AAAGGGHHH!"  Randy grunted as the pressure sent a thrill down his poker and 
into his loins.  A small bead of boy cum appeared at the tip and oozed 
downward.

The other two opened their eyes at the animal sounds of pleasure coming from 
the younger pair and began to watch quietly, after giving each other a knowing 
glance, for now they both knew the intense pleasure that produced such sounds.

"That feels sooo gooooood!"  Randy whispered his husky young voice as he 
rubbed the towel around on Sally's buttocks and the back of her thighs, 
causing her body to bounce back and forth against his own until they had 
instinctively settled into a slow, sexual rhythm with Randy bending his knees 
up and down while moving his hips in a vaguely circular motion while Sally's 
hips moved back and forth, causing his prick to not only move in and out, but 
up and down as well.  Soon, his dickie was forced into a more vertical pitch, 
and he was actually able to feel his glans burn with excitement as it rubbed 
against the wet crevice of her hot young twat at a certain point in their 
movements.

"Unnnhhh!  Ooooooh!  So, so gooood!"  Sally whimpered dreamily as she began to 
press her hips downward to get more of his twisting cocklet into her crack.

"So soft, sooo smoooooth!"  Randy moaned into her shoulder.  He dropped the 
towel and grabbed her ass cheeks roughly, squeezing them and pulling them 
toward him.  She hugged him tightly and he felt her erect nipples pressing 
into his flat, bony chest.  His driving cock was now cleaving her pussy lips 
regularly, and their juices began to mingle and foam.  Squishy noises 
accompanied their movements.  The top of his glans scraped along her crack 
from clitty to ass, and his bald pubic area met her sparsely fuzzed mound.  He 
squeezed his eyes shut and groaned loudly, pressing his tool in there as far 
as he could and holding it, afraid to move it again, lest he cum too soon.

"Oh Randy, I want you soooo much!" Sally said softly, and began to sink down 
through his arms as if her knees were giving out.

Randy's knees were weak, too, and he went down with her.  She ended up on her 
back with legs askew, and he came to kneel between them, his eyes fastened to 
the glistening blossom in front of him.  A thin film of transparent fluid 
covered the girl's inner thighs and parted outer lips.  The few hairs on her 
soft mons were stuck to her skin, pointed downward toward her feminine 
treasure chest.  But in the center, like a bull's-eye, sat the swollen petals 
that guarded the shining entrance to heaven.  New adrenaline flooded him and 
his prick jerked as he watched a new rivulet of moisture seep out of her pink 
tunnel.

Sally's legs fell open as far as they could go, as she instinctively displayed 
herself for her young lover.  Her body trembled with a mixture of excitement 
and anxiety.  The cool air felt good against her engorged love box, and she 
squeezed the swollen tissues of her canal together, forcing them to release 
the lubricants that were building up and making her ache.  Her breath caught 
as she fastened her gaze on Randy's trembling erection.  It pointed straight 
at her, bobbing in the air with his rapid heartbeat, a tiny bead of clear boy 
juice sitting on the wet purple glans.  His sweet balls were about the size of 
jelly beans, and nestled tightly against the base.  The pale skin around them 
was smooth enough for her to see the delicate, pink veins within.  There was 
not a hair anywhere.  She tore her gaze away to look into his eyes, and a 
thrill went through her as she noticed the sparkling intelligence with which 
they normally shone had been replaced by a fiery sheen of raw lust.  For her.

Rational thought left Randy as she raised her arms to him, inviting him down 
into her saddle.  His ears roared and his vision narrowed to the center of her 
glistening wetness as he moved the head of his dicklet closer and closer until 
he felt the light, wet kiss of her hot flesh around the tip of his cockhead.  
Then, careful to maintain the contact, he lowered his arms until his torso 
rested atop hers, and he could feel the hard little nipples digging into his 
chest.

"OHHHHH!" Randy moaned as he gently increased the pressure of his cock against 
her entrance.  He tightened his orgasm muscle as he pushed, hoping it would 
help to keep his urge to cum at bay as he felt more of his glans become 
enveloped by the warm, wet tissues.

"AHHHHH!" Sally whimpered as his glans came to rest against her intact hymen 
about a half-inch inside.  It caused the entire membrane to itch terribly.  
She grabbed his smooth, cool buttocks in both hands and pulled him down as she 
tilted he pelvis upward.  She gasped as she felt the membrane tear with a 
delicious, itchy pain.  He didn't make it through, however, so he reared back 
slightly and began to attack it with short little rabbit thrusts.

"Uh... uh... uh... uh... uh... uh..."  Randy grunted as some part of his 
fevered mind kept him from lunging too hard too soon.  He felt a little more 
of the impeding tissue give way each time, allowing his cock to slide in a 
little further each time.  He could feel his control slipping away with each 
thrust, but didn't care.  This was just too good to ruin by trying to hold 
back.  Having cum once already had helped a little, but his first pussy was 
too much for him.

"UNNNNGGGHHH!" Randy began to cum on the eighth thrust.  The head of his 
pricklet became fiery hot as it dove downward, blasting through the remnants 
of her thin cherry and on into the unplumbed depths.

"GUUUNNNHHH!" Sally grunted as she felt the hymen give up the ghost and allow 
the sweet rod to sink to its hilt in her wet tunnel.  Her cunny squeezed and 
caressed the jerking, spasming meat as it began to release a few more precious 
droplets of thin, clear boy-jizz.

"Oh... oh... ah... ahh... ahhh... ahhhhhhhhhh... unh!"  Randy exclaimed as his 
cockhead became numb, then painfully sensitive, as his spasms came over him.  
The muscles of her cunt gripped and kneaded his cumming poker, trapping it 
deep inside, sucking out his boyish essence.  He pressed his pelvis hard into 
her, his butt cheeks dimpling with the effort as he wiggled the tender glans 
around in her depths, instinctively trying to spew his nearly spermless cum 
juice into every nook and cranny of her uterus.

"Ohhhh... don't stop... please fuck me... fuck me forever." Sally was 
whimpering deliriously as she felt him come to rest inside her, his body 
falling atop her with all its weight.  He lay there panting, his mouth at her 
shoulder, drooling onto her skin.  She continued to grind her pelvis against 
his, her cunt squeezing and pulling at the organ inside of her.  Her cunt 
continued to itch and burn with desire.

Randy noticed with some surprise a minute later that his cock had not softened 
much.  It was still firmly embedded in Sally's oozing, rippling box.

This hot scene had spurred the other two on to further activity, and now Jen 
was kneeling outside the tub, with Brad mounting her from behind.  She watched 
from underneath as his sturdy little prick came at her from behind.  He 
managed to get it to the entrance, but the angle was wrong and his dong 
scraped along her nook, rubbing against her clitty and up into her mons hair, 
leaving a translucent strand of boy-cum entangled there.  As he reared back, 
she put a hand down to guide it inside her, and it went in smoothly, filling 
her to a perfect tightness.  Sparks of pleasure jolted through her and fluids 
began to flow anew.

Brad, with his smooth ball sac resting against her engorged clit and sparsely 
haired cunt lips, bent down atop her and grabbed her hanging titties.  Her 
tunnel was wet and tight, and rippled luxuriously along his hard-on.  He 
reared back and slowly re-entered her, feeling every contour of her stretched 
little pussy.  The muscle at her entrance contracted spastically around his 
invading soldier, and his dick jerked in response.

"Soooo goooood" Brad gasped into her back.

"Ohhhhh yeah!  Hump me.  Hump me good!"  Jenny groaned as she fell back to 
meet his driving lance.

Randy listened to the hot words as he felt Sally's cunt continue to convulse 
around his stiffening dickie.  Slowly, he began to grind his pelvis against 
hers, letting her little hairs tickle his bald abdomen. His glans moved in 
circular motions around her canal, the pleasure for them both becoming more 
intense as their bodies formed a harmonic rhythm.

"Unh... unh... unh... oh fuck... unh..."  Brad was grunting with each thrust.  
His smooth, muscular ass clenched as he drove into her, and hers swung back to 
slap his thighs.

"Ah... ah... ah... ah... ah..."  Jennifer gasped as the prick slowly and 
repeatedly delved into her loins.  Slap squish, slap squish, went their bodies 
as her lubricants lathered along his rod and her entrance.

As Randy's desire grew, he began to add and in-out motion to his grinding 
movements.  Just a little at first, not wanting to leave the safe depths of 
her wonderfully snug twat.  Warm fluid now coated his young binky and balls, 
and he could hear their own squishes beginning to form a counter-rhythm to the 
others'.

Sally squeezed Randy's tight little buns as he probed her depths, jerking her 
hips in short, wild thrusts against his slow movements to rake her clitty 
against his hard cock.  A strange feeling was building up in her abdomen.

The pleasure increased exponentially the farther Randy moved his cocklet in 
and out.  Soon, he was stroking her tunnel with full, smooth strokes, feeling 
his nuts bounce against her wet entrance, tickling them nicely.

"Unh... unh... unh... unh... unh, unh, unh, unh,"  Randy was grunting in 
chorus with Brad as their rigid dicks each partook of the plush young cunt 
meat.

"Ah...ah... ah... ah... ah, ah, ah, ah,"  Sally responded to each thrust with 
a higher and higher-pitched gasp.  The glow in her loins was now a fire of 
ecstasy, threatening to spread through her body at any instant.

Unconsciously, the two pairs began to synchronize their rhythms with the 
grunts of the others.  As their pleasures increased, so did the pitch and 
volume of the exclamations.

A warm glow spread from the tip of Brad's glans to deep in his balls.  He knew 
that another load of hot cum would soon be on its way into Jennifer's hot, 
hungry pussy.

Jennifer was about to cum again, too, as she reveled in the hot, hard meat 
plowing deeply into her.  Her clitty was electrified each time his firm young 
ball sac slapped into it, and her swollen cunt ached for relief.

"Unh, unh, unh, unh, unh, unh unh unh unh unh unh unh unh, uhuhuhuhuh," The 
boys groaned in unison.  Their bodies pounded into their girlfriends, dicks 
delving into ever sloppier cunts, squishing and squashing in the pleasure 
juices that resulted.

Randy's little ass was a blur as he battled for just one more stroke, then 
another, then one more, until he felt the warm flow finally refuse to be held 
back another instant.

"OH YEAAAHHH! unh unh unh unh, unh, unh, unh... unh... unh. UNH!"  Randy 
grunted in time to his orgasmic contractions as he lightly bit into Sally's 
shoulder.  Rocking spasms were threatening to blow his dick to smithereens.  
Ecstasy curled his toes and made his body taut as a bowstring.  Her pussy was 
so wet that he couldn't tell if he was squirting anything or not.

"Oooooohhhhhhh! Ooooohhhhh! Ooohhhh! Ah... oh... oh... ah... ahhhhh."  Sally 
moaned as her gut exploded with a powerful orgasm.  Her clit disappeared into 
its sheath and her pussy contracted mightily against the invader, trying to 
force it out.  But it pressed back, sending another wave of delectation 
through her.

Brad's cum was already forcing its way up his rod when he heard Randy's 
triumphant exclamation.  His grunts joined with his brothers as sticky, 
translucent strands shot from his planted prick into Jennifer's horny uterus.  
His balls writhed against her pea-sized clit and he felt her cunt walls 
pressing back at him, squeezing him hard, milking his eager sperm from deep in 
his loins.

Jennifer felt the juices sluice from her depths, and force themselves down the 
length of his probe, soaking his balls and her clit.  His strong little spurts 
shot into her, only to be washed away by her own orgasmic fluids.  He was 
kneading her titties with gusto, and she reached down and rubbed at his peach-
fuzzed little nut sac as it writhed against her gushing cunt.

Brad's last squirt had barely left his dick when he heard the front door open 
and his mother Jill yell, "BRAD!  RANDY!  WE'RE HOME!"














--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....