Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy



Honey  Chapters 1 - 6

Note: Although the text says chapters 1 - 6, I could only find 3 chapters noted.
This is all I've got. -jb

 I guess I can't even remember when I wasn't horny. I have always been sexually
oriented from my earliest memories.
 I can remember from when I was about seven or eight one time that my uncle
Mark was over on a Sunday dinner to our home in West Texas and he had been
showing off about how strong he was by making me hold my arms at my sides with
my elbows stiff and he would hold onto my elbows only and raise me off the
floor.
 We had been playing like that after supper that late afternoon and for some
reason that I can't remember now, I wasn't wearing my panties.
 I used to wear cotton panties then. You know, the kind with the double thick
crotch and little elastic around the waist and the legs too.
 Like I said, I don't remember why I wasn't wearing my panties then because I
always did then, and if my mother had caught me not wearing pants she would
have blistered my bottom for sure!
 Anyway, we had been playing out on the scrubby lawn in back of the house and
it was a hot West Texas day and he had played with me by lifting me up by the
elbows several times and then he lifted me and swung me around and had me
sitting piggy back on his shoulders with my legs over his chest.
 Uncle Mark was my father's brother. My father had been killed in a railroad
accident when I was about four and I don't even remember him at all but my
uncle Mark I had always known.
 He was a big man and very brown from the Texas sun and working outdoors
reading meters for the gas company.

 My mother worked in the small town I grew up in as a waitress in a really
dingy cafe. Both my older brother Bobby Joe who had a paper route and my older
sister Edith who worked after school in the sweet shop helping out as a sales
girl and cleaned up the place were home that sunday.
 Bobby Joe must have been about fifteen then and Edith was about seventeen.
 Anyway, there I was, perched on his shoulders, my bare little pussy pressing
against his big sweaty neck in the back and me with no pants on at all and only
a cotton dress.
 It didn't take any time at all with my uncle Mark galloping around the lawn
with me on his back until I felt the very first rising of my passions. My naked
little pussy and the sliding around on his neck were enough to make me cum.
 Or at least I think I did. It is hard to remember but I think that was the
very first time I did. Nobody knew it but me. I think now when I think back
that maybe my uncle Mark knew it too because we had been playing pretty rough
and he could have easily noticed that my ass was bare when my dress flipped up.
That may even have been the reason that he put me on his back.
 I think now that he knew I didn't have any panties on and wanted to feel my
bare little hairless pussy against the back of his neck!
 Anyway, that's what I remember about the first time I think I came.

 When my dad had been killed the railroad gave my mother a pension. It wasn't
much but we weren't broke all the time and we ate good. Of course we lived
outside town and had a garden and usually had a cow and a couple of pigs and
some chickens and raised some of our own food.
 When I was ten or eleven my sister went to Austin to college and only came
home on the weekends and my brother and I lived with mom. We only had a two
bedroom house so Bobby Joe and I shared the same bedroom with bunk beds and I
had the top one.
 My mother had the other bedroom and my uncle Mark used to stay overnight with
her in her bedroom and sometimes she had a boyfriend for a while and who ever
he was at the time would also stay overnight.
 There weren't any explanations at all and we all just accepted it that way. In
fact now that I think back on it, if we had wondered aloud about mom's
overnight guests she probably would have paddled our butts, or used a switch on
our legs. She didn't take any of our nonsense at all, ever!

 The next thing that I really remember was about that time when I was ten or
eleven and I still hadn't developed yet. I had nipples that had started to grow
and just the slightest swelling of the start of my breasts, and a covering of
soft down on my pussy but I was still a girl, not a woman.
 I think that it was around this time in my life when I started to develop an
intense interest in sex and everything connected with sex. I remember reading
books to find out what people did when they had sex and asking all my friends
what they knew about it. It was one of the topics of conversation between all
my girl friends at school and also one of the topics where a multitude of
mis-information flourished! I can't believe even now the total ignorance we had
about how men and women made love together!
 It wasn't easy to get correct information. I couldn't ask my mother and I
didn't have a father.
 One night around this time, I woke up in the top bunk of the bunk beds with
the bed shaking. I lay awake staring at the ceiling for a while wondering what
caused the shaking and then suddenly it came to me what was happening. I don't
know how I knew but I knew!
 Bobby Joe was in the lower bunk and he was jerking off his cock!
 I knew it was true without even looking. I could feel the rhythmic vibrations
of the bunk bed and hear the heavy breathing as he was jerking on his cock.
Pretty soon the vibrations were faster and faster and then the bed was still
and a deep sigh came from below me. I knew then that he had cum.
 That was exciting! Just listening to the movements and using my imagination
about what he must have been doing. I knew he read Playboy Magazine and had
some old copies in our room in the bottom drawer of his dresser. There isn't
anything you can hide from a ten year old sister!
 I dropped off to sleep with my finger caressing my pussy trying to imagine
what it would be like to have a man in there.
 During the next few weeks I was awakened several times by my brother whacking
away at night. It got so that even though I went to bed before him that the
movement of the bed would almost always wake me and I would lay there touching
myself and listening to his breathing.

 One saturday when I was cleaning our room because my mother said that if I
didn't clean the place she would restrict me to staying home all weekend, I
started looking for one of my brother's playboy magazines in his bottom drawer
and found some pictures and some stories that were written on typewriter paper
and were quite obviously carbon copies of some X-rated stories.
 It wasn't long until I was in the bathroom sitting on the toilet and reading
all of the stories and looking at the pictures too.
 The pictures were the best. Some of men and women and some of women only but
everything showed! There were pictures of men getting sucked on by a woman and
I think that this must have been the first time I ever heard about getting
head. It was very exciting and I sat on the toilet rubbing myself and reading
stories and looking at pictures until my mother pounded on the locked bathroom
door and told me to get my room cleaned or else!
 It was when I was cleaning the mirror on my dresser with Windex that I got the
idea.
 I was looking at the mirror and I found that if I tilted it right that I could
see my brother's bed. Within minutes I had the mirror tilted slightly and after
climbing the short ladder to my bunk, found that I could look into the mirror
and see into my brother's bunk! I couldn't wait to go to bed that night!
 It was saturday night and I think my mother was shocked when even though I
could have stayed up late, I went to bed early.
 I can remember laying in my bunk, looking at my brother's empty bed and
wishing he would come to bed and whack off so I could watch. I even
experimented until I found that if I would lay on my side I could see his bunk
clearly.
 When finally I heard him coming to bed, I closed my eyes and pretended to be
fast asleep while I watched him take off his jeans and shirt and climb into bed
with his undershorts on. I saw him reach under his mattress and bring out a
small book.
 He turned on the reading light he had at the head board of his bed and started
reading. I kept watching and I could see the covers over his shorts rising into
a bump.
 I could see his hand going down to his cock under the covers and then the bed
move as he pulled his shorts off under the covers. It wasn't long before he had
the covers thrown back and I saw a male cock in full erection for the very
first time.
 My brother was about fifteen or sixteen at the time and had a pretty good
sized organ for his age and I watched him fondle and move it around as he read
his book and pretty soon he was shaking the bed again and finally I saw the cum
shoot out the bulbous end of his cock and splatter all over his stomach and
chest.
 Let me tell you, that was exciting. I think that also planted the seeds of
voyeurism in me. The idea of being able to watch and not have anyone know I was
watching has stayed with me ever since then.
 Anyway, I remember watching my brother jack off many times after that but I
always pretended to be sleeping and he never knew that I watched and liked what
I saw.

 It must have been about two years later that I saw people fucking for the
first time. I think I was about fourteen or fifteen because my brother was in
Austin at college and I had the room all to myself except when he came home on
the weekends or when my sister came to stay a day or two and used his bunk when
he wasn't home. If all three of us were there Edith and I shared the same bunk
and Bobby Joe slept in the lower bunk as always.
 My uncle Mark still came and spent the night with mom occasionally and I was
cleaning my closet when I heard them in their bedroom through the thin wall of
the closet. The house had been built during the depression and wasn't much for
insulation. The outside was clapboard and the inside was not much more than
wallpaper on cardboard I think.
 Anyway, I put my ear to the wall in my closet and I could clearly hear their
conversation even though they were talking very low.

 Later that day I took an ice pick from the kitchen drawer and poked a hole in
the wall of my closet. Putting my eye to the hole I found that I was looking at
a coat hanging in my mother's closet of her bedroom. It didn't take me long to
offer to clean her closet too.
 She should have had a stroke with me offering to work, but she was glad that I
did. It didn't take long to re-arrange her clothes hanging on the dowel and
when I had finished cleaning her closet I had poked two more holes at different
places so that I would be able to see into her bedroom from inside my closet.
 Again I could hardly wait for evening. My uncle Mark was over for dinner and
he kept telling me how pretty and grown up I was and teasing me about
boyfriends and embarrassing me.
 I had grown up. My figure was pretty good even then. I had long hair then and
my breasts had swelled out until I was wearing a B cup bra and I had curly hair
on my pussy. I do remember that night I again went without panties and during
dinner while the three of us ate I kept putting a finger under my dress on my
pussy under the table and feeling the moistness and soft ringlets of hair. Not
really finger fucking myself at the table, but I was coming very close.
 I remember being very daring that night and I was very turned on and I do
remember twirling around once outside with my uncle Mark watching me and
knowing that my skirt went high enough so that he would know that I didn't have
my panties on. I had graduated by then to wearing nylon tricot panties but that
night I was bare as can be under my skirt.
 I even teased him and sat on his lap on the porch swing for a little while and
put my arms around him and kissed him and told him he was my favorite uncle.
That was always a joke between us because he was my only uncle.
 I even imagined that I could feel his cock swelling under my bare ass as I
squirmed on his lap, but that may have been wishful thinking of a fifteen year
old.
 Anyway, back to my story. When I went to bed about nine or so, I undressed and
put on a nightgown and peeked at the holes in my closet but the bedroom was
empty then. It was a long time, maybe an hour or so until my mother and uncle
Mark went to bed.
 I remember watching them get undressed and the getting into bed him on one
side and my mother on the other. I had my eye glued to the hole and it didn't
take long until they were kissing under the covers and rolling around a little
and before long he had thrown off the covers and was kneeling between my
mother's thighs and was fucking her like crazy. I couldn't see his cock but I
remember seeing my mother's pussy and remember how much hair she had between
her legs. I could see his balls though, swinging between my mother's spread
legs and how she would hump up at him occasionally.
 As you might have guessed by now, my finger was slipping around on my clit
like crazy and after they were done fucking and I was in bed, I masturbated
several times until I went to sleep from exhaustion. And that's a wonderful way
to drop off to sleep when you have had so much sex that you just can't keep
your eyes open anymore. It doesn't matter that I didn't have a man, it only
mattered that I came until I was exhausted and I went to sleep with visions of
sweaty bodies humping away at each other.

 I watched many times in the next two years, my mother with several of her
friends in bed. I saw most of the ways that men and women can meke love in
those steaming nights in my closet with my nightgown at my waist and my eye
glued to one of the holes in the back of the closet.

 I had just turned sixteen about a month and I had a boyfriend who was
co-captain of the football team. That was big stuff then even though my high
school was pretty small and I was on the cheerleader squad and the assistant
editor of the school newspaper and also a member of the Beta Gamma's which was
the honor society.
 I still wore my hair long then and my figure had filled out even more. I wore
the same C cup I do now and my figure was about the same.
 I was popular in school and was still just as interested in sex as ever, even
though I was still a virgin then.
 My boyfriend's name was Tom and we were so much in love. We used to make
excuses to get out and park somewhere in his corvette and feel each other up
and kiss until our lips were sore.
 We were parked at the airport one night which was a great place because there
was never anyone there and the parking place we used to move the car to was
gravel and you could hear someone walking on it for minutes before they could
get close enough to see what we were doing. The police used to come by once in
a while but we could always either see or hear them in plenty of time to be
just sitting and waiting for an airplane to take off or land and they never
really bothered us much.
 Tom and I had been going steady for a few months and on that night he had
started to put his hand on my breasts and he asked me to take my bra off so he
could kiss them. I had let him feel me but never my bare breasts until this
night.
 I was reckless and very excited and I let him unbutton my dress and then open
my bra. I remember how long it took him to figure out the clasp at the back and
how I wouldn't help him and how long he fumbled until my bra came loose.
 It didn't take him long then to have my breasts in his hands and my nipples
must have been standing out a mile. There I was with my dress unbuttoned to the
waist, my bra hanging from my shoulders in front and my breasts quivering in
his hands. I will tell you that I was so hot I was panting when he started
sucking on my nipples.
 The feeling was wonderful. So much better that when I fondled myself that I
was in heaven.
 I was laying partly back in the bucket seat, Tom sucking away like crazy on my
breasts and I guess I just forgot what I was doing because it didn't take long
for my hand to pull the skirt of my dress up.
 I guess all that watching my mother and my uncle or one of my mother's friends
fucking in the bedroom and me with my hand in my pussy that old habits just
took over.
 Anyway, I pulled my skirt up and while Tom sucked on my breasts and fondled
them, I had my fingers under my panties and was sliding my finger up and down
my pussy when we heard a car coming and we jumped and started to button up
again.
 Tom saw that I had my finger on my pussy when we jumped.
 The police didn't even stop but just took a slow turn through the parking lot
at the airport, but I never got my brassiere fastened and I know I must have
looked funny with the stupid thing just hanging under my dress.
 While we were driving to my house later Tom told me he had seen me with my
finger in my pussy and next time we parked he wanted to have his finger in
there instead. Let me tell you I think I came right in the front seat of his
corvette when he said that. It must have been a week though until we were able
to get into the parking lot again.
 It was a beautiful moon that night, not full but almost full.
 Very romantic!
 And I was very very hot and excited too. I wore my very best pair of panties
and I almost couldn't wait to get them pulled down.
 We had gone to a movie in town and even left before it was over to go and park
and fool around so it sure wasn't long before we were in the middle of the
gravel parking lot with the top down and Tom discovered very quickly that I had
neglected to wear a brassiere. That was the very first time in my life that I
had a male cock in my hand!
 By the time I had my dress unbuttoned and his lips sucking my breasts, I had
started getting bolder and I had my hand at the front of his levi's and felt
the big bulge there and how very hard that it was.
 Pretty soon I made him stop sucking my nipples and feeling on my breasts and I
got very bold and daring and I whispered to him.
 "Honey, I want to touch you down there. Sit back and let me."
 He was sprawled out in a second and it took me a long time to learn how to
open buttons on tight Levi's. I had one hell of a fight getting the things open
with all the pressure from below and the tight jeans too.
 I will never forget the very first time I had his cock in my hand. I had to
move my hand in unfamiliar surroundings trying to find the opening in the fly
of his jockey shorts and even finding the opening there were problems. Ever try
to bend the unbendable and get it out though an opening that was only designed
to get through when it was soft? After a while of struggling to get it out, I
finally just started tugging on his tight jeans and got them loose enough and
far enough down his legs that I could pull his shorts down and his lovely cock
just kind of jumped free.
 The thrill of having that moist cock in my hand for the first time. The
excitement of running my fingers over the length and feeling the soft skin and
the bumps and ridges and cords standing out from it. The ecstasy of moving the
skin at the top and discovering how easy it unpealed the delicious looking knob
at the end. Even in the dim light of the moon I could see a drop of slippery
juice welling out of the hole in the tip of the end of his cock and I remember
taking great delight touching and smearing that slippery juice over the head
and seeing how shiny it became with the increase of wetness.
 I used the same deft touch on his cock that I had watched my brother use on
his own cock so many times when I had watched through half closed eyes while he
had whacked off his hard cock until he sqirted his cum on his stomach.
 Tom was squirming around now, and my fingers tightly closed on his cock and
running up and down the shaft while my other hand explored the soft skin on his
hairy testicles was getting both of us so very hot that when he started moaning
and I felt his hips lift off the seat, I bent down and did what I had seen my
mother do so many times.
 I grasped his cock firmly and my lips slipped over the moist head.
 I was in heaven. He tasted warm and sultry and the pulsing of his cock
transmitted itself to my eager lips. He stiffened, his body trembled and for
the first time I felt the squirting of male cum into my eager mouth. The flavor
was divine, the amount astounding. He kept on pulsing, his cock almost
squirming between my eager hot lips and the cum cascaded from him to me. I
guess I was one of the lucky ones that discovered that swallowing hot cum the
very first time I tried was wonderful and I have never been one to spit out
what ever a nice guy was eager enough to shoot into my mouth.
 It was like chewing into the first bite of a succulant steak and having your
mouth fill with saliva. I had the very same feeling as I felt the flooding of
his hot cum filling my eager mouth.
 He lay still as I raised and sat back on the seat. I do remember hitting my
head on the steering wheel when he came and I rubbed the spot while my other
hand held his cock, feeling it shrink and soften in my fingers like a wounded
bird. I idly moved the skin, milking him and feeling the excess fluid slowly
oozing as his cock lost it's rigidity and became soft and floppy again. It was
wonderful feeling the power that I had to change him from hard and urgent to
relaxed and dozing on the seat next to me.
 I think he slept for a few minutes while I sat there looking at the almost
full moon, skirt high on my legs, my finger toying in the moist slit between my
thighs.
 I guess a lot of girls' first experience with direct sex has been by giving a
blow job...

 CHAPTER 2

 I was still sitting there in the corvette, kind of daydreaming and running my
tongue around in my mouth and tasting the after taste of my boyfriend's cum and
trying to figure out exactly what it really did taste like. Finally I quit
trying to figure it out, it didn't matter anyway because it was a unique flavor
all it's own.
 I guess when I was daydreaming, I was kind of playing with my fingers between
my legs because when my boyfriend moved I realized that my skirt was up and my
fingers were there.
 I started to pull my skirt down when he moved his hand to the inside of my
thigh and then right onto my pussy.
 "Tom Parker, what do you think you are doing?"
 My voice tried to be indignant, when in reality it felt so good with his
fingers there that I took mine away.
 "You played with mine, now I'm going to play with yours."
 "Well, I guess that's only fair, isn't it?"
 I pretended to fight a little with him about it but the truth was if he had
tried to take his fingers away I probably would have hit him!
 I can remember how it felt for the very first time when he was moving the hair
between my spread thighs and moving his finger in just a little. I must have
been very wet because I was very excited and my breathing was hard and I was
squirming all over the place and then he touched the magic button and I came.
 I know I must have made a lot of noise when I came because I always do.
 Anyway, after that we kissed a lot and held hands and then finally Tom drove
me home.

 You'd think that we would have screwed, but you have to remember that I was
sixteen and I didn't want to get pregnant and there were lots of horror stories
going around school about girls who had gotten pregnant and ruined there lives
and stuff so I knew that I didn't want to have a baby and I was pretty cautious
about screwing.
 We did go parking a lot though!
 It got to be the same thing time after time. Tom would park and feel my
breasts and my pussy for just a little while and then he would take out his
cock and almost beg me to suck him off.
 I would, but in time I got tired of always sucking him off and one night I
asked him to suck me off too.
 You'd have thought I had asked him to rob the Merchants Trust bank the way he
reacted!
 The long and the short of it was that he said he didn't want to, and I said he
must, and we fought until I cried and he took me home.
 We went out a few times after that but it was always the same and we would
fight and he would make me suck on his cock which I loved to do but he would
not even kiss my pussy at all so one night after a big fight I gave him back
his gold football on a chain that I had been wearing around my neck, and we
were no longer going steady.

 There were a couple of weeks that went by, and then we were friends again, but
that was all. By then I was missing not having a boyfriend and I was ready to
go steady again and I everyone at school knew that Tom and I had broken up and
before long I went out with another boy from school.
 Before a week went by we were going steady.

 It sounds funny but for the life of me I can't remember his name now, but I do
remember parking and playing with him too, and he didn't have Tom's adversion
to eating pussy at all!
 We used to really have some fun times parking at the airport and we used to
park about once a week.
 Anyway, it was about that time that Bobby Joe came home from school for the
summer and that ended my peeking through the holes in the closet at my mother
and who ever her boyfriend was at the time.

 I do remember coming home one day and the door to my bedroom was locked. I
knew Bobby Joe was in there and I snuck into my mother's room and peeked into
the holes from the other direction and watched my brother fuck his girlfriend
on the bunk bed. Her name was Alice and she lived down the street and was a
senior in high school and she was really enjoying my brother pumping his cock
between her legs.
 Anyway, I watched them until he came in her, and then I saw him get off and
wipe off his cock.
 Later that night I remember fishing in the basket and finding the cloth
covered with cum, and dipping a finger in it and tasting it with my tongue.
 It tasted about the same I guess as all cum, but I had to find out for myself.
I do realize that it was cold instead of warm so there may be some difference
in taste because of that.

 I think it must have been then that I resolved to taste every boy in my high
school class and find out what if any difference there might be in tasting.
 I did too! Well I almost did. There were two guys that I never was able to
give head to. One was going steady and all the time I was in high school he
always went with the same girl so there just was no way that I could do it with
him, and the other was a piano player in the school orchestra and even though
we went out twice and even parked once he wasn't brave enough to even kiss me
at all much less let me suck him off, so now that I think of it I think he may
have been gay or on the way, one of the two.

 Anyway, it took almost two years to go through all the boys in my high school
class but it was a small class and there were only nineteen boys out of
twenty-one that I sucked off.
 That was about it as far as my high school adventuring went.
 I did still see my mother fucking her boyfriends and my uncle Mark too through
the holes in the closet once in a while, but she had taken to turning off the
lights in the bedroom including the little pink light on the bedside table and
it was so darn dark in there now that I couldn't see a thing anymore.
 I sometimes wonder if she knew or had discovered the holes somehow and had
decided to end my show. She didn't plug up the holes at all, but she did turn
the lights off, every time!
 That was really disappointing for me. I used to get very horny watching anyone
fuck, and I still do! It was like foreplay to me and as I would watch I would
get so horny and excited that I would play with my pussy and cum and cum and
cum.

 I guess I was born lucky as well as horny! I have heard about women that
oculdn't cum at all! I really can't believe that. But I hear that it's true! I
know I never have any trouble cumming at all, in fact sometimes I have trouble
stopping cumming!
 I know that sounds strange to some of you, but the women that read this will
know what I mean when you get so excited that even afterwards you keep on
shuddering and shaking and you can feel your insides churn and the flood of
another release. Sometimes even hours afterwards when I start thinking about
how it felt I get miniature orgasms that are great!

 Anyway, I suppose that the next part of my sexual adventures would be of
interest to you now.
 I got a job after school and during the summer in a small shop called
Johnson's TV, that fixed television sets and did radio repairs and some other
little electrical appliances in town that was run by a nice man and his son and
his wife too.
 When I started there his wife was taking all the calls and scheduling the
deliveries and pickups for repair but she wanted to be able to take a rest so
they hired me to answer the phone and work the counter in front while they
worked in back on the sets that needed repair. I only worked afternoons late
and then on Saturdays and in the summer I worked from eight to five or
sometimes later if there were lots of sets to pick up and deliver.
 Mister Johnson was usually the one who did most of the shop work for the sets
that couldn't be fixed by his son Bill at the houses that called for repair.
 Bill Johnson was a big blonde kid about four or five years older than I was. I
was sixteen so he must have been twenty or twenty one and he had a girlfriend
and later married her. I even came to the wedding and drank champagne
afterwards at the reception.

 Anyway, on with my story.
 It's hard sometimes to write all of this down. Most of it I can remember very
clearly but some of it seems to have faded away and I don't recall all of it.
 I do remember the old Chevrolet panel truck that Bill used to pick up and
deliver the TV sets.
 I also remember the first time I gave him a blow job in the front seat of that
truck.
 It was on a saturday night and we had worked late and it was about eight
o'clock or so when we closed and Bill offered me a ride home because the bus
stopped running at eight and it was after that time.
 He had to deliver a TV set on the way to my house and when we got to the house
we had to take the set to, I helped to take out the cart and then we pushed it
up the walk to the front door.
 It wasn't too long before we had the set hooked up and working and Bill made
out the order form for payment and got a check and we headed out to the truck
again to put the cart in the back.
 Bill unlocked the right door for me to get in. Remember those old Chevrolets
had a high step and as I stepped on to get into the door Bill put his hand on
my butt and gave me a boost up.
 In the truck and driving out to my home Bill remarked to me something under
his breath and I didn't hear him so I asked what he said.
 "I said you had a nice ass."

 He had never said anything like that to me before, and had never ever even
flirted with me, so it came as kind of a shock when he said that.
 "I didn't think you noticed." I giggled at him.
 "I noticed alright. How could I help but notice?"
 "Well, you have a nice ass too!" I did like his ass. I liked men who had broad
shoulders and slim hips and good buns and he sure had them!
 We both were laughing then as he drove. It wasn't long before he smiled over
at me.
 "Listen, you want to stop and get a hamburger at Simpson's?"
 Simpson's was a little place that had a cowboy band on saturday nights and
there was dancing and some sort of entertainment too.
 "Can I get into Simpson's? I'm sixteen."
 "Sure, no sweat! We won't be drinking anything anyway."
 Our town didn't allow drinking establishments. The whole county was dry and if
you wanted to drink you had to bring your own bottle and they provided ice and
whatever you wanted to mix your drink with. And, they charged you for it!
 "Sure, I'm hungry. Let's do it."
 We stopped before long and Bill brought his bottle in a brown paper bag in and
we sat in a corner booth and he ordered two cheeseburgers and two cokes with
ice.
 When the cheeseburgers and the cokes and ice arrived, he put his finger to his
lips, then took my coke and poured some out and under the table poured some
whiskey into my coke bottle.
 He used a glass for his drink and I drank out of the coke bottle. That was the
first time I had whiskey, and even a little didn't take long to hit me.
 Everything he said was funny and I laughed at everything and then we danced
and he held me and I held him. It was a lot of fun and then I noticed what time
it was and told him that I had to get home soon.
 He grinned and said that I should call my mom and tell her that I was helping
him and that he would bring me home later safe and sound.

 Well, to make a long story short, I called my mother and told her that I was
working very late and that Bill would bring me home when he was done. It was
easy. Also my uncle Mark was at my house so I knew they would be in bed fucking
before long and they would never even know what time I came home.
 By the time I got back to the table and told Bill what my mother had said, he
had another coke fixed for me.
 "Bill, did you mean it when you said before that I had a nice ass?"
 "The nicest!" he almost leered at me.
 "Well, when did you decide that?"
 "The first time I saw you bending over and getting some forms from under the
counter."
 I started laughing at his eyes. He pretended to be looking a long distance and
his eyes traveled up and down and then stopped as if he was really looking at
something. My ass I guess. Anyway it was funny.
 "Honey, are you ready?"
 "Ready for what?" I smiled at him. Flirting I suppose.
 "Ready to get out of here?"
 "Sure."
 "Let's go, bring your coke."
 It didn't take long to get into the truck and Bill gave me another boost up
and I wiggled my ass as he pushed on my butt.
 By the time he got around to the driver's seat, I had pulled my skirt up a
little to let him have a good look when he was driving. I guess the whiskey was
really working on me by then because I was not only horny but I was a little
dizzy and lightheaded and laughing and giggling too.
 I turned sideways and curled my legs up under me on the seat so that when he
climbed in the drivers seat he had a good look.
 After the engine was started and we were driving out Bill looked hard at me.
 "You have nice legs too."
 "Well so far you like my legs and my ass. What's wrong with my breasts?"
 "I don't see anything wrong with them, but I can't see them as well as I can
see your legs."
 "I bet. You can't see much of my legs now, just up to here is all."
 I smiled at him and pulled my skirt up higher flirting with him a lot. I
pulled it just high enough so that he could see that I was wearing pink panties
and then I pulled it down again.
 "Aww, you didn't have to cover it up so quick did you? I can't drive and look
at the same time because if I really look then I might wreck us."
 "Well if I keep it up too long you really will forget to look at the road!" I
giggled at him.
 "Tell you what, I know a place we can stop so I won't wreck the truck, and I
can look longer."
 I just giggled at him again, but I did pull my skirt up high enough so that he
kept sneaking little glances at me.

 It wasn't long before he pulled of on a private road to one of the out of town
ranches and we pulled into a area beneath some big trees off the little road
about a hundred feet or so. It was pretty dark when he turned off the lights
and we sat there with the engine making creaking noises.
 "Now, you can pull that skirt up again higher and let me judge if your legs
are as good as your ass is."
 I giggled, and pulled my skirt slowly up very high. It was dark in the cab of
the truck and Bill turned on the little light up high in the roof. He smiled at
me.
 "Gorgeous! And, I like the panties too!"
 "I should think you would!"
 "Well, I do. Now, come on in the back with me."
 He moved between the seats to the back, turned off the front light and turned
on one in the back. I went back with him and he took some of the heavy
furniture pads to use on the TV sets and layed them on the floor, sat down and
patted the pad beside him so I sat down too.
 He put his arm around me and drew me closer and kissed me very deeply. His
hand was carassing my back and then pretty soon onto my breasts too. He was
very gentle and kept squeezing my breasts until I was getting hotter and hotter
with both his kissing and his squeezing.
 I didn't object when he started to open my blouse and then he unsnapped my
brassiere in one quick flip at the back. It was then that I realized for sure
that he had surely done that many times before because he didn't fumble at all
with the catches just flipped and it came loose.
 He reached under my loose bra and started handling my breasts and I was so
very hot and horny that I reached down and felt between his legs. I was
surprised to find him soft down there.
 I kept massaging him and I could feel him grow a little but not much and I
wondered at the time why I didn't turn him on. Most of the boys that I had gone
out with were always hard when ever I felt between their legs. This was the
very first soft cock I had ever felt!
 I had watched my brother get into bed and start soft when he would masturbate
and I was pretending to be sleeping but I was really watching, but his cock
would get hard very quickly.
 I thought I could make him hard quicker if he felt between my legs so I opened
up more and reached down and pulled my skirt high. He was feeling me through my
panties and he still didn't get any harder so I asked him to pull my panties
down for me.
 He did and asked me to raise up while he got them over my hips and I did.

 He didn't even wait but he had his mouth on my pussy in a second and was
tongue fucking me until I could't help but cum. He just kept on and his tongue
was all over and in me too. I must have cum about four or five times and I was
laying back with him between my legs licking and kissing and sucking me until I
was wet from his kisses and my cum too.
 Finally he stuck his tongue so far up inside me that I screamed when I came
and it took a long time to get my breath back to normal. We just lay there then
with his arms around me and he help me for a while.
 Pretty soon I got even more curious and reached to find out that his cock was
still soft. Amazing!

 I had to get home so I told him that and I got dressed and he drove me to my
house. The lights were still on in my mother's bedroom and I got a bright idea.
 "Listen Bill, would you like to watch somebody fuck?"
 "Sure!"
 "Well can you be very quiet and sneak in my bedroom through the window and not
make any noise at all?"
 "Sure, I can do that."
 "Wait until I turn my bedroom light out and it's the one right there, then you
crawl on in the window."
 I kissed him and then ran for the back door, and sneaked into my room and
turned on the light. I stood at the window with the shade up and undressed -
for him watching me outside but I couldn't see him in the dark. When I was
naked I got a robe and put it on and then turned out the light and slid the
window open very quietly.

 Bill came in like he promised and there wasn't even a bit of noise because he
had left his shoes off and was barefooted.
 I put my fingers to his lips so he would know to be very quiet and I opened up
my closet door and led him in after me. I put my eye to one of the holes and
had him look into the other one.
 My uncle Mark and my mom were really doing it and the lights were on for a
change. I guess they thought that since I was not at home that no one would
hear them or something because they were snorting and laughing and making all
kinds of noises while they played.
 My uncle was laying on his back and my mother was fucking him by sliding up
and down on his cock.
 She was facing the foot of the bed and directly at us watching her. We could
even see how wet his cock was as it kept appearing and disappearing up inside
her wet pussy.
 I reached out and found that Bill was still soft, so I opened his pants and
pulled his pants and shorts down and started to suck his soft cock for him.
 It did feel differently. Then it started to grow bigger in my mouth and I
could feel the swelling as he kept on looking in the hole in my closet watching
my mother fuck my uncle's cock.
 I used my fingers on his shaft to move the smooth soft skin back and forth
while I licked at the head and that helped a lot because I could start to feel
it pulse and jump in my mouth and it got a lot bigger and thicker very quickly.
It just kept right on growing!
 Pretty soon I had it almost all the way hard, not quite but almost! I could
still bend it back and forth but it was the biggest one so far that I had ever
had in my mouth and I went down the shaft as far as I could until I could feel
the knobby end almost into my throat and his belly was against my nose.
 I could still hear a lot of noise in my mother's bedroom and the bed springs
creaking and my mother moaning too. That helped to turn me on even more and
Bill too. When I touched his balls with my fingers I found they had drawn up
and were hard against the shaft of his cock so I knew he was getting ready to
cum.
 I moved my fingers faster and faster and really sucked hard on it with my
mouth very loose around it and a lot of saliva on it to make it very slippery
and my head was bobbing like crazy when I felt it kind of jump and then swell.
 The flood of cum didn't catch me by surprise at all because I knew he was
going to shoot. I just held my mouth very still and didn't even move my tongue
on him and let him shoot his cum into my mouth. I think he even groaned a
little bit but very quietly as he kept on spurting his cum.
 He got soft very quickly and then his cock shrunk back to the regular size.
 When I swallowed and then wiped my lips with the back of my hand and stood up,
he pulled me close and kissed me in a soul kiss. I had an orgasm when he did
that.
 Well, anyway, he sneaked out the window and I went to bed and my head was
still whirling a little bit from drinking the whiskey before.
 I wondered what was going to happen at the shop now that we had played with
each other.

 CHAPTER 3

 Well that started something for sure.
 By the time I got to Mr. Johnson's TV shop the next afternoon after school
Bill came in from the back and smiled at me.

 "Hey, how's it going?" He whispered to me.
 "Great, and you?"
 "Good, not as good as last night, but good."
 I giggled I guess and I probably blushed too. I used to blush a lot then
whenever I got embarrassed or excited either one.
 Anyway when he walked past me from then on, he would always pat my ass if
there wasn't any customers in the shop or if his dad was in the back room and
couldn't see him do it.
 I let him. I guess I encouraged him. I mean I did have a crush on him and it
was probably a case of puppy love then but it felt good and I liked it too.
 It is always flattering to a very young girl when an older man pays attention
to her. I classed Bill as an older and much more mature man than those boys
that I had gone out with before.
 I knew he was going out with Alice Peabody and they later got married and I
went to the wedding and reception and all, but at that time I was a little
jealous of her and him. Once when I kidded him about me having to kiss him
while he watched my mother fucking before he got hard he hurt me by saying
something.
 "What do you expect. I was with Alice all afternoon that day, and I was plumb
wore out."
 Well, that hurt. Here I thought he was reall horny for me and then I find out
later that he had been fucking his girlfriend all afternoon and then I had
sucked him off.
 No wonder he wasn't hard!
 Anyway, later I told him what I thought about that.
 He begged my pardon, and said he didn't really mean to hurt me when he said
what he said but he did say he liked me a lot, a real bunch and that I could
make his cock stiff any time I just walked around.
 I giggled at that one, and from then on when nobody was there I used to pull
my skirt up and wiggle my ass at him too. He would grab at the front of his
pants and pull his cock into a fistful of meat. It was was kind of like a
private signal between us. It got so that we would even take a chance with
customers in the shop when he would be out of the customers sight but I could
still see him. He would even slowly unzip his pants and take his cock out and
wave it at me. Ususally that would give me the giggles especially when I could
see him and the customer couldn't, but sometimes the tables were turned and his
dad would be in the back and I would pull my skirt up and my pants down far
enough to let him see my pussy with my finger rubbing my clit without Mr.
Johnson seeing that.
 And that is what got me into trouble.
 See, we had this big back room with TV's and testing equipment and wires all
over the work benches and it was a mess most of the time but sometimes I would
clean up in there for them.

 One afternoon on a Saturday I was cleaning up and Bill was working on a
console model in the corner and I moved over to where he was and turned around
and pulled up my dress for him to pat my ass. He did.
 A little later I went into the bathroom and took off my panties!
 When I went back into the workroom, and turned around and pulled my dress up
Bill could see that I was bare and didn't have any panties on and he was
reaching and touching me between the legs when a deep voice scared the hell out
of me!

 "What in the hell do you two think you are doing?"
 It was Mr. Johnson and he had been standing there and watching me pull my
skirt up and saw his son playing with my bare pussy.
 "You, get back to fixing that TV set. And you," he pointed his finger at me,
"You get your ass into the front right now. I want to see you working out
there."
 I was really scared to death!
 What if he told my mother on me?
 I cleaned up the counter and did the bills and everything I could think of and
I was on the verge of crying all the time.
 Later, about eight o'clock, Bill left in the truck to deliver some TV's and
Mr. Johnson came into the front and told me to sit.
 "Honey, I don't know what you think you were doing in there with Bill, but you
are sixteen and he is over twenty-one. He could get in big trouble with the law
for fooling around with a sixteen year old girl."
 "Mr. Johnson, I promise it will never happen again. We were just kidding
around." I was almost crying.
 "Do you know how much trouble we could get into if anyone ever found out that
you were back there with no pants on and your skirt up high and my son's
fingers in your pussy?"
 "Yes sir, I know and I would never tell anyone at all."
 "Will you promise never to tell anyone what happens to you in the shop here?"
 "Yes sir I will promise that."
 I was really scared but I could sense that he was not going to tell my mother
and that he might even be turned on by what he had seen. I thought I would take
a chance then.
 I moved in the chair and let my legs go open just a bit. Like about three or
four inches between my knees.
 "Mr. Johnson, just because I took my panties off in the bathroom and came into
the shop with no pants on it wasn't Bill's fault. You see, we were just kidding
each other and I thought that I would shock him. I was just bending over and
pulling my skirt up over my ass and he was looking at my pussy. I really don't
see anything wrong with a boy looking at a girl's pussy if she wants him to
look. He liked to look and I liked him to look too."
 He didn't say anything but his face was pretty red.
 When I looked down, his khaki wash pants were sticking out the front so I knew
he had a big hard on and I kept right on talking because now I knew that he was
all excited too. That started to excite me.
 "He had just reached out and touched me a little on my pussy which was getting
very wet and he didn't have his finger in it where it's tight or anything like
that, he was just touching on my curly hair and the pink slit too when you
yelled at us and scared the hell out of me."
 "I didn't mean to scare you Honey, It was just a shock. Did you like the way
Bill touched your pussy?"
 "Oh yes sir I did. It felt good. It feels good when someone touches my pussy
and it also feel good if I feel a hard cock too.
 I thought his buttons would bust at that one. I could even see his cock throb
under the khaki trousers.
 He moved closer to the chair I was sitting in and I let my legs go even wider
at that.
 He was standing over me with his khaki covered hard cock about even with my
face. I mean real close.
 "Do you like touching cocks?" His voice was deep and low and very quiet almost
like a whisper.
 "Yes, I do," I whispered back, "and I can see yours is hard there."
 I put my hand on his cock feeling it throb under the khaki.
 He just stood there stock still, so I started unbuttoning his pants. Hardest
thing I ever did. Those buttons were difficult to get unbuttoned but I did.
 I reached in and felt for the opening in his underwear. Do you know how hard
it is to bring a cock out of that little hole in the front of underwear? It
isn't all that easy!
 Anyway, I got him out in the open!
 He was a big man. About six feet and then some and had a lot of extra weight
in his chest. That wasn't the only place he had a bunch of extra weight!
 His cock was about eight or so inches long and very fat around.
 He had a lot of skin and it covered the whole head of it.
 I moved the skin and saw this thing that looked about the size of a beet and
about the same purple color come out. It was like it just slid out of this
heavy skin at the end and it was already all shining with a wet look.
 I looked up at him and his eyes were closed and he groaned when I started to
jerk on his cock. I pulled my skirt up and put a finger on my clit and started
to suck the end of his big cock. It was really a juicy one and it started to
run just as soon as I had it in my mouth. I kept moving it and moving it and
sticking my tongue all over it and sucking at the same time.
 Well, I guess he was pretty hot anyway from thinking about my naked ass and
pussy because before I was even ready he started cuming in my mouth, a lot of
cum.
 I mean he just kept on shooting and shooting and shooting.
 It was wild. Here I was sucking and swallowing like mad and he kept on filling
me up again. Finally he stopped spurting and pulled his cock out. He wiped it
on his fingers and tucked it away as soon as he could bend it again while I
watched him and kept right on rubbing my pussy.
 Well I guess you know that started a whole new ball game (pardon the
expression) for me at work. For one thing I got a raise in pay of fifteen
dollars a week and for another thing we bought a cute little sign that said
OPEN on one side and the other side said BACK IN 5 MINUTES and it hung on the
front door attached to a suction cup. You would be surprised how often I had to
turn that sign over to the 5 minute side and lock the front door too!

 Lots of times I would just get to work after school about four o'clock and I
would turn the sign and lock the door and suck off Mr. Johnson's big cock while
Bill watched and then if the door hadn't been knocked on or rattled then I
would suck Bill off while his father watched.
 I wouldn't let either of them fuck me because they both knew that I was a
virgin back then but they would play with my pussy and sometimes eat me too.
 Well, with all that sex, I was horny and hot all the time!
 Anyway, one afternoon I was talking to Bill and we mentioned the time he had
watched my Mom fuck and how hot he got then. I said that it always made me hot
to watch people fuck too. Pretty soon I asked him if there was a way I could
watch him fuck Alice.

 It seems that Mr. Johnson and Bill had converted a garage in back of their
house for Bill when he turned twenty-one and he had his own place where he
lived. He told me that he and Alice fucked there so I asked if there would be a
place to hide and watch him do that.
 Well pretty soon we were both giggling and laughing at that and he said that
there was a closet that I could hide in and watch if I wanted to the next night
which I remember was a Saturday.
 After the shop closed the next day I went with Bill in the truck to his place
and he dropped me about a half a block away and I came in through the back and
he was waiting at the open door to his place for me.
 It was a tiny little place and only had one room but the kitchen was at one
side and the bathroom at the other and besides the door in, there was only the
bathroom door and a closed closet door next to the bed.
 Bill showed me the couch and said that it became a bed when you pulled on two
places. It was the first couch bed I had ever seen.
 We fooled around with the closet door and found out that it could be left
partly open and I could see the whole bed from inside the darkness and Bill
said he would make sure all the lights were off except the light by his bed
when he and Alice got it on so that I would be in the shadows in the closet. He
got a stool and put it in the closet so I wouldn't have to stand all the time.
 Bill took a shower while I just fooled around and waited and then when she
knocked at about nine o'clock I rushed to the closet trying not to giggle and I
hid there.
 I couldn't see her then but it wasn't too long before they were kissing and
hugging on the couch and Bill put his hand on her blouse and then he started
playing under her skirt with her pussy and she was feeling the front of his
pants too.
 Well, it didn't take long before they got up and pulled on some straps on the
couch and it unfolded to make a bed that already had sheets and blankets and
everything but the pillows and those came from a place behind the couch.
 They were talking all the time and she was making moaning noises too while he
made her stand up and he undressed her. I know he was doing it so I could see
them and it was making me very excited. By that time I had my skirt up and I
hadn't worn panties because I knew what was going to happen and I was fingering
my pussy and watching and trying not to breathe too loudly.
 Anyway, Bill finally got all of Alice's clothes off and then he stood up and
she started to undress him.
 She had these gorgeous breasts with nipples that hardly even showed except for
a pink part on the tips and it all blended into her breasts instead of sticking
right out like mine always did. Her whole figure was terrific and she even had
dimples on her ass. It made me wish I had dimples there.
 Anyway, she was even more beautiful without clothes than with them.
 When she pulled Bill's shorts off he already had a big stiff one standing out
so I knew he was really hot. I also knew that one of the reasons he was so hot
was that he knew I was there in his closet and watching him about to fuck
Alice.
 He made her sit on the edge of the bed and lay back and he started sucking on
her pussy. All I could see was the back of his head bobbing around between her
thighs when he was eating her out. In a few minutes she was humping her ass up
and down and really moaning and he was licking her pussy like a crazy man.
 I knew when she came because she almost came up off the bed she was flopping
around so much. Then he lay on the bed and she started sucking on him. Well,
let me tell you I was pretty wet by then. I did notice that I was a lot better
cocksucker than she was, but I had had a lot of practice lately too.

 Her ass was up in the air as she was sucking on his cock and I could see right
into the crevasse. She had a pink anus and pink lips on her pussy that peeked
out of her bushy blonde brush between her thighs and the way her ass was moving
around her pussy kind of stuck out and looked like it was swelled open and I
could see a lot of pink inside her. Her pink anus made me wonder if Bill had
ever fucked her there and I tried to remember to ask him later.
 Anyway there I was in that dark closet, sitting on the stool with my heels
hooked into the bars and my fingers spreading and playing with my very wet
pussy and watching Bill and Alice getting ready to get it on.

 If you are reading this and either have your cock in your hand or your finger
in your pussy rubbing at the top, then you kind of know just how hot I was then
and that was a long time ago.
 Alice kept on sucking his cock and then Bill moved to kneel behind her and
moved her so that they were sideways from me and I could see a profile of them
fucking. Alice put her hand between her thighs and took hold of his cock and it
just slid right up her pussy just like that!
 They were making lots of noise and really fucking away and he was making long
lunges into her and holding her by the hips and she was fucking back her ass
onto his cock when I saw a movement at the window over the bed.

 It was Bill's mother looking in the window at them, not close to the window
you know, but far away enough not to be seen and stll close enough to watch her
son fucking Alice. All I could see was her head looking in at the edge of the
curtains but she stayed and watched so I stayed pretty still in the closet
because I didn't know for sure if she would be able to see me watching since
she was also in the dark outside and I was in the dark inside.
 Anyway, I was scared at first but when I realized she was just getting turned
on and she was a voyeur too then I didn't care anymore and I stopped worrying.
I mean after all what could she say.
 "I was sneaking up and watching my son Bill fucking his girlfriend Alice
through his bedroom window and probably playing with my pussy too when I saw
Honey watching them too from inside his closet?" I mean really now!
 Alice had her head turned away from the closet and laying on the pillow with
her back arched down and her butt arched up and Bill's cock was going in and
out and was all wet from fucking so I took a big chance and leaned forward on
the stool pretending that I hadn't seen Ms. Johnson standing outside the window
and I wasn't looking at her but at them.
 Well, her head really moved when she saw me. She stared and I still pretended
I hadn't seen her but I pulled my skirt higher and spread my legs more and made
exagerated motions of finger fucking my pussy so she couldn't help but see me
do it.
 Pretty soon her nose was almost pressed against the glass she was so close and
she didn't know whether to stare between my legs or at her son and Alice, so
she did both. I could see her head moving so I could tell she must have been
rubbing her pussy too while she was watching all of us.
 I tell you it was really very exciting. I mean there was Bill and Alice on the
bed fucking and me in the closet with my finger on my clit and Ms. Johnson
outside watching all of us.
 Well anyway, pretty soon Bill started snorting and huffing and Alice was
moving her ass so fast that there were ripples in her ass as the skin moved and
I had my finger in circles at my clit and Bill started to pull his cock out and
it sprayed all over Alice's butt and back in spurts of cum that stuck to her.
 She reached back and started rubbing it into her skin and even tasted it with
one finger too. It was pretty exciting for a while there and then Bill finally
got a towel from the bathroom and wiped what was left of his cum off of her.
 Well after the action all slowed down I saw Ms. Johnson leave the window and
then Bill and Alice dressed and kissed and she left. I stayed in the closet
until we heard her car leave then I came out. I had decided that I better not
tell Bill about his mom watching in the window at all. It wouldn't do any good
and it might cause some problems but I knew now that if I ever got caught
sucking Bill or his dad at the shop by Ms. Johnson that I would not get into
trouble since I knew she was a watcher too!
 Well, Bill took me home then and I will tell you that I must have masturbated
for hours before I went to sleep. You know how it is when you read or see
something very sexy and then go to bed. All you can think about is fucking and
sucking and stuff like that.
 I had looked in the closet holes but the lights were out so either they had
already fucked or something.

 Sunday my Uncle Mark was there for breakfast so I knew that he had spent the
night and I was kidding him and anyway he said that he had a surprise for me
later in the afternoon. It turned out to be a car and it was beautiful! He had
gotten a used car and had it waxed and polished and it was wonderful. It was a
black Ford and I loved it!
 We all went out for a drive and he started to teach me to drive it. In a few
weeks I had my license and everything.
 I guess I will never forget that car!
 That's where I got my cherry popped finally!
 I was seventeen then and maybe a few months more. I was going out with Gerald
Armstrong, a boy from my class and we had already done almost everything except
fuck. I mean he had played with my pussy and licked it and I had given him a
blow job a lot of times before he fucked me.
 I really wanted it.

 I don't think any girl ever forgets the guy she gave her cherry to and I will
remember Gerald for all of my life!
 We had driven to another bigger town in my car and were at a drive in theatre
and we got so hot we just left in the middle of the second show and drove until
we found a back road leading off the highway and parked.
 It wasn't very long until he was between my legs and his cock rubbing on my
pussy and he just pushed and it went almost all the way in.
 I have heard about it hurting the first time but it didn't with me hardly at
all. I just felt stuffed and then a little stinging and his cock was all the
way inside and we just layed there quiet and I felt how good it is to have a
hard cock in my pussy.
 Pretty soon we were humping away like mad and I came more than once when his
cock started to shoot deep in my pussy. I was a strange feeling and I felt the
cum in there and the spurting too along with the throbbing of his cock. It must
be the very best feeling in the whole world!
 We fucked once more in about an hour and then I drove him to his house and
went home. I even looked at myself in the mirror to see if I looked any
different but except for a lot of color in my cheeks I looked just the same as
when I had been a virgin.
 I used a hand mirror to look at my pussy too, but besides being a lot pinker
and almost red, it looked exactly the same too.

 The very next thing I did was to make an appointment with our family doctor
and go in for an examination and also to get him to prescribe birth control
pills! He was such a dear and was very matter of fact with me and wrote out the
prescription without me hardly having to ask him at all.
 So anyway, there I was after my period was over. On the pill and ready again
for sex and the knowledge that I was now safe just made me more excited.

 Gerald and I went together almost three months and then we had a fight about
something and then a lot more fights about nothing and anyway we broke up.
 He was very immature anyway and it got so that all we did was fuck and never
did anything else together. It was probably all for the best because we didn't
have all that much in common except for screwing.
 Not that I didn't like the screwing, I did! But you know how it is when you
are young and horny, all you want to do is fuck and we certainly did do a lot
of that.
 By the time summer came I was out of boyfriends!

 I used to let Bill fuck my pussy then because I liked him a lot but the
problem was that with Alice and me both screwing him he was plumb wore out all
the time. I knew about her but she didn't know that I was fucking him too.
 What Bill didn't know because I never told him was that I was also screwing
his dad when he was out with the truck making service calls and his dad would
flip the little sign over and then we would go into the back room and fuck.
There wasn't a bed or anything so I would just pull my panties down and put my
arms on one of the work benches and Mr. Johnson would stick his cock in from
behind and we'd fuck like that.
 Come to think of it, we never did screw face to face! He was a great one for
sliding his cock up and down my ass while I bent over the bench wiggling all
over then his cock would slide down a little bit and usually slip right in all
the way up to the hair on his stomach.
 It usually only took a few minutes if I sucked his cock for him first and I
would be hot and so would he and he would just slip his cock in and we'd be
fucking like crazy for a few minutes and he would start shooting my pussy full
of cum. He didn't ever last all that long but he made up for it in the amount
of cum he pumped into me. He was a real fountain!
 I mean when I sucked his cock for him and he started to cum in my mouth I
would just relax my lips and feel him spurt great big spurts time after time.
Even when he was done cumming his cock would drip out these little strings of
cum that was almost clear as water!
 I was walking around the shop all the time with sopping wet panties! It was
either my cum that made them wet before I got fucked or their cum leaking out
after. It got so that I didn't know what dry panties even felt like!
 One of the things then, and now of course that always turned me on was the
thought of watching someone else fuck.

 I still watched though in the closet when my mom would get fucked and rub my
pussy. One time I came home and found them on the couch naked and her sucking
this guy off right in our living room I just sat down in a chair in the living
room about five feet away and watched them.
 I didn't play with my pussy in front of him but as soon as he'd cum in her
mouth and he got dressed and left my mother and I had another big fight. I told
her that I didn't like to come home and find her sucking some man's cock in my
living room and she said that it was her living room and she would suck and
fuck whoever she wanted to and when I decided that I didn't like it either I
didn't have to watch or else I could move on out!
 Well, I got so mad that I just blurted out that if I wanted to watch her fuck
someone I didn't have to stay in the living room I could go and look in my
closet!
 It didn't take long for her to march into my room and look and find the holes.
Anyway, my mother started laughing then until she had tears in her eyes.
 "Honey, you little vixen. You've been watching me right along haven't you?"
 "Yes."
 "Well I hope you learned something! I have always loved watching someone make
love and now I find that my daughter has inherited my voyeur's love too."

 Well, before the night was over we talked for hours and shared all kinds of
things. She told me about how I really hadn't been helping around the house and
keeping my room clean and that I was now a woman and I had a mature woman's
responsibilities and I should act more grown up.
 It was one of the greatest nights of my life and I think I was closer to my
mother that night than ever before. She asked me if I were a virgin and I told
her. She didn't pry at all but she did treat me like an adult about it and said
that sex was one of the healthiest and best forms of play and love combined and
that even if love wasn't there that the sex was great!
 She started laughing about the tiny holes that I had made with the icepick so
long ago and said that I would ruin my eyes using them.
 "What did you want me to do, put in a picture window?" I giggled at her.
 "Hmmm, not a bad idea. Tomorrow morning we see about that!"
 Well, the next morning we had breakfast and then my mother and I looked at the
closet and then went out to the Art Supply on Fifth and got two picture frames
with glass and then stopped at the hardware store and told the man that we
wanted to cut a hole in the plaster for a passthrough in the kitchen. We didn't
tell him it was really a window to watch people fucking. He sold us a knife and
some spackling stuff and we bought us some screws and hinges and other hardware
too.
 It didn't take us long to get home and get the stuff we bought into the
bedroom.
 We took the clothes out of both closets and put them on the bed and then cut a
hole right through the closet wall just a little smaller than the pictures we'd
bought. We screwed the hinges on the frames to the wall after filling up the
crack with the spackling stuff.
 When we were done there was a picture frame on the back wall of each closet!
But no picture.
 Each picture frame was hinged and there was a black piece of cardboard inside
the wall. If you looked at the frame and the glass it looked like a mirror but
when either frame was swung out on the hinge you could see clearly through the
other glass into the other bedroom from either side.
 It looked perfect!
 We couldn't wait to try it out.

 "Honey, if I bring a man home tonight would you watch us and then tell me
tomorrow what you saw that you liked?"
 "Sure. That makes me excited to think about it. Why don't you just invite
Uncle Mark over for the night? I'd like that."
 My mother laughed. "OK Honey, I'll call him. I suppose you would like to join
us?"
 "Mother! He's my uncle!" I was indignant.
 "Not really Honey. Your father and uncle Mark are step brothers. You see, your
grandfather was married twice and his first wife was married before and had
Mark. You see there is actually no relationship between the two of you, or
between me and him either. I used to go with Mark before I met and married your
father."
 "I never knew that."
 "That is why I am telling you know. In case you should ever get a case of hot
pants you know now that he's not really your real uncle."
 "Maybe someday, but not tonight. Tonight I just want to watch and then tell
you tomorrow what I liked that I saw."
 Well, we laughed a lot and had a good time and my mother told me that since we
were now such good friends that I should start calling her Cindy like her
friends did, and not mother anymore.
 It is hard to change thinking about a name, but from then on I always did call
my mother Cindy.

 Well I had to go to work and I drove the car over there thinking about all the
looking I was going to do that night and when I got to the shop my panties were
already soaking just from thinking. Isn't it amazing how excited you can get
just thinking about sex? I mean like right now, here I am typing this and here
you are reading this and I bet we are both excited, right? And it sure feels
good doesn't it!!
 I worked until nine that night and then hurried home. The house lights were
all on so they were both still up and I knew mom was waiting for me to get home
before she started. While I was driving home I was thinking about Mark and now
I didn't think about him as my uncle anymore but just as a good friend. It took
a different way of thinking but at the same time I was getting horny and hot
thinking about how someday I was going to fuck him.
 Anyway, I was also thinking about teasing him now that I knew that he wasn't
really my uncle so when I came in and said hello to them I asked mom if I could
talk to her for a minute. We went to my room and I told her that if they would
just wait for a few minutes that I wanted to come out in my nightie and say
goodnight to them and that I wanted to see if Mark would look at me like a
woman instead of a child.
 My mother giggled at that and said that instead of my nightie that I could
borrow one of hers and she went to get it.
 It was beautiful.
 It was white satin and had lace at the neck cut very low with ribbons to tie
it together and it went all the way to the floor but it had a slit in the front
clear up to the ribbons too. The only thing that held it together was the
ribbons and a pair of snaps at the waist. Very sexy!
 You know what white satin looks like. It is silky looking and shines in the
light but it is pretty thin!
 You couldn't exactly see through it but almost could. I mean you could see my
nipples of course and the triangle of hair at my pussy if I moved to make the
material get close to my body but if the cloth was away from me then nothing
was visible.
 Mom also got a pair of black stockings and a white garter belt and I was very
excited trying all of it on while she went back into the living room.
 Well, it sure wasn't long before I was looking at myself in the mirror and I
knew I was going to wow him. I brushed my hair and let it hang down my back and
put on some lipstick and eyeshadow too. I looked about twenty at least.
 Then I retied the ribbons a little more loose and when I bent down in front of
the mirror I could look down and see my breasts hanging down!
 I turned around and looked at my ass in the mirror. Boy, you could see the
crack in my ass all the way from my waist down to where my butt curved into my
thighs. If I moved and my ass quivered, the nightie quivered too!
 Well when I walked out I practically glided. I mean I was so smooth and fluid
when I walked that my breasts hardly even moved very much under the satin but
just a little, you know?
 I almost waltzed into the living room!
 I thought Marks eyes would pop!
 I sat across from the two of them on the couch and crossed my legs and sure
enough the satin slipped and went all the way down the slit. My black stocking
showed right up to the top and a little of me showed there too. I slowly moved
my hand and gathered up the bottom and moved it over my knees. You should have
seen his eyes just eating me up.
 My mom asked if I wanted some hot chocolate and I said that I did but that I
would fix it and Mark said he'd like some too so my mother had a glass of wine
and I went to fix two cups of hot chocolate.
 While the milk was getting ready to boil Mark came into the kitchen and talked
to me.
 "You know Honey, you really are growing up now!"
 "Well, I am seventeen and in some countries I would probably be married and
have some kids by now."
 "If you dressed like that when you went to bed with your husband you'd
probably have a lot of kids by now!"
 I giggled at him and turned to face him with my nipples and breasts against
the satin. I shook my shoulders a little so that my breasts would quiver for
him.
 "Does that mean that you like my nightie?"
 "I love your nightie!"
 I threw my arms around his neck and kissed him right there. Just when his
hands were creeping over my butt the milk boiled and almost boiled over so we
had to stop but I had felt that he was hard against me when I let him go.
 I took the two mugs of hot chocolate with us and we sat like before except
Mark was on the other end of the couch right where he was directly opposite me,
so when I gave him his chocolate mug I bent over and my bodice fell away enough
so he could see all the way and look at my breasts.
 And, he sure did!
 When I sat down I let the front of my nightie fall open at the legs and I
didn't even try to cover myself up at all. I knew Mark could see almost
everything maybe except my pussy but he sure could see a lot of my legs. Mom
winked at me and I winked back.
 Mark quite obviously had a hard on. And the way his eyes were almost eating my
pussy out it sure wasn't getting any smaller!
 Anyway after playing and teasing until I finished my chocolate I yawned and
stretched and said that I was really sleepy now and that I was going to bed.
When I kissed Mark I am almost sure that I felt his tongue just barely touching
my lips!
 As soon as I was in my room with the door closed I turned off all my lights
and undressed and opened the frame on my side of the closet and took out the
black cardboard. The room was still empty and dark so I put on a robe and went
into the bathroom and when I came back out and looked again they were getting
undressed.

 Mark almost ruined my whole evening when he carefully hung his shirt and pants
on a hanger and put then on the closet bar. They hung right in front of the
frame on that side and I couldn't see anything!
 I didn't know what to do. I couldn't reach though the wall and move them
because I might be seen. I finally went into the living room and looked around.
Sure enough mom's shoes were there by the couch so I took them and tapped on
their bedroom door.
 Mom opened the door and kind of hid behind it and I gave her the shoes and
whispered to her.
 "Mark's clothes are hanging in the closet so I can't see a thing!"
 Cindy giggled and nodded and closed the door.
 I grabbed a stool from the kitchen breakfast bar and headed back to my room
and sure enough now I could see everything and my mom had left both bedside
lights on too.
 Well let me tell you that was an exciting evening for sure. Since mom knew I
was watching them she kept doing outrageous things and made sure that I could
see everything too. I mean that they sucked each other and licked at everything
and fucked in several different positions and everything while I kept my pussy
busy with my fingers.
 Once she was crouched over him and he had her sitting almost on his face
licking her pussy and she was leaning down and pulling on his cock and each
time she would squeeze it until it turned red at the end and really swelled up
and she got some juice to ooze out, she would hold it and look at me looking
throught our frames and wink at me.
 Anyway, it was pretty hot stuff and I was steaming I can tell you!
 By the time they were done and turned off the lights I was so hot that I
couldn't stand it. I went to the living room and dialed Bill and whispered into
the phone.

 "Are you alone?"
 "No, who did you want to talk to?"
 I understood that Alice was there and he didn't want her to know it was me
calling and was playing like it was a wrong number.
 "Have you fucked her yet?"
 "No, and I don't know who you want to talk to but I am about to go to bed
now."
 "Would you like me to stand outside your window and watch you stick your big
cock up her pussy?"
 "Yes I would."
 "Wait about ten minutes because I am driving over to watch you through the
window."
 "Fine, you do that. Nobody here by that name."
 He hung up.

 I put on a pair of jeans and a shirt and got my bag and keys and slipped out
of the house and drove over to Bill's place in a hurry.
 I parked the car on the next street and went in the back way. I was walking to
the window of his place to look when I was startled by seeing a movement in
front of his window. It was Ms. Johnson again watching her son fuck Alice!
 I stood under a tree in the shadows and watched her. She had one hand inside
her skirt and was very close to the window watching. I stood for a while and
then got very brave.
 "Pardon me Ms. Johnson, could you move over so I could see too?"
 She almost jumped out of her skin when I whispered that from right behind her.
She just looked at me for a minute at least and then she slowly moved over and
nodded at me to stand and watch too.
 I didn't make any bones about unbuttoning my jeans and sticking my fingers on
my pussy while I was looking in and watching Bill suck Alice's pussy and when I
looked over at Ms. Johnson she had her jeans unbuttoned too. I leaned closer to
her and whispered to her.
 "Sure does make a person horney doesn't it?"
 "Sure does!" I could hear the smile in her voice.
 Pretty soon Bill mounted Alice who lay with her legs in the air while he
pumped his cock into her very visible and very wet pussy while we watched and
played with our pussies.
 I know it must have lasted an hour or so but the time passed by quickly since
we were having fun.
 When Bill threw his head back and obviously creamed into Alice's pussy, I saw
Ms. Johnson shudder and I knew that she had cum too just watching and playing
with herself. It wasn't long before the light went out and we backed quickly
away from the window so we wouldn't be seen.
 "Honey, you want a cup of coffee?"
 "I have a better idea, let's jump in my car and go get something to eat, I am
so hungry. How about you, are you hungry too?"
 "Well, I could eat. I am hungry now, but not necessarily for food!" and she
laughed a deep throaty chuckle.
 We got in my car and drove to the only place that was open all night in town.
Seated in a booth in the back we were almost whispering to each other to make
sure we wouldn't be overheard even though it was after one am and there was
hardly anyone in the place at all.
 "How come you drove over to see my son?"
 "Just lonely and I wanted someone to talk to and I parked and saw someone
peeking in the window and that's when I whispered to you."
 "Well you gave me quite a start I'll tell you. You really scared the hell out
of me!"
 I started giggling at that. Thinking about her hand in her panties when I
snuck up behind her and whispered what I did. Pretty soon we were both giggling
and talking about our conduct watching with our hands in our panties.
 I had a cheeseburger and fries and she had a cup of coffee. Well we got to be
pretty good friends since we both shared the same enjoyment of watching and
were both voyeurs together.
 "You know, Al is so much happier now and so am I since you took over my place
in the shop. We were getting so we fought all the time because we were together
both during the day at work and also at night at home. Since you've been there
he comes home with a smile on his face and he is pleasant to have around again
and we are getting along fine.

 I didn't tell her that it was probably because I was sucking his cock off
almost every day!
 "Pardon me for asking, but don't you and Mr. Johnson make love enough to suit
you?"
 "Oh, well, most of the time he is great, but we have been married now for
twenty-six years and you know, sometimes I like a little more than I get at
home. Besides, it's a lot more exciting with someone new you know. With the
same person all the time you get stale and you always know what the other
person is going to do. I guess that's why I was out there watching tonight.
Just to see something new."
 "I guess it isn't easy fucking the same person all the time is it?" I asked
her.
 "Nope, it's not easy, but it's fun!" she giggled again and so did I.
 "Well, you ought to take a lover." I told her.
 "What makes you think I haven't?" Her eyebrows went up.
 "Have you? Tell me about it."
 "I suppose I can trust you not to tell Bill or Al can't I?"
 "Sure, cross my heart. I won't tell anyone at all."
 "Well, I met this guy once that sells real estate and we got to talking and
had some laughs one afternoon and he took me to look at houses and anyway we
started being lovers."
 "That's great!"
 "It sure is. He keeps calling me up and taking me to see houses that are for
sale or something and we make love and he brings me back home or else we make
love in his car. I won't do it at the house because if Al ever came home and
caught me it would be terrible."
 I didn't tell her that I had her husband's cock in my mouth or my pussy almost
every day of the week, not to mention her son's cock too. See, I was getting it
almost twice a day then and it still didn't cool me off it just made me more
horny all the time.
 "We'd better get out of here. If Al wakes up and finds me gone he would be
worried about me. Listen, I will call the shop sometime and we can go and have
lunch or something and talk again. I really did enjoy talking to you Honey. You
are the first person I could tell this stuff to. You know you are quite grown
up for your age. I think under the circumstances, you and I both fingers having
fun and watching at the same time, I think you ought to call me Anita instead
of Ms. Johnson, don't you?"
 I was really pleased to hear her say that and we paid the bill and left.
 We drove to her house and I let her off in front and then I drove home. My
head was whirling I tell you! Lots had happened in only one day to me. When I
undressed and climbed into bed my head was still whirling around.
 But I had made a new friend in Anita.

 Anita did call me at the shop the next week or so and we talked kind of
guardedly on the phone because I didn't and she didn't want her son or her
husband to know about our phone calls.
 She started calling almost every evening then and she would tell me about what
she had been doing that day and sometimes she would tell me that she had seen
her Real Estate lover that day and would tell me on the phone what they had
done in some very descriptive language!

 Once when Bill was out on a call and Mr. Johnson and I were there alone he
locked the front door while I was talking to Anita about what she had done with
her lover in the bedroom of a house that he was trying to sell and Mr. Johnson
turned out the lights on me even though he could see that I was on the phone to
somebody.
 He knew that I talked to my boyfriends on the phone and he didn't care if I
did that during business hours.
 The next thing I know, he was running his hands up under my skirt while I was
leaning on the counter and he had his head under my skirt and was licking the
backs of my thighs, all while I was hearing all about his wife fucking her
lover's brains out. I know he thought that I was talking to one of my
boyfriends!
 I mean it was really wild with his wet tongue painting circles on the back of
my legs and then his hands coming up under my skirt too and pulling down my
rayon panties. Very sexy stuff you know?
 When he had my ass bare, he started licking my crack from almost the middle of
my back down and then when he got to the hairy part his tongue would tickle my
pussy.
 I put one finger on my clit and as soon as I did, I came really hard.
 Anita wanted to know if I was coughing when I came, and I said yes that I had
something in my throat but it was really in my pussy.
 She started to tell me more about her date that day and her husband stood and
slid his super hard cock up inside me and I leaned over a little more and he
was fucking me while I was talking on the phone to his wife!
 That was some phone call!
 When he came in me and then finally pulled his cock out I was so wet that I
put my fingers on my pussy and just felt it drip with my legs apart right down
onto the floor until there was this little puddle of his cum right there
between my legs on the cement.
 I told Anita that her husband was in the back room working on a set and that I
was playing with my pussy while I was talking to her. I didn't tell her that my
pussy was so slippery and wet because her husband had eaten it and then shot a
big load of cum inside me but I did tell her how slippery I was listening to
her talk about her date.
 She sure got to breathing funny then and I knew she was playing with herself
too while I was and I think both of us came at about the same time. I could
almost visualize it.
 It really was exciting to me.

 Well, just before school started and I think it was about August Anita called
me one day and said that there was going to be a conference or a symposium or
something like that in Dallas for small business's that had to do with TV and
electronics and that her husband and Bill had to stay and take care of the shop
but if my mother would let me go that I could go with her and the shop would
pay all expenses for us.
 My mother not only said yes but we went shopping for clothes for me and got a
suitcase and an overnight cosmetics case with plastic bottles for shampoo and
things and I really did like the clothes and the other stuff we bought too. We
spent over three hundred dollars then which was a lot of clothes!
 Anita told me that we were going to paint the town pink when we got there
because it was the first time she was free to do what she wanted and she wanted
to live it up!

 A couple of days later we were on our way driving to Dallas which was about a
nine hour drive from Midland. I was so excited about the trip and we really let
our hair down and we talked solid the whole nine hours until we got to the
hotel in Dallas. We only stopped for gas and food and we really burned the road
up.

 The hotel was a fancy big one that the convention was going to be in and we
had to sign into the convention and get name badges and then get our room. We
had a gorgeous room with it's own bathroom and tub and shower and two big beds.
It was the first hotel I ever stayed at and it was the first time I had really
been out of Midland Texas.
 We each took a shower and then put our makeup on. There was this great big
mirror in the bathroom that covered the whole wall over the two washbasins. It
really was luxuriant!
 I put out my new miniskirt and panty hose and a pair of new bikini panties
that had lace at the edges and a white blouse that had a long piece in front to
tie into a kind of sailors bow at the front and I decided not to wear a
brassiere which was really daring then!
 Anita wore a kind of business suit that was cut very tightly and was oyster
white and a cream colored blouse to go with it. By the time we were ready in
our heels we looked great!
 Well, the first night there was a cocktail party and most of the members that
were there for the convention were men and there weren't any women that weren't
with their husbands except us so it sure didn't take long for everyone there to
know that we were there!
 Anyway, I had a couple of highballs and we talked to a lot of people and then
we were really tired and went up and went to bed after taking showers. It felt
funny to be in a room with a naked woman even though my sister used to walk
around naked in our room at home but I got used to it before the night was over
and I was walking around naked as a jay bird too.

 Anita had a good figure, a little plump but not overweight if you know what I
mean. The extra padding was a lot in her chest and she was busty for sure!
 Her hips and ass were more of a mature woman than a girl but all in all she
looked pretty darn good and I knew from the looks that we both gotten
downstairs at the cocktail get to gether that we made a pretty good pair. I was
still pretty slim then but my figure was great.
 "Anita, how old are you?"
 "Thirty-nine, why?"
 "I was just wondering. I knew that your son was twenty-two and I was just
wondering."
 She laughed at me, "I got married at sixteen if that's what you were
wondering. When I was your age I already had my baby."
 We chatted while looked closer at her. Thirty-nine she was but she looked
great. Dark brown hair and eyes and tan smooth skin that glowed with health.
Her body was like I said a little extra padding but it did look good on her. I
could see some tiny stretch marks on her tummy from having a child but the rest
of her body was superb! I only hoped that I looked that good when I was her
age.
 She had dimples in her ass! One on each cheek!
 Now don't get me wrong. I admired her figure but I wasn't at all turned on. I
am a man's woman and I don't go for the female to female loving at all. Oh, I
can admire a good figure and understand the attraction to another man, but it
is just that I don't get excited at a nude woman like I do a for a man.
 "Listen Honey, while we are here if anyone asks you how old you are, tell them
that you're nineteen. That way you can legally have a drink and maybe some fun
here too and not have any problems if you understand what I'm saying."
 "Sure Anita, I certainly do. Besides, I feel more like nineteen than seventeen
anyway."
 Well, we slept that night and next morning had breakfast and then looked over
the programs that were going to be for the conference of small businessmen.
There were different rooms assigned with different topics of conversation and
lectures and they ran almost all day. Everything from Income Tax and the Small
Business Man to Obtaining Bank Loans. There sure were a lot of conferences
offered. Anita picked out a few she wanted to attend and I found one that
looked interesting.

 Labor Management Relations.
 Now there was something I knew a lot about!
 I had been having sexual relations between labor and management for a long
time now! I wondered how many other business owners were fucking the help and I
wanted to attend that lecture for sure.
 We parted after our breakfast and I wore my miniskirt and a long sleeved
blouse with a big blue bow at the neck and found the room that the lecture was
in and sat right down in the front row. The rooms weren't very big and there
was only about a dozen or so chairs and a platform thing for the speaker to
stand at. They had coffee and soft drinks that were free so I had a cup of
coffee and felt very grown up drinking coffee as I took my seat.
 When the lecture started I was the only lady there and we all had to stand and
introduce ourselves to the rest of the people attending. I was a little nervous
but my voice didn't shake and I smiled at everyone there.
 Well, can you imagine! The lecture didn't have anything at all about sex but
instead was about hiring and fireing and how to keep good employees with out
paying them anything but just telling them all the time that they were wanted
and needed. I never heard such b.s. in my life!
 I got so bored that I started squirming around on the chair and I saw the
speaker looking at my legs. Ha ha!
 Fun after all.
 I had stockings on and high heels too so I just started to tease him with my
knees. First I would move sideways and cross my legs, and then move one foot up
and down and even let one shoe hang from my toe, then I would uncross my legs.
 Every time I moved them his eyes would look.
 Well, after a while I got him so he was forgetting what came next in his
talking. Once I even moved and crossed and uncrossed my legs and he stopped
talking altogether!
 I got up to get another cup of coffee and the whole room watched me while I
poured, added cream and sugar and stirred my coffee cup. Nobody talked until I
was back and sitting down in my chair and I knew that they were all looking at
me all the time so I wiggled a lot for them.
 I thought about bending over and letting them see my ass, so I put my coffee
cup down on the seat of my chair and bent to get my handbag. My skirt rode up
in the back and I knew they could see my panties because I could hear a lot of
men taking a deep breath and one groan too.
 Anyway, that was so much of a bore that I didn't go back after lunch but I
went out of the Hotel and wandered around and looked at the city of Dallas. I
was back into the hotel and I took a nap until Anita came in from her meetings
and woke me up when she opened the door.

 After I was awake we started discussing our evening plans.
 Anita said that we would be heading out to dinner and a few drinks and see if
we could have a little fun too so we got showered and made up and talked about
what we were going to wear to dinner. She said we were going to go to a real
nice place so to doll up.
 I couldn't believe the brassiere she had. It was only a half cup and just
pushed her breasts up and out but there wasn't a thing over the top at all and
more than half of her nipples showed.
 When she put on a black sheath with a tight cinch belt and a low scoop neck
her breasts really did stick out and she showed me how they moved when she
laughed.
 "I intend to do a lot of laughing tonight!" She giggled and her breasts shook!
"If I laugh a lot we may not even have to buy dinner. We ought to be able to
get one of these oil rich Dallas men to buy our dinner.
 I was scandalized! I mean she was talking like she was going to get someone
she didn't even know to pay for our dinner!
 "You mean you are going to get some man you don't know to buy us dinner?"
 "And drinks."
 "Dinner and drinks too?"
 "Sure, it will probably be the cheapest piece of ass he ever got!"
 "Listen Honey, they are lonely, we don't know anyone here except for some of
those guys we saw at the meetings today and I want to go and have a good time
tonight and if I find someone I like I intend to get layed! Now if he has to
buy me dinner and drinks so he finds out that I want to get layed then what's
the harm in that?
 I couldn't help it, I started giggling at the thought of her getting dinner
and drinks and trading them for a bedtime romp.
 Anyway, I wore my other mini-skirt, the tan one, with a brown blouse and shoes
and a wide Texas belt at the waist and took along my brown steerhide handbag.
 We caught a cab after Anita talked to the Desk Clerk about places to go in
Dallas. She called them watering holes and he told her about two or three of
them and where they were.
 We caught a cab and on the way Anita told me that we would sit at the bar and
just have a drink or two and then if we didn't like the place we could go to
another one.
 Well, we never left the first one!
 When we got there it was three deep at the bar and Anita just pushed her way
right in with me beside her.
 "Pardon me, is there a place here for a couple of fillies to sit at the bar?"
 Well they parted for us like Moses parted the Red Sea! In about a minute we
were sitting on two bar stools, surrounded by men wearing string ties and
western suits with piping on the lapels and big hats and had about three drinks
each piled in front of us on the bar. They were the most friendly men I ever
saw. In fact I liked Dallas so much because of the friendly people there that I
moved there to live later on.
 But I am getting ahead of my story.
 Well, I fell in love right away. There was this very handsome man in a
beautifully tailored western suit and rattlesnake boots on that was tanned from
the sun and had the cutest pair of buns I ever saw. He got pushed up against me
and he said howdy to me and smiled. He had blue eyes and sandy hair and just
looked lovely!
 We got to talking and Anita was flirting with two of the guys near her on the
other side and so I got to flirting with my man too.
 We traded names and his was Jim something or other, I don't remember now what
it was. I knew he was into oil or cattle or something like that because of the
expensive clothes. I kind of hated to tell him I was from a hick town like
Midland but I did.
 I told him we were there for a convention and introduced Anita to him and she
introduced Andy to me which was the guy she liked best of the dozen or so who
were trying to look down her scoop necked dress.
 Well we kind of shut the others out and they lost interest but Andy and Jim
and Anita and I had a good time talking together and laughing at the jokes the
men told. The jokes got rougher all the time but they were funny.
 I kind of wished I had a scoop necked dress too, I am not as big as Anita
there, but I ain't no slouch either!
 I decided to buy one when I could.
 Jim was standing right by me and I crossed my legs. My knee pushed at the
front of his tailored trousers and sure enough it didn't take very long to see
his outline under the tight cloth.
 You have to remember that where I grew up that men wore Levi's and a white
shirt and cowboy boots. It was a real western town with real western men and
this was the first time I had seen tailored western clothes. I really did like
them but I guess that any Texas girl would. I especially liked the way that his
pants fit so tight that I could rub my knee on his cock and make it hard right
there at the bar, so I crossed and uncrossed and crossed my legs about a dozen
times.
 I was just warming up to my task when Anita interupted all my fun.
 "Hey, Honey, are you about ready to go and get something to eat?"
 Before I could say anything both guys were explaining that we could all eat
right here that there was a fantastic restaurant right here and that we
couldn't get any better food in Dallas and that they insisted that we join them
for dinner and they were not going to take no for an answer.
 Chalk one up for our side!
 Well, Anita said that we had to go to the powder room first but if they really
insisted....
 We got a table and then we excused ourselves and in the ladies room Anita said
that she was satisfied with Andy if I liked Jim then lets have dinner and
whatever..
 I agreed and we returned to have a scrumptious dinner and a desert that they
poured something on and lit it on fire!
 Andy had a car that was only about a block long and we piled into it and went
dancing someplace in the top of a building and we could see the lights all over
the city and we had a few more drinks and I danced with both Andy and Jim and
so did Anita and Jim was being very careful to feel my ass and I let him while
we danced and I was getting so drunk that I was about to offer to kneel down on
the dance floor and suck him off when Anita and Andy bumped into us when they
were dancing.
 I nearly fell and when Jim caught me and we started to go back to the table
the drinks hit me like the ton of bricks and I started to get dizzy and the
room was going all around.
 Anita took me to the powder room and I threw up and I was so embarrased and
sick.
 Anyway, they took us back to the hotel and said goodnight and not to worry and
we would have dinner with them tomorrow night again and I said ok and tried not
to throw up again.
 I was so sick.
 When I got into bed Anita made me get back out and undress but by the time I
did I was sick again and then I went to bed and slept until morning.

 My head hurt, my eyes hurt and I was miserable the next morning. Anita sent
down for room service and got me a drink of something that fizzed and I felt
better.
 By that night I felt fine and I was really looking forward to meeting Jim
again but I was not going to drink at all!!
 Besides, I wanted to get layed and Anita said she wanted to too.
 "Honey, are you on the pill?"
 "I sure am."
 "I'm glad of that. I wouldn't want to take you back home to Midland if you
were pregnant!"
 "Don't worry, you won't."
 I didn't tell her that her husband or son could have gotten me pregnant if I
hadn't been on the pill. She might not have cared, but then again she might
have.
 Anyway, Andy's long car picked us up and we went to a quiet little place and
had dinner and then went to Andy's house for some drinks after. Actually we
both knew we were really going to get fucked but it sounded better to say we
were going to have a nightcap.
 Jim and I were in the back and Anita was with Andy in the front and we were
all fooling around in the car and Jim kept on kissing me and I kept on kisssing
him back and he felt my breasts and then put his hand on my thigh and was
fooling around there and I was about to push his hand up higher when we got to
Andy's place.
 Whew! Big! He really had a big place right outside of Dallas and we saw lots
of cattle and this big house and the door was opened by a lady in a grey
uniform that Andy said was his housekeeper but she probably warmed his bed too.
She was very pretty and was also very nice to us, smiling and leading us into a
room with a fire.
 Jim and I sat side by side, his arm around me while Andy and Anita were across
from us.
 "What would you like to drink?" Andy asked us.
 I tried a drink that had cream and some sort of coffee kind of liqueur in a
tiny glass that was delicious while the others had various kinds of drinks and
I wasn't paying that much attention to what they drank, I was paying attention
to the swelling in Jim's lap.
 Well, it didn't take long before we were all climbing the stairs to the second
floor and saying goodnight to each other with Jim and I paired and Anita and
Andy closing the doorway to the bedroom across the hall.
 As soon as the door was closed I put my arms out for a kiss and was swept into
his arms, his hands roaming all over me and then cupping my bottom under my
mini-skirt and squeezing and feeling while I was moving against him testing the
strength of the lump I could feel against my belly. Oh, he was hard alright!
 Well anyway, it didn't take long before we were laying on the bed kissing and
his fingers were as busy as mine were undressing each other until we were both
naked and panting like crazy with the desire to make it with each other.
 His face got into my thighs before I had a chance to do the same to him and I
could feel his tongue slipping all over my pussy making it even wetter and more
slippery outside than it already was inside.
 Of course I came when he started to wiggle his hot tongue inside me! But then
I wanted to taste him too and let him feel how good it is to have someone use a
tongue on your private sexual parts too.
 I didn't want him to cum in my mouth you understand, I didn't want him to cum
anywhere but between my legs but I did lick him all over his cock and balls too
for long enough to make his hips start surging up off the bed and trying to get
his cock deeper into my mouth but I stopped in time.
 I climbed on him then and his cock slid right between my legs like it belonged
there, which it did!
 I kept on rocking on his cock while he played with my breasts and I even moved
my finger to my clit and rubbed it gently while he kept moving his cock in and
out of my pussy while I was riding him.
 I reached around behind and took ahold of his balls. They were all tight and
round and drawn up against his cock so I knew that he was about to shoot and I
started rocking faster and faster on it.
 Well, when he came, so did I and let me tell you something, there is nothing
better than two people having their orgasms at exactly the same time with each
other!
 I kind of collapsed and he kept stroking my back and kissing my neck while we
just layed there, happy.

 Well, Jim and I just layed there for a while and then I started to get horny
again even though his cock had shrunk all up and slipped out of between my
thighs.
 I knew what to do about that, and I did.
 A litle squirming around on top of him and then dragging my breasts across his
face and over his chest and he was getting interested again for sure.
 I moved on down and kissed my way to his cock, all down his chest and belly
and then started to kiss his balls and worked my way up to the end of his cock.
He wasn't hard yet but it was a very respectable soft on anyway.
 I put him in my mouth and just let him soak in there, my tongue moving over
the little cleft and worrying the skin around and kind of softly sucking too.
You know it sure doesn't take long like that if you do it right and don't get
in any big hurry. Slow and easy and gently with a lot of saliva and moisture
and I don't care how tired they are, they cum right to attention. And he did!
 Well this time he wanted to slide it in me from behind and since I did that
all the time at the shop with Anita's husband I liked it that way too. I could
always look down and see it going into my pussy and that is a real turn on too.
The best part is that I can lay my head down but keep my ass right up there
waving around and it doesn't take much energy and I can just keep cuming all
night long like that.
 He rubbed his cock over my ass and then up and down my pussy and as wet and
slippery as I was from his cum his cock went all the way inside me.
 I was looking down between my breasts at my pussy watching his cock go in and
as it did I guess there was not enough room for his cum from before because it
started leaking out of me every time he stroked his cock in and out.
 The liguid would run to the outside of me and drip right out beween my thighs.
I could see it drooling. Not a lot you understand but some.
 He was holding my hips and I was really waving my ass around and it did take a
long time for him since he'd already cum once that night, but after I had
started yelling and moaning and cumming all the time he started going very fast
and pumping up my pussy and he came again too.
 I have always been pretty noisy when I am really turned on and I wondered
later if I had let everyone in the house know how much I liked being fucked by
all my noise.

 Anyway we just layed there with the sweat drying on our bodies and we talked
to each other for a long time.
 That's when I found out that he wasn't into cattle or oil. I had figured that
since he was so brown from the sun that he was on a horse or maybe on an oil
rig most of the time, but I found out that he was a accountant.
 An accountant!
 Here I was figuring that he was an outside man and worked outdoors and then I
found out that I was right after all. He didn't stay in a stuffy office at all
but he advised the cattle and oil people about borrowing money and how to save
money on oil depletion allowances and how the people that raised grass fed beef
how to make transfers to feed lots and stuff like that.
 He explained it all about how being able to find money was a very special
occupation and that he did spend most of his time out looking in the sun for
ways to invest money that would be good for everyone and he got some of it too
because of his occupation.
 I knew he wasn't up to doing any more fucking so we finally got dressed and
went right into the room across the hallway and there Anita and Andy were still
humping so we watched a few minutes and then went downstairs again.
 When we went back up later they were asleep so we woke them up and later Andy
drove us back to our hotel.
 We all kissed each other good night but Anita told Andy we were going to be
doing some night things at the convention from now on so we wouldn't be able to
see them again but next time we came to Dallas we would call them first.
 I think they were dissapointed but I guess it worked out for the best.

 I took a long slow hot shower and washed my hair and wrapped a towel around my
head. Anita was still awake and she took a shower then and when she finished we
got into our own beds and just talked for a while and told each other
everything that we had done to the guys and what they had done to us.
 I started getting horny again listening to her tell about Andy eating her out
and all and my finger was under the covers and just touching my pussy while I
listened to Anita talk.
 "Are you hungry?" Anita asked me.
 "I sure am!"
 The clock said after one when Anita jumped up and got the phone and dialed
room service.
 She ordered breakfast for two with three eggs and toast and sausage and coffee
and jam and potatoes too.
 It sounded good to me and I put on a towel around my body and tucked it into a
fold over my breasts and so did Anita do the same.
 When the knock came we were hungry as hell and starting to wake up again.
Hell, we didn't have to attend any meetings if we didn't want to and could
sleep all day so as long as we were awake we might as well have fun, you know?
 It is strange though, the more cock I get the more that I want. I had been
getting a lot between my boyfriend of the moment and Anita's husband and her
son too so I guess my quota was pretty high at that time of my life.
 The waiter brought a table in on wheels and poured out our coffee and served
us from some stainless steel covered dishes and tried not to notice that we
were only wearing towels but his cock noticed and I noticed he noticed.
 He was wearing this dark red pair of trousers and a real short white jacket
and he was very polite to us but his cock was sticking up the front of his
pants too.
 "Are there many waiters working this early in the morning?" Anita asked him,
and I knew from the way her eyes looked that she had seen his cock too.
 "No ma'am, just four of us. Not too many people want to eat at this time of
the morning."
 "Are any of the others as cute as you are in the kitchen?"
 He almost blushed at that one, but Anita moved so her towel almost fell off
and she had to refold it over her breasts and I think he forgot the question.
 "Are there?" I asked him.
 "I don't know, I think so."
 We were eating pretty fast now, and I dropped a forkfull of egg in my lap and
pulled the towel up and he was nice enough to use a spare napkin to wipe it off
my towel. His aim wasn't too good though and he missed most of the egg but he
got right between my thighs a few swipes of the napkin. That didn't do anything
to make his cock get any smaller either.
 "Listen, why don't you go down to the kitchen and bring along a friend while
we finish our breakfast because it might just take two of you to move this big
heavy table out into the hall don't you think?"
 Anita pulled away from the table to face him and she had moved her towel in
her lap so even I could see the hair between her legs and I knew that he could
too! And her towel was just about to fall off her breasts.
 He didn't waste any time at all. He said he would be back with another waiter
in about ten minutes as he left.

 When they knocked at the door, tapped really very quietly, I let them in. He
had brought his friend, a younger blonde kid that probably was not much older
than I was and I latched onto him by making a big show of moving away from the
table and bouncing face down on the bed with my towel flying open at the bottom
and showing my bottom to him.
 "Do you give massages too?" I asked him over my shoulder.
 He just grinned and I jumped back up and got a bottle of skin cream from the
bathroom and the next thing was Anita and I were laying face down with no
towels over our backs and these two were pouring lotion on their hands and
smoothing it all over our backs.
 It wasn't very long until my blonde was rubbing the lotion on my ass very
lovingly if you know what I mean. Lots of the fluid was going down the crack of
my ass and he moved the muscles of my butt all around and I knew he was peeking
at both my openings when he would separate my cheeks with his fingers.
 I turned and looked over at Anita, and her guy was getting his cock sucked
slowly. I watched that and got hornier and hornier until my blond stopped
rubbing and I could hear him take his clothes off.
 His cock started rubbing my thigh as he straddled my butt, his hands still wet
from lotion and he poured more on and rubbed my ass while his cock just layed
at the crack and kind of moved up and down a little.
 Anita's waiter was sucking her pussy like crazy with her legs up in the air
waving around all straight and his rump sticking up in the air and wiggling all
over as he was giving her a tongue bath at her pussy.
 I could see her hands laced over the back of his neck and she was kind of
moving his head between her wide open thighs to just where it must have felt
the very best to her.
 I felt my blonde's hard cock start sliding into my pussy then and I stuck my
ass up at a better angle for his cock to be able to run in and out of my pussy
at a level that felt better to me.
 When Anita started moaning and groaning I started cuming again and I was so
turned on that I turned and looked at my blonde over my shoulder and told him
something.
 "When you feel like you are close to cumming pull it out because I want to
suck you off at the end."
 I guess that was the wrong thing to say then because he almost stopped fucking
me for a few seconds and then he just pushed in once more and then pulled it
right out again.
 I had to move pretty fast and he was holding his cock with his hand and
squeezing hard to hold his cum in for me to get to it.
 I grabbed and held on to it but I missed my hold a little because before I
could get in to my mouth it started squirting and I got a splash on my cheek
until I could open and point it the right place.
 Well, he about filled my mouth anyway even with the squirt or two that I
missed inside. I could feel the cum on my cheek dripping down and I felt it
leave and fall to my breast but he was still squirting. I know it doesn't take
all that much time for a man to cum but I also think that time slows during
orgasm and it seems longer too.
 Well, I sure had a mouthful of cum, and it didn't take long to store it with
the rest of my after midnight breakfast either.
 A few licks and there wasn't anything good left to eat, just a lot of skin and
a cock that was getting pretty soft too.
 Anita was moaning and her lover had his cock between her legs and she wrapped
her legs around his back and it sure didn't take long for him to cum either. I
watched him just quiver as I knew he was spurting away inside her.

 Well, when they pushed the table out the door, we hopped into bed and turned
the lights out and I didn't wake up until after ten in the morning and I still
was smiling when I woke up!
 We didn't do much except sight see that afternoon, and we never did go back to
any of the meetings there except Anita went and got all the pamphlets she could
get her hands on to take home so it would look like we really did care about
the convention instead of just playing around.
 She was such a dear, and I kind of felt badly about not telling her about
making it with her husband and son all the time but you know there are some
things that you are better off keeping to yourself and sex is one of them. For
some reason people get all uptight about fucking when it's so much fun and it
doesn't cost much and it's like eating Chinese food, an hour or two and your
hungry again.
 In fact I was getting hungry again now!
 "Anita, what are we going to do tonight?"

 "Honey, I haven't decided, what would you like to do?"
 I must have giggled.
 "I mean besides that! We both want to get layed I know, the only thing we have
to figure out is where we want to get layed and when."
 "Well, we could always split up and go looking."
 "Mmmm. You know, that might be fun too. Are you sure you won't get into any
trouble if I let you out of my sight? Your mother would kill me if something
happened to you while you were supposed to be with me."
 "Anita, I am fully grown and able to take care of myself! I don't need a
chaperone at all to stay out of trouble!"
 "Well, we ought to leave for Midland before noon tomorrow so will you be sure
and be back by then? I don't want to have to drive in the dark."
 I promised that if I did stay out all night that I would be back well before
noon.
 Anyway, we did split up and I went back to the hotel and put on a blouse and
skirt and walking shoes and brushed my hair again and took one of the things
that were in the hotel room about the sights to see in Dallas.
 I caught a cab to the White Rock Lake and Park where there is a big lake and
lots of places to walk and fish and even some boats to rent which sounded like
fun to me. The area was beuatiful with big trees shading the place and lots of
grass to sit on too.
 I walked out on one dock and looked at the boats there and I got a Creme Soda
and was sitting on the grass under a tree when two guys about me age in SMU
sweat shirts came by and started tossing a football on the grass between each
other.
 SMU is the Southern Methodist University in Dallas and these two were
obviously college students there.
 It didn't take long before we were talking and I was laughing at some of the
things they said.
 You know it really is funny when you think about it.
 When guys have sex on the mind it doesn't take long before it is coming out
their mouth. The jokes start getting sexier and they let you know right now
that they are interested in some sex.
 There were a lot of playing doctor jokes and they were both intending to be
doctors after they got the premed out of the way. And they kept kidding about
giving me a free examination any time I wanted one. Especially right now when
they were running a special at no cost.
 Well I was interested in some sex too but not here in the park because there
were too many people around.

 Well, come to find out, they lived in a house in the North East section not
too far from here and they invited me for a beer because it was walking
distance and pretty soon we were walking with me holding onto an arm each and
incidently rubbing my breasts on their arms too.
 I liked it and they liked it.
 Anyway we got to the place they lived at, and it was a mess! I don't think
they ever cleaned it up. I don't mean it was dirty because it wasn't but there
were books and papers all over the place and a lot of empty beer cans too.
 They said they had a Mexican girl that cleaned for them on the weekends but
she didn't make it last weekend so the place was a mess. They did gather the
empty beer cans though and put some books that were on the couch on the floor
so there were places to sit.
 We talked about college and I think they thought I was also a student and I
didn't tell them any differently.
 The talk turned sexier and sexier and they were telling me just how
experienced that they were and how all the women really liked them which was a
dead givaway that they were probably virgins and hadn't had a woman yet.
 "You two are probably pulling my leg," I told them, "if I thought though that
the two of you were really that experienced then I would run."
 It didn't take long until they both admitted that they really weren't all that
experienced at all and over another beer I got both of them to admit that I was
right and they really were virgins, both of them.
 You know a lot of women never even have one, and here I had two! And I
intended to make the very most of it!
 I had them eating out of my hands in no time at all. I just kept talking about
how much fun it would be for me to really pop a couple of cherries and they
were ready to do handsprings for me if I asked them to.
 "I bet the two of you have never even seen between a girls legs, now have
you?"
 They both admitted to looking at pictures but finally said that no, they
hadn't but they would sure like to.
 "Well, since you are both almost doctors," they grinned at that one, "I guess
it would be alright if you were to examine me."
 You never saw such scurrying around and they had the dining room table cleared
off in nothing flat and a surplus army blanket folded twice for a pad and a
pillow for my head to.
 It was kind of kinky but it was getting more exciting all the time.
 "Don't real doctors always wear white?" I kidded them.
 Well, I had them so shook up that they agreed and said that they could put
sheet on and look like doctors because they would have to put a sheet over me
when the did the examination anyway and what was three more sheets?
 We had another beer each and the came back before long wearing sheets and we
did a lot of laughing at that. Then they put a chair by the table so I could
get on it and they both argued that they had to undress me on the table. I
never did find out what happened to the other sheet and they never did use it
either.
 It was getting kinkier and kinkier and more fun too.

 I lay back on the table with my head on the pillow and they finally decided
which one got to do the upper part and which one got to do the lower part and
then they would switch.
 I was really getting excited now and they got to undressing me. My blouse and
brassiere were off before they even got my shoes off, but the lower doctor took
more time and started caressing my legs at the calves and then worked up under
my skirt until I felt his hands going over the nylon between my thighs. It must
have been pretty wet by that time.
 The doctor at my breasts was doing his thing there too. Fingers first and then
he started sucking on my nipples and licking my breasts. I could feel the lower
doctor unfasten my skirt and I had to raise up to get it pulled off me, and the
same thing with my panties too.
 I must tell you that I came when he pulled my pants down.
 Anyway, between getting my breasts licked and then when the other one started
feeling around between my thighs and I opened them for him to get a closer
look, my hand just somehow found a hard cock beneath a white sheet and it
wasn't all that long until I had it out from under all that percal.
 I felt myself being pulled to the edge of the table so my ass was just resting
on the edge and I looked up to see my doctor standing between my legs with his
hard cock pounding away and throbbing and he started to move it up and down my
pussy but he had the wrong angle and I had to reach down and take hold of him
and move it about an inch lower until he started sliding inside me.
 He was having the time of his life and just got all the way inside and then
didn't move at all, just stayed there and throbbed enjoying the first pussy in
his life. I couldn't stay still and I started humping up and down and my ass
was having a ball, in fact two balls. Both rubbing at me while I moved.
 It was not too long before he started banging away and he kept holding my legs
and moving his cock until I felt it start spurting in me.
 I really went wild then.
 When he pulled it out, the other was right there, sticking it into a hot wet
pussy and I was even making wet noises with my pussy both from the cum from me
and the cum from his friend.
 That fuck didn't last long either but that was alright, it was very satisfying
anyway.
 Well after that, they did want to look closer between my thighs and I even
used my fingers so they could see more pink inside me. They were both very
curious and I did put my finger on my clit and show it to them and how to find
it and made each one do the same.
 I finally got the sheet that had been there all the time and we sat on the
couch and had the rest of our beers and I told them I would spend the night if
they wanted me to.
 We got to talking about fucking and sucking and I promised that I would give
each of them a blow job later but we did have to get something to eat sooner or
later.
 We went out to a small place together and ate and got back about sundown.
 I insisted that they clean off one bed of the books and papers and then we
went back into the living room. One of the things that I was learning was that
men like to talk about sex and it really does make them horny just like it does
me. So I insisted that they start telling me about the times that they had
almost made out and how close they got before they missed and we sat and talked
about how it felt for a man to feel his first breast and the feeling when
sinking a finger into a warm and wanting pussy.
 Anyway when both of them were about as ready as they were going to ever get, I
took them into the clean bed and there the three of us undressed each other and
then climbed into bed and I gave each one of them his first blow job, slowly
and carefully and with love.
 We slept for a while all three in the same bed and then later during the night
we made love again, one after the other until I was exhausted. We slept cuddled
up together like puppies.
 In the morning before the sun was hardly up, I called a cab and then the horn
tooted we kissed each other tenderly and I waved goodbye from the cab window
until they were out of sight.


The End, I think...