Archive-name: School/hook-up.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Hooking Up - 1 to 4


   This is the first of many related stories I'm writing.  If there is 
sufficient interest, I may continue writing beyond the first few.

   There is/was/will be lots of sex in here for those who enjoy reading 
about it, but you'll have to be patient through this introduction, which is 
there to set the tone and background of the events depicted.

Standard Disclaimer:  This school does not exist.  Nor did the events 
described here ever actually occur, nor does ANYONE described here actually 
represent any real or fictional people you have ever heard about.  This 
story does not exist! This story may not be copied or printed anywhere in 
public except for the propagation over "netnews" and PRIVATE enjoyment.  No 
profit may be made in any form from the use or publication of this story 
(except by me or unless you send ME checks...)!


		   ---  H O O K I N G  -  U P  ---
Chapter 1:  Background

   Hi.  My name's Phil.

   A few years back, I attended a small college on the gulf of Mexico in 
order to finish up my BA.  When I chose the school, I had no idea of the 
surprises that awaited me; I had been seeing someone and we transferred 
there together, but broke up 6 months later, leaving both of us to explore 
the more social aspects of the school.  As it turned out, I had much to be 
grateful for....

   The school was reputable academically, yet socially must have been the 
US's best kept college sex secret.  I was amazed to find out how much 
rampant sex there was going around.  Phew.  Of course, I never heard much 
about really bizarre or heavy group sex, just a LOT of what most people 
would consider normal sex, often with people we all just didn't know well.  
And it was all within the college environment.  There were less than 2000 
people at this school, and if you didn't go there, you didn't fit in, and no 
one would have known a thing.  

   It was called scrumping, and/or hooking up.  There were these parties, 
almost always one on Friday night and one on Saturday night, and they were 
BIG, and most everyone within the social crowd (about 2/3 of the students) 
showed up at one time or another.  The parties would start at 9pm, get busy 
by around 11pm, and pretty much end by around 2am.  There were inevitably 
themes, varying from bands to DJ's to tropical ideas to any other idea 
someone could come up with for a party.  But it was always the same thing.  
And even though people complained about it all the time, everyone still went 
and participated in some fashion or other.

   Some people didn't participate in hooking up.  Some people refused to 
sleep with some drunk person they met at a party, even if they wanted to, 
and just socialized with friends.  That was ok.  Also, many people preferred 
to have girlfriends and boyfriends, and sometimes those relationships lasted 
a while.  More often they didn't, and then such relationships only served 
the purpose of giving people allegedly safe & reliable sex with a single 
partner, for as long as that lasted.  Even so, most people didn't go to a 
blood testing center together to be sure of their new partners.  But some 
did.

   Actually scrumping wasn't really having sex.  Scrumping was when girls 
(or boys-- I don't want to be sexist, but it applied more to girls) didn't 
really want to have intercourse, but got really horny and dry-humped.  They 
kept their underwear on, kissed & petted and did everything else, and 
generally made sure the guy was satisfied so he wouldn't ask for anything 
else.  Just wanted to clear up that term.  But don't think that people ONLY 
scrumped; rather, it was probably the exception to sex as opposed to the 
rule.

   So there was a LOT of sex going on.  And the weird thing about it was 
that two people who didn't necessarily know each other well, would go off 
and have sex, maybe stay the night, and then not talk to each other after 
that.  Or not mention what happened.  They would act like nothing happened!  
I always thought that was really weird.  Oh well.  Whatever floats your 
boat.  A friend once confided in me something her best female friend once 
said...  she once passed a guy she slept with a couple of weeks prior, and 
he said "hey, what's up?"  and went on her way.  She thought...  "How can 
you just be so nonchalant about it?  I've seen your penis!!!!"  I always got 
a kick out of that story.

   I never did fuck her.  But I wanted to...

   Anyhow, now that you have some background, I thought i'd start my 
narrative with how I met my first Scrumper!



Chapter 2: My First Scrumper, and her Roommate!

   I met my first scrumper while I was doing the laundry.  I was a junior, 
and we were in the beginning of the fall semester, actually during freshman 
orientation.  I was there as an orientation counselor of sorts.  I wasn't 
formally, but I was associated with one of the student organizations that 
wanted to be there and involved.  One of the benefits was that I could move 
into my dorm room before the other returning students.

   I had spent a good deal of the summer (while working in the area) 
designing and building a custom loft for my single dorm room (TINY, only 
about 8x10 with an alcove & a closet.  It was amazing, and it split the room 
up literally into two stories, albeit VERY LOW CEILINGED, complete with a 
section with no deck where the staircase (not ladder, a real but steep 
staircase) rose up.  My mattress was on top and my livingroom/  
entertainment center was below.  Although you might say my entertainment 
center moved... upstairs...  when the need arose.  I had carpeting 
everywhere, and the loft was immobile, way overdesigned, and sturdy.  There 
was NO flex in the upstairs deck.  I could have put a waterbed on the top.  
Anyway, I had a huge stereo, a couch, a bed, a desk, and just about 
everything a college student could want (except a car).  It was an amazing 
room.

   As if I didn't already know this, every new and returning student who 
passed my door spent at least ten minutes dumbstruck either inside my room 
or standing at the room's edge looking in, no doubt jealous.  I had 
conceived of this tiny space as being the ultimate dorm home, and it was.  
Some of my friends referred to this later as a fuck-shack.  Originally this 
was not the intention (seriously!).  But I didn't mind.  Later on, it became 
clear to me that that was one of the fringe benefits.  Most  people put 
together their own little variation of the dorm routine.  I had a home.

   Anyhow, one afternoon during this frosh orientation, I was doing laundry.  
And I had just put some clothes into the dryer and left the room when I saw 
this pert strawberry blonde headed there with a basket full of clothes.  She 
smiled; I smiled back; I had no idea who she was, but she had really large 
breasts, and I was glad I had sunglasses on to hide the fact that I was 
staring.  By themselves they were large, but because she was about my height 
and also well built (trim, but not petite) they didn't seem too big.  In 
fact, they probably looked very proportionate, now that I think about it.  
In any case, I just mumbled something about freeing up the washers, and that 
I would be back a little later; I had to go get a haircut and might be a 
little late in removing my clothes.  She had to be a freshman.

   That was all that happened until I got back.  I dropped my wallet off in 
my room and went to pick up my clothes in the dryers, when I noticed all of 
my clothes *VERY* neatly folded on top of the dryer.  I had never seen this 
before!  Never!  Well, obviously, I was impressed, so when I brought the 
clothes back to my room, I wrote a note saying "To whomever folded my 
laundry:  Thank you!  I've never seen that before!  If you feel like it, you 
can come on by my room (and I put the room number) for a beer or soda.  If 
not, thanks again!"  and I went and taped the note back to the dryer top.

   I had almost forgotten the whole event when about an hour later, this 
girl showed up in my doorway (I always left the door open when I wasn't 
doing anything private-- friendlier that way I guess)!  With a BIG grin! I 
invited her in and found out her name was Kati and that she figured it was 
just the expected courtesy to fold clothes so they don't wrinkle and I said 
no one had ever done that for me and thanked her, while I handed her beer.  
I jokingly asked if she was 18, and she said just barely (offering alcohol 
to minors if you were an upperclassmen was both frowned upon SERIOUSLY and 
ironically overlooked.  Freshman were going to find a way to do as they 
pleased anyhow.

   So Kati accepted a beer, and we started talking.  She thought my room was 
amazing, and I thought she had great tits, considering the way they were 
pushing out her t-shirt.  Anyhow, nothing happened that afternoon, but what 
I didn't know (until later) was that when she left, she ran to her room to 
tell her roommate that she had met this JUNIOR with the most fantastic room.  
She called me up to see if I was still planning on renting a movie with my 
friend Marc, and if so could she come, and bring along her roommate.  I 
agreed, and after calling Marc, managed to convince him to spend some time 
frosh-trim hunting.  This was *orientation*, after all.

   Marc and I both know this guy from the previous Summer who described his 
orientation weeks as an upperclassman:  If you don't get laid the first 
night, you might as well stop trying.  I thought this was pretty sexist; 
although I wanted sex as much as the next guy; I  (Don't think I'm a wimp; 
I'm just too educated to treat women like dirt) just didn't think it was 
worth fucking someone over after fucking them.  I mean, if the girl is 
interested in just FUCKING for the hell of it, GREAT.  But I think date rape 
is despicable.  Anyhow, enough of my rambling.

That night Marc got the movies and came over to my room (he had a bigger 
apartment off campus) but he always felt out of touch with the college scene 
and the social life on campus.  So he came over, and shortly after, we heard 
a knock on the door.  I knew it was Kati, and opened the door.  BIG 
surprise!  I recognized the face behind her!  And that BODY!  Kati 
introduced her roommate Christine to both of us.  NICE TO MEET YOU....

	...The Flashback...

I knew Christine not by name, but visually from something of a distance.  On 
the first day of orientation, all the frosh and the counselors were supposed 
to go to a big beach party held by the alumni council at this nearby strip 
of deserted (usually) beach.  The day was filled mostly with swimming, 
tanning, volleyball and FOOD.  Paradise for a little while.  Well, Christine 
was there I suppose with her roommate Kati; I DIDN'T NOTICE because 
Christine was so hot.  Christine blew away anyone within 10 yards of her.  
BLAM!  What a body!  She was petite, but she still looked like she had these 
amazing long tan legs.  And they ended in the most fantastic, strong and 
perfect bubble butt.  Phew.  She had small but beautifully rounded breasts 
that stopped in these little dark pencil eraser nipples (VERY visible).  And 
her face...  she had the sexiest little eyes and pouting lips MADE for 
giving head.  WOW.  WOW.  I was so busy staring at her through my glasses 
that one of the counselors I had been seeing during the end of the Summer 
(through around that time) started to think I wasn't paying any attention to 
her.  We were sitting on the beach, and Christine was wading thigh deep 
along with several girls.  Hannah (the other counselor) leaned over at me 
and whispered into my ear... "Let's swim out a ways and fuck.  I need your 
cock inside me...."  I got hard immediately.

Hannah liked to talk dirty, but she always giggled afterwards as if she felt 
a little embarrassed about it.  So we rolled into the water playfully (I 
wasn't about to get up and walk in... sporting a tent pole) and began to 
swim out for a bit.  When we reached a safe distance (so that no one could 
see under water, but still in front of EVERYONE), she pulled my trunks down 
and grabbed my cock and squeezed really hard, causing me to gasp.  She 
quickly pulled her bikini bottom out of the way(side) and engulfed me.  We 
kissed for a while and just floated like that.  It was perfect.  It felt 
soooo good; Hannah had a really tight snatch, but she also knew how to 
squeeze her pussy really well.  And she liked to fuck.  But I didn't really 
have a lot in common with her.  So things were just starting to heat up...  
Hannah started to pick up the pace... 

And then I noticed her [Christine] staring at us.  We were close enough that 
I could see the faraway expression in her eyes; I was looking at the shore 
and Hannah was facing towards me away at the water.  Christine's mouth was 
just open just a little bit and I could tell she was certain of what we were 
doing.  No one else seemed to notice us.  I couldn't believe it...  here, 
Hannah was moving up and down on my cock, squeezing the cum right out of me, 
and Christine was standing at the shore thinking who knows what.  I stared 
away at first, trying to be nonchalant about it, but Hannah started getting 
more and more frenzied about her motions.  She wasn't moving up and down a 
lot, but she was squeezing my cock really hard and gyrating her hips in 
towards me and forcing me in deep, and she was doing this little motion 
faster and faster.  I watched as Christine sat down and started wading in 
the shallow water, and I was amazed at what I saw!  She moved one of her 
hands down where no one could see it, and she stared right at me as she 
stared to frig herself!  I couldn't stop thinking about fucking her instead 
of Hannah!

I felt it building up from deep inside my balls and I whispered to Hannah, 
"I'm... coming.. yeah...  fuck me harder!  That's it..."  and she started to 
speed it up.  We weren't making a lot of fuss in the water, but as I started 
to go over the brink, this 18 year old goddess in the water maybe 15-20 
yards from us stared right into my eyes while her arm moved about under the 
water, and mouthed the words...  "come for me."

That did it!  I went right over the edge and headfirst into the abyss!  I 
imagined it was that water nymphette's pussy I was spurting my come into 
really hard;  it was her cooing in my ear, and it was her squeezing the fuck 
out of me.  And then, it was her who reached down as I was coming and gently 
squeezed and scratched my balls.  I love that...

Well, Hannah did know how to fuck the shit out of me...  but I knew from 
that afternoon on that I needed to find another fuck-buddy (another term 
from this fantastic educational institution). 

The girl on the shore watched as we separated and drifted off to relax... I 
kept looking over at her, and once mouthed back to her "thank you..." which 
got a smile.  But that was it, or so I thought.

Hannah and I didn't feel the need to speak to each other any more that day, 
which was fine with me.  It was time to move back on the prowl...
     --------

So I said, "well, Christine, it's a pleasure to finally meet you."

Kati said "Do you two know each other?  Damn!  I thought I met you first!"

Christine responded, "no, we just saw each other and smiled once.  This is 
the first real meeting!"  She smiled and turned, "Damn you have such a cool 
room!  Wow!"

I wondered if Marc was feeling left out, but he knew he had a cool apt., and 
that he was going to have to put up with this as a price to stay in touch 
with the college scene.  So it was understood, unsaid.  Kati turned to 
Christine and said, "didn't I tell you!  This is so well laid out! [nice 
choice of words..]  I told you, didn't I?"  and Christine just nodded and 
smiled.

I invited them both in and Marc sat down on the couch under the loft.  The 
lower space had a ceiling of 5 feet, so you really had to crouch to get 
under there, which you HAD to do to reach the staircase, but you could stand 
fully on the staircase except when you got to the top.  That had 4 feet 
clearance, so you had to kneel or crawl around (on the mattress...).  Even 
though it sounds tight, it worked really well.

I had already given a tour to Kati (all went above-board, nothing happened),  
but Christine asked if she could check out the whole room, and when I said 
yes, she started hopping up the stairs really fast to get a picture of 
upstairs.  I went on up and stood on the staircase.  That left Marc and Kati 
to say hello and meet (which they did), and because of the layout, they 
couldn't see upstairs to my expressions or Christine, who was moving around 
the top floor (mostly bed) and checking out the shelves behind (and the 
mirror at the head of the bed-- tacky, but effective) and the GREAT view out 
the bay window to the water not 30 feet away.  I asked her "so how do you 
like it?"  She looked at me; her eyes got narrow and she licked her lips 
suggestively...

This girl was incredible!  First of all, although my ROOM was great, and I 
got my share of good sex & friends, I didn't think I was all that great 
looking.  But here was this shameless gorgeous vixen writhing on my bed, 
Kati and Marc talking downstairs, and before I had a chance to wink and say 
let's go watch the movie, she moved back towards the pillows, faced me, 
leaned back and reached down, spreading her legs....  and she just started 
rubbing her crotch really hard...  I just about died.

So I got my voice back and reminded her of the movie, and as she passed me 
on the staircase on her way down (it was really steep so I gave her a hand), 
she reached behind her in a way no one could see and stroked my erection 
powerfully.  I almost choked, it felt so good.

But nothing was to happen with Christine that night.  Kati had taken an 
interest in me, and I liked her too, just not as much as Christine.   
Christine didn't seem to be interested in Marc.  I didn't know why, I 
figured that if she was that unabashedly licentious, she'd want it from 
anyone.  But she acted indifferent as the movie wore on.  But we were 
watching Die Hard and some other movie I can't remember, and throughout it 
Kati moved closer & closer, and we ended up with her sitting on the floor 
between my legs, elbows draped over my thighs.  The couch was low, it was a 
loveseat and it was a little crowded even with me, Christine and Marc 
sitting on it.  The room was small, and it made for close contact....

So after the movies ended, we all decided to go for a walk along the catwalk 
between the dining hall and the music center (it went by the water), and 
check out the moon and such.  The air was warm and we were tired, but it was 
the perfect way to end the evening, unless I was going to get laid.  I think 
women misunderstand men's sex drive as an inability to be romantic.  If I 
think something's romantic, it's going to get me excited, and I'm usually 
going to want to get fucked silly afterwards.  It's rare that I think 
something's REALLY romantic, and then I don't feel sexually excited.

Anyway, Christine and Marc both felt like going home (separately), and we 
all said goodnight, except Kati and I.  Christine looked a little annoyed, 
but kept it to herself (Kati HAD met me first, after all).  And Kati and I 
walked back to my room.

Immediately inside she turned to me and hugged me, squeezing me close to 
her, and we started kissing lightly.  She was obviously very tactile, but 
not uncontrolled or seethingly hot under the collar...  oh well.  I was 
enjoying her company.  I was starting to get an aching erection, and did 
nothing to hide it; on the contrary, I pressed it into her hip while we 
stood, legs  beginning to entwine.  We sat down on the couch; well, ok we 
LAY down on the couch as best we could, and started some light petting.  I 
had to feel that chest.  I moved my right hand up her shirt and outlined the 
edges of her right breast, avoiding massaging the nipples for a bit (make 
her WANT it), and moved further up and started touching her neck.  That made 
her moan a little.  That first skin contact on the neck is soooo sensitive.  
But I returned and started pressing in and softly massaging her.

I think she blew a gasket.  She started moaning louder and moving closer, 
and her hands started moving around in a flurry.  She got bolder and moved 
her left hand down to my crotch, but too softly and too quickly before 
moving away again.  I was starting to get really frustrated now, but I tried 
to restrain myself.  I had been touching Kati for almost four hours since 
seeing Christine stroke her pussy, and I really needed to come, any way she 
wanted, NOW.  But I held back; I didn't want to scare her, I just wanted to 
encourage her.  So I started getting more vocal and touching her with more 
enthusiasm, and I said (the first thing since coming back to the room), 
"Kati, I'm really attracted to you, and I'm also really excited.  I hate 
saying this, but so excited it hurts; we've been touching for so long now, 
I've really got to get some relief.  I don't know how far you want to go, 
but if it's far, you don't have to worry about my getting disinterested if 
you make me come, I'll be hard for a LONG time, from the feel of this one."

She laughed.  Not at me, I could tell, I just don't think she expected such 
an honest sounding plea.  She leaned over and kissed me harder, and said "I 
don't think I want to go all the way; we just met...."

And my heart sunk.  But not my cock!  She did, however, soften that letdown 
with her hand moving back to my crotch, and pressing really hard.  MAN, did 
that feel good.  "But I would like to help you out...." and she smiled a 
devilish grin.  She got up then, and motioned for me to follow her upstairs.  
I didn't waste a second.  I proceeded once up in the loft to lower the 
blinds and turn on a red light bulb, which softened the mood a bit, and I 
lay down next to her, laying back against two pillows.  She rolled over on 
her side, and started to unbuckle my belt. 

She pulled my jeans completely off me, carefully freeing my tent pole, 
pushing my underwear straight up, and she got this hazy look on her face, 
moving slowly up to touch me.  She reached out and stroked my dick lightly 
through my underwear, and raised herself up, being careful of the ceiling, 
and settled down on my knee, so she could grind against my leg while she 
jerked my meat.  I said "enough of this teasing..." in a hoarse voice and 
she quickly pulled off my underwear, gasping softly as she did so.  My penis 
isn't really long, it's only about 6 or MAYBE 6 1/2 inches when ready to 
blow (!), but it's thick.  It's about as thick as a medium sized thin girl's 
wrist.  I could tell that she wanted it; she started to grind faster, but 
she didn't undress.  She just reached out, and started playing with me with 
both hands.  She wasn't super experienced, but what she was doing still felt 
great.  And I was really close to coming.  So she continued what she was 
doing and I told her, don't stop exactly what you're doing...  just squeeze 
a little harder with that hand and lightly cup my balls..."  And she smiled.  
And she did just that.

In spite of what I asked, and since I tend to tense up for a while before I 
cum, she noted this and started to speed up a little and that felt REALLY 
good... I was getting really close.  She looked like she was enjoying how 
much pleasure she was clearly giving me, and reached her own free left hand 
down her open jeans and started moving it up and down really fast.

Suddenly, I don't think she meant to, but she started squeezing really hard 
and I felt that familiar and OH SO needed tightening in my balls, and I 
started pumping my cum straight up into the air; I didn't even have time to 
warn her, and when she saw it, she dived down and closed her mouth over the 
whole head, and continued to pump me up and down.

I arched my head back and screamed "OHHHHHH  FUCK!" really loudly as the 
waves rocked my body.  she just sucked for all she was worth and drained me, 
a little bit leaking out of the side of her mouth, but when I was done, she 
wiped it up and swallowed it all.  I didn't expect that.  She sat up, not 
letting go, and smiled, saying she'd never done that before and that she 
wanted to.  I didn't mind a bit and told her how good it felt.  She pulled 
her hand out of her jeans and I reached out and licked her fingers clean, 
telling her how good she tasted.  She got really embarrassed and made a 
weird face, but I pulled her close and she settled down on top of me.

I asked her to take off some of her clothes and she agreed, without too much 
hemming and hawing.  She slowly pulled off her top and unsnapped her bra, 
and out poured these *great* really good sized, firm breasts with nipples a 
little larger than I usually like, but *great* nonetheless.

For a little while I stroked and massaged and licked them, giving her a lot 
of attention in return, and she just wanted to kiss deeply for a while.  But 
I hadn't lost my hard-on one bit, and it started to tingle a little again, 
feeling like it could use some more action...

Kati lay back on the bed, and pulled me on top of her, and I just leaned in 
and started kissing her.  The action got hotter really quickly, and she 
didn't seem to mind one bit as I started to grind our crotches together; on 
the contrary she started to grind back.  The pressure was really fantastic, 
but her jeans were something of a hard and irritating surface to push 
against.

I pulled back a bit, looked at her body, and said, "look, no pressure, but 
if we're going to keep this up, can we take these off?  I want to feel your 
skin, not this canvas.  Besides, it's a little irritating..."   She looked 
puzzled for a second, but then helped me to slip them off.  Unfortunately, 
her panties, although cute, weren't really exciting, but that made little 
difference.  I didn't think she expected anyone to be seeing them.  But I 
could tell she had this small dark bush peeking out a little from the edges, 
and I could see the swell of her lips and the damp spot all over the lower 
reaches of her panties.  Man I wanted to fuck her.  But for the time being 
she just pulled me down on top of her to resume where we left off. 

This was *much* better...  I got more excited almost immediately; I was 
grinding my cock right up and down her clit, and my balls were slapping 
against her lips.  Her mouth hung open while we moved, and she looked down 
at my cockhead peeking up at her along her stomach, and then up at me again 
and kissed me hard, shoving her tongue halfway down my throat.  We were 
getting really heated, and she raised her legs halfway up, giving me much 
better leverage.  My cock moved down, and the ridge along the underside 
settled nicely along her lips, and I could feel them through her panties 
clutching at the bottom of my dick.  I asked her if we could take her 
underwear off, but she just shook her head and tried to silence me with a 
deep kiss.

So we were just going to Scrump.  Man I heard about these girls.  At first I 
got a little annoyed; I REALLY wanted to fuck the shit out of this girl!  I 
wanted to pump my cum deep up inside her and feel her juices running down my 
balls, while we both screamed in pleasure.  But she didn't want to have 
intercourse, and despite my need I understood she was just frightened of 
getting taken advantage of so quickly even though she was excited.  She 
would have to work that out in time as she grew older, but I had to get off, 
so I resigned to doing it this way...  or maybe not!  

We continued to grind against each other and I could tell she was getting 
close to cumming.  So I grabbed her left breast in my right hand and moved 
my left hand down and grabbed her right ass check and squeezed the shit out 
of both.  She started screaming and swiveled her hips up and down super-fast 
as she started moving over the edge...  I held on for fear of being knocked 
off her, and when she started to contract i pushed real hard with my dick 
straight into her panties at the entrance to her pussy, just lightly enough 
not to go in, but she opened her mouth real wide and froze in her 
contractions.  She was tense as a board and her head thrashed left and right 
a couple of times.  She held on so tightly I almost couldn't breathe, but as 
she started gasping again, she moaned and pulled me up close for a kiss.  I 
kissed her, but I didn't give her time to relax, because I crawled up to 
straddle her chest, reached down, pulled her panties aside and literally 
scooped up some of her come and slicked up my dick.  I added some spit to 
her chest and lubed her up really smooth...  I just had to fuck those 
fantastic tits.  She had this funny smile on her face which implied she 
hadn't ever done this, but she said "that feels kind of nice!"  She helped 
me squeeze her tits over the top of my cock and tried to keep it sliding 
back and forth inside the little cave we'd made, and it started to get 
really warm.

"Kati, that feels so fantastic...  your chest is so soft...  and HOT."  She 
smiled and moaned a little, and she could feel I was getting ready to cum, 
so she bent her head up as best she could and caught my cock in her mouth 
every time I moved forward, and that did it.  I started exploding, and my 
head shot back...  Kati reached into her tits, pulling me out, squeezing my 
cock really hard as she stroked up and down, moving one hand back to my 
balls again.

That girl really knew how to make me orgasm hard.  But she just wouldn't 
fuck!

We lay there for a while before falling asleep, and she went back to her 
room around 4 in the morning.  We kissed, thanked each other and said we'd 
see each other tomorrow.

We did, but not that way again.  I had had a good time, but I didn't want to 
play games like that, so I played really friendly but not sexually 
interested in her.  She seemed to get the message, and she didn't seem to 
get too bent out of shape about it as long as I ate with her and we stayed 
friends.  Fine with me.  I had other fish to fuck.


Chapter 3: Christine

	PART I: The Big Discovery

   Next weekend rolled around, altogether too slowly.  During the week I had 
spent some time eating in the dining hall with both Christine and Kati, both 
together and separately.  Kati kept asking to come over and make plans, and 
I kept blowing her off, as nicely as I could, yet agreeing to meet and study 
in the library together (public studying is ALWAYS safe...).  Christine, 
however, had various evening responsibilities which prevented any midweek 
activities.  I knew it was orientation, but she had always been a part of a 
lot of student groups and college appeared to be no exception.  I did manage 
to find out (underhandedly from Kati) that she wasn't sleeping out nights, 
so I had a generally good idea that she wasn't sleeping around.

It was Friday lunchtime, some of my dorm-mates were out playing volleyball 
on our beach court, and I was sitting at one of the circular cafeteria 
tables with a bunch of people, notably Christine and Kati (Marc usually ate 
at home; he didn't live far away and he didn't like the food at the dining 
hall).  Kati had a class to go to, but neither Christine nor I had to leave 
by a certain time.  I needed to go spend some time during the late afternoon 
at the college TV building; I was involved with them during freshman 
orientation.  BUT... I had a few hours.  Christine had the whole afternoon 
off...

So we just sat there smiling!  No one at the table had any idea what we were 
thinking about, and yet the whole thing almost seemed silly now!  After all, 
the heat of the moment from the previous weekend had passed, and we were in  
public eating lunch.  So we just continued talking.

"There's the party in the Midrise-4 lounge tonight.  I think Franky's going 
to DJ it.  He's pretty good.  Are you planning on going [hopefully WITH 
ME]?"

"Definitely...  I need to get a little... out-of-hand tonight.  It's been a 
very busy week.  I was a little disappointed you went back with Kati last 
week...  but she's my roommate.  I hope you don't mind; I asked her about 
it... but she wouldn't tell me anything.  Phil... are you two seeing each 
other?"

   I didn't know what to make about this...  I knew high school girls (not 
far off from freshman) played games...  was she now being a spy for Kati?  
Or was she really disappointed and wanted to know if she had a green light 
(GREEN, CHRISTINE, GREEN!)?

   "Well, it may be a sticky situation, Christine (More than you know).  I 
like being friends with her, but for me there's just not much more than 
that.  Truthfully, I think you're much more attractive.  Maybe that's just 
asking for trouble...  I'm sorry."

   "No don't be.  I was hoping you would feel like that...  I just don't 
know how we can do this, I mean, with Kati and all.  She likes you a lot.  
She doesn't say much to me about it but I can tell."

   Ug...  "Does that mean you're not interested?"

   "No, I am, I am..."

   "Follow me." I didn't say anything else...  I just got up and took my 
tray up and walked out.  I didn't even look behind me to see if she was 
following until I was outside, and when I did, there she was just catching 
up.  She looked really good.  When you're sitting, you just get an upper 
body view... She was almost trotting towards me, her small chest bouncing 
noticeably.  There was a cool breeze outside that afternoon, and it became 
immediately more apparent as her incredible dark nipples hardened and jutted 
forward.  I remembered them from the beach party...  I wanted to see them 
uncovered so badly.

   I suppose we were walking back to my our dorm.  We didn't say anything 
about it at first.  I was just watching her...

   I guess I haven't described Christine in as much detail as I should;  She 
has this perfectly permed below-shoulder length wavy blonde hair, frosted in 
various places with lighter colors.  She had blue-in-blue eyes, and she had 
really thin lips that were placed in this thin line on her face.  I couldn't 
help telling myself those were 'blowjob' lips if EVER I knew what a pair 
looked like (!).  Closeup, her high cheekbones accentuated her thin but 
widely set eyes, and a small chin that made her thin face look SOOOO sexy.

   There's no such thing as a perfect female body.  There's no such thing as 
perfection...  But some girls come pretty close to certain men's idea of a  
perfectly formed woman.  Even if I thought Christine was perfect, I'm sure 
in retrospect she wasn't; that her chest just looked RIGHT on her body; that 
her eyes just looked RIGHT on her face, etc.  Different types/ shapes of 
bodily features can also look RIGHT on other people.  Even with this, 
Christine was someone I could easily spend a long time with, just because 
she turned me on so DAMN much.

  I think the time I lost my virginity to an older woman who had some of 
these features is exactly the reason I still found them so attractive.  
Christine personified many of these features in a better way, and had 
younger, more supple skin.  I dunno.  I guess I just REALLY WANTED TO FUCK 
her so much, I was trying to understand why I felt like such a Neanderthal 
thinking only about getting her into bed.

   She was smiling.  That's a good start, I thought...  "What are you 
looking at, Phil?"  That shocked me right out of my funk.

   She had caught me off guard.  "Uhh..  I'm sorry.  I was just thinking 
about you, Christine!"  That wasn't the half of it.  I thought I had gotten 
off the hook.

   "What were you thinking?  And you had a weird look on you face!"  Nope.  
I hadn't gotten away with it.

   "I was thinking about last weekend."  I tried to drag it out; make her 
say exactly what I wanted to hear.

   "What about last weekend?"

   "You looked so good on my bed...  you looked... delicious..."  And I 
paused on the last word for effect.  "I...  I...  I don't want to talk about 
it until we're in private...  this feels weird to say all this while we're 
just walking.  I mean, if I'm just talking about anything, and we're having 
some normal conversation, OK, but I'm talking to you and we're both facing 
forward!  I mean, forward, away from each other!  Doesn't this feel strange 
to you?"

   "You think too much, Phil,"  and she laughed lightly. And then she 
stopped, put on a very serious face, and said, "I'm not going anywhere; what 
were you going to say?"  She moved up to about six inches away from my face, 
looking up.

   Damn!  This was one outrageous woman!  She certainly knew how to keep me 
on my toes.  I wasn't sure what to say, or where to begin!  I knew what I 
wanted, I knew when I wanted it, and very little else seemed to matter then.

   "I don't know what to say next, Christine!  Do you want me to ask you 
out?  Meet you tonight at the party?  What I really want is to sleep with 
you!  And I don't want to wait until later!  I don't want to wait at all!  I 
don't want to.."  I was going to say wait hours or days or weeks,  but she 
cut me off.

   "I'm not sure I want to now, Phil.  I'm really interested... but I'm 
nervous.  I would rather it be nicer; let's plan on tonight, OK?"

   At first this threw me...  I didn't quite get it.  I didn't think I was 
hearing her right.  Nervous?  This from a girl who had writhed on my bed the 
previous weekend, stroking her own pussy and then MY cock through our 
clothes.  "You?!  Nervous?"  I almost started laughing.  She caught this and 
looked a little bit concerned.

   "Well...  I knew you two were hanging out last weekend...  and I 
remembered seeing you and..."

   "Hannah."

   "Yes, her, and I remembered seeing you...  I couldn't control myself.  
But I knew you wouldn't do anything to me; I was... safe.  I was having 
fun."

   TEASE!  I thought first.  This incredible girl who showed off so much to 
me was backing out  (that was my first reaction), but then it began to dawn 
on my.  Wow.  Was I dense...  she had to be!  I mean, maybe she's had a lot 
of boyfriends; she knows what lust is  (she HAD to, after all)...  Christine 
had to be...  "You've never had sex before!!!!"  I sat there, dumbfounded, 
agape, but completely enraptured by this girl.

   Christine started getting fidgety, looking around and then back to me to 
see what I would say next.  I don't know why it hadn't occurred to me 
before; it all made sense!  That's why she kept herself so busy during the 
week!  It was her protection scheme!  And here she was at college, trying to 
break out of it  (maybe...)?  "So what's wrong with that, Phil?"

   "Nothing, Christine, it just...  well, you're going to think this sounds 
strange, but it makes me respect you more.  I thought you were acting really 
loose or slutty before.  It turned me on, yes, but I didn't know if I could 
begin to like you personally.  I do...  I really do!  But it also makes me 
want to be the one you give yourself to...  the thought of it really gets me 
excited!"  She just looked at me, the smile coming back. "Do you think you 
might be interested in giving me this wonderful gift?"

   Her eyes just lit up!  And the big grin on her face told me there 
probably wasn't a better thing I could have said; the smile got larger; 
embarrassment; and then it subsided.  She seemed to be collecting her words, 
and then she spoke very softly.  "I can't think of a better night, place or 
person for this.  But let's wait until tonight, okay?"  And she sealed it 
with a kiss, turned smoothly on one leg, and started strolling away towards 
the dorm, knowing that I would follow.  I did.  What an ass.

   We spent the afternoon and early evening together, walked a lot, talked 
some, and managed to avoid bumping into Kati.  We ate out at the local 
Mexican place, laughed a lot, and separated with some light kissing before 
getting ready for the big party.  The suspense was killing me!  I was going 
to deflower a virgin!

	PART II: A Night to Remember

   Marc arrived at 8:00.  No calls, no plans.  He just arrived; this wasn't 
anything new; he often showed up before a weekend night party.  He wandered 
in to my room carrying a 12-pack of Michelob Light.  Yet another Mich-Lite 
Night, at least for the beginning.  I was half-dressed in my robe.  I liked 
to take my time getting ready, and Marc was busy putting a new set of 5 CD's 
into the stereo.  Marc turned the volume UP.

   I dressed and sprayed Drakkar Noir all over my body.  I love that stuff.  
Drakkar was the first cologne I was interested in wearing simply because I 
liked it, rather than just women liking it.  But it had added benefits.  
Women would walk directly behind me and go out of their way just for a 
longer whiff of the stuff.  I didn't mind.  I enjoyed turning around right 
when they looked like they were drawing a sniff and make them embarrassed.

   "Here you go, Phil" and he handed me an ice cold bottle.  That first beer 
was always soooo good.  I guzzled it.  "Damn!  Slow down, Hoss!  This has 
got to last us at least 2 hours!"  I just grinned in response.

   We sat around for a while and I filled him in on what had happened.  I 
told him about the previous weekend and what had gone on today at lunch.

   "You've been the luckiest man on campus lately.  Man, if I only had it so 
good."  (I liked his envy; I didn't make him feel bad for it, but for 
whatever reasons it strengthened my feeling of being somehow privileged for 
this).  "You know, Phil, that it is a MORAL IMPERATIVE for you to do this 
girl right.  Make her beg for more.  And then give her my number.  She is so 
hot!  How does a girl with a body like that escape having sex in high 
school?"

   "Actually, she told me she always kept really busy with activities and 
went to parties with female groups.  Apparently it worked."

   We talked for a while and sang (more like yelled) when some songs from 
Steve Miller's Greatest Hits came on (in random order with the other discs).  
By the time 9:30 rolled around, we were reasonably certain we wouldn't be 
the first to arrive at the party.  Besides, we generally started off a night 
like this with a good wander around most of the dorms to see what else was 
brewing if anything, so we knew where to be if the MP (main party, or Main 
Pool, during the daytime) was a fizzle.

   Twelve midrise dorms were mainly arranged around an oblong octagon.  
There were other newly built dormitories, but most of the parties were 
thrown in one of the midrises around the "QUAD."  Each midrise had 4 floors, 
one elevator, one large laundry room, and separate sex bathrooms on each 
floor (coed by alternating mens and womens halls).  We started walking 
across Dorm Quad and decided to wander around the back of one of the dorms 
nearest our beach (i.e. where it's *darkest*.  Once around the back, there 
were windows.  We weren't perverts (or so we thought) but it was always fun, 
and sometimes practical, to do this in order to find out what was happening 
around various places that night.

   When we got to the rear of one of the dorms, one of the rooms had a 
really weird red glow coming from between the slats of the horizontal 
venetian blinds.  And we stopped dead in our tracks, waited until we were 
sure we hadn't been seen, and started creeping in closer.  There was this 
couple, screwing really wildly, doggie-style, on this little double bed!  
And I recognized them (that wasn't unusual in a school this size)!  A 
sophomore, Cliff, was boffing the shit out of this buxom hispanic looking 
junior, Nicki!  Nicki was really skinny, with small breasts, and a model's 
type body.  She wasn't clothed, but she did have what was left of a dark, 
shiny red negligee bunched up around her waist while she fucked back at 
Cliff.  She had long exotic black hair, and through the glass we could hear 
her moans and screams!  She kept looking back at him and yelling erotic and 
dirty things at him, like, "Fuck ME!  Fuck my pussy! Come ooooon... fuck... 
fuck.. fuck...  fuck it.  Harder!!!  Harder!!!  Give it to me!"

   This chick was out of hand!  I was getting an instant erection, and I was 
close enough to start fogging up the window!  From our angle, Cliff and 
Nicki were almost facing us, but when she turned her head, it was in our 
direction, and we could almost still see her.  We had a forward-side view, 
and we could see Cliff's dick when he pulled almost all the way out, all 
slick with her pussy juice.  It was running down his thighs, and he was 
gripping her ass cheeks really hard.  Her mouth was open the whole time and 
I could just imagine myself in his place fucking the shit out of Nicki.

   The thing that really got me about this situation was that Nicki was 
supposedly going out with another guy, a senior on the baseball team named 
Stump (because he was short & stocky, most people thought...)!  Nicki was 
fucking someone else WAY before the party for that night got active...  
Since it wasn't her boyfriend, and she was discreetly fucking someone else, 
it made it really easy to think of myself in Cliff's place...  Me instead of 
him, grabbing at her ass, shoving my whole dick in long strokes deep into 
her box.  Reaching forward and grabbing her hair, pulling back and feeling 
that juicy pussy slap against my balls.  I suddenly realized I was rubbing 
the shit out of the front of my pants and it was too obvious for Marc not to 
have noticed.  I grinned and looked back at the window.

But we had gotten there too late to get a long show, the grunting got louder 
and faster, Cliff started pounding into her with short quick strokes and it 
looked like she started to lose control before he did, collapsing and 
screaming at once.  It almost looked silly, the way they lost their balance 
when they almost came together.  When they stopped, Nicki pulled off and put 
a towel between her legs, and reached out to stroke Cliff's cock slowly.  
They then began kissing, when we backed away from the window, and started 
clapping loudly.  We knew it was too dark outside since the light was on for 
them to see anything, and I guess they thought the blinds were closed 
enough!  Nicki started screaming, and Marc and I just ran.  I wasn't sure if 
he knew what I knew, so I kept my mouth shut other than to say "HOLY SHIT.  
THAT WAS AWESOME.  SHE IS REALLY HOT."  As though that did justice to what I 
was thinking...  If Nicki wanted to keep that a secret from Stump, assuming 
they were still dating, I wonder what price she's willing to pay?

   I know, I know.  I already said I don't like fucking over girls.  I said 
I'm not stupid enough to treat women like shit.  But I was thinking that 
Nicki was secretive and sex-hungry enough to screw around on Stump, and if 
she was going to do so anyway, I'd see if she would with me, and use the 
most obvious avenue to make it happen.  If it came down to it, I probably 
would never tell Stump what I saw anyhow.  But I wouldn't mention that to 
her.  I decided to stow that one away for a rainy day...  after all, tonight 
held other treasures in store.  And I was getting to the point where I 
really needed a good out-of-control, honest-to-goodness fuck-of-the-year.  I 
played around with Kati the previous weekend, but it had been almost 10 days 
since my last fuck, and Christine was sitting there watching it, getting wet 
for me...  I needed her and I didn't want to wait.

   But I had to, at least for a little while longer...  Marc and I marched 
around a couple of dorms and found a few drinking game rooms, and wandered 
into a couple but didn't stay long.  We just got our 'facetime' in and 
headed over to the party.  When we got there, there were a few people 
dancing around the lounge in the dorm opposite mine across the quad.  The PA 
was set up, and it did sound good.  That was somewhat unusual, more often 
than not it was Noise with a Beat.  But it sounded good, There was good 
company, and Christine was nowhere to be found.  Marc and I hung out and 
finished the twelve-pack we had been carrying around, and I was just 
beginning to get worried that my pure-as-the-driven-snow sex-bunny (funny, 
but true) Christine had chickened out, when I looked towards the entrance 
and my heart stopped.

   Christine was the first person I noticed in a good sized group of at 
least seven, maybe eight girls walking into the large lounge suite.  I 
picked Kati out; the two of them were walking next to each other.  I started 
to think that this was going to be problematic...  Kati was rather plain 
looking despite her *very* noticeable chest, and hadn't taken a great deal 
of interest in dressing up.  Christine wasn't overly dressed either, but 
what she was wearing blew me away.  It wasn't slutty; it was just the WAY 
she was wearing everything.  She had on a bright red jumpsuit, and the top 
part was unzipped to her mid-stomach area, revealing, get this, a tight 
stretch tube top.  I bet if I could see the front of her breasts the nipples 
would be showing... 

   Christine was the first to notice me; she tapped Kati on the shoulder and 
they both came over to where Marc and I were.  Marc tried to intercept Kati 
for me (what a pal), but both girls came over to me and kissed me on 
opposite cheeks.  I kissed both of them lightly on the lips and asked if 
they had anything to drink.

   "No," replied Kati, "we can't drink openly at one of these parties, 
remember? They're cracking down, or so we were told."

   I had forgotten; I never had to worry about it.  "Have you had any 
beforehand?"

   Grins told me what I needed to know.  Then I started to get nervous:  
Kati leaned over to talk.  I noticed out of the corner of my eye that Marc 
was observing VERY intently.  With a smile.

   "Can we talk for a minute?"  she asked with a normal smile.

   "Sure, Kati.  Let's go over there, the music seems much lower behind the 
PA speakers."  And I led her over there.  Let's get it over with, I was 
thinking.  "I think I know what you want to talk about; do you want me to 
start?"

   "Save your breath.  It's not what you think."  And she smiled, waiting 
for my reaction.  I didn't give her one.  "Look, Phil, I like you a lot.  
What we did and could continue to do happened because we were horny and we 
like each other.  I don't want to settle for one person right now so early 
into being here.  And you seem like you don't want to go out!  But we get 
along, so why ruin it?  I'd still like to play around a bit if you're 
interested, but don't pressure me to have sex, ok?"  I just stared.  It 
wasn't the PLEASE COME BACK TO ME story I guess I expected (my stupid ego), 
but it was terrific!  "Phil, Christine talked to me a little bit tonight.  
She told me that you two seem to be getting along... and... well, at first I 
was a little upset, but I'm glad I know before something happens rather than 
after.  Besides, I'm still interested in...  knowing you." She smiled, 
kissed me again on the cheek, and pulled me by the hand back to Christine.  
Then she flitted off to socialize elsewhere!  What luck!  How did I get so 
lucky!  I could keep Kati as a friend, but I could have Christine too!  And 
not piss either one off with the other (at least for now...)!

   I grabbed Christine by the belt around her jumpsuit and pulled her close 
for a kiss, and then took her out onto the dance floor.  Pump up the Jam was 
playing on the PA, and people were starting to crowd the place.  It was 
another perfect lounge party.  And I was with the sexiest girl at school.  
Not one other girl there held a candle to her in my eyes, and there were 
some pretty body-conscious girls there.  And I was going to make her a woman 
that night.

   We danced closer and closer as the night wore on.  Both of us were 
sweating, and the heat between us was evident to everyone; we drew the most 
stares.  I thought I saw Hannah wandering around earlier, catching my eye, 
but she was with someone.  She wouldn't go without that night, that's for 
sure.  Christine's thin body and my own felt like one for the longer songs; 
after a while, they were all slow dances to us.  Her legs started pressing 
around my own, and I could begin to feel the heat emanating from between her 
legs.  It was too dark to tell if my jeans or her jumpsuit were getting wet 
from something other than our sweat, but I wouldn't have been surprised.  I 
pulled my head back, grabbed her hair tightly and slithered my tongue over 
and around her own, being met with the same enthusiasm.  I could no longer 
prevent getting hard with all those people around and I pressed it firmly 
into her pubis... and I got a soft coo or moan whispered into my ear when 
our kiss broke.  This was getting to heated, and I needed to take it the 
next step.  "Are you comfortable with me?"

   "What do you think...?"  she softly responded.

   "I want to take you back to my room."

   "Then what are you waiting for?"  My jaw just about hit the floor.  I 
wouldn't be waiting long now...

   We said good-byes to our closer friends and wandered out, not bothering 
to disguise our destination as a walk along the beach.  We went *straight* 
across Dorm Quad.  However long it took for us to make love, however long it 
took before we even started, we weren't going to waste any time getting to 
be alone.  While we were walking, I asked her if she had any shorter name 
forms or pet names/nicknames she liked.

   "Well, an old boyfriend used to call me Chris, but that was kind of 
generic, and I'd rather you used something else, if you want to."

   "That doesn't help,"  I said with a smile.

   "Well, you're creative!  Think of something, and if I like it, you can 
use it!"

   "Hmmm...  how about...  'Luscious?'"  She shook her head, snorting.  "Ok, 
then, you don't like luscious.  What about Cherry?  Nooo... that won't work 
after.." She swung real wide and slapped my chest!  But then she leaned in 
and licked my ear.  "Sorry, Christine.  Chrissy?  No?  Christi?  That's ok?  
Well, I could use Christi.  But I think I prefer something more special and 
personal, like... "Angel."

   Christine just leaned in and put her arm around my waist.  She was 
smiling, but I could see a tear well up in her eye.  She wiped it away 
before she thought I would notice it.

   When we got to my room, I closed the door behind us and she just stood 
there, in front of the loft, looking.  Her mouth was slightly open, and she 
was surveying the view...  after all, it was impressive.  That early evening 
before jumping in the shower, I had cleaned up, straightened up the area 
under the loft where the couch and A/V system were, made my bed, vacuumed 
and done various other things to make the room appear more spacious than it 
was.  I had turned on a light blue light bulb downstairs, lighting the area 
indirectly, and I had a shaded lamp upstairs that shone with a red bulb.  In 
some circumstances it could have been extremely tacky.  But given the 
'neatness' of the room, and the quantity of toys/belongings/furniture, it 
looked great.  There was a cool breeze blowing outside, and the large bay 
window was split horizontally by the loft level itself.  We stood inside 
separately for several moments, and then I stepped under the loft and then 
out into the staircase well, stepping up.  As I reached halfway up, I was 
then able to lower the blinds for the window, and the venetians closed.  I 
looked back at her; my angel was standing at the base of the stairs watching 
me, and as I passed her moving down I quickly moved in for a fast, deep 
kiss, reaching up to tweak her left nipple, as I had wanted to do for so 
long...  but just as quickly I pulled away and walked around her, stooping, 
to reach the stereo, which had a separate 5-disk cartridge with various Jazz 
cd's like Dave Grusin and Kenny G.  I put the music on low (I wanted to hear 
her moan!) and turned back to her.

   She had begun taking off her red jumpsuit.  I sat back down and became 
mesmerized by her agonizingly slow striptease.  Her face was absolutely 
serious as she peeled the jumpsuit over her rump and reached down to push 
them below her knees.  I was beginning to think this was going to be one of 
the most memorable sexual experiences of my life, and I didn't want to rush 
through it.

   Her blonde hair looked as though on fire reflecting the red light coming 
from above, and of course her tan skin looked even more so.  Her lips... 
those sexy thin lips were barely open, glistening, and her eyes locked on 
mine.  I almost wanted to look away; they were almost intimidating, but 
then, I thought, here is this gorgeous freshman, thinking about giving her 
virginity away to a Junior, it's more than likely she's the most intimidated 
one here.  True beauty does make me a little unnerved, though, and she was 
pretty close.  After kicking off her shoes, she only had on her tube top, 
which in this light looked like a ruffled fabric in a very light blue color, 
and her panties, which were becoming increasingly more visible as she stood 
back up in the small stairwell area.  She was looking down to the space 
under the loft; I was sitting on the floor staring up at her, enjoying 
everything.  She stretched up, slowly, showing off her smooth and tight 
curvature, her small but inviting breasts with a hint of those perfect 
nipples... and maroon silk panties cut high over her hips, but tight into 
her crotch, showing just a little bit of creasing at the base of her V; I 
was staring at her lips and I wanted them so badly.  She must have shaved 
for a bikini; I saw no stray hair, thank GOD.  I love a trimmed bush.  We 
had had so few words; I wondered if I should begin to say something, after 
all, she would/could never forget this experience (not that it was any 
different for me).  Would that make her feel any better or more comfortable?

   "I need to say a few things to you, Angel..."

   She made no move or motion to stop me.  She just stood there, in all her 
glory, arms stretched above her head and resting on the top loft floor.  And 
she smiled.  "Yes, Phil?"

   "I've been thinking all week about you.  I've been thinking all day about 
you, and you're all that matters right now.  I can't think of anything but 
this.  I might have pushed harder if things were different, but I really 
want this to be a very special experience for you, and I don't want to rush 
it, or for you to think you're just getting it over with..."  No response, 
just wide, beautiful eyes.  "Would you like a massage?  Would it help you 
relax?"

   "A massage would be wonderful, Phil.  But, perhaps later.  I don't think 
I can postpone what I've been dreaming about since I saw you on the beach a 
week and a half ago.  I want you to make love to me.  I'm a little... 
scared, I guess, but I'm ready.  Just go slow and I know it'll be fine..."

   The words I was waiting for!  I got up and walked over to her.  We stood 
up and moved closer in the stairwell (practically the only place TO stand in 
my room) and leaned in for our first long kiss.  It felt like it lasted an 
hour... she put one arm around my waist and slid another up over the back of 
my neck and started to run her fingers through my hair; it felt electric.  
Meanwhile I was darting my tongue on, in and around her lips, not going deep 
at first.

   I started moving my hands up and down her sides, pressing in at the sides 
of her small breasts, indicating what my next move would be...  she just 
leaned in and around to kiss the side of my neck-- that felt so good!  I 
decided that while I wasn't going to rush things, I was going to show who 
was in control, so I leaned down a little as I reached up to touch the top 
edge of her tube top, and in one quick move I pulled it down and enveloped 
her left nipple completely with my mouth.

   Christine gasped!  But she didn't pull away-- she leaned in and clamped 
my head to her chest, running on hand down my back and digging in with her 
nails.  I sucked hard, then ran my tongue in larger circles around those 
incredible nipples, one after the other, moving back to look at how small 
and DARK they were!  I told her how much her chest turned me on, how they 
were perfect for her.  I don't know if she needed to hear that, or if she 
felt that Kati's chest looked better because it was bigger, but it didn't 
matter-- hers were fantastic.

   She finally pushed my head back a little; I stood up.  She started 
pulling my clothes off me, starting with my shirt, running her fingers 
through my chest hair, and then she reached down and pulled off my socks (I 
had kicked my shoes off when we came in).  She stood up and paused a little, 
staring down at my crotch.  She reached to caress it, and squeezed gently, 
but then seemed to decide she wanted me naked; she unbuttoned my LEVI 501's, 
and ran her hands around my ass to pull the jeans off my butt, squeezing my 
buns as she pulled down.  I was trying my DAMNEDEST not to move too much, 
she was driving me crazy with lust!  I had my hands on her shoulders to 
maintain contact and she smelled so good!  I began to get a good whiff of 
her musky scent as she and I were removing our clothes and I couldn't WAIT 
to go down on her.  But she had things in hand by now, or... ALMOST!

   She waited to touch my straining cock through my boxers until the jeans 
were off, and when they were, instead of pulling them off, she ran her hands 
up and down the ridge pushing out, and then moved her hand inside the slit 
in front and grasped my cock near the base and SQUEEZED hard.  I almost lost 
my balance.  She stroked me up and down a couple of times, and then pulled 
her hand out.  Her eyes looked really glazed, her lips were wet from our 
kisses and her mouth was just barely open.  She was staring at my crotch...  
I finally couldn't take the suspense any longer and rasped "take them off 
now..."

   She looked up for a second, smiled wider, and then pulled the elastic 
band out
and over my penis, straining to push out and over the boxers!  She smiled 
really widely and dragged them down fast off my legs, and just stared at my 
cock with one hand around it, squeezing lightly and moving her hand up and 
down slowly.  A drop of pre-cum inched its way out the tip and she reached 
forward with her other hand, wiped it up and touched it to her tongue, 
staring up into my eyes as she did.  God, that snake-like tongue...  I 
wanted it moving around my shaft so badly!

  Thank god she didn't make me wait much longer.  She motioned me to move 
around so I was almost sitting (more like leaning) on the staircase leading 
up to the bed area, but that way she could stand on the bottom step and be 
almost face to face with my cock!  She leaned in, got comfortable, smiled at 
me while I pointed right at her face, inches away, and said to me, "I want 
you to come in my mouth, OK?  When we fuck, I want it to last a while..."

   Where did this girl come from, and how did a virgin know so much about 
sex???

   She reached up with both hands, stroking the shaft with one, and moving 
the fingers of the other around my balls.  I was in heaven!  And without 
saying anything else, she covered the head with her warm and wet mouth.  "Oh 
Goooood.  Oh man, Christine!  You feel so fucking good!"

   She moaned over the top of my cock, but wasted no time before increasing 
the pace, and I knew that with the waves of pleasure rocking my body so 
soon, that it wouldn't be long before I came a LOT down her throat!  She 
alternated squeezing harder with lighter, but always kept her mouth over my 
cock!  At one point, she pressed too hard down below my balls, and I told 
her that if she kept that up I'd never come, but other than that she knew 
*exactly* what to do to get me off!  My ass was moving up and almost off the 
stairway now, in time with her hands and mouth  (I need to tense up before I 
come for some reason!)...

   Suddenly, she started doing something new!  This girl had surprises in 
store for me!  She started swirling her tongue around the top of my shaft 
every time I almost came out of her mouth, and when I started yelling how 
close I was,  she reached under my balls and moved her index finger up my 
crack!   God my asshole is sensitive at that time!  She first moved past it 
and rubbed up and down, but that started sending me over the edge!

   "Unnnhhhh!    That's it!   Fuck, Christine!  Ohhhhh... I'm starting to 
come!  It's coming!  Take it...  Take it...."   I was out of it, and to top 
things off, Christine, right at the moment of truth, pressed her index 
finger hard on my anus, not inside, but hard right on it, and that just 
*blew* *me* *away!*  I thought I was about to lose consciousness...  sensory 
overload.  I just collapsed.  I didn't have the energy to say, "stop!"   And 
I'm not sure if I would have, anyhow.  God.  That was one of the most 
explosive orgasms I had ever had.  I was certain of it.  And the night was 
hardly over!

   I lay there, catching my breath, leaning back against the stairs.  
Christine stretched up, wiping a little cum off her cheek and into her 
mouth, slurping on her index finger.  She leaned in to me and lay her head 
on my shoulder, pressing her stomach up against my wet dick.  I felt it was 
hard, but losing some of it's intensity; I felt as if it would NEVER get 
completely soft with this girl around!  Some of her hair got in my face, but 
it felt soft, and warm.  As my energy started to come back to me, I pushed 
her chest away from mine, and said, "your turn!  Come on upstairs!"  I 
grabbed her hand, and started to turn around, but then stopped, and turned 
around.  "Oh no.  Not yet...   stand back."

   She looked a little strange, like she didn't understand what was 
happening; she would in a minute!  I looked over her amazing body, those 
long lean tan legs, and those gorgeous high-cut maroon panties,  and I knew 
I had to take them off right then.  I couldn't wait.  I moved my face in to 
kiss her cloth covered mound, and smelled her aroma, rubbing my cheeks over 
her stomach and running my hands around and up to her buns, squeezing 
gently.  I pulled the top of her panties down over her ass, ran my hands 
over to the front, and slowly, kissing her skin with my lips and tongue all 
the way, revealed her tawny bush, cut short so I could see the skin 
underneath and trimmed into a vertical rectangular pattern (I love that!).  
It was beautiful!  What a perfect pussy!  I pulled her panties off 
completely, and reached in between her legs to lightly pass over her lips 
and tease her...  she shuddered.  "lick me... please" she said almost 
inaudibly...

   "I'm sorry, I didn't hear you, what did you say?"  Of *course* I heard 
her.

   "Lick me, Phil, lick my cunt..."  I stared back at her with this nasty 
grin, motioning for more...   "Suck my pussy!  Don't just sit there, DO 
something!  I need you!"

   I took her hand and practically yanked her up the stairs!  I pushed her 
lightly back into a laying position on the loft; we had to crawl upstairs 
because of the proximity of the ceiling!  She looked exquisite without 
anything on.  She must have been athletic in High School; she had such a 
strong ass and set of legs!  I lay down on top of her, my head level with 
her breasts and started kissing, getting her warm and anxious, but she 
grabbed my hair and head with her hands, pulled me up so that she could 
shove her tongue into my mouth, and after tongue-wrestling for a minute, 
during which time my cock fell nestled into between her legs and got 
SQUEEZED...  man.  Then just as forcefully, she pushed my head down her body 
and stopped when I got around her belly-button, which I passed and continued 
as I settled into place just over her vagina.  For a short while I just 
stayed there, touching with my fingers lightly and nudging with my nose, 
enjoying the musk, just until I thought she might get a little self-
conscious and wonder if I was 'studying' her-- but I was, and I was enjoying 
it.  She was beautiful.

   So I reached out and started tentatively licking up and down, wetting 
down the area around her clit-- her pussy was soaking, but I didn't want to 
spend much time there.  I wanted to go right for the clit.  I know that 
wasn't particularly tactful, but this girl wasn't interested in tact.  So I 
enveloped her little button and started to swirl my tongue around it, 
getting serious moans in response, and I settled immediately into a slow 
rhythm of closing my mouth down around her clit area, trying to use the 
rough part of the middle of my tongue rather than the tip when I licked up 
and down as part of the rhythm.  She was beginning to buck lightly, and I 
knew it wouldn't take her very long!   I started by using my hands to pull 
her clit and pussy area a little higher up over her pubic bone, to augment 
the pressure, but then I brought one arm back around her leg and ran it up 
and down her pussy opening (I didn't want to press inside and accidentally 
break anything too soon!).  That began to do it, she seemed to reach a 
higher level of arousal and I stepped up the pace a little and left it 
there-- I didn't want to lose her!


   I didn't have to wait long!  Boy, was what I doing working well!  She 
just started thrashing about and moaning, trying to say things but not being 
too intelligible.  Besides, her legs had started to clamp over my ears and I 
couldn't hear perfectly...  I thought she was coming when she began to rock 
left and right, but she seemed to stay at that high plateau for a while, and 
then she let out a little yelp, arched her back, and grabbed up the sheets 
into her fists as a long low moan escaped her thin wet lips...  Wow.  This 
girl could really come.  I let go immediately, and wiped my face with a 
nearby towel (and pulled out a little hair when she wasn't looking!).

   When I looked back, I saw that she had her eyes closed, her mouth open, 
smiling, and she couldn't move!  I leaned back over and kissed her on the 
cheek.

   "I've never felt anything like that before in my life.  I mean, a friend 
did try to do that once, but THAT didn't happen!"

   "Someone did that for you before, and you're still a virgin?"

   "Well, yes-- we decided to try oral sex, and I just never wanted to go 
all the way with him.  But he wasn't as good as you were, and I just asked 
him not to do it anymore!  I just gave him head occasionally!"

   "Occasionally!  You were great!  Most girls have no idea what to do!  You 
were like a pro or something!"

   At first she frowned, but then she smiled, "I guess I just try to think 
of what you might want me to do..."

   "Well, it WORKS.  You're fantastic...  and I need to be inside you..."  
My cock had gotten really intensely hard when I was sucking her clit and I 
really needed to feel her silky walls around my dick.  Squeezing the come 
right out...

   "I think I'm ready-- I'm all wet and I don't want to wait anymore, just, 
just, go slow, ok?"

   "You got it, beautiful!  Could you spread your legs for me?  Yeah, like 
that."  I got up a little and maneuvered around her so that I was between 
her creamy looking thighs, bent at the knees, with her feet almost floating 
above her gorgeous buns.  I just looked down at this incredible sight, her 
trimmed pussy soaking wet directly underneath my jutting cock.  I then 
reached over behind the end of the mattress and found a dark towel (just in 
case she bled!).  She lifted up to allow me to spread it out under her, 
settled into place, then reached down and squeezed me with both hands, 
stroking once or twice and said simply, "now..."

   I placed the head against her opening and rubbed up and down several 
times, only NOW realizing how dangerous this could have been.  She saw me 
stop and said the magic words..."I'm on the pill.  I did it just before I 
left for college."  Phew!  Just my precum and the cum from the last orgasm 
could have gotten her pregnant!  Not what I needed to deal with!  I just 
wanted to FUCK her!  So I moved back up against her vulva and wetted up 
again, and pushed the head inside, waiting for encouragement and 
reactions...  She smiled and seemed comfortable, so I moved back and forth a 
little to slick up the whole head... It felt wonderfully tight and warm.  I 
wanted to be balls-deep though, but I had to be patient.

   I pushed a little more, and we both seemed to feel her hymen blocking my 
progress, and while she felt discomfort, just pushing against it didn't seem 
to make her hurt.  I stopped, and said, "this may hurt a LOT.  Here, just in 
case it does,  put this in your teeth!"  I put the end of a pillow into her 
mouth, and while she chuckled, I think she agreed it was a good idea!  And I 
reached down and caressed her tits with a wet finger, making a dark nipple 
point up at me more.  I leaned down over her so that we could entwine, and 
said, "anytime you're ready, Angel..."  She stared back at the ceiling for a 
moment, and then nodded, mumbling, "do me..."

   And I thrust.  Allllll the way in....Ohhh God she felt unbelievable... 
After the pressure blocking me tore away, I slid into the wettest, smoothest 
pussy I had ever felt.  I didn't want to move (NEITHER DID SHE, for 
different reasons).  Her legs wrapped around my back, and she groaned 
through the pillow, clenching her eyes shut.  I didn't know quite what to 
feel-- I mean, physically it felt GREAT.  But she was in pain-- I decided 
perhaps to not move until she was ready, and to simply say... "I'm sorry it 
hurts -- I do know that it'll go away soon...  just tell me when you're 
ready."  And I kissed her forehead.

   She adjusted herself a few times, not really moving, and it felt like an 
eternity before she finally opened her eyes again, and wiped some tears 
away.  I wanted to badly to start pumping away, my cock was throbbing so 
much.  I thought I could feel every heartbeat there was so much pressure 
building up, but then I knew I had to wait for her signal.  And after a few 
minutes, I got it!  She looked back up at me and simply nodded.

   I started to withdraw a little, very slowly, and held steady for a 
second, then agonizingly slowly pushed my erection back into her sopping 
cunt, but I didn't push too hard.  I wanted to save the deepest strokes for 
later, when she was more used to it.  Her eyelids looked heavy and began to 
close, her breathing getting more pronounced.  She didn't look like she was 
enjoying it, so I simply stopped after one thrust.  But she squeezed my ass 
back towards her, and I got the message.  Slow but steady...

   I had been holding myself above her, but while I'm well built, I'm not 
that heavy, so I decided to free up my hands a little.  I settled down on 
top of her, and let my weight rest on her.  She took a moment to get used to 
that, but then she put her arms around my back!  I took that as a yes!  I 
began to pull back out of her, this time a little more, and set up a slow 
rhythm of thrusts that seemed to be alright for her.  Again, I didn't thrust 
too deeply (I wanted to so badly!)... and I didn't pull out all the way -- I 
was trying to avoid letting my glans rub her sore hymen tear too much.  But 
she started barely moving against me, with me, and pushing against my cock 
as I thrust into her tight snatch.

   God she was so tight!  I had never been with a virgin before, and she was 
clamping down so hard on my penis, I thought I'd explode long before we got 
into any kind of serious fucking!  I tried to think of something less sexy 
than watching myself shoving my cock into this outrageous vixen, but I 
couldn't turn my thoughts away from her!  It was alright, though, we weren't 
picking up the pace and I was trying to get used to the feeling.  It was 
tight, though!  I slowed the pace down a bit.

   "Is it ok now, Angel?"

   Christine just looked back at me...  so I asked again.  "Is it OK?  You 
can talk to me-- it might help make it better.  Please don't be 
embarrassed!"

   "I'm not embarrassed!"  she finally said.  "I'm just amazed.  I'm still 
sore, but it's nothing like I imagined it actually would be.  It's so 
strange...  and she started moving against me a little more.  It feels 
better when I bend up like that."  And we did that a few times-- when I 
thrust into her (she was getting sooo wet now!), she would tilt her pussy up 
towards me so I could go deeper.  "Phil, could you go a little faster?   
Unnhhhh...  yeah-- like that...  I like that!"

   "Christine, I don't know how long I can go this speed,  you're so tight 
and hot inside; I might come before I want to-- but if I slow down, you 
won't enjoy it as much..."  I reached down and placed my hands under her 
ass, squeezed her cheeks and pushed up towards my cock every time I thrust 
into her.  This was ecstasy.  I was inside such a hot cunt-- she was asking 
me to go faster-- and she was squeezing the shit out of my cock.

   "Oh.. oh... oh... Phil... Fuck me... fuck fuck fuck... that feels great -
- yeah
squeeze my ass.  This is getting better by the minute..."  And then she blew 
me away.  She started to squeeze her cunt muscles around my dick.  I thought 
she'd been squeezing all along, but she was just naturally tight as could 
be!  So when she clamped her muscles down, I felt that familiar tightening 
in my scrotum, and I started pushing in deep!

   "Ungggghhh!!   Christi-- that's...  that's...   yeah-- oh FUCK I'm going 
to cumm.. here--- quick--- grab my balls --"  She didn't make it quite in 
time, but she reached around my ass and just when I felt that lightning bolt 
start in my crotch and run right up my spine into my skull, OH GOD, she 
pulled that finger-on-my-ass number and it sent me right over the edge!!!!!

   I started spewing my jism deep into her sore pussy, her juices running 
straight down my balls and onto the towel beneath.  I felt every spurt start 
deep in my balls and move up my shaft and into her warmth... I had reached 
around and grabbed hard onto her head as my ass pumped me deeper into her 
cunt; she pulled my head down and onto her face for a kiss-- I couldn't move 
my tongue, but I still enjoyed it.  We were joined at both ends for what was 
one of the most explosive moments of my life! My vision started getting 
foggy, and I felt my stomach muscles start to spasm their loss of control...  
God, she was milking me dry!  "Oh, fuck, Angel, your pussy got so tight when 
you started squeezing me!  I wanted to last longer-- I'm," and I was about 
to apologize but she cut me short.

   "Don't say that-- don't say you're sorry-- I didn't expect to cum the 
first time we did this.  I didn't really think I'd enjoy it at all, but...  
but I did!  I did enjoy it!  I think I was too caught up in how new it felt 
to really relax, but if we can do it again in a little while, maybe I'll 
have more fun!"

   I smiled and kissed her long and deep.  And when we broke, saliva 
glistening  from her pointy tongue, I leaned down to her neck and started 
licking small circles around the base of her neck...  She just held me tight 
as I started to soften inside her, and she started to giggle and squirm when 
I tongued her ear...

   So we just lay together for a while, perhaps an hour, perhaps less, but 
long enough that the sweat beading on my back had dried, and for me to 
become intimately familiar with the tiny bumps around her nipples, and to 
discover how really red her pubic hair was!  God her crotch was such a turn-
on to stare at... and touch... I wanted this to be mine-- for as long as I 
wanted it, and I knew how selfish I was being.  This was like, the perfect 
pussy.  I didn't know what else to think about it-- she had the tightest, 
best looking, tasting and smelling female genitalia I had ever come across 
(or in...!).  I asked her why her head wasn't a fiery red color like her 
pussy hair was.

   "Well, my hair loses a lot of that brightness in the sun, and just looks 
blahh.  So I color it more a strawberry blonde, and then highlight blonde 
streaks so that when it changes in the sun, it still looks bright and... a 
little... stunning, maybe."

   "Well, it works...  you can stun me anytime!"  And I tweaked one of her 
little dark erect nipples.

   "Looks like I did a few minutes back!  That was great, to kiss you when 
you came!  I could feel all of it...  that must have been amazing.  I felt 
your come move up inside of me.  Wow.  I mean, I actually felt it hit my 
cervix or something.  And you started losing control.  Is it really that 
powerful?  When I come, it's great, and it's sort of a temporary end, but 
it's not mind-blowing, just a really great release."

   I just looked straight back at her!  For someone so inexperienced, she 
was so intent on learning everything about sex!  "Well, it's not always that 
phenomenal, but it was with you.  No,  No kidding!  I mean it!  You were 
really terrific!"  I didn't want to leave it at that-- that sounded really 
tacky. "I don't know what to mention first... I mean, the experience of 
being your first was really special.  But also, beyond that, the sex was 
great!  You have such a sexy body, and personality!  And..."

   "And what, Phil?"  She smiled back...

   "And you have such a perfect pussy..."  And to drive the point home, I 
put some saliva on my finger, and reached down and slickly rubbed her clit 
slowly up and down.  She closed her eyes, enjoying me once more, drifting 
away.

   __________

   Christine and I spent quite a bit of time together for about 3 months, 
when we both realized that we had some personality differences that couldn't 
be resolved with any ease.  Also, I was older, she had much to experience at 
college, and we had gotten too comfortable too soon with cohabitating so 
quickly after meeting.  She never felt weird about breaking up-- neither did 
I (although I still miss her silky red crotch!).  I spent the night with her 
one last time right around graduation time, but that was it, and it wasn't 
as hot as the first several weeks with her had been.  Besides, Graduation 
time had other, more interesting experiences...



Chapter 4: My Good Friend Marc's Experiences (and mine...)

   I had met Marc only a year before all my experiences with Kati and
Christine started happening.  Nonetheless, we'd become best friends very
quickly without any effort.  We had several things in common.  We enjoyed
hanging out at the weekend school parties.  We enjoyed chasing women and
we probably enjoyed the chase more in some cases than the women themselves.
I know that sounds bad, but then, I've known girls who've been at least as
'playful' as that in terms of social games.  We had similar tastes in music,
and enjoyed mall-store and music shopping together.  He had a car at the
time; I had a motorcycle.  We liked the same beer.  To address all these
common interests in one chapter (and a few others I haven't mentioned), I
have to tell you about one time we didn't like the on-campus party that
a dorm adjacent to mine was hosting, and left to hit a local bar for a
while.

   The night I'm talking about was about six months before I met Kati and
Christine.  Inevitably we'd started by getting at least one 12-pack of
Michelob Light bottles, and dumping them all in a little cooler I had.  Then
we headed over to the party, looking reasonably good; it had been a long day
and we didn't feel like dressing to kill.  We had the classic schlepp look.
It had been early, not too many people were there, but it was a nice way
to slowly ease into the evening!  We hung out with some folks, drifted
around a bit, until it became painfully obvious that if this party was EVER
going to see any action/fun, it wasn't going to start for quite a while.  I
began to get the feeling that perhaps there was an off-campus party that I
hadn't heard about (that wasn't often...) and I hated that feeling.

   "Marc, let's bag."  He agreed, we hopped into his Chevy Cavalier, and
before he turned the ignition on, I said, "wait...  I think I want to take
the bike, too... you never know!"  He made a frown, because he always
thought that meant I'd leave him early if I picked someone up.  But although
I've met people when out with him, I never left early whether or not he
had met some girl.  When we went out, we were a group for the evening.
If girls wanted to join in our party, fine.  He understood that, and because
I KNEW he understood that, I took it to mean that he was jealous of how
women reacted to the "want to go for a ride" line...  for good reason.
It turned out I wouldn't need it that night, but who knows in advance, eh?

   I smiled, and said, "so where do you wanna go, buddy?"

   He finally grinned and said,  "I have a really weird idea..."

   Pause.  Long pause.  "Yeah?  So?  Keep me in suspense, why don't you!"

   "The Well."  Hah!  Marc wanted to go to the Well!  That was funny.  You
see, the Well was usually a middle-aged (30's & 40's) desperate meat-market
kind of place!  Every once in a while they had good top 40's dance bands
with some flair, but it was funny to go in there!  At our age, early 20's,
people went in there for a night of comedy.

   I thought about it, grinning, thinking, it's gotta be better than this.
I had no idea how much it would be, then, though!  "You're on!  I'll see
you there in 25 minutes!  Stay in your boat, ok?"  And I ran back to my
room to get TWO helmets...  you never know, right?  I ran out to my 3 yr.
old Hurricane (I loved that bike), hopped on, and headed out for the
10 mile drive to the Well.

   The sky was bright and crisp, the air humid, and the moon was almost
full.  Full moon weekends always seemed to have their mystique... after
all, the strangest sexual events in my life always seemed to coincide
with the lunar cycle.  Call me nuts.

   Although the drive was about 10 miles, there were a bunch of red 
lights, and also the carefully watched speed limit of 45 mph slowed
my progress.  I finally made it, not that I had minded the gorgeous
night drive at all, and caught up with Marc in the parking lot.  It
was *full*.  I parked up near the front but around the side of the
bar, amongst other cycles, and locked my own helmet on next to the
spare.  I ran over to Marc's car and hopped in.

   "Hey buddy!  How's the drive?"

   "You tell me, Phil!  You probably enjoyed it more..."  and he handed
me a VERY cold Mich Light.

   Guzzle.  My first cold beer in a while goes down sooo smooth and fast,
know what I mean?  "Boy that was cold.  Gimme another!"

   Marc and I always took our beer to the bar and would kill at least
two beers before going in, to save on money spent inside.  Hey!  We
were college students.  You do what you have to do.

   "Know what?"  Marc asked.

   "No.  What?"  I reached for another beer and drank about half of it
in one long draw.

   "I could really do with some pussy!"  He made me laugh -- I almost spit
out the beer in my mouth!

   Well put, I thought.  Marc was a nice guy.  He was even nice to women,
but he probably wasn't as sexually active as I was, so his level of
frustration had to be higher...  and even saying things like that weren't
meant to be nasty or disrespectful, it was just guy-talk.  One guy
talking to another about how awesome it would have felt -right then- to
have some bodacious hot co-ed slip her sex down and over his cock and
rhythmically raise him to mind-blowing heights of sexual release...

   Phew.  "No doubt.  Trim hunt!  Shall we?"  I gestured to our remaining
open bottles, and after Marc nodded, I upturned mine and swallowed the
rest...  we jumped out of the car, locked it up, patted our wallets,
turned towards the bar, readjusted our crotches (our OWN), and walked
towards the door!

   The bass was clearly pounding even before we opened the front door to
the bar.  It looked kind of sleazy for a nightclub, but then, we already
knew that!  We also knew that we'd have to pay a couple of bucks to get
in.  The cover charge was never particularly high; they charged a lot for
watered down drinks and had a pretty low operating overhead because the
place (despite it's sound and light system) occupied reasonably bad real
estate.  But, as we always knew, despite their sleazyness and clear
desperation (true for both sexes in this joint), there were always a
good number of hot looking women.  Older women.  Oh well.  We came for
a reason...

   We paid our money, looked around and smiled at the funny out-of-date
clothing and started filtering through the crowd milling about near and
around the entrance area.  This was not the corner to be in.  So, we 
located a bar off to the left, and headed over to stand in front of it.

   This particular bar (within the club) was an oval/rectangular bar
island, seats all around, lots of people in front, turned away from
it and toward the dance floor; not many people behind it.  Come to think
of it there probably wasn't more than one or two back there.  Anyhow,
we still hadn't seen enough, so I pointed out the area behind the bar
island to sit and perch for a bit, and we headed back around and each
took a stool, getting into the out-of-date-by-at-least-2-years dance
music!  My intent when I get to a place like this, within 5 minutes of
being there, is to look around, check out all the attractive women, and
immediately locate which women are checking me out.  There were several
women looking my way, as I took my seat, but no one who really grabbed
my attention.  I watched for a while.

   Eventually, Marc said, "OK, Bud.  I'm going hunting, alright?  Wanna
mingle?"

   "Nahhh.  I'll hang here for a bit."

   "Suit yourself..."  and he grinned for effect, then left.

   I decided to stay put for a bit longer, not because I was being shy,
but because I wasn't in the mood yet to get into some long unnecessary
conversation with some woman I didn't know, just for the sake of coaxing
her into bed.  Yet!  I said...  yet!  I needed to get into the right
state of mind, where it didn't matter what happened that night; it didn't
matter if I found nothing, it didn't matter if I got to fuck the hottest
female in the place until I couldn't get it up anymore...  that was my
zen!  If it didn't matter, if I believed it didn't matter, then it would
almost definitely happen.  Not really.  but that way, if I went home
empty handed, it was OK, I was still happy, it would have been a fun
night.  But if I didn't, and I got some of what I wanted, then I enjoyed
it all the more.  Also, things always seem to happen more when you're not
actively looking for them to happen!

   So I was checking the place out, and I started to notice certain
people's more regular behavior patterns.  Certain guys seemed to have a
circle that they ALWAYS walked in around the club, to keep moving and
see what they might find standing alone by a bar or the dance floor's
edge...  certain women sat by the bar and did certain hair flips or 
leg movements when a guy they liked passed by, and the same sort of thing
would happen when women ignored a guy.  This was starting to be amusing,
although I was starting to feel an itch to interact rather than observe.

   I got up once, walked around the dance floor slowly, stopping in a
couple of places to check out a few ladies dancing with morons, and
at one point I noticed that Marc had found himself a tall leggy blond
with a really large chest.  She wasn't that old, and she looked like
the hairdresser type.  You know what I mean.  I didn't bother him, al-
though I winked at him when I caught his attention.  Eventually I cycled
back to the rear of the bar island and ordered an Amaretto Sour (Amaretto
Di Saronno, what else is there?).  But, this time, there were several
women standing around one spot behind the island, and one of them, as I
passed by, smiled a really shit-eating grin.  She had a really plain 
face, with nice but forgettable brown hair down to around her shoulders.
And she had a nice body, for an older woman.  I estimated her to be
around 40 years of age...  Her skin was taut, though, and she definitely
worked out.  She was wearing a long dark ruffled skirt, and a light blue
denim shirt with the tails tied in front (wanna-be younger look, I
think).  Oh, and she was wearing black western fuck-me boots.  No doubt.
She was't bad.  She was trim...  I've never been attracted to overweight
women, although I have been friends with many (weight doesn't play any
role with friendships, right?  Why should it?).  I don't even know if
I could stay hard.  All the women in my family had been grossly over-
weight, and I think it permanently turned me off to it.  Maybe that's
not fair to the wonderful female personalities out there who're carrying
around extra weight, but so be it.

   I didn't stare too long, but kept a cold look and got back on my stool.
There were two other ladies with her, probably the same age.  I decided
she wasn't my fantasy girl, and kept looking around.

   But I suppose she wasn't to be put off too easily.  After a few
minutes, I looked around, and she was still there, but her friends had
disappeared.  She had either stayed behind when they took off, or she
had told them to get lost.  No matter.  She wasn't phenomenal.  Some-
thing phenomenal would have to happen to make me play with this lady.
Something phenomenal did...

   She smiled at me when she noticed me notice her (she'd been waiting,
I guess), and I just looked at her, sipping my drink.  I didn't look
nervous, I just held her stare.  And I stayed where I was.  She finally
held up her glass in a toast, and then wiggled her index finger inviting
me over.  I decided to drag it out.  I put my index finger into my drink,
pulled it out, and sucked it dry, staring at her, no smile.  She pursed
her lips into the shape of saying "oooh" and flipped her hair around
and stared at me from behind a lock of brown hair.

   Alright, I thought.  Time to decide.  I got up, took a sip, adjusted
my clothing (dragging it out), and decided to play with her head.  I
mean, who was this middle-aged female, trying to seduce a college-age 
boy?!?  Time to find out how game she could be.  Or push her limits...
I slowly walked the ten or so feet to her stool, half-smiling, and when
I got to her, I saw she was half-sitting, half leaning, on her stool,
one straight leg planted on the floor, and one leg bent at the knee with
her foot on a high placed rail bar under the bar, so while she was 
facing me, her right thigh was horizontal to the floor, and I put my
hand squarely on her upper thigh, squeezed gently, and leaned in to
say, somewhat quietly and in a low voice, "Are you wet, yet?"

   And without waiting too long for an answer, I lightly licked her
neck before she could do anything...  and walked away to take another
walk around the bar.  I gave her a few minutes, and when I came back
I resumed sitting at my old stool, and still she was the only other
person behind the bar island!

   I sipped at my drink, and finally looked over to the brunette off to
the right of me, who seemed to have this half-smiling, half-quizzical
look to her, and when she finally caught me looking over, she seemed
to have already made up her mind about something when she got up off
her stool and started sashaying her way over to me.  Uh oh, I thought.

   I didn't always think I could automatically get laid, but here's the
scoop on that night:  take two relatively good looking guys, in shape,
young, and put them in a pick-up dance club where most of the patrons,
some good-looking, some ugly, are over 30, and those two guys can pick
and choose all night long.

   I decided that sex was easy enough to find when I really wanted only
that, and I was, I admit, feeling a little bit cocky and self-assured,
so I had decided to play a little self-righteous game with the women who
frequented this place.  Not nice of me, but fun.  A lot of fun.  So here
was this easily 40-year-old woman with, I swear, a surprisingly good body
but nothing particularly attractive about her face, and she was after me.
I decided right then she was going to have to work for it, and even then
I might not decide to fuck her.  She seemed like the sexist person within
maybe 20-30 feet of my position, and I wasn't yet in the mood to go
roaming yet.  Especially when satisfaction was standing in front of me.

   Don't get me wrong.  I'm the same guy who cared about Christine's
pleasure, and her feelings.  I was the same guy when this happened.  But,
there's not a one of you that hasn't been in the mood for just sex with
total strangers, and on your terms ONLY.  This was that kind of night...

   "So what do you like to do,"  she leaned over into my shoulder and
drawled over the music, grinning and almost winking when she pulled back
to look at my eyes.

   I thought about that one.  Should I be assertive?  Be shy and let her
do some work?  Naah.  She wasn't hot enough to drag it out.  We weren't
very visible where we were standing.  I leaned back towards her ear.  I
decided to REALLY push it.  "If you want to please me, unzip me.  Take
out my cock, and stroke me.  Make me cum.  If you're lucky, I'll let you
bend down and swallow it."  And I squinted at her for effect.

   She just stood motionless.  It was clear I had really tested her
resolve and interest.  Her jaw opened a little, as though she might say
something in response (I almost expected a slap or something), but she
closed her mouth, smiled, and then said "You're going to enjoy this...
I hope you let me taste you..." and she reached out with both arms and
grabbed my belt to pull me closer..., unzipping my jeans with one hand.

   I'd done it!  I'd dared some sexy older woman to make me cum, just like
that, directly, and she'd accepted!  It was almost surreal how she just
said yes.  I didn't know this woman, and she'd gone for my cock like a
baby for candy!

   She reached in through my boxers to start touching, scratching around
the base of my shaft.  We both appeared to just be talking closely,
watching the dance floor through the enclosed bar area blocking our view.
By then she had a really good grip on my quickly-hardening penis, and I
was growing to full size.  All the while she had stopped looking at the
room, and stared down at my cock pumping in and out of her hand... "God.
What a beautiful cock you have," she purred into my ear, looking back down.
I bet it tastes really sweet... so young and smooth...  do you want to
fuck later?  Huh?  You want to fuck me later?  I really want you to take
me somewhere later so you can fuck me hard with this..." and she kept
pumping, staring at it, "hot cock...  I love it...  I love your cock.
You've got to fuck me later...  wanna see how wet you've got me?"

   This brunette was jacking me off behind the bar, saying the dirtiest
things in my ear, and no one seemed to be any the wiser!  I'd never
thought about how horny older women get, but what they say is TRUE!  She
was hornier than I usually ever get!  And she wanted it!  I started to
think about the power I was having over her, and whether or not I'd take
her later, but actually, I was enjoying the intensity of her hand up and
down my cock so much, that I decided to stop thinking and stop staring
at her bland face.  I started looking out at the dance floor and around
the bar, and across the bar, and easily 15-20 feet down at the other end
(diagonally across from me) was some redhead talking to some guy,
wearing a TIGHT white stretch top, showing her nipples really well, and
I watched as he grabbed her and went up on the dance floor.  There were
other good looking women at the bar, and some really ugly ones, but when
I saw the ass on this lady, I knew she was going to be the one my mind
fucked while I got my easy hand-job...

So while this brunette picked up the pace on my shaft, and leaned in to
lick my ear a little (she certainly did know how to make me feel good,
I'll give her that), I watched the redhead on the dance floor get pulled
against the guy she was with, and nestle her jean-clad legs into his, I
started thinking how awesome it would be to walk up behind her, say "take
off" to the guy, reach around her, unbutton her quickly, and rip her jeans
off from behind, with everyone watching... I'd catch her by surprise,
she'd gasp, but when she saw how hard I was, she'd be transfixed!  In her
moment of indecision, I'd bend her forward, lean way over and lick her
snatch up and down a couple of times, to get her good and wet...  then I'd
plunge my meat into her all the way, no warning, just a long deep thrust
into her vice-tight pussy.  I'd reach around with one hand to her clit,
start rubbing up and down in time to my small, deep thrusts, and grab her
chest with the other hand, and we'd be spooned together while I fucked the
shit out of her tight pussy from behind.  I bet she'd be a screamer...
"Yeah, babe, that's it.  Faster..."  I told the brunette.  She smiled
back at me...

   "Are you gonna cum for me, honey?  Let me know, OK?"

   "Harder...  and I'll decide if I'll tell you, understood?  I didn't
say you could swallow it, did I?"

   She squeezed me, hard (!WOW!) at the base, and kept her strokes long
and hard, trying not to draw any attention from the bar (we weren't being
watched).  "OK baby.  Please, hon, let me drink it, huh?  I need some
cum and I want you to give it me..."  I think this gal really needed some
guy to just come along and tell her *exactly* what he wanted and that she
was going to do ONLY that -- domination fantasy or something.  This red-
head on the dance floor was moving around in a really sexy way; my mind
jumped back to the fantasy I was having with her; almost immediately
I felt the early tingles of my impending explosion, and thought quick...
If I wanted to cum inside this redhead's pussy, the closest thing right
now was this brunette's mouth, so I reached out for her small purse on the
edge of the bar and nudged it over the edge, saying... "Oh sorry.  I didn't
mean to drop that," and when she started to bend down for it, "Fucking
swallow my cum, now...  now... yeah, that's it, make me cum!"

   She had bent down (forgetting her purse) and 'swallowed' me whole; her
nose was nuzzling in my pubes, and that sent me right over the edge being
inside her warm and wet mouth, feeling that gentle suction in waves over
my cock.  The redhead on the dance floor was squeezing the cum right out of
me every time she rocked left and right with her beautiful ass...  Those
nipples were rock hard, and I was buried to the hilt!  I held this bru-
nette's mouth over me deep, felt her breathing through her nose, so I knew
she was OK, and, trying not to appear orgasmic, felt the cum shoot up
through the base of my shaft and all the way out through the head into the
wet warmth of the cavern surrounding me.  God that felt good.  I felt all
the tension shoot right out of my body with my cum, and felt like I was
slumping, relaxing, and just oozing with fresh satisfaction.  I was spent.

   The brunette milked me while I grew too sensitive, so I grabbed her and
pulled her off me, zipping myself up afterwards.  She put her arms around
me, and I let her, just feeling good, not wanting to move.  I closed my
eyes and took in the beat and the barest hints of moving lights through
my lids.  The beer, the orgasm, the beat, and her warmth all was an
amazing combination to experience.  I reached down and squeezed this
lady's butt, letting her know I'd enjoyed her ministrations, and said,
"Thank you.  I'm going to the bathroom now.  If I feel like it,  I'll
find you later, and I might just... *fuck* the shit out of you... if you
can take it..."  and to press the point, I grabbed her hair, pulled back
on it to lift her face towards mine, and I sent my tongue deep into her
mouth and squeezed her hard against me.  I tasted a little salty in her
mouth, but she'd swallowed pretty well, so I didn't mind.  When I broke
the kiss, she had this hazy look to her face, and she stepped back a
foot or so, reached down and pulled up the hem of her black skirt, barely
revealing the crotch mound of her lacy panties, and said, "something to
look forward to, sexy..."

   I watched closely as she pulled her bikini lace undies out of the way
to her left, reached down and under with her right hand to show me a
*completely* bald pussy!  She then reached further in and rubbed her
pussy lips up and down several times, and then reached back up, dropped
her skirt, and squarely put her index finger in my mouth for me to taste.

   "You've got a sweet pussy, my little suck-slave..."  Boy, I thought,
where the hell was I coming up with this shit?  But she seemed to enjoy
it a lot.  I was feeling more and more like this was some silly game.

   "You better believe it...  and if you like how it tastes, you won't
believe how it feels wrapped around your gorgeous fuck-toy...  You know
how much I want to feel you inside me..."

   I almost couldn't keep from laughing at the inanity of the situation.
So I just smiled and reached down and felt up her pubis, stroked her a
couple of times and walked off to find more adventure!

   I walked over to the bathroom and went in to relieve myself a bit
further, and upon coming out felt strangely like my night was hardly over.
So I caught a chair off to the side of the dance floor and stared out at
the couples moving around.  It was time to have a laugh or two.  One of
the things that's funniest about a place like the Well had to do with how
badly some of the middle aged men there dance.  It was a joke!  They
couldn't move to the beat; they couldn't take their eyes off some ho's
tits, and they wore those horrible black or white button-down shirts,
sometimes even wearing VESTS!   Jeez.  Get a life, I thought.  Get a
hobby.  It seemed pretty sad if they came here often because they didn't
feel like they'd get anything meeting women elsewhere.

   Folks, in my experience, you can get just as far if not further with
a woman who DOESN'T frequent a place like this just as fast if not faster.
There are good reasons for going to a place like this, but ONLY sex wasn't
it.  People need to let off steam and people-watch.  Beyond that,  if you
just want to get laid, go to the GROCERY store!  Or a discount department
store like K-mart or Target or Walmart!  Or get a hobby and spend public
time actively pursuing it!  Far more sexual women participate in hobbies
and actively SHOP than go to places like these.  Some men really need a
major awakening.

   Oh well.  So I caught myself thinking about some of their sorry lives,
and shook myself out of it when I finally located Marc again!

   All that time (while I was getting fresh cum sucked out of me), Marc
was having a VERY interesting time out on the dance floor with this out-of-
-control blonde lady feeling him up in public.  And lots of the middle-aged
guys in the bar were standing around the dance floor staring at him,
wondering how the hell he had gotten so lucky!  If only they'd seen me...

   She was wearing 70's-style stretch lycra pants and an oversize white
button-down shirt, drawn in at the waist by a big red belt.  Hah!  What
an outfit!  And she had on 3-inch-heels, you know, "fuck-me" pumps.  Phew.
And Marc was grinding up against this woman who had to be at least 8-10
years older than him.  You could tell she was pushing that pussy tight up
against his crotch, and he was loving it!

   I watched her move against him to the beat of the music as it changed
to a slower tune; the light faded back to a darker ambience, and people
started to sway back and forth.  The blonde's eyes were half open, and
she'd plastered her body as close to Marc's as she could've without glue.
She looked like she needed it almost as much as he did!

   I didn't have to wonder long about what came next when she grabbed his
hand off of her ass, and started walking him towards the back door to the
place.  What would come next was most likely Marc...

   The Well was located on the inland side of our beach town, and had a
series of piers and marina docks running all up and down the area behind
the bar.  It was a well-known after-hours spot for overheated Well guests.
I decided what Marc was up to would be hotter than anything I was watching
on the dance floor, so I waited a few minutes, then followed them out the
back door!  Little did I know at the time - someone else had the same idea.

   When I exited the rear of the bar, the cold feel and the smell of salt
water hit me hard as I cooled down from the inside heat.  My eyes adjusted
to the increased light right around the door, but managed to locate Marc
and his little slut-puppy from inside walking about 50 yards down one of
the docks off to my right.  I quietly started moving off in that direction.
There was little likelihood that I'd be noticed, and I kept moving and
realized as I did so that the light was dropping off to my rear, and my
eyes were once again getting used to seeing in the dark.  Watching closely,
I noticed that they had climbed aboard some boat I couldn't see very well.
I kept walking and turned left where they had done so several minutes be-
fore, heading out on a smaller pier.  There were several small yachts tied
up at various intervals, and I thought I saw the one that they had gone to.

   I slowly walked up there, trying not to make any noise, but none of the
lights were on in any of these boats' cabins, so I figured I didn't have
to worry too much.  It wasn't that late out.  Suddenly I heard some
creaking behind me, and when I stopped to look, I assumed it had been a
noisy wooden pier swaying with the waves, because I couldn't see anything.
I forgot about the noise and continued on, and when I arrived at the boat
they had gotten on to, a small light came on in the cabin, and I got close
enought to peer in through a small porthole where the blinds failed to
close all the way.  "Alright!"  I thought.  Marc's gonna get fucked!

   When I leaned over the edge of the boat, and looked in, I could clearly
see Marc sitting on a couch off to my right, and this woman was basically
draped over him, stroking his crotch through his jeans.  "Nice boat," I
thought, looking around.  But that didn't hold my attention for long.
Why?  Because the blonde had stood up, grabbed hold of her waist, kicked
off her heels, and peeled off her lycra stretch pants and panties in one
fluid motion, leaning way over towards him so he couldn't quite see her
pussy yet.  But I could.  She had this really hairy blond bush peeking
out between her ass cheeks.  She looked slutty, but she *did* have a very
hot body.  Nice legs.  Sheesh.  So she stood up, slowly, for full effect,
and as she did, you could see Marc unable to look at anything other than
her bush.  She stayed three-four feet in front of him, while he lay back
against the couch-back, enjoying the show, and she reached down and stuck
a finger right into her fucking hole.  Fuck!  Where do these women come
from?!?  She just stood there in front of him, playing with her pussy,
and while she did, he unzipped himself and took out his cock.  Immediately
I got jealous.  His cock was noticeably longer than mine was.  I shouldn't
have been jealous;  I always got more action, but he was longer.  Oh well.

   Anyhow, he started stroking himself, so she stopped her self-reverie
to watch him expose himself to her, and she stood transfixed, licking her
lips, showing how much she was looking forward to what was coming...

   By this time, I had my right hand inside my pants, squeezing the hell
out of my own once-again erect organ, and all because I wasn't paying
attention to anything but the show in front of me, I almost jumped out
of my skin when a sexy voice beside me said, "so what's got you so
worked up, honey?"  Jesus!  I tried REALLY hard not to let on how much
I had been startled, but I doubt it worked.  Lucky this gal had other
things on her mind.  It was the short-haired brunette from inside the
bar who'd sucked my dry not an hour ago.

   "I saw you leave, and I really wanted some more of what you've got to
offer..."  I grinned, and looked back at the show in front of me.  The
same.  They were building the tension... staring at each other.

   "My friend seems to have been picked up by some blonde who owns a boat.
Come on over, take a look..."  And she smiled wickedly as she slid over
in front of me.  I almost heard her breathing pick up when she watched
what I was seeing.  We stopped thinking about what we were doing as we
saw the blonde up the ante.

   Marc's leggy blonde slowly squatted in front of him, legs spread
about two feet apart, then, as she put her hands down on either side,
rocked back so her ass touched the ground.  She sat back, and then
leaned backwards so her pussy and blonde bush were more visible to Marc,
not to mention me and the 40-year-old grinding her ass against my cock.

   I saw Marc's eyes get glassy and his mouth drop open more when she
lay back on the carpet, lift up on her elbows, lick her lips, and mouth,
unmistakably, "FUCK ME."  She still had on her red belt, holding the
tails of a huge white shirt out of the way, and as Marc began to get up,
she struggled with one hand to unbutton the top buttons on her shirt.
She managed to undo a few before Marc knelt in front of her, cock in hand,
and she pulled one side out of the way to make visible a really enormous
right breast, somewhat saggy, but still really big.

   "Shit" I said, almost loudly, "look at those tits..."

   The brunette in front of me laughed a little and said, "You're getting,
hard, kiddo.  You think you might be willing to give me a little of that?"

   "Shut up.  I might fuck you if you don't stop beggin for it..."

   "Ooooh..  yeah, treat me like your fuck-slave, come on...  fuck me while
your friend fucks her, ok?"  She reached behind her and lifted up the back
of her skirt around her waist, showing me her tight, creamy buns.  It was
really clear now that she worked out.  I bet she could squeeze me dry...

   "Where are your panties, pussy?"  I asked, when I looked down and saw
her bald mons, glistening in the dark from the moonlight.

   "In my purse-- I wanted you to be able to fuck me really easily."

   Easy access.  How thoughtful of her.  OK, I thought.  This could be
really interesting.  Of course, I was too far gone to worry about protec-
tion.  I know that's really bad, but I just wanted to be inside a pussy.
Not any pussy, but that blonde pussy with the hairy bush...  Marc's little
treasure for the night.  I pulled out of my boxers, unbuckled and unbuttoned
myself, and freed my now aching cramped member...  oooh, the night air.  I
wouldn't stay hard too long this way.  I didn't have to worry, though, be-
cause in several seconds, the brunette reached back, guided me to her silky
entrance, and without getting me lubed, proved she had more than enough for
me when she slammed hard back against my cock.  

    "Oohhhhhhh...."  She made this deep guttural moan...  if I knew she
could make noise like that, I would've fucked her earlier.  She could make
me come like that alone.  Phew.  We watched, not moving, as inside the boat
Marc buried himself deep inside the blonde's crotch.  The woman underneath
him opened her mouth wide with eyes clenched shut, gripped his back with
her nails, and started moving against him immediately, clutching at his
back.  She was going to get the fucking of her life.  I looked down at the
base of my cock buried to the hilt inside this sopping bald cunt, and said,
"I hope you can take it..."

   She turned her head, showing a thin smile and an evil look in her eyes,
and said, "You better fuck the shit out of me, mister.  I've got enough
tight pussy to keep you busy for days on end, if you'll let me, hon.  Come
on, babe.  Fuck me deep."  And with that, she looked back through the port-
hole, watching Marc fuck some woman on the carpet of her cabin, with long
deep strokes.  I clutched at this gal's small breasts through her denim
shirt, while I pumped deep into and through her cunt lips to paradise
within...  I loved it.  Her shaved pussy was worth waiting for, though.
I could feel her grinding her skin against my pubic bone, and every square
inch of her lips were leaving their tingly reaction behind as she slid up
and down on my shaft.  "I like your shaved pussy, slut."

   "I knew you would, honey.  I knew you'd like my pussy.  I told you how
good and tight it would be, didn't I...  yes...  OHhhhhh... GOD you feel
so thick by my clit.  It's rubbing my clit really hard.  Keep that up,
stud.  Don't you dare stop.  I need it.  Make me cum hard, hon, make me
cum...   Hey look at them, they're changing positions..."  She pointed my
attention back to Marc and the blonde.  She was right.  They were.

   Marc moved back to a sitting position on the couch and the blond climbed
on top of him, mounting his cock.  They slowed once he was back inside her,
and she pulled off her shirt, exposing that huge chest to us.  I thought
about how nice it would feel to fuck her tits-- almost as nice as the bru-
nette's cunt felt right about now.  I was standing behind her, with her
skirt hiked up around her waist, plunging as deep as I could manage into
a soaking wet set of lips that felt like they were clutching at every inch
of me.  A wave of pleasure rocked me every couple of minutes and I moaned,
egging her on, and then she surprised me, reaching down through her legs,
watching the rider inside take Marc inside her in deep slow strokes.  She
reached in and then back, first lightly then more firmly touching my
balls as I pushed deep inside.  We weren't really moving much, so she was
able to take hold of me, but she was gentle enough.

   And things began to speed up...  the blonde leaving slick reflection
marks on Marc's upright cock as she rocked forward began to make more
noise, almost yelling about how good his cock felt, and I imagined it
was the brunette.  But then, I didn't have to imagine, so I said "You
think you can make noise, sexy?  I don't think I want to cum.  You think
you can make me cum with your deep voice, pussy?"

   I had leaned forward and looked sidelong into her half-lidded eyes when
I said that, and when I did, her eyes just sort of rolled back into her
head, and she started moaning on every thrust, chanting at first in a 
deep pitched whisper, then louder, "fuck me, fuck me, fuck me...  come on,
yeah yeh yeh... fuck me..." and various forms of the same... but that voice
started sending chills up my spine, and back down again into my balls as
she squeezed them.  That had done it... I couldn't hold back anymore as
I clutched her for all I was worth, squeezing her out of breath for a second
as I pumped my seed into her bare cunt.  I stood there, spasming, and let
out a loud groan as I lost control.  I could only wonder about how many
had heard me, and then as I relaxed, I slumped over the brunette, and her
over the railing, rocking our side of the boat several inches lower.  The
blonde turned her head as we looked in, with a slight smile on her lips,
and then she picked up the pace, Marc none the wiser.  Then she started
practically jumping on his cock, and it was clear that she was cumming,
and if it hadn't been clear from the show, she started loudly groaning
for her audience...  When she slowed, Marc tried to keep it going, but
she got off, and said something to him, while stroking him, so he wouldn't
get the wrong idea, and she left our view for a second.  Suddenly (I almost
freaked again), a voice came from off to our right.

   "Sarah--" the naked blond with huge knockers looked down at the brunette
and smiled, "come on in-- bring your man in..."  Son of a BITCH!  I thought.
They KNEW each other!  I could only shake my head as the woman I was with,
Sarah, smiled and pulled my on board and down a step ladder into the warmth
of the cabin.

   "Phil!"  Marc said, reaching for the blond, who resumed stroking him to
keep him hard.  "What the hell were you doing outside?"

   "I was watching you two, but apparently these two seem to know each other.
Damn if I'm not really surprised..."  But I was still hard.  I hard just
fucked one of the hottest pussies I had felt in a while, and the blonde lady
was stroking Marc while she looked straight at me...

   "He just fucked me outside, Moira.  He's thick.  Very nice.  And..."
she looked right at my cock sticking out of my jeans...  "he's still rock
hard.  I just love the hell out of that.  Why don't you have a taste, hmmm?"

   "I'd love to...  but poor Marc here has a really bad case of blue balls,
and I'd hate to deprive him of the release he seems to need so badly,"  and
she reached down and sucked a little on his head to make her point.

   "No problem!  I'm still soaking wet and I'd love a nice long cock back
inside me...  you look like you'd do nicely!"  She moved over in front
of him, and raised her skirt to show her glistening skin around her lips.

   "Oh fuck, babe.  I need that pussy.  Turn around and back onto me, OK?
No waiting-- she left me high and dry and I want to come inside you..."
Marc was gonna have sloppy seconds!  I didn't tell him.  Why ruin the
surprise!  Anyhow, that pussy was worth it!  Sarah removed her skirt and
denim shirt, stripping down to reveal her athletic older body, still
extremely attractive and sexy.  And she backed over him, and eased down
over his shaft.  He just lost complete control as he lifted her ass up and
down, up and down.  I remembered what it felt like to be buried inside her
with no hair to get in the way, and completely forgot about the blonde
until I felt her encompass my cock inside her mouth, stroking the base up
and down with both hands.  Man oh man did that feel good.  I knew I could
settle back for an excellent blowjob-- I wouldn't come too soon.

   Moira kept up that motion for a long time, even through the moment when
Marc exploded into Sarah's cunt, pushing so hard off the couch he rubbed
her clit enough to make her come again.  But I was lost in the feeling of
this blonde lady that Marc had fucked so hard earlier stroking my entire
crotch up and down, then reaching her tongue down to lick my scrotum all over
and nibble at the edges.  I was in heaven.  No words were spoken since we had
all come downstairs and gotten down to business.  Moira was kneeling in
front of me and starting to get her chest into the action-- I was actually
getting the tit-fuck I had been imagining beforehand-- and it felt marvelous.
It was a slow buildup, but I felt like it wouldn't be long until I came and I
told her so.  I said, "your mouth feels fucking amazing, but I want to come
inside your bush.  I wanna fuck you really hard for a little while and dump
my load in your pussy---  come on, lay back like you did for Marc."

   Marc and Sarah watched silently as Moira, the blonde, lay back and pulled
her knees back to her chest, baring her open lips for me, and I leaned for-
ward off the couch, placed my cockhead at her fuzzy entrance, and sunk in
in one motion all the way to the base of my cock.  We had our mouths open,
not moving, enjoying the feeling, but I knew I had to come and I let myself
pick it up, drawing out almost all the way and sinking back in deeply.  I
knew I wouldn't last more than a minute or two, so I just let it happen--
I just pumped her for all I was worth to the sound of her grunts when I
thrust, and let the feeling encompass me from my toes all the way up to the
base of my skull.  I just thrust as hard as I could and kept it deep, press-
ing at her clit as I starting pumping inside her all the energy I had left to
give.  Wave after wave of pleasure passed over me as my whole body started
to spasm, lose control.  I don't think I had much sperm left to give, but
sometimes the feeling of a second and third cum is more powerful than even
the first can be.

   And then it was over.  I couldn't move; I just lay there, watching as Moira
just breathed underneath me-- she'd blown my mind.  It looked as though we'd
also blown hers, but then, it also appeared as though these two weren't new-
cummers to this activity.  I pulled out, and leaned back to sit on the floor
with my back to the couch, exhausted.

   I looked from Moira whose enormous breasts heaved with every breath, over
to Sarah, who began to stir, then got up with a contented smile on her face
and went over to the galley area in the back of the room and came back with an
open bottle of red wine.  Someone had been drinking in here before Marc
brought Moira back here.  Sarah walked back to the couch, shaking her tail
a little bit as she sat back down.  She took a drink and then we began to
pass it around.

   We relaxed for a while, mellowing from the wine and getting our energy
back, and then after a while, since they asked so nicely and they both
went to wash off first, Marc and I went down on them at the same time,
me on Sarah, and Marc on Moira.  I got to lick that beautiful slick baby-
smooth pussy, and was rewarded with a really fast orgasm that made her too
sensitive for me to continue, so we waited as Marc finished up Moira.

   It had been too bizarre an evening to really end it in some sappy way, so
we just thanked them for a great night and dressed and left.  Apparently this
was Moira's dock slip, and her husband had died some years before leaving her
a lot of money, so she led a good life.  She had met Sarah at the Well, then
bumped into her often in the neighborhood, and the friendship just ensued.
I just explained that Marc and I were friends from school.  We didn't want to
be tracked down, so when they asked for our numbers we declined, but we said
that didn't mean we weren't interested in seeing them again-- we'd catch them
at the Well sometime.  And we left.

   We lumbered along the dock getting our balance back (it wasn't easy), and
laughed as we headed around the Well into the parking lot.  What a night.
What a hook-up.  The girls at school were into hooking up too, but rarely
along the lines of the little fuck-fest we had just had.  I just wanted to
drive home and get some really deep sleep.  What a time.  Who says college
years are the hardest of your life?

____________________________________________________________________

FUTURE CHAPTERS TO COME  (teasers...)

Chapter 5: The Foreign Exchange Program (my Swedish Bunny)

Chapter 6: Nicki... a Dangerous Gamble!

Chapter 7: Graduation Festivities!

