Archive-name: Family/hot-hike.txt
Archive-author: Sleazy Liz
Archive-title: Pleasure of Family Hiking, The


     It had been just about the most physical day in Cheri's whole life. 
The 16 year old high school girl had decided to join her parents and her
brother, along with several groups in a week-long hike through the Colorado
mountains.  And at the end of the first day, she was really tired, and felt
sore in every muscle in her body.  So after a hearty supper, she agreed to
join the rest of the women, and walked a short distance to a small stream
where they proceeded to bathe.
     Cheri was not the shy type, especially since she knew several of the
other girls her age, and their mothers, but she felt a little uneasy as she
noticed Bambi's mother, Regina watching her rather closely.
     Cheri was a slight, slender, yet athletic looking young lady, who
loved field and track, and horseback riding.  And it showed, as the cold
stream water glistened on her petite, firm body.  She had a marvelous tan,
with the exception of her bikini marks, showing pure white skin of her
buttocks and breasts.  Her nipples were a dark rosy color, and the muff of
her pubic region was so pale that she looked almost devoid of any.  When
Cheri kept noticing how the older woman kept looking at her, it embarrassed
her slightly, and yet she felt `something' between them.  
     Regina was much taller, and was also a slender woman who in spite her
40 or so years, still retained a lot of her youthful firmness, her larger
breasts still high, firm, and tipped with dark, almost black nipples.  Her
still-black hair hung well down her back, and the muff of pubic hair
pointed like a black arrow head down to those fat, thick labia.
     Feeling strange about the feelings coursing through her body, young
Cheri slowly swam off from the main group as they seemed to gather around
the shore, and she disappeared around a curve in the stream.  The sun was
still warm, and moving a few feet from the water's edge, Cheri lay in the
grass, and within moments her eyes closed and she drifted off to sleep.
     She felt her self dreaming, a strange dream, where she was in a huge
pleasant-smelling bed, and she could see many, many women dancing around
her, each approaching her naked, outstretched body, and they would lean
over and with their mouth and hands they would touch and caress those
delicate parts of her young body.  They kissed her mouth, their tongues
seeking hers, while still others kissed, licked and sucked her nipples
until they were highly aroused, and hard, sending thrills throughout her
body.     
     Even more women leaned over her lean, flat belly, and using their
fingertips, separated those lips, and exposed that aroused clit, and would
barely touch it with their tongues until poor Cheri could feel the fluids
flowing within her vagina as her sexual feelings swiftly rose, bringing her
closer still to an orgasm.
     It was not unusual for this young girl to frequently have sexual
fantasies which took place with other girls.  While she had never permitted
herself to really have a physical encounter with another female, she often
dreamed about it.  There were several of her female teachers who caused
some strong feelings within this young student.
     Soon, this dream became more and more erotic as Cheri felt herself
swiftly approaching her ultimate orgasm, and something in her subconscious
mind told her that this was now going past any previous ordinary dream, and
after a brief struggle, she forced herself to wake up. 
     The young girl rose to her elbows and in trying to balance herself
found it impossible to bring her slender legs close together.  She looked
down and got the shock of her life.
     There, between her widely spread legs, the young girl saw the thick,
curly hair of Regina, and just as she was about to leap to her feet, she
feel something so exotic that it caused her to freeze on the spot.
     The feeling she had experienced in her dream, was in fact real.  Cheri
felt her vagina being held open by Regina's slender fingers, and at the
same time felt her girlfriend's mother slip out her long, slick tongue, and
it flickered out, around and into that young moist vagina licking and
sucking its way several inches into that love channel.
     Cheri gasped and groaned as she felt that object churning around in
that tunnel, and quickly she bent her knees until her feet were almost
under her buttocks, and with a soft cry, Cheri lay down on her back, her
hands grasping her tiny breasts, flickering around her nipples, while she
braced her feet on the ground, and quickly humped her buttocks up into the
air in an attempt to cause Regina to stick that tongue still further into
her pussy.
     Regina immediately recognized these signs of surrender from Cheri, and
sucked and licked harder and faster, tasting the abundance of fluids now
flowing from the younger woman's vagina.
     Quickly, Regina spread apart the opening to Cheri's vagina, and using
her saliva slickened finger, she gently prodded and pried, deeper into that
tunnel until she felt the obstruction of the girl's maidenhead, her
`cherry.'  Surprised, and a little disappointed, since Regina had hoped
that Cheri was promiscuous.  Nevertheless, the feeling of the younger
woman's inner vaginal muscles clenching, sucking on her tongue and that
finger brought a great deal of pleasure to Regina.  As the fingers of
Regina's left hand continued to prod deep into that small, tight vagina,
and her tongue laved around and against that delicious clit, Regina reached
down to her own pubic area, separating her own labia, and using her long,
slender middle fingers, worked it into her pulsating pussy, working it in
and out, twisting that finger around and around, until she was soon
wailing, crying with joy, her sounds partially smothered as her mouth
pressed hard against her daughter's best friend.
     Cheri's soft moans soon became louder, and faster as she quickly
approached her first female to female sexual encounter, one which she knew
she wanted to replay time after time.
     She cried with delight everytime that tongue scored around her clit,
causing her to spread her knees so far apart that they almost touched the
soft grass on each side of her hips, while she still continued to hump her
buttocks up and down in an effort to `fuck' that exploring tongue, and that
long, slender finger.
     Then Regina groaned with happiness as she felt the swift, spasmatic
quivering of her lover's vagina as Cheri entered her first orgasm.  Regina
felt Cheri arch her back up into the air for several long moments, freeze
there, and then slowly relax, only to start her humping and screwing all
over again.  Soon more and more of the younger woman's orgasmic juices
began flowing from that deep channel, which Regina eagerly licked up,
tasting that delicious flavor, bringing herself to her own orgasm.
     Time after time young Cheri `came' each time feeling as if she was
going to loose consciousness, but only weakening for a few moments, and
then starting over again.  Still feeling that wonderful prodding into her
most secret inner parts by both that finger and her lover's tongue.
     Then, with a final terrific sensation, unlike any she had brought upon
herself, Cheri felt her whole vaginal area convulsing in such a way, that
caused the young woman to almost pass out.  She felt herself almost
exploding within her body, and soon becoming so weak, that with a low, soft
groan, the petite girl simply wilted to the ground as she felt herself on
the verge of passing out.
     At this time also, Regina was earnestly masturbating, her finger
flickering in and out of that vagina of her own, bringing herself equally
as delightful an orgasm as Cheri was enjoying.  Soon Regina's whole hand
was saturated with the abundance of her own love juices, and with a final
cry of joy, she lifted her cum drenched face from Cheri's crotch, and
slithering upward, the two woman held each other in their arms as they felt
the slow, gradual decline of their sexual feeling.
     They hugged and kissed each other, and with a final gesture, they lay
back onto the soft grass, when Cheri turned to face Regina.  They smiled,
kissed and Cheri was about to lower her head, when she glanced a few feet
past her lover to the edge of the woods.
     She received a terrific shock at that moment, because standing there
only a few feet away was young David, Cheri's 14 year old brother, and
beside him was young Bambi, Regina's daughter. 
     How long they had been standing there, watching the passions of Cheri
and Regina being performed was unknown.  But the effect of their
observations were pretty obvious.
     David, tall, husky, handsome, stood there in his hiking shorts and a T
shirt.  The bulge of his loins was extremely pronounced, outlining a penis
that would have measured well over 8 inches if not so tightly enclosed.  At
the same time, the khaki material of those shorts was already darkly and
wetly stained by the steady flow of his seminal fluids caused by the sight
of Regina and his own sister.  
     Already, in their excitement, David had gently grasped Bambi in his
strong arms, and was relishing the feeling of being able to wrap his arms
around her wide firm buttocks and pressing her back against that swollen
shaft, dampening her own red hiking shorts.
     The sight of three of the sexiest women he had ever seen, especially
the sight of Regina just having seduced young Cheri, his own sister, left
poor David just too aroused to be turned away.
     And Regina was desperately in the mood to be satisfied in a way that
only David could perform.
     Quickly getting to her feet, the mother walked over to her daughter
and the boy, and placing her hand on Bambi's shoulder, said softly, "Sorry,
Bambi, I hope you don't mind, but I've just got to borrow your friend for a
few minutes." 
     And with that, Regina took the youngster in her arms, and skillfully
maneuvered her pubic region around in such a manner to trap that long,
thick bulge between her naked thighs, and caused a great deal of movement
and pressure, enough to bring a gasp from David as he felt her inner thighs
squeezing on his rock hard cock.
     Expertly, Regina's fingers unfastened David's hiking shorts, and they
slid down his long, bronzed legs, and an instant later, he raised his T
shirt up over his head.  Her heart quickened as she saw that huge wet bulge
sticking out as his cock stretched his shorts so far from his body, that
the woman could easily look down into the wide open waist band, where she
could see the thick, kinky muff of dark hair surrounding the base of that
massive cock.
     Spotting a large leaning tree behind her, Regina stepped backwards,
holding David close to her until her soft buttocks were pressed into the
bark.  With one final movement, the woman hooked her thumbs into his
underwear, and slid them off, causing his trapped cock to spring up, almost
straight up into the air, super long, hard and thick.
     "Dave, let's not screw around with too much foreplay.  Cheri has
already made me hot enough to want this, and I want you to do it to me
fast, hard and make me cum as much as possible." groaned the older woman,
as she reached down with her small, delicate hand, grasped that hot shaft,
and maneuvered that cock head down until it was rubbing between her thick,
dripping labia, combining their juices.
     Poor David was flabbergasted, having simply intended to walk with
Bambi in the woods, and instead having witnessed the hottest sexual scene
in his life, between his own sister and the woman who was now ordering him
to just plain screw her.  With one look over at the two young ladies,
watching as they sat beside each other, Cheri still naked, and showing the
effects of her torrid love affair with Regina, while the slightly younger
Bambi sat there straddle legged, her fingers slowly and delicately flicking
in and out of the hem of her short-shorts as she watched her mother her
best friend's younger brother about to start having intercourse right in
front of all of them!
     Cheri and Bambi closely watched how Regina guided David's cock between
her labia, seeking and finding the entrance into her saturated vagina, and
then lifting herself up on her toes, held that shaft at a certain angle,
and then with a sigh, she dropped back onto her heels, and also squatted
slightly.  With a soft, wet squishing sound, the girls saw that long, thick
tube immediately penetrate that love channel until in less than a second,
only the thick base of that prick was exposed in that thick muff, plus
those huge swinging balls as the girls watched Regina's fat labia being
spread apart to their utmost by the thickness of that rod.
     This brought a high whine to Regina's throat, as she felt that wedge
shaped cock head penetrate her vagina to the utmost, massaging and
caressing her super sensitive pussy, bringing tears to her eyes as she felt
it well up into her belly.  
     Louder still was the sob of joy that David felt as the strong,
clenching inner pussy muscles of Regina surrounded his cock, clenching it
like she was still holding it in her strong fingers.
     Eagerly, the lovely woman wound her slender arms around David's neck
whispering for him not to move for a few moment, "until I can adjust to
this wonderful, wonderful love tool," she gasped as she skillfully worked
those inner muscles around that cock until she could almost feel her juices
oozing from her pussy, lubricating the entire length of that shaft,
preparing it for the tremendous workout she was hoping for.
     Then Regina leaned back until she was almost laying flat on the
leaning tree, half laying, half standing, using her arms to hold her
balance, while she slowly arranged herself with one leg on each side of the
trunk, and looking down at the fantastic sight of seeing that hugh shaft
buried deep within her, and how it caused her labia to spread so far open,
that she could easily spot her fat, swollen clitoris that had slid out from
its hidden area, until it almost looked like a tiny penis in itself,
actually rising out past those fat labia until it was rubbing against the
hard, hairy cock base.
     Then with a soft "Now!" she signaled her lover, and almost instantly
David reached out to grasp her by her wide hip bones, and withdrew inch
after inch from her tight vagina, feeling how wonderful it felt as her
strong muscles clenched every last inch of him.  Then with a slight pause,
David hesitated, but the tingling within the head of his cock was too
strong, and holding onto her hips, he jerked his hips forward, and then up
hard, smashing that instrument deep into his lover, and gave a twist
causing a considerable amount of friction against her clit, bringing a loud
cry of joy from her, as she arched her body, and shoved her hips out half
way to meet his.
     Then they retreated, withdrawing, and then came together, starting
this slowly at first, but increasing their speed and force, all the time
David fighting for better footing in order to strive for harder and faster
strokes.  Already the young man could feel an abundance of the combinations
of their love juices flowing from those labia, flowing down his cock, onto
his scrotum, and oozing down both his and her inner thighs as they already
began to enter into their initial orgasms.
     Watching all this, from only a few feet away sat young Cheri, watching
for the very first time in her life, a male and female making love, and not
just an ordinary male, but her own brother.  She saw him in a totally
different light, as from slightly behind and to one side she watched his
hard, strong-looking leg and buttocks straining and flexing as he strained
to fuck that lovely woman to his utmost.  
     Cheri could clearly watch her brother's swollen scrotum swinging back
and forth, with each in-stroke, that thick, fleshy sack would swing up and
smack hard up into the crack of Regina's ass until the hair around it
actually began to tickle her.  At the same time, each time their hard
bellies smacked into each other, she could also feel the thick mound of
pubic hair rubbing against that molten, greatly enlarged clit of hers. 
     Up to now, Cheri had never even seen David even in his underwear, and
always thought of him just as a younger kid brother, but the reactions that
were coming from those two lovers sure was unusual.  He was strong, as his
arms, back, buttocks and legs moved together as they fucked harder and
faster, until Cheri could see large quantities of their perspiration
flowing from their flesh, and running down the center of his back, deep
into the crack of his ass.
     "Boy, they sure know what to do", gasped young Bambi as she sat there
inches from Cheri, watching the younger boy screwing her Mom until the
older woman found it more and more difficult to balance back against the
tree.  
     "Yeah, I've never seen anything like this!" Cheri said as she watched
Bambi's left hand pulling the hem of her shorts open and the fingers of her
right hand formed a small cone, and the girl was masturbating much faster
then David and Regina were screwing.  The entire crotch of Bambi's tiny red
shorts was totally saturated, and through that gap Cheri could clearly see
those cuntlips opening and closing as three fingers worked in and out of
that lovely young woman sitting so close to her, that Cheri could even
smell that delicious odor of her love juices that soaked not only her
loins, but her hand and wrist.
     "Ahhh hell, I gotta do more," gasped Bambi, and jumping to her feet,
she quickly slipped off her shirt, bra, shorts and panties, standing
completely naked.
     "Now, damned it, Cheri, you just gotta help me a little!"
     And with that young Bambi eased down on her knees, pressing them
between Cheri's spread legs, and grasping the girl by her shoulders, the
little Bambi pressed Cheri back onto the grass, flat on her back.  Quickly,
Bambi straddled one of Cheri's legs, and quickly brought her cum-saturated
pussy down until her cunt lips were actually pressing against Cheri's, and
almost as if one were a man, the other a woman, Bambi began to rub, rotate,
twist her pussy deep against Cheri until both women could feel the pressure
against her own clit as they rubbed and fucked at each other.
     For the second time in her life, and one right after the other, Cheri
felt herself being made love to by another woman.  The girl could actually
feel the thick, firm lips of Bambi's pussy pressing between her pussy lips
slipping up and rubbing into the area of her clit, causing that love object
to swell way up, and get so hot that again poor Cheri felt still another
series of her orgasms swiftly approaching.
     In spite of her slightly shorter body, Bambi arched her back, pressing
her very small, hard, firm nipples up until they were making contact
against the larger, softer breasts of Cheri until nipple was massaging
nipple, and they moved their chests back and forth as they sought the
ultimate orgasm.
     So involved in their own satisfaction now, that the two young woman
failed to watch David and Regina as that young man screwed that lovely
woman, banging her back against that tree trunk until she thought he was
capable of `nailing' her to it.   Regina was normally always capable of
enjoying sex with a variety of partners, both male and female, but the
events of the past hour were a combination she seldom achieved.  First that
wonderful orgasm with the beautiful Cheri, and now in full view of both
Bambi and David's sister, Cheri, she was getting screwed so great, that it
was only a matter of moments before she scored her ultimate orgasm.  As she
was laying back against the tree for support, she had glanced over at the
other two women, and while surprised, was delighted to see how Cheri was
again responding to Bambi's lovemaking, as the two girls were bumping,
rubbing off against each other until they too had already were entering
their orgasms.  Regina smiled as she watched the two entwined, their bodies
rubbing together in such a manner that showed large amounts of their love
juices oozing from their little pussy's, and most of it covering the lower
belly of Cheri who was laying on the bottom.
     It was then that lucky Regina felt those innermost feelings that told
her she was entering her greatest orgasm yet.  As that cock slashed back
and forth in and out of her tight pussy, she felt the tingling deep in her
loins, feeling the spasms hit her vaginal area as she began to wail aloud
as she screamed, "Ahhhhh, shit, I'mmmm cumming.  Yaaaaa, I'm commin',
Ohhhhh, here it cums."
     For the first time in his life, David felt like a superman.  He drove
that shaft as deep into her as he could, feeling her buttocks pounding
against that tree trunk, feeling the inner muscles of her vagina now
quivering and going through spasms he did not know existed.  He raised
himself up from Regina's upper body, and grinned to himself as he watched
her experiencing one orgasm after the other, her muscles within her pussy
trying to squeeze his juices out of him as she attempted to bring him off
together.  Her hips were pumping back and forth, up and down, around in
little circles as she began to whine and cry with delight as she felt
quantities of her love cream oozing from her, flowing down the inside of
both her inner thighs.
     She wailed and moaned, and with a long low sigh, she acted like she
was going to melt right then and there.  Still pinned to the tree by
David's body, not able to move as he still was rock hard in her, holding
her against the trunk, he saw her eyes roll back in her head, and she
appeared to go limp and almost pass out.
     But David was not quite yet in the position of `cumming' and he felt
he wanted a lot more fun before he did.
     Gently grasping Regina around her waist, he backed the both of them
away from the tree, and gently lowered himself to his knees, and only then
did he back away slowly, and his cock eased out, flopping out of that still
sucking pussy, bringing out with it, large quantities of their love juices.
     After he lowered Regina onto the ground on her back, he looked down
momentarily at his still rock hard, molten hot cock, and thought, "Well, I
still got this problem, and I got to do something to relieve it."
     That was when he looked over at his older sister, still locked
together arm in arm with Bambi as they continued to fuck each other,
rubbing, clashing their hot steaming pussies together, rubbing them until
their whole loin areas were absolutely drenched.  As he still knelt there,
he watched as Bambi raised her buttocks slightly, marveling how soft and
round her little ass looked from behind her, and watched as she again lined
up her pussy with that is his sister's and brought them together, crushing
flesh to flesh as they ground clit against clit.
     The young man continued to kneel there for several more seconds,
watching those two beautiful women.  "Which one and how?"
     The answer was easy for him.  Making up his mind, he slowly crawled
still closer and closer, grasping that rock hard cock in his hand, he
waited until just the right moment, and when least most expected he struck.
     It was a day Cheri would remember for her whole life!

          -- THE END --
--
