     At the seminar I met Raymond Dumont in the hotel lounge.  Our 
conversation touched on the subject of transvestites--men who enjoy 
dressing in women's clothing.  I couldn't get that thought out of my mind 
during the night.  It had been a long time since I had dressed.  I finally 
went to sleep after masturbating while fantasizing that I was dressed 
beautifully in women's clothing and being screwed by my new friend Raymond 
Dumont.  

     The next day I went on a shopping spree for women's clothing.  I 
rushed back to my hotel room and hurriedly removed all my delectable items 
of women's clothing from their packages.  I then stripped off my male 
clothing and proceeded to the immense joy of dressing.  I first put on my 
black size 42B foundation, full bra.  I instantly had an erection as I 
adjusted the bra.  I placed the supple silicon bra pads into my bra.  Then 
I put on my matching black waist cincher with garters.  Then I sat, my 
throbbing erection jutting out, and donned my sheer nylon stockings.  Oh, 
the stockings felt so good clinging to my legs.  I carefully attached the 
garter clips to the stockings.  Then I stood and admired myself in the 
mirror.  I took my erection and placed it flat up against my tummy under my 
waist cincher.  Then I grabbed my beautiful black full panty briefs with 
lace around the waist band and the thigh openings--the type of lacy garment 
that says "I want to be screwed so very much!"  I placed my stockinged feet 
through the panties and brought the delightful garment up my nylon-clad 
legs until my buttocks and groin were encased in lace and frills.

     Next came my black full slip, also with much lace and frills.  Over my 
head came the slip until it was sexily clinging to my now-feminine body.  
Then I sat before the vanity and carefully applied makeup to my face: 
rouge, eye liner, and ruby red lipstick to my pouting lips.  I then placed 
my pretty pearl choker about my neck and the matching pearl bracelet on my 
right wrist.  I was really taking on the appearance of a sexy wench.  Then 
I enhanced my feminine image by putting on my pleated wool skirt and 
coordinated sweater.  I loved this skirt and sweater combination, because 
it reminded me of a skirt and sweater I had worn when I was a young "woman" 
of only 21 years.  I recalled the intense orgasms I had those many years 
ago, while dressed as a young woman.  Those memories caused me to squirm my 
feminized bum on the chair.

     I took my pretty red pumps out of their box and sat down in the chair 
to put them on.  Once on, I almost swooned at the sight of my feet in such 
sexy hi heel shoes.  I then snapped into place on my left ankle the gold 
anklet chain I had purchased.  Then out of the wig box came my blonde, page 
boy wig.  I carefully placed it on my head and combed it out.  I now saw a 
totally sexy woman looking back at me from the mirror.  The image I saw was 
me dressed in women's clothing and wearing women's makeup and a sexy 
woman's page boy wig.

     My penis was really throbbing hard by this time.  I felt my balls 
through the silk of my slip and silken panties.  I felt up my legs to my 
nylon-clad thighs and buttocks and I said out loud,  "Oh, I'm so pretty, 
and I'm so horny.  I wish Raymond were here with me."

     From behind the curtains I heard a voice,  "Darling, I am here."  I 
was shocked.  Raymond came out from behind the curtain.  He was naked and 
had an immense erection.  My eyes were fixed upon his large, handsome 
penis.  I was mortified and shocked, yet also thrilled.  Emotional waves 
swept throughout my body, culminating in sexual feelings in my groin and 
effeminate penis.  My voice trembled as I said,  "Oh Raymond.  I'm so 
embarrassed."  He replied,  "I KNEW you were a TV, baby."  I tried to run 
to the bathroom to lock myself in.  It was no use.  Raymond grabbed me as I 
attempted to flee, and he was much stronger than me.  He placed his arms 
about my waist and pressed his groin against my slip and panty encased 
buttocks.  I could feel his hot, rigid erection against my bum.  Still more 
intense emotional waves once again swept throughout my body, once again 
culminating as intense sexual feelings in my groin and effeminate penis.  I 
thought I was going to have a spontaneous orgasm.  The feeling of his 
powerful erection pressing against my panty-clad bum was overwhelming!  I 
trembled and said,  

     "Oh, Raymond.  You really shouldn't be here.  This is suppose to be my 
secret."  His right hand reached under my slip and rested against my right 
knee.  He began to kiss the back of my neck as his hand felt up my leg and 
up my inner thigh.  I was trembling and he whispered in my ear, "Relax, 
honey.  You are now in the arms of your man--your lover!"  He found my 
throbbing hard penis and placed his hand on it, saying, "This proves you 
want to share your little secret with me, darling."  I almost swooned in 
his arms as I felt his masterful hand grasping my panty-clad penis.

     With this, he forced me to the bed and pulled down the covers.  I laid 
on my back and Raymond mounted me.  He French kissed me.  I really became 
excited as I felt his tongue darting into my mouth.  He pressed his groin 
hard against my groin as he looked intensely into my eyes.  He said, "you 
are my woman and I am your man.  I'm going to fuck you, darling."  I could 
feel his immense erection through the material of my slip and panties.  I 
put my arms about him and looked directly in his eyes saying,  "Oh, 
Raymond.  I feel so feminine.  I want to be your feminine lover."  He then 
laid beside me and ran his hands up and down my stockinged legs, and around 
my pantied assheeks and thighs.  He also fondled my padded bra cups.  As he 
fondled me he said, "Oh, babe, wow!  The feel of all your silk and lace, 
and of your silken panties and padded bra, really turns me on!"  He kissed 
me some more and then whispered in my ear,  "Oh, William darling.  You are 
such a sissy and a queer to be lying here with another man, while you are 
dressed in women's underwear, and with your hard penis encased by women's 
sexy panties." 

     I said, "Oh, Raymond.  I love wearing women's clothing.  I love it 
even more being in your arms while I am wearing women's clothing.  I can't 
begin to express how wonderful I feel wearing stockings, bra and panties, 
and feeling your hands fondle my thighs, buttocks and shemale clitoris.  I 
want so to be your pretend woman."  He then made me get on my knees and 
bend over.  He placed a couple of pillows under my tummy to prop me up.  He  
removed my skirt and raised my slip and pulled my panties down until they 
were dangling over my right ankle.  He said, "I want you to leave your 
sweater on.  It makes you look so sexy and excites me so!"  I cried and 
said,  "What are you doing?"  He said, "I'm going to give you exactly what 
you want, you sissy, queer bitch."  Then, he took some of my vanishing 
cream and applied it to my anus and to his manly penis.  Desire overcame 
me, and out came the unbridled truth,  "Oh, Raymond darling...I do want you 
so to screw me.  Take me, my dearest lover!"  He lustfully replied,  
"that's more like it, my sweet pussy."  With this I could feel his cockhead 
pressing against my anus.  He commanded, with much lust in his voice,  
"Relax, my darling slut, and my cock will enter you much easier."  I 
relaxed and could feel his rigid penis slowly fill my anus, until he was 
fully inside me.  

     He was now still, but the filling presence of his rigid cock in my 
anus was the center of my thought and being.  The sexual feelings I now 
felt in my groin and effeminate penis radiated to my anus and buttocks.  I 
felt again like I was going to spontaneously ejaculate.  I began to 
involuntarily squirm a bit, which caused my rock-hard penis to become free 
of my waist cincher.  I whimpered, "Oh darling, screw me and jack me off."  
My masterful male lover began a heavenly slow in-and-out thrusting of his 
rigid penis inside my sissy anus.  He reached around my thigh and grabbed 
my very rigid dick.  he began to slowly stroke me.  I whimpered, "Oh 
darling.  Do me, do me.  But, don't stroke my dickette too fast or I'll 
come too quickly in your masterful hand."  He began to screw me a bit 
faster, and lustfully said,  "Oh fuck, fuck, Wendi...you slut.  Your 
fucking queer pussy is so tight and feels so fucking good.  I love to fuck 
a queer dressed in women's clothing!"  The words shot through me like a 

bullet.  Yes, I was a queer in women's clothing.  Raymond's rigid cock 
thrusting deep inside my anus, coupled with his stroking of my equally 
rigid sissy dickette proved my queerness beyond and question.  I whimpered,  
"Oh, darling!  Yes, I'm queer.  I'm your pretend lady.  And, I love and 
need your steely rigid cock, my masterful lover!"  My reply excited Raymond 
so, that he became an animal sex machine and began to rapidly fuck me. The 
repeated sound of his groin slapping against my ass, and his balls slapping 
against my balls, in combination with the squeaking bed springs drove me 
into a frenzy.  I though my dickette was about to explode in his pumping 
hand.  The sound of the squeaking springs grew more rapid and louder.  
Then, I could feel his cock grow even larger inside my anus, and he began 
to give me those tell-tale short strokes.  His balls slamed repeatedly 
against my balls as he powerfully thrust his pelvis against my sissy 
buttocks.  I began to moan in a high-pitched, very sissy voice, and I cried 
out, "Oh, Darling!  Oh! Oh! Darling.  Oh, Ramond!  eeeeeeiiiiiii, I'm 
coming, darling.  Give me your manly cock hard and fast as I shoot off in 
your hand!"  He cried out,  "Take it, babe!  Oh, fuck!  Fuck!  Take my 
FUCKING cum, you queer and sexy womanly bastard!  Fuck! Fuck!  You fucking 
slut!  I want you to be my shemale wife, you slutty bitch-bastard!"  My 
groin was flooded with "that" feeling.  I shot my sissy load through his 
pumping hand onto the bedsheets as I felt him powerfully ejaculate deep 
inside my sissy anus.  As he unloaded his manly seed into my anus he 
grunted and moaned and repeatedly slapped my asscheeks with his free hand, 
the slaps being in unison with the shots of semen from his pulsating 
mantool deep inside my shemale vagina.
