(c) Copyright 1997 Donnie.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.







Hi, This is Donnie.  

Here is chapter two of The House of the Incestuous
Nymphs...


                                Chapter Two

The twins were the last two to sit down at the table.  Lauri was
sitting to the right of Nicole and Stephanie to the right of
Lauri.  Across the table sat their little ten year old sister
Susie, and their brother Jeff a twelve year old and their
nineteen year old brother Mike.  At each end of the table sat
their parents.  As they ate Nicole dropped her right hand to
Lauri's leg and ran it up underneath her skirt and moved it up
almost to her crotch then she removed it and continued to eat. 
Lauri turned red.  She looked at Nicole and could see her trying
to hold back a smirk.  Then she dropped her left hand under the
table and moved it between Nicole's thighs and slipped a finger
in Nicole's shorts and tapped against the crotch of her panties. 
Nicole just about died.  Then she dropped her hand again and put
it right under Lauri's skirt and pulled her skirt up to her waist
exposing her bare pussy.  Then she slipped her finger into
Lauri's panties and dipped into her slit to feel her wetness.

"Mmmmm," Lauri moaned, then realizing her error, she continued,
"this is really good casserole mom."  Then squeezing her thighs
together trapping Nicole's hand there.

"Thank you sweetie,"  her mother replied.

Then as Lauri's fingers moved under Nicole's panties and stroked
her clit she too moaned and commented on how delicious the
casserole was.  Her mother thanked her as well.  The two young
nymphs continued to skilfully finger each other's wet snatches
undetected by any of the other family members.  Except Stephanie
as she happen to glance down to see her twin sisters skirt hiked
up to her waist and Nicole's hand between her legs with her
fingers playing with her pussy.  The sight thrilled Stephanie. 
She and Lauri have seen each other naked many times before but
never until now was she so turned on by her sister's slender legs
not to mention that she was being fingered by their older sister.

She became so turned on by watching them that she dropped her
hand to the front of her loose fitting jeans and stroked the
thick stitching against her clit.  She rubbed it very fast which
made her cum.  She closed her eyes for a moment as she came.  She
was amazed how quickly she had cum.  Then as she sat there with
her hand still at her crotch she felt Lauri's leg rub against
hers.  She looked down and saw Nicole's hand moving very quickly
between her legs.  Lauri looked right in Stephanie's eyes and
smiled then her eyes rolled back in their socket and she came. 
Stephanie knew she was cumming. She seemed to be so in touch with
her sister's expressions almost as if they were her own.  Then
Nicole clamped her thighs around Lauri's hand and she too had a
mild orgasm sitting there at the dinner table.  By then everyone
including the three young nymphs were done eating.  Their father
excused himself and got up and left the table.  Mike and Jeff
left next.  Jeff was followed by his little sister Susie.  Then
their mother got up and reminded Lauri and Stephanie that it was
their turn to do the dishes.  Nicole turned to Lauri and winked
and smiled at her young female lover as a thanks for making her
cum.  Then she left the table and went to the rec room to watch
television.  Lauri and Stephanie began to clear the table.  They
went into the kitchen and Lauri started the water for the dishes.

"I'll wash you dry."  She suggested to her twin sister.

"Okay."  Stephanie replied.

As the girls stood washing and drying the dishes, Lauri caught
Stephanie staring off into space.  She flicked water at her
sister to snap her out of her daze.

"Hey!"  Stephanie complained.

"Thinking about Paul again?"  Lauri asked.

"Well, no actually I was thinking about you."  She responded.

"Me?"  Lauri questioned.

"Yeah, well I was kinda thinking about what you and Nicole were
doing."  Stephanie explained.

"Oh that."  Lauri said as she went back to washing the dishes.

"Yeah, when I mean how, err, what was she doing with her hand
there anyway?"  Stephanie whispered to her naughty sister.

"Well I was in the bathroom after school before you got home
watching her taker her shower and she was feeling herself up in
there.  I got kinda horny watching her and I started playing with
my pussy.  Then I think she came and so did I.  Then after she
came in our room and she started showing off her body like in the
mirror to herself and she asked if I thought she had nice boobs
and then we started touching each other's then we touched each
other's pussies and we made each other cum but we weren't
finished really when you got home so we did it again at the
table."  Lauri explained.

Stephanie stood there hanging on every word Lauri spoke then the
only thing she could utter was, "Wow."

"She made me feel real good Steph."  She commented, "I never
thought that doing it with a girl would feel so good let alone
our sister but I tell you, she is really good at making a girl
feel good.  Maybe she does it with Kimber a lot."

"Yeah I think I heard them once in the rec room when I came home.

But when I got down to the rec room they were sitting up watching
T.V."  Stephanie reported.

"Wow, I would like to see her do it with Kimber.  She is really
pretty and I bed she has a nice body to play with too."  Lauri
said quietly, not wanting to be overheard by her mother who
walked into the kitchen.

"Come girls, less chatting."  Their mother insisted, "get these
dishes done."

"Yep, we're almost done mom."  Lauri replied as she hurried to
get the last of the pots washed up.

"Do you think she heard what we were talking about?"  Stephanie
asked.

"Nah, I doubt it."  Lauri assured as she pulled the plug to the
sink.

As she started to leave the kitchen Stephanie snapped the towel
across her ass.

"Oww, ya bitch!"  Lauri shouted.

"Don't leave yet I want to talk."  Stephanie giggled.

"Well hurry up then and we'll talk in our room."  Lauri
suggested, rubbing the welt on her ass.

Lauri left the kitchen and went up to their room.  Stephanie
finished up the last of the dishes and ran up to the room in hope
to finish their conversation.  Lauri was sitting on her bed
reading her book again.  As she sat there with her knees bent and
her legs parted slightly her bare pussy was exposed to
Stephanie's view.  Stephanie giggled as she closed the door
staring into to crotch of her twin sister.  She walked over and
sat in front of Lauri still occasionally looking down into her
exposed crotch.  She wanted to touch it.  She was fixated by the
sight of her sister's bare pussy.  Many times before she has seen
her sister's bare cunt but never with lust filled thoughts. 
Lauri looked up momentarily to see her sister staring at her
crotch.  Then she quickly looked back at her book pretending she
didn't notice her horny twin sister who seemed transfixed by the
sight of her bare pussy.  Lauri wanted to tease her sister and
she parted her legs more and her skirt lifted up over her knees. 
Now Stephanie got a really good look at Lauri's pussy.  Lauri put
her book down and sunk deep in her pillow, sliding down on the
bed closer to Stephanie.  Her skirt was now moved up all the way
to her waist.  Her legs moved apart and her eyes closed.  She
rubbed her stomach and her thighs trying to entice her sister
into wanting her as Nicole had.  Stephanie's breathing started to
become heavy.  She could feel her own pussy start to twitch as
she watch her twin sister rub her hands all over her body.  Then
Lauri's hand went to her crotch and cupped her young cunt.  Then
she sat up on the bed in front of Stephanie.

"Go lock the door Steph."  Lauri suggested.

"I already did."  She replied.

"Good thinking."  Lauri commented as she kissed her twin on the
lips.

"Mmm, that felt good.  Do it again."  Stephanie requested as she
leaned towards her sister with her lips pursed.

Lauri leaned into her sister and kissed her deeply on the lips
then they opened their mouths and kissed more passionately. 
Lauri inserted her tongue into Stephanie's mouth  Stephanie
moaned in response to the sweet kiss her sister gave her with her
tongue.  Lauri then laid back and pulled Stephanie on top of her.

As Stephanie lay against her sister Lauri brought her legs around
Stephanie's back pulling her close against her exposed crotch. 
They kissed more passionately.  Stephanie now probing Lauri's
mouth with her tongue.  Stephanie instinctively began to hump
against her twin.

"Stephie, take off your jeans and panties okay?"  Lauri
requested.

"Mmmm, okay."  Stephanie agreed as she rolled off her sister and
undid her jeans.  Then she slid her jeans and panties down her
slender legs and pulled them off her feet.  Then she threw them
on the floor and started to roll back on top of her sister.

"Wait, let's get totally naked okay?"  Lauri suggested as she
began to unbutton her skirt.

"Okay."  Stephanie said excitedly, "this is going to be fun." 
Then she sat back and pulled off her shirt and bra and threw them
on the floor and pulled off her socks.

Lauri pulled off her skirt and sweater then lay back down on the
bed and opened her legs and arms, "Come here Stephie."

Stephanie smiled then resumed her position on top of her fourteen
year old twin, "This is so cool Lauri."

The two girls found each other's lips again and began to kiss
passionately.  Stephanie began to feel warm against her sister. 
She humped her exposed cunt against that of her sister.  Their
clits found each other and as they met their bodies spasmed. 
Then the two girls continued to grind against each other  with
their love buttons bumped against each other.  Their small B cup
tits mashed against each other.  Their nipples becoming erect
poked into the flesh of the other.  Lauri's legs and arms wrapped
around her sister's body pulling her closer as she felt her
orgasm taking over her body.

"Ouu Stephie, I'm gonna cum baby."  Lauri moaned as she grabbed
her sister's sexy ass and pulled her cheeks apart.

"Mmmmm yeah Lauri, I am too.  Ouuu shit this feels good." 
Stephanie commented, "I don't know why we have never done this
before.

"Yeah really, shit, I'm cumming!!!!"  Lauri bumped up against her
sister one last time before she started to cum.

"Mmm me too Lauri, ahhhhh me too."  Stephanie replied as her body
stiffened and her orgasm overtook her.

The two young nymphs came together as their tits mashed and their
clits smashed against each other.  Then as their orgasms started
to simmer, they lay very still.  Stephanie was still on top of
Lauri and they still kissed each other with little pecking
kisses.

"Mmmmmm that felt soooo good Lauri."  Stephanie commented as she
stroked the sweaty matted hair away from her sister's forehead.

"Ouuuu yeah.  Stephanie, that felt even better than with Nicole,"

Lauri complimented, "That must be how girls fuck."

"He he he,"  Stephanie giggled, "yeah cool, it was fun fucking
you Lauri."

"Mmm yeah you're a good fuck Stephanie."  Lauri stated giggling
with her sister.

"Thanks."  Stephanie replied kissing her sister again on the
lips.

"Mmm you're very welcome."  Lauri said returning her sister's
kiss.

Just then there came a knock on the door.  The two girls froze.

"Can I come in?"  Nicole asked.


The two girls smiled at each other and Stephanie got up off of
her sexy sister.  She went and slowly opened the door making sure
no one was with her and let her in.


                        Continued in Chapter Three

                Nicole teaches the young twins clit licking.

                                     &

		Jeff and his little sister Susie experiment.




For comments or information on upcoming chapters
Email me at donnie437@atlanta.email.net















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....



