     Kenny had just finished mowing his front yard.  He smiled, thinking
that the next time the lawn needed mowing, he'd be away at college,
starting his junior year.  As he started pushing the mower into the garage,
he heard the snorting and wheezing sound of a dying engine.  Looking
around, he spotted a rather beat-up old Datsun, just managing to coast up
to the nearby curb and grind to a halt.  He could see that the lone
occupant appeared to be an attractive young woman, looking a few years
younger than his 19 years.  She attempted to restart the car several times,
and then, stepping out, cursed as she slammed the door.
     Seeing her standing there, Kenny was definitely interested.  He was
looking at a rather short, well-built young woman, probably about 16 or 17
years old.  She obviously had very well-proportioned breasts, a small
waist, wide hips, and perfectly rounded buttocks; and her legs gave the
impression that she was an athlete.  She was dressed in a man's dress
shirt, with only one button fastened and the shirt tails tied in front and
a pair of very short shorts.  The shirt, worn the way it was, exposed a
nice amount of her firm stomach, to an inch or two below her deep, dark
navel.  The sight of her body and well-tanned flesh was more than enough to
inspire a few lewd thoughts in Kenny's mind.
     She smiled as she approached Kenny and introduced herself as Debbie.
She asked Kenny if she could use his phone to call home, explaining that
this had happened to the car before, and she needed something her Dad had
bought to fix it.
     Kenny looked down at the beautiful young woman and nodded, almost
unaware of his physical reaction until he saw her eyes dart down to his
old, cut-off jeans.  Looking down, he gulped and turned away in
embarrassment when he realized she could easily view a long, thick bulge
running along the inside of his inner thigh.  "Shit," he thought, "what	a
time to get a boner."
     He directed Debbie towards the front door, explaining that he was
alone, but she could make the call.  As they passed though the front door,
Kenny didn't close it, figuring she would be leaving in a second, and
guided her down the hall to the nearest phone.  Debbie called, and spoke to
someone, telling them the situation, and what she needed.
     After hanging up, Kenny offered Debbie a drink, and trying to act
sophisticated, offered her something from the bar.  The young woman
accepted, and they sat on the large couch, drinking their beers and talking
about music, when again Kenny noticed her blushing, and looking down, was
shocked to see that his arousal had now increased to the point where the
cuff of his torn shorts was lifting up off his inner thigh, and the tip of
his hot and rock-hard cock was slipping out of the shorts into plain sight.
Seeing this, Kenny jumped to his feet, but this only caused the cuff to
pull higher, and he grabbed the leg of his shorts and pulled them lower, to
cover his erection.
     When he turned back to Debbie, he was relieved to see her standing
there laughing at his predicament.  She shushed him up as he tried to
apologize, and looking down at the bulge in the front of his shorts said,
"Kenny,	seeing that was	really something.  You have nothing to be bashful
about!  It's not like I've never seen one before!"
     Kenny took this as an invitation, and hoping he wasn't wrong, closed
the few inches between them, and gently took the lovely girl in his arms,
pulling her softly against him, groaning under his breath as he felt her
soft, warm body against his.
     He was happy and relieved that he was right when he felt her lean
forward against him, accepting his overture at physical affection.  When
she raised her face, he bent down, and softly kissed her warm red lips, and
within moments he felt those lips firm up, part, and eagerly accept his
tongue, deep into her hot, wet mouth, searching and finding her tantalizing
tongue tip.
     His arms surrounded her slight body, and his hands reached up to cup
her full, well-rounded buttocks.  He was almost able to lift her off her
feet without effort, feeling the warm flesh of her ass separate as he did
so.
     Her arms moved up around Kenny's neck and she murmured, "Kenny, Kenny.
This is so nice.  What can you think of me, but I am really ready, right
now."
     He was pleasantly surprised at this display of passion, and reached
between them with both hands, and unknotted her shirt.  Open, it revealed
that she was not wearing a bra in spite of the fact that she was so well
developed.  Reaching up, Kenny shoved her shirt off her shoulders, and it
slipped down her hanging arms, and dropped to the floor.  She was now nude
to the waist, revealing her full, taut breasts, and hard, dark nipples to
Kenny's hungry eyes.
     Again wrapping his arms around her body, he began backing her down the
hall, directing her through the door and into his bedroom.  He had thought
it would be better on his parents' king size bed, but decided against it,
thinking what his mother might think in a day or so when she tried to
figure when she and his father had left those "pecker-tracks" on the
sheets.  Then Kenny realized that he really wanted Debbie in his room, so
that, later, he could lay in his bed, day dreaming as he often did, and he
would be able to fantasize about her while masturbating.
     Slowly, she permitted him to back her up until she felt the edge of
his bed against the back of her legs.  Kenny reached down for her shorts,
grasped her zipper, and slowly slid it down, leaning back and watching her
naked, flat belly being exposed.  He shuddered with delight as he realized
that this lovely girl was not wearing ANY underwear.  He looked down to see
her sparse patch of pubic hair, so light and sparse that he wondered if she
shaved her pubic area.
     Debbie reached down and shoved her thumbs in the waist band of her
shorts and pushed them down, off her soft, full hips, down her muscled
thighs, until they fell with a whisper to the floor.  He felt her move her
legs as she stepped from them, now totally naked.
     Even though Kenny had been watching every move she made, he simply
could not believe this.  The sexiest woman he had ever met was stripping
for him.  "She is gonna	let me fuck her!"  He gasped as he watched her kick
her shorts from her feet, across the room.
     Debbie grasped his lean, hard hips for support, and gradually bent her
legs, and began to slip down, down until he heard her knees hit the soft,
carpeted floor.  When Kenny looked down he groaned when he realized that
she, on her own, had decided what she wanted, and was going to DO IT.
     He felt her lovely face pressing into his sweat-soaked shorts as she
opened her mouth wide, finding the hard, firm object of her desire,
surrounding almost half of it with her lips, and exhaling until the heat of
her breath almost burned through the fabric.  She inhaled the hot, sexy
odor of his masculinity through his clothing and immediately reached up for
the old tattered button holes at the fly.  Her fingers tore them open,
yanking the worn fabric from his strong, slender hips, from around his lean
hard buttocks, and onto the floor.  Kenny felt the coolness of the air on
his crotch.  At the same time, his prick surged upward, straight into the
air.  He raised one foot after the other, freeing his feet from the shorts,
and now both of them were naked.
     Her fingers climbed up over her head as she reached up to his muscular
chest, searching and finding the soft hair.  Finding his nipples with her
fingertips, she gently tweaked them.
     At the same time, she pursed her soft lips and pressing them against
the underside of his shaft, sucked in a portion of the foreskin, and moving
her head, slowly withdrew it off that huge, prick until it looked like a
huge spear; her nose pressing against the tip as she inhaled the fragrance
of his musk.
     Raising up slightly, Debbie looked closely into the large open tip,
pleased to see the gleam of a large drop of his pre-cum beginning to ooze
from it, and with her fingertip, she spread it around the whole tip.  That
brought a groan from Kenny as he felt her touch his now super-sensitive
cock head and he looked down at the top of her beautiful head, watching her
mouth playing with him.
     Debbie grasped that rod in her small, warm hand and gently squeezed
it.  Swirling her tongue around her lips to moisten them, pressed them
firmly onto that hole.  She then covered her pretty teeth with the soft
flesh of her lips, and very slowly and lovingly she leaned forward pressing
that shaft deep into her warm, wet mouth, bringing a loud gasp from Kenny.
From that very first contact, Kenny lost control of his reflexes, feeling
his hips tense momentarily, and then they jerked forward as he
involuntarily tried to plunge his more-than-ready prick deep into her
sucking mouth.
     Once he was firmly embedded between her strong lips, her hands reached
around behind to his buttocks and her fingers spread into that deep
crevice, each hand surrounding a separate globe, and as she felt the
rounded muscles of his ass tense, tighten, and then flatten she knew what
to expect.  Sure enough, she gurgled and almost gagged momentarily when she
felt that still growing shaft surge deep into her mouth, past the base of
her tongue and bang against the back of her throat.
     Just as quickly, she snapped her head back, and felt Kenny arch his
back as he sought to withdraw that prick from her throat.  There was only a
brief moment of hesitation and they reversed themselves again, as Debbie
nodded her head forward at the same time Kenny pumped his hips, driving
that shaft deep into her throat.  The tip of his prick rubbed along the
full length of her tongue.  Debbie felt his cock move out, stopping only
when her lips were surrounding the base of the tip.
     Kenny looked down and saw his scrotum swing back and forth as he
slowly fucked that wonderful mouth in that wonderful face.  He felt the
sack banging against her lovely chin, and that increased his intense
feelings.
     With the finger of one hand, Debbie rubbed some of the wetness from
between her wet pussy lips.  She worked her moistened index finger down
into the deep curve of his ass, until she felt the taunt flesh change, and
she felt his anus.  As he continued to fuck her mouth, her finger played,
prodded, and teased that tiny opening.  She felt it tense and then clamp
closed.  But as her lips brought erotic pleasure to his cock she could feel
his muscles quiver and then finally relax, and just the tiniest tip of her
finger worked into the opening.
     Kenny gasped, and for a few moments shook his hips as if to free
himself from this strange invasion.  And moments later, Debbie smiled
inwardly when she felt Kenny surrendering to her. In fact, she felt him
arch his hips slightly leaning forward in an effort to relax his ass
cheeks, and to permit them to spread apart even further to enable her to
fingerfuck his ass as well as suck on his cock.
     Then with a disappointed groan, Kenny felt his lover lean back as she
quickly rose to kiss him.  He felt the urgency of her hands as she applied
pressure against him, backing him towards his bed.  He permitted himself to
be pressed down with just the touch of her fingertips.  She reached between
his thighs and spread apart his legs, and, sitting on the edge of his bed,
she again leaned down and began sucking on that delicious shaft until it
regained all of its hardness.
     She reached for his scrotum, cupping it in her soft, warm hands,
playing with his balls as she sucked until she again felt him reestablish
his rhythm of fucking her eager mouth, and again, she reached down and
found that back hole.  Which caused a slight grimace on Kenny's face as he
felt himself being impaled, and his hips began to react, driving his prick
harder, further and faster into her sucking mouth.
     Then Debbie stopped and quickly pressed Kenny's legs tightly together.
Placing her knees on either side of his hips, the sexy young woman
immediately straddled her lover, facing him.  While sitting on his upper
thighs, he could see how tightly stretched apart her thighs were, to the
point where the flesh on each side of her labia had pulled them far apart,
and nestled deep in that slick channel Kenny could see enlarged and
reddened clitoris.  It almost looked like a tiny penis.
     Debbie leaned forward, bracing one hand against Kenny's hairy chest,
while the other hand grasped his hard cock, raising it straight in the air
as she lifted up to align that hard instrument with the entrance to her
love channel.
     Kenny panted hopelessly for a brief moment as he felt the slick tip of
his cock rubbing in that slit, rubbing through her wetness, brushing
against that hardened clit, finding that opening to her vagina, and then
loosing it several times until she felt she was both in the right position,
and had sufficient lubrication.
     Her eyes signaled him that they were ready, and he froze momentarily.
Then he felt her leg muscles slowly relax, and he smiled with delight as he
felt her body slowly and carefully descending, lower, lower.  The lips of
her labia were stretched wide, yet he felt barely the head of his cock in
her.  Her vagina was already steaming with her wetness, as he felt the
strong outer muscles of it surrounding, sucking the head of his cock, as it
nibbled like a fish, trying to devour that part of his body as she caused
those muscles to suck him deeper into her.
     Kenny looked up at her beautiful face, amazed at her expression as she
concentrated on working him deeper, further, feeling the thick ridges,
bumps, curves of that cock as it massaged every inch of her hot, wet flesh
as it slid in, inch after inch.  Her lips were peeled back from her
clenched teeth, her eyes clamped close as she concentrated on the feelings
coursing through her body.
     She moved slowly up and down, causing more and more of the combination
of their bodily fluids to mingle and coat her vaginal lining.
     "You're so	fuckin'	tight..." Kenny groaned.
     She was so glad that Kenny picked up the pace, and as she allowed
herself to drop down on his prick, he would snap his hips upward, causing
her to grunt when she felt his cockhead shove deep into her.  With one hand
she grasped the soft flesh of her lower belly, and could feel the length
and firmness of that penis as it was now really working, harder and faster.
He thrust, pummeled, pushed, twisted and turned to every bit of his ability
as he cried with pleasure as the soft, wet lining of her pussy gripped
every inch of his cock, feeling like he was attached to a mechanical
milking machine.  He knew that if this kept up, he would have absolutely NO
control over his orgasm, that it was soon coming.  He wanted it to last for
hours, even days.
     Kenny's head was now twisting left and right on his pillow, his eyes
tightly closed as he felt his impending orgasm.  Then there was a faint
sound, and only with a great deal of concentration, was Kenny able to open
his eyes and focus them where the sound had come from.
     WHAT A SHOCK!
     In mid-stroke, as he drove his hips upward, sinking his cock full-
length into his lover, bringing a soft whimper from Debbie's wet lips,
Kenny realized that THEY WERE NOT ALONE.....
     "Keeerriiisstt...." he gasped as he made out the figure of someone
standing half hidden by the partially open bedroom door.
     Raising his head and shaking it, Kenny quickly saw that it was a young
girl standing there.  Younger, smaller than Debbie, yet easily noting the
family resemblance.  She was several inches shorter, somewhat lighter in
weight, certainly not as well developed, but nevertheless a very pretty
young girl, probably 12 or 13, no more than 14.  She was wearing a narrow
tube top and shorts that revealed the shape of her very pretty breasts, her
bare, slender stomach, and yet full, jean-clad hips and long slender legs.
     How long she had been standing there, Kenny had no idea, but there
were several things he noticed.  One arm was across her chest and she was
moving her upper arm so that as it flattened one well-rounded breast.  It
was rubbing firmly against the nipple.
     The girl had not yet looked at Kenny's face.  Her eyes were focused on
their loins, watching his cock surging in and out of Debbie.  Kenny noticed
that she had now gently cupped her other hand softly around the curve of
her pubic area, and was definitely massaging it, using her fingers to press
into the sexy region.
     Quickly, Kenny moved his hand so that Debbie could see it and pointed
toward the door.  Debbie was momentarily scared, then surprised, and then,
as Kenny had done, observed the actions of the young girl.  Immediately,
Debbie almost completely stopped her movement, just barely moving up and
down, yet Kenny could feel her squeezing and contracting her inner muscles
as she continued to "milk" him.
     "Tracy, what the hell are you doin' up here?  Why aren't you in the
car?" gasped Debbie, out of breath.
     Very timidly, Tracy, still keeping her eyes focused on their coupled
hips, said, "I waited for a few	minutes, but the door was open and I didn't
want to wait out in the hot sun.  I heard somebody up here."
     Scared as he had been, already Kenny was recovering from his fright,
and even now, Debbie smiled to herself as she again felt his hips tense and
he began to surge back up at her.
     "Well Tracy, you gotta promise me that you	won't say anything to the
folks about his.  I'll do anything to keep your mouth shut, sis.  OK?"
     Tracy continued standing there, and in fact moved a few inches to one
side to better watch how Kenny's cock was again pumping in and out.
     "Sure, sis.  OK, I	won't say anything." said Tracy, still watching
every move.
     Debbie found it impossible to concentrate on both Kenny and her
sister, so angrily, she sputtered, "Hell kid, why don't	you go back down
stairs and I'll be down in a sec."
     Not wanting Debbie to rush anything, and be "down in a sec," his mind
raced to think of something to keep Debbie right where she was - wrapped
around is cock.
     Kenny, still noticing how Tracy was still playing with herself,
blurted out, "Heck no, Tracy, you don't	have to	leave.	Instead, why don't
you just come over here and sit in this chair.  I don't mind." and with
that he waved at a chair by the bed a few inches from his head.
     After hearing Debbie mutter "Ohhh shit," Tracy slowly walked into the
room and slipped softly into the chair, both her hands buried deeply in her
crotch.  After a few seconds, Kenny watched her separate her legs, and
watched her fingers flickering up and down the stiff material of her jeans.
     Kenny flicked his finger to Debbie, and as the older sister leaned
down he raised his head and whispered to her, "What better way to guarantee
she won't tell anyone?"	 For a second, Debbie frowned, "She's my little
sister!  She's only 12!"
     "I'll be 13 in 2 weeks, Deb!"
     "Okay, okay.  She's almost	13."  A moment later grinned and said,
"Hey, Tracy, I guess watching this is a	lot of fun, huh?" as she again
began to fuck harder and faster, regaining the rhythm they had before they
had seen Tracy.
     Shyly, Tracy raised her eyes from their loins and watched her sister's
whole body now jumping up and down, her large, full breasts jiggling, her
nipples still hard.
     "Yeah, it is exciting.  Is	it good	for you	Debbie?	 Is he nice?  What
does it feel like?" and	that opened the	door as	the younger girl began a
flood of questions.
     "Tracy, slow up," laughed Kenny.  "Tell you what.	It's easier to
explain to you if you would just take off all those clothes, and you can
feel more how we feel.  Honestly, go ahead and slip off your clothes."
     "I	don't know," stuttered the young girl.  Then on impulse, "Okay,	but
not ALL of them."  Standing momentarily, Tracy pulled off her tube top,
unfastened her belt, zipper and pushed off her jeans.  Tracy was wearing an
abbreviated pair of panties with a cute little Teddy Bear printed low on
the crotch.  Kenny smiled and commented, "lucky	Teddy".
     "There, that was easy, wasn't it Tracy?  Now come sit here	next to
Debbie so she can show you and explain to you how this feels,"	groaned
Kenny as he watched the young girl move onto the bed, sitting on the edge,
her legs separating so that Kenny could see that the material in the crotch
of her tiny panties was insufficient to cover what he saw was a set of well
developed, almost hairless labia.
     The two older participants continued screwing, maintaining their same
level of excitement.  To steady herself in her upright position, Debbie
reached out and placed her arms around her sister's shoulders, her hands
drooping down in the vicinity of the younger girl's full and only slightly
smaller breasts.
     A moment later, Kenny heard a soft cry, and when he opened his eyes he
grinned when he saw that one of Debbie's hands had now completely covered
her sister's breast, and her fingers had tweaked her nipple until it was as
hard as her own.  At the same time, Debbie had taken Tracy's head and
guided it around until Tracy had turned completely around and the older
girl had gently pressed her mouth against the mouth of her sister, giving
her a slow, gentle, yet somewhat bold kiss.  What had brought the sigh from
Tracy was then she felt her lips being forced open by Debbie's tongue,
which quickly entered Tracy's mouth and began to lick and swirl the two
tongues together.
     Kenny watched how Tracy's chest swelled, her breathing increasing as
her girlish passions intensifying, and he took this opportunity to slip his
free hand over between Tracy's slender inner thighs and softly touched his
fingertips to the already damp material of her panties.
     Immediately, she grabbed his hand and pushed it away.  Kenny waited a
moment and again moved closer.  Again he was repulsed, but he watched
Debbie who was in turn watching him.  After seeing Kenny repulsed, Debbie
wrapped both her arms around her sister, and her hands completely covered
her breasts,
     Kenny took advantage of the distraction and quickly slipped his
fingertips up between the girl's panties and her hot flesh.  Before she
could respond, his fingers spread apart, and his long index finger slipped
inside, finding her hot opening.  He began sliding it back and forth, up
and down along the length of that slit, closer and closer to where he knew
her clit was.  Her body tensed for a moment, and then in a total surrender,
she relaxed, and Kenny winked at Debbie, and moved his finger up higher,
stopping when he found the hardening flesh of her clit.  Then, like a
piston, he taunted it with the tip of his finger, each movement bringing a
sharp shriek from her covered lips.  There were no longer any efforts to
stop him.  In fact, Tracy grasped his wrist and pulled it closer to her
pussy.  Her other hand grasped her sister's forearm and forced Debbie to
crush her palm against Tracy's now firm, aroused breasts.
     Gently removing her mouth from Tracy's, Debbie whispered in her
sister's ear, and after a second of hesitation, Tracy unfastened the bows
on the side of her panties, and with a impish
smile at Kenny, slid them off, making her completely naked.
     With a giggle on her lips, the younger sister leaned over Kenny's
outstretched body, and said, "Sis wants	me to be real naughty with you,
Kenny.  She's said you've worked too hard and if you don't eat, you might
starve."
     Kenny could hardly believe his ears.  This was just too much to hope
for, yet as this lovely creature slowly moved, teasing and tantalizing him,
he felt her legs straddle his waist, just above those of her sister.  But
that was not her area of interest.  Bending slightly forward, causing her
nearly hairless pussy to press down into Kenny's stomach, and even further
until he could feel her aroused pussylips against his sweaty flesh, he
could actually feel the warm wetness oozing from within her cunt, being
spread across his body, as she weaved from side to side, back and forth,
coating his body with her juices, always working upward, to his chest, up
to the area of first one nipple, where she took special pains to ease open
her labia until the inner lining of her pussy 'kissed' his nipple, leaving
it soaked, then slipping her hips to the other side and treating the other
with the same.
     The warmth, the wetness, but especially the odor of her fragrant pussy
was almost driving the young man out of his mind.  Yet he could not forget
Debbie, who since the very beginning was still slowly and gently rocking
back and forth, up and down.
     Carefully now, Kenny moved his shoulders which permitted Tracy to make
her final move, and now it was lights out for Kenny as those lovely inner
thighs pressed into his face, obstructing all light, and yet he felt like
screaming with delight as he felt the tickling of her peach-fuzz muff as it
first pressed against his forehead, and then she moved slowly down using
the bridge of his nose to open her labia wide, and with that, Kenny slipped
out his tongue, and like a drowning man raised his head, plunged his lips
deep between her pussylips, slipped his tongue up into that small vaginal
opening, and with a quick inhale, surrounded his lips around that clit, and
sucked hard, once, twice and time after time he felt it swelling, growing
longer, harder, hotter and even wetter.
     This brought cry after cry of joy from young Tracy's mouth as she
crouched over Kenny's face, pumping her hips up and down.
     They all knew they were about to CUM and very much together.
     "Quick, Tracy, lean forward on your hands," cried Debbie, and not
knowing why, Tracy flung her hands out in front of her, and leaned forward,
until she almost smothered Kenny as she felt him licking, and sucking, her
juices flowing down both sides of his face.  This brought her buttocks up
slightly, and while remaining firmly impaled on her lover, Debbie also
leaned forward, and as she had once with Kenny, took her well lubricated
middle finger, and with no warning, gently, but very firmly pushed that
digit straight up the tightly closed rectum of her younger sister.
     It was not a scream of pain, but one of lust that burst from Tracy's
lips as she felt her rectum being entered for the first time.  Almost
instantly that small, well lubricated finger slid full length, sending a
rush of passion before it, while Kenny's tongue swirled, licked and plunged
only a fraction of an inch away as he lustily sucked her juices which never
seemed to stop flowing.
     In the meantime, Debbie felt her vaginal muscles spasming, quivering,
and recognized the signs of her approaching orgasm, and lowering her head
onto Tracy's back, Debbie began fucking up and down on that shaft, filling
the room with the hot wet sounds of a wet pussy, raising her buttocks to a
height until only the very tip of Kenny's cock remained in her, and then
plunging down until their pubic bones crushed each other.
     Harder and faster she moved, feeling one orgasm hit her, then, like
she was flying, her body up in space by itself, and then gently floating
down, but just before landing, away she went again, up, even higher.
"Ohhh!" she cried, "I'm	never going to stop cumming!"
     Kenny was feeling his approaching climax, and was using the very last
of his strength to keep plunging his hips up to his lover, driving it into
her.  He felt the wet, hot surge of his juice spurt through his scrotum,
headed for his cock tip which resisted until the very last moment.  Then it
winked open, and he yelled into Tracy's cunt as he felt the force of his
ejaculation send massive amounts of his juice deep into his lover where it
mixed with her's.
     Tracy was also reaching her orgasm as Kenny's lips surrounded her
clit, and he shook his head and worried that love object until she cried
that he would suck her dry.  She had played with her tits and nipples and
pussy, before, even to a climax, but she had never felt anything like this!
In seconds she was gone, lost to the ocean of pleasure washing over her.
     After catching their breath and resting for only a few seconds, the
three looked at each other with sex-glazed eyes and got themselves ready
for more.  It would be many minutes before they would even attempt to say a
word, as they lay in a tight cluster, wrapped in each other's arms.  And
they knew that it would be much longer before they broke up this
relationship.
     Just at the moment Kenny's cock entered Tracy's tight, virgin pussy,
later that afternoon, he remembered college.  As Tracy wrapped her legs
around his hips, pulling him deeper into her, he decided he'd investigate
transferring to someplace local the very next day!



