The Hunk

Chris landed his spaceship in a deserted corner of the wilderness, and
planned to walk to the civilized center of the planet. He dressed in the
appropriate clothes that people wore on this planet and was ready to be
sure that no one was suffering injustice.

When he arrived at the town, he was indeed wearing the same clothes that
the other people were wearing, but for some reason they were watching
him closely. As he walked towards a hotel, a crowd was beginning to form
behind him, following him. He noticed no difference in clothing, but he
did notice that all of the other people were much fatter than he was.
Just as Chris was about to reach the hotel, a group of policemen
approached.

Behind the policemen was a young, athletic man wearing what looked like
a transparent Speedo swimsuit being pulled on a leash. Just as Chris was
about in speaking range of the policemen, they took off the leash and
said, "Hunk, clothes!" while pointing at Chris. The almost naked man
took off directly towards Chris, obviously to fight. Chris easily dumped
the young man over his shoulder, but the man grabbed and ripped off
Chris's shirt. An "ooooo" came from the crowd which was watching the
spectacle with what seemed like sexual interest. The young athlete got
up, his chest rippling with the action, and dove for Chris again. Chris
stepped aside at the last moment, but the young athlete grabbed Chris's
pants and tore them off, leaving Chris in just his bikini underwear.
Again the crowd cheered. The man got up and headed for Chris again. This
time Chris completely dodged the man but was too late to notice the
policemen fire a sleeping dart at him.

The dart caught Chris on the shoulder, and Chris quickly felt the
tranquilizer take effect. Chris's last sight as he fell to the ground
was the other young man's rippling chest muscles and strong biceps.

When Chris awoke he found that he was wearing transparent briefs, and
was surrounded by lots of other men, and women in the same condition.
All the handsome men and beautiful women in Chris's cell were athletic,
and had visible muscles. Several of the men and women were locked in an
embrace during sleep. It was night and they were all asleep, so Chris
withheld his sexual desires for both the men and the women and went back
to sleep himself.

Chris woke to a loud gong. Many more male and female athletes were being
ushered into the cell, and some form of food was filling a trough nearby
which was almost instantly crowded with sexy people. Chris decided it
would be best to blend in with the others until he knew exactly what was
going on, so he went to the trough too, and ate as they did using only
his mouth to get food. Chris knew these people were being treated as
animals, but couldn't quite guess why.

After breakfast, which tasted awful but contained proper nutrients, a
panel slid open and the almost naked people pushed through to another
room. When Chris got there, he saw a room filled with every imaginable
form of weight lifting equipment. Soon they were all lifting weights and
slurping water from a water fountain in the corner. Since Chris did not
object to a good workout, he decided to go along with everyone else, and
carefully worked on every muscle in his body. All the sexy bodies around
him were wonderful. Chris imagined having sex with many of the beautiful
strong women and the handsome muscular men. Despite this distraction,
Chris quickly finished his concentrated workout and went to a corner
where many of the others were playing sexual games.

Chris had noticed that nobody here spoke at all, and decided not to
speak until someone asked him a direct question. He enjoyed himself
fully by sticking his hand under the bikini briefs of other men and
women, and feeling their genitals. Several of the men were engaged in
butt fucking, and many people were engaged in oral sex. There was a
wonderful saliva smell from the sweat generated by the workouts and the
remnants of sexual fluids. Chris pulled down the underwear of one of the
sexiest men around and closed his lips on the wonderful penis, enjoying
the free oral sex. Chris's hands felt out the wonderful form of the
man's powerful biceps. Then, One of Chris's hands landed on a soft bed
of hair so Chris began finger fucking the women to whom this was
attached. Chris's other hand soon grabbed a free penis, and began
manipulating it to an orgasm. Chris felt his underwear being pulled off
by several hands, then Chris felt a jolt of pleasure as a penis thrust
its way up his ass hole and began rough pelvic thrusting. Chris felt
hands grabbing at his erect penis and a tongue stimulating its tip.

A mouth closed over Chris's left nipple and a practiced tongue soon
brought the nipple to a hard point. A breast brushed against Chris's
underarm all bringing Chris great pleasure as he continued to suck on a
man's penis. As the penis in Chris's ass continued pelvic thrusting,
Chris felt a vagina close over his previously exposed penis. Soon
everyone in the pile was covered with a sensual mixture of sweat and
semen. Chris felt a violent thrust as the penis in Chris's ass came to
orgasm and released semen into Chris's body. Chris felt the penis pulse
in his behind releasing powerful juices.

The penis in Chris's mouth suddenly shot a huge blob of semen onto
Chris's tongue, and Chris felt semen flowing in his mouth and rear. A
penis slipped past Chris's middle finger into the partially occupied
vagina and began thrusting against Chris's finger and the soft flesh of
the hole. The penis in Chris's other hand jumped and Chris felt semen
flowing down his hand. As Chris thrust into the vagina his penis now
occupied, the penis in Chris's mouth slipped out leaving its large
deposit of semen behind. Chris's mouth found a nipple on a firm muscular
male chest so his tongue began spreading some of the semen around the
firm nipple.

The penis in Chris's ass slipped out and then a wet moist tongue slipped
its way in to try to get ahold of some of the deposited semen. Chris's
ass was wide open from the anal sex, so the young man's tongue had
little trouble penetrating deep into Chris's rear orifice. One of
Chris's hands released the penis it was holding, and found its way to a
mouth where the semen was licked off. Another mouth found Chris's mouth
and Chris found himself frenching a gorgeous blond hunk. Chris's hand
which was in a vagina with another man's penis felt that penis ejaculate
and scooped some of the semen out, and spread it between two voluminous
breasts on a gorgeous female.

Soon Chris could take no more so his penis released its load into the
inviting vagina. Chris had to tune out the surround stimulations to
prevent from being completely overwhelmed. Finally Chris managed to
escape the pile of sex and find his way to the showers.

The showers were slowly filling with naked men and women who were all
washing each other. Chris grabbed a bar of soap, and came up behind an
erotic teenage male. Chris rubbed the bar along the youth's broad chest
with one hand, and stroked in the suds with his other hand, feeling the
sinewy flesh of this potent boy. Chris felt the touch of sex crazed
hands on his genitals, as another hunk sneaked up behind him. Chris
soaped down the washboard abs of the man in front of him, as he felt a
soap covered penis find its way into his vulnerable ass.

Chris continued to enjoy the shower even after he was squeaky clean. He
enjoyed the opportunity to feel out so many handsome men and beautiful
women at the same time. Finally, Chris had had enough, so he left the
shower and joined in the towel games. Chris rubbed his towel along the
broad shoulders and across the wide chest of a powerful youth, while
another passionate man made sure Chris's balls were very dry. Once they
were completely dry, they grabbed a pair of the transparent briefs from
a big bin at t he exit, and slipped them on.

When Chris left the shower room, he found himself in a lineup of clean
athletic men in front of a huge heavy duty window. There were fully
dressed towns people on the other side of the window who were eyeing the
men with intimate lust. Now and then, one of these people would point at
one of the hunks. Then a trainer (who wore heavy duty leather pants with
a complex latch at the crotch) would push through the groping hands of
the hunks, lock a collar and chain on the selected man, and pull him out
the door.

Chris was starting to get an idea of what was going on, and didn't like
it very much. A short fat women with drooping tits pointed at Chris, and
soon Chris felt the collar lock around his neck. Chris found himself
being pulled to this woman's home by the chain on his collar.

When the lady arrived home, she said, "hunk, clothes," and pointed at
Chris's briefs. Chris removed his briefs which made the women very
happy. She then locked Chris into some sort of rack which held his
wrists and ankles motionless. Then, to Chris's delight, she began to rub
olive oil on Chris's muscular shoulders, along the curves of Chris's
biceps, up to Chris's chained wrists, over Chris's brawny chest, and all
over Chris's body. Chris relished the experienced touch of her hands on
his captive body.

After she had finished with his front, she flipped the rack over, and
continued with Chris's back. After Chris's entire body was covered with
glistening oil, Chris heard her remove her clothes. She flipped the rack
over again, and manipulated Chris's organ until it was completely rigid.
She then pushed the rack so Chris was on his back, and mounted Chris,
closing the glove of her vagina over Chris's penis.

Chris could feel her fat stomach against his washboard, her drooping
tits against his supple chest, and his shapely legs against her fat
short ones, all lubricated with the gleaming oil.  She began to pump her
vagina against Chris's penis, and when Chris closed his eyes it felt
very pleasurable.  He felt helpless to resist the sexual desires of this
woman, and ejaculated directly into her vagina.  But the pulsing of
Chris's penis and jerk of Chris's body didn't stop the woman, she
continued to stimulate Chris's penis.

As Chris felt himself rise towards a second sexual peak, he could feel
the woman on top of him in the same situation.

