 

                                #

                 HYPNOSEX - THE CONTINUING STORY

     Dax sat in the office as his mind began to settle down from
the day's activity. His pushed back from the desk, leaned back in
his chair, placed his hands behind his head and began to think
about the last hypnosex experience with Mary, his wife. As his
thoughts began to touch those moments when his wife was making
love with another man, his cock started to grow. With eyes closed
his mind began painting pictures of Mary parting her soaked
pussey so that "Eddie" could bury his straining cock. He was
convinced that it was time for a new experience. He would prepare
for another mind altering experience.

     The ride home was a blur. His mind focused on the events
that he would create for his wife's enjoyment. Up until this
point she had never shared with Dax that she had experienced
"another man." He pulled into the drive and pushed the button to
open the garage. Mary was in the kitchen as he entered. She
smiled, welcomed him home and offered her lovely lips to him.
Mary continued her efforts to complete dinner as Dax went into
the bedroom to change for dinner. As he undressed, he was happy
to see that the thoughts he was having on the way home nicely
affected the heaviness and length of his penis. He pulled it out
and began stroking it. He could feel his nipples tingling at the
thought of a new experience for Mary. Dax dressed and made his
way out of the bedroom.

     Dax entered the dining room and walked up behind Mary
placing his extended rod against the crack of her ass. He reached
up under her sweat shirt and cupped her bra-less breasts. Her
nipples stabbed his respective palms, and his cock jumped. She
pushed back slightly and indicated that she expected some of
"that" later and giggled. He assured her that she would be
pleasantly surprised. "What does that mean?" she inquired.

     "You'll see sweetheart. I want to see the look on your face
when you get it, so I won't spoil it now," he added. Dax was
trying to feel Mary out about the last experience she had, to
determine whether he was moving too fast and whether it turned
her on as much as it did him.

     "Tell me honey; have you ever entertained any thoughts about
making it with another man?" Dax inquired after they had finished
most of their meal.

     "You really do want me to fuck someone else, don't you? You
know Dax, I don't really know how to take you sometimes. I get
concerned that if I do experience another man you will find that
you don't really want that. I also get concerned that you will
think I am a slut", Mary responded.

     "I told you before honey, that I would get a little jealous,
but it would be a great turn on for me. I know you love me, and a
piece of ass wouldn't change that. I have more faith in our
relationship after twenty years of marriage to think that I would
care less for you. It's actually my request. Why would I get
angry with you. Like I told you before; if you ever want to or
get the chance to have a strange cock in you, I would love it",
Dax assured her.

     "OK, I'll take a chance. I did get fucked Dax. It was great,
and I wanted to tell you about it, but I was afraid to, because I
didn't want to upset you", she began to ramble. She got up from
the table and turned away from Dax as she finished her sentence.
Dax could feel the blood begin to flow in his loins, but he was a
little concerned about Mary.

     "Oh honey, you don't have to worry about that. You've said
it. I know it now, and I'm happy for you," Dax said as he
approached her from behind. He grabbed her arms and slowly turned
her to face him. Dax looked into her eyes, smiled and kissed her.

     "Are you sure that you're not mad?" she asked. She was
trembling slightly as she nestled into his strong arms.

     "No honey, I promise that not only am I not angry, I am very
turned on by it. Would you feel comfortable telling me about it?"
he asked.

     "Give me a minute while I think of where to begin. I'll put
on some coffee," She said. Dax watcher her move about the dining
room. His blood was beginning to boil as he saw her buttocks move
under her tight sweat pants and her breasts sway under her shirt.
He began to remember how Mary reacted to what she thought was a
stranger. He recalled how powerful her orgasms were. He could see
"Eddie's" hands on her breasts, his lips on her nipples and his
thick cock ramming her hole.

     Mary put a cup of coffee in front of Dax and began speaking
quietly, "I really don't know what got into me. It was so out of
character. I went to the store to pick up a few things while you
were out of town. I entered the store and really became conscious
of several men in the place. It seemed like they were all looking
at me. I started feeling really sexy. After a short time, I ran
into one man that really seemed to turn me on. I don't know what
it was about him. I just began thinking about how it would be to
touch him, have him touch me and I wanted to see his body. I'm
never like that. We talked and he really seemed to be too good to
be true. He was intelligent, witty and not pushy. I almost let
him walk out of the store, and then something came over me. I
decided that if I could get this guy to come home with me I
would. I kept hearing your voice in the back of my head telling
me that you wouldn't mind, and it would turn you on. I was
shocked when he agreed to come over for some wine. You look like
you really enjoy hearing this."

     Dax stood up, unzipped his trousers and displayed his
immense cock. She had never seen it this big. It's head was
swollen and shiny. It looked like a huge tower. Dax said, "this
should tell you how I feel about it." She went on to explain, in
detail, what occurred as Dax stroked his cock. Mary became so
horny telling Dax about it, that she put her hand between her
legs, pressed against her clit and swayed back and forth as she
finished the story. Dax reminded her that he thought it was
wonderful that she was able to have this new experience and
encouraged her to feel free to express herself in the future.
Both rose and moved toward one another in the dining room. They
fell into each others arms and joined in a deep kiss. Dax's hands
were all over Mary. She began pumping against his leg as he
continued to whisper sexy things in her ear about the man she had
made love with. They decided that they would go into bed.

     As they reached the bed, Mary crawled up pulling Dax after
her. As her head hit the pillow, Dax snapped his fingers twice.
Mary's smile began to fade and her eyes closed, as she seemed to
melt into the bed. She became completely relaxed and fell into a
deep sleep. Dax did what he could to make her more comfortable.
He adjusted the pillow, straightened her legs and told her that
she would fall deeper asleep than she ever had. She was again
ready to accept any suggestions that Dax would offer.

     "When you awaken, I will be out of town again. You will
begin to feel very sexy and horny. You will masturbate and enjoy
a beautiful climax, but it won't seem to be enough. You will want
to fill your love hole with a thick, long, glistening penis. All
you will be able to think of is this long cock. You can almost
taste it now. You will want to hold someone's heavy, hairy balls
in your hand. You will feel your swollen nipples tingle in
anticipation. Your breasts and buttocks will long to be held. You
are beginning to feel the need increase now.

     After you masturbate, you will dress in a sexy outfit and go
out to a single's bar to see if there is anyone there who
interests you. When you enter, I will be there but you will not
be able to see me. You will not notice me in any way. You will
then sit at the bar by yourself and order a glass of wine.
Several men may come up to you, but you will all but ignore them.
If they ask you any questions, you will coldly tell them that you
are waiting for a friend. If a man comes up to you and you hear
the words 'Green Ribbon,' you will become interested in this man.
He will be very similar in appearance to the man that you met in
the grocery store. You will not want this man to get away. You
will want to get to know him better. If you hear the word
'Catastrophe," you will explain to the stranger that although you
think he is nice, you are a married woman and must get home. If
you are comfortable with this man, you will feel free to invite
him to your house for
drinks. If everything feels right and you decide to make love,
you will do so in the bedroom." Dax was sure that in this
fashion, he could protect her from unwholesome types, someone who
would turn sour during their conversation and direct her in terms
of who she would be leaving with. The entire time that Mary spent
in the trance state, Dax's cock was hard and anxious to spill. He
controlled it, because he wanted to remain hot to see what the
rest of the evening held. He told Mary to remain in the trance
state until he woke her.

     Dax went to the basement and disconnected the cable from the
cable service and reconnected it to a VCR in the recreation room.
He then connected the wire from the TV to a video camera that sat
on top of a high dresser. After a little adjusting of the camera,
her returned to the basement to see that he would have a
ring-side seat for anything that would occur in the bedroom. Dax
returned to the bedroom to awaken Mary. She slowly became
conscious. Dax sad in the chair in the corner of the room and
watched.

     Mary began to squirm on the bed. Her hands went under her
shirt and grabbed her bra-less breasts. She began to shake them
and pinch at the nipples. Soon she removed it utterly and
continued to deeply massage her breasts. This was something that
Dax rarely saw. She slipped her hand into her pants as her head
bent back into the pillow. Shortly, in one motion, Mary slipped
her thumbs into the waistband of her sweats and slid them and her
panties down her hips and off. Her hand went immediately to her
slit and began rubbing her clit furiously. Breasts bouncing and
hand gyrating in her quim, Mary convulsed into marvelous orgasm.
Her eyes squeezed tightly shut, and her mouth opened, gasping for
air.

     Dax was forced to spill his cream as he watched Mary
masturbate. He continued to stroke his weapon as he watched Mary
get up from the bed and move toward the shower. He could never
get enough of the sight of her lovely buttocks as they rolled
with each step. Dax wished that the whole world could see and
appreciate this beautiful view. Mary pinned up her long brown
hair and stepped into the shower.

     Good use of the time was made by Dax as he waited for Mary
to dress. He prepared himself in the main bath room and double
checked the video equipment. He could feel himself begin to
shiver as he saw Mary walk across the bed room while she dressed.
Preparations having been made, Dax went out to his car, pulled it
down the street and waited for Mary to exit the house. He didn't
have to wait long, as soon he saw Mary's car pulling out of the
driveway and heading down the street. He was directly behind her.
She drove down the major highway for about four miles and turned
into a local single's lounge. He crawled slowly into the lot and
turned out his lights. Dax watcher her confidently walk from the
car to the lounge. He had never remembered her holding her head
so self-confidently.

     As she disappeared inside the lounge, Dax exited his car and
followed her. When he entered, he saw her sitting at the bar. She
looked great and already Dax observed a few of the men looking
her over. He took a position about three stools away from hers
and ordered a drink. There was no one in the bar that he
recognized. He had a little concern about that previous to
entering the place as he lived so closely. Soon one of the
patrons sauntered over to her and asked her something. Dax
couldn't quite hear what is was. She turned to him and said
something, and he returned to his seat. This happened on two
other occasions with the same result. Suddenly, a rather tall,
nice looking man in his mid-thirties walked into the lounge and
his eyes traveled over the bar. When he saw Mary, his eyes seemed
to light up. He began walking in the direction of her bar stool.
He sat directly next to Mary but said nothing. Dax did feel
comfortable with this man. He felt confident that Mary would
enjoy him.

     "Green ribbon," issued from Dax's lips. Mary seemed to relax
when she heard these words and crossed her shapely legs. Soon the
man next to her said something to her, and Dax observed her turn
toward the man and acknowledge him followed by a bit of a
chuckle. Dax began to get excited. It wasn't long before he
noticed the man getting up to pull Mary's chair out. They walked
together toward the dance floor and glided into each other's
arms. It was a slow dance and Mary's body was pressed against
this stranger. Dax's excitement continued to grow as he saw the
man's hand periodically dip down and touch Mary's buttocks. He
wondered what must have been going through the stranger's mind as
Mary's lovely tits were pressed against his chest. They danced
closer and closer as the minutes went by. Finally, they returned
to the bar and ordered another drink. Dax followed their lead and
ordered another.

     Dax watched them dance two times more and felt that this
would be a hot experience for all three of them. He wondered what
they must be talking about. Once again the stranger and Mary
began to get up. This time it was not to dance but rather to
leave. The stranger held Mary's coat while she slipped into it,
and Dax watched as the stranger's hands lingered on the lapels as
they covered Mary's ample breasts. Out the door they went
followed by Dax. Dax got to his car first, as his was closer to
the door. He was torn between sitting to see if they would neck
in the car or rushing home to prepare himself for the show he
hoped to have. He elected the latter and sped out of the parking
lot toward home.

     As soon as Dax reached home, he parked the car and slipped
into the house. Down the stairs he went and locked the door to
the recreation room. He turned on the VCR and the monitor and
again began to shake with anticipation. The moments seemed to be
hours. He sat with frustration creeping into his bones when
suddenly he heard a car in the drive. Mary and the stranger
wasted no time in getting into the house. Dax could faintly hear
the sounds of glasses and a wine cork being extracted with a pop.
He sat and watched with anticipation. Nothing appeared on the
monitor. He wished that he had the foresight to set one up in the
living room.

     When Dax was just about to think that nothing would happen,
he saw Mary enter the bedroom. She walked over to the clothes
tree and immediately removed her outfit. Dax's heart jumped as he
saw her shed her bra and panties. She reached into a drawer of
the dresser and removed a little lavender teddy with matching
panties. His cock jumped to attention as he watched her pull the
panties up over the balls of her buttocks and slide the teddy
over her head. She smoothed her hair, ran a comb through it and
admired herself in the mirror. This also excited Dax. She was
primping. He had never really seen this side of her. He felt like
a voyeur, and he loved it. Soon Mary exited the room.

     Dax sat impatiently waiting for Mary and the stranger to
return to the bedroom. It wasn't long. Now he could hear them.
The stranger's name was Marty, and he followed Mary over to the
area of the bed. Dax switched on the VCR. Their hands were all
over one another. Mary's hands dropped to Marty's trousers and
began working on the zipper. Suddenly, she dropped to her knees,
and Dax could see her free Marty's huge cock. Immediately, she
opened her mouth and engulfed his straining penis. Dax almost
came in his pants. He took his own cock out and began to stroke
it in long slow movements. He could see his wife's lips cover
this huge cock. Dax wondered if this is how it looked when she
sucked his manhood. Mary helped Marty as he shed the rest of his
clothes. Marty's cock jumped up and down as he moved over the a
chair to set his clothes down. Dax could see Marty's heavy balls
bouncing with his large penis stretching heavenward. Mary's hands
returned to his balls and her mouth to the head of his cock.

     Mary pulled Marty over to the bed and they collapsed in one
another's arms. Only moments went by and Mary's teddy and panties
were tossed to the floor. Her hands clawed Marty's tight buttocks
and continued to return to his thick member. Dax went wild as he
watched Marty cup the cheeks of Mary's tight ass cheeks and
squeeze them. Marty's hand dipped into the warm moist cleft
between Mary's buttocks and down to her hot hole. The stranger's
head searched for and found her beautiful nipples and began to
suck hard. Dax could hear Mary say, "fuck me, I need fucked, I
need fucked now Marty. Put your big cock in my slippery pussey
and fuck my brains out. Yes that's it, bite my nipples as you
drive that big bone in my hot cunt hole." Dax was going wild. He
couldn't take it. His cock began to erupt in huge gobs of jism
into the palm of his hand. He continued to stoke his cock as her
heard the lovely horny screams of Mary and Marty's deep grunts as
they collapsed together on the bed. What a great climax! The next
was sure to be better.

     The next thing that Dax wanted to orchestrate was being in
the room and participating in Mary's next adventure. But surely
that should be a story in itself.

P.S. If you enjoy the concept of hypnosis in the bedroom, feel
free to leave email for DAX MAN on Rusty and Edie's BBS.