                      ARMS TRADER BBS!
                                               
                        INTRODUCTION    


     Welcome to ARMS TRADER BBS!. ARMS TRADER BBS! is an electronic
bulletin board service dedicated to companies, distributors,
importers, FFL holders, collectors and civilians. 
     
     Benefits of this online service are numerous. Online users
will be able to upload and download prices, product specifications,
and terms monthly, weekly or even daily. Specific product
information can be found quickly according to type (curio, pistol,
class III, shotgun, etc. etc.). Non licensed individuals can post
ads for used guns, find a part, locate a specific gun and find a
FFL holder who'll ship/receive in a matter of minutes. Gun dealers
will be able to find the most competitive price, the distributors
phone/fax number, and hours of business, at any time of day, or
night. Departments for product reviews, legislation and gun
associations are available. A private electronic mail service is
provided for every user. 
     
     All of the above could be achieved with a single phone call.
Such a network of producing companies, distributors, dealers and
civilians will help in protecting our Second Amendment Rights
through discussion of legislative information and the distribution
of factual information. The only equipment needed by the user is a
computer and a modem. ARMS TRADER BBS! provides the most efficient
means of relevant information acquisition/disposition available.
     
                         ---------------

Above listed is the first page from "Welcome.TXT", ARMS TRADER
BBS!' introduction. For the complete introduction write & request
"Welcome.TXT", or logon and download the file of the same name.

ARMS TRADER BBS! is currently in the process of building a
database. We need your company's information. Please send any info
you'd want made available to our users. Currently online. Fully
operational and on-line 24 hrs a day Feb 15th. Advertise with us!

       UNLIMITED CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING FOR ONLINE USERS!
                COMPUTERS - COMPONENTS AVAILABLE

ARMS TRADER BBS!
COMPINFO
PO BOX 799
COTTAGE GROVE OR 97424
VOICE (503) 942 9078 

                        ARMS TRADER BBS!
                          503 942 0771
                              N 8 1
                300-38400 BAUD V.32/V.42/V.42bis