Subj: Nazi link to gca '68  

Someone here asked for this a while back and it just turned up again in
t.p.g:

===================================================================

++From: tsjwr@camelot.acf-lab.alaska.edu (John W Redelfs) ++Subject:
Nazi Links to U.S.  Law!

Will it happen again?  Are we being set up?  Who will be next,
Mormons and Jews?  Please tell me it couldn't happen here.

I have been challenged to produce documentary evidence linking the
Nazi's with U.S.  gun control law, to back up my claim that the Gun
Control Law of 1968 is a verbatim translation from a Nazi law passed
in Germany before the Second World War, the law that set up the Jews
for the Holocaust.  Well, here it is, the first of several documents
I will post here to prove my claims.

Fortunately, the Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership
(JPFO) have done all of my homework for me.  The post below was
recently reproduced on SAMSBEST from another list.


GUN CONTROL'S NAZI CONNECTION!

Startling evidence suggests that the Gun Control Act of 1968 was
lifted, almost in its entirety, from Nazi legislation.  We must call
for a full investigation, and the repeal of GCA '68 -- NOW!!

By Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO)

 +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +

Are you tired of being told that gun control is a chronic pain that
you have to accept because there's no cure?  Do you -- a law-
abiding person -- want to be free: to own whichever firearms you
want to own, regardless of where in America you live; from waiting
periods, gun bans, magazine capacity restrictions, etc.; to spend
your time on the range or in the field, rather than fighting gun
control?

Are you tired of giving hard-earned bucks to efforts that have at
best only slowed the gun-grabbers' push toward firearms registration
and confiscation?  If you have had enough of death by a thousand
cuts, you are ready to take action to wipe out gun control -- now.

Members of Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO)
consider gun control to be an aggressive cancer.  JPFO has a cure, a
way to destroy gun control.  JPFO has hard evidence that shows that
the Nazi Weapons Law (March 18, 1938) is the *source* of the U.S.
Gun Control Act of 1968 (GCA '68).  Adolph Hitler signed the Nazi
Weapons Law.  The Gestapo (Nazi National Secret Police) enforced it.
In *Gun Control: Gateway to Tyranny* we present the official German
text of the Nazi Weapons Law and a side-by-side translation into
English.  Even more deadly: a side-by-side, section-by-section
comparison of the GCA '68 with the Nazi Weapons Law.  If you have
this in your hands, no one can tell you that you're imagining
things.

The clincher: JPFO knows *who* implanted into American law cancerous
ideas from the Nazi Weapons Law.

The likely culprit is a former senator, now deceased.  We have
documentary proof -- see below -- that he had the original text of
the Nazi Weapons Law in his possession 4 months before the bill that
became GCA '68 was signed into law.

This former senator was a senior member of the U.S.  team that
helped to prosecute Nazi war criminals at Nurnberg, Germany, in
1945-46.  That is probably where he found out about the Nazi Weapons
Law.  He may have gotten a copy of it then, or at a later date.  We
cannot imagine why any U.S.  lawmaker would own original texts of
Nazi laws.  To find out his name, read on.

With this hard evidence in your hands and in your head, you can
destroy cancerous gun control.  You can challenge anyone who backs
gun control.  You can show them the Nazi ideas, line by line.

The parallels between the Nazi law and GCA '68 will leap at you from
the page.  For example, law-abiding firearm owners in Illinois,
Massachusetts, and New Jersey must carry identification cards based
on formats from the Nazi Weapons Law.  Nazi-based laws have no place
in America.  Thousands of Americans died or were wounded in the war
to wipe out the Nazis.  They did not suffer and die so that Hitler's
ideas could live on in America and kill more Americans.  Gun control
kills law-abiding Americans.  Remember Killeen, Texas!  The 23 who
died in Luby's Cafeteria there died because they obeyed
Nazi-inspired gun control laws.  The law forced them, unarmed, to
face an armed madman.

    ======================>> INSET <<=======================
    According to JPFO, evidence strongly suggests that the
    late Senator Thomas J. Dodd personally implanted the
    Nazi Weapons Law into U.S. legislation. What remains
    unknown are his motives for doing so.
    ========================================================

To destroy gun control before more law-abiding Americans are
murdered by criminals or madmen helped by gun control, you need to
get hold of the evidence as presented in *Gun Control: Gateway to
Tyranny*.  You can then challenge the media, the most aggressive
backers of gun control.  Ask media personalities in your city or
town why they back Nazi-based laws.  You can demand repeal of GCA
'68 and the thousands of state and local laws based on it.  You can
help to erase gun control, Hitler's last legacy.

GCA '68 puts your life at risk right now.  You have a constitutional
civil right to be armed in order to protect yourself, because under
U.S.  law the police have no duty to protect the average person:

"There is no constitutional right to be protected by the state
against being murdered by criminals or madmen.  It is monstrous if
the state fails to protect its residents against such predators but
it does not violate the due process clause of the Fourteenth
Amendment, or, we suppose, any other provision of the Constitution.
The Constitution is a charter of negative liberties: it tells the
state to let people alone; it does not require the federal
government or the state to provide services, even so elementary a
service as maintaining law and order" (Bowers v. DeVito, U.S.  Court
of Appeals, Seventh Circuit, 686F.2d616 [1982]).

The Supreme Court last dealt with this issue in 1856; the 1982
decision states the position in modern language.  The laws of
virtually every state parallel federal law (see JPFO Special Report
"Dial 911 and Die!" covered in *Guns & Ammo*, July 1992).  This has
been so ever since the Constitution was adopted in 1791.  As a
result, the framers of the Second Amendment deliberately created an
individual civil right to be armed.  It is your only reliable
defense against criminals.  GCA '68 ties your hands and keeps you
from carrying out your legal duty to ensure your own self-defense.
GCA '68 thus undermines a pillar of U.S.  law and helps criminals to
kill law-abiding Americans.  Hitler would be pleased.

    ======================>> INSET <<=======================
                             The Library of Congress
                             Washington, DC  July 12, 1968
    Hon. Thomas J. Dodd
    Chairman, Special Subcommittee to Investigate Juvenile
    Delinquency, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC

    Dear Senator Dodd: Your request of July 2, 1968,
    addressed to the Legislative Reference Service, for the
    translation of several German laws has been referred to
    the Law Library for attention.

    In compliance with your request and with reference to
    several telephone conversations between Miss Frank of
    your Office and Mr. Fred Karpf, European Law Division,
    we are enclosing herewith a translation of the Law on
    Weapons of March 18, 1938, prepared by Dr. William
    Solyom-Fekete of that Division, as well as the Xerox
    copy of the original German text which you supplied.

    The translation of the decree implementing the Law on
    Weapons of March 19, 1938, and the pertinent provisions
    of the Federal Hunting Law of March 30, 1961, is in
    preparation and will be sent to you as soon as
    completed.
                             Sincerely yours,
                             Lewis C. Coffin,
                             Law Librarian
    ========================================================

Thus, GCA '68 marked a new approach to gun control.  It replaced the
Federal Firearms Act (June 30, 1938), which was based on the federal
power to regulate interstate commerce.  The 1938 law required
firearms dealers to get a federal license (which then cost $1).
Only dealers could ship firearms across state lines.  Ordinary
people could receive shipments from dealers.

In GCA '68 the government required that in almost all cases only
dealers could send and receive firearms across state lines.  This
ended "mail order" sales of firearms by law-abiding persons who are
not licensed dealers. 

GCA '68 hits you even harder.  Congress gave federal bureaucrats in
Washington, D.C., the power to decide what kinds of firearms you can
own.

The framers of GCA '68 borrowed an idea -- that certain firearms are
"hunting weapons" -- from the Nazi Weapons Law (Section 21 and
Section 32 of the Regulations, page 61 and page 73, respectively, of
*Gun Control: Gateway to Tyranny*).  The equivalent U.S.  term,
"sporting purpose," was used to classify firearms.  But it was not
defined anywhere in GCA '68.  Thus, bureaucrats were empowered to
ban whole classes of firearms.  They have, in fact, done so.

We wanted to know the source of these new ideas.  On reading "Dial
911 and Die!" a JPFO member told us he had seen an article -- by
Alan Stang in *Review of the News*, October 4, 1967 (pages 15-20) --
the author of which felt that the Nazi Weapons Law was the model for
GCA '68.  We found the article.  But Stang did not reproduce the
Nazi law, so we could not check his conclusions.

We started to hunt for the text of the Nazi Weapons Law.  We
eventually found it, in the law library of an Ivy League university.

Until 1943-44, the German government published its laws and
regulations in the *Reichsgesetzblatt*, roughly the equivalent of
the U.S.  Federal Register.  Carefully shelved by law librarians,
the 1938 issues of this German government publication had gathered a
lot of dust.  In the *Reichsgesetzblatt* issue for the week of March
21, 1938, was the official text of the Weapons Law (March 18, 1938).
It gave Hitler's Nazi party a stranglehold on the Germans, many of
whom did not support the Nazis.  We found that the Nazis did not
invent gun control in Germany.  The Nazis inherited gun control and
then perfected it: they invented handgun control.

The Nazi Weapons Law of 1938 replaced a Law on Firearms and
Ammunition of April 13, 1928.  The 1928 law was enacted by a
center-right, freely elected German government that wanted to curb
"gang activity," violent street fights between Nazi party and
Communist party thugs.  All firearms owners and their firearms had
to be registered.  Sound familiar?  Gun control did not save
democracy in Germany.  It helped to make sure that the toughest
criminals, the Nazis, prevailed.

The Nazis inherited lists of firearm owners and their firearms when
they *lawfully* took power in March 1933.  The Nazis used these
inherited registration lists to seize privately held firearms from
persons who were not "reliable." Knowing exactly who owned which
firearms, the Nazis had only to revoke the annual ownership permits
or decline to renew them.

In 1938, five years after taking power, the Nazis enhanced the 1928
law.  The Nazi Weapons Law introduced handgun control.  Firearms
ownership was restricted to Nazi party members and other "reliable"
people.

The 1938 Nazi law barred Jews from businesses involving firearms.
On November 10, 1938 -- one day after the Nazi party terror squads
(the SS) savaged thousands of Jews, synagogues, and Jewish
businesses throughout Germany -- new regulations under the Weapons
Law specifically barred Jews from owning any weapons, even clubs or
knives.

Given the parallels between the Nazi Weapons Law and the GCA '68
[Gun Control Act, 1968], we concluded that the framers of the GCA
'68 -- lacking any basis in American law to sharply cut back the
civil rights of law-abiding Americans -- drew on the Nazi Weapons
Law of 1938.

Finding the Nazi Weapons Law whetted our appetite.  We wanted to
know who implanted this Nazi cancer in America.  We began by probing
the backgrounds of lawmakers who championed gun control.  We focused
on those whose bills became part of GCA '68.  GCA '68 as enacted
closely tracks proposals dating to August 1963.  We felt that if the
culprit were a lawmaker -- or a congressional staffer -- he or she
would know Germany, German law and possibly even speak German.  He
or she probably would have spent time in Germany on business or
during military service.  Alternatively, if the culprit were not a
member of Congress or a staffer, there would be testimony at the
hearings to that effect.

Most potential suspects were quickly eliminated: they had no
apparent ties to Germany.  But one lawmaker caught our attention.

An old *Who's Who* entry showed he had been a senior member of the U.S.
team that prosecuted German war criminals at Nurnberg in 1945-46. Thus, he
had lived in Germany just after the Nazi period. His official duties
required him to look at Nazi records, including Nazi laws. In 1963 he led
the effort to greatly expand the Federal Firearms Act of 1938.

We then got a break.  We told a legal scholar of our findings.  He
was intrigued.  He sent us an extract from the record of hearings
held a few months prior to the enactment of the GCA '68.  At the end
of June 1968, the Senate Judiciary Subcommittee to Investigate
Juvenile Delinquency -- chaired by Thomas J. Dodd (D- CT) -- held
hearings on bills: (1) "To Require the Registration of Firearms"
(S.3604), (2) "To Disarm Lawless Persons" (S.3634) and (3) "To
Provide for the Establishment of a National Firearms Registry"
(S.3637), among others.

U.S.  Representative John Dingell (D-MI) testified at these Senate
hearings on gun control.  Senator Joseph D. Tydings (D-MD) chaired
some of these hearings, in Dodd's absence.

Rep.  Dingell expressed concern that if firearms registration were
required, it might lead to confiscation of firearms, as had happened
in Nazi Germany.  Tydings angrily accused Rep.  Dingell of using
"scare tactics":

"Are you inferring that our system here, gun registration or
licensing, would in any way be comparable to the Nazi regime in
Germany, where they had a secret police, and a complete takeover?"

    ======================>> INSET <<=======================
    Senators Strom Thurmond and Edward Kennedy are the only
    members of the original (1968) Senate Judiciary
    Committee who remain in the Senate, and on the committee
    ========================================================

Rep. Dingell backed away.

(Hearings before the Subcommittee to Investigate Juvenile
Delinquency of the Committee on the Judiciary, 90th Congress, 2nd
Session, June 26, 27 and 28 and July 8, 9 and 10, 1968, pp.  479-
80, 505-6 cited as Subcommittee Hearings.)

Tydings later inserted into the hearing record various documents,
"concerning the history of Nazism and gun confiscation."

Exhibit No.  62 (see reproduction [see inset, CN 2.81]) is
fascinating.  This letter -- dated July 12, 1968 -- is to
Subcommittee Chairman Dodd from Lewis C. Coffin, Law Librarian at
the Library of Congress.  Coffin wrote:

"...we are enclosing herewith a translation of the Law on Weapons of
March 18, 1938, prepared by Dr.  William Solyom-Fekete of [the
European Law Division] *as* *well* *as* *the* *Xerox* *of* *the*
*original* *German* *text* *which* *you* *supplied*" (Subcommittee
Hearings, p. 489, emphasis added).

This letter makes it public knowledge that at the end of June 1968
-- 4 months before GCA '68 was enacted -- Senator Thomas J. Dodd,
now deceased, personally owned a copy of the original German text of
the Nazi Weapons Law.

Why did Dodd own the original German text of any Nazi law?  Why did
he make known that he owned it?

The Library of Congress then had (and still has) the
*Reichsgesetzblatt* in its collection.  The Library of Congress
translator, Dr.  Solyom-Fekete, could easily have used the Library
of Congress' own copy.

Any member of Congress who wanted to read the Nazi Weapons Law need
only have asked for it to be produced from the shelves of the
Library of Congress and for it to be translated by Library of
Congress experts.  Why should any member of Congress ever have owned
the original German text of the Nazi Weapons Law?

Without access to Tom Dodd's personal papers, archived under his
heirs' control, we unfortunately cannot offer definite answers.

Dodd could have acquired the German text of the Nazi Weapons Law
during his time at Nurnberg.  But he had no need to do so.

Dodd did not personally handle the prosecution of Nazi Interior
Minister Wilhelm Frick, who signed the Nazi Weapons Law.  The case
against Frick was presented by Robert M. W. Kempner, Assistant Trial
Counsel for the United States (see *Trial of the Major War Criminals
before the International Military Tribunal*, cited as TMWC, Vol.  V,
pp.  352-67, Nurnberg, Germany, 1947).

Nor should the Nazi Weapons Law otherwise have come to Dodd's
attention.  The Nazi Weapons Law was not used as evidence against
Frick (see Kempner's speech, TMWC, Vol.  V, pp.  352-67 and *Index
of Laws, Decrees, Orders, Directives, and the Administration of
Justice in Nazi Germany and Nazi-Dominated Countries*, TMWC, Vol.
XXIII, pp.  430-33).  The Nazi Weapons Law is not listed among
documents submitted as evidence to the Tribunal by the American
prosecutors (see Vol.  XXIV, pp.  98-169).  

The prosecutors at Nurnberg doubtless knew of the Nazi Weapons Law.
They probably saw it in the *Reichsgesetzblatt*.  On the same day
that Nazi Interior Minister Frick signed the Weapons Law, March 18,
1938, he signed another law governing security measures in newly
annexed Austria.  This law concerning Austria appeared in the
*Reichsgesetzblatt* -- directly in front of the Weapons Law -- and
was introduced into evidence at Nurnberg (*Reichsgesetzblatt* 1938,
I, p. 262; the Nazi Weapons Law was published in the same volume, p.
265; see TMWC, Vol.  V, p. 358 for reference to law concerning
Austria).

Thus, the Nazi Weapons Law appeared to have no historical merit at
Nurnberg and should not have attracted anyone's notice, certainly
not to the extent of causing anyone to want to keep a copy of it as
a separate document.

If Dodd got his copy of the original German text of the Nazi Weapons
Law during his time at Nurnberg, it likely was part of a collection
of documents, for example, issues of the *Reichsgesetzblatt*.

But if he acquired the original German text of the Nazi Weapons Law
after his service at Nurnberg, he must have done so for a very
specific reason.  The Nazi Weapons Law plainly did not figure at
Nurnberg.

We may safely conclude it had little, if any, interest for those
interested in the history of the Nazis' rise to power.  For example,
the Nazi Weapons Law is not mentioned at all in William L. Shirer's
very thorough study of Nazi Germany, *The Rise and Fall of the Third
Reich* (Simon and Schuster, New York, 1950).

At the hearings held by Dodd's subcommittee at the end of June 1968,
Rep.  Dingell had objected to the firearms registration provision
then being discussed.  Dodd may have offered his copy of the Nazi
Weapons Law to show that the specific proposal did not resemble
anything in the Nazi law.

He may not have realized that he was revealing a broader truth: that
the whole fabric of GCA '68 was based on the Nazi Weapons Law, even
if the specific registration proposal was not so based.

Alternatively, Dodd may not have cared whether or not anyone knew
that he had the German text of the Nazi Weapons Law.  He doubtless
knew that months would pass before the hearing record was printed
and so generally available for scrutiny.  Thus, even if anyone then
noticed the parallels between the two laws, the bill would already
have become law.

Rep.  Dingell does not appear to have pursued the matter: the
firearms registration provision was not included in GCA '68.  The
Congress was stampeded on gun control by public enthusiasm.  Martin
Luther King had been murdered on April 4, 1968, and Robert F.
Kennedy had been murdered on June 6, 1968.

We are not the first to have seen this hearing record.  But we
appear to be the first to have recognized its importance.  This
hearing record suggests strongly that the late Senator Thomas J.
Dodd (D-CT) himself implanted the Nazi Weapons Law into American
law, or, at very least, helped others to do so.

Now you know the ugly truth about the roots of GCA '68.  But you
need to see -- with your own eyes -- the hard evidence of the Nazi
roots of gun control in America presented in *Gun Control: Gateway
to Tyranny*.

If you want to destroy gun control, you can use this book to do it.
You can demand the immediate repeal of the Nazi-inspired GCA '68 and
all state laws based on it.

Of Senate Judiciary Committee members serving in 1968, only Edward
M. Kennedy (D-MA) and Strom Thurmond (D-SC) are still in the Senate.
Both are still members of the Judiciary Committee.  In light of the
evidence presented above, will they now help to repeal GCA '68?

    ======================>> INSET <<=======================
    During hearings in 1968, Rep. John Dingell expressed his
    concerns over proposed U.S. gun restrictions mimicking
    those of Nazi Germany, He was chastised by then-Senator
    Joseph Tydings, and Dingell backed down.
    ========================================================

Few lawmakers will try to defend the Nazis.  And, if they do, you
know what to do: vote them out at the next election, or sooner, if
your state's laws provide for recall elections.

The Nazi Weapons Law of March 18, 1938, cleared the way for World
War II and Nazi genocide against Jews, Gypsies and 7,000,000 other
people.  If "Never Again" is to be a reality in America, the
Nazi-based GCA '68 must be erased.  Now.

 +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +  +

Jews for the Preservation of Firearms Ownership (JPFO) 2872 S. Wentworth
Avenue Milwaukee, Wisconsin  53207 414-769-0760

