Archive-name: Family/cindy.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cindy


One:

     Cindy felt herself getting wet.  She slipped her finger deep in
side the soft folds of her pussy and moved it around, massaging her 
still-intact hymen.

     "That's nice," Billy said, grinning down at his naked sister.  
"How long have you been playing with yourself like that?"

     "Ever since I was nine," the teen-aged girl answered defiantly.  
"Ever since I saw you playing with yourself in the bathroom that after-
noon, when you thought you were alone and no one could see you!"

     "Yeah, and I'm glad you did see me," he answered.  "I'm only sorry 
you took so long to come and tell me about it."

     "Well, I did.  Now get down here and help me!"  Cindy rubbed her 
pussy-lips furiously.  "You know I like it better when you do it!"

     "Sure, Sis," Billy said, still grinning.  "But you'll have to do 
me when I'm done doing you, you know."

     "I know!  I always do you last.  It's not fair!"

     "Life isn't fair, little sister," Billy said, stretching out be-
side the young girl.  "You take what you can get."

     "I want to come, now!" Cindy said without a trace of shame or dis-
comfort.

     Billy slipped his hand onto Cindy's breast.  The young flesh was 
firm and resilient to his touch.  Her little pink nipple grew hard and 
stood up stiffly at the touch of his finger.  The surrounding pink au-
reole puckered and shrank, making the nipple stand out even further.

     Cindy shivered at her brother's touch.  She had touched herself in 
the same places and in the same way many times in the past, but it nev-
er felt as good as when her big brother Billy did it instead.

     Billy leaned over and placed his lips on Cindy's breast.  He slow-
ly kissed and teased the soft flesh, leaving a trail of saliva around 
the glowing mound.  Expertly, he gradually approached the nipple, feel-
ing his sister's excitement growing more and more intense the closer he 
got to the sensitive spot.

     "Ooooh, yes, Billy," Cindy moaned.  "You know how to do me.  Do me 
now!"

     Billy's lips fastened on the sensitive spot and he began sucking 
mightily.

     "Oh!" Cindy gasped.

     Billy played his tongue over the young girl's nipple.  It tasted 
sweet in his mouth.  That fact that it was his own sister, young, 
pretty, and a virgin, made him even hotter.  His cock was as hard as 
iron.  He wanted to come soon, but he knew he would have to wait until 
he had satisfied Cindy's growing lust.  That way he would be able to 
come and then just relax and let the warm waves of pleasure carry him 
away without having to trouble himself about anybody's orgasm but his 
own.

     Cindy wrapped her arms around her big brother's head, pressing him 
harder against her breast.  She loved the feel of his lips on her tit-
ties.  She loved the way he sucked on her nipples.  In fact, she loved 
everything about him.  She loved the way he brought her to orgasm and 
made her come over and over again.

     "Do it harder, Billy," she whispered, encouraging him."You know 
how I like it."

     Billy sucked hard on her little pink nipple.  He drew it deep into 
his mouth and played his tongue over the hard little tip.

     "Oh, yes, Billy," the girl moaned, "use your teeth!"

     Billy sucked even harder on his sister's nipples.  He chewed gen-
tly around the puckered aureole, feeling it get harder as he did so.

     He ran his hand over the girl's breast, enjoying the firm resil-
ience of her flesh.  He squeezed and pinched it playfully.  She twisted 
and writhed under him, obviously enjoying their incestuous liaison.  
Billy let his hand leave his sister's breast and travel down her chest, 
over her ribcage, across her flat, muscular stomach, and finally down 
to her hot little crotch.

     "Mmmmm, yes, Billy," Cindy moaned, spreading her thighs apart to 
allow him access to her hot, virgin cunt.

     He was amazed, as he always was with her, at how hot and wet her 
cunt was when he touched it.  He let his fingers play with her pubic 
hair.  It was soft and silky, like a kitten's fur, he thought.  How ap-
propriate that his sister should have kitten's fur on her little pussy.

     He let his middle finger find Cindy's slit.  The lips were soft 
and swollen with excitement.  He pressed against her virgin cunt-lips 
and felt them immediately surrender and allow him entrance.

     Cindy's cunt was hot and ready for his ministrations.  Cindy was 
more than ready herself; she was eager.  Billy's finger awakened de-
sires in the young girl that only months before she didn't even know 
existed.  Now, she thought she might never get free of them, or if, 
indeed, she would ever want to be free of them.

     Billy let his finger slip between Cindy's cunt-lips.  Her pussy 
opened and let him in easily.  He pressed forward, forcing his finger 
deeper into his sister's virgin cunt.  She gasped and moaned softly as 
he pressed further in.  Her cunt was tight, so tight that he could 
barely squeeze more than the first knuckle past her hymen.  Feeling her 
slick, thick, cunt-juice flowing around his finger, feeling her cunt-
walls gripping him, watching her sweet young face beneath him contort
ing with such pleasure that it looked like pain, all this was nearly 
too much for the teen-aged boy.  It was all he could do to restrain 
himself and not fuck his little sister right there on her own bed.

     Instead, he pulled back from her a little bit and said, "Cindy, 
honey, I'm going to give you a special treat."

     Cindy opened her eyes wide.  Billy had a strange look on his face, 
one she had never seen before.  She didn't know what to expect, but she 
did know what she was afraid of.

     "No, Billy," she said, her voice shaking with nervousness.  "Don't 
do it.  If you put it in me that would be incest and that's wrong."

     "Don't worry, Sis, I'm not going to fuck you, not yet, anyway."  
He laughed at his little sister; she looked so relieved and so sexy, he 
was tempted to go back on his word immediately, but he didn't.

     "Besides," he continued, "how would fucking be any different from 
what we've been doing?  It's all just sex, anyway."

     "No, Billy," Cindy was adamant.  "What we're doing is just fooling 
around.  We've never done anything, you know, serious, yet."

     Yet.  The word echoed in Billy's brain.  Then, he made up his 
mind.  He would fuck Cindy.  Not today maybe, and maybe not tomorrow, 
but some day he would take his little sister's cherry and she would 
thank him for it.

     "Don't worry, Cindy," he said soothingly, trying to reassure the 
nervous young girl.  "That's not what I meant.  Here's what I meant."

     Without any further warning, Billy slid down the bed until his 
face was level with his sister's crotch.  He climbed between her legs, 
forcing them further apart, and put his mouth just inches from her 
cunt.

     "Billy," she gasped, "what are you doing?"

     "Nothing, yet," he grinned up at her inquiring face, "but you'll 
like it when I do you, I guarantee it!"

     Using both his thumbs, Billy spread his sister's pussy-lips apart, 
revealing the wet, pink folds within.  He bent down and breathed gent-
ly, blowing his warm moist breath over Cindy's sensitive flesh.

     "Oh Billy!" Cindy gasped.  "What are you doing?  That feels won-
derful!"

     "You ain't felt nothin' yet," Billy chuckled and immediately went 
to work on the willing young girl.  He placed the tip of his tongue at 
the bottom of her tight little slit and gently licked.  He ran the tip 
of his tongue from the bottom to the top of her slit in one long, con
tinuous motion.

     "Billy!  What are you...Oh Billy, that's wonderful!"  Cindy gasped 
and moaned with pleasure.  She had been nervous about her big brother's 
intentions at first, but now, she no longer cared what he did, just as 
long as it continued to feel as good as it did now.

     Smiling inwardly, Billy continued his erotic stimulations.  Cindy 
was obviously a willing student.  Her reservations about fucking, al-
though inconvenient, were easily understandable.  Billy knew that in-
cest was wrong, sinful, and taboo.  He knew that practically every so-
ciety had outlawed incest.  He also knew that he didn't care.

     Billy licked up and down his sister's cunt, savoring the sweet 
taste of her virgin pussy-juice.  First, he explored the tight little 
slit itself, licking just where her soft, pink cunt-lips joined.  He 
licked softly at first, barely touching Cindy's quivering flesh, teas-
ing her to greater heights of erotic pleasure before moving on to more 
sophisticated delights.

     Cindy immediately abandoned herself to the exciting new sensations 
Billy was providing her.  She purred softly, deep in her throat, and 
spread her thighs apart so that Billy would have no difficulty in 
reaching the most sensitive parts of her virgin cunt.

     "Ooohhh, Billy, I had no idea sex could feel this good."

     Billy didn't answer.  Instead, he took both his thumbs and gently 
spread his sister's cunt --- lips apart, revealing the wet inner folds 
to his incestuous gaze.  Cindy's cunt was slippery with her thick vir-
gin cunt-juice.  The outer lips were soft and puffy, swollen with her 
newly-awakened eroticism.  The inner lips, which Billy was now seeing 
for the first time, were a deep, dark pink color, gorged with blood.

     "Billy!"  Cindy's voice held a note of urgency.  "What are you do-
ing down there?  Lick it some more like you were doing before!"

     "Okay, little sister," he answered, leering up at his sister's 
lust-distorted face.  "But you'll have to do the same for me when I'm 
through with you."

     "Yes, Billy, you know I will!  Only hurry up, I want to come!"

     Billy dove back to his task.  He licked up and down the insides of 
her outer cunt-lips.  He extended his tongue to the utmost and started 
licking the soft inner folds of the young girl's slippery wet pussy.

     Cindy moaned and groaned above him.  She had never felt or even 
imagined anything as hot and good as her brother's tongue licking at 
her pussy.  She tried to hold still so as not to move away from the 
source of her new-found pleasure, but her hips began to undulate and 
gyrate with a life all their own.  Cindy could not help grinding and 
bucking her hips in a tight little circle, rhythmically pressing her 
cunt hard against her brother's licking mouth.

     "Billy, that's so good, so good.  Do it harder, Billy, do it deep-
er.  Do me good, Billy, you know I like it!"

     Billy plunged his tongue deep into his sister's cunt.  Cindy 
gasped with pleasure and grabbed his head with both hands, holding him 
still while she ground her cunt against his mouth in a wanton display 
of lust.

     "Billy, yes!" she cried out.  "Yes, that's it!  I'm coming!  Billy 
this is....you're wonderful!"

     Billy lapped avidly at Cindy's pussy.  Her virgin cunt smelled so 
sweet, her pussy-juice was so thick and tasty, he was nearly intoxicat-
ed with pleasure.  He plunged his tongue deep into her vagina, licking 
out the virgin cunt-juice he found there.  He forced his tongue deep 
into Cindy's cunt.  He ground his mouth against her swollen pussy lips. 
He sucked and swallowed her cunt-juice with incestuous delight. 

     "Billy!  Yes!  I'm coming!" Cindy called out.  "I'm comiinngg 
nowww!

     The young girl's hips bucked and spasmed under him.  He had to 
wrap his arms under her thighs to hold on.  Her cunt-juice flowed in 
copious spurts over his tongue and down his chin.  He lapped up all he 
could, savoring the sweet flavor his sister's virgin come.

     Cindy moaned softly and continuously, tossing her head from side 
to side on the pillow.  The force of this orgasm was greater than any
thing else she had ever experienced before in her life.  It left her 
panting, weak, and wanting more.

     Billy slowly stopped his licking of Cindy's cunt.  He watched with 
fascination and delight as his sister's cunt slowly stopped its spas-
modic contractions.  Billy didn't have a lot of experience with girls.  
In fact, none of the girls he had ever dated had ever let him do more 
than feel them up over their clothes.  He had never even seen a girl's 
breasts before Cindy's. And now, he was doing more than just seeing her 
breasts, more than just touching her cunt.  He was breaking her in.  He 
was turning his little sister into one of the hottest numbers in 
school.

     He relished the knowledge that he was introducing his sweet sister 
to the mysteries of sex one by one.  He knew he wouldn't stop until he 
had finished her initiation completely.


Two:

     Billy's cock was raging with unfulfilled lust.  He got up and 
stood next to the bed, gazing down at the lewd display his little sis-
ter presented to him.

     Cindy opened her eyes, her long lashes fluttering as she regained 
her composure.

     "Billy," she breathed.  "That was the best you ever did me."  Her 
pale blue eyes grew wide with surprise at the memory of the unexpected 
pleasure her big brother's tongue had given her.

     "Yeah," Billy leered down at her.  "Now it's your turn to do me 
the same way."

     Cindy looked up at him.  She wasn't used to Billy being so domi-
nant, so demanding.  They had endured the usual rivalries that siblings 
are wont to have.  Billy had always bested Cindy in sports and Cindy 
usually got better grades in school.  When both the children had en-
tered their teen-aged years their earlier animosity and competitiveness 
mellowed into a friendly acceptance of each other.  Now, more recently, 
that acceptance was replaced by a growing, mutual, incestuous desire.

     "I'll do you, Billy," Cindy said softly.  "Don't worry.  You know 
I like it when you come.  I just don't want to do the 'f-thing' with 
you; that would be bad."

     "The 'f-thing'," Billy mocked her.  "Ha!  You're such a scaredy-
cat you can't even say the word!  What makes you think I'd even want to 
fuck you anyway?"

     "Billy!  Be nice!" Cindy sat up on the bed and turned her face a-
way from her jeering older brother.  "It's so nice when we can be to-
gether like this, why do you have to spoil it?"

     He looked down at Cindy and immediately regretted being so 
thoughtless.  Cindy's pale shoulders shook slightly with repressed 
sobs.  He had really hurt her feelings.  All he had wanted to do was to 
shame her into being more sexually aggressive, or at least less ihhi-
bited.

     "Cindy, baby, I'm sorry."  He sat down next to her on the narrow 
bed and put his arm around her shoulders.  "I don't know what came over 
me."

     Cindy shook her head and twisted away from him.  Her soft blonde 
hair glistened in the afternoon sunlight as it fell forward, hiding her 
face from her brother's concerned gaze.

     Billy slipped off the bed and kneeled on the floor in front of 
Cindy.  He cupped her face in both his hands and forced her to turn and 
look at him.  Two shining rivulets of tears ran down Cindy's pink 
cheeks and dripped onto her flat, smooth belly.  Her firm little 
breasts, the size of grapefruits, jiggled slightly with each shaking 
breath the young girl took.  Her nipples had gotten soft and disap-
peared in the surrounding pink aureoles.  Her pussy, too, had returned 
to its unexcited state, the soft, pink lips were no longer swollen and 
the narrow slit was almost fully concealed beneath the wispy blonde pu
bic hairs.  Seeing her like that, frightened and vulnerable made Billy 
more determined than ever to have his way with her.  But he knew he 
would have to be careful and patient, so as not to frighten her away.

     "Cindy, please listen to me," he entreated, "I'm sorry.  Really, I 
am.  It's just that...I don't know, when you get me so excited like 
this...I guess I go a little crazy."

     Cindy allowed herself to look at him.  She really did love her big 
brother, more than anything or anyone else in the whole world, more 
than their parents, even, who never seemed to have any time for their 
two children anymore.

     "Billy, I love you, too," she said, wiping the tears away from her 
eyes. "But sometimes when you get mean like that...It scares me."

     "I know, baby," he said soothingly, "I'm sorry, I promise not to 
be like that again."

     He petted her hair as she sniffed back her tears and gave him a 
brave little smile.  He let his hand run down to her shoulder and then 
onto her breast.  She gave an involuntary shudder at the contact.  

     Billy placed his other hand on her other breast and squeezed them 
both, gently but firmly.  Immediately, Cindy's nipples began to harden. 
Her eyelids fluttered and she took in a long, shaking breath.

     "Oh, Billy," she said, softly.  "I love when you touch me."

     He leaned forward and placed his lips gently on first one pink 
nipple, then the next.  Cindy shuddered slightly at the erotic contact. 
She felt an electric thrill course through her as first one, then the 
other nipple stiffened and got hard between his lips. She felt his 
tongue play over the hard little tip and her pussy started getting wet 
again.

     "Cindy, please..." he stood up once more before her, his cock 
still rigid and sticking out in front of him.

     Cindy looked up at her big brother.  The two teen-agers looked al-
most enough alike to be twins, except that he was two years older than 
her fourteen and four inches taller than her five and a half feet.  She 
had grown soft, voluptuous curves where he had grown muscles.  They 
could have been a stylized Adam and Eve in a modern garden of Eden.

     "What, Billy?" Cindy asked, hesitantly.  His stiff cock hung just 
inches from her face but she was still unsure as to what he wanted her 
to do.

     "C'mon, Cindy!" Billy nearly wailed in frustration.  "You know...I 
did you with my mouth, now you do me the same way."

     "But, I don't know how, Billy."

     "Just kiss it, like I did for you."

     "Okay...I guess."

     The young girl leaned forward.  The musky scent of her brother's 
cock reached her nostrils and sent a thrill of incestuous lust through 
her.  The purple head was just inches from her lips.  She could see the 
blue, blood-engorged veins twisting in their serpentine paths around 
the thick, hard shaft.  It looked so hard, so hot, so...obscene.  She 
felt a nearly uncontrollable desire to finger her cunt and frig herself 
to another sweet orgasm just from looking at it.

     She reached up with her right hand and grasped the shaft gently in 
her fist.  Slowly, uncertainly, she leaned over and planted a quick, 
chaste kiss on the swollen tip.  At the touch of her lips, the massive 
cock twitched and throbbed in her grasp.  She pulled away from it, 
startled by its sudden, almost violent response to her kiss.

     "No, Cindy," Billy said.  "Really kiss it.  Use your tongue, like 
I did for you."

     She looked up at him.  Her big brother was so strong and handsome, 
she would do almost anything for him, anything he asked of her.  And 
although she had some reservations about going all the way with him, he 
made her feel so good when they were together that she was sure she 
would do it if he were to ask her nicely.

     She smiled up at him with a mischievous expression on her fact.  
"You mean like this?" she asked.

     She parted her lips slightly and let the bulbous head of his 
throbbing cock enter her mouth.  The taste of his sex-flesh excited her 
more than she thought it could.  Her eyes closed and her head swam.  
She felt dizzy and disoriented.  She held onto his cock as a drowning 
person would clutch a life-buoy.  As if of its own accord, her tongue 
sought and found the cock-head in her mouth and teased it.

     "Oh God, Cindy!" Billy cried.  No one had ever licked his cock be-
fore and it felt better than he could have imagined.  "Deeper, Cindy, 
honey, suck me deeper."

     Cindy didn't have to be told.  Her first taste of her brother's 
cock convinced her that she liked it and that she wanted more.  Eagerly 
she opened her lips wider and let all of his cock-head slide into her 
mouth.

     Billy gasped and lurched forward, instinctively trying to put even 
more of his cock into his sister's sweet young mouth.

     Cindy gagged slightly and retreated, pulling back from Billy's 
thrusting cock.  She kept a firm grip on it with her right hand, keep
ing Billy from shoving it completely down her throat, but at the same 
time she was very careful not to let the head slip out of her mouth.

     She held it there and started to swirl her tongue around the swol-
len head, enjoying the salty, musky flavor of this forbidden fruit.  
She swirled her tongue first one way, then the other, feeling the 
throbbing member grow even larger in her mouth as she did so.
   
     Billy groaned with pleasure.  Seeing his sweet young sister suck-
ing on his cock gave him almost as much pleasure as feeling her tongue 
licking it.  He struggled to keep his knees from buckling under him as 
Cindy continued on her maiden voyage in cock-sucking.

     "Yeah, Cindy, that's it, honey," Billy encouraged her in her ef-
forts.  "Now lick it some more, baby, not just the head."

     Cindy pulled her mouth from her brother's cock momentarily.  She 
stroked the shaft slowly with her right hand.  "What do you mean, Bil-
ly?" she asked, innocently.

     "You know what I mean, you little tease.  You know you like it.  
Now do me good, like I did you!"

     Cindy smiled up at her brother knowingly.  Her reservations and 
inhibitions were slowly disintegrating in the face of her new-found 
erotic lust.

     "You mean like this?" she asked coquettishly.  Lifting her broth-
er's cock with her right hand, she placed the tip of her tongue at the 
base of the shaft, right where his ball sack joined the penis.  She 
licked from the base to the tip in one long, continuous motion.

     "Oh, yeah, baby, like that," Billy moaned.  "Do it more."

     Obediently, when she got to the tip, Cindy ran her tongue down one 
side of his throbbing prick and then back up the other.  She held it 
like a popsicle and licked it all over, covering it with her saliva, 
leaving it slick and wet.  Up and down, licking around the pubic hair 
and flicking his balls with her tongue, Cindy teased her brother to the 
edge of ecstacy without taking him all the way to release.

     This was a new, exciting game for the teen-aged girl, one she knew 
immediately she was going to enjoy very much.  The feel and taste of a 
male organ in her mouth sent tingles of pleasure all through her body, 
but especially between her legs.

     "Now suck me deep, Cindy," Billy said, hoarsely.  "Suck me as deep 
as you can and I'll come in your mouth."

     Cindy needed no further encouragement or instruction.  Hungrily, 
she opened her mouth and let Billy's cock slide in.  She thrilled at 
the feel of his hot flesh passing between her lips.  She teased the 
swollen head with her tongue, savoring the now familiar musky taste of 
his sex.

     "That's good, baby," Billy groaned.  "That's really good.  You're 
gonna be a really good little cock-sucker."

     Cindy was hardly listening.  The blood pounded in her ears and 
made her head swim.  Her cunt was wet and itching.  Her excitement was 
growing along with billy's.

     "Deeper, baby, deeper," Billy groaned.

     Cindy dropped her right hand to her cunt.  With practiced famil-
iarity her forefinger found her clit and started rubbing it.  The soft 
heat of her orgasm quickly reasserted itself and began growing deep in 
her loins.  Her pussy was still wet with Billy's saliva and her own 
come-juice.  Her clit slipped around under her finger, almost too slimy 
for her to frig.  She fingered it as best she could, relishing its 
erotic slipperiness.

     "Rub my balls, baby," Billy said.

     Obediently, Cindy cupped Billy's huge scrotum in her left hand.  
His balls felt heavy and full in her small hand.  She could imagine the 
load of creamy come they contained.  She wanted to taste it.  She want-
ed to feel it filling her mouth.

     "That's it, baby, that's it.  I'm almost there," Billy moaned.

     Frantically, Cindy bobbed her head up and down on her brother's 
cock.  She sucked it as hard as she could, forcing her head down on it, 
taking as much of the rigid shaft into her mouth as she could.

     Billy's breathing was becoming labored.  He gasped and moaned as 
Cindy sucked his prick.  Amazingly, his prick seemed to grow even big
ger as she sucked on it.  She couldn't get it all in her mouth.  She 
had to open her jaw wider; it stretched her lips apart. The big, bul-
bous head pressed against the back of her throat, threatening to choke 
her if she weren't careful.

     "Here it comes, Cindy, don't let go of it," Billy groaned, his 
voice thick with lust.

     Cindy was in an ecstacy of incestuous pleasure.  She sucked hard 
on her brother's prick, trying to draw his come from him into her 
mouth.  She gently squeezed his balls in her left hand, as if to force 
the come out and into her mouth.  With her right hand she frantically 
fingered her hard little clit.

     "Yeah, baby, yeah, baby, yeah, yeah," Billy gasped, nearly inco-
herent with orgasmic pleasure.

     Billy's prick pulsed and throbbed in Cindy's wet sucking mouth. 
First one, then another and another spurt of milky come erupted from 
his thrusting cock.

     Cindy moaned with fulfilled lust.  Billy's come was thick and 
sweet on her tongue.  She swallowed it as fast as she could.  The musky 
flavor filled her mouth and made her dizzy with drunken pleasure.  
Immediately, she felt her own orgasm approach and then quickly arrive.  
Waves of hot, liquid pleasure coursed through her belly and down to her 
cunt.  Her own pussy-juice poured thick and warm from her cunt over her 
hand.

     "Suck it, baby,!" Billy rasped.  "Drink it all, don't spill any!"

     Cindy didn't have to be told.  She didn't want to waste a drop of 
Billy's delicious come.  She wanted to drink it all, and more.  She 
swallowed hungrily, avidly, taking as much of the thick liquid into her 
mouth as she could.

     It was more than the young girl could hold, however.  Thick rivu-
lets of sperm ran from the corners of her pretty little mouth and 
dripped from her chin onto her plump young breasts.  She gulped and 
swallowed as quickly as she could, drinking the incestuous scum with a 
lecherous pleasure that surprised and delighted her.  Finally, when she 
had sucked her brother's prick dry and her own orgasm had abated, Cindy 
let go of Billy's cock and lay back on the bed.

     With her right hand she was still idly fingering her cunt.  With 
her left she smeared the drops of Billy's come around her on her 
breasts, enjoying the sticky, slimy feel of it.  Billy still stood be-
fore her.  His cock was still long and half hard, but now it hung down 
between his thighs, wet and shiny from his come and her saliva.  Cindy 
licked her lips, savoring the last few drops of her brother's sperm 
that still hung there.

     Cindy was in a heaven of delight and wonder at her new-found sexu-
al power and capacity.  She was able to make her big brother come in 
her mouth!  She was able to satisfy his desire and her own at the same 
time!  Cindy knew at that point that she had found the ultimate in sex-
ual pleasure.  She wanted nothing more than to do this as much and as 
often as she could.

Three:

     Two weeks earlier, Cindy had been introduced to the mysteries 
of sex and incest by her big brother Billy.  One afternoon Cindy had 
come home from school early.  Her physical education class had been 
scheduled to participate in an intra-mural track meet but the meet 
had been canceled because of rain.  So, unexpectedly and with noth
ing to do, Cindy had arrived home a full two hours ahead of her usu
al time.

     Putting her schoolbooks down on the kitchen counter, Cindy 
quietly headed up the stairs to her bedroom.  She was moving slowly, 
deep in thought.  She was thinking about how disappointed she was 
that the track meet had been canceled.  However, her disappointment 
wasn't just over the contest, she realized.  She had also been look
ing forward to changing clothes with the other girls in the locker 
room, and then showering with them after the meet.

     Cindy had only recently begun to blossom into womanhood.  Other 
girls in her class had begun developing already.  Marla Brown had 
even started wearing a bra last year.  Some of the kids had accused 
her of wearing falsies but Cindy knew Marla's breasts were real.  
Marla had her gym locker right next to Cindy's and Cindy had the op
portunity to watch Marla develop from flat-chested pre-pubescence 
into succulent, ripe, near-womanhood.

     With growing dismay, Cindy saw her own breasts remain flat, un
distinguished little mounds, while Marla's quickly grew into lus-
cious, melon-sized breasts with hard pink nipples right in the cen
ter of each.  Then, suddenly, miraculously, in the course of one 
summer vacation, Cindy's breasts had begun to develop also.

     That September, when she returned to school, Cindy took advan
tage of every opportunity that afforded itself to compare her 
breasts with the other girls.  Hers were not the biggest breasts in 
the school, she didn't want that, but they were among the best 
shaped and best proportioned among all the others.  Cindy was very 
proud of them.

     That was why Cindy was feeling disappointed that afternoon.  
She had hoped to use that opportunity to compare herself with the 
girls in the other classes, girls she normally didn't have the op
portunity to change clothes or shower with.  Now, it seemed, she 
might never have that opportunity and she would have to just guess 
what they looked like under their clothes.

     She was also aware, even though it was only a vary faint aware-
ness, that the idea of seeing those other girls with their clothes 
off made her sexually excited.  The first time she had gotten a-
roused was one afternoon after gym class when she and Marla were 
getting out of their gym suits.

     "Oh, darn it!"  Marla's back was turned to Cindy.

     "What's wrong, Marla?" Cindy asked.

     "It's this stupid bra," Marla said, turning to face her friend.

     Marla was about five feet, four inches tall, a little shorter 
than Cindy.  Both girls had fair skin and slender bodies and could 
almost be taken for sisters.  They both had pert little noses set 
above wide, full-lipped mouths.  Each had a naturally innocent, ex
pectant look on her face.  However, Cindy's hair was pale, honey-
colored blonde and her eyes ice-blue while Marla's hair was fiery 
red and her eyes mischievous green.

     Marla held the bra in question out for Cindy to have a better 
look at it.  Both girls had finished their showers and were getting 
dressed.  Cindy was already buttoning her blouse but Marla had so 
far only put on her panties.

     "I don't know what's wrong with it," Marla explained.  "When I 
try to hook it in back, it pinches me in front.  Can you help me, 
please?"

     "Sure," Cindy replied, a little uncertainly.  "What do you 
want me to do?"

     Marla looked her long and steady in the eye before answering.  
The delay made Cindy think that she wanted to say something other 
than what she finally did say.

     "See if you can hold it down under my boobies while I hook it."

     "Sure."  Cindy held down the bottom edge of the bra.

     "No, it's still pinching me," Marla complained, "see if you 
can fix it."

     Obediently, Cindy slipped her fingers under the white material 
and pushed her friend's breasts up and out the way.  The contact of 
her fingers against the soft flesh sent electric shocks through her. 
She felt her cheeks glow red.  She cast her eyes down, not wanting 
to let her friend see the excitement and uncertainty she had a-
roused.

     "That's better, thanks, Cindy," Marla said as she hooked the 
bra straps together behind her back.  The motion made her breasts 
stick out provocatively in front of her.

     Cindy couldn't take her eyes off her friend's voluptuous body.  
She even thought she could see Marla's nipples get hard and stiff 
beneath the soft fabric of her bra.

     Cindy had heard about lesbians, women who liked other women and 
not men, but she never thought of herself as one.  That incident 
with Marla, although never repeated, had made her doubt and wonder 
about her own sexuality.  Cindy thought she liked boys.  She had 
never dated one, it was true, nor had she ever kissed or even 
touched one, but she always had thought that it was just a matter of 
time.  She was still young, she told herself, practically still a 
kid.  She still had plenty of time.

     Besides, all the boys in her class were still just that, boys.  
They were all too immature to be taken seriously.  And all the older 
boys, well, Cindy guessed, they just hadn't gotten around to notic
ing her yet, that was all, she told herself.

     Such were the thoughts that were swimming through Cindy's mind 
that afternoon as she climbed the stairs to her room.  She walked 
down the hall, lost in wondering about herself and other girls, her
self and boys, and just herself and sex, when she heard what she 
thought were strange noises coming from Billy's room.

     She couldn't tell what the noises were.  It sounded as if he 
were sick or exercising, or both.  She could hear him groaning as if 
he were in pain, but at the same time he was panting as if he were 
working out or something like that.

     Quietly, Cindy crept down the hall to her big brother's room. 
the door was slightly ajar and she put her eye to the crack so she 
could see inside.  What she saw was like nothing she had ever seen 
or imagined before.

     Billy was lying on his back on his bed.  His pants were around 
his knees and his right hand was on his crotch.  In his left hand he 
held a magazine.  Even from across the room, Cindy could see he was 
looking at pictures of naked women.

     Billy's right hand started to move and Cindy watched in fasci-
nation.  Billy was masturbating himself!  Cindy had seen him mastur
bating once before but she had been too scared to say or do anything 
about it at the time.  She had started playing with herself down 
there between her legs, but she didn't know what she was doing, only 
that it felt good.

     Even to her totally inexperienced eyes, Billy's cock looked es
pecially long and thick.  The helmet shaped head was the size and 
color of a ripe plum.  Billy's hand moved up and down, pulling the 
loose skin over the thick shaft in a steady rhythm.

     Cindy stared as if she were hypnotized.  She felt rooted to the 
spot.  She couldn't have left if she had wanted to, and she didn't 
want to.  A new sensation was coursing through her body, one she had 
never felt before.

     Cindy felt fluttery in her stomach, like butterflies only more 
intense.  At the same time she felt her knees get rubbery and a sen
sation of great heat began to grow in her thighs.  Her little pussy 
was hot and itchy.  She felt she had to touch it, rub it, do some
thing to relieve the burning itch that was growing there.

     She pulled her skirt up to her waist and slipped her hand in
side her panties.  Her fingers moved down her flat belly and found 
the few wisps of pubic hair that had started to grow on her still 
undeveloped pube.

     Involuntarily, Cindy gasped with pleasure.  She had never de
liberately touched herself there before.  Only when she was washing 
herself or drying off after a shower had she ever touched her pri
vate spot.  Well, except when she had to dry herself after taking a 
pee, but that didn't count, it was too dirty.

     This was dirty, too, she thought.  But the thought did not stop 
her.  She was too excited by what she saw her big brother doing to 
be able to stop herself from doing the same thing to herself.

     Cindy's left hand moved under her panties to join her right 
one.  With the first and second fingers of her left hand, she spread 
open her little pussy lips and with the middle finger of her right 
hand she explored the soft, virgin folds within.

     Involuntarily, she caught her breath, making a sharp gasping 
noise.  She had never thought that simply touching herself could 
feel so good.  She closed her eyes, savoring the new sensation.  But 
when she opened them, Billy was standing at the door, glowering at 
her.

     "What the hell do you think you're doing, you little sneak?"

     "I...I..." was all Cindy could manage to stammer.

     They stood there like that for only a moment or two, Billy with 
his dirty magazine in one hand and his cock in the other, his pants 
still around his ankles, and Cindy with her skirt up and both hands 
inside her panties.  Finally, they both laughed.  The scene was too 
funny to be taken seriously.

     Soon, they were both lying together on Billy's bed, naked.  At 
first, Cindy had felt a little self-conscious about undressing in 
front of her brother but Billy's easy confidence had won her over.

     Without saying anything or even waiting to see how she felt 
about it, Billy had calmly stripped out of his clothing.  He kicked 
off his shoes and stepped out of his pants and undershorts.  Then he 
sat on the edge of his bed and pulled off his socks.  Finally he 
pulled his shirt off over his head and lay down on his back.

     Cindy sat immobile, watching his every move.  She was painfully 
aware of how much more mature he was than she.  His firm body was 
finely muscled and perfectly proportioned.  There wasn't a single 
hair on his chest or stomach, but a thick bushy growth of fine brown 
hair framed his rigid cock and half covered the tight, wrinkled 
ball-sack below.

     Billy put his hand behind his head and looked at Cindy expect-
antly.

     "Now it's your turn, Sis," he said.  "Get undressed."

     Shyly, almost reluctantly, Cindy stood up from the bed.  With 
trembling fingers she removed her blouse and skirt.  Then she bent 
over and took off her shoes and socks.

     Billy could see the shape of her firm young breasts within her 
bra when she bent over.  He licked his lips.  He hadn't planned on 
introducing his little sister to sex, but now that it was happening 
he was sure he would enjoy it.

     Cindy stopped undressing and just stood there for a moment, 
nervous, unsure of herself, not knowing whether she should continue 
or just leave.  There was something about this that was wrong, she 
knew.  Sex was something that she had heard a little about but not 
enough to understand what was happening.  Sex, however, was some
thing that married people did together, or maybe boyfriends and 
girlfriends did if they were really in love.  But brothers and sis
ters weren't supposed to do it.  She was sure that was called incest 
and that it was wrong.  But something else, she couldn't say exactly 
what, was drawing her on, compelling her to do exactly what Billy 
wanted her to do.  Something was making her like the strange, flut
tery feeling she had in her stomach.

     "Come on, Cindy," Billy urged her, "strip.  I got naked for 
you.  I want to see you naked, too."

     With a shy little smile on her pretty pink lips, Cindy reached 
behind her and unhooked her bra.  She pulled the white cotton mate
rial away from her chest and let it drop to the floor.  She took a 
deep breath and straightened up, pulling her shoulders back to ac
centuate the high roundness of her firm young breasts.

     Billy drew in his breath.  Cindy's tits were even prettier and 
better shaped than he could have hoped.  They were perfect twin 
hemispheres, standing high and proud on her chest.  The nipples were 
hard and pink and perfectly centered in their crinkled pink 
aureoles.

     "Come on," Billy said, almost in a whisper, hypnotized by his 
sister's beauty, "the panties, too.  I want you totally naked."

     Cindy trembled slightly.  Something about the way Billy was 
looking at her, something about the way he said "naked" excited her. 
She looked at his cock.  It was still stiff and hard between his 
legs.  It twitched as she looked at it.  It seemed to be beckoning 
her on.  She hooked her thumbs under the waist band of her panties 
and slowly pulled them down.  Slowly and for the first time, Cindy's 
virgin pussy came into view before a boy.  A few wisps of blonde 
hair half covered the soft outer lips of her cunt.  As she exposed 
her private parts, Cindy felt her little clitoris begin to throb and 
stiffen.  Flushed with embarrassment as well as excitement, Cindy 
lowered her eyes, hoping that Billy couldn't see how excited she 
was.  When Billy didn't say or do anything she looked back up and 
continued her self-conscious disrobing.

     Cindy watched her brother as she stripped for him.  His eyes 
were fixed on her crotch.  She wriggled her hips slightly as she 
pulled her panties down.  Billy's cock twitched and seemed to grow 
even bigger as she did so.  Billy liked what she was doing!  She 
didn't know how or why, but somehow she was getting her big brother 
as excited as he had gotten her.  This awareness gave her a sense of 
power that she had never experienced before, and she liked it!

     Finally, Cindy was as naked as Billy.  She walked over to the 
bed and lay down on it next to her big brother.  She shivered 
slightly and covered her breasts with her hands.  She looked at Bil
ly expectantly and then moved her hands back down to her sides.

     Billy licked his lips and gazed raptly at his sister as she 
slowly exposed her naked ness to his lecherous gaze.  She might be 
virgin, he thought, and she might be scared, but she was a natural 
sex-kitten and he was going to enjoy breaking her in, slowly, one 
step at a time, until she begged him for more.

     "I guess it's time you learned about sex, Cindy," Billy said. 
"This is my cock.  Do you want to touch it?" 

     Cindy didn't say anything, she was too nervous.  She just 
stared at the massive tool that sprouted out from between her broth
er's legs like a miniature baseball bat.

     "Don't be scared, Cindy," Billy reassured the timid young girl. 
"It won't bite."

     Tentatively, she reached out and touched it.  The velvety flesh 
felt incongruously soft to her touch, and hot, hotter than any other 
flesh she had ever felt, except for the heat she had felt in her own 
pussy just moments before.

     Cindy's soft, cool fingers grasped Billy's cock just below the 
head.  It twitched convulsively in her small hand.  Frightened she 
pulled back.

     "What's the matter, Cindy?  Scared?"  Billy's voice was 
jeering, shaming her into continuing against her moral instincts.

     "No, I'm not scared," the young girl lied.  "It just surprised 
me, that's all."

     "Do you know what I was doing?" Billy asked.

     Cindy said nothing.  She looked alternately from her brother's 
handsome face to his rigid cock.  She held it in her tiny fist as 
she had seen him doing and gently pulled the soft skin up and down 
over the stiff shaft.

     "It's called jerking off," Billy said, ignoring her silence.  
"I was jerking off.  Do you want to know why?"

     "Why?"  Cindy's voice was barely audible.  She was completely 
engrossed in Billy's cock now.  It was the most fascinating thing 
she had ever seen.  She wanted to learn all she could about it.  
There was something about it, she didn't know what, that made her 
feel all funny between her legs.  She had a nearly overpowering urge 
to touch her pussy again.  She didn't know why, only that she wanted 
to.

     "When a guy jerks off," Billy continued, "he makes his sperm 
shoot out.  It's called come, jizz, scum, and a lot of other things. 
When it squirts out, that's called coming.  It feels real good. 
Would you like to see me come, Cindy?"

     "Sure, I guess," the girl replied.

     "Okay, only, you'll have to do it for me," he said.

     "What do you mean?"

     "I mean you'll have to jerk me off if you want to see me come.  
It feels a lot better to have girl do it than to do it myself."

     "But I don't know how, Billy."

     "Well, I'll show you, Cindy.  That's what big brothers are for. 
You just grab a hold of it like this..."  He took her hand and 
placed in on the shaft of his throbbing cock.  "Then you move it up 
and down like this..."  He guided Cindy's small fist in a gentle 
rhythm.

     "Wait, Billy, it's hard for me to reach you like this and I 
can't see."

     "Well, then move so you can reach me."

     Cindy settled herself comfortably at her brother's side.  She 
sat cross-legged at his hips facing his crotch.  She took his cock 
in her right hand.  She could hardly reach her fingers around the 
thick, swollen shaft.

     "That's good, baby," Billy said.  "Now jerk me off like I 
showed you."

     Cindy moved her hand up and down on her brother's prick, moving 
the loose skin in a gentle steady rhythm.

     "Yeah, that's it, Cindy, that's it," Billy moaned.  "I'm gonna 
come for you, just like you want me to."

     Cindy stared at Billy's cock, fascinated by it, and by the pow
er she had over it.  She loved the feel of the soft, velvety skin 
moving over the steel-hard shaft.  As she moved her hand faster, she 
saw the bulbous head grow bigger and even more swollen with each 
stroke.

     She gripped the shaft tighter and slowed the movements of her 
hand.  She held this cock just below he purple helmet and squeezed.  
Billy moaned and tossed his head from side to side on the pillow.  A 
drop of clear liquid appeared at the piss-hole.  With her left fore-
finger, Cindy touched the droplet.  It was hot and oily to her 
touch.  She smeared it around Billy's swollen cock-head.  The slimy, 
oily feel of it excited her even more.

     "Is this scum, Billy?" she asked in her high, piping voice.

     "Not yet, Cindy," Billy moaned.  "Keep pumping.  Keep jerking 
me off.  I'll give you my jizz, lots of it.  I'll come for you, Cin-
dy, just jerk me some more, I'm almost there."

     Cindy renewed her pumping with enthusiasm.  Seeing Billy in 
such transports of pleasure thrilled her as she had never been 
thrilled before.  She felt her pussy getting hot and wet just watch
ing him.  Feeling him in her hand gave her even greater pleasure.

     "Are you coming yet, Billy?" she asked breathlessly.  "Come for 
me now, Billy," she urged him.

     "Yes, Cindy, yes!" Billy gasped.

     His cock erupted in Cindy's hand.  Great white streams of come 
shot from his prick and flew through the air.  One hit Cindy in the 
cheek, another landed on her breast and a third splattered on her 
thigh.  Cindy squealed with pleasure at seeing the physical evidence 
of the success of her ministrations to her brother's desires.

     Billy kept moaning and coming.  Drops of come splashed on his 
chest and stomach and thighs.  Cindy's hand was covered with the 
hot, milky fluid but she kept on pumping his prick anyway.  She kept 
milking her brother's cock until he had no more come to give her.



Four:

     "That was good, Cindy," Billy said, wiping the jizz from his
chest with a handkerchief.  "Are you sure you've never done that for
anyone before?"

     "That was the first time, Billy, honest," the teenager replied.
"Was I really good?"

     "You sure were, Cindy.  You were so good, I'm going to give you
a treat.  I'm going to do the same for you."

     "Okay," the young girl said, eagerly.  "Will I squirt scum,
too?"

     Billy almost gasped in surprise at his sister's naivete.

     "You mean you've never had an orgasm?" he asked, incredulous.

     "I don't know...I mean...I guess not," she stammered.

     "Well, if you don't know then you haven't.  If you had, there
wouldn't be any question about it in your mind."

     "Then I haven't, Billy," the girl said.  Then she added eager-
ly, "But I want to have one.  Please give me an orgasm now."

     "But you were playing with yourself when I saw you," her broth
er said, pulling her down on the bed to lie beside him.  "Why were
you doing that if you've never come?"

     Cindy knitted her brows in thought.  She hadn't given any
thought to what she had been doing, she was only following her
instincts.

     "I don't know why, Billy," she finally said.  "When I saw you
pulling on your thing like that, it...I don't know...it made me feel
all funny inside...and itchy...down there.  I just had to touch it,
it felt really good when I did."

     "I'll bet it'll feel even better when I touch it for you."

     Slowly, Billy reached over and placed his hand over his sis
ter's crotch.  She sucked her breath in sharply at his touch.  It
seemed to send an electric shock through her whole body.

     "Does it?" he asked.  "Does it feel as good as when you touched
it, does it feel better?"

     "Oh, Billy," Cindy sighed, her voice quaking with excitement.
"It feels wonderful!~"

     "This is nothing, Cindy," Billy said, confidently.  "I'll make
you feel things you never even imagined."

                            *     *     *

     The young girl trembled inside.  This was her first initiation
into the mysteries of sex.  She knew that boys and girls did things
together.  She knew that lovers kissed and touched each other in
private places, but that was all she knew.  She had no idea what it
was exactly that they did.  She had heard kids at school whispering
and laughing about "making out" on dates.  She knew some girls were
"easy" and some boys were "hunks", but she hadn't a clue as to what
any of that meant.

     She had wanted to experiment, just like any other girl her age,
but, like many other girls, she was shy.  The fact that she was a
little late in developing made her even more shy.  Cindy watched
other girls in her class develop into rip young adolescence.  She
had stood by in sad frustration when other girls started wearing
bras and tight skirts and pants, showing off their figures like
trophies.

     Cindy had no figure to show off.  She remained flat-chested and
dateless while other girls giggled and flirted and were taken to
movies and on picnics, leaving her behind with no one to talk to or
commiserate with.

     Then, last summer, finally, Cindy began to grow.  One day when
she was taking a shower, Cindy happened to notice that her nipples
were every sensitive.  She was rubbing her chest with soap when her
hand passed over her nipple, a tingle went through her, a sensation
she had never experienced before.  She looked down to see that her
nipples, which had been nothing more than two tiny pink buds, had
gotten much bigger.  Seemingly overnight, they had grown from the
size of dimes to that of silver dollars, and they stood out from her
chest slightly, as if they were puffy or swollen.

     Fascinated, Cindy ran her fingers over her nipples.  They tin
gled and sent a slight shudder through her.  She picked up the soap
again and made her fingers all slippery.  Then she touched her nip
ples again, this time using just her fingertips.  She teased her
nipples, drawing them out from her chest and twisting them a little
at their centers.

     Quickly, in response to her self-fondling, the tips of her nip
ples became hard and began to protrude from the center.  The sur
rounding flesh, the aureoles, grew crinkly and puckered.  The deli
cious sensations increased and became more intense.  Cindy's breath
ing became slower, more labored.  Something new was happening.  She
didn't know exactly what it was but she knew that she was finally
growing up and that this was an important part of it.

     She might have played with herself to the point of giving her
self her first orgasm that first time in the shower, but Billy had
interrupted her by pounding on the door and insisting that she hurry
up and let somebody else use the bathroom for a change.

     Then, as the weeks went by, Cindy was amazed and delighted at
the changes that quickly overtook her fine young body.  Her nipples
continued to grow and swell.  The flesh beneath them also grew and
filled out until she found herself endowed with full firm breasts.
They were round and high on her chest like two halves of grape-
fruits, and in the center of each, a firm, pink nipple poked out its
sensitive tip.

     Cindy noticed too that her hips were growing as well.  Instead
of the slim, almost boyish figure that she had all of her life, Cin
dy saw that she was beginning to develop the hips and legs of a wo-
man.  Her dungarees, which she still wore every day, fitted her more
tightly than they ever had before.  Her buttocks became firm and
round just as her breasts had, and now her jeans stretched tightly
across them, clearly outlining the succulent ass-cheeks within.

     Each night when she went to bed, Cindy would finger her nip-
ples, her new toys, teasing them to exciting hardness, reveling in
the delicious, sexy feelings her ministrations gave her.

     One night, while she was thus playing with herself, twisting 
her nipples between her thumbs and forefingers, making them stand 
up stiff and hard in the centers of her breasts, she felt a strange 
new sensation.  A kind of warm, itchy feeling made itself known be
tween her legs.  Cindy squirmed and rubber her thighs together.  
This was something new, something she had never experienced before. 
She let one hand roam down her body to her crotch.  There, much to 
her surprise, she felt the beginnings of soft, downy pubic hair be
ginning to grow.

     With rising anticipation, Cindy ran her fingers through the 
silky growth.  It felt good to touch herself there.  She pulled the 
covers back and raised her night-dress above the waist.  She saw 
her pussy as if for the first time.  The lips were pink and swollen, 
there were drops of moisture oozing out from between them.  Startled 
and a little afraid, the young girl pushed her night-dress back down 
and pulled the covers back up to her chin.  She was excited, but at 
the same time she was frightened.  She wanted to continue exploring 
these new developments but for some unknown reason she felt that she 
shouldn't.  Something in her told her to stop, to wait.  Somehow she 
knew she would rather have someone else lead her along this path of 
exploration, but she didn't know who that would be.

     At the same time, Cindy noticed that she was growing hair in 
unexpected places on her body.  The soft peach-fuzz on her legs grew 
darker and coarser, requiring her to begin shaving her legs.  This 
pleases her almost as much as her newly grown breasts.  Not that it 
felt good, but because it was an outward confirmation of her 
maturity.  It was something that she could talk to her girlfriends 
about openly and without embarrassment.  Everything else about her 
development, her breasts and the new sensation they gave her, she 
was more reticent about.  For some reason that she could not 
understand, she was reluctant to talk about sex to anyone, not her 
girlfriends, of whom she was still slightly jealous for having de
veloped faster than her, and certainly not to the boys she knew.  
They would never understand, she felt sure.  They would probably 
just tease her and make her feel even more uncomfortable than she 
already did.

                            *     *     *     

     Billy's fingers moved gently on his sister's crotch.  He played 
with her silky pubic hair, twisting it gently around his fingers.

     "Oh, Billy," Cindy sighed, "you're right, that does feel better 
than anything I've ever felt before."

     She sighed and closed her eyes.  She felt good and safe and 
warm.  She was happy that she had waited to have someone else do 
this for her.  She would never have guessed that it would be her 
brother, though.  Billy had always been so...so impatient with her, 
so much like a mean old big brother that she never thought he could 
be so gentle and understanding as he was now.

     "It'll feel even better, Sis," Billy said, "just you wait."

     He leaned over and looked at his younger sister, his lust ris-
ing.  Her eyes were closed, a look of happy anticipation on her 
face.  Her firm young breasts rose and fell with each breath.  Her 
flat tummy quivered as he ran his fingers over her virgin cunt.

     Bending down, Billy placed his face right over Cindy's breast, 
the one nearest him.  He puckered his lips and gently kissed it.  
Then he flicked the nipple with his tongue.

     "Oh!" she gasped.

     Then he licked around the nipple, feeling the aureole crinkle 
and pucker beneath his tongue.

     Cindy began to breathe more quickly.  Her chest rose and fell, 
pressing her breast into her brother's face.  Billy parted hips lips 
and let the nipple slip into his mouth.  He ran his tongue around 
the hard little tip, exciting it even more.

     "Oh, Billy," Cindy moaned.  "Do that some more, it feels so 
good."

     He sucked, drawing Cindy's nipple into his hot, lusting mouth. 
He nibbled gently around the aureole, making Cindy gasp and squirm 
with delight.  He teased the nipple with his tongue, flicking it 
back and forth over his sister's taut young flesh.

     "Billy, Billy, Billy," Cindy wrapped her arms around her broth
er's head, holding him against her breast, not wanting to let him 
go, not wanting him to stop giving her these wonderful new sensa-
tions.

     "Do the other one, Billy," she said, eagerly, "do the other 
one, too."

     He raised his head and let her nipple slip from his mouth with 
a wet, slurping sound.  It quivered there, glistening with his sali-
va.  Then he leaned over and started working on her other one.

     First he kissed her breast.  He kissed around the circumfer-
ence, nibbling on her resilient young flesh with his lips and teeth. 
Gradually he worked his way in to the center, making a slow, wet 
spiral of nibbles and licks.

     Cindy was in a daze.  Her breath was coming in shallow, ragged 
gasps.  The blood pounded in her ears.  Her mouth hung open, her 
lips were dry.  Her mind was centered on her left breast, nothing 
else in the world mattered, just her aching, quivering breast, and 
her brother's hot, questing mouth.

     "Do it, Billy," she urged him, "Suck it like you did the other 
one."

     Billy held back.  As much as he wanted to suck his little sis
ter's breasts, he liked hearing her beg for it.  It gave him a sense 
of power and control.  He would suck her tit all right. He would 
suck more than just her tit.  He would do more to her and for her 
than she knew or could imagine, but when he was ready, and not be-
fore.

     He moved his mouth away from Cindy's rigid nipple.  He buried 
his face between her soft breast mounds and kissed her there, enjoy
ing the feel of her soft, hot flesh on his face.

     Cindy moaned with frustration.  Billy was being mean to her.  
She had jerked him off and given him what he wanted.  Now he was 
teasing her, denying her the satisfaction that he had promised her.

     Still holding his head in her arms, Cindy pulled Billy's head 
back to her left breast and jammed her nipple against his mouth.

     "Come on, Billy," she pleaded, "please suck on it."

     "Suck on what, Cindy?" he asked, teasing her, his voice muffled 
by her breasts.

     "You know," she said.

     "Yeah, I know, but I want to hear you say it.  Suck on what."

     Cindy hesitated.  She had never used dirty language before.  
She wasn't even sure what it was exactly that he wanted her to say.

     "Say it, Cindy," he commanded her.  "If you don't say it, I 
won't do it."

     "Suck on my tittie, Billy, please suck on my tittie!"

     Billy opened his mouth and sucked as hard as he could.  Cindy 
gasped with pleasure.  He sucked fully half of her breast into his 
mouth and held it there.  The skin was stretched tight, pressing a-
gainst the hard ridge of his teeth.  He ran his tongue around the 
rigid nipple, teasing it mercilessly.

     Still holding onto her brother's head with her right arm, Cindy 
placed her left hand over his where it rested on her crotch.  She 
pressed it down, forcing him to rub her pussy.  The friction sent 
jolts of pleasure through her, sensations so much better than the 
ones she had give herself that there was no comparison.

     This was what she wanted.  This was what she had asked for, 
and it was better than she had dared to hope for.

     "Oh, Billy!" Cindy cried out.  "Billy, I think I'm going to...I 
think I am...Oh, Billy, I am!"

     Cindy's whole body began to tremble uncontrollably.  Her chest 
heaved.  She tossed her head from side to side.  Her hips jerked 
spasmodically.  Waves of hot, liquid pleasure coursed through every 
fiber of her being.  She felt her pussy muscles contracting rhythmi
cally and she began rubbing herself up and down against her broth
er's hand, still pressed firmly against her cunt.

     "Billy, I'm coming!" she cried out in ecstacy.  "You did it!  
I'm coming, I'm commminnnggg, I'm commmminnnnngggg!"

     After what seemed like an eternity of pleasure, the crisis 
slowly passed.  The overpowering waves of lust gradually subsided, 
leaving her spent, seating, transformed forever from an innocent 
young girl to a lusting, libidinous teen-ager.


Five:

     "That was wonderful, Billy," Cindy sighed.  "You were right, I
never imagined anything could feel so good."

     Billy smiled down at his sister.  Her voluptuous young body seemed
to glow with sexual satisfaction.

     "I told you you'd like it, Cindy," he said, "and I have even more
in store for you, lots more."

     Cindy sat up and put her arms around her brother's neck.  She
kissed him affectionately on the cheek.

     "Oh, Billy, thank you."  She kissed him again and buried her face
in his shoulder.  "But...let's not go too fast, okay?  I mean...I don't
know what I mean...it's just that...I'm feeling a little scared now."

     "What's there to be scared of, silly?" Billy asked, stroking his
sister's hair.

     "I don't know...it's just...what we did, wasn't that incest?" she
asked.

     "That depends on how you define incest," he said.  "And even if it
were incest, what's wrong with that?"

     "But...incest is when you make love with somebody you're related
to.  And that's what we just did, wasn't it?  And incest is wrong,
isn't it?"  she stammered.

     "Who says so?"

     "Why, everybody says so, don't they?"

     "Cindy," Billy laughed gently, "you really don't know much, do
you?"

     "Well, I haven't had much experience, no," she said, averting her
eyes from her brother's gaze.  "In fact, I hadn't had any experience at
all...until today."

     "Well, first of all, Sis, what we did wasn't making love.  We were
just fooling around a little."

     "Really?" she asked, her face lighting up with relief.  "What we
did, is that what the kids mean when they talk about making out?"

     "Yeah, that's right," he said, "we were just making out."

     "So, what's making love, then?" she asked, looking puzzled.

     "Making love, he said, smiling, is when I put this..." he placed
Cindy's hand on his cock, "into this..." he placed his own hand on her
cunt.

     "Oh, I get it."  The light of understanding began dawning in her
eyes.  "And making love is the same as, as...fucking?"  Her voice
dropped to a barely audible whisper.

     "Yes, making love is the same as fucking," he laughed.  "What's
the matter, are you afraid to say it?"

     "Well, no, it's just that I don't like it, talking dirty, I mean.
I like making out...with you that is."

     "There's nothing wrong with talking dirty, Cindy," he said, look
ing her straight in the eye.  "Words can't hurt you.  Besides, I like
it when you talk dirty.  I like hearing dirty words coming out of your
pretty little mouth."

     "Well, I don't like it," she said pulling away from him.  She re
moved her hand from his prick and took his away from her crotch.  Then
she looked back up at him from beneath lowered eyelashes, a mischievous
glint in her eye.  "Not all the time, anyway," she added, coyly.

     The two teen-aged children sat on the bed, looking at each other's
nakedness.  Cindy felt that it was time for her to leave her brother's
bedroom, but she didn't want to, not yet anyway.  There was still more
she wanted to learn from her big brother, and yet more that she wanted
to do with him.

     "So, why do you say that incest isn't necessarily wrong?" she
asked.  "Everybody else says it is."

     Billy leaned back against the wall.  He knew he would have to be
careful, go slow take his time.  He wanted to fuck his little sister,
he wanted to fuck her more than he had ever wanted anything before in
his life, but he knew he would have to wait until she was ready.  He
didn't want to spoil it by scaring her.  If he scared her too badly, he
might never get the opportunity to fuck her, and Billy was determined
to fuck his sister.

     "In ancient times," he began, "the Egyptians always practiced
incest.  In the royal families brothers and sisters practically always
married each other, that's how they kept the political power for
themselves."

     "But we're not royalty," Cindy retorted.  "We're not even Egypt-
ian."

     "No," Billy laughed.  "We're not.  But later, in the middle ages,
fathers used to fuck their daughters all the time."

     "Really?"  Cindy's eyes went wide with wonder.  "They didn't teach
us that in school."

     "It's true, though," Billy replied, "I read it in a book."

     "And just because you read it you think it's true, huh?"

     "Yes, I do.  In the book it said that it was considered the fa
ther's right to take his daughter's maidenhead, that's what they used
to call a girl's cherry, or virginity, before she left the family to
get married.  And sometimes, if they were serfs, you know, like slaves
almost, the lord of the manor would fuck the girl on her wedding night,
even before the bridegroom had a chance."

     "Gosh," said Cindy.  She was starting to believe what her brother
was telling her.

     "Not only that," he continued, "but back then, girls used to get
married before they even reached puberty, when they were younger than
you."

     "Really?"  Cindy was astonished.  "You mean, if we were serfs or
something back in the middle ages, Daddy would have...you know...done
it to me...already?"

     "Probably," Billy replied.  And if he hadn't, I would have, he
thought to himself.

     "Golly," Cindy said, "I'm glad we're living now and not back
then."

     "Heck, Cindy," Bill went on, warming to his subject, "even these
days, right here in the United States, incest goes on all the time."

     "No," Cindy couldn't believe what her brother was telling her.

     "It's true, Cindy," Billy insisted.  "You've heard about poor
people, down in the South for instance, who have families with six or
eight kids and who all live in a three room shack."

     "Yeah, Mrs. Arnold showed us pictures of share-croppers' families
in Social Studies class," Cindy replied, a trace of doubt in her voice,
"What about them?"

     "Think about it, Cindy.  They've got no television, they can't af
ford to go out to the movies, they've got nothing to do all night, they
have to go to bed early in order to get up and work the farm, and they
sleep four and five to a bed.  Incest goes on all the time!"

     "You mean between brothers and sisters?" Cindy believed him now.
Wonder, excitement, and fear showed in her wide eyes all at once.

     "You bet!"  He had convinced her.  Billy tried to keep the triumph
out of his voice.  He wanted Cindy too see him as her wise older broth
er who was gently teaching her, leading her from childhood into
maturity.  "Incest goes on between brothers and sisters, fathers and
daughters, mothers and sons, just about any combination you can think
of."

     "Gee, Billy, I'm glad we don't live like that.  I mean, I like
what we did together, you know," she blushed, "but I wouldn't like it
if I thought I had to or if we didn't have any choice."

     "I'm glad too, Cindy.  I wouldn't want anybody fucking you unless
you wanted him to, not even Dad.  And speaking of like what we just did
together, we still have a little time before Mom and Dad get home from
work."

     "Time for what?" Cindy asked.

     "Time for more making out, of course," Billy answered.  "All this
talking about incest and taking young girls' maidenheads has gotten me
all horny again."

     Sure enough, when Cindy looked down at her brother's crotch, she
saw his penis stiff and hard again, just as it had been before.

     "Do you want me to...jerk you off...again?" she asked.

     "You bet I do," he answered, a big grin spreading across his face.
 "And I've got a treat in store for you, too."

     Billy got up and walked across the room to his bureau.  There was
a mirror above it, attached by a hinge.  He adjusted the mirror so that
Cindy could see herself reflected in it while she sat on the bed.

     "Can you see yourself in the mirror?" he asked.

     "Yes, why?" Cindy blushed.  She had looked at her naked body in
her own mirror many times before, noting each time how her young body
was developing into womanhood, but always when she was alone, never
with anyone else in the room with her.

     "Because it's more fun when you can see as well as feel, that's
why."

     It was true, Cindy realized.  She admitted to herself, without any
false modesty, that she was a beautiful, sexy young girl.  The sight of
her own firm, round breasts, with their soft, pink nipples poking
proudly from the centers started to excite her sexual feelings again.

     She turned on the bed so that she was facing the mirror full on.
She opened her thighs slightly.  The soft, blonde hair on her pussy was
still damp from her previous orgasm.  Her pussy-lips were still pink
from her recent excitement and seemed to grow fuller and redder as she
watched.

     She pulled her eyes away from her own reflection and looked at her
brother.  Billy was still standing by the bureau, watching her, a lech
erous grin on his face.  His right hand was on his cock, slowly strok
ing the stiff member with long, slow pulls of the skin.

     "See what I mean, Sis?  It's nice to watch yourself.  It makes it
more exciting."

     "Yes, it does," she admitted.  "But don't you want to watch your-
self, too?"

     "That's the whole idea, Sis," he said, walking over to join her on
the bed, "this way we can both watch."

     Billy sat next to his sister and put his arm around her shoulder.
He pulled her to him and she slipped her arm behind him, nestling her
self to his side.  They gazed raptly at their refection.  They were
beautiful, perfect examples of the male and female forms.  They were
both blonde and slim, with perfectly proportioned bodies.  Cindy knew
that her breasts and hips would continue to grow and fill out, but even
now, in its adolescent state, her body was flawless, perfect in every
respect.

     "We look good together, don't we, Sis?"

     "Yes, we do, like those Greek gods I was reading about in school,
Venus and Adonis."

     "Or Adam and Eve," Billy suggested.

     Adam and Eve, Cindy thought.  If we had babies, I wonder if they
would be as beautiful as we are.  No!  She stopped herself from even
thinking about that.  She wouldn't go all the way with Billy.  That
would be incest and no matter how Billy tried to justify it to her,
Cindy still felt it was wrong.  What they were doing was just fooling
around, and that was okay.  It had to be okay, it felt so good, and
anything that felt that good couldn't be bad.

     "What do you want to do, Billy," Cindy asked, snuggling closer to
him.  "Just sit and look at ourselves?"

     "Why don't you play with yourself a little?  Let me watch you do
it?" he suggested.

     Cindy needed no further encouragement; her natural reservations
had already been overcome by Billy's description of incestuous
practices.  She put her hand between her legs and started rubbing her
pussy.  The lips were still moist and swollen.  She let her middle fin
ger slip inside the outer lips.  She let it slide slowly up and her
slit until it countered her clitoris.  She gave an involuntary gasp at
the contact.

     "Feels good, doesn't it, Sis?" Billy said, watching her every move
in the mirror.

     "Yes...yes it does, Billy."

     "What's that you're touching?"

     "It's my...my clit, Billy."

     "And you like touching your clit, don't you Cindy?"

     "Yes."

     "Say it, Cindy.  I like hearing you say it."

     "I like touching my clit, Billy.  It makes me hot."

     "You like being watched while you do it, too, don't you, Cindy?"

     "Oh, God, yes, Billy," Cindy gasped.  "I like it when you watch me
playing with myself.  I like fingering my clit in front of you like
this.  It makes me all hot and horny.  I think I can come again, real
soon!"

     It was true.  Cindy was hotter than she had ever been before.  She
had always been naturally shy, but being with her brother like this,
she felt safe.  She felt she could do or say anything and it would be
all right, more than all right.  It was what Billy wanted and it made
her hot, too.

     Cindy massaged her clit with her forefinger.  She rubbed it around
the base, first on one side, then on the other.  She dipped her finger
into her slit and scooped out some of the pussy-juice that was starting
to ooze out of her again.  She rubbed it on her clit, making it wet and
slippery.  Her clit became hard and distended.  It poked its head out
of her slit.  She rubbed it furiously.  Her hips began to writhe on the
edge of the bed.

     For the first time in her life Cindy understood why women would
pose nude for magazines or act in pornographic movies.  It made her
feel wanton and cheap to expose herself this way in front of her
brother, and she liked the feeling, because it also made her feel hot.

     And it made Billy hot, too.  With his arm around her back, he
reached under Cindy's arm and squeezed her breast with his right hand
while he pulled on his pecker with his left.  Cindy was coming along
nicely, he thought.  She was quickly responding to this initiation.
She was already talking dirty with very little encouragement on his
part, and she obviously enjoyed sex with him.  Her face was flushed and
her breath came in rapid, shallow gasps.  She was fingering herself fu
riously and was quickly approaching her second orgasm.  But he wanted
to be the one to give it to her.  He wanted to be the one she looked to
for sexual fulfillment.

     "Are you almost coming, Cindy?" he asked.

     "Yes, Billy," Cindy said, softly.  "I'm almost there.  It feels so
good.  I like you watching me while I come, Billy."

     "Don't come yet, honey," Billy said.  "I want to do something else
for you."  He dropped his hand from Cindy's tit and placed it over her
hand, preventing her from frigging herself.

     "What, Billy?  I want to come so bad!"

     "Here, sit on my leg, yeah, like that."

     Cindy did as she was told, and straddled Billy's right leg with
both of hers.

     "That's it.  Can you still see yourself?"

     "Of course I can, Billy."  Cindy started rubbing her pussy back
and forth against her brother's muscular thigh.  "Is this what you
meant?  Is this what you want me to do?"

     "No, but it sure feels good, doesn't it?"

     "Yes, it does, Billy.  It feels good to rub my pussy on your leg
like this."

     "Here's what I want you to do..."  He took Cindy's left hand and
placed it on his rigid cock.  "I want you to jerk me off like you did
before while you play with yourself."

     The touch of Billy's hot organ in her hand sent a new thrill of
excitement through Cindy's already over-heated body.  She squeezed the
big member gently, relishing the hot, silky feel of his flesh in her
palm.

     "Billy, your cock is so big, and hard.  I like touching it, Bil-
ly."

     "Jerk me off while you frig yourself, Cindy.  I want to come,
too."

     "And you're just going to sit and watch while I do all the work?
That's not fair, Billy!"

     "No, I've got a little treat for you, Cindy, just wait."

     Cindy didn't know if she could wait.  With her right hand she re
sumed tickling her swollen little clitoris.  The lovely, wet, sexual
sensations began building again.  With her left, she stroked her broth
er's huge cock.  She could barely get her fingers around the thick
shaft.  It seemed to grow longer and harder with each stroke of her
hand.

     Cindy stared at their reflection in the mirror, fascinated and ex
cited by the lewd wantonness of the spectacle she saw there.  Two teen-
aged children, brother and sister, naked and horny, and she, little
virgin Cindy, was bringing them both to orgasm.

     Billy reached up from behind her and began fondling Cindy's
breasts, one in each hand.  He squeezed and kneaded the firm young
flesh.  He pulled and pinched her nipples, making them even harder than
they already were.

     "Do you like this, Cindy?" Billy asked.  "Tell me."

     "Yes, Billy, I like jerking you off while I play with my pussy.  I
like seeing us in the mirror.  It makes me hot, Billy.  I feel hot and
wild."

     "Lick my finger, baby," Billy ordered her.  "Make it wet."

     He released Cindy's right tit and raised his hand in front of her
face, the middle finger extended in an obscene gesture.

     Seeing her brother making the "fuck-you" sign in her face while
she pulled on his prick and fingered her pussy at the same time gave
Cindy a new thrill.  It was so dirty, so obscene, it made her feel
cheap and whorish.  She felt like a little slut, and she liked the
feeling.

     Cindy opened her lips and extended her pink little tongue.  She
licked Billy's finger from the base to the tip with one long, slurping
lick.

     "Lick all of it, baby.  Get it wet all over."

     She licked it again from top to bottom, then she licked the sides.
 She twisted her neck, trying to lick the far side but couldn't reach
it.  So she opened her mouth and took his whole finger inside.  She
sucked up and down on Billy's finger, enjoying the feel of it on her
lips and tongue.  She knew instinctively that she would do this to Bil
ly's cock, too, and she was looking forward to it.

     "That's good, baby, really good," Billy said, appreciatively.  He
removed his finger from Cindy's mouth.  A droplet of saliva hung from
her lower lip.

     I even look like a little whore, Cindy thought to herself.

     Billy took his wet finger and placed it at the entrance to Cindy's
cunt.  He moved it up and down, teasing her puffy young cunt-lips.

     "Oh, Billy, that feels good," Cindy moaned happily.

     "This will feel even better, Sis."

     Slowly and steadily, Billy swirled his finger around inside Cin
dy's pussy-lips.  Deeper and deeper he slipped his finger inside his
sister's virgin cunt.

     "Oh, yes, Billy, push it deeper," Cindy moaned.  "Your finger
feels good inside me."

     "Inside what?"

     "Inside my cunt, Billy.  Your finger feels good inside my cunt.
Push it in deeper, Billy, I like it.  I like your finger in my cunt."

     Billy forced his finger further into Cindy's pussy.  The young
girl moaned and squirmed, rubbing her buttocks on his leg.  Soon his
finger encountered her hymen, her virgin membrane, her cherry.

     "Ouch!" Cindy gasped.

     "What's the matter?"  Billy stopped his probing finger.  "Did I
hurt you?"

     "Only a little, Billy.  Don't stop.  It still feels good.  Don't
stop what you're doing."

     "Do you know what it's called?"

     "No, what?"

     "It's called finger-fucking, Cindy.  I'm finger-fucking your vir
gin little cunt."

     "Keep it up, Billy.  Finger-fuck me some more.  Finger-fuck me
'til I come!"

     Billy continued his exploration of his sister's cunt-hole.  Her
smooth inner folds were wet, and tight, and juicy.  He swirled his fin
ger around, feeling her gooey cunt-juice drip down his finger and onto
his hand and wrist.  Finally, he found the tiny hole in the center of
her hymen.  He pressed against it.

     "Oh, Billy, oh, Billy," Cindy whimpered.

     He watched his sister in the mirror.  Her face was flushed, her
eyes glazed.  Her mouth hung open, the lips slack.  Her finger rubbed
her little clit furiously, almost too fast for the eye to follow.  Her
other hand pulled on his pecker wildly.  She pumped the skin up and
down, faster and faster.

     "Oh, yes, Billy," she moaned again, "push it in deeper.   Finger-
fuck me real deep in my cunt.  I like it, Billy, I like it!"

     The tip of Billy's finger pushed through the little hole in Cin
dy's hymen.  She gasped slightly with the pain.  It hurt a little,
stretching her like that, but she didn't mind.  It felt so good, Bil
ly's finger up her cunt, that she didn't mind the pain at all.  It even
made the pleasure a little more exciting.

     She looked at her brother's reflection in the mirror.  He was
staring at her intently.  She could see his eyes moving from her
breasts to her cunt and then back again.  Cindy shimmied her shoulders,
making her titties shake and jiggle.  Billy moaned deep in his throat.
His cock pulsed in her hand.  He liked seeing his young sister making a
wanton display of herself.  Cindy smiled to herself.  She knew that she
had some power over her big brother at least.

     She gripped his cock tighter, continuing to pull the loose, vel
vety skin up and down in a regular rhythm.  Gnarled, twisted, veins
stood out all along the length of his shaft.  The helmet-shaped head
already red and swollen, grew darker and more distended with each
stroke of her hand.  A few drops of clear liquid began to ooze from the
tip.

     "Are you coming, Billy?" she asked, anxiously.

     "Almost, Cindy," he gasped.  "I'm almost there.  Don't stop.  Keep
jerking me.  Make me come, baby.  Your hand feels so good on my cock."

     "Wait!" Cindy wailed.  "Don't come yet!  I want to come too! Don't
come without me!"

     She slowed the stroking of his cock, trying to delay his orgasm
until she was ready to come also.  It seemed to be too late.  Billy was
gasping, his cock pulsed and throbbed in her small hand.  She could
feel the final contractions beginning.

     "No, Billy, wait!" Cindy cried.  "Help me!  You've got to help
me!"

     Frantically, she let go of her clit and grabbed Billy's left hand
away from her tit.  She licked and sucked the first two fingers, making
them wet and slippery with her saliva.  The she placed his hand on the
top of her slit, rubbing his fingers against her swollen clit.

     "Here, you frig me, Billy," she said.  "You frig my clit for me.
Yes, that feels so good!"

     Billy would have done anything she told him to at that point.  He
was so near his orgasm that anything seemed preferable to her stopping
rubbing his cock.  He played with her clit just as she wanted him to.
He rubbed it between his fingers, then he flicked it back and forth,
then he pulled on it the same way he had pulled on her nipples.

     Cindy moaned and squirmed on Billy's leg.  She bucked and writhed
like a woman possessed.  She was almost there, almost.

     "That's it, Billy, keep it up, frig me good," she moaned.  "Yes,
it feels so good when you play with it like that!  Don't stop with you
other hand, Billy," she continued, almost in a daze of lust.  "Don't
stop finger-fucking me, finger-fuck me deep, Billy, really deep!"

     Now that Billy was frigging her clit for her, Cindy's right hand
was free.  She grasped Billy's hand, the one he was finger-fucking her
with, and pressed it toward her, forcing more of his middle finger
through her tiny cherry-hole.

     "Yes, Billy, yes," she said.  "Nice and deep, like that, Billy,
finger-fuck my virgin cunt deep, deep, deep!"

     "Oh, God, Cindy," Billy gasped.  "I'm coming!  Hurry up!  I can't
hold back!  Hurry!  Here I come!"

     Billy's prick throbbed and swelled in Cindy's hand.  She could see
his balls contracting rhythmically in the mirror.  He was ready to
shoot his load!

     Frantically, Cindy pulled on Billy's wrist.  With one frenzied
thrust, she pulled it to her, forcing Billy's finger all the way
through her cherry into her inner cunt.

     "Oh yes!  Oh yes!  Oh yes!" she cried, pushing Billy's finger as
deep inside her as she could.  "Come now, Billy!  Come now!  I'm there!
 I'm here!  I'm commminnnggg!!!"

     Wave after wave of pleasure poured through Cindy's body.  She
shook and gasped, she moaned and writhed, her head spun.  Fire coursed
through her loins and poured in liquid form from her cunt.  Her whole
body twitched spasmodically.

     At the same time, Billy's cock erupted.  When Cindy forced his
finger past her cherry, it was though an electric shock ran through her
cunt through his arm and down to his cock.  He could almost feel her
thrill as her virgin recesses were penetrated for the first time.  The
come shot from his cock in sympathy.

     "I'm coming, Cindy," Billy called.  "I'm coming, too.  Watch my
jizz, Cindy, here it comes!"

     First one, then another, and another, and another stream of cum
shot from Billy's prick.  One glob landed in Cindy's hair, another
landed on her thigh.  She tingled and thrilled at the feel of the hot
liquid splashing on her.

     Cindy kept pumping Billy's cock.  Come oozed from his piss-hole
and ran over her fingers.  Soon her tiny hand was covered with his hot,
sticky jism, but she wouldn't stop pumping. She milked Billy's cock un
til he had no more come to give her and his rod started to soften and
grow limp in her hand.

     Finally, exhausted from her own orgasm and convinced that Billy
was done, too, Cindy leaned back against her brother's chest, heaving a
sigh of deep satisfaction.

     Looking at their reflection in the mirror, Cindy had to stifle a
giggle.  Didn't they look like the all-American family, she mused, him
with his finger stuffed up her cunt and her with her hand covered with
his jizz.  What a picture!  She leaned over and gave Billy an affec
tionate kiss on the cheek.

     "Thank you, Billy.  That was wonderful," she purred.

     "Thank you, Sis," he replied.  "That was the best come I ever
had!"

     "Really?  You're not just saying that to make me feel good, are
you?"

     "No way!  You were great, really."

     "Then, you think we can do this again sometime?"

     "You bet!  Anytime!  We can do this again, and lots more.  We can
do anything you want, Cindy."

     Gee, anything I want, Cindy thought.  I wonder what else we could
do that would be fun?  I wonder?

     Idly, Cindy took her hand from her brother's cock.  It was still
covered with his sticky come.  She wiped it across her breasts.  It
still felt warm and oily.  It gave her a shiver of dirty pleasure.

     I wonder what else we can do, she thought.


Six:

     Cindy's life changed both dramatically and subtly over the next few
weeks.  Dramatically, in that she felt a new confidence, a new ease, in
everything she did.  She spoke up more in her classes at school, she was
more active and aggressive at sports, and she was less bashful and shy
when talking to her friends and classmates.  The change was subtle in
that it came about as a result of a new attitude, a new way of looking
at the world.  And this change of attitude was the direct result of Bil-
ly's initiating her into the mysteries of love, sex, and incest.

     However, this change did not come about immediately, or even easi-
ly.  At first, in fact, Billy thought he had done Cindy more harm than
good by turning her on sexually.  He even vowed to himself not to touch
her again unless and until she asked him to.

     After her first session of afternoon sex with Billy, Cindy had be-
come shy again.  She retreated back into her shell of reticence and
reserve.  She wouldn't talk to him or even watch television with him.
When she came home from school she would lock herself in her room and
study until dinner time.  At the table with Billy and their parents,
Cindy would talk to them but not to him.  She wouldn't even look at her
brother across the table, but instead she kept her eyes cast down at her
plate, giving her food more attention than her family.

     "Cindy, are you all right?" her mother asked one night.

     "Sure, Mom," she answered, sulkily.

     "Are you sure, honey?" her mother persisted.  "You've been so quiet
these last couple of days, I'm a little worried about you."

     "It's nothing, Mom," Cindy lied, "There's a big test coming up in
Biology class and I've been studying a lot, that's all."

     Cindy's mom looked at her daughter, a slightly worried look creas-
ing her forehead.  She knew her daughter well enough to know when she
was telling the truth and when she was not.  This was definitely one of
the times that she was not.  But what the truth was, she had no idea.

     "Well, if you have any trouble," she said with false cheerfulness,
"Just ask Billy to help you.  He was always good in science.  Biology
was one of his best subjects."

     "I will, Mom," Cindy said, repressing a shudder.

                          *     *     *

     The next afternoon Cindy was walking home from school alone. She
carried her books in both arms, pressing them protectively to her chest.
It was a habit she had developed before she had any breasts.  She did
it to hide the fact that she had remained flat-chested for so long,  Now
that her breasts had grown into ripe fullness, she continued the prac-
tice to prevent adolescent boys from copping a feel as they passed in
the hall while changing classes.

     Now Cindy was just walking alone, her eyes cast down, feeling sad
and lonely, and more than anything else, confused.  She was confused
mostly about her own feelings.  Billy had aroused in her a wantonness, a
free, libidinous abandon that frightened the young girl.  She had been
curious about sex, and eager to learn from her loving older brother, but
she had not been prepared to deal with the overpowering strength of the
forces that sex would release in her.  While she had been making out
with Billy, it was as if she was another person entirely, someone with
no inhibitions at all, someone who would abandon everything, risk any-
thing, just to fulfill her wanton, lusting desires.

     Cindy shuddered.  She hated to think of herself that way.  She had
always striven to be a good girl, a sensible girl, someone who could be
trusted and relied on to always do the right thing.  Now, she realized,
when it came to sex, she was someone who could not be relied on or per-
haps it would be more accurate to say she was someone who could be re-
lied on to do whatever felt good, regardless of whether it was right or
wrong.

     With thoughts like these tumbling through her head, Cindy walked
along.  The leaves on the tress that lined the streets were turning red
and gold and falling to the ground.  The air was brisk and chilly.  A
gusting breeze tossed her hair and stung her cheeks.  Cindy was oblivi-
ous to the autumnal beauty that surrounded her, she could only think of
herself and what seemed to her to be her insurmountable problems.

     Thus lost within herself, Cindy didn't realize that she was being
followed.  Just ten feet behind her, Billy walked the same path home.
He hadn't intended to follow her.  It was just coincidence that he had
left school a few minutes after her and, since he walked more quickly
than she did, he had nearly caught up with her just a block from their
home.

     Billy hadn't even recognized her at first.  From behind, he had
merely noticed that a girl was walking in front of him.  He also noticed
that she had a cute butt.  The skirt she wore was stretched tightly
across her buttocks, clearly outlining her round little ass-cheeks, and
the cleft between them.  Billy tried to imagine the soft, round thighs
rubbing together beneath her skirt as she walked.  He tried to imagine
what she looked like naked.  Was her cunt hair dark or light?  Was it
curly?  Was it the same color as the hair on her head, soft and blonde?

     It was then that Billy realized that the girl in front of him was
his sister Cindy.  He recalled that he had already seen her naked body,
and touched it, and fondled it, and more.  He remembered how skillfully
she had jerked him off, even though it was her first time.  He remem-
bered how she had forced his finger deep into her cunt, past her tight
little cherry, how she had gasped and moaned, and writhed in his arms as
she came, pouring her thick, slippery cunt-juice over his hand.

     Immediately, Billy felt his cock stiffen in his pants.  He didn't
know why Cindy had retreated from him these last couple of days.  She
acted as though she were mad at him.  She wouldn't talked to him, or
even look at him.  Whatever it was, he decided, he would have to fix it.
After all, he hadn't forced her to do anything she hadn't wanted to do.
She had even thanked him when they were done.  She had kissed him, only
on the cheek, it was true, but she had kissed him out of gratitude.  And
now she was treating him like dirt, as if he didn't even exist.

     Billy's swelling cock and growing desire for his virgin little sis-
ter spurred him to action.  He lengthened his stride and quickly caught
up with her.

     "Hi, Sis," he said, walking by her side.

     Cindy looked up, startled.  She immediately turned away from him
and continued walking, ignoring him completely.

     Billy grabbed her by the arm and spun her toward him, making her
face him.

     "Cindy, what's the matter?  Why are you mad at me?"

     "You...you..."  Cindy was incoherent.  Tears welled up in her pale
blue eyes.  Suddenly, she dropped her books and began beating Billy on
the chest, trying with all her might to hurt him with her tiny little
fists.

     "Cindy, wait..."  Billy put up his arms to protect himself from her
assault.

     With a choking sob, Cindy turned and ran.  She ran as fast as she
could, trying to get away from what she feared most --- not her
brother --- but her own uncontrollable passion.

     Quickly, Billy stooped down and picked up his sister's schoolbooks.
Then he chased after her.

     Cindy had just gotten the key in the lock and opened the front door
when Billy came bounding up the steps behind her.  She slipped inside
the house and tried to shut the door behind her but Billy was too fast
and too strong.  He pushed her back into the foyer and slammed the door.

     "Cindy, you've got to tell me," he was nearly shouting.  "What's
wrong?"

     Again she turned and tried to flee from him.  Again he grabbed her
arm and pulled her to him.  With his other hand he grabbed her chin and
forced her to turn and face him.  Her eyes were puffy and her cheeks
were wet with her tears.  She was trying to choke back her sobs.  Her
lips were pouty and quivering.

     Billy's head spun.  She was so pretty, so sweet, so young, so
delectable.  Without planning to, without even thinking about what he
was about to do, he kissed her.

     He bent down and placed his mouth on hers.  The contact was elec-
tric.  Cindy felt trapped by her big brother, smothered by his strength.
She tried to twist away from him but could not.  She felt the strength
draining from her limbs.  Billy's lips held her more firmly than his
hands.  She began to melt.  She dropped her arms.

     Billy let go of Cindy's arm.  He put his arm around her and crushed
her body to his.  The taste of her lips sent fire racing through his
loins.  His cock grew and swelled, pressing painfully against his pants.
He parted his lips and thrust his tongue into his sister's waiting
mouth.

     Cindy shivered at the moist contact of Billy's tongue against her
lips.  Her whole body trembled.  This was what she had most feared, and
most desired.  Billy was exciting her passions and desires as she had
never felt before.  She parted her lips and let his tongue enter.  She
rubbed her tongue against his, thrilling at the intimate contact.

     Billy was on fire.  His sister's luscious young body excited him
beyond measure and reason, beyond control.  He had to struggle with him-
self to stop from tearing her clothes off and raping her on the spot.
He dropped his hand from her jaw and placed it on her breast.  He
squeezed hard, massaging her firm young flesh.

     Cindy moaned deep in her throat.  She tore her mouth away from Bil-
ly's and buried her face in his neck.

     "Billy, Billy, Billy," she whispered.

     She ground her hips against his.  She could feel the bulge in his
crotch pressing against her belly.  She rubbed against it harder, excit-
ing both of them simultaneously.

     Still squeezing Cindy's breast with one hand, Billy dropped the
other from her shoulders to her ass.  He held her tightly against him.
He pumped his hips up and down, dry-humping his little sister.  He
squeezed her buttocks the same way he squeezed her tit, urgently, pas-
sionately, with no thought for anything but the delicious, incestuous
sensations she was giving him.

     "Cindy, don't be mad at me," Billy pleaded.  "I love you, Sis.  I
need you.  I've got to have you."

     Cindy clung tightly to her older brother.  She had never been mad
at him.  She was only afraid of the lustful urges he aroused in her.

     "Billy," she said, "I'm not mad at you.  It's just that...we
shouldn't...you know...it's wrong."

     "No, Sis, it's not wrong," Billy insisted.  "It's not wrong, it's
wonderful.  You like what we did last time, I know you did.  And you
want to do it again, I can tell."

     "But, Billy..." she whispered, hesitantly.

     "Cindy, I promise," Billy pressed on.  "We won't do anything you
don't want to do.  I won't hurt you.  I won't force you."  He relaxed
his grip slightly and pulled back so he could look his younger sister
in the eye.  "Cindy, I've got to have you, I've got to, any way you'll
let me, please?"

     Looking up into her big brother's face, seeing the need there, the
aching desire in his burning eyes, Cindy relented.

     "But not the 'f-thing', okay," Cindy said softly.

     "No fucking?  Sure, Sis, whatever you say.  Just like last time,
only better.  You'll see, Cindy, you'll like it.  It's not wrong, we'll
just make out some more, like last time, only better.

                            *     *     *

     The two teen-agers stood facing each other in Cindy's bedroom.

     "Let's get undressed together," Billy suggested.

     "What do you mean?"  Cindy was unsure of what he wanted.

     "Look, you just stand there and do what I do, okay?"

     "Okay."  Cindy didn't know what Billy had in mind, but already she
had that now familiar fluttery feeling in her stomach, the feeling of
uncertain excitement that preceded sex-play with her brother.

     Billy kicked off his shoes and then pulled off his socks.  Cindy
stepped out of her shoes, having wore no stockings.

     Billy unbuttoned his shirt and pulled it from his shoulder.  He
wasn't wearing any undershirt.  Cindy unbuttoned her blouse with trem-
bling fingers.  Her eyes were on her brother's muscular chest and
abdomen.  She licked her lips.  Billy's torso was young, smooth, and
perfectly proportioned.  Cindy wanted to feel his naked skin rubbing
against hers.  She reached behind her back to unhook her bra.

     "Wait," Billy said, "Don't take it off yet."

     "But you're not wearing anything on top," Cindy protested.

     "I know, but I want you to wait anyway.  It'll be more fun.
Watch."

     Billy unbuckled his belt, opened the top button of his pants and
pulled down the zipper.  Cindy watched every step of the process with
rapt attention.  She felt her knees getting weak and rubbery, her pussy
was starting to itch.  Billy pushed his pants down to his knees and then
pulled them off one leg at a time.  He threw them across the room.  They
landed in a heap in a corner.  Billy then stood facing his sister, wear-
ing only his underpants.  His cock was in a state of fierce erection.
It stretched his white cotton briefs out in front of him in an obscene
fashion.

     "Come on, Cindy," he said, "You take yours off, too.  And don't
start frigging yourself yet, let's make it last."

     Slightly startled, Cindy raised her eyes to Billy's face.  She had
been staring at the bulge in his shorts and unselfconsciously had begun
rubbing her crotch through her skirt with slow, languid strokes of her
hand.

     Quickly then, Cindy took off her belt and unzipped her skirt.  It
fell at her feet and she stepped out of it, kicking it aside to join
Billy's pants in the corner.  Now she was wearing only her plain cotton
panties and bra.  She stood with her arms at her sides, gazing at her
brother.

     How could she have resisted this, she wondered.  She could not
imagine why she had felt so scared, so upset before.  It now seemed to
her to be the most natural, normal thing for her to learn about sex from
her loving older brother, and for her to please him any and every way
she could.

     Billy stepped forward.  His cock, still covered by his underpants,
almost touched Cindy's belly.  He watched her staring at it in
anticipation.  Her breathing was shallow.  Billy was pleased and excited
by Cindy's sudden re-acquiescence to his desires.  She would soon be an
active and experienced sex partner, he was sure.  The fact that she was
his little sister just made it dirtier and more exciting for him.

     Billy gazed at his sister's lovely young body.  It was perfectly
formed and ripe for plucking.  The curves of her breasts showed above
her bar.  With each inhalation they pressed more tightly against the
cotton lace.  Billy could see her tight little nipples through the
fabric.  They poked two sharp little point in the fabric.

     He let his gaze roam down her body.  Her wide, healthy chest taper-
ed down to a thin, delicate waist and then flared out again into full,
girlish hips.  The panties she wore must be an old pair, he thought,
bought before her body had begun developing.  The cotton fabric was
stretched so tightly across her hips that it was practically sheer.
Billy could see her belly-button on her flat little tummy, and below
that, where her full, round thighs joined together, he could see the
slight bulge of her pubis.  He could even discern the individual pubic
hairs and the slight indentation of her slit between her pussy-lips.
Right there at her cunt, Billy saw a drop of moisture.  Her cunt was wet
and dripping already.

     "Don't move, Cindy," Billy said.  "Let me do this part."

     He reached around behind Cindy's back with both hands and unhooked
her bra-straps.  He pulled it off her arms and dropped it on the floor.
Cindy shuddered and took a deep breath, as if relieved to be free of
restraint.  Billy knelt down in front of his sister.  He hooked his fin-
gers under the waist-band of her panties and gently tugged.  Cindy
moaned softly, her hips undulating slightly of their own accord.  He
pulled the tight fabric down over her hips and belly.  It seemed to
stick at her crotch, trapped by the juncture of her legs.

     Cindy sighed and bent her knees ever so slightly, just enough to
allow her to spread her thighs and let Billy finish removing her
panties.  She was trembling with anticipation.  She had denied herself
this pleasure for too long.

     Billy tugged her panties down to her ankles.  Cindy stepped out of
them.  Billy remained on his knees before her, relishing the close-up
view of her wet, virgin cunt.  The sweet, pungent aroma of her adoles-
cent pussy wafted into his nostrils.  He put his nose in her pubic hair
and inhaled deeply.  The smell made him light-headed and caused his
prick to throb.  He exhaled through his mouth, blowing his hot breath
across Cindy's cunt.

     "Oh!" Cindy said.  Involuntarily, she bent her knees more and
thrust her hips forward, trying to bring her cunt into contact with Bil-
ly's mouth.

     "Not yet," Billy said, drawing away from her.  He stood up.  "Now
you undress me."

     Cindy immediately dropped to her knees before her brother.  She
grabbed the waist-band of his briefs and pulled down.  Billy's cock was
too hard and stiff.  She had to pull the shorts out and around it before
she could get them off of him.  Billy lifted one foot, then the other so
Cindy could free the shorts from around his ankles.

     Billy's prick bobbed free in front of her fact.  She had never seen
it up close like this before.  The helmet-shaped head was dull red and
swollen.  One thick vein ran along the underside of his cock from the
tip to the base where it joined his ball-sack.  His balls were large and
full, the size and shape of a large peach.  They were sparsely covered
with blonde pubic hairs, just like her own.  The skin was tight and
wrinkled.

     At the top of his prick, a clear drop of liquid hung from Billy's
piss-hole.  Cindy stared at it, fascinated.  She remembered the feel and
texture of Billy's come on her hand.  She remembered how he had ordered
her to lick and suck his finger.  She wondered what it would be like to
lick and suck his prick in that same way.  She wondered what his come
would feel like in her mouth, how it would taste.

     Impulsively, Cindy stuck out her tongue and touched it to the tip
of Billy's prick.  She licked up the drop of pre-come liquid that hung
there.  It tasted salty and sweet.  She put her lips together and kissed
the tip of Billy's prick, chastely, the way a little girl might kiss her
favorite doll.  Then she sat back on her heels and looked up at her big
brother.

     "Why did you do that, Sis?" Billy asked her.

     "I don't know," she answered.  "I just wanted to see what it tasted
like, I guess."

     "And how did it taste?"

     "Kinda good."  She smiled up at him with a sly look in her eye.

     "Would you like some more?"

     "Maybe."

     "Come with me."

     He pulled her to her feet and led her to her bed.  He flopped down
on his back, his cock standing straight up.

     "Now, you kneel over my head," he ordered.

     Cindy climbed up on the bed.  She placed her knees on either side
of his head, her shins pressing into his shoulders.

     "Like this?" she asked.

     "No, turn and face the other way."

     Cindy did as she was told.

     "Now, squat down," he told her.  "I want to eat your pussy."

     "What?"

     "Just do like I tell you," he commanded.  "You'll see."

     Cindy squatted down, bending her hips.

     "No, no," Billy protested.  "You're putting your ass in my face.  I
want your pussy."

     Cindy leaned forward and tilted her hips back.  The only way she
could maintain her balance was to put her hands down on the bed.  Then
she was on all fours over her brother, her cunt over his face and his
cock under hers.

     "That's it, Sis," Billy chuckled.  "Are you getting the idea?"

     Cindy was definitely getting the idea.  She lowered her hips until
she felt her pussy brush against Billy's chin.  Billy rewarded her by
giving her slit a quick lick.

     Billy was ecstatic.  Cindy's firm, round ass was presented clearly
to his view.  Her pussy was pink and puffy with anticipation.  He could
taste the sweet, tangy flavor of her cunt-juice, already oozing from her
cunt-lips.  He licked her slit again, this time forcing his tongue be-
tween the lips.

     Cindy gasped and shuddered.  She fought to control herself, to keep
herself from mashing her cunt down against her brother's mouth and
smothering him.  She never expected that Billy would do anything like
this.  He was eating her cunt!  He was licking her where she peed and he
didn't mind!  It was his idea!  She hadn't even asked him to do it!  It
was dirty, it was obscene, and Cindy loved it!

     "Billy, I love what you're doing down there," she gasped.

     "Tell me about, Cindy," he said, his breath blowing hot against her
cunt.  "You know I like to hear you talk dirty."

     "You're licking my cunt, Billy," Cindy said.

     The words seemed to increase her own passion.  Once her initial re-
luctance was overcome, Cindy would turn into a passionate and imagina-
tive sex partner.  She loved the hot, wet feel of her own cunt as much
has she loved the smell and feel of Billy's cock.  Billy's insistence
that she use dirty language while they did dirty things to each other
made her feel cheap and dirty herself, and that, somehow, got her even
more excited and turned-on than anything else they did together.

     "Do you like it when I lick your cunt, Cindy?" he persisted.

     "I love it when you lick my cunt, Billy.  Don't just lick the lips,
stick your tongue inside me and eat my pussy.  Eat me out, Billy!"

     Billy reached up and with his thumbs spread Cindy's cunt-lips
apart.  He pulled her swollen lips open, exposing the hot, wet folds
within.  A couple of drops of Cindy's cunt-juice dripped out and landed
on his chin.  He licked them off.

     "Your cunt is so pretty, Cindy," he said.  "So soft and pink ---
and your cunt-juice is nice and hot, too.  I'll never get enough of your
pretty little cunt, Sis, never."

     "Don't talk about it, Billy, eat it!" Cindy wailed.  "Eat my cunt!
Stick your tongue in my piss-box and eat me out!  Hurry!  I can't wait!"

     Still holding her cunt-lips open with his thumbs Billy spread his
hands over Cindy's ass-cheeks and pulled her down to him.  He shoved his
tongue as deep into her cunt as it could reach.  Cindy's thick virgin
cunt-juice poured down into his mouth.  He licked and swallowed it
greedily, savoring the sweet, girlish flavor.

     "Oh, God, Billy!" Cindy gasped.  "That's good...that's wonderful...
do it more...eat me, Billy...eat my hot pussy...eat me good!"

     Billy plunged his tongue wildly into his sister's cunt.  He swirled
it around, licking and teasing her hot, inner flesh.  Cindy's cunt-juice
dripped out over his chin.  She ground her ass in his face.

     Cindy was in a daze of incestuous bliss.  When Billy had stuck his
finger up her cunt, she thought she had never felt anything so good
before, but this, Billy's hot, wet tongue going deep inside her sensi-
tive pussy, this was ten times better, better than she could have
dreamed!

     Looking down, Cindy saw Billy's cock directly below her face. This
was why he had wanted her to get over him like this, she thought.  He
wanted her to suck him while he ate her!  Well, that was all right with
Cindy.  She had already wondered what it would be like to have Billy's
cock in her mouth.  She liked the taste of the lube-juice she had licked
off his prick earlier and she had no hesitation about experimenting
further.

     "That feels good, Billy.  I like the way you lick my pussy," she
said, savoring the words as she spoke them.  "Would you like me to suck
your cock?  Do you want me to suck you off while you eat me?"

     Billy tore his mouth from his sister's cunt momentarily.

     "Suck my dick, baby," he said.  "Suck me off.  I want to come in
your mouth."

     Cindy immediately lowered her head to her brother's crotch.  She
opened her jaws wide and took the enormous head of Billy's cock into her
mouth.  The taste was all she had dreamed it would be.  The heady, musky
aroma filled her nostrils and tongue, making her dizzy and light-headed
with lust.

     "Oh, good, baby, good, Cindy," Billy moaned.  "Suck my cock, baby,
and I'll come in your mouth."

     Cindy released Billy's prick from her mouth momentarily.

     "Don't talk, just lick," she said.  "I want to come, too."

     Thus admonished, Billy went back to eating his sister's pussy.  He
ran his tongue around her swollen pussy-lips and plunged it as deep into
her cunt-hole as he could reach.  Cindy plunged and bucked above him.
She ground her hips in his face and rubbed her pussy on his chin.  She
moaned and thrashed like a wild animal.

     Meanwhile, Cindy was busy with her brother's cock.  She held the
bulbous head in her mouth and swirled her tongue around it, licking it
thoroughly all over.  She let her saliva drip from the corners of her
mouth and run down Billy's shaft, lubricating it.  Then she pressed
down, sucking fully half of Billy's enormous shaft into her mouth.

     Billy stiffened at the pleasurable sensation.  Cindy's mouth
thrilled him beyond measure.  Uncontrollably, he began pumping his hips,
forcing his cock deeper into Cindy' mouth.

     Cindy didn't pull away.  She held still while Billy pumped his dick
into her.  She opened her mouth wider, allowing him easier access.  She
felt his cock pressing against the back of her mouth, massaging her ton-
sils.  She repressed her instinct to gag and held steady.  Slowly, Bil-
ly forced his massive cock down Cindy's throat.  When Billy seemingly
could go no further.  Cindy helped him by pressing her head down and
swallowing the rest of it.

     Soon Cindy's lips were stretched around the base of her brother's
cock and her nose was buried in his balls.  Billy moaned with pleasure.
He rotated hips slowly and steadily, extracting the utmost sensation
from his sister's mouth and tongue.

     Cindy couldn't take much more.  She was almost to the point of com-
ing and she wanted Billy to come with her.  She bobbed her head up and
down on his cock, sucking him with long, slow, slurping strokes of her
mouth.

     Billy moaned and forced his tongue deeper into Cindy's cunt. He
licked and sucked like a madman.  He squeezed her ass-cheeks and nibbled
on her cunt-lips.  His cock grew harder and thicker in Cindy's mouth.

     Cindy felt herself starting to come.  Bolts of electric pleasure
shot through her cunt.  She felt her cunt-muscles contracting rhythmic-
ally, the come-juice starting to flow.  She raised her head and held
just the top half of Billy's cock in her mouth.  She swirled the tongue
around the head.  With her right hand, she grasped the base of the
shaft and began pumping the skin up and down, jerking Billy off in her
mouth.

     Her efforts were quickly rewarded.  Billy's prick soon began to
swell and throb.  The pulsations came quicker and stronger.  Soon she
could taste the musky flavor of his pre-come fluid on her tongue.  She
pumped faster, heedless of hitting herself in the face as she jerked him
off.

     Billy moaned and gasped.  He pumped his hips up and down, trying to
keep as much of his cock in Cindy's mouth as he could.  He sucked her
pussy-juice as a drowning man would gulp for air.

     The first shot of milky jizz splashed into Cindy's mouth.  She
nearly fainted with excitement.  Immediately, her own orgasm completely
overtook her.  Her hips bucked and spasmed.  She ground her cunt in Bil-
ly' face, nearly smothering him with her cunt-juice.  She sucked his
cock as hard as she could.  She beat his shaft up and down, forcing his
come into her mouth.

     Billy shook and spasmed under his sister.  His come shot in thick
gooey streams into her mouth.  He licked her cunt in a delirium of in-
cestuous lust.

     Cindy tried to swallow it all as best she could.  Spurt after
creamy spurt of hot, sticky come poured out of Billy's piss-hole and
filled her mouth.  She sucked and swallowed and still more came.  Rivu-
lets of milky come ran from the corners of her mouth, down Billy's cock
and over her hand.  Still she kept pumping.  She wanted it all.  She
wanted to drain her brother dry.  She wanted him to fill her with his
come.

     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *     *

    Some time later, tired and spent, the two teen-agers still lay on
Cindy's bed, with each of their heads at the other's crotch.  Cindy
couldn't have been happier.  With Billy's tongue in her cunt and his
cock in her mouth, she felt thoroughly content and fulfilled.

     As she lay there, halfway between sleeping and waking, Cindy pon-
dered her life and where it was leading her.  She was entering unchar-
tered waters.  None of her friends had done anything like this, she was
sure.  She didn't quite know if she should be proud of what she had with
Billy or not.  She decided just to accept it for the time being and not
to say anything to anyone.  They probably wouldn't understand anyway.
They'd probably think, just as she had thought, that incest was wrong.
They wouldn't understand how wonderful it was to have a sweet, loving
brother like Billy.  They probably wouldn't understand at all.


Seven:

     "Cindy, I can't get over the change in you."

     Cindy and Marla were walking away from the school together.  They
had finished their classes for the day were heading over to Cindy's
house.  They had made a date to study together.  Mid-terms were coming
up soon and neither girl was doing well enough in her classes not to
need help.

     "Really, Cindy," Marla continued, "I remember last year you were
such a shy little stick of a thing, and now --- why, it's almost as if
you were a different person."

     "Gosh, Marla," Cindy said, secretly pleased that her friend had
noticed the difference, "I don't know what you mean.  I'm still just
plain old me."

     "Don't kid a kidder, Cindy," Marla persisted.  "Something's
changed.  Have you got a boyfriend hidden away somewhere that you're
not telling me about?  Is that it?"

     Cindy blushed.  Marla's guess was closer to the truth than she
would have liked.  Should she tell Marla the truth, she wondered.  No,
better not, she decided.  It was impossible to tell how anyone would
react, even a friend as close as Marla.

     "No, there's no one new in my life," Cindy replied.  That state
ment at least was technically accurate, even if it wasn't exactly the
truth.

     The two girls finished the walk to Cindy's house in only a few
minutes.  The rest of their conversation concerned itself with boys,
fashion, and the unfairness of their teachers, in that order.

     Once they got to her house, Cindy unlocked the front door and let
them in.

     "We'll have the place to ourselves for a while," Cindy said.
"Billy's at football practice and my folks won't be home for hours."

     "That's neat, Cindy," Marla said.  "I wish my mom would get a job
or something.  She's always waiting for me when I get home.  'How was
school, dear?  Did you meet any nice boys?'" Marla mimicked her moth
er's parental concern.  "What a nag!"

     "Yeah, it is kind of nice to have some freedom," Cindy agreed.
"Even if it is only for a few hours."

     The two girls went up the stairs to Cindy's room.  They spread
their books out on the floor and sat down to make an attempt at learn
ing the mysteries of mathematics.  Within less than an hour, however,
it became clear that neither girl had a sufficient grasp of the subject
to be of any help to herself or the other.

     "It's hopeless, Cindy," Marla sighed.  "I can't make heads or
tails of these formulas."

     "Me neither," Cindy agreed.  "Maybe we can get Billy to help us
when he gets home," she added brightly.  "He was always pretty good at
math."

     "Okay," Marla said, closing her text book.  "How is Billy, any-
way?" she asked.

     "Fine, I guess.  Why do you ask?"

     "Oh, no reason."  She leaned back against Cindy's bed.  "He is a
hunk, though.  Does he have a girlfriend?"

     "I don't think so," Cindy said.

     Cindy was surprised to realize that she was reluctant to discuss
Billy's social life with Marla.  She felt a little jealous of her big
brother; she wanted to keep him for herself.  She didn't like other
girls being interested in him, she didn't want to have to share him
with anyone.

     "Want to see my new bathing suit?" Cindy asked, changing the sub-
ject.

     "Cindy, it's autumn," Marla said.

     "I know, that's why it was on sale."

     She went to her bureau and rummaged through the drawers for a mo-
ment.  Then she turned back to her friend.

     "Here it is, see?"

     It was one of the skimpiest string bikinis Marla had ever seen.
It resembled nothing more than three little patches of pastel fabric
tied together with a few strand of dental floss.

     Marla let out a soft whistle.  "Cindy, that's hot," she said.
"Let's see it on you."

     "Okay."

     Without any hesitation, Cindy began stripping off her clothing.
After all, she and Marla had their gym lockers next to each other and
often showered together after gym class.  They had seen, and even occa
sionally touched, each other's naked bodies many times in the past.

     It wasn't until she had dropped her bra and was bending down to
pull off her panties that Cindy noticed that Marla was staring at her
intently.  She remembered the time that Marla had asked her to help her
adjust her bra blushed.  Quickly, she picked up her bikini and put it
on.

     "There," she said brightly.  "How does it look?"

     "It looks hot, Cindy," Marla said.  "Real hot."

     It did look good on her.  The tiny bathing suit did more to show
off the young girl's budding figure than it did to cover it.

     Cindy thought she saw more than just an appreciation of fashion in
her friend's eye but didn't know exactly what it was or if she should
do anything about it.

     "Can I try it on?" Marla asked.  "I'd like to see how it looks on
me."

     "Sure," Cindy said.  "Why not?"

     Marla quickly stripped out of her clothes.  Almost before Cindy
had finished taking the bikini off, Marla was as naked as she.

     Cindy couldn't help but admire her friend's natural beauty.  Al
most five and a half feet tall, with flaming red hair and green eyes,
full, luscious breasts and hips, long, tapering legs and arms, Marla
was going to be a gorgeous, statuesque woman when she finished growing.

     Cindy handed the bikini to her friend and turned to pick up her
panties.

     "Wait," Marla said.  "Don't get dressed yet.  I want to see some-
thing."

     "What?" Cindy asked, turning to face her.

     "Look," Marla said, stepping up close to her.  "See how much hard
er my nipples are than yours?  I wonder why that is."

     Cindy didn't say anything.  She was surprised, stunned by what her
friend was saying.

     "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to touch another
girl's breasts, Cindy?" Marla asked.

     "No...I..." Cindy stammered.

     "I have," Marla interrupted her.

     Marla reached out and began tracing a circle around Cindy's left
breast with her fingernail.  Very gently, barely touching her friend's
naked tit-flesh.  Marla outlined Cindy's breast with her finger.

     Cindy shuddered but didn't pull away.  Marla was acting very
strangely, but she was also getting Cindy very excited.

     Marla's fingernail continued circling Cindy's breast, but the cir
cles kept getting smaller, spiraling inward, approaching the sensitive
nipple in the center.

     "Look, Cindy," Marla said.  "Now your nipple is starting to get
hard, too."

     It was true.  Cindy's soft, pink aureole was starting to crinkle
and pucker.  Soon her nipple stuck out hard and straight just like
Marla's.

     "Marla, wait...What are you doing?" Cindy stammered.

     "Isn't what I'm doing obvious, Cindy?"  Marla asked.  "Don't you
like it?  Your nipples seem to like it."  She had reached the center of
Cindy's breast and now she was tickling Cindy's nipple with her
fingertip.  "Look, your other nipple likes it, and I haven't even got
ten to her yet."

     Just as Marla said it was, Cindy's right nipple was hard and puck
ered as well, aching, waiting for the girl's gentle, insistent touch.

     "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to kiss another
girl's tittie, Cindy" she asked.

     "Marla...don't...I..." Cindy protested.  She was frightened, con-
fused.  She hadn't expected anything like this to happen.  Marla dated
boys, she was one of the prettiest and most popular girls in school.
Cindy was completely unprepared for what was about to happen.

     Marla leaned over and placed her lips on Cindy's rigid nipple.
She sucked the hard little tip and teased it with her teeth.

     Cindy sucked in her breath.  Marla's mouth felt almost as good as
Billy's on her tit.  She sighed softly, enjoying the new experience.
She didn't want to encourage Marla but she didn't want to stop her
either.  She didn't know what she wanted.  She wanted Marla to go on
sucking on her tittie.

     As if she could read her friend's mind, Marla sucked harder on
Cindy's breast.  After she had stimulated the right one, she moved to
the left.  At the same time she dropped her hand to Cindy's crotch.
She cupped her palm over Cindy's cunt.  She could feel the heat coming
from Cindy's pussy.  She released Cindy's nipple from her mouth and
smiled down at her friend.

     "Marla, what are you doing?" Cindy gasped.

     "Have you ever wondered what it would be like to kiss a girl, Cin-
dy?" Marla asked, ignoring Cindy's question.

     "Marla...please..."

     "Did you know your cunt is a hot as an oven, Cindy?  Would you
like me to fix that for you?"

     Cindy didn't know what to say or do.  Her knees were weak, her
mouth was dry, her cunt was on fire.

     "Come here, Cindy," Marla said.  "Let me show you something.
You'll like it."

     Marla led Cindy to her own bed and had her lie down on it.  Then
she got on top of her.  She held her weight on her knees and elbows,
holding her body just above Cindy's.  Her large, full breasts hung down
from her chest, her nipples grazed Cindy's lightly.  Cindy shivered and
squirmed at the erotic contact.

     "Hold still, Cindy," Marla said, softly.  "I'll bet we make a per
fect fit."

     Gently, Marla lowered herself down onto the willing young girl.
She positioned her titties right over Cindy's so that their nipples
were pressed together.  Then she lowered her hips.  Marla's cunt came
in contact with Cindy's  Their pubic hairs intertwined.

     "We do fit, Cindy," Marla said.  "Can you feel it?"

     "Oh, yes, Marla."  Cindy smiled shyly up at her friend.  "You feel
really good on me."

     "Have you ever thought about doing this before, Cindy?" Marla
whispered.  "I've thought about it, a lot."

     "But, Marla," Cindy said.  "I thought you liked boys."

     "I do like boys, Cindy.  I like you, too.  Don't you like me?"

     In reply, Cindy took Marla's face in both her hands and kissed her
full on the mouth.  She hadn't planned on it, but it was what she want
ed to do.

     Marla moaned and opened her lips.  She jabbed her tongue into Cin
dy's mouth and kissed her deeply.  She ground her hips against Cindy's,
rubbing their pussies together.

     Cindy was immediately on fire.  Letting Marla make love to her
like this was, in some ways, even kinkier than making out with Billy.
She spread her legs and undulated her hips.  She could feel Marla's
clit rubbing against her own.

     Gasping for air, Cindy pulled her mouth away from Marla's.

     "You were right, Marla," Cindy grinned.  "We do fit perfectly.
Fuck me with your pussy, Marla.  I like it.  Fuck me good."

     Marla needed no further encouragement.  She ground her hips and
pressed her clit hard against her willing young partner.  She rubbed
her lush breasts against Cindy's firm tit-mounds, their nipples poking
hard, almost painfully, into each other.

     Cindy wrapped her arms around Marla.  She opened her mouth and
drew Marla's back down to her.  She kissed again, even more passionate
ly than before.

     The two girls were lost in a frenzy of lesbian lust.  Marla ground
her cunt against Cindy's and Cindy spread her legs to receive her.
Cindy clasped Marla to her breast, enjoying the soft, warm pressure of
Marla's breasts on hers.  Perspiration dripped from Marla onto Cindy
and mingled with hers.

     Cindy felt Marla's cunt juice dripping down onto her pussy.  She
gasped and shuddered.  She bucked her hips.

     "I'm coming," she whispered.  "Marla, you're...I've got to ...I'm
coming!"

     "Wait!" Marla wailed.  "Wait for me!"

     "I can't!  Oh, God, it's good!  Marla...your cunt...your tits...my
pussy...my God!"

     Cindy heaved and writhed on the bed.  Waves of nearly unbearable
pleasure crashed over her.  Marla had to hang on, she felt as she were
riding a bucking bronco.

     Suddenly, Marla was with her.  Marla's orgasm overtook her just as
Cindy was coming.  Electric contractions shot through her body from her
cunt to her head, making her shake and quiver all over.

     Marla's pussy-juice oozed from her cunt and dripped onto Cindy
where it mingled with hers and pooled on the bed between their legs.
The girls moaned and sighed in their mutual pleasure.  They had been
able to give each other something very special.

     Finally, when their pleasure was spent, Marla rolled off Cindy and
lay by her side.  They gently stroked each other's body, enjoying the
new intimacy they had discovered.

--
