The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




Subject: THE "CAMPING" TRIP--PART 2 (incest) 

                                      _________________________________

Hello again fellow CUMMERS, 
   See, I haven't fallen off the face of the earth.  I know this is way
too late and I apologize.  I plead summer vacation and just goofing off
plus a  family trip.
   I again want to thank the many people who wrote and if this sounds a
bit repetitive, I apologize, but I simply do not have the time to write
back to all you nice people.  There is one thing that I noticed cropping
up from time to time.  That has to do with just who I am.  You, who have
been regular readers of mine, have read it all before but if you will bear
with me for two paragraphs I will try to give a short (very) description
of myself for the newer readers,
   I'm a girl, about 14 years old  (almost 15) and about 4 foot eight
inches. (I've grown and continue to)  I have long sandy brown hair and I
started to write stories to tell my story (have since expanded) to people
who would not judge harshly a girl who actually enjoyed incest and said
so.
   I know that there will be those among you that will not believe all
that and while that once bothered me I have thought it over and realized
that if I delivered all the stories to you in person and stayed to give
all the guys blow-jobs and eat all the ladies, when I left there would be
someone who would say. ³You know, that's not really JOAN-CUM, she's really
a dirty old man (or something) sending this girl door to door. <G>  So
anymore I just tell the truth and let you believe what you wish.
   Thank you for bearing with me if you already knew that and if not,
welcum new readers.
   Again thank you to my friend Tom MAILLOUX for proofing this and showing
me all the tupos that I forgot.  If for no other reason, you should write
and thank this man for sparing you my bad typing. <GIGGLE>
   Now for the usual legal stuff:


                                ****WARNING****

      THIS STORY CONTAINS MATERIAL DEALING WITH
      SEX, INCEST, AND THE HUMAN BODY IN AN ADULT
      MANNER.  IF THIS TYPE OF MATERIAL OFFENDS YOU,
                  IS ILLEGAL WHERE YOU LIVE, OR YOU ARE NOT OF LEGAL
      AGE THEN DO NOT READ THIS OR DOWNLOAD IT.

      FURTHER READING OR DOWNLOADING OF THIS STORY
      CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT ON YOUR PART THAT
      THIS MATERIAL DOES NOT OFFEND YOU, THAT YOU
      ARE OF LEGAL AGE, AND THAT IT IS  NOT ILLEGAL
      TO OBTAIN THIS MATERIAL WHERE YOU LIVE.

   There, now on with the story , my own ³National Geographic.²<G>

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

               THE                                 PART 2
               "CAMPING" TRIP:
               the "water hole"

   You may have already noticed that "water hole" is in quotes like
"camping" and the reason is much the same.  Just as this was not a real
camping trip, except maybe in the imagination of a little girl, the Œole
water hole was, in reality, my friend Traci's swimming pool.  Traci and
her family lived right opposite us in the back so we were, in fact,
"camped out" between our two homes.
   There was a patch of woods (not much) by our yard on one side and our
big hike was to and through these "vast" woods to the other side which was
a golf course where we hid and spied on that, to our minds that day,
strange tribe that was out to get us if they saw us there. (If you ever
took a look at some of golfers around here with all the wild clothing,
being a separate tribe isn't such a stretch.) <G>
   We were playing, as kids do, and remaining hidden from this "vicious"
tribe so we saw some amorous "adventures", mostly kissing and feeling, but
one couple seemed there not to play golf but to play with each other and
as we watched them get it on I felt a hand on my ass and when I looked Rob
was not only feeling me up but was grabbing Jim's ass as well while Jim
had his cock out and was slowly stroking it..  But then a golf ball came
tearing through the trees where our couple was getting it on and they
figured, rightly, that the owner of that ball would soon be there looking
for it so they hurriedly pulled their clothes together and were off,
looking, I suppose, for another spot in which to fuck.
   This disappointed Jim, to put it mildly and he worked to put his boner
back in his pants.  I went over to him to "help" and promised him that
when we got to the "water hole" that I would "see" to his "problem".  That
seemed to do the trick and we went off, Rob leading and a smiling Jim
following with little sister bringing up the rear--and feeling up Jim's
rear as we walked!
   As we approached the pool enclosure (a big screen thing) Rob called out
that it was just us because we didn't want anyone to panic if they were
lounging around the pool as Traci and her folks usually did, in the nude. 
At first we thought that no one was there but then we heard a small voice
(Traci) call out to cum in.
   Just so you'll  know,  Traci is about my age--plus or minus one or two
months--and we all (my brothers and I) had been sucking her off for
several years now and and we had been fucking her too.  (Well, my brothers
had.)
   We all kissed Traci and felt her up and she, in turn, helped us out of
our clothes to be as nude as she was,  But, let's face it, it doesn't take
much effort to skin someone out of a T-shirt and shorts.  None of us had
on underwear, not even me with my new "sexy" outfit.
   We told Traci all about us "camping out" and she thought that was, to
use a word she used a lot then, "NEAT".   When we got around to what we
saw at the golf course and especially the couple that were trying to fuck
things began to change.  Before they got going too much Traci pulled away
from Rob who was hugging and kissing her while Jim and I played with each
other and watched.
   Traci jumped into the pool and invited us all in.  (Like it took that
to get us in there on a hot day.)  We were playing around, wrestling and
dunking each other with a good many feels going on.  I would swim
underwater between Jim or Rob's legs and tease their hard cocks as I went
by either with a light stroke or two or a kiss--or, most likely, both!!
<G>  One time I was in a deeper part treading water when I felt something
tickling my pussy and looked down to see Traci kissing it as she swam by
with an aroused Rob in hot pursuit.
   Traci pulled herself up onto the side of the pool to "get away from
Rob" but really it was just to tease him some more.  She sat there with
her legs in the water and spread wide open so that when  Rob "caught" her
his face was right in her crotch.
   She began to tell him to cool down but I could tell from her actions
that she really didn't want him too and was, in fact, as horny, if not
more so, than he was.  That was saying something because I thought that
Rob was going to start humping the wall of the pool there for a moment.
   That's when I felt Jim's finger playing around my asshole and I reached
behind me and gave his stiff dick a stroke or two--or three----or
four------or .....................  That finger left my asshole rim and
moved to my cunt to slide up and down the lips.
   "That looks like fun, Joan.  Why don't you get on the side of the pool
so I can eat you like I just know Rob's going to do to Traci."  
   I must admit that the idea of my brother eating me out while my other
brother ate my best friend right beside me was VERY much a turn-on so ,
without a second thought, I swam to Traci and pulled myself up and sat
beside her and when I looked between my legs Jim was there and ready.
   Sure enough, Rob started to kiss Traci's inner thighs as she protested
that she wasn't "that" kind of girl. (Sure, Traci, we all believed that
especially when you put your hands on the back of Rob's head and pulled
him closer.)
   Jim's method for eating pussy is a bit slower than his method for
sucking cock---thank goodness.  He started with small light kisses on my
inner thighs and worked his way closer till he was at that crease where
leg joins torso and there he stopped for some long licks up and down it.
   Meanwhile Rob had gotten to Traci's pussy and had his hands on either
side of it opening the outer lips and admiring the inner lips which he
then flicked his tongue tip over before kissing and sucking on the till
they opened like dark pink pedals.
   He stopped for a moment to admire his "work" and that is when Traci
pulled his head forward.  Now Rob didn't exactly mind this and as his
mouth disappeared against Traci's cunt I saw his tongue stick out and bury
itself in her.  I could tell by the far away look on her face that he was
probably probing around in her and later when Traci and I "compared notes"
she told me that's just what he was doing.
   Jim had reached my pussy and was kissing the slit lightly up and down
it and then he began to lick ACROSS it in little flicks of his tongue but
after a couple of trips up and down the slit he stopped at the bottom of
it and started to lick hard right up it and his tongue just slid into me. 
At first he licked lightly (Once inside.) and stayed outside of the inner
lips---no easy feat as they were puffed open--but after a few teasing
licks near my clit he pushed his tongue inside those pink lips and began
to explore my depths..  
   Traci later told me that Rob began by licking around the walls of her
cunt and probing his tongue deep now and again, and judging by the moans
and groans cumming from Traci, I would guess it was more now than then.
   She said he then started sort of making little side trips, if you 
will, to her still hooded clit.  She said that his tongue would just graze
the hood at first and tease her enough that, in time, her clit swelled
free of that hood and his tongue would spend longer and longer there until
he seemed to spend all his time fluttering his tongue over it and sucking
on her little bundle of nerves.
   One way that I could tell just how close Traci was to orgasm was by
watching how she held onto Rob's head.  The closer that she got the
tighter she held him to her till, at the end. she wrapped her legs around
his upper  back and pulled him completely to her and at the same time
pushed her pussy into his face.  For a while there I wasn't sure if he
could breathe but he seemed to manage.
   At the same time Jim had moved from tongue fucking me to sucking hard
on my clit while he played his tongue tip over it in rapid little strokes 
Jim then put a two fingers from one hand into my pussy and started to
finger fuck me while he concentrated on my clit.
   Both Traci and I were throwing our heads back and shaking them from
side to side and later I was amazed that we never bumped into each other.
   By this time I had put my legs around Jim and had my fingers entwined
in his hair and, even though you might think that Traci would have CUM
first, it was me.
   The progression of feeling it build within me and work it's way to my
clit only to explode happened a "BIT" fast this time.  I felt the tingle
start and before I knew it I was CUMMING.
   "Ah..ahhh..ahhh..EEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!,
JIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
EEEEEEEEE---YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!  EAT YOUR SISTER'S
CUNNYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!! 
OOOOHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaa...........aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhh!!!!! 
OOOOOOOOooooooooohhhhhhhhaaaaaa..aaaahhhhaaaaa...aahhaa..ooooooooh!"
   (I was a bit quieter than that with us being outside but all that was
going through my mind)
   Somewhere during my CUM my "show of joy" (One way to put it, I
suppose)<GIGGLE> set Traci off and she exploded herself.
   "YiiiiiIIIIIIIIII--eeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!! 
ROBBYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY (I think that that was the only
circumstance that  anyone to called Rob that---that and when a certain
sister teased him.) <G> OOOOOOHHHHHHHHHH, YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, LICK
MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
AAAAARRRRRGGGGGGHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAaaaaaaaaa......aaaaahhhhhhhhgggggggggaaaa..aahh..oooooohhhhh!!!"
   Somehow Traci and I ended up holding each other and as we came back to
earth from our highs we kissed and whispered working out our next move.
   Since Rob and Jim had not gotten off they were still the proud owners
of two boners.(O.K., so I'm no poet.) and since Traci and I were
soooooooooo considerate (spelled "HORNY") young ladies we decide to do
something about this matter.
   We discussed having them sit on the edge of the pool while we got in
and sucked them off but we settled on something else.  First we slipped
back into the pool and had the guys move to a shallower part of the side. 
(We were a bit short then.)
   We then did something that we had talked over, we switched brothers,
Traci was going to screw Jim and I got horny Rob.  We got between them and
the side of the pool and reached down to hold their hard dicks.  As they
started to feel us up we rubbed the swollen heads of their cocks over our
puffed cunt lips letting them feel the heat and gathering, although they
were washed away quickly in the pool, some of our juices.
   Then Traci and I did something that being in water helps, although you
can do it on dry land too.  We wrapped one of our legs around the guys and
pulled then into us very slowly, first the head of their cocks entered us
an inch, if that much, and then inch by slow inch disappeared up us till
their balls were touching us and that is when we reached around their
asses and held them tight to us as we just enjoyed the feeling of being
stuffed with rigid dick.
   We were both holding them in a tight embrace and a deep kiss but as we
lessened the pressure on our kiss we  pulled our cunts back to where only
their cock heads were in us and,with one hand shoved a finger up their
asses without warning and the shock of that made them start and drive
their cocks into us where they set up a fuck rhythm but every time they
pulled out of us they impaled their assholes on our fingers.
   After eating us out these were two VERY horny brothers and as they
kissed us or sucked our nipples they pumped their rigid cocks into us fast
and deep.  
   Jim was the first to tell one and all that he was cumming and he did it
so subtly that you had to read between the lines. <G>
   "Tray, CUMMMMMMMMMMMINGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!"
   "Uh...uhhh...uuUUUHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH--YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
OH..OH...OHHHH...FUCK...FUCK...FUCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!! 
TRACI-II--IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
   Traci later told me that his CUM felt good and hot and that every shot
was powerful. Jim always has been a strong CUMMER so I readily believed
her.
   Part way through Jim's orgasm Traci said the CUM hitting her cunt walls
was all that she needed to go over the top again and she told us all,
"Jim, me TOO!!" (Gee, don't those two really say a lot? <GIGGLE>
   "Oh...ah..OOO___AAAHHHHHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO,
JIMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  OH, FUCKKKKKKK
MEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!   RAM IT HOMEEEEEEE!!!!!!!! 
CUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  AHAHAHAHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!! 
EEEEEEYYYYAAAAAAAAaaaaaaaaaaa...aaahhhh.........oooooooooooo..ah!!"
   All this noisy CUMMING just spurred Rob on and he pumped that cock into
me even faster.  And he also slid a hand behind me and pushed a finger in
my asshole as deep as he could.  This, as you no doubt guessed, sent me
right over the top.
   "Oh Rob, that did it, I'm cu-cu--cumMIGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!"
   "Ah..aahh....aAAhhHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH,
ROBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  eeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAA!!!!!! 
UH.UH..UH..UH..UHAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!  FUCKKKKK  MEEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!
   All this finally got to Rob and with a few more thrusts he arched his
back a pulled me tight to him as he drove deep into me.  I could close my
eyes and from the feelings I knew that his cock head swelled a bit more
and then his CUM shot from the piss hole and cover my pussy walls over and
over again till it filled me.
   Oh...ugh..UGHHHHHHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAA, JOANNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!! 
AAAAARRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHAAAAAAAAAAAA!!!!!!!!!!!
   Rob's CUM seeped out of my cunt and rose to the surface of the pool and
make little creamy spots on the water.
   I started to gobble those spots up before they had a chance to spread
out and when I got to the side near Jim and Traci I could not tell which
was from Jim and which from Rob so I just ate them all. (This sure beats
bobbing for apples> <GIGGLE>
   (Now I have to add a note here that we were not as loud as my writing
makes us sound because we were outdoors but since shouting in a story IS
rather quiet <G>.........so, why not?)
   We all just kind of stood there leaning on each other and then, when we
settled down a bit, we just floated around the pool on our backs.  This is
one of the nice things about screwing in a pool, you can relax afterwards
nicely.
   We ended up lying around the pool relaxing and feeling each other up
but in the end Jim, Rob, and I slipped our shorts and T-shirts back on and
headed home for a warm meal and to sleep in our own beds-----or someone's
bed <GIGGLE> our "big" camping trip wrapped up.

__________________________________________________________
             END "CAMPING" TRIP      PART TWO
               FINISH OF STORY

   Well there you have our big "camping" trip--one night in a tent in our
back yard and an "expedition" to the "wastelands" of a golf course and the
ending up at the "Œole water hole" for a screw.
   Next, I want to tell you about a fictitious, sad to say, date that Tom
Mailloux and I are planning at an Inn in Maine with plenty of other
characters doing....................welllllllllllll, you'll see.
      Until we meet here again keep CUMMING,
        the Œole CUM sucker,
         Joan

