OC weekend, pt. 2
Well, after the guys left, I licked off the rest of their cum, showered and 
went to bed.  When I woke up the next morning, I decided to go to the 
beach.  The only problem was that all my swimsuits are a bit conservative. 
I wanted to feel trashy so I'd be ready for what was to come later that 
night so I went shopping.  I went and bought the smallest white bikini I 
could find (white lets your nipples show through).  Then, I went back to my 
hotel and decided to go all the way.  So, I took some shaving cream and a 
razor and shaved my pussy clean.  When I put on my new bikini, not only 
could you see my nipples but my cunt outline was pretty visible.

I went down to the beach and, after taking a splash (that made my nipples 
so hard they just shined right through my top) I laid out.  Every once in a 
while I would look around and notice the guys looking at me.  Now, don't 
get the wrong idea.  I don"t have a big ego nor do I think that I have a 
great body.  It's just that I have always felt that nudity is very sexual 
when other people are around.  All I did that day was lay in the sun, 
watching some of the guys, getting excited at the guys watching me, and 
think about the night ahead.  Of course, I started thinking "oh, you won't 
really do this.....they either won't show up or you just wont let them in" 
(I've been with two guys before but never three).  However, during the 
course of the day (and after many fantasies about it) I was ready to go.  
By the end of the day, I wanted to go back and fuck myself silly with my 
dildo.  It took a lot of willpower not to.

After I grabbed a quick bite to eat, I went and bought a couple of adult 
mags and went back to my room.  I hopped in the bath and looked thru the 
mags I had bought (Penthouse and Stags X-Rated film guide). As I read the 
forum letters in Penthouse and had a few beers, my pussy just started 
aching.  The more I read, the more it ached.  By the time I got to the Stag 
mag. I was about to go crazy but I resisted.  At about ten of 9 I got out 
of the tub, put on my robe, and waited.

At 9 on the dot I got a knock on the door.  I opened it and let them in. (I 
noticed I forgot to tell you about them.  So, they were all college age 
and.............
       
       Mike - average build, about 6' tall, brown hair and eyes, 8" cock.
       Tim  - muscular build, about 5' 8" tall, sandy blond hair and
              brown eyes, 7" cock.
       Kirk - average build, about 6' tall, red hair and blue eyes, 7.5"
              cock.

Anyway, back to it...............they came in to the room and we put the 
beer in the cooler.  We sat and talked a bit while they caught up to me in 
the drinking department.  After they were getting a pretty good buzz, I 
stood up and said "last night I was the boss......tonight you are".  Kirk 
responded "oh yeah, how about a blowjob then".  So, I went over, knelt in 
front of him, unzipped his pants and took his dick into my mouth.  Within a 
couple of seconds it was rock hard.  He started grinding his hips, trying 
to get more of his cock into my mouth.  I looked up and said "like I said, 
you all are the boss tonight" and then I went back to sucking.  He started 
moaning as his hips moved faster and faster.  Then, he grabed my head and 
started shoving the rest of his cock in and out while saying "suck it 
bitch...suck it". Then, with a loud moan, he came.  I just kept sucking, 
trying to get all the cum I could.  After he finished, I stood up and said 
"what would you all like now".  Well, it only took Mike and Tim about 2 
seconds to strip.  Mike grabed me and took off my robe.  That's when they 
finally noticed my shaved pussy.  Mike just looked at Tim and said "this 
bitch is hot."  With that, Mike rubbed my shaved pussy and, getting his 
fingers wet, licked them and threw me on the bed.  Then he and Tim joined 
me.  The were so worked up they could not go fast enough.  That was fine 
with me because at that point, I just wanted to be fucked.  I did not care 
how or by who.  Mike started sucking on my tits while Tim started licking 
my shaved pussy.  I started to cum a couple of times but Tim stopped and 
said "you can't until we say you can bitch". Then Tim worked one of his 
fingers up into my ass while he was eating my pussy.  That was it......I 
started moaning and came.

After I came, Tim and Mike were pissed.  Mike started yelling "whore, we 
said you could not cum, you will have to be punished."  And with that, they 
took me and tied me face down to the bed.  Normally, I would have been 
scared but like I said, I just wanted a fuck.  

They then asked me where my dildo was and I told them in the bed side 
table.  Tim got it and then got behind me.  I then felt it rub against my 
pussy, which was soaked.  In the mean time, Mike got in front of me and 
ordered me to suck his cock.  Having little choice, I started sucking his 
cock nice and hard.  He responded by grinding his hips, pushing his cock in 
even further.  Then, suddenly, I felt something entering my ass-hole.  I 
let out a moan and Tim said "so, this bitch likes having things in her 
ass.......if you're a good girl, you can have my cock later." With Tim 
fucking my ass with the dildo and Mike fucking my mouth, I was quickly 
becoming oblivious to all else.  Then,  Kirk came up and said "she gives 
great head but I want her pussy."  He then crawled underneath me.  He then 
shoved his cock deep into my pussy and said "if you let Mike's cum spill on 
me bitch, you'll pay."

Tim slowly pulled out the dildo from my ass and replaced it with his cock.  
It felt so good as he rammed my ass.  Mike grabed my head and started 
shoving his cock into my mouth as hard and deep as he could. Between Tim 
fucking my ass, Mike fucking my mouth and Kirk fucking my pussy, I was 
simply gone.  It seemes like that all there was in the world was pleasure.

We kept fucking (or rather, they kept fucking me) for what seemed like 
forever.  Then, with one hard ram of his cock, Mike shot his load into my 
mouth.  As soon as I got a taste of his cum, I started to cum as well. And, 
once I started, I just could not stop.  It seemed that every time Tim or 
Kirk pumped their cocks into me, I came again.  Tim finally let out a 
moan as I felt him shoot his load deep inside my ass.  However, since Kirk 
had already cum once, he was still going strong (which was great with me).  
However, all good things must cum to an end and so did his stamina.  He 
started fucking me as hard as he could and finally came.

I'm not sure what happened for about ten min. after that I was so out of 
it.  When I finally came back to reality, I was still tied to the bed. For 
the rest of the night, I was forced to satisfy them in anyway.  It was 
simply great.

The next day was the day I had to leave.  So before I left, I went over to 
their room and gave them all a goodbye blowjob, letting them shoot their 
cum all over my face and then licking it off.  They gave me their names and 
where they lived (they said they went to Salisbury State College) so who 
knows............maybe again?
