Hello there once again.......this is Candy West.  Well, it seems that
my original idea for message base 5 is not going over as well as I
would like it to.  Therefore, I going to make a small change to the
scope of base 5.  I would still like to hear about any gay experiences
(from the gals or, ~heaven for bid, the guys).  However, I would also
like to start an X-Rated Movie Guide.  What I would like for everybody
to do is simply tell me about any good or bad X-Rated movies you have
seen.  I would like the movies rated on a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being
the worst and 5 being the best.  I would also like you to tell me why
you gave the movie the rating you did (what do you look for in an
X-Rated movie and did the ~particular movie have it).  Also, if a movie
seems to center around theme a (example:  "Stiff Competition" centers
around cock sucking; "Back Door Girls" centers around ass fucking),
please mention it as well. I will condense the information and enter it
into message base 5 as a general message to all users.  

There are only 2 thing that I ask and they are for the same reason:
DISK SPACE.  First, please keep your ratings short and to the point.

Secondly, this is not intended to be a general message base but rather
a base for you to tell us about any gay encounters you have had or
witnessed.  If you would like some one to go into more detail, let
them know but don't go off on a tangent about why you like old cars
or why you like to get fucked on the beach.  Remember, as I have said
before, this is for gay experiences.

Well, let me know what you think about this idea for base 5.
