Hey Matt...I went to that adult book store today after work.....

**************************************************************************
Making sure I packed my favorite dildos and a small bottle of baby oil, I
went to work in anticipation of visiting the adult book store I had heard
about.  The day seemed like it would never end.

Finially, the day was over.  Stopping at McDonalds to change out of my work
cloths and into a very tight mini-skirt with no bra or panties,  I drove
over to the book store.  When I walked in, it was a normal store with a big
sign against the back wall "You must be over 18 to enter this section." 
Getting my ID out, I showed it to the attendant and then entered.  Man,
what a thrill!  I had never been in an adult bookstore before and I felt
myself get instantly wet seeing all the magazine covers of people sucking
and fucking.  Behind the counter, they had all kinds of vibrators, dildos,
dolls and male "blow job" devices.  I went over to the counter and got $10
in tokens for the video boths.  I browsed through the magazins, gang bang
sceens, women on women, men on men, bondage...all of it.  I finially could
not stand it any longer and went into the video both section.  I could hear
muffled sounds comming from some of the boths and finially found one that
was vacant.

Entering the dark booth, I droped a quarter in the machince and began my
movie.  Taking a seat, I pulled my skirt up and began to gently rub my
cunt.  I had just started and I was already soaked.  Looking around, I
found the two peep holes, one on each side.  Walking over to each of them,
I watched on guy jack off (I LOVE TO WATCH PEOPLE) and the other booth I
saw a guy sucking a cock off.  I went back to my chair and continued to rub
my cunt.  Pulling my top down, my nipples became hard as I pinched them.  I
was vaguly aware of the boths door next to mine open and then close.  I got
my dildos out and, greasing up one with the baby oil, inserted it into my
ass.  I got chills down my spine.

"Hey lady....looking good!" I heard from one of the holes in the wall. 
Turning my to face the hole, I shoved the other dildo into my cunt.  "You
like?"  I asked.  

"Yeah....you've got me hotter than these videos get me....never seen a
woman here before" he said.  "Well, if your tthhaatttttt hot, let's see
some meat.....poke that cock of your through the hole" I replied.

Not needing a second invatition, I was rewarded with a huge, thick, purple
cock.  His cock looked every bit as big and thick as John Holmes.  I steped
over to the hole and took the cock into my hand.  "I hope you can handle
it...not many women can...than't why I come here and jack off".  I answered
him by licking the shaft of his cock and then engulfing the head of it with
my mouth.

I could understand why many woman could not handle his cock...it was so
thick and despite its size, very hard (big cocks tend not to get all that
hard).  I slowly worked his cock into my mouth and could feel his eagerness
while I reamed my pussy with the dildo that was in it.

Once I had about 2/3 of his cock comfortable in my mouth, I began to slowly
pump it into and out of my mouth feeling the head of his shaft in my
throat.  After several times, I was rewarded with a health dose of pre-cum. 
I heard another voice say "Hey, bend that ass over here and let me take the
place of that dildo".  I obliged and was rewarded with a nice sized cock in
my cunt.  

The cock I was sucking on began to explode in my mouth, spewing forth much
more cum than I could handle as it ozzed out of my mouth, down my chin and
onto the floor.  I felt the guy fucking me from behind begin to cum all to
soon.  Behing totally worked up, as the fuck I had gotten did nothing but
make me even hornier, I turned around and bent over.  Taking the monster
cock into my hand, I slid it into my cunt.

Feeling the head of his cock enter me sent chills down my spine.  With a
little effort, I was soon able to take as much of his cock as stuck thru
the hole in the wall.  It had been a long time since I was totally reamed
out by such a huge cock and I wanted it hard and deep.  Banging my ass
against the wall, I forced that cock as hard and deep into my cunt as I
could.  I was then rewarded the the first of a wave of orgasums, one afer
another.  I rode his cock for a good 10 min. before I felt him begin to
surge.  "Oh yeah!  I've never cum twice before.....take it" he moaned as I
felt him fill my cunt with another health load of cum.

After pulling his cock out, I pulled up my skirt and gathered my things.  I
then peered into the hole and said "Hey...meet me outside of the store in
about 5 min."  We meet and chated for a few minuets and exchanged phone
numbers.  I told him point blank that I wanted to see him again, anytime,
as long as I could have that cock of his.  He laughed and said he would
call tomorrow....I'll have to wait and see.

