                        - The Card Game -
                       by Frank MacGregor
                       writing as AN145114

                   (c) 1994 by Frank MacGregor


We giggled in anticipation as we cleared a space on the grass.
Jeanie got a deck of cards from her breast pocket.  It was time for
our weekly game of cards, and where better to play than on a sunny
clearing deep in the woods.  The sky was overcast all morning, but
this afternoon the sun has been shining and things seem to be right
with the world.  The other two, Debbie and Sally, balked when Joey
came along, but Jeanie told us it would be okay.  It would be fun.
He was only 11; he wouldn't bother us.  Besides, Jeanie was baby-
sitting him while their parents were out of town.  It made sense:
somebody had to look after him.  My name is Ann.  I'm the oldest at
16 but we're all teenagers except for Joey.

"Do you want to play, Joey?" asked Sally.

"Naw, don't know how," he said.  "I'll just watch."

"Yeah, I bet you will," said Sally, nervously fingering her
teenager's breasts.  We were all a bit nervous.  It's always a
thrill to take off your clothes in the middle of the woods.
Someone could come along and see you in all your glory.  "Have you
ever seen a bunch of girls who didn't have any clothes on?" she
asked.  Joey could only blush.

I shuffled the cards and dealt while Debbie finished her Coke and
the other two sat cross-legged on the ground -- Jeanie, Sally,
Debbie, me.  Jeanie looked at her cards and said, "I bet my blouse.
This is a pretty good hand."  Sally folded, and Debbie and I stayed
in.  I dealt another card around.  Then, with an "Aw, shucks,"
Jeanie folded.  She looked around at the woods to make sure no one
had crept up on our sunny clearing, and nervously unbuttoned her
blouse.  Being the one to begin the ritual dance isn't always easy,
especially with a younger brother looking on.

Debbie and Sally chimed in with, "All the way, Jeanie.  The blouse:
take it off."  Joey's eyes were bulging.  Jeanie knew her brother
could see her bra in the shade of the open, yellow blouse.  She
blushed and slipped the blouse off.

"That's a pretty bra, Jeanie," I said.  "Mom won't let me get a
see-through.  Is it lace?"

"Yeah, it's my first like this."  Her nipples showed through pink
as morning flowers, and Joey blushed again.  Jeanie giggled: "Stop
staring, Joey, you've seen 'em before."  At 14 Jeanie's breasts
have started their budding process; actually, they are filling out
quite nicely.  Jeanie told me she used to go naked in front of Joey
all the time, teasing him, seeing if she could make him get a hard
on.  That is, until she herself started getting breasts.

Sally looked at Jeanie's nipples poking through the bra and
flushed.  It never failed.  Every time Jeanie took her clothes off
Sally got embarrassed.  And you could guess her own nipples tingled
by watching her squirm around on the grass.

"Come on, you guys," said Jeanie.  "Quit looking at my boobs and
play the hand."

Debbie said: "Okay, I bet my shorts.  How about you, Ann?  It's
just you and me now."

I knew my two fives wouldn't have a chance.  "I fold," I said, and
pulled off my T-shirt.  I wasn't wearing a bra -- never do.  I
suppose my small breasts quivered as the shirt came over my head.
I like the feel of my hands on my tits.  When I play with myself I
usually massage them first, then pinch the nipples to make them
hard.  Anyway, Joey said, "Golly you have big tits, Ann."  I
already told you I'm the oldest.  I didn't say that my tits never
did fill out.  At my age you'd expect them to be bigger.  Instead
of grapefruits, think lemons.  (Creamy white lemons.  Upturned pink
flower buds on the tips.)  I sure don't have big tits like Joey
said.  He deserves a feelie for his sweet comment.

"Come here, Joey," I said.  Joey walked over, hands in pockets, and
I pulled down his blue jeans.  Then I placed his hand on my bare
breast.

"What's that called?" Joey asked, his fingers squeezing my nipple.
My gosh, how do you present Sex Ed 101 to an eleven-year-old?  Oh,
well, we were the ones who insisted he follow along; should have
known this would happen.

"Um, that's my flower," I said.  "Ouch! don't pinch!"  I must have
raised my voice -- the birds stopped chirping.  A squirrel scolded
us and scampered up a tree next to the clearing, continuing his
"chee, chee, chee" from a safe vantage.

"Will the other one hurt if I squeeze it?" he asked.

"Of course it will, dummy," Jeanie said disgustedly.  The card game
had stopped in mid-stream, and the others were watching to see how
I'd handle this.  My eyes were watering madly.

"How come they're pink?" he asked, looking at my lemon-sized
breasts.  "Do all blondes have pink, uh, flowers?"  I, also, looked
down at my nipples, brushed his hand away.

"No, Joey, that's like asking if all blondes have blue eyes," I
replied in my coolest voice.  My nipple/flower still hurt from his
squeeze, and I wanted to massage it.  "They're pink just because
they're pink, and I really don't know why.  Now go play with
yourself and let us finish our card game."  The birds started their
chirping in the trees again.

I turned back to the others and said, "Since Mom won't let me get
see-throughs, I just don't wear bras.  Hope that scene isn't a
prelude to the rest of the game.  Maybe it wasn't such a good idea,
after all, to bring Joey with us.  Come on, let's play cards."  I
was getting over the nipple-squeeze (that'll teach me to give out
feels as reward for flattery) and settling back into the spirit of
the game.  Unbelievably, my pinched nipple was showing signs of
erectness: it tingled.

"Whose deal?" Debbie asked.

It was Jeanie's turn to deal.  She looked down at herself as she
shuffled the cards and was pleased to see her pointy breasts
through the lace bra.  Apparently the Joey-scene was forgotten;
before she started dealing she massaged a breast and saw its pink
bud harden.  Sally watched her and began to squeeze her own little
breasts in anticipation.  Jeanie looked so good in her white shorts
and transparent bra.  Fully with it, I massaged my breasts, pinched
their nipples.  (Yes, even the one Joey abused.)  Pretty soon they
hardened up, and I knew I was on the dusty road to Masturbation
Village.  I pulled up my skirt, looked at my cheerleader thighs,
and pulled out the elastic top of my panties.  Curly dishwater-
blond hair is beginning to grow between my legs again.  I slipped
a hand into my panties to massage my secret place;
mm...Masturbation Village is definitely on the near horizon.

The cards were dealt and Debbie started the betting.  "This hand
sucks, but I'll bet my shorts on it anyway.  I'm just dying to get
naked."

"Debbie, if you want to take off your clothes, do it," said Sally.
"My shorts are coming off now," whereupon she stood up, unbuttoned,
and pulled them down.  "I'm still playing this hand, though.  So
when it's my turn I can bet my panties."  Her long legs crossed
Indian fashion as she sat, and the wet spot on her blue panties
indicated her arousal.  "Oh, god, I'm going to come in my pants,"
she thought to herself.  "I'm already squishy."

"Hm, I'll wait to see how this hand turns out," said Debbie, noting
Sally's dampness.  "So quit playing with yourself for a minute,
Jeanie, and deal the next card."

Jeanie stopped playing with her teenage breasts and dealt the
round.  And immediately resumed her ministrations.  Both nipples
were now hard under the lacy see-through, and her panties were
probably getting wet.  Mine would have been.  In fact I was wet by
now.

Sally checked her hand.  It was a good one, three 10's, but she was
more interested in getting naked.  She folded her cards, stood up,
and pulled down her panties.  The high mount between her legs was
sprinkled with fine, brown hair.  She spread her thighs for us so
we could see her wetness.

"Sally, I could be mistaken, but it looks like your clit is already
swelling," said Debbie.  "It's as thick as my finger!  You really
get off on this, don't you?"

"Yeah...would you bring me over the edge, Debbie?" Sally croaked.
"I'm almost there even though I...mm...still have my blouse on."
Sally was running her hands over her thighs; she smoothed her brown
pubic hair.  It looked delicious!  Then she grabbed the bottom of
her shirt and pulled it over her breasts.  (So much for Sally's
participation in the card game.)  Heck, she didn't even need a
training bra; she had to have the smallest tits in our group.  A
drop of sweat trickled between the little mounds.  Her nipples were
brown to match her hair.  Sally really was close to the edge.  She
began to moan and sigh, and poor Joey didn't know what to make of
it.

"That's okay, Joey, Sally isn't hurting and she wants to be naked,"
I said.  "Come on over here and feel my flowers."  Can't believe I
said that; but I had to try and calm him down, or distract him, one
or the other.  Joey walked over and started playing with my little
tit while he watched Sally in her ecstasy.  My own tinglies were
beginning to take hold, what with Joey fingering my erect nipple.
Off came my skirt next.  Sure enough, my panties were wet: not only
did they follow the contours of my vulva, but you could see the
darn lips!  So I wiggled out of them.  God, it feels good to be
naked!  Joey continued to play with my breasts.  Hey, that's okay,
as long as he doesn't pinch.  By now my tinglies are approaching
frothy, and breathing is harder.  "Watch closely, Joey," I panted,
in the interests of advanced Sex Ed.  "This is what makes a girl
feel real good."  I figured that the sooner he learns how to take
care of business, the better.  Fascinated, he watched my fingers
massage my twat, spreading its wetness over my clit.

Sally, in her naked splendor, walked over to Debbie.  Smiling shyly
to Debbie, she spread her slim thighs, presenting her dewy warmth.
Her eyes closed, and she sighed as Debbie stroked her.  Although
Debbie just turned 15, she has the largest breasts in our group.
Now she pulled off her shirt and unhooked her bra.  My, how those
boobs jiggle!  She leaned over to get the empty Coke bottle, and
her nipples almost scraped the grass in their pendulum sway. She
told Sally to spread her legs again.  Sally hesitated as she
realized what Debbie wanted to do with the Coke bottle.  "No,
please, do me with just your fingers, Debbie," she moaned as she
stretched out, knees raised to the sky, her pale skin making a
sharp contrast with the grass.

"Okay," said Debbie.  "But then you do me."  Debbie unbuttoned her
shorts, pulled them off, and wiggled out of her panties.  She had
such a thick thatch of black hair between her legs that you
couldn't see her lips.  Her sloping breasts jiggled mightily as she
adjusted herself next to Sally, her left hand finding Sally's
pussy, the middle finger easing itself in.  Her thumb pulsed
Sally's clit, and Sally started to groan; her breath came in short
pants, and she started pushing herself against Debbie's thumb.

It must be pretty obvious: the card game is over.  Complete.  Its
goal has been accomplished, namely to give us an excuse to start
taking off our clothes in the middle of the woods.  Once we start,
it's just as obvious that nature takes care of the rest, no pun
intended.  Jeanie unhooked her bra (that sensual, lacy, see-through
job, remember?), and let it drop to the ground.  I really don't
think it did much for her breasts except display her nipples; her
boobs seem just as pert without it.  Ah, but now they certainly
jiggle, kind of like Jell-o as opposed to Debbie's jiggle.  She
slipped off her shorts, pulled down her panties, and lay down on
the ground to start doing herself.

We were all naked now except for Joey, and nobody really cared
whether he got natural or not.  By now I was fingering myself
frantically, right on the brink of orgasm, tinglies frothing.  I
eased my middle finger as far into myself as it would go and
swirled it around.  With my thumb I gave my clit a final message,
and felt my tinglies burst.

After Sally finished Debbie off, we lay naked and exhausted on the
grass.  Eventually I pulled on my panties and skirt, then pulled my
T-shirt over my breasts.  I could see that Sally already had her
shorts on and was putting on her shirt.  Debbie had some trouble
getting her breasts back into her bra cups; finally she pulled on
her panties and shorts.  Jeanie hooked the see-through bra and
pulled her yellow blouse over her shoulders.

We were all dressed now except for Joey.  Jeanie had to pull his
pants up for him.  We collected the cards and started home, another
satisfying card game under our belts, so to speak.  Oh, and Joey?
Well, Jeanie wiped off her hand in the grass after pulling up his
pants.  Enough said?
