	CAROLINA DAYS: THE FIELDS CAN BE SENSUAL AFTER ALL

Me and Jimmy had just finished putting away the tractor...y'know during the
summer you can stay out in the fields til about 10 or so. Daddy had gone
into town with Momma: They wouldn't be back until after midnight. I decided
to go swimming in the pond that was about a quarter of a mile out in the
field.  I asked Jimmy, who's my best friend, to come along (you always swim
with a partner in case you get into trouble). Jimmy was as hot and sweaty
as I was, so he was quite willing.

The pond is about 100' x 40', and 15' deep. There are frogs and snakes and
fish that inhabit it, but not enough to cause any problems when you're
swimming.  We'd gone and grabbed some towels, and had reached the pond. We
pulled off our clothes (except shorts) and ran into the water. You could
run out about 10 feet or so until you reached neck high (Jimmy could go out
a farther than I could).  We started swimming and did for about 15 mins. or
so. When we were beginning to get a bit tired, we swam into where we could
sit while still in the water.

Jimmy looked like the traditional Carolina farmboy. Blonde hair, about
5'10", 155 lbs., not too muscular (okay...the idealized...HOT...carolina
farm boy...but it is my story), and with a drawl that could send shivers up
the most jaded yankee's back. Jimmy leaned back into the water so that most
of his body was floating but his head and shoulders were still on the
ground. I was doing the same, when I saw the he was taking off his shorts.
Well, my dick started to get hard in a hurry. Jimmy rolled over on top of
me and said "It looks like I had the right idea." He slid my shorts off,
flipped them up on the shore next to his, and then kissed me deeply.

Jimmy's cock was 6.5" (sorry...no fraction key on this terminal), and mine
was 6": While we were kissing, I could hold both together and jack them
slowly.  this was a major turn on for the both of us. I could feel Jimmy's
body getting warmer as we kissed. I then rolled over and worked my way down
to his dick. The taste of his skin and the water mixing together was ever
so enticing. I decided to hold his hips down in the water. His cock head
was about 6" under the water so I had to go under to suck on it. I could
feel his hip and legs buck while I worked on him; I could feel but not hear
his sighs and moans.

Jimmy finally took me and we moved out to where the water was up to our
pecks.  He beat our cocks together as we kissed, while his other hand
explored my ass. After about 5 minutes of our both exploring each other in
this way, he lifted me up and slid his cock into me. The water wasn't cold
(this was mid- June) but I felt shivers run up my spine as he started to
pump. The great joy of being in the water was that I could hold onto his
neck while he fucked and jacked me off. The sensual nature of the setting
had us both ready to shoot our loads. As Jimmy came in me, I shot my cum
into the water. It seemed minutes before we had finished cumming. Jimmy
carried me in the same postition up to the shore: We were still in the
water, and Jimmy seemed ready to fuck in a more traditional manner.

By the time we had finished the second time, it was almost midnight. We
toweled off and headed toward the house. We reached the house just as Daddy
and Momma had driven up. They asked if we had a good swim, which we did.
The rest of the summer went on like that, sometimes we'd go swimming:
Sometimes we'd stay over at each other's houses. Sometimes we'd even fuck
after going out on dates with girls (you know how rural Carolina can be
toward *fags*). Then September came, and I had to go back to UNC, and Jimmy
had to go to Purdue (why did he want to be an agronimist??). But we managed
to see each other at least once a month, and we've both been accepted for
grad school at the same university. Life is treating us fine.
