Archive-name: Violent/caught02.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Caught - 2


  The second chapter to "Caught". Comments, suggestions, etc,
are appreciated. I can't promise that each and every one of
them will be included, but you never can tell. Please address any
etc, in the manner of CTCXXX.ZIP. Thanks and hopefully I can have
another chapter out this week.



                            CAUGHT

                         CHAPTER TWO


    Barbara didn't know whether she had been drugged or had
passed out when her eyes opened. Immediately she was greeted
with the sharp pain that coursed through her tits. She
remembered how they had been abused by the interrogator. She
tried to raise her head but found it secured to the table on
which she laid. Her arms and legs were also tightly
restrained in a spread eagle manner.
   As she listened to see if someone else was in the room,
she allowed herself to look around to the extent that was
possible.
  Above her she could see a set of lights, as well as some
cords hanging down. She could not quite make out what kind of
cords they were, or what their purpose was, but she did know
that more than likely she would find out.
  The table on which she was restrained was unique in her
experience. It could only have been built with one purpose in
mind, that being the torture of people. He arms were strapped
at a 45 degree angle from her sides with bands across the
wrists and just above the elbows. Her legs were similarly
restricted at her ankles and above the knees on separate
extensions of the table which no doubt was to allow easy
access to her pussy.
  Barbara could not see that in another room a short distance
away, two people were looking at her through the smoked
glass. One was the interrogator and the other was the head of
the installation. The torturer was still clad in his
"uniform" but the head of the facility wore a pin striped
suit.
  "There has been no progress yet," said that pain giver.
"But it is early and I haven't even begun with the
interesting "toys" yet."
  "I understand," replied the suited man. "You forget that  I
did this for a while, too. Anyway, Leslie will be arriving
later in the day. I am sure that she will enjoy this latest
arrival!"
  As they watched Barbara slowly come to, they marvelled at
her. Her body looked so inviting on the table. There wasn't a
blemish or birthmark anywhere on her. She had a nice overall
deep tan which was interrupted only where her revealing
bikini would be. A small mound of brown hair was present
above her pussy. Obviously this girl liked to shave it
somewhat.
  The man in the suit felt his dick stir as he allowed
himself to imagine how nice it would be to fuck her hard. He
would fuck her cunt, her mouth, and her ass. He would watch
those beautiful green eyes plead for mercy as he slammed into
her. He could slap her high cheekbones with his cock and rub
it around her full and inviting lips... Well, maybe in
another time. She was here for a purpose at the moment.
  "Well, I have things to get back to," he said as he turned.
"Oh, one last thing, we are in the process of following up on
her. Maybe we can find something or someone that will make
this easier." He looked back for a moment and then smiled.
"But of course, I know how much you like your work."
  "I will keep you informed."
  The man with the suit left and the interrogator went to the
door that opened into the torture chamber.
  "You are awake! I am glad. Sometimes the mind causes itself
to shut down when faced with a rather unpleasant situation.
But now, we can begin with something else." He was next to
the table and looked into her eyes. His right had reached
down and pulled her left nipple.
  "NOOOOOOOOOO!" she shouted as the pain intensified again.
He noted, oddly, that she had beautiful white teeth, as she
opened her mouth to scream. "It's funny," he thought, "what
you notice and when you notice it."
  He released the tit and watched as the pain subsided
somewhat. The nipples were red and raw from the abuse that
they had been put through. Spots of blood also were flecked
here and there. He knew that if she didn't start giving them
information soon, that her 36C tits would never excite anyone
again.
  "Is there anything that you wish to tell me before we start
again?" he inquired, not really know whether he wanted her to
answer affirmatively or negatively.
  There was no response, Barbara just looked away and closed
her eyes. She bit her lower lip and felt like crying as he
walked to the end of the table. A sense of doom flooded her
as she felt him center himself between her legs. She heard a
drawer beneath her feet open as he sat himself down on a
stool to get a better position at her pussy.
  Maybe she should tell them what they wanted to know. Maybe
they would spare her. A tear trickled from the corner of her
eye as she felt the man take hold of the pussy lips and
spread them. He seemed to be examining them as she thought
about giving in.
  "OWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!" she screamed. Pain racked
her body and she tried in vain to escape the stabbing
sensation in her cunt. Her eyes flooded with tears as she
tried to move away from the cause of her torment but it was
to no avail.
  "My, my," said the man between her legs. "You've had your
ears pierced." He took her other pussy lip and placed the
tool on it. The tool that he was using was a modified paper
punch, just like one would use at home or the office. He
squeezed on the tool and with a combination of cutting and
crushing, her other pussy lib was punched, once again
accompanied by a banshee-like wail.
  "Only two more to go." She now knew that he had been
punching at the base of her pussy. She was aware of a small
amount of liquid trickling down into the crack of her ass.
It had to be blood, she told herself. I can't be getting
wet!?
  The "paper punch" was slid up her pussy and once again on
each side, the pain returned. Barbara's body was pouring
sweat from every pore by the time that he was finished.
  The drawer slid open once again as he put the punch away
and pulled out a set of rings. The rings were like the binder
rings from a notebook, although somewhat thicker. He
carefully inserted one through each hole, and then he closed
the one inch ring, locking it shut.
  She felt something a cord being pulled over her right leg
and gritted her teeth for what she was sure would come next.
  Her breathing, which had returned to short, painful gasps,
now was a long intake as she heard a snap of a clip being
attached to the first ring, and then felt the quick increase
in pressure. She tried to shake her head, as if that would
chase the pain away, but the strap across her forehead held
secure.
  "Oh, God, NOOOOOO!" she yelled as a second ring was
stretched out under the pressure of the elastic bungee cord.
  In between her legs, the interrogator smiled as he watched
her pussy lips pulled out to obscene lengths. He knew that
until they had "perfected" the process, that women being
tortured had routinely ripped their lips as the strain
increased. He fastened the other two rings and stepped back
to admire his handiwork.
  Barbara's pussy, an organ which had given her great
pleasure as well as giving others great pleasure, was now
stretched in four different directions, allowing the inner
reaches to now be visible, her clit being in prominence just
below the carefully trimmed brown thatch of hair.
  The pink entrance glistened with a slight film of moisture.
The torturer looked on with a sense of perverse humor.
Through his experience, he knew that some of the women that
he was asked to "persuade" got a form of sexual pleasure from
the pain. They usually lasted longer. This one may be fun!
  He walked around the table and looked at Barbara's face.
Her eyes were getting red and puffy from the tears that she
had spilled as well as those that she had held back. Her hair
was slightly matted from the perspiration that shone on her
body. He made a mental note that she should be cleaned up in
the near future.
  "Still have nothing to say?" he inquired, already know the
answer. "Well, I'm sure that you will enjoy what comes next."
A drawer beneath her head was slid open and then closed. She
looked down her nose as best she could as he walked back to
his former position between her legs. He remained standing
this time however, and in moments she heard the next
instrument of torture slice through the air.
  The whip impacted the area just to her left of her pubic
hair. It immediately raised a red welt and caused a painful
wail to well up deep inside Barbara. She knew that it hadn't
hit on her sensitive pussy, and this scared her even more.
  Another blow quickly followed on the right side of the
patch of hair. Barbara tried to arch her back, slide her
hips, anything to avoid the whip or minimize the impact, but
it was to no avail.
  Another crack, this time just below her naval. The man was
swinging the whip with great force, and was purposely
avoiding her gaping cunt.
  Two quick blows landed, one on each thigh, just below the
point where the stretch pussy lips were. Barbara was going
into overload once again. In her mind she was racing around
her belly and pelvic area, trying to tell each area that it
didn't hurt, but she knew that it was a losing battle.
  Only five blows so far and each one had felt like someone
had touched her with a red hot iron. She sucked air through
her teeth as another two blows landed around her reddening
mound. Maybe it was time to stop this, she thought. I can't
handle this, I'm in way too deep, she reasoned.
  The blow was precisely aimed at the right pussy lip. When
it hit the sensitive, slightly moist flesh, it opened a
minute line which began to seep blood. Barbara could almost
feel it happening in slow motion as she screamed. Another
blow hit her on the left lip, with almost the same results.
Barbara jerked with all her might, and then as she tried to
scream some more, became aware of the blackness that raced to
take her away from her pain...

--
