Copyright © 1997 Clayton.  ALL Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
throughmrdouble@airmail.net.






Clayton's Children - The Babysitter  (Mgg, cons, inc)


By Clayton or <clayton@nym.alias.net> or 

Copyright (C) Clayton 1997.
     Permission is given to freely distribute this document 
     electronically, providing the entire document is preserved intact 
     and no monies, beyond normal board or site membership charges, 
     are charged for its distribution. (Ken Nestle, this means you.)

Warning:
     This story contains descriptions of sex between an adult male and
     preteen children.  If this is not your cup of tea stop reading now.

Disclaimer:
     This is a work of fiction.  No illegal activity described herein 
     was carried out, this document details fantasies that took place 
     late at night when I was alone in bed. I firmly believe that no 
     fifteen minutes of pleasure is worth the innocence of a child.  
     Besides, I derive much pleasure from the company of children, 
     playing with them or simply watching them at play, I am not going 
     to risk this for any momentarily heightened sense of pleasure.

     If you are under the age of eighteen the law says I've got to 
     tell you to go away, so, "Go away!"  Common sense says you're 
     going to ignore me, so don't blame me if you go blind, your 
     parents find you in possession of this document or your cum 
     causes your space bar to stop working.

     If this type of material is illegal in your city, state, country, 
     then see above, substituting "law enforcement agency" in place of 
     "parents".

     If you're a member of the moral minority, religious right, or any 
     other such control group then read on, my aim is to offend you as 
     much as possible.  People like you who would force others to fit 
     your narrow minded little world views are a blight upon the 
     landscape.  My personal philosophy is that of "Rational Anarchy" 
     ie. anyone should feel free to do as they please such that their 
     actions do not adversely impact on the lives of others.

Clayton's Children - The Babysitter


"Hey Greg!" my mate, CJ call's from across the room, "Are you doing 
anything this afternoon?"

"No, why?" as soon as the words are out of my mouth, I regret them.

"Good, you can give me a lift over to the ex's." he says and I groan.

"Why can't you catch the bloody bus?" I grumble half heartedly.

"What do you think I keep you for?" He grins back at me through his bushy 
beard. "Besides, there's a couple of cones in it for you." he continues, 
waving a baggie beside his ear.

"You've talked me into it." I grin back, "When do you want to leave?"

"Oh, in about four or five cones." he replies, retrieving the scissors from 
under the cushion of his chair.  He pulls the old speaker, that we use for 
a table, between his legs and grabs the bowl and bong from inside the 
enclosure.

"Here, dry these." he says, tossing a couple of cigarettes in my direction.

I catch one as it passes my ear, and pick up the other from between my legs 
as he starts to cut up the stick.  I run the cigarettes through a lighter 
flame, driving off all the excess moisture.  When I'm done, I lean over and 
lay them on top of the speaker, next to the bowl and sit back to wait for 
CJ to finish.

A little later, he picks them up and crumbles them into the bowl, mixing 
the finely chopped green into tobacco.  He quickly packs the cone and 
setting his lips to the neck of the bong, lights it and pulls the sweet 
smoke deep into his lungs.  Then while holding the smoke in, he packs the 
cone again and passes it to me.

"Thanks." I say and light up, pulling hard to clear a seed that blocks the 
stem.

I hand the bong back to CJ and lean back in the chair, savouring the 
sensation, as the smoke does its work and my head starts to spin.  "Good 
stuff." I gasp.

"Is there any other kind?" he says as he packs the cone.  Waving the bong 
in the direction of the door, he asks, "Should we?"

I wrinkle my nose, "I guess we'd better."

"Danny," he cries in a breathy whisper, "Danny, ... Danny."  He waits a few 
seconds, "I called him.  You heard me, didn't you?"

"Yes." I assent and he lifts the bong to his lips.

Then just as he's about to light up, the door opens and Danny sticks his 
ugly face through the door. "Must be my pipe." he says, coming in and 
closing the door behind him.  "You two are bastards, you know?  You come 
into my house and you use my smoking room and my bong.  Who's cigarettes 
did you use?" he asks, then catching the half grin on CJ's face, he goes 
on, "And my bloody cigarettes too."

"We called." CJ objects, "Didn't we Greg?"

"Yes." I agree solemnly.

"Yeah right.  Give me that fucking bong."  Danny snatches it from CJ's 
hand.  "And get out of my fucking chair."

CJ relinquishes his place and pulls the speaker over to a new seat in the 
least comfortable chair in the room.  Danny sits down and snatches the 
proffered lighter from my hand.  He lights the bong and punches it, before 
throwing the lighter back at me, hard enough to sting, when it impacts in 
my palm.

Over the next twenty minutes or so, we polish off the mix and move out into 
the lounge to listen to a little Hawkwind.  No sooner do I take my seat, 
than a semi-guided organic missile leaves its place in front of the 
television and launches itself into my lap.

Sandy's feet come perilously close to the family jewels, as she stands up 
and entangles both of her chubby fists in my beard.  With a quick jerk, she 
pulls my head forwards and playfully snaps at my nose.  On the third snap, 
her forehead impacts painfully against mine and I jerk backwards, grimacing 
as her hands in my beard pull me up short.

She giggles as I rub my forehead with one hand and extricate her fingers 
from my beard with the other.  I then proceed to make munching noises as I 
pull her tiny fists to my mouth.

Shrieking, she pulls her fists from my grasp and plumps down into my lap, 
her nappy thankfully lessening the impact.  She then extends a single 
finger towards me.  I snap at it and she jerks it back with a painfully 
shrill, shrieking giggle.  Over and over again, I snap at her tiny finger, 
rewarded each time with another piercing shriek.

Finally I trap her hand in mine and pull it to my mouth, easily taking the 
small fist between my teeth, where I proceed to give it a generous coating 
of spit.

Danny and CJ laugh at her disgusted expression and when I release her hand, 
she jerks it back and wipes it on the front of her t-shirt.  A few seconds 
later a look of concentration appears on her face and I feel a spreading 
dampness in my lap.

Looking down, I see that the little minx has pulled the leg of her plastics 
to one side and her pee is seeping through her nappy to soak me.  "Sandy!" 
I cry in and outraged tone.

Her only response is to giggle and pull her nappy far enough aside to 
squirt the last few dribbles directly onto my crotch.

By this time CJ and Danny have worked out what is going on and are laughing 
uproariously, Danny on the floor in front of his chair.

"Here," I say, rising from my seat.  Holding Sandy at arm's length, I move 
to stand in front of Danny, "She's your daughter."

"Uh-uh," he returns with a grin, "it's your fault, you clean her up."

Tucking the dripping toddler under my arm, I head for her bedroom, grabbing 
a wet cloth from the bathroom on the way.  Once there, I strip her plastic 
pants off and drop them on the floor, beside the bucket and unfasten the 
pins, holding her nappy on.  I drop the saturated square of cloth in the 
bucket and toss her, shrieking, onto the bed.

As I kneel beside her bed, she seizes her toes in her fingers and presents 
her tiny pussy to me.  I quickly wipe the outside of her slightly reddened 
vulva and her dimpled bottom clean with the cloth.  I then use the fingers 
of my free hand to separate her baby labia.

For a few seconds, I gaze at the glistening pink crevasse between them, 
marvelling at her tiny clitoris, the size of a grain of rice, hidden behind 
its hood.  An inch lower down, the opening of her little vagina winks at 
me.  I then slowly wipe the last traces of piss from between her plump 
pussy lips.

She smiles at me, from between her knees, as I allow a fingertip to brush 
over her tiny clit and down the smooth valley separating her fat labia.  
Then as I use the cloth to unnecessarily clean the tiny pucker of her 
little pink anus, I wet the little finger of my other hand in my mouth and 
press the tip against her tiny vaginal opening, feeling it open up to 
accept me and clasp half of the first joint in an exquisite embrace.

Dropping the cloth, I gently remove and reinsert my finger tip, while she 
makes little cooing giggles of pleasure.  Inside my pants, my cock hardens, 
painfully confined within my tight jeans.

Leaning forwards, I plant a wet kiss on her puffy labia and flick the tip 
of my tongue over her now hard little clit.  Rising, I withdraw my finger 
and pop it into my mouth, savouring the sweet taste of her baby juices.

Rising, I adjust my straining cock into a more comfortable position as I go 
and get a nappy from the hanger beside the door.  When I turn back Sandy is 
rubbing her fingers back and forth over her tiny little clitoris, cooing 
with pleasure.  For a few moments, I stand there, watching the beautiful, 
eighteen month old toddler happily masturbating.

Dropping back to my knees, I lower my head and drool a small gob of spittle 
onto her busy fingers.  Then wetting my finger, I once more insinuate the 
tip into the warm clasp of her tiny vagina, stopping when the tip reaches 
the thin membrane of her hymen.

With short, quarter inch strokes, I gently finger fuck the little girl, the 
motions of her fat little fingers become faster and faster as she 
approaches her climax.  Within thirty seconds, her cherubic face screws up 
in a grimace of ecstasy and I feel a rhythmic squeezing and relaxation as 
her tiny vagina contracts on the tip of my little finger.

Gently extricating my finger from the sweet moistness of her young vagina, 
I lift it to her lips.  She opens her mouth and eagerly accepts the 
proffered digit, contentedly suckling, long after all traces of her 
delicate juices are gone.

I lower my face between her chubby thighs and apply my tongue to the tight 
pucker of her baby arsehole.  She releases my finger with a cooing giggle 
as I slowly drag my tongue upwards over the tiny entrance to her vagina, 
tasting the sweet, delicate juices that seep from within.  I give a final 
flick to her softening clitoris with the tip of my tongue and look up into 
her smiling face.  Smiling back as she fights to keep her eyes open.

Rising on shaky legs, I use a corner of the nappy to dry her sweet vulva.  
Then folding it, I slip it beneath her dimpled bottom and pin it in place.  
Slipping a clean pair of plastics on her, I lift her smiling, tired body 
into my arms.  She throws her arms around my neck and holds her smiling 
face up to me, her lips pursed as she waits for me to kiss her.

I deliver the kiss and she rests her head on my shoulder, snuggling her 
face into my neck.  Within seconds, she is emitting tiny, little snores and 
I pull back the covers and lower her to the pillow.  Pulling up the covers 
I kiss her flushed cheeks and look into her smiling face for a few seconds.

I gather up her damp plastics and take them and the cloth through the 
kitchen to the laundry.  On my return, I meet Angela, Sandy's mother, 
coming in through the front door and I rush to help her carry the shopping 
through to the kitchen.

"Where's Sandy?" she asks, gazing down at the damp patch on my groin.  "I 
see She's piddled on you again." she says with a grin.

"Yeah, as a pay back for licking her hand." I grin back, "I just put her 
down for a nap." I say, waving a bag in the direction of the partially 
closed door to Sandy's bedroom.

"I don't know how you do it." Angela says, shaking her head as she peers in 
on her somnolent daughter.  "It takes me forever to get her settled."

"Hammersthetic." I joke.

"I can almost believe you." she says, "Where's Danny?"

"In there with CJ." I say, indicating the closed door of the smoking room.

"I might have known." She says, "He better have left some for me this 
time."

Together, we enter the room and Angela takes a seat in Danny's lap as I 
drop into the chair beside CJ.  He hands the bong to Angela, then takes 
only the cone when she extends it back towards him.  Packing it, he drops 
it back into the stem and she smokes the second pipe.

He then gives me two, which finishes off the mix.  "O.K. lets go." he says 
to me, rising from his chair.  "But you'd better get changed first."

We say our goodbyes and head next door to my place, where I clean myself up 
and put on a fresh change of clothes.  Grabbing my keys, we go out to my 
car and I follow his directions to his ex-girlfriend's house.

                                    ***

I pull up in front of a neat brick veneer.  Though obviously built by the 
housing commission, it has a much more homey look and feel than many of the 
other, almost identical, houses in the street.  Instead of a bare lawn, it 
sports a well-tended garden, that is a riot of colour, and many young trees 
break up the stark lines of the house.  The porch is a solid mass of 
greenery, with rank after rank of ferns and orchids almost totally 
obscuring the wrought iron rack that supports their pots.  Hanging from the 
eaves, geraniums, maiden hair ferns and plants that I can not name, further 
serve to give the 'efficiently' designed house character.

I see a curtain twitch in one of the windows as we make our way up the 
concrete path to the front door.  Before CJ can knock, it is flung open 
forcing him to dodge backwards as the screen door flies open in his face.

With shrieks of "Daddy!", two juvenile bundles of energy launch themselves 
at CJ as he crouches and gathers them into his arms.  Now that they are 
relatively motionless, they resolves themselves into two blonde beauties.  
The elder looks to be about nine or ten years old and after kissing her 
father on the cheeks, she looks up at me brazenly.  The younger of the two, 
who is about five, huddles closer to CJ and peers suspiciously past his 
shoulder to look at me.

"Who's he?" she asks pointing at me.

"Don't point." CJ says, "You'll poke holes in the air and trip up the 
fairies."

Both girls giggle, though the elder of the two rolls her eyes, as if she 
had heard the joke more than once before.  Stubbornly, the five year old 
repeats, "Who's he?"

"Girls, this is Greg."  CJ informs them, "Greg, this is my daughter, 
Alison." The older girl, grins up at me and extends her hand towards me.  I 
take it in mine and as I shake it, I feel her middle finger curl between 
our hands and scratch my palm.  My eyes widen and her grin widens to match, 
the tip of her tongue protruding from between her lips and moistening them.

"And this is Ren." he says, trying to turn the shy five year old towards 
me, but she just clings tighter to him and buries her face against his 
neck.

"Hi CJ." a woman's voice causes me to look up and I drop Alison's hand like 
a hot potato as I gaze into the stunning blue eyes of a bombshell blonde.  
She notices my hasty action and a brief smile flickers across her lips, but 
all she says is.  "Well aren't you going to introduce me?"

"Oh, sorry Honey." he stammers, "Cheryl, this is Greg, he lives next door 
to Danny's.  Greg, this is my sort of ex-girlfriend Cheryl."

"Oh yes." she says giving me a megawatt smile, "CJ's told me all about 
you."

Rising, with Ren still attached like a limpet, he gathers Cheryl up in a 
hug and kisses her soundly.  "Happy birthday Honey." he says when he 
releases her.

Giggling, she invites us into the house and I see her green thumb at work 
here too.  Ferns and philodendrons occupy pots in the entry and a wicker 
screen is almost completely covered with variegated ivy.  She leads us 
through, into the lounge where even more plants occupy the corners and 
spaces beside the furniture.

Ushering us into seats, Cheryl asks me, "What do you like to drink Greg, 
tea or coffee?"

Tea thanks, white with three." I reply.

"Alison, come and help me." she instructs as she goes through into the 
kitchen.  Alison returns a minute later with a plate of biscuits and a cup 
of cordial for her little sister.  Throwing me a bright smile she 
disappears back into the kitchen, emerging a few minutes later with her 
mother.  Alison carries her own drink and a steaming mug, which she hands 
to me, before plumping down onto the couch beside me.

Cheryl waits for CJ to rearrange Ren on his lap, then hands him his drink 
before taking a seat in the chair opposite him.  She instructs Alison to 
hand around the biscuits and with a flourish the beautiful young girl 
presents me with the plate.  Her stoop causes the top of her blouse to gape 
open and I get a good view of her nascent breasts.  The areola have just 
begun to darken and are pushed up into small half spherical mounds the size 
of small plums.

I lift my eyes to her face and her grin tells me that she knows exactly 
where I have been looking.  Turning her face slightly to one side, she 
conceals her lips from her parents view and briefly puckers them.  As she 
turns away from me, I find myself crossing my legs to hide a growing bulge 
and wishing for an opportunity to be alone with this forward young girl.

After taking the plate around to her parents and sister, she returns to her 
seat beside me.  As Cheryl, CJ and I chat and sip our drinks, I notice Ren 
peeking at me over the top of her cup, ducking her head each time my gaze 
meets hers.  Slowly though, she becomes bolder and a few minutes later she 
scrambles from her father's lap.  Setting her empty cup on the coffee 
table, she keeps its solid bulk between us as she stares curiously at my 
face.

Rather than discomfit her, I keep my face turned towards her parents and 
continue with the conversation, while watching her out of the corner of my 
eye.  Is seems that they too are watching her antics, their attention 
constantly switching between their youngest daughter and me.

Slowly, Ren sidles around the end of the table furthest from her parents 
and disappears from my view.  The conversation descends further and further 
into inanities, as I follow her progress in her parents eyes.  They seem 
almost to be holding their breath as Ren's progress slows.  A minute or so 
later, Alison utters loud protests as her little sister forces her way into 
the six inch gap that separates her body from mine.

On the other side of the room, Cheryl's and CJ's look relieved and I turn 
my head and look down at the little cutie jammed up against my hip.  She 
looks back solemnly and ventures a tiny smile, which widens as I grin back 
at her.  I rock my jaw from side to side, causing my long beard to waggle 
and her smile becomes a giggle as she snatches at it.

Momentarily forgetting who she is, I snap at her fingers as if she was 
Sandy and she snatches them back with a scared look.  The reassured by my 
grin she tries again, once more snatching her fingers back as my teeth meet 
with a clack an inch from the tips.  She smiles tentatively and slowly 
extends her fingers, jerking them back as I bob my head.  This goes on for 
a few moments longer, her smile widening into a grin as she grows bolder.  
Then with a crow of triumph her hand darts forwards and she entangles her 
fingers in my beard, tugging gently.

I grimace theatrically and she giggles delightedly.  Then as she tugs again 
and again, Cheryl cries, "Ren!" and with a frightened look, she jerks her 
hand back, accidentally pulling three or four wiry hairs from my chin.  
Seeing them, she looks almost ready to burst into tears.

Before she can scramble from the couch, I take her hand and re-entangle it 
in my beard.  Then looking across at Cheryl I say, "She's fine, at least 
SHE doesn't want to play 'butts'."

Cheryl gives me a quizzical look and CJ explains, "Danny's kid, likes to 
headbutt and she isn't gentle, your ears'll be ringing and she'll still be 
giggling."

"Oh!" She and CJ exchange a look and she nods.

"Uh Greg?" CJ clears his throat.

I look over to him and warily ask, "Yes?"

"Would you do us a big favour?"

"Like what?"

"Look after the kids so I can take Cheryl out for her birthday." he 
replies.

My heart leaps at the thought of being left, more or less alone with 
Alison, but not wanting to appear too eager, I ask, "Why me?"

Cheryl replies, "Because my dad's had a little heart scare last night and 
he's in hospital.  Mum's too busy being worried to look after these two.  
He's all right, but I was worried we'd have to cancel this weekend.

"CJ told me how good you are with Sandy and the other kids that come around 
there, so I told him to bring you around and we'd see how Ren reacted to 
you.  She's terribly shy and we usually get my parents to look after them 
on our weekends."

I hold up my hand to interrupt her and say, "Hang on, that's the second 
time you said weekend.  You want me to look after your kids for the entire 
weekend?"

"Uh-huh." she replies, "Would you do it please?  We'll pay you of course."

Glaring at CJ, I growl, "I think I've been had." I then ask, "How much?" 
trying to sound mercenary, while hiding my inner elation at having an 
obviously willing Alison to myself for two whole days.

"How does an ounce of prime buds sound?" CJ asks with a grin.

"I'll do it!" I reply.  "Just what are these weekends anyway?"

"Well, it's like this." Cheryl explains, "CJ and I get on really well until 
we start spending a lot of time in each other's company and then we start 
fighting like cats and dogs.  It was starting to upset Alison, so CJ moved 
out before we became enemies.  Then on my birthday, CJ came over and all 
but kidnapped us.  We left Alison with my parents and the two off us spent 
an absolutely glorious weekend down at Lakes Entrance.

When we got back, we had another go at making things work, but the same 
things happened all over again and again CJ decided to leave.  On his 
birthday, I left Alison with my Mum and Dad and I took him up to Echuca.

"After that it became a tradition.  We'd take each other somewhere on our 
birthdays and at Christmas we'd take Alison and later Ren too, camping.  
Then before the fighting started we'd go our separate ways again.  CJ often 
spends Saturday nights here with me and the girls.  It sounds weird, but it 
works for us, the girls still have a father and they never have to see us 
fighting."

"So where are you going this time?" I ask.

"On a paddle steamer cruise on the Murray." CJ replies with a grin at 
Cheryl.

"You got the tickets!" she shrieks springing from her chair to launch 
herself at CJ and plaster kisses all over his face.

A gentle tug on my beard reminds me of Ren's presence and I look down into 
her serious little face.  "Are you going to look after us?" she asks.

"Would you like that?" I ask in return.

"Uh-huh." she replies, nodding gravely.

"What about you?" I look up at Alison.

"You bet." she grins, licking her lips.

Suddenly Cheryl pulls back and exclaims, "Shit, we'd better get moving."

"Relax,"  CJ soothes, "we've got plenty of time, we don't have to be there 
until seven."

"What about Greg?" she objects, "He'll have to get some clothes and I have 
to put clean sheets on my bed."

"Don't worry about me," I say, "I keep an overnight bag in the car so I'm 
all right there.  What about you CJ?  Do you need a lift to get your 
stuff."

"No we'd already packed Cheryl's car when her father had his turn." he 
replies.

Cheryl has pulled a book in her lap, using it as a rest as she busily 
scribbles away.  As she writes she says, "The kids can have fish and chips 
for tea tonight and pizza tomorrow, can you manage sandwiches for their 
lunches?  Ren has Rice Bubbles for breakfast, and Alison likes Vita-Brits.  
Here's my mother's phone number and address and the number for the 
hospital.  CJ get the number for the Echuca Police, just in case he has to 
get hold of us."

As CJ gets the phone book, Cheryl rattles on with her instructions. "Ren 
goes to bed at eight o'clock, Alison can stay up until nine thirty, ten at 
the latest.  Make sure Ren goes to the toilet before she goes to sleep and 
has nothing to drink after seven.  She still wets the bed sometimes.

"Ren shouldn't give you any trouble and Alison had better not, if she 
knows what's good for her."

As she speaks, I make all of the appropriate noises in the right places and 
when she finishes, I reassure her, "You go ahead and have a good time, 
we'll be fine."

Over the next hour, while CJ and Cheryl shower and get dressed for dinner, 
I get to know Ren better, answering Alison's scowl with a whispered 
"Later."  She brightens up at this and joins in my games with Ren.  Though 
she tries to steal the show by giving me a glimpse down the front of her 
shirt at every opportunity and sitting opposite me with her legs crossed, 
giving me a clear view of her pink, cotton knickers.

Whenever Ren looks away, she dropped her fingers into her lap and rubs at 
her pussy as though scratching an itch.  Once, when Ren runs off to get 
something from her room, Alison draws the damp gusset of her knickers to 
one side, revealing the smooth white flesh of her vulva.  Still maintaining 
the pretence of scratching an itch, she brings her other hand down and rubs 
at the glistening pink crease separating her sweet pussy lips.

She calmly releases the elastic, as Ren clatters back into the room 
carrying a colouring book and her Crayons.  Ren tugs me over to sit at the 
coffee table and uses my lap as a seat, her squirming to get comfortable 
causing my semi-rigid prick to harden completely.

Alison moves kneel beside me, and pokes the finger that had just been 
between her legs out at me.  I playfully snap at it, expecting her to jerk 
it away.  Instead she holds it still and my teeth close bare millimetres 
from the tip.  I look into her eyes and I'm met by a challenging look.  So 
taking her dare, I cover my teeth with my lips and close them around the 
proffered finger, taking my first taste of her sweet pussy.

At the same time Ren looks up and jeers at her sister, "Ha, he got you.  
I'm better than you."

Alison and exchange grins and pulling her finger free of my lips, she 
agrees with a laugh, "Yeah, I guess you are."

Rising, she leaves the room and returns with a colouring book of her own 
and a set of Derwent pencils.  "Move over." she orders her little sister.  
Using her hip to shove Ren to one side, she appropriates my left knee, 
forcing me to place a hand on each of their waists to support them.  
Pretending to lose her balance, she steadies herself, her hand falling into 
my lap directly on top of my still firm prick.

She gasps and snatches her hand back.  I look down into her face, to be met 
by a look compounded of surprise and embarrassment.  She turns to the table 
and opens her book to a picture of Ariel, the little mermaid.  Then 
carefully selecting just the right shade of blue-green she pokes her tongue 
from the corner of her mouth and begins to carefully colour Ariel's tail.

Just as my leg begins to go to sleep, CJ and Cheryl come to my rescue.  
"Girls, we're going now, don't be pests and mind what Greg tells you."

The girls scramble from my knees, Alison giving my now soft member another 
exploratory feel, as she pushes herself to her feet.  I climb to my feet, 
pins and needles burning in my leg and I limp over to where Alison and Ren 
are receiving kisses goodbye.

Cheryl notices my limp and grins, saying, "You shouldn't let them take 
advantage of you like that, especially Alison, she's too heavy."

"Forget it, Cheryl." CJ says, "That's why he's so good with kids, he lets 
them do whatever they want with him.  But at the same time, he doesn't let 
them get away with any shit."

"O.K. we turned the spa on for you kids, but you're not to get in unless 
Greg's with you.  O.K.?"

Both girls greet this announcement with loud cheers and readily agree to 
the restriction.

"The water should be hot enough in about an hour.  Don't let them totally 
cook themselves.  Here are the keys and here's the money for the fish and 
chips and pizzas and bread and milk in the morning.  We'll be back about 
ten Sunday night."  Cheryl delivers final instructions and hands me a fifty 
dollar note.

"Can we get a video?" Alison asks eagerly.

"One each." Cheryl answers, "There should be enough there, if not I'll fix 
you up when we get back.  There's a video store up next to the milkbar.  
Alison will show you where it is, just don't let her get anything too gory.  
Girls, you be good for Greg and do whatever he says."

She stoops to deliver a final to each of the two girls and as she releases 
them they move over to their father.  He sweeps them up in his arms and 
gives them a bear hug, winking at me, he whispers in their ears and slips a 
folded five dollar note into their hands.

"Thanks mate, you don't know how much I appreciate this." CJ says, slipping 
a tightly rolled baggie into my hand as he shakes it, rolling his eyes in 
the direction of Cheryl.

"Thank you Greg." Cheryl says and surprises me by pulling me into a hug. 
"Here, don't smoke it until Ren's in bed and don't let Alison have more 
than two cones.  The bong's over the stove."

CJ misinterprets my stunned mullet expression and grins at me, "Yeah she 
has that effect on me too."

The girls and I escort CJ and Cheryl to the car and I stand with them at 
the end of the driveway, as they wave until the car turns at the end of the 
street.  I look down into their up turned faces and ask, O.K. what do you 
want to do?"

                                    ***

"Get a video." Alison cries.

At the same time, Ren waves her five dollar note and declares, "Buy lots 
of lollies."

"I think we can manage that in one trip." I say with a grin.  Checking that 
I have the keys, I pull the door shut and take hold of Ren's hand, 
allowing Alison to lead me up the road to the shops.

Immediately we enter the milkbar, Ren makes a beeline for the counter and 
holds up the five dollar note.  "Lollies, I want lot's of lollies." She 
informs the girl behind the counter.

The girl's eyes flick from the money to Ren to me and she raises an 
eyebrow in true Spock fashion.

"It's all right." I hastily say, "I'm looking after them for the weekend, 
while their parents are away."

The girl laughs at my frightened expression and says, "I'm not worried 
about that.  I know Ren and there's no way a stranger could get anywhere 
near her.  I'm just wondering if you're prepared for the mess, when she 
deposits five dollars worth of lollies on the carpet."

"I get you're point." I grin back, "Make it a dollar and she can buy some 
more tomorrow.  Alison, the same goes for you."

Alison, returns two of the four chocolate bars she is holding, to the shelf 
and looks up at me pleadingly.  "O.K., but that's it." I relent, "And you 
don't eat them until after dinner."

Grinning happily, she waits at the counter for the girl to finish filling a 
bag for Ren and they hand over their money.  When they receive their 
change, Ren holds up the well-filled paper bag in one hand and the four 
gold coins in the other, crowing at her incredible bargaining skills.

Thanking the girl, we leave the shop and go into the next, where we order 
our fish and chips.  "Let's get our videos while they're cooking."  Alison 
says.

As we enter the video store, I suggest, "Why don't we let Ren choose the 
movie for tonight and you can get yours tomorrow."

"O.K." she agrees and a few minutes later, we emerge with a copy of My 
Little Pony.  We collect the fish and chips and head back to their home.

Ren wants to watch the movie straight away, but I suggest that she wait 
until after we have eaten.  I send Alison to get a couple of towels from 
the bathroom and lay them out on the floor.

Setting dinner in the middle, I restrain them while we say grace.  "Two, 
four, six, eight.  Bog in, don't wait."

They take me at my word and they tear into their dinner like starving 
animals.  Ren singes her fingers on her piece of fish and I show her how 
to tear off a strip of paper and wrap it around the battered fillet.

Within minutes, dinner is but a memory and a few scattered crumbs, which 
Ren assiduously hunts down and consumes.  "Can I watch 'Ponies' now?" she 
asks.

"Yep." I agree, "And you can eat some of your lollies too."  Taking the 
cassette from Its case, I pop it into the VCR and sit back, resigned to an 
hour of saccharine sweetness.

"Hey lets get in the spa." Alison says to me once her little sister is 
engrossed with the television set.

Immediately, Ren leaps up and hits 'stop' and yells, "Yay, Me too, I'll 
watch 'Ponies' later."

Alison's face drops a little at her sister's intrusion, but wisely says 
nothing.  She leads me out through the back door to where a fern filled 
conservatory has been built onto the back of the house.  Sunken into the 
middle of the floor, totally concealed from outside view, is a large spa 
bath.

"Hang on you two," I say, "you get your bathers, while I get some shorts 
from my car."

"Why?" Alison objects, "We never wear bathers in the spa with Mum and Dad."

"That's different." I say, "I don't think your mother would like it if I 
got in with you two without any clothes on."

While Alison and I have been speaking, Ren has stripped off her clothes 
and is standing, naked, by the edge of the spa.  "Hurry up,"  she cries, 
"I'm getting cold."

"Greg says we've got to wear our bathers because Mum wouldn't like it if we 
were rudie nudies." Alison says to her little sister.

"Oh!" A frightened look creeps onto Ren's face, "Does that mean I'm 
naughty?" she asks in a quavering voice, her lower lip trembling.

"No Ren," I reassure her, "but you'd better put your bathers on."

Immediately her whole demeanour brightens and the next thing I know, my 
arms are full of delighted, squirming, naked little girl.  With this, I 
realise what Cheryl meant by my not having any trouble with her.  A look of 
censure would have her near tears, while a raised voice would probably have 
her bawling for hours and to raise your hand to her in anger would probably 
drive her into catatonia.

"Will you help me?" she asks, "I always get it wrong."

"I don't know." I demure.

"Please?" she begs with irresistible, doe like eyes.

"You'd better do it," Alison advises, "or she'll look at you like that for 
the rest of the night."

"O.K." I laugh, "I don't think I could take that."

Again, I see that bright smile, that, with a little self confidence, would 
match her mother's.  "Oh thank you." she cries, giving a little wriggle, 
that abruptly stops as her mouth opens in surprise.

Suddenly I realise that my hand has slipped on her little bottom and the 
side of my finger now rests in the crease of her plump little pussy.  I 
quickly readjust my grip and turn to Alison, asking, "Could you take my 
keys and get my bag out of the boot of my car?"

"Sure." she agrees cheerfully and unsnaps my keys from my pants.  "Which 
one is it?" she asks.

I shift Ren to my hip and pick out the right key for Alison.  As she goes 
outside, I carry Ren to her room and lower her to the floor.  "Where are 
your bathers?" I ask.

"In here." she says, going over to her chest of drawers and pulling out the 
top drawer. "Lift me up." she says.

I slip my hands around her tiny waist and lift her until she can see into 
the drawer.  Lifting one leg between hers, I rest the toe on a drawer 
handle and lower her to sit astride my thigh.  She rummages through her 
underwear for a few moments and pulls out a blue ball of stretch lycra.

She shoves the drawer closed and indicates with a wriggle, that she wants 
to get down.  I lower her to the floor and take her bathers from her hand.  
Shaking them out, I sort out front from back and hold them open for her to 
step into.  I pull them up snug into her crotch and help her get her arms 
through the right holes, settling the shoulder straps with a light snap 
onto her shoulders.

She steps back a couple of steps and I survey her, noticing that the strip 
of cloth between her legs is half caught up between her pussy lips.  
Motioning her back to me, I slip a finger under the elasticised leg band 
and pull it straight, the back of my knuckle just brushing the exquisitely 
smooth skin of her plump vulva.  Her eyes widen a little at the intimate 
touch, but the smile on her lips never wavers.

I withdraw my hand and she holds out her arms to me.  Then just as I go to 
pick her up, Alison says from the doorway, "Here's your stuff."

Giving Ren a pat on the bottom, I say, "You go and wait in front of the 
fire, we'll be there in a minute." I rise and take my bag and keys from 
Alison, telling her, "Go and get changed."

In the master bedroom, I quickly strip, pull on a pair of speedos (left 
over from summer) and slip on the towelling robe that I keep in the bag.  
Leaving the room, I catch a glimpse of Alison through her half open door.  
She is naked from the waist up, tying the string at the side of her 
bottoms.

I'm just about to turn away, when she notices me.  "Greg," she calls, "come 
here.  I can't get this knot undone."

I stick my head through the door for a closer look and see that the strings 
on one side of her bikini bottoms are well and truly snarled.  As  I move 
into the room I get a good look at her little tits.  Just beginning to 
sprout, they are tiny, almost hemispherical mounds, entirely covered by the 
crinkled, pink/brown skin of her areola.  Surmounting them, are her pea 
sized nipples which stand slightly stiffened by the cool late autumn air.

She thrusts these out at me proudly and I start to think that this is a put 
up job.  When kneel at her side and take the snarled strings from her, a 
quick inspection confirms my guess.  I can see where the original bow was 
tied and the new knot contains so many loops that it could not possibly 
have formed accidentally.

I give her an accusing glance and she responds by grinning down at me and 
letting go of her bathers.  They fall a few inches before the strings in my 
hand pull them up short, revealing the top of her beautiful pre-teen vulva 
less than eighteen inches from tip of my nose.  In form it is a smooth, 
slightly plump mound, separated into two perfectly symmetrical halves by a 
fine, dark cleft.  Three quarters of an inch from the top of that sweet 
valley is her clitoris, a small pink nubbin, the size of a pencil eraser.

"Oops!" she exclaims insincerely, and I look up into her slightly flushed, 
grinning face.  "I guess I might as well take them off.  Anyway it'll be 
easier for you."  Saying this, she plucks at the bow on the other side and 
I'm left holding a tiny scrap of cloth wrapped around her right leg and a 
complete view of her sweet pussy.

"I guess you might." I growl up at her and her grin widens.

I begin lowering the wisp of fabric that I hold, but she has one more 
surprise for me.  Before I can lower my hands more than a foot, she draws 
her leg up and out of her bottoms, giving me a clear view of the damp, pink 
cleft between her pussy lips and the glistening, slightly darker flesh of 
her inner labia.  She holds the pose for a few seconds and I become 
conscious of a sweet, slightly musky smell.

As she lowers her leg, I tear my gaze from the delightful sight and look 
down at the tangle in my hands.  A few quick tugs soon have it sorted out 
and I hold her bottoms out to her.

Instead of taking them from me, she turns to face me and strikes a pose 
that is as old as life itself.  Standing with her right leg slightly 
cocked, her left hand low on her hip and the thumb and forefinger of the 
right loosely framing her mound, she asks, "Do you think I'm pretty?"

"Beautiful." I whisper, then catching myself, I continue sternly, "Do you 
know that you're asking for trouble?"

"Uh-huh." she replies just as seriously. "But I like you.  You're nice."

"Just because I'm nice, doesn't mean I'm safe.  Haven't you been told about 
strangers?"  I ask.

"Of course silly, but you're Daddy's friend." she replies.

"That doesn't mean anything." I tell her, "I might still be a bad man who 
does nasty things to little girls."

"Are you?" she asks seriously.

"No I'm not." I say, "But you should be more careful, because I do want to 
do things with you."

"Would you stop if I asked you to?"

"Yes I would." I reply.

"Then I want you to do things to me." she informs me.

Then with a mercurial change of mood she grins at me, "I'm a big girl now, 
see I'm growing hair down here." she points at her bare vulva.

I take a closer look, but I'm forced to ask, "Where?  I can't see any."

"Right here." she says pointing to the very top of her crack. "You'll have 
to look closer."

I lean closer, getting another intoxicating whiff of her sweet pussy.  
Finally, I'm close enough to see a few wispy hairs, almost invisible 
against her skin.

"Here," she says grabbing my wrist, "you can feel them easier."  I offer no 
resistance, as she draws my hand closer and presses my fingertips against 
the flawless, resilient flesh of her juvenile mons.

She relaxes her grip on my wrist and I lightly brush my fingers over her 
smooth pubic mound, feeling a fine peach fuzz and a few slightly stiffer 
hairs just above the top of her cleft.  She makes no move to pull my hand 
away, so I continue to lightly explore her beautiful young pussy.  With my 
heart beating like a triphammer, I run the sensitive tips of my fingers all 
over the plump bulge between her legs, delighting in the exquisite feel of 
her unblemished skin.

I then fold the last two fingers of my hand under my thumb and gently probe 
lower down.  Realising my goal, she shifts her feet apart and allows my 
fingers to investigate further.  Still keeping my fingers on the outside of 
her vulva, I gently run them between her legs, finding a slight hint of 
moisture.  I then increase the pressure slightly and feel the soft folds of 
her little pussy open up around my middle finger.

She gives gasp and her fingers tighten slightly on my wrist.  I stop dead 
at this and a few seconds later her fingers relax.  Taking this as a signal 
to continue, I press a little harder, moving my fingertip in tiny circles, 
until the tip of my finger presses against the entrance to her vagina.

Again her fingers tighten, and again I stop.  This time she pulls my hand 
upwards until my finger tip is clear of her vagina before she relaxes her 
grip.  Taking the hint, I leave her vagina alone and continue to explore 
the hot, moist flesh of her inner folds.  As I draw my fingers back and up, 
I feel her inner labia close on the sides of my fingertip and I come into 
contact with the rigid knob of her fully extended clitoris.

"Stop!" she gasps and her fingers tighten convulsively on my wrist.

"Are you all right?" I ask.

"Uh-huh." she nods. "But why does it feel so much better than when I touch 
myself there?"

As I think about how to answer her, I remove my fingers completely from 
between her pussy lips and stare at the glistening pink knob of flesh that 
now extends a little beyond her pale outer labia.  Finally I ask, "Are you 
ticklish?"

"Yeah, I guess so.  Why?" she asks confusedly.

"Well, can you tickle yourself?"

"Of course not." she replies.

"Well, it's sort of like that.  You can't tickle yourself, because your 
brain already knows exactly what's going to happen.  Touching your pussy is 
like a special kind of tickling, but because there are lots more nerves 
there, you can do it to yourself.  It feels better when somebody else does 
it, because your brain doesn't already know what's going to happen."

"Oh, I get it." she says smiling. "You can touch me again if you want to."

"Later," I say picking up her bathers and drawing the scrap of cloth up 
between her legs, "we'd better get you dressed before Ren comes looking 
for us."

She makes a little moue of disappointment, but takes hold of the strings 
and ties them in bows on both hips.  I reach for the top, which is on her 
bed and she asks, "Do I have to wear that?"

"I think you'd better." I say and she ducks her head for me.  I slip the 
loop at the top behind her neck and she turns for me to tie the strap 
across her back.

Turning back to me, she presents her half covered breasts to me, saying, 
"You fix it."

I brush the balls of my thumbs over the exposed mounds, feeling the 
crinkled skin covering the firm flesh tighten even further.  I flick the 
stiff little posts of her nipples, drawing a little gasp from her lips, 
then quickly tug the top of her bikini into place and rise to my feet.

I lightly swat her bum, causing her to jump and squeak in mock outrage. 
"Come on you, let's go."

In the lounge, we find Ren sitting about a metre from the television, 
totally engrossed in her 'Ponies', as every few seconds, her hand dips into 
the open bag of lollies in her lap.  The shadow that I throw over her body, 
as I move to stand behind her, causes her to look up and ask.  "What took 
you?"

"My bathers got all tangled." Alison explains.

"Oh.  Can we get in the spa now?" Ren asks.

"Sure thing." I reply. "Come on."

Ren scrambles to her feet and stops the video. 

"Do you need to go to the loo?" Alison asks, "Remember what happened last 
time."

Ren blushes and says, "Yeah, I better go."

As she leaves the room, I ask Alison, "What happened?"

"The water turned pink." Alison chortles, "Mum put some stuff in the water 
that turns pink if you piddle in it."

"Oh." I say. "I need to go too, so I see you out there."

I go after Ren and find her sitting on the toilet with the door open, her 
bathers on the floor.  Grinning up at me, she says, "They fell off."

"Really?" I ask, listening to the hiss of her pee in the bowl.

Her only response is to lower her head and giggle.  When she finishes, she 
hops down from the seat and picks up her bathers. "Here, help me put them 
on." she says holding them out to me.

I pull a couple of sheets from the roll and hold them out to her, "Here dry 
off first."

She looks quizzically at the wad of tissue in my hand, "Huh?"

I reach down and dry her pussy for her, explaining, "Dry your crack after 
you have a piddle.  That way your knickers stay dry and there won't be any 
pink in the water."

"Oh." she says, "Put my bathers on."

I take them from her and hold them for her to step into.  After I pull the 
shoulder straps into place, I look down and see the crotch pulled right up 
between her pussy lips and she avoids looking me in the eye.

Grinning inwardly, I kneel and slip my finger under the narrow strip of 
cloth, running my knuckle the length of her little pussy as I pull it free.  
As my knuckle runs along the little furrow, she presses against it and my 
cock hardens in response.  Still maintaining the pretence of ensuring the 
correct fit of her bathers I run my finger back and forth a few more times 
before withdrawing it.

"O.K., off you go." I say, giving her little bottom a quick squeeze and 
pushing her out the door. "I need to use the toilet."

She stands outside the door, looking a little disappointed as I close it.  
I extract my cock from my Speedos and wait for it to soften enough for me 
to piss.  Once I'm done, some wicked little demon makes me stroke my hand 
up and down the shaft until my cock stands stiff, pointing away from my 
body at a forty five degree angle.

I stuff it back into my Speedos, where it makes an impressive bulge and 
leave my robe hanging open.  Flushing the toilet, I open the door and 
almost trip over Ren who is still waiting outside.  Her eyes nearly pop 
out of her head when she is confronted by my lycra encased cock, 
practically in her face.  Taking her by the shoulder, I turn her around, 
her head swivelling on her shoulders until it hurts me just to look at the 
way her neck is twisted.  Finally, I put my hand on top of her head and 
twist her eyes to the front.  Pushing her ahead of me,  we walk through to 
the conservatory, where Alison is already luxuriating in the spa.

As soon as we pass through the door, Ren takes an exaggerated step to the 
side and I grin inwardly as Alison's eyes widen and her gaze fastens on my 
crotch.  Slipping my robe off, I hang it on a hook by the door and walk 
towards Alison.  Her eyes remain glued to my cock as I pace across the deck 
and step down into the gently steaming water, not leaving it until it 
disappears beneath the surface, whereupon she looks up into my face.  I 
meet her gaze and hold it until she blushes and lowers it to minutely 
examine the bubbling surface of the water.

Beside me, Ren presents me with a view of her cute little bottom, with the 
fabric of her suit bunched up in the crack, as she turns and lowers herself 
into the water.  "Can I sit on your lap?" she asks as she proceeds to do 
just that, pressing her practically bare bum back against my rigid member 
and wriggling it.  Across from me, Alison throws her little sister a 
venomous look.

When this has no effect, she sets the blower going and disappears beneath 
the roiling surface.  A moment later, Ren shrieks and slides from my lap.  
Alison leaps from the water in front of me and as Ren rises from the water 
sputtering, she drops into my lap and defends her territory by splashing 
her little sister.

Ren retaliates by closing her eyes and leaping at her big sister, swinging 
blindly.  One wildly swung hand catches in the top of Alison's bikini and 
with a popping rip, one of the shoulder straps tears free of the minuscule 
triangles covering her breasts.

Feeling like a heel, I bark "Enough!"  Sure enough, Ren comes to an 
immediate halt and looks at me with tears in her eyes.  Her gaze then falls 
on the damage done to her sister's bathers and the tears begin to flow 
freely.

"I'm s-s-sorry." she sobs.

I lift Alison down beside me and gather Ren up in my arms.  Holding her 
tight to my chest, I rock her back and forth making soothing noises as I 
caress her back and soft little bottom.  "It's all right I say, I can fix 
it."

"You can?" she asks, blinking up at me.

"Uh-huh." I confirm, hoping I am right.  "Alison, it looks like you got 
your wish.  You might as well get rid of that."

"Now you two, do you think you can share?" I ask, "Or should I just send 
you to bed right now?"

"We'll be good." Alison say's and Ren nods vigorously as she wriggles from 
my arms and places herself astride my left knee, facing towards me.  Alison 
straddles the other knee and slips her arm around Ren's shoulder and pulls 
her in close, saying, "It's all right, it was getting too small anyway"

Ren sniffs loudly a couple of times and smiles wanly.  A few seconds later 
she giggles and says, "Your boobie's poking in my ear."

We all laugh at this and all is forgiven.

Suddenly a wicked thought enters my mind and I straighten my legs causing 
the pair of them to fall and disappear beneath the water.  They rise 
sputtering and Alison looks at Ren, "Let's get him." she cries and they 
leap at me, their fingers digging into my ribs and burrowing for my 
armpits.

I let them win the assault and laughing, I slide beneath the bubbling 
surface.  Expelling just enough breath to keep myself submerged, I sit on 
the bottom and wait to see what they will do.

After a few seconds I feel hands on my shoulders.  They slip beneath my 
arms and I'm hauled to the surface.  Ren is in front of me with a 
frightened look on her face, so I smile and wink at her, but leave my body 
limp.  Grunting Alison drags me to a seat and steps up on to it, pulling me 
up to sit on it.  But as soon as she loosens her grip I pretend to slip 
back towards the water.

I do this a couple more times, until Ren looses control and bursts out 
laughing.  At this point Alison realises that she's been had and shoves me 
from the seat into the water.  I turn beneath the surface and leap from the 
water with a roar.  Alison then jumps at me and I stagger as she locks her 
legs around my waist and her hands about my throat.

She pretends to choke me as she shakes my head back and forth, saying "You,  
you, you,  oooghh."

I lift my hand to her waist and tickle her, catching her as she looses her 
grip.  Lifting her back up, I blow zoober after zoober into her belly 
button, causing her to giggle and thrash uncontrollably.  Accidentally, 
done a purpose,  I land a near and on her pert little titties, and she 
gasps and stiffens in my hands.

Finally I relent and drop her into the water, turning to descend on a 
smugly smiling Ren. "Your turn little girl." I say as I lift her lycra 
covered belly to my lips and blow.  The farting noises are even louder and 
her giggles are most satisfactory.

Keeping hold of her I return to my seat, blowing into her belly button each 
time she falls silent.  Eventually though, her breathing becomes laboured 
and I desist, lowering her to my knee.

Warily, Alison approaches and sits down beside me, though for a minute or 
so she perches on the edge of the seat, ready to flee at my first movement.  
Then having decided that no further attack is forthcoming she cuddles up to 
my side.

She starts as I move my arm, them realising that I'm just going to put it 
around her shoulders, she leans forwards and I slip it behind her so that 
my hand rests on her hip.  She turns in my arm to rest her head on my 
shoulder and press one of her little boobs against my side.  A few seconds 
later she loosens the tie on her bottoms and twists until my hand cups her 
bare bottom.

She then lifts her own hand from the water and twirls my beard around her 
finger as she says.  "I'm glad you're looing after us instead of Grandma 
and Grandpa."

"Uh-huh," Ren agrees, "Me too.  You're much more fun."  She turns in my 
lap to rest her head on my other shoulder and I support her with my hand 
behind her knees.

For the next hour or so, they chatter to me about school, until Ren lifts 
her hand from the water and holds it up before my face.  "Look I've got 
witches hands." she says, waving the wrinkled extremity under my nose.

"Well we better get out before Alison gets witches boobs." I joke, tweaking 
one gently, causing them both to giggle. "Besides," I continue, "it's time 
you started getting ready for bed."

"Do I have to?" she objects as a matter of form.

"You have to." I confirm, removing my hand from Alison's bottom and lifting 
it so I can check my watch.  "It's nearly half past seven.  By the time 
you've had your bath it'll be your bedtime."

"I don't need a bath," she protests, "I'm clean."

"You still have to wash the chlorine off." I say.  "Come on let's go."

I unwrap my arm from around Alison and climb from the spa with Ren on my 
hip.  "You too." I say to Alison as I walk off with Ren.  Alison reties 
her bottoms and climbs from the water, hurrying to catch up.

I grab my robe and we go through to the bathroom as I say, "We'll just 
rinse off under the shower with our suits on.  That way we can throw them 
in the drier so they'll be ready for tomorrow."

In the bathroom, I lower Ren to the floor and turn on the shower adjusting 
the temperature to be suitable for her.  We then squeeze into the cubicle 
together and quickly rinse off.

When we're done I roughly towel them dry and say, "Brush your teeth and 
give me your bathers then go and get your nighties and a hairbrush.  We'll 
dry off properly in front of the fire."

With a wicked grin Alison, tugs at the bows holding her bathers on and 
hands me the skimpy scrap of cloth before fronting up to the basin and 
picking up her toothbrush.  Ren's smile is not one whit less naughty than 
her sisters as she follows suit, slipping off her bathers and handing them 
to me.  When they finish their teeth they scurry off to their rooms, 
pausing in the doorway to wiggle their bare white bottoms at me.  While 
they are gone, I take the opportunity to remove my own bathers, towel 
myself dry and slip on my robe.  Then figuring on a complete exchange of 
oral germs later in the evening, I make use of Alison's toothbrush, before 
wringing out our bathers into the bath and throwing them into the drier on 
my way through the laundry.  I then head on through the kitchen into the 
lounge.

Both girls are waiting for me in the lounge, standing naked before the wall 
furnace.  When they see me in my robe, their faces mirror their 
disappointment, but I'm not ready to be naked before Ren, as I don't want 
her carrying tales to her mother or CJ.

I drop into the seat nearest the fire and pull Ren in to sit between my 
legs.  Taking her towel from her, I rub as much of the moisture as I can 
from her hair.  Alison hands me the brush and I carefully work the tangles 
from Ren's hair, then brush it out until it's bright and shiny and most of 
the moisture is gone.

I then lift her down and help her into her nightie.  Sending her off to 
watch TV for the few minutes that remain until her bedtime.  Alison then 
slip in between my knees and wriggles backwards until her bum presses 
against my bare cock.  "Oooh!" she squeaks in surprise and wriggles harder 
against it, causing it to begin to rise.

Taking up the towel, I dry her hair and then drop it into my lap.  Picking 
up the brush I go to work on her slightly longer tresses, carefully working 
the brush through them, until her hair shines brightly.  When I lift her 
from the chair, she quickly turns to get a glimpse of my cock, but the 
towel in my lap conceals it and before she can get any ideas about 
snatching it away, I pull my robe straight and rise from the chair.

By this time it is after eight o'clock, so I tell her, "You get your 
nightie on while I put Ren to bed." 

I stop 'Ponies' and lift Ren to my hip, carrying her through to the 
toilet.  Again she leaves the door open and this time she tucks the hem of 
her nightie under her chin and sort of curls up, looking between her 
widespread legs as she concentrates on expelling the piss from her body.  
It takes her a few seconds to get it flowing, but when she does, it flows 
in a golden arch from the tiny cleft between her legs to fall hissing into 
the bowl.

When she finishes, she grabs a wad of paper and dries off, before lifting 
her chin and letting her nightie fall.  She hops to the floor, pushes the 
button and holds her arms for me to lift her.  I carry her to her bedroom 
and supporting her against my shoulder, with one hand cupping her bare 
little bottom beneath her nightie, I pull back the covers.  When I lower 
her to the bed, she wriggles downwards, her nightie rucking up to reveal 
her plump little pussy and belly button in the process.  Unable to resist, 
I stoop and blow a zoober into it, before pulling her nightie straight and 
drawing the covers up under her chin.

I read her a story from a book of Aboriginal legends about how three 
sisters were changed into rock to protect them a bunyip.  But the witch 
doctor couldn't change them back because he'd lost his magic shinbone and 
that was how the rock formation called the three sisters came to be.  By 
the time I'm finished, she is almost asleep, but when I turn back from 
putting the book away, she holds her arms out to me and has her lips 
pursed.  I give her a hug and a kiss goodnight and tuck her in.  I start to 
pull the door closed but leave it open when she asks me to.

                                    ***

On my way back to the lounge, I retrieve a one of the baggies given to me 
and a couple of cigarettes.  I then collect the bong, scissors and a small 
bowl from the kitchen and walk through into the lounge, where I find Alison 
sitting in front of the television, watching Beverley Hills 90210.

I make appropriate gagging noises as I take a seat on the couch and she 
turns to look at me.  When she sees what I am holding, her eyes light up 
and I decide to have a little fun at her expense.

I dry the cigarettes, quickly mull up and pack a cone, then make a real 
production of enjoying it.  I look directly into her eyes as I pack the 
second cone.  I wait for her to start moving towards me and quickly smoke 
it, enjoying the slightly crestfallen look in her eyes.

The I pack the next pipe and place it on the coffee table, then wait to see 
what she will do.  For a few minutes her attention wavers between the bong 
and the TV until she finally works up the courage to ask, "Can I have a 
pipe please?"

"You!" I pretend to be shocked, "You're too young."

"No I'm not," she protests, "Mum lets me."

"I don't believe you." I scoff.

"But she does.  She says that I can smoke it, but I can only do it at 
home."

"Why would she say something like that?" I ask.

"Because she found some in my bag once." Alison explains, "She said I could 
smoke it, but only on the weekends and I was never to get it from anyone at 
school again.  She said bad people sometimes put really bad stuff like 
heroin in the stuff they sell at schools so they can get them hooked and 
make them do whatever they want."

"O.K.," I say, "you can have one cone."

"But Mum lets me have three." she objects mendaciously.

I raise my eyebrow and slowly reach for the bong on the table.

She hastily corrects herself, saying, "I mean two."

"That's better." I say, leaning back into my seat.

"It was worth a try." she grins, then gives me a direct stare, "Hey, you 
knew.  Mum told you.  How come you made me tell you why?"

"Because I wouldn't have let you have any, if you couldn't give me a good 
reason why.  No matter what your mum said." I explain.

"Oh. why?"

"Because I think you are too young.  But your mum's right, the shit they 
hand out at schools is full of nasty things and some of them are a lot 
worse than heroin.  Did you pay for what you got?"

"No." She answers, moving around the coffee table and sitting down beside 
me. "That's why Mum said I should smoke hers.  She took the stuff I had to 
the cops and they found heroin in it.  She got really mad at the school 
because it was a teacher who was giving the stuff to kids.  They had to get 
the cops in and everything.  The teacher was doing it because he liked to 
fuck- oops." she covers her mouth.

"It's O.K. I've heard the word before, go on."

"He used it to get little girls to fuck."

"Does your dad know about it?"

"Uh-uh." she shakes her head emphatically, "He was mad enough when he found 
out a teacher at school was handing out drugs.  He would have killed him if 
he knew he gave some to me.  I know it was silly, but this girl I knew gave 
it to me and said it was O.K.  But she was already hooked and the teacher 
made her to give it to me, because he wanted me too."

"O.K. that explains why your mum would let you smoke grass, but why on 
earth did you take such a big risk with me after a scare like that?" I ask 
incredulously.

"Promise you won't get mad."

"Get mad," I'm confused, "why would I get mad?"

"Promise." she repeats.

"O.K. I promise." I say.

"That's good." she says with a relived sigh, "It's not me you'd get mad at.  
You see Jenny's a really good friend of mine." she says as if that explains 
it all.

"So?"

"Jenny Gormley." she says naming one of my young lovers and it clicks.

"Oh!  And she told you about me I suppose?"

"Uh-huh." Alison nods.  "But it's not really her fault. We were playing 
with our hairbrushes." Alison blushes. "You know down there." She points at 
her lap.  "And she said a man felt so much better.  She didn't want to tell 
me about you, but I kept on asking her until she told me.  She made me 
promise not to tell anybody, because you weren't like that teacher.  She 
said you always asked her before you did anything.  And then I heard Daddy 
telling Mum about you last night and hoped you were the same person Jenny 
knew."

"How did you know I was?" I ask.

"Because she has a picture of you and she showed it to me." Alison replies, 
then asks, "Will you teach me like you taught her?  I won't tell Mama or 
Daddy."

"Are you sure?" I ask, "It's a big step."

"Uh-huh," She replies emphatically, "Jenny says you make her feel really 
good and it won't even hurt the first time because I've already done it 
with a hairbrush."

"O.K., I'll teach you." I say, "Now do you want this pipe or not?"

"Goody!" she yelps. "Of course I want it.  Give me the lighter."

I hand her the lighter and she lifts the bong to her lips.  It takes her 
three attempts to finish it, but she doesn't cough.  Instead of blowing out 
the last lung full of smoke, she carefully sets the bong down, straddles my 
lap and pressing her lips to mine she forces the smoke into my lungs.  
Pulling back, she grins at me and says.  "Mama and Daddy do that all the 
time."

"I like it." I grin back at her, "Do you want me to do it to you?"

"Does it count as my second pipe?" she asks.

"Probably, but I won't tell if you don't." I grin, "But only one."

With the flexibility of youth, she twists in my lap and packs the cone from 
the bowl on the table, then presents it and the lighter to me.  I take it 
from her and smoke it.  While I hold my breath, she takes the bong from me 
and puts it back on the table.

Turning back to me, she tilts her head to one side and pulls my lips to 
hers.  I push the smoke into her lungs, accidentally blowing the last of it 
into her face when she pulls back.  Giggling, she says, "That feels really 
weird, but I like it."

She starts to turn back to the table but I stop her, saying, "That's enough 
for now.  How do you feel?"

"Great." she replies, "Really, really happy."

"Good." I say, "Can I have a kiss?"

"We already did." she giggles.

"I mean a proper one." I say, digging my fingers into her ribs.

"No!" she shrieks, giggling and squirming in my lap.

"What? No kiss?" I deliberately misunderstand her, so I can punish her with 
further assaults on her ribs.

"Yes, no, don't!" she squeals, trying to pull my probing fingers from her 
ribs.

I give her a few last digs and stop, grinning at her crimson face, as she 
gasps for breath.  A moment later she gasps again and gently rolls her 
hips.  I feel her bare pussy move against my equally bare cock, causing it 
to instantly spring to attention and press upwards between her labia and 
buttocks.

Her look becomes one, composed of excitement, curiosity, arousal and a 
little fear.  Experimentally she rocks back and forth and giggles, "Oh wow, 
your thingy feels funny."

"My what?" I ask, being deliberately obtuse.

"Your thingy. You know, down there." She blushes, pointing vaguely between 
her legs.

"What?"

"Your dickie." she blushes furiously, turning her head aside.

"Are you sure you want to do this?" I ask, "That sounds like something Ren 
would say."

Still red faced, she looks me in the eye and says defiantly, "Your cock 
then.  How about penis, or dick." finishing with, "Ren says doodle 
anyway."

"Or prick, or rod, or dong, or a lot of other things." I say, "They're just 
words.  It's when and how you say them that matters."

"O.K. your COCK feels real funny against my CUNT." she says and gets a case 
of the giggles.

"Yeah," I say, "well, your CUNT is hurting my COCK, it's not supposed to 
point at my feet when it's like this."

She seems to find this hilariously funny too, but her giggles stop 
abruptly, when I wrap my hands around her waist and slowly lift her 
upwards.  As I lift her, my cock straightens, the head sliding down the 
crease of her buttocks.  A scared look comes into her eyes as the tip 
lodges against the rear of her pussy lips, outside the entrance to her 
vagina.

When I lift her high enough for the tip of my cock to slip free, she 
breathes a sigh of relief.  After I lower her back down, so that her pussy 
lips press against the under side of the shaft, she giggles and says, "That 
was silly, I want you to do it, but I'm scared too."

"That isn't silly at all." I reassure her, "It's perfectly understandable.  
It's probably one of the most important things that happens in your life 
and you don't want to muck it up.  Right?"

"Uh-huh," she says throwing her arms around my neck and hugging me tight, 
"you understand."

I hug her back and flex my cock at the same time.  She squeals as it moves 
under her, and wriggles her hips.  "Oh wow," she whispers, "that feels even 
better, it's rubbing against my tingle bump."

"Your what?" I ask.

"My tingle bump." she repeats, "you know the bump at the top of my crack.  
I call it my tingle bump because it tingles when I rub it.  I don't know 
what else it's called."

"It's called a clitoris or clit for short." I say.

"Oh!  Well, it feels really good." she says, and starts rocking her hips 
and dragging her clit back and forth along the underside of my cock.  
Within a few seconds, the movements become smoother, as her vaginal 
secretions start to coat my rigid shaft.

As things become more slippery, I pull her hips higher with each rock of 
her pelvis, until the crown of my cock rubs from her vaginal entrance to 
her stiff clit.  I slide my hands up her sides and start rubbing my thumbs 
back and forth over her tiny tits through the soft knitted cotton of her 
nightie.  Her face takes on a dreamy expression and her head rolls on her 
shoulders in time with the motions of her hips.  Eyes closed, she moans, 
almost inaudibly, with pleasure.  Under my thumbs her nipples become rock 
hard little knobs, on top of the firm resilient domes of her budding 
breasts.

Her breathing quickens, then catches, as I bring my forefingers up beside 
my thumbs and catch her nipples between them, gently pinching and rolling 
the hard little nubbins of flesh back and forth.  Leaning forwards, I 
nuzzle the side of her neck, pressing my lips against her soft flawless 
skin.  She shivers and groans at the contact and the movements of her hips 
become jerky and uncoordinated.

Opening my mouth, I gently bite down on her shoulder and I pinch her 
nipples harder between thumb and forefinger.

Abruptly her hips stop dead and I feel a sudden increase in warmth and 
dampness in my lap as she cums with a shuddering groan.  A few moments 
later her entire body relaxes and I pull her close to me, gently stroking 
her back, running my hands from the crown of her head to the soft curve of 
her buttocks.

"Mmmmm," Alison murmurs, snuggling into my chest and kissing it, "that's 
nice."

"I press my lips to the top of her head and ask quietly, "Was that a good 
one?"

"Uh-huh." She tilts her head up and kisses me softly, "The best I ever 
had."  A sudden gleam enters her eye and she grins, "You know, I haven't 
even seen it yet, except inside your bathers."

"Well that easy fixed." I grin back. "Go ahead and look."

She lifts her hands to my shoulders and pushes herself upright.  She then 
takes hold of the hem of her nightie and pulls it up, securing it under her 
chin. "Oh wow," she cries, looking down, "it's huge.  Will it really fit 
inside me?" She gives a little giggle, "I sure made it wet, didn't I."

She starts to reach down to touch it and I can't resist saying, "You look 
with your eyes not your fingers."

She snatches her hand back, and looks up at me, letting her nightie fall to 
bunch about her waist.  She sees my grin and thumps my arm.

"You can touch it." I laugh.

She starts to pull her nightie up under her chin and then deciding that it 
will keep getting in the way, she pulls it off over her head and tosses it 
over the arm of the couch.  She then tugs on the belt of my robe and lifts 
first her right knee and then her left, as she folds it back to either 
side, baring the front of my body.

Her fingers lightly trail over my chest, tracing the lines of my collar 
bones and ribs.  She plays with my nipples for a few moments, giggling as 
they harden under her touch. "Your boobs get hard too." she says 
wonderingly.

"Yeah, my nipples get hard, just like yours." I say, "We've both got all of 
the same sort of things, they're just arranged differently.  Your clit is a 
lot like the end of my cock and the rest is the same too, just turned 
inside out."

"That makes sense I guess." she says as she trails her fingers lower.  The 
glint in her eye warns me, but I have no time to react before her fingers 
dig into my sides.  As I laugh, my legs shoot out straight and she begins 
to slip towards the floor, forcing her to stop and grab hold of my robe.

"That's for tickling me." she declares.

I pull my feet back to give her a more secure seat and she continues her 
exploration, giving me one last retaliatory poke, right in the belly 
button, before she brushes her hands over the head of my rigid prick.  I 
make it jump at her touch and she jerks her hand back with a giggle.  She 
pokes at it with a finger and I make it jump again.  Again she giggles and 
draws back.

"Go on, it won't bite." I encourage her.

She slips backwards off my knees, pushes them apart and kneels on the floor 
between them.  With her face only inches from my groin, she closes her hand 
over my glans and squeezes it.  "It's not as hard as I thought." she says.  
"It's hot though."

She then slides her hand down to wrap about the shaft. "Oh, that's harder." 
she giggles.

I close my hand over hers and show her masturbate me.  "Oooh, the skin 
moves." she cries in wonder, "Does that feel good?"

"Uh-huh." I say, "But you'd better stop or I'm going to cum."

"What's cum?" she asks.

"Have an orgasm and feel really good like you did." I answer her.

"Men squirt stuff out of the end, don't they?"

"Yes, we squirt out a slippery white fluid called semen."

"I thought it was called sperm." she says, "I want to see it."

"Some times people call it sperm, but they're really the little cells in 
semen that join with a girls egg to make babies."

"Girls don't have eggs." she objects.

"Not like a chook." I laugh, "Human eggs are tiny, because they get fed by 
the mother while the baby grows inside her.  Bird's eggs have to have 
enough food to last until the baby is ready to come out of the shell."

"And there has to be enough room for the baby bird too." she says.

"Of course, that too" I say.

"So if you squirted your sperm, uh semen, in me I'd have a baby?  I don't 
want a baby yet.  Is Jenny going to have a baby?" she asks in a worried 
tone.

"No," I laugh, "Jenny's not going to have a baby.  It doesn't happen every 
time, besides she's too young to have a baby, she's not menstruating yet."

"What's that?"

"When a girl gets old enough, her body begins making eggs and her womb gets 
ready to feed it by growing a special lining.  If an egg doesn't join with 
a sperm the body flushes it out with the old lining and she bleeds from her 
vagina.  This happens every four weeks or so, until she's about fifty, 
unless there's a baby growing inside her.

"Oh periods, Mum told me about them.  I don't get them yet, but Mama says I 
will soon, because my boobs are growing."

"Well you can't have a baby then." I tell her.

"That's good, because I want to see what it's like to do it, uh fuck." she 
grins self consciously.  "Can I see your stuff, uh semen, now?" She asks 
eagerly.

"Yeah, you can see my stuff." I agree.

She immediately begins rapidly stroking her small hand up and down my 
shaft, her enthusiasm causing me to wince in pain and grasp her wrist.  
"Slow down." I say, "Take it easy."

"Sorry."

"Here, you do it like this." I close my hand over hers again and show her 
the pace and length of stroke that I like.  Taking her other hand I cup my 
balls with it and say, "Gently roll these around in their sack, that'll 
help me make more cum, but be very careful, because they're very sensitive.  
When I'm nearly cumming, they will lift up next to the bottom of my cock.  
When that happens you can speed up a little bit or you can stop and wait 
for them to get loose again.  The longer it takes to cum, the better it 
feels and you'll get a bigger load of semen too."

She gently rolls my balls around and as asks wonderingly, "What are they?"

"They're my testicles, or balls, on nuts." I explain, "They make my sperm."

"You mean semen don't you?" she asks, thinking she's caught me out.

"Uh-uh," I reply, "they only make the sperm, which gets mixed with some 
slippery goo inside my body and then it's called semen."

"Oh!" she says as she puts my instructions into practice and goes to work 
on my tumescent penis,  sliding her hand up and down may shaft and 
carefully fondling my balls.  Every now and then she starts to pull on my 
balls as she looses her rhythm and she takes on a look of intense 
concentration, as if she was trying to rub her tummy and pat her head at 
the same time.

In a short while she becomes more practiced and I continue my instructions.  
"O.K. the purple knob on the end is very sensitive too, especially the 
wrinkled bit here." I point out the area under my piss hole. "Get you 
fingers wet and slippery and rub it gently with them."

"How do I make them slippery?" she asks.

"You can use your spit or pussy juices." I tell her.

Opting for pussy juices, she takes her hand off my balls and dips it down 
below the level of the couch, returning with glistening fingertips.  Her 
other hand is still, as she transfers the moisture to the crown of my cock 
and goes back for more.  Then realising that she has stopped moving her 
other hand, she resumes her stroking.  At the same time she  rubs the 
slippery tips of her fingers in circles on the tip of my cock, brushing her 
thumb back and forth over the fraenum.

She looks up into my face as I groan, grinning a shit eating grin in 
response to my reassuring smile.  "Am I doing it right?" she asks.

"Just perfect." I reply softly, "Just perfect."

The top of her head threatens to separate from the rest of her as her grin 
widens.  Suddenly it disappears as she misses the beat and I wince as she 
pinches my foreskin between her thumbs.  Returning her concentration to the 
job in hand, she decides that my balls have been neglected long enough and 
abandons my glans to give them some more attention.

Less than minute later I am groaning continuously and involuntarily 
thrusting my hips up from the couch, fucking her tight little fist.  My 
balls are hot and heavy in the palm of her hand as she moves it in small 
circles gently massaging them.  Somehow or other I manage to grunt, "Gonna 
cum." through the tidal wave of pleasure that crashes over my body.

I Choke back a shriek that threatens to burst from my throat, as the first 
searing pulse of white hot semen boils from my balls and erupts in a creamy 
fountain from my angry purple knob.  It rises a good eighteen inches and 
falls with a wet slap, coating Alison's small fist and my balls.  Again my 
body spasms and another scalding geyser of seminal fluid splashes onto my 
belly.

Again and again the powerful, undeniable, convulsions wrack my frame, 
forcing jet after jet of lava hot com through my throbbing shaft.  Even 
after my aching balls run dry, the spasms continue, slowly dying away.

Finally I seize Alison's wrist to stop her hand, as its movements are now 
painful to my hyper-sensitised glans.  As soon as I take hold of her, she 
looks up at me apologetically and says, "I'm sorry I didn't make it last 
longer, I really wanted to see what it was like." Adding earnestly, "I'll 
make it better next time."

"Ach.." I swallow to moisten my parched throat.  "Alison," I say, reaching 
down to gently brush the back of my hand against her soft cheek, "if you 
make it much better, I'll die a happy man."

"Really?" she squeals, her face brightening, "I did it good?"

"You 'did it' great."

She beams at my praise, and leans into my knuckles.  Like a cat, she rubs 
against the back of my hand, her eyes closed, the contented hum in her 
throat almost a purr.  She reaches up to press her hand against mine and 
becomes aware of the cum that coats it.  Opening her eyes she examines the 
pearly droplets that coat it.

Looking up at me with a question in her eyes, she says, "Jenny says, she 
eats it.  She says it tastes good."

"Why don't you see for yourself?" I encourage her.

Visibly steeling herself, she barely touches the tip of her tongue to a 
glistening droplet and withdraws it into her mouth.  A moment later she 
tries again, this time collecting a fairly decent gob.  Even before her 
tongue disappears between her lips, a delighted smile appears and her 
tongue darts back out to eagerly lap at her hand.  When her hand is clean, 
she dips her head to the creamy strands that adorn my thighs and a moment 
later I feel her tongue on my balls.  In her hunt for more of what she so 
obviously likes, she bypasses my cock to lap at the pearly rivulet that 
descends from my navel.

She then sits back on her heels and I hear her muttering to herself, "Jenny 
says she does it, I can do it too."  A moment later she takes my flaccid 
member between her fingertips and engulfs it in the hot wet cavern of her 
mouth.  With a lingering slurp, she draws back, the tip of her tongue 
against the underside stripping a last dribble of semen from the shaft.

"I did it." she squeals, half in wonder, "I really did it.  And I'm gonna 
suck it ALL out next time."

"You missed a bit." I grin, pointing at the gooey strands festooning my 
pubes.

"No way!" her face screws up in disgust, "That's too gross."

I have to smile at her values, sucking semen from my cock is fine, licking 
it out of the surrounding hair is not.  She returns my smile crookedly, 
protesting, "Well it is."

"I didn't say a word." I say my smile broadening.

"You didn't have to." she returns.

"Well if you aren't going to clean it up,"  I say, "will you pass me a 
towel, so I can?"

"O.K." she chirps cheerfully and presents me with a charming view of her 
still boyish buttocks and the shining, puffy lips of her sweet pussy, as 
she crawls across the room.  My cock twitches at the sight, but she has 
left me too drained to respond in the fashion that her delightful display 
deserves.

When she rises and turns back to me, she coquettishly hides her charms 
behind the towel, holding it in front of her body as she smiles seductively 
at me over the upper edge.  She comes to a halt just out of reach and 
treats me to brief tantalising glimpses of her glistening mons.

I snatch at the towel, but she dances back grinning and resumes flashing 
her pussy at me.  Then with a final flash of her creamy white buns, she 
darts past me into the kitchen.  poking her head back through the door, she 
points at the coffee table, saying, "Bring that." and disappears.

                                    ***

Smiling, I gather up the bong and bowl and follow her through the kitchen 
to the conservatory.  She is already in the roiling water and her eyes 
follow my bobbing, dangling member as I approach.  I set the bong down and 
shuck off my robe, dropping it on top of her discarded towel.

I then step into the water and take a seat opposite her.  She watches me 
through the rising steam and as soon as I pick up and pack the bong she 
scoots around to sit beside me.  Watching as I light up and pull the sweet 
intoxicating smoke deep into my lungs.  Holding the smoke in, I sit back 
and pack her last pipe for the evening.  Finally my vision starts to go and 
I'm forced to breathe out.

Alison watches fascinated, as my breath whooshes out, without a trace of 
smoke showing.  "How did you do that?" she asks.

"Do what?" I return, my head spinning.

"Not blow any smoke." she says accusingly.

"I didn't want to." I reply in the most aggravating tone I can conjure.

"Well give me that." she cries snatching the bong from my hand. "I want to 
try."

'This should be interesting.' I think to myself grinning.

"Light it for me," she orders, "my hands are wet."

"Yes miss." I acquiesce subserviently, "Right away miss."

Alison snorts into the bong, and mull puffs from the cone. "Don't do that!" 
she cries. "Now pack me another one."

"Yes miss." I take the bong from her with downcast eyes.

"Stop it." she giggles.

"Stop what miss?" I ask as I pack the bong.

"STOP CALLING ME MISS." she all but yells.

"Of Course..." I say, "... mistress."

"Stop it!" she giggles, punching me in the arm.  "Now give me that."

I hand her the bong, pick up the lighter and wait for her to take a few 
deep breaths as she gets her giggles under control.  When she nods and puts 
her lips to the mouthpiece, I light it for her.  Now it is my turn to be 
surprised.  I watch her pull on the bong until the cone empties and air 
whistles down the stem.

She lifts her head and stares into my eyes.  As I look back she emits a 
couple of tiny snorts and tears start to form in the corners of her eyes, 
but, somehow or other, she keeps the smoke in her lungs.  I take the bong 
from her and set it aside.  Finally, she releases her breath explosively.  
Grinning tightly, she dashes the tears from her eyes and lowers her head 
into her hands.

"Oh wow!" she moans, "My head's really spinning.  I did it, but I don't 
know if I want to try again."

"Well you're not going to get the chance tonight." I tell her, "You've had 
more than enough.  Are you all right?"

"Uh-huh." she nods, then groans, "Ooooh, that makes me dizzy."

"Here." I say, and pull her into my lap, where she curls up and rests her 
head on my shoulder.  I cup her bottom in my hand and gently run my 
fingertips along the length of her pouting pussy lips.

"Mmm that's nice." she murmurs, snuggling closer.

Under my light touch, I feel her vulva begin to swell, and her breathing 
quickens.  I lay my finger along the length of the tight split between her 
labia and press inwards, they give way before me and clasp my finger in 
their sweet, slick, warm embrace.

Alison moans softly, deep in her throat and pushes back against my hand, 
"Mmmm, yesss." she murmurs, kissing my chest, "Tickle my pussy.  Make me 
feel good again."

Happy to comply, I whisper, "Yes mistress." and feel, more than hear her 
giggle.  I gently trace the lines of her inner labia within the pliable 
folds of her maturing pussy, brushing my fingertip over the pebbly hardness 
of her clit, nestled at the top of her precious little slit.  Back along 
the length of her vulva I trace, carefully skirting the tight entrance to 
her vagina, I lightly tickle her perineum, causing her to wriggle.

Back and forth along the sweet, slick length of her beautiful pussy, I drag 
my finger, while she makes happy little noises and squirms contentedly.  
Once, as my finger passes near her vagina, one of her wriggles causes the 
tip to slip inside and she stops dead.  But as I carefully begin to extract 
it, she stops me and says, "No, it's all right, you can put your finger in 
me."

"You sure?" I whisper into her hair.

"Uh-huh," she nods, "I was just testing you before."

"Really, why?" I ask.

"I wanted to make sure you was as nice as Jenny said you was." she replies.

"Oh!" I remain still as I digest this.

"Well hurry up and stick it in." she interrupts my thoughts and wriggles 
against my hand.  "Oooh!"

"Oh, you like that?" I ask, moving my finger in small circles, teasing her 
with just the very tip.

"Uh-huh." she nods.

"Are you sure?" I tease her, changing the direction of the rotation.

"Yess I'm sure." she hisses, "Now put it in properly."

"Really, REALLY sure?" I tease and flick another finger across the tip of 
her clit.

"YESSS!" she cries in frustration, then moans a long drawn out, "Noooo!" as 
I pull my finger completely free of her vagina.  "Put it back." she pleads, 
almost whimpering, "Please, put it back.  I really want it.  I need it."

I tease the soft skin of her perineum, from her tightly clenched anal 
pucker to the back of her heated, swollen labia for a few more seconds, 
enjoying her frustrated moans and wriggles as she tries to trap my questing 
digit.  I catch her hand as she tries to grab my wrist and guide me into 
her.  Then after a few seconds more, to heighten her anticipation, I 
insinuate my fingertip between her enlarged labia and slowly slide it home, 
into a heated, glove like sheath that opens before me and clasps my 
intruding finger in an unbelievably tight embrace.

"Yess!" She hisses, "Oh, yesss!  That feels sooo good.  Move it in and out.  
Fuck me with your finger."

As I start sliding my finger in and out, she hisses again, and again, 
"Yess, Yesss,  Oh, yess!  Sssooo  good."

Releasing her trapped hand, I slide my other hand down over her gently 
undulating belly and insinuate it between her slim thighs, brushing the 
side of my forefinger across the tip of her distended clit.  "Again!" she 
squeaks, "Do it again."

She pulls her upper leg up to her chest, giving me plenty of room, between 
her legs.  Turning my hand to cup her bulging mound I rub my palm in small 
circles over her engorged clitoris.  drawing further squeaks and moans of 
excitement from her barely pubescent frame.

A new idea strikes me and I completely withdraw my finger from her clasping 
sheath.  "Noooo!" she moans, "Put it back.  I want to cum so bad."  Then, 
"Yes, Yess,  Yesssss!" as I slide the index finger of my other hand into 
her young box.

At the same time, I circle the crinkled pucker of her little arsehole.  
Back and forth, my hands shuttle between her legs, swapping fingers with 
each gentle thrust into her body, Alternately teasing her clit and her bum 
hole.  "Oh Yess!  God yesss!" she squeaks, "Faster, do it faster."

I comply with her wishes and soon my hands are flying back and forth 
between her quivering thighs, until a particularly violent wriggle on her 
part causes me to push the finger of one hand into her vagina before the 
other is out of the way.

She tenses at the added intrusion and I stop dead, with the middle finger 
of each hand half buried in her tight little twat, scared that I've hurt 
her. "No," she gasps, "don't stop!  Push 'em right in."

I try to do so, but the rest of my fingers become entangled in each other.  
I pull my finger out and she cries, "No, put them back.  Oh!" she squeaks 
as I replace them with the first two fingers of my right hand, driving them 
home to the last knuckle as I caress her clit with the ball of my thumb.

"Oh yess!" she squeals ecstatically, "fuck my pussy with your fingers.  
Fuck it, fuck it, fuck, fuck, fuck." she babbles obscenities in time with 
the thrusts of my fingers into her body.  With the fingers of my left hand 
I begin circling her tightly clenched anal sphincter, teasing her as I 
plunge the fingers of my other hand in and out of her creaming cunt.

"Eeeek!" she squeals shrilly. "What are you doing?" she asks as her anus 
relaxes under my orbiting finger and opens to accept the tip.

"Relax," I sooth her, still teasing her clit, but keeping the rest of my 
fingers still, "you're going to love this."

"But it's dirty." she objects.

"Very nasty." I agree, "But it's going to drive you wild."

"Does Jenny like it?" she asks.

"Sh loves it." I say.

"Well O.K." she agrees timorously, "But you've got to stop if I tell you 
to."

"Of course." I agree and gently work my fingers back and forth, not 
actually moving them, just encouraging the tightly clenched rings of muscle 
to relax.

Her vagina is the first to ease up and she releases a drawn out sigh of 
satisfaction as my fingers slide home within its sweet, rubbery confines.  
Gradually, as I slowly work my fingers in and out of her tight vaginal 
sheath, I feel her arsehole relax and the first knuckle of my finger slips, 
with a rush, into the warm, buttery confines of her rectal passage.

She squeals at the sudden intrusion and I stop as I ask, "Are you O.K.?  
Does it feel all right?"

"It feels funny," she answers, "sort of like I need to poo, but it feels 
good too."

It gets better" I tell her and continue.

Less than a minute later, she has taken my entire finger into the buttery 
depths of bowels and she is rocking her hips back and forth, forcing 
herself harder onto my fingers as I plunge them alternately into her holes.  
"Yess, oh yesss, yes, yes!" she yelps excitedly, "Fuck my bum, fuck my 
cunt.  Fuck me with your fingers.  Fuck meee-eeee!" Her voice rises in 
pitch and she cries, "Oh, Oh God, it's, it's happening, I'm gonna cum.  
I'm, I'm, I'm, ... Ohhh, I'm cum...aieeeemrmff."

Her voice mounts to a shrill scream that she muffles by turning her face 
into my chest, as I drive my finger into her tightly clenched rear passage 
and she cums.  Her exquisitely tight little vagina and arsehole become even 
tighter, as they clamp down on my deeply buried fingers, clenching and 
relaxing rhythmically, again and again, as she shudders through the most 
intense experience of her young life.

Slowly her tremors subside, reduced to occasional twitches and shivers.  
She draws a shuddering breath and her forehead bangs against my chest twice 
before she finds the strength to lift her head and look up into my eyes.  
Blinking away the tears of reaction, she licks her lips and whispers, "It 
never ever felt that good before, thankyou."

"Your welcome." I whisper back, "Do you want it to feel even better?"

Her eyes widen in surprise. "No way!" she cries, "It couldn't get any 
better than THAT!  I'd die." A sudden smirk flashes onto her face, "But 
you're right, I'd die happy."

"Well you don't quite die," I grin back, "but I have made Jenny pass out a 
few times.  Wanna give it a go?"

"Maybe." she grins up at me, "Can I do it to you?"

"You can try," I say, "but it's a lot harder to do it to a man."

"How come?"

"I guess it's because a girl can have lot's of orgasms straight after each 
other." I explain, "Most men can only have one orgasm at a time.  So to do 
it to a man, you have to make it really good."

"Why?"

"Probably because a man doesn't have to carry something as big and heavy as 
bowling ball around inside his belly for months and then squeeze it out 
through a hole this big." I hold up my circled thumb and forefinger by way 
of demonstration. She giggles at my explanation and I continue, "A girl 
gets more and better orgasms to make up for it."

"So how do I make it really good for you?" she asks with a wicked gleam in 
her eye.

"By nearly making me cum and stopping and then doing it again and again."

"Uh- huh," she nods her understanding, "like you told me in the lounge."

"Just like that" I agree.

"Can I do it now?"

"Not tonight honey." I say and her face falls. "It would take to long and 
you've got to go to bed pretty soon."

"Do I have to." she protests, "Mum won't know."

"But I will." I say, "I promised your mama you'd be in bed by nine thirty."

"Ten." she automatically corrects me.

"O.K. Ten." I say.

"But I want to suck your cock like Jenny does and let you squirt in my 
mouth and I want you to fuck me too."

"Well you'll have to make up your mind there." I say with a grin, "I can 
only cum once more before your bedtime.  What's it going to be, fuck or 
suck?"

"Both!" She giggles a little self consciously, "Uh, Jenny says you do 
something to her sometimes." her voice tapers off into silence.

"Like what?" I ask, already knowing the answer, but enjoying her mental 
squirming.

"Um, she says you lick her pussy." she says.

"I think I can manage that." I grin, "Is there anything else you'd like?"

"Yeah, you can get your finger out of my bum," she giggles, "I want to 
piddle."

I pull my fingers free of her sweet pussy and tight little arsehole and 
help her from the water.  Taking up the towel, I wrap it around her slim 
body and briskly rub her dry.

                                    ***

"How do I turn off the spa?" I ask.

Alison reaches down to the controls and kills the blower and says "We'll 
just cover it up and leave the heater on so it's ready for tomorrow."

She then helps me spread an insulating cover over water and we gather up 
Ren's clothes, my robe and the bong.  She pouts when I put the bong and 
bowl away.  I follow her through the laundry and into the toilet, dumping 
Ren's clothes along the way.

Alison stands in front of the toilet and when I make no move to continue 
through to the bathroom, she asks, "Do you want to watch me piddle?"

"If you'll let me." I reply.

"That's rude?" she giggles and sits on the pot, spreading her legs wide.

"Hang on." I say and kneel down on the tiled floor in front of her.  I 
guide her into a slightly hunched position at the back of the seat, with 
her pelvis tilted upwards.  Using my thumbs I pull apart her rubbery labia 
and stare into the sweet pink furrow thus revealed.

"This is so naughty, but it's making my pussy feel all tingly inside too."

"Just looking at your beautiful little pussy is making me tingly too." I 
say.

She suddenly pulls her self upright and pushes my hands away from her 
pussy. "Get that mirror, I want to look too." she says, pointing around the 
corner into the bathroom.

I get up and get the magnifying, makeup mirror, then kneel before her and 
helping her back into position.  She holds the mirror on one of her thighs 
tilting it until she has a good view of her puffed up vulva, as I once 
again stretch her pussy lips apart.

She only gives me a few seconds to contemplate her glistening pink bits 
before she starts pointing.  "That's my clitoris, right?  What do you call 
these?" she points at her inner lips."

"Here," I say, taking away one hand and guiding her free hand into place, 
"You hold this side."  Taking her pussy lip between thumb and forefinger 
she stretches it much further than I would have dared, pulling the other 
from beneath my thumb.  Emulating her, I secure it again and stretch it the 
same way, until her vagina, a deep, wet cavern of mystery, opens up of its 
own accord.

"O.K." I say pointing at her clit, insheathed within its hood.  "This bit 
is actually the prepuce, or hood of your clitoris.  Here inside it," I 
gently skin it back to reveal her iridescently shining, pink pearl, "is 
your clitoris.  It's got more nerves in it, than the skin of your whole 
back.  That's why it's so sensitive.

"These here," I trace the taught lines of her outer labia "are your labia 
major, that means big lips, they're also called outer pussy lips.  Now can 
you work out what these are?" I point to her inner lips.

"Little lips?" she answers questioningly.

"That's right, labia minor, that means little lips, or inner pussy lips.  
And of course you know what this is." I say, sliding a finger deep into her 
vagina.

"My vagina." she giggles.

"Right, or pussy hole, cunt hole or fuck hole.  And this is your pee hole 
or urethra." I say, tickling the tiny slit below her clitoris.

As soon as I do so, I know it is a mistake.  She giggles at the feathery 
touch and I feel the tiny opening bulge under my fingertip, as a pale 
golden spurt of urine shoots out.  Blocked by my finger it sprays sideways 
onto her legs and up onto her belly.

"Oops, sorry." she giggles, getting it under control and choking off the 
flow.

"'sa'right!" I reply in a gravely voice.

"Greg?" her voice is so low as to be almost inaudible.

"Yes?"

"Will you do it again?" she asks in a small voice, "It felt good."

Her question makes me think of a couple of stories I've read in stick 
books, about pissing games.  Feeling curious and having a perfect 
opportunity, I ask, "How would you like to sit on me and piddle all over 
me?"

Shocked, she lets another small spurt of pee go.  Staring at me she asks, 
"Isn't that dirty?"

"Not really, I've read that pee is clean enough to drink, even if it 
doesn't taste the best.  But it is nasty isn't it?  Wanna try?" I grin up 
at her.

"Yeah!" she grins, "But we better do it in the shower so we don't make a 
mess.  Now hurry up and help me, I'm bursting."

I take the mirror and put it one side, then lift her and carry her to the 
shower cubicle, where I sit half reclining in the base.  Alison, already 
spraying pee, straddles me and stretching her pussy lips to the sides, she 
sits in my lap, with my rampant cock between them.  Her piss is hot on my 
flesh, as it sprays in all directions, all over my belly and legs and up my 
chest almost to my chin.

Alison throws her head back and closes her eyes, as she rocks her hips back 
and forth, grinding her pussy on my engorged member.  Deep in her throat, 
she moans in ecstasy. I lift my hands to tweak her tumescent nipples and 
she places her hands over mine, crushing my fingertips closed on the stiff 
fleshy nubbins.

All too soon, the steamy flow stops and she groans in disappointment.  
Before I can think about what I am doing, I shift my hands to her hips and 
lift her glistening wet pussy to my mouth.  Clamping my lips over her pussy 
I drag my tongue from one end of her slit to the other.  Surprisingly she 
doesn't taste too bad, a little acrid and pretty salty, but nothing like 
the ammoniacal surprise my disgusting little brother once left in a cup on 
the table.

With a muffled cry, she grabs hold of the soap dish and grinds her pussy 
against my face.  With my hands, I push her back an inch or so, so that I 
can better service her sweet gash.  Pointing my tongue, I probe between her 
fat labia, searching for the entrance to her vagina.  When I find it, I 
drive my tongue inside and wriggle the tip, causing her to yelp with 
pleasure.

Withdrawing my tongue, I pull her pussy lips apart and find her rock hard 
little clitoris.  Each flick of my tongue over the fat little nubbin, 
wrings an animalistic growl of pleasure from her and she tries to force her 
oozing gash against my face.  I suck the blood filled little shaft between 
my lips and reach around behind her.  Then as I bite down with my lip 
cushioned teeth on her pulsating clit, I drive my thumb deep into her 
vagina.

Her whole body goes rigid, and I hear her grunt solidly, as her cunt goes 
into spasms around my thumb.  With a jerk that makes me fear for the soap 
dish, she thrusts her hips forward and grinds her adolescent pussy against 
my lips.  Again and again her young body convulses, as I extend her orgasm 
with my flickering tongue on her swollen clit, until finally, unable to 
take any more she looses her grip on the soap dish and starts to slide down 
the wall.

Keeping my thumb embedded in her contracting vagina, I carefully lower her 
into my lap and cradle her head against my shoulder.  Gradually her 
breathing slows and she moans, lifting her head to look up at me.  "Oh, 
wow!" she groans, "That was so good.  But how could you lick my pussy when 
it had piddle all over it?"

"Like I said," I reply, "It's clean and you know, it doesn't taste too bad 
when it's fresh.  So you liked having your pussy licked."

"God yes!" she exclaims, "You can lick my pussy any time."  Her face takes 
on a meditative look and she asks, "Do you want to piddle on me now?"

"Alison," I say, giving her a serious look, "are you saying that because 
you want me to, or just because you think you have to do it, because I let 
you do it to me?"

"No." she replies, "I want you to do it, but I don't know if I want to 
taste it."

"Well don't then." I reply, "What Jenny told you is true;  If you don't 
want to do it, you don't have to.  And if you do want to try or do 
something, just ask me.  I might say no, but I won't get mad, or think any 
less of you for it.  On the other hand, if I ever find out you did 
something you didn't want to, just because you thought it would please me 
or somebody else, then I'll never play these games with you again.  O.K.?"

"Uh-huh." she nods looking serious.  "Now can you piddle on my boobs and 
pussy?"

"Well there's a little problem there." I reply with a grin, "Men can't pee 
when they're hard."

She scoots back, looks down at my rampant cock and giggles, "I'd call that 
a big problem.  I still don't know how it's going to fit in me."

"Well it's not really THAT big,  they come in all sizes and some can be 
twice as big.  And think about it for a moment, if a baby can come out of 
that hole, there shouldn't be any problems getting my baby maker into it."

"I guess you're right." she giggles. "And do they really get that big?" she 
asks, her eyes widening with incredulity.

"Yup, that big." I grin at her, "Big enough to tickle your tonsils, I'm 
just an average sort of bloke."

"Well you're still too big for what I want now." she pouts, "How do I make 
it small?"

"Well you could pump the cream out."  I respond, knowing what her reaction 
to that will be.

Sure enough, she objects strenuously, "No, you've got to fuck me tonight.  
Is there any other way?"

"Well there's always the cold shower." I reply.

Before I have a chance to stop her, she pulls herself free of my impaling 
thumb and turns the cold tap on full, causing us both to gasp.  
Immediately, my erection wilts like a chocolate Easter bunny in a blast 
furnace and I struggle to my feet.  I shut off the icy water and glare down 
at her, "Actually I was just going to use a wet cloth, that was a bit 
much."

"You did say a cold shower," she says through chattering teeth.  She looks 
down at my shrivelled member and giggles, "Anyway, it worked and you can 
piddle on me now."

"Let's warm up a bit first." I say.  Turning the shower head to the wall, I 
adjust the temperature to as hot as I think she can stand and turn the 
spray back on us.  Alison gasps at the heat, but turns her face up into the 
falling water.

Once we stop shivering, she reaches for the taps and turns off the water.  
Taking a firm hold on my somewhat recovered member, she says, "O.K. you can 
give me another sort of shower now."

With a conscious effort of will, I relax my bladder and send out a strong 
spurt of hot piss, which hits her in the belly.  She jumps and squeaks at 
the impact, but recovers quickly and aims my stream at her chest, moving it 
from side to side coating both of her tiny breasts with my pee.  She then 
trails the flow down over her belly, and aims it at the juncture of her 
thighs, spreading her pussy lips apart, to direct it against her still hard 
clit.

She moans at the impact and my cock begins to harden in response.  Then in 
a surprising move, she drops to her knees and aims the golden stream at her 
face.  With one hand she furiously masturbates her clit, the other holding 
my cock steady, as she turns her face back and forth in the hot outpourings 
of my bladder.

With amazing rapidity. my cock continues to harden and she has to fight it 
down, to keep it aimed at her beautiful elfin face.  It is with some 
difficulty, that I force the last of my pee out, releasing it in short 
sharp bursts.

Keeping her eyes closed, she releases my cock to slap wetly, against my and 
lowers her hand to join the other between her legs.  Her left hand 
furiously rubs and pinches her swollen, bruised looking clit, while the 
other delves deeper and she drives three fingers as far as she can force 
them into her box.  Leaning back against the wall, she rapidly plunges them 
in and out, driving herself towards another massive climax, her head 
banging unnoticed, against the tiles.

I drop to my knees in front of her, slipping a hand behind her head to 
cushion it, as I take hold of her left nipple with the other.  Steeling 
myself, I take her starboard teat between my teeth and start to gently chew 
on it.  I taste my own, stronger flavoured urine, on her skin, but caught 
up in pleasuring her, I ignore it and concentrate on flicking my tongue 
back and forth across the stiff, rubbery nubbin of flesh caught between my 
teeth.

In only a matter of seconds, she grunts, and her juvenile frame bucks 
beneath me, as she cums.  Thrusting her chest out and mashing the small 
hillock of her breast against my bared teeth.  Her orgasm is short and 
sharp, subsiding as quickly as it rose and a few seconds later, her chest 
heaving she pulls away from me.

I sit back on my heels and look down into her glistening face, as she gets 
her breathing under control.  Taking hold of her wrist, I pull her fingers 
from her ravaged twat and lift them to my lips.  Feeding her fingers into 
my mouth, I wash the bitter taste of my piss away with the succulent juices 
of her spend.

A moment later, I hear her asks, "Uh Greg, could you turn the shower back 
on so I can wash my face and open my eyes?"

I slip my arm, beneath hers and help he to stand on trembling legs, then 
adjust the water to a comforting warmth.  She turns her face up into the 
falling water and leans into me as she luxuriates in the soothing spray.  A 
minute later, she turns the water off and keeping her arm around my waist, 
she pulls me from the shower.

We roughly towel ourselves dry and make a dash for the lounge, where we 
take our time, to properly dry each other in front of the wall furnace.  I 
then take a couple of cushions from the couch and pull Alison down to sit 
between my legs in the warm blast off air coming from the grill, as I 
attend to her hair for the second time that night.

When I'm done she, takes the brush from me and stands behind me while she 
does mine.  She then starts to sit in front of me, but changes her mind.  
With a very definite, "Don't move." she skips from the room and returns a 
moment later, holding something behind her back.

She drops gracefully into a half lotus before me, giving me a clear view of 
her pretty, young pussy.  I notice that even in this widespread position 
the shell like halves of her vulva remain mostly closed, though at the top, 
the hood of her clitoris is clearly visible and at the bottom I can see a 
black slit within a slit, that indicates the position of her vaginal 
entrance.

She only gives me a few seconds to contemplate the delightful vista before 
her hands and the hairbrush block my view, as she goes to work on my beard.  
Once she is satisfied that it is tangle free, she divides it down the 
middle and then divides the right half again, into three.  With nimble 
fingers she quickly plaits it and says, "Close your eyes and don't open 
them until I tell you to."

I close my eyes and feel her fasten the end.  "Keep them closed." she 
admonishes me, as she goes to work on the other side.  Half a minute later 
she finishes the left and says, "O.K. you can open them now."

I open my eyes and I'm presented with my horrendously magnified visage in 
the makeup mirror and then I catch sight of what she has used to fasten the 
ends of the plaits.  Two bright pink bows of inch wide ribbon adorn the 
tips of my tightly plaited forked beard.

Cocking my head to one side like a bird, I say, "I think I can live with 
the plaits, but those ribbons have to go."

"I don't know," she says grinning, "I think they're kinda cute."

"Yeah 'ugly but fascinating'." I return, reaching up to tug them free.

"No!" Alison restrains my hand, "It's just a joke, here." she takes hold of 
one plait and tugs the ribbon off, replacing it with an elastic band, she 
then does the other and holds the mirror up again.

"You know, I think I like it." I say, turning my head, this way and that, 
to get a better look. "Now all I need to do is grow my hair long here" I 
indicate my temples. "and I'll look like a real barbarian.

"And do you know what barbarians do?" I ask with a leer.

"No." she replies with a grin, that tells me she can make a good guess.

"They capture beautiful, young virgins and subject them to a fate worse 
than death." I growl and suiting my actions to my words, I pluck the mirror 
from her hands and setting it aside I take hold of her and throw her over 
my shoulder.

                                    ***

Falling into the part, she feebly beats at my back and quietly shrieks, "Oh 
no, not that.  Spare me, please spare me."

"Never." I say, gently swatting her on the backside, "I've captured you and 
now I'm going to have my wicked way with you.  The only question is; Where 
do you want it, here, your room or your mother's."

"My room." she declares and returns to beating my back with blows that 
might just concuss a gnat, while uttering shrieks that would be inaudible 
from across the room.

I rise to my feet and start to carry her from the room.  "Oops," I say 
setting her down, "we'd better take these with us or Ren's going to wonder 
what's going on."  I throw her nightie at her, while picking up and 
slipping on my robe.  I put the cushions back on the couch, while Alison, 
takes care of the TV and Video.  She then comes to stand before me, 
obviously waiting for me to put her back over my shoulder.

Taking a good grip on her hips, I do so and she goes back to her thumping 
and squealing as I begin to detail the depraved and degenerate actions I 
intend to perform on her poor, defenceless body.

"First, I'm going to strip this flimsy rag from your, trembling terrified 
body and then I'm going to rub my great, filthy hands all over your sweet, 
innocent, little body like this." I demonstrate by trailing my hand up her 
legs, under the hem of her nightie, to gently squeeze and maul her 
delightfully firm buttocks.

"And then, I'm going to force my nasty fingers up inside your little girl's 
cunt like this."  Again I suit actions to words and push my middle finger 
into the steaming, sopping wet, velvety passage, that lies between her 
quivering thighs.  As soon as my finger slides home, she goes limp and a 
tremulous sigh escapes her lips.  A moment later she gains purchase by 
wrapping her arms around my chest and humps her hips up and down, fucking 
herself on my intruding digit.

"Come on." I say, withdrawing my finger from the tight, warm embrace of her 
youthful pussy.  "We'd better get to your room, before I drop you here on 
the floor and fuck you right outside Ren's bedroom."

I shush her as she giggles and look in on Ren.  Somehow or other, she has 
gotten herself entangled in the bed clothes.  Her nightie is rucked up 
under her armpits, exposing the bottom of her ribs and cute little belly.  
The sheet and doona are wrapped around her legs and lower body.

Setting Alison down on the floor, I carefully disentangle the bed clothes 
and fold them down to the foot of the bed.  Ren doesn't even stir as I 
pull her nightie down.  I wave Alison around to the other side of the bed, 
so she can help me with the bedclothes, but instead of taking hold of the 
sheet, she flips the hem of her little sister's nightie up and with a 
muffled giggle, pulls her leg to one side.  Though the light from the hall 
is dim, the shadows sharply delineate the lines of her sweet young pussy 
and I imagine that I can see just a hint of moisture in the deepest 
shadows.

"I dare you to kiss it." Alison whispers from across the bed and I look up 
to see the light gleam from her teeth as she grins at me.

Grinning back at her, I carefully put my hands on either side of Ren's 
tiny frame and lower my lips to her pouting pussy.  As I get closer, I 
inhale and I detect more than a hint of an unmistakable odour and I think 
to myself, 'well she obviously liked the way I fixed her bathers, I wonder 
if she made herself cum.'

Drinking of the heady, intoxicating aroma of her arousal, I gently press my 
lips to the smooth, hairless skin of her five year old vulva.  Then unable 
to resist, I dip my tongue between her legs and taste of her sweet 
ambrosial nectar, dragging the rough tip of my tongue, the full length of 
the fine crack separating the perfect, hairless halves of her preteen 
pussy.

It is with an extreme effort of will, that I stop myself from falling upon 
her succulent little pudenda and devouring her whole.  Instead I 
reluctantly drag myself away and cover the source of my temptation.

I look up at Alison and meet her open mouthed stare with a grin, waving for 
her to take hold of the sheet.  Fumbling, she does so and we draw it up 
under Ren's chin and carefully tuck her in.  She then helps me with the 
doona and lightly brushes her lips across her little sister's cheek, then 
motions for me to do the same.

As I do so, I feel her twitch as one of my braids tickles her under the 
nose and I hastily pull back, watching as she frees a hand and scrubs it 
back and forth across her upper lip.  With a little mumble, she rolls over 
onto her side and burrows her nose under the edge of the doona.

Silently, I walk around the end of the bed, hold out my hand to Alison.  
Instead of taking it she wraps her arm around my waist and snuggles into my 
side, pulling my hand down to cup her right breast through the soft cotton 
of her nightie.

She remains silent until we reach her room, but as soon as the door is 
closed she turns until the tip of my cock rests between her budding breasts 
and looks up at me.  In a mock accusing tone, she says, "I said, kiss it 
not lick it."

"But she smelled so good," I reply apologetically.

"So, what did she taste like, better than me?" her expression tells me what 
answer I'd better give to that question.

However some little demon prompts me to say, "Yep."  I wait for her 
expression to darken, before grinning and adding, "But, I haven't tasted 
you without pee sauce, so who can tell."

"Oooh, you, you, you bugger!" she says and thumps my chest.

"Seriously though," I say, "there are no betters or worse, everybody is 
just as good as everybody else, just different.  Of course that doesn't 
count if you haven't washed for a week.  In that case I'll tell you, you 
stink and taste like shit."

She giggles at the last, and I grin back at her, "Want to hear something 
funny?" I ask.

"What?"

"I know how your baby sister got all tangled up like that." I say and wait.

Alison tries to outwait me, but her curiosity gets the better of her and 
she asks "How?"

"I think, your little sister has found out that her pussy is good for more 
than peeing with and she fingered herself to sleep."

"Your kidding," Alison giggles, "Ren?"

"Uh-huh," I nod, "she certainly smelled like it."

"And of course you just HAD to taste her, just to make sure."

"Of course." I reply with an air of injured innocence.

"I think you're just a dirty old man, who likes to do naughty things to 
little girls." she accuses, "But that's all right, I'm still a little girl 
and I want you to do naughty things to me right now."

"Come on." she starts pushing me towards the foot of the bed.  I feel the 
edge against the back of my legs and with a shove she topples me onto it.  
She immediately starts tugging at the belt of my robe and as soon as the 
knot gives way, she folds it back to expose my rampant member.

With a squeal of delight, she grabs hold, gives it a few quick pumps and 
then takes hold of the hem of her nightie.

Smiling, I sit up and place my hands over hers, saying, "No, let me unwrap 
you."

She smiles shyly back at me, and lets her nightie fall.  I reach for the 
hem and then an idea strikes me.  She looks at me questioningly, as I rise 
from the bed and go over to her dresser.  It is identical to Ren's and 
taking a chance, I tug open the top draw.  Yep there are her knickers, a 
mixture of older cotton varieties and newer more grown up ones.  For the 
occasion, I choose a full, high waisted, pair of plain, white, cotton 
underpants.

Alison looks at them askance for a few moments, when I hand them to her, 
but their symbolism dawns on her and she motions for me to turn around 
while she puts them on.  She then tugs my robe closed and reties the belt.  
Pushing me back onto the bed, she stands before me, a picture of virginal 
innocence.

                                    ***

As I grasp the hem of her nightie, a look of apprehension flickers across 
her face, as she realises that the moment of truth is almost upon her.  
"Are you sure you want to do this?" I ask quietly.

"Uh-huh." she nods, "I'm just a little scared."

"It's O.K. to be scared." I tell her and immediately the fearful look 
fades, though she continues to chew nervously on her lower lip.  I lower my 
eyes to the hem of nightie and start to slowly gather the material in my 
hands, inching it higher and higher.

With six inches of cloth in my hands I pause to look up at Alison's face, 
where anticipation has started to crowd out her nerves.  Letting my gaze 
fall once more, I resume gathering up her hem, raising it until her 
knickers come into view.

She has arranged them perfectly.  Although they are a little on the small 
side, she has settled them low on her hips, so that the crotch is slightly 
baggy between her legs giving no hint, as to the shape of her pudenda.  My 
heart thumps in my chest and my hands tremble, as I continue to lift the 
soft fabric of her nightie higher.

Again I pause, just below the level of her breasts and when I raise my eyes 
to hers, I'm met by her sweet, still slightly nervous smile.  She raises 
her hands above her head and I raise the nightie up to the level of her 
chin.  Her tiny breasts have become even smaller, flattened when her skin 
is pulled tight by her upraised arms.

I stand to pull her nightie right off and toss it aside, before sitting 
back down on the bed and drinking in the sight of her perfect preteen body.  
She stands, a trifle self-consciously, before me, her hands folded 
protectively in front of her groin.

"Perfect, just perfect." I whisper and she rewards me with a brilliant 
smile, dropping her hands to her sides.  I hold out my arms to her and she 
climbs onto the bed, straddling my hips.

I gently enfold her in my arms, drawing her against my chest and pulling 
her head down to my shoulder.  Her arms slip around me and she hugs me 
convulsively, sending a thrill of pure love through me.  I gently caress 
her back from the nape of her neck to the elastic waistband of her snow 
white knickers.

Slowly her arms relax and she lifts her head to gaze lovingly into my eyes.  
Lifting my hand to the back of her head, I gently, pull her forehead down 
to my lips, planting a soft kiss just below her fringe.  She then does the 
same for me.  Taking turns we exchange sweet soft kisses in this fashion, 
eyelids, cheeks, nose and chin.

Finally, lip meets lip, at first gently, almost chastely, but it quickly 
becomes more, as moaning, she parts her lips and increases the pressure of 
her hand on the back of my head.  Experimentally, I probe between her soft, 
sweet lips with the tip of my tongue and she meets it with her own.  
Teasingly, she flicks the tip of my tongue with hers and pulls back, 
inviting me deeper.

I follow and again, her tongue greets mine, following it as I explore the 
warm, minty cavity of her mouth.  She briefly twines her tongue around 
mine, before gently crowding it out of her mouth and I feel her tongue 
agilely exploring the interior of my mouth.

Suddenly, I feel her lips tighten and she pulls back grinning.  "I just 
realised," she says, giggling, "that's the first time we kissed properly."

"I guess that is pretty funny." I smile back at her.

"Yeah," she giggles, "I've jerked you off, and sort of sucked your cock and 
you've fingered me and licked my pussy and we've piddled all over each 
other, but this is the first time we've really kissed properly."

"Well, do you like it?" I ask.

"Uh-huh," she replies, "but I want to feel what it's like to fuck now."

"Not so fast," I say, grinning, "you only get one first time, I want this 
to be really special for you.  Now close your eyes and enjoy."

Taking her beautiful elfin face between my hands I press my lips to her 
forehead then gently to each of her eyelids.  She squeaks in surprise as I 
flick the tip of my tongue over eyelid and her eyes snap open. "Keep them 
closed." I gently admonish her as I kiss them closed again.

Her cute little retrousse nose is next and she giggles as I completely 
cover it with my lips and gently nip at the tip.  "Shhh."  I trail kisses 
and tiny little licks over her cheek and lick and nibble around her earlobe 
while she squirms beneath my ministrations.  I follow the line of her jaw, 
working my way around to her other ear with a rapid series of nibbling 
kisses.  Again she squirms as I take her earlobe between my teeth and tug 
gently.  I work my way across her cheek to her slightly parted, moist lips.

She moans in disappointment as I just flick my tongue across her lips and 
abandon them to gently bite her chin.  Next I kiss and nibble her throat 
causing her to throw her head back.  Opening my mouth as wide as I can I 
take her throat in my teeth and feel her entire body shiver convulsively.

Moving my lips to her right shoulder I kiss, and bite along her collar 
bone.  I then press my tongue into the hollow at the base of her throat, 
before moving on to her left shoulder.  As my lips move down her chest she 
arches her back to present her small boobs up for my attention.

Cradling her in my arms like a baby, I turn and carefully lower her to the 
bed.  Kneeling beside her, I suck her entire right breast into my mouth, 
enjoying the feel of her rubbery nipple everting itself under my tongue.  
Leaving a wet trail across the center of her chest I move on to her left 
breast, teasing the nipple erect with a series of rapid flicks of my 
tongue.  I then take it between my teeth and bites down gently.  With a 
quiet moan, she arches her back and presses the surrounding flesh to my 
lips, then moans again as I release it.

I feel her tense as I trace a direct line from the hollow at the base of 
her throat on an arrow straight journey towards her navel.  At the last 
moment I veer aside and she relaxes with a sigh.  A moment later, she folds 
up like a jackknife around my head and emits a muffled shriek, as I plunge 
my tongue into the sensitive pucker positioned in the center of her belly.

From her navel I move to her right hip and trace a line of wet kisses along 
the line of the waistband of her knickers.  I then do the same along the 
legbands, holding her legs together, when she would part them the give me 
access to the cloth encased center of her being.

I leave another trail of nibbling kisses down her legs to her feet, where 
pulling them together I suck both her big toes into my mouth at once, then 
concentrating on one foot I take all of the toes into my mouth and lick 
along the undersides.  I then suck on the toes of the other foot before 
turning her over on to her face.

I firmly grasp her ankle and give a broad flat lick to the sole of her foot  
causing her to squeal into the pillow and try to jerk it from my grip.  The 
other foot receives the same treatment with a similar response.

Back and forth from one leg to the other, I trail licks and kisses up her 
calves to the sensitive backs of her knees.  I lick and she squirms and 
squeaks yet again.  Onwards and upwards I lick and nibble up the backs of 
her thighs centring my attention on the more sensitive inner surfaces.

By the time I reach her cotton encased bottom, she is bucking her hips, 
forcing her mons into the mattress as a heavenly aroma rises from between 
her slim legs.  I trace the line of her knickers, then briefly press my 
lips to the each of the twin globes of her taught buttocks.  She lifts her 
hips for me as I take hold of the waistband of her knickers, then lowers 
them again with a groan, as I release them with just the top of the crease 
at the base of her spine showing.

Lowering my lips into the thus revealed valley, I work my way up her spine, 
pressing my lips to each hard, knobbly vertebra until I reach the base of 
her skull.  Taking the back of her neck between my teeth, causes her to 
shiver in reaction, her face coming clear of the pillow, as she arches her 
head back, moaning deep in her throat.

I loosen the belt of my robe and sit back for just long enough to shrug it 
from my shoulders and let it fall to the bed.  Then before she can move, I 
nuzzle into the side of her neck as I spread it beside her.  As I roll her 
on top of it, I find her lips with mine and part them with my tongue.  
Hungrily, she all but inhales my tongue, sucking on it like it was a small 
and prehensile cock.  Just as hungrily, I explore every square millimetre 
of the interior of her mouth that I can reach before pulling back and 
slipping my thumbs into the waistband of her knickers.

As soon as she feels my hands on her hips, her eyes fly open and she looks 
down.  Noticing my nakedness, she lifts her eyes to meet mine and mouths 
the single word, "Now?"

"Now." I confirm, and she lifts her hips for me.  Slowly I tug her knickers 
lower and lower,  first exposing the top of her pubic mound and a few 
seconds later the start of the crease between her labia.  Millimetre by 
millimetre I unveil her sweet, hairless pussy until, in all its glory, it 
is revealed to me.

Immediately the fabric clears her bottom, she lowers it back to the bed and 
parts her legs slightly.  As I tug her knickers lower, the fabric of the 
gusset stick to the lips of her pussy and when it does pull free, long 
gooey strands of her lubricants join her labia to the fabric.  One by one 
they break, the last persisting until her knickers reach mid thigh.  Like a 
baby she lifts her feet clear of the bed and in a single swift motion, I 
divest Alison of the last of her clothing.

Raising the saturated fabric to my face, I inhale deeply, drawing the 
intoxicating aroma of her arousal deep into my lungs.  Extending my tongue, 
I taste of her sweet juices, before setting the drenched bundle of cloth 
aside, on the night stand.

For a few moments longer, I gaze into her eyes, deeply moved by the look of 
complete and utter trust that I find there.  No longer afraid, she is ready 
for that single, unique act, which signals the beginning, of the end, of 
her girlhood.

Slowly, but without hesitation, she lifts and separates her knees, giving 
me complete access to the most intimate part of her body.  With infinite 
care, I move sideways to kneel between her feet.  Craning her neck, she 
strains to see down between her legs to where my rigidly upstanding cock, 
rises from its nest of wiry dark hair.

I gently push her head back to the pillows and Starting at the top of her 
head, I allow my gaze to fall on her, as I drink in every exquisite detail 
of her body.  Her long silky hair forms a golden corona that frames her 
narrow lightly tanned face.  Her eyes are a clear sky blue, bordered by 
long almost invisible lashes.  In the center of her face, between slightly 
reddened cheeks lies her small, slightly retrousse nose, above barely 
parted, cupid's lips.

I lower my gaze past her strong, slightly defiant chin and long, slender 
neck to the tiny, perfectly hemispherical mounds of her nascent breasts, 
crowed by tiny pea sized nipples.  Just enough fat covers her torso to 
conceal the lines of her ribs.  In the center of her flat belly, my eyes 
find the perfect round dimple of her navel.

Lower still, I reach the swell of her young pubis, the white, untanned 
flesh of which, remains unsullied by all but the finest of peach fuzz.  
Divided into perfectly symmetrical halves by the finest of cracks, it 
frames the stiffly upstanding nubbin of her iridescent little clitoris.  
From it, my gaze traces the deep pink lines of her swollen inner labia to 
the narrow black slit of her vagina.

Her slim hips are just beginning to round and fill out into the lines of 
her emerging womanhood.  Swifter now, I sweep my gaze over the slim well-
toned lines of her firm thighs, past knees slightly scarred by rough and 
tumble activities, to firm, rounded calves, slim ankles and small dainty 
feet.

Her eyes widen a little as I lean forwards to loom over her and the tip of 
my prick brushes against the burning flesh of her swollen vulva.  I gently 
pull one of the pillows from beneath her head, then folding it double, I 
push it beneath the other, easing the strain on her neck.  I then gently 
push one of her legs back towards her chest and guide her hand to hold it 
behind the knee. Getting the idea, she lifts the other leg of her own 
volition and takes hold of it too.

As she gazes down to where my cock hangs above her shining, puffed up 
little pussy, I replace her hand on her right leg with my own, whispering, 
"I'll hold this leg, that hand has another job to do."

For a moment she looks at my quizzically and then her mouth forms a little 
'O' of comprehension as she realises that the moment is upon her, and that 
even now, I am giving her control of the situation.

She reaches down and around her backside and fumbling a little, wraps her 
small fingers around my shaft.  Then taking a deep breath, she watches, 
with eyes as big as saucers, while she angles my rock hard prick down 
towards her waiting pussy.  Following her lead, I lower my hips slightly 
until the bulbous tip of my cock kisses the slick, hot ring of flesh at the 
entrance to her virgin pussy.

When she pushes her hips upwards and tries to force the fat crown of my 
prick into her body, I suggest, "Move it around a little and get everything 
nice and wet first."

Intently gazing at the where the tip of my cock meets her labia, she begins 
dragging the head of my penis back and forth in the oily groove between her 
legs, gasping as it passes over her hypersensitive clit.  I groan at the 
sheer, unadulterated pleasure as I feel the hot rubbery flesh of her 
swollen labia open up around the tip of my cock and coat it with her sweet 
slippery fluids.

I gently start to rock my hip, pushing as she brings the head of my cock up 
to circle the rigid little shaft of her clitoris and again as it passes 
over the center of heat and wetness that marks the entrance to her vagina.  
With each pass over her vagina, I press a little harder, until suddenly her 
labia open up around me and the top half of my swollen glans lodges in the 
tight ring of muscles at the entrance to her vaginal sheath.

My groan of pleasure mingles with her moaning gasp and she stares, wide 
eyed, at the point where our bodies have become one.  Pressing inwards 
experimentally I feel her open up around me until the tight ring of muscle 
closes, with a snapping sensation, behind the flaring crown of my rigid 
member.

Already, with barely the tip of my cock within the sweet tight confines of 
her preteen pussy, I am close to cumming and I hold myself rigidly still as 
I wait for the churning of my balls to subside.  A few seconds later, 
Alison lifts her hips and she moans deep in her throat as another inch of 
my cock slides into the tight, warm embrace of her juvenile pussy.

Carefully, I pull back half of that inch and then push downwards slowly, 
until her hand is caught between her swollen labia and my pubis and nearly 
half of my cock is buried in the warm, wet confines of her body.  The slow, 
piston like plunge of my manhood into her body, seemingly forcing a moan of 
delight from her slightly parted lips.

As I begin to pull back, Alison takes her hand from my shaft and takes hold 
of her leg, allowing me to lower my hand to the bed.  I withdraw until the 
flare of my cock catches at the entrance to her vagina, then reverse my 
direction and push back into her, gaining another fractional inch of 
penetration.

Briefly, I lift a hand from the bed to guide the motions of her pelvis, in 
counterpoint to my thrusts.  She quickly picks up the rhythm, squeaking, as 
she lifts her hips when I push down and dropping them with a moan, as I 
pull back.  Half a minute later, my pubic bone kisses hers, as I push the 
last quarter inch of my shaft into the incredibly hot, tight clasp of her 
velvety vaginal sheath.

"Oh my God, it's in." Alison breathes disbelievingly, gazing raptly at the 
point of juxtaposition.

"How does it feel?" I ask, as I fight down the cum rising in my balls.

"Wonderful." she whispers, "It feels so good I don't want you to take it 
out.  Ever."  She wiggles her hips a little, grinding her pebbly clit 
between our bodies and moans, "Oh wow, that makes my tingle bump feel sooo 
good."

"Noooo, put it back!" she moans as I pull back, slowly and steadily until 
only my glans remains within her.  Followed by a single drawn out hissing, 
"Yesssss!" as I push back into her, not stopping until her clitoris is 
crushed between our pelvis's.  "Again!" she yelps from between clenched 
teeth.

I back out a little faster and plunge back into her body, rotating my hips 
as our bodies come together, crushing her clit between us.  "Oh  Yessss!" 
she squeals, "Fuck me harder!"

Her face becomes a mask of pleasure and her hips jerk up to meet mine, as I 
plunge faster and faster into her receptive preteen body.  Our bodies meet 
with a wet slapping sound, and before long she releases her grip on her 
legs and wraps them around my waist, using the extra leverage to pull me 
into her with greater and greater force.  Her fingers dig, with bruisingly, 
into the muscles of my upper arms and I use the pain as a focus to keep 
myself from cumming too soon.

Each time our bodies meet, she rotates her hips, grinding her engorged clit 
into my pubic mound.  Beyond coherence, she moans and squeals deep in her 
throat, thrashing her head from side to side.  Suddenly, from deep within 
her body, there rises a keen that is purely animal in nature and she goes 
into convulsive spasms beneath me.

Surrounding my deeply embedded cock, her vaginal sheath contracts in 
rippling waves, triggering my own climax.  Jet after searing jet, of my 
white hot seed burns a path through the shaft of my cock, to splash deep 
inside her body, up against the neck of her womb.  Almost crushing her 
beneath me, I press my face into the pillow above her head, muffling her 
howls of pleasure, against my chest, even as I bite into the pillow to 
control mine.

On and on her orgasm continues, the milking action of her vaginal walls 
prolonging mine long past the point where my balls have run dry, leaving my 
prostate convulsing painfully.  Finally her climax ends and my own burning 
contractions are allowed to cease.

Before I crush her totally, I slip my arms beneath her shoulders and the 
back of her legs and hold her to me, as I roll over onto my back.  
Groaning, she tries to lift her head, but she is so spent that it falls 
back with a thump, onto my chest.  Mustering what little strength remains 
to me, I slide my fingers beneath her chin and help her look up into my 
face.

"How did you like your first time?" I ask her with a grin.

"I loved it."  she whispers back, "I felt like I was going to die and I 
didn't even care.  Thankyou."

"ThankYOU!" I whisper back, "Thankyou for sharing one of your most precious 
moments with me.  How do you feel now."

"Fucked!" she replies with a wan smile.

"Yes, you certainly are that." I say, with a quiet laugh.

"I'm too tired to hit you." she giggles, lowering her head back to my 
chest. "So you'll have to imagine I just did."

Some time later I'm woken by Alison shivering in my arms and a burning ache 
in my balls that tells me I have overspent myself.  Carefully, I roll her 
sleeping body off me, my now shrivelled cock pulling free of her freshly 
fucked pussy.  Surprisingly, only a tiny trickle of sperm leaks from her 
vagina, but just in case, I roll her up in my robe, before lifting her to 
my shoulder, while I pull back the bedclothes.  She is so exhausted that 
even when I slip and drop her the last foot to the mattress, she doesn't 
even stir.

A glance at the clock beside her bed, as I pull the sheet and doona up over 
her cocooned body, reveals that it is only ten thirty, but even after 
resting for half an hour or so, I barely have the strength to stagger 
through the house and douse all of the lights but the one in the hall.  
Finally, I stumble into the master bedroom and crawl between the sheets.

Some time later I'm woken by a tiny hand shaking my shoulder.  Blearily, I 
blink my eyes, finally managing to focus, in the dim light from the hall, 
on Ren's little face.  "Greg," she says in a small voice, "I've wet the 
bed.  Can I sleep with you?"

                                    ***


More?  Then write and tell me what you think.

For those of you, who wish to remain anonymous, there are instructions at 
the end of the document.

                                    ***



Afterword:
    In this story there a couple of things that go a bit beyond the pale:

First, there is the little vignette at the start with Sandy.  I'm a little 
ambivalent on that one.  In one sense I find it quite erotic, but in 
another it is a little worrisome to me.

I have often noticed, when changing babies, that they derive much pleasure 
from first being cleaned and then having ointments applied.  Left to 
themselves they will happily play with their genitals for quite some time 
and afterwards it is very easy to put them down for naps.

The worry to me, is that if an adult does assist an infant in exploring 
their own sexuality, they must stop before the child becomes articulate, 
because of the laws of our society.  Leaving the child confused and 
wondering why the games have stopped.

It is an unfortunate reflection on human nature, that such laws are 
necessary.  Putting aside the neuroses brought about by the cultural 
baggage of poorly thought out morals.  It is my belief that the majority of 
parents and carers would welcome something that brought so much pleasure to 
their charges.


Second, is the matter of giving drugs to a minor child.  This is totally 
repugnant to me, but that is how the story wrote itself, so I guess that 
something in my subconscious, felt that it needed to be said.

I write these stories in an almost totally linear fashion, only twice, in 
nearly two megabytes of words, have I had to go back to adjust an earlier 
scene to match a later one.  Even within a scene the words are written as 
they come.  The only editing I do is to clean up my phrasing and grammar.

I'll go on to say, that in my life I have known of two minor children, who 
have been allowed to smoke marijuana by their parents.

The first was the twelve year old son of somebody a friend had taken me to, 
to score from.  He was a violent little shit, who would beat his mother 
senseless if she didn't give it to him and the boy's father was the sort to 
cheer him on.  Needless to say, I never went back there and when a month 
later, I heard the father was in jail and the boy in juvenile detention, I 
cheered.

The second was the child of a neighbour.  They did it, because of 
adulterated drugs that were circulating in the streets at the time.  I 
don't know if their approach was the right one, but I do know that the 
girl, who was becoming something of a rebel, calmed down and her grades at 
school improved markedly.  With the addition of a specific predatory 
individual, this tale has been told in my story.



CONTACTING THE AUTHOR ANONYMOUSLY:

Here are some brief instructions on how to send mail to me anonymously, 
however I like to be able to correspond with my fans, so unless there is a 
pressing reason, please consider giving me an email address.  Consider 
getting yourself a hotmail account or something like it.

At the bottom is a message body that you can use to send your praise or 
flames to me without revealing your identity.

Praise:      I will lap up like the proverbial cat in a dairy.
Criticisms:  I will read until I decide that it's not worth continuing.
Flames:      I will ignore unless very witty. (Don't waste your time.)
Religious
diatribes:   I will treat as flames.

To use it, simply cut and paste the section below into your mail program.
Write what you wish to say and send it to one of the following:

remailer@huge.cajones.com
remailer@replay.com

Make sure that you include the blank line before the '::' or it won't work.

The Cutmarks '~~' are there to ensure that your sig does not get sent.

If you want to learn more about anonymous services then go to:

http://www.cs.berkeley.edu/~raph/remailer-list.html

-------<cut here>-----------------------------------------------

::
Anon-To: clayton@nym.alias.net
Cutmarks: ~~

[Insert your message here]

~~















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....