Copyright © 1997, Carnal Quill.    ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Camp Eden Kids 1
By The Carnal Quill (as Magic Wand)


Sunlight glinted off the young, sun-bronzed bodies as they dashed through the 
trees, escaping the busy recreation areas of Camp Eden to their own private 
hideaway.  Along the way, they passed several naked couples engaged in various 
stages of lovemaking, but gave them a respectfully wide berth as others would 
have for them.  At Camp Eden, sex was accepted as a natural activity for 
people of all ages and privacy was more of a perception than a reality.  If 
people went out of the public areas of the camp, they were considered by 
everyone else to be invisible.

Two of the four trotting children were no strangers to sex.  They had been 
naturists all of their lives, and had engaged in sex play with other kids for 
as long as they could remember.  For twelve-year-old Lars and his thirteen-
year-old friend Bette, sex was one of many fun activities they enjoyed at Camp 
Eden, and they were just as eager to introduce their two new friends to that 
as they had been to the boating and biking they had already done that day.

Thirteen-year-old Rolf and his eleven-year-old sister Ada could be excused if 
their gazes lingered a bit longer than was customary over the intertwined 
couples and groups scattered along their path, for they were both virgins.  
Even though their parents had liberal attitudes about sex, Rolf and Ada just 
hadn’t had the opportunity beyond the usual brother-sister exploratory games 
prior to joining Camp Eden.  Poor Rolf had not been able to remove his 
swimming suit for half the day, until he had gotten used enough to seeing all 
of the naked women and girls for his erection to abate somewhat.  It took 
hours for Lars and Bette to convince him to finally shed his speedos, and 
although he continued to experience spontaneous erections, he was greatly 
relieved that nobody ever seemed to notice.  Ada had at first been awe-struck 
by the hairy, pendulous penises she saw on all of the men and the bare boobs 
bouncing on the women’s chests, but after an hour or so, the girl scarcely 
noticed them.

Ada hadn’t even known what Lars and Bette had meant when they casually offered 
to show her brother and her how to have sex, but after seeing so many people 
hugging each other in various ways while gasping and groaning in pleasure, she 
decided it was something she wanted to try.  Then they passed close by two 
small forms laying in the grass a few meters away, and she couldn’t help 
gaping.  A dark-haired girl about her age was on her back, legs spread, while 
a smaller blond boy laid on top with his bottom jerking back and forth against 
her.  Their eyes were closed, and their sweating faces were beet red.

“Uh! Uh! Uh!”  The little girl gasped as the boy’s pelvis banged into her, 
making strange, wet smacking noises.
“Ohhh!  I’m almost there!”  The little boy panted.
“Oh, unh, yeah, unh, me too!” The girl gasped.
“Oh! Oh!  Here it comes!” The boy blurted and went stiff against her, 
trembling, his little bottom jerking spastically.
“Gah!  Me too! Unh!”  The little girl groaned as her face screwed up and she 
planted her feet into the ground, raising her pelvis against his, and grabbing 
his bottom with both hands.
“Ohhh!  I’m coming!  I’m coming!”  The boy squealed excitedly.
“Me too!  Me too!”  The girl grunted with her bottom in the air, holding the 
boy’s entire weight on top of her.

The two kids, unaware of their presence, continued to pant and moan as they 
passed by.  When Ada looked over at Rolf, she noticed that he was hard again, 
and when she looked up at his face he was looking at her with a big smile and 
shining eyes.  She felt her clitoris start to throb pleasantly as she thought 
about what she had just seen and wondered what the boy and girl had meant when 
they said they were coming, since it appeared to her that they were already 
where they wanted to be.

After a few more minutes, the foursome entered a small, grass-covered clearing 
under a break in the trees.  Lars unfolded the blanket he had been carrying 
and Bette helped him spread it on the ground.  Bette then instructed them to 
sit in a circle on top of it.  They all sat down cross-legged with Lars to 
Bette’s right, Rolf to her left, and Ada opposite her.  They sat quietly as 
they waited for the water jug that Bette had carried with her to be passed 
around.  When they had all taken a drink, Bette looked at Rolf and Ada and 
said, “So, I thought I would pair up with Rolf, and Lars would teach Ada.  
Would that be OK?”

Ada looked over at Lars, whom she had been admiring all day.  She just loved 
his shoulder-length gold hair and the way it curled in toward his neck.  He 
had deep blue eyes and long dark eyelashes, with a wide mouth and full lips.  
And he had the cutest upturned nose she had ever seen on a boy!  
Instinctively, her gaze dropped down his smooth, flat chest to his crotch.  
Just like her, he had no hair there.  She was surprised to see that his penis 
was hard now, the first time she had seen it that way.  It’s beautiful, she 
thought.  It was maybe four inches long and very slender, with a cute little 
nipple at the very tip.  Below it hung his plump little ball sack, about the 
size of an egg.  Her clitty began to throb even harder, and she could feel it 
start to emerge from it’s little hood.  Her breathing and heartbeat quickened, 
and when she looked back up at him, he was staring at her crotch.  She blushed 
immediately, and fought the urge to cover herself with her hands, afraid he 
would find it insufficient compared to Bette’s.

Lars had experienced sex with a number of young girls, but none, he thought, 
as strikingly darling as Ada.  With her straight blonde hair and pale blue 
eyes, she looked like the ideal Alice in Wonderland.  Her eyelashes were thick 
and dark, with dainty little arcs on her brow.  Her nose was finely sculpted, 
and her full red lips stood out starkly against her alabaster skin.  Looking 
downward, he noticed the slightest of swells just beneath her small pink 
nipples.  Her perfectly smooth abdomen swelled near the base into a plump 
little mons that came to a point where her pale, hairless outer lips formed a 
perfect cleft down to her tightly closed vaginal opening.  The lips were 
flushed by her arousal to a dark rose color,  and he could see her smooth, 
pink pea-sized clitoris peeking out of its sheath.  He was glad to see that 
she was so obviously horny, since he was sure that she was a virgin yet, and 
that it might make it easier to receive his penis if she wanted to try it.

Rolf swallowed nervously and looked over to his sister, but her attention was 
fixed on Lars, and by the look on her face he could tell that she would offer 
no objections whatsoever.  “Thank you, Bette,” he said, “I think that would be 
fine.”  Ach, how lame I sound, he thought, I talk as if she’s inviting us to 
lunch.

Hesitantly, Rolf looked up to meet Bette’s eyes, and was almost surprised to 
see them shining with warmth and kindness.  He relaxed immediately and began 
to study her features.  She was a husky girl, with a round face framed by long 
dark hair.  Her eyes were deep brown with soft, short lashes and heavy dark 
brows. Her nose was short and turned upward slightly at the bottom, 
emphasizing her wide mouth and thin pink lips.  Overall, her face was 
attractive if not beautiful.  When he saw her gaze drop down his body, he took 
the opportunity to once again admire her generous breasts with their large 
pink nipples, which seemed to have grown more pronounced in the last few 
minutes.  Finally, he let himself drink in the sight of her sex, with its 
sparse triangle of black hair that pointed down to the swollen-open cleft of 
her vagina, where he could see her marble-sized pink clit poking out from its 
obviously enlarged, dark brown clitoral hood.  Her inner lips had swollen 
outward to become little flaps resembling butterfly wings, and appeared slick 
with wetness.  He felt his cock begin to throb mightily as he drank in the 
sight of her arousal.

Bette was thrilled at the thought of bedding this handsome new boy.  She loved 
it when she got to be their first lay because they always got so excited and 
could usually come several times in a session.  Rolf resembled his sister 
quite closely, with his long blonde hair and black eyebrows and lashes.  His 
nose was long and straight over a smallish mouth with full, pink lips.  He had 
a light layer of peach fuzz growing on his upper lip, and an adorably cleft 
chin.  His chest was flat and firm, with just developing pectorals beneath, 
and his belly was flat and smooth.  He had a narrow band of dark pubic hair at 
the base of his abdomen.  The boy’s skin was very white beneath where his 
speedos had been, but his pubescent boyhood was a little darker.  His erection 
was about the same length as Lars’, but twice as thick.  Unlike Lars, though, 
Rolf’s foreskin pulled back when he was hard so that about half of the shiny 
pale glans peeked out.  He was already lubricating, with a bead of clear fluid 
at the tip, and a layer of it collecting around his foreskin.  His hairless 
scrotum was a deep rosy brown, and had pulled itself tight, bringing his inch-
long nuts up near the base of his stalk.  She watched his cock jerk 
rhythmically with his heartbeat as another bead of fluid appeared, forcing the 
previous one to drip down his glans and over his foreskin.  She knew then that 
she had better hurry or he just might come from excitement alone.

Bette turned so that she was beside Rolf and facing him.  When she looked into 
his eyes, the combination of excitement, lust and fear made her smile with 
anticipation.  A new burst of adrenaline burst through her, and she could feel 
the rush as her heartbeat and breathing quickened in response, followed 
closely by new juices flowing through her vagina and a more intense burning 
sensation in her throbbing clitty.  Quickly, she reached out and took Rolf’s 
hand, placing it on her breast.  She groaned as she crushed it against an 
aching nipple and showed him how to massage it.

“Oh yeah, like this, Rolf.  Squeeze it and move it around like this.  Ahh, 
perfect!”  Bette said as she looked again into his eyes to see nothing but 
wonder and lust.  She brought her lips to his and began kissing him in 
earnest, finally giving in to her own needs.  God, how soft and warm his lips 
were!  She wrapped her arms tightly around him, rubbing her hands up and down 
his spine, letting her fingers massage between his vertebrae.  He responded by 
placing his free hand to her other breast and beginning a similar job on it.  
They began to gasp and groan, fighting to get enough air through their noses 
to supply their excited young bodies.

Bette thrust her tongue deep into Rolf’s mouth, surprising him and causing him 
to pull back for a moment.  But his lust took over, and he eagerly renewed the 
contact, twisting his tongue against hers.  His hands began to grind her tits 
more roughly as his excitement began to overflow.  He loved the feel of her 
hard nipples scratching against his palms, and the firm warmth of her flesh as 
he dug his eager fingers into it.  Suddenly, he felt one of her hands leave 
his back and the other move down to fondle the exposed part of his bottom.  A 
moment later her other hand wrapped around his throbbing hardness and his mind 
blew a fuse.  Sparks danced behind his eyes as he felt his cock become 
enclosed in her warm grip.

“Aaaagh!” Rolf groaned as he felt sperm jetting up his tube.  His mouth left 
hers as he looked down at his traitorous tool.  He had never had it happen 
with so little warning before, and was taken completely by surprise.

Bette also looked down and felt the rod suddenly stiffen and swell, and 
understood that she had caused him to climax prematurely, as inexperienced 
boys were prone to do.  “Come, baby, come hard for me!”  She encouraged him as 
she felt her fingers become wet with his warm juices.  His semen was about 
halfway between clear, like Lars, and white like a man’s.  It didn’t squirt 
with much force, maybe a couple centimeters before falling back down.  Without 
thinking she dove down and planted her mouth on the exposed, spurting glans, 
gulping hungrily at the boy’s generous offering of thin, salty come juice.

“Oh, yeah!  Oh YEAH!”  Rolf yelled as he felt the warm mouth engulf his 
shooting young cock.  His hips began to buck frantically as his glands fought 
to empty themselves into her sweet mouth.  Feeling his lust diminishing and 
wanting a last thrill, he quickly groped for her cunt, which she exposed 
willingly by bringing one knee high into the air.  Immediately, he felt the 
warm wetness against his palm and began to move it in a circular motion as she 
pressed it hard against him.

Bette moaned as she milked the sperm from his cock with her hand while holding 
the head firmly in her mouth.  She licked and lapped at the slimy, mushroom-
shaped glans as it continued to ooze his delicious juice, swallowing the 
virgin cream hungrily.  She ground her hot, wet meat against his hand as she 
drank the final offerings from his softening young prick.

Lars had put an arm around Ada and pulled her close as she had unashamedly 
watched Bette and her brother begin to have sex.  She snuggled comfortably 
against the cute boy’s side as she watched her brother begin to play with 
Betty’s tits.  When Lars put his hands over her nipples, she just gave a 
little sigh and leaned harder against him while she straightened out her legs 
and opened them wide to air out her hot little cunny.  Lars began to gently 
rub the little buds between his fingers and felt them immediately begin to 
stiffen in arousal.  Unconsciously, rapt in the display of the other two kids, 
Ada put a hand between her legs and began to rub her clitty.

Lars continued to rub Ada’s nipples as he watched her frig herself.  After a 
minute to see how she did it, he leaned down and whispered in her ear.  “Can I 
do that for you, Ada?” he asked as his right hand began to slide down her 
chest and tummy.  Ada just sighed and opened her legs even wider as her hand 
left her little flower and began to rub the nipple that he had vacated.  Lars 
spent a moment caressing her soft, smooth mons before splitting his fingers 
and sliding them down her outer lips.  They were swollen and widely spread, so 
all of her inner meat was completely exposed, from the pink clitoral sheath, 
to the softly folded inner lips guarding the entrance to virgin canal.  She 
jumped and gasped as his middle finger touched her swollen clitty sheath, but 
settled back quickly as the pleasure shot through her little body.

Lars rubbed the hood around on her little button very slowly at first until 
she grew used to his touch, and then sped up until he thought he was at the 
speed she had been using on herself.  The other two children were grunting and 
groaning excitedly as their tongues danced in each other’s mouths.  Lars 
noticed the moisture building up on Rolf’s handsome cock, and knew from 
personal experience that the other boy was already nearing the brink.  Bette 
was a talented girl, he knew.  She had once tried to see how fast she could 
bring him from soft to orgasm with her mouth, and had done it in 17 seconds 
flat.  Of course she had cheated a little by thrusting her sopping pussy in 
his face.

“Oh.  Oh.  Oh.”  The little girl in his arms was whimpering softly as her 
pelvis began to jerk with pleasure.  He noticed with delight that her inner 
folds had now parted a little, releasing a little dew drop of girl juice.

Rolf gave a yelp as his cock squirted a little jet of sperm.  Ada moaned 
through her haze of pleasure, “Oooh, he’s peeing.”

Lars smiled at the girl’s innocence.  “He’s not peeing, sweetie, he’s coming.  
That’s sperm coming out, not pee, and it feels really good to a boy.”

Suddenly, Ada knew what the little boy had meant when he said he was coming.  
He must have been sperming like Rolf.  “Can, unh, girls come, oh, too?”  She 
asked trying to place the last piece of the puzzle together through the 
intense pleasure Lars was treating her to.

“Sure, Ada.  Have you ever done this until you feel really, really good and 
then your cunny starts to squeeze a lot and you get really wet?”

“Uh hunh.  Eew!  She’s, unh, putting it, oh, in her, unh, mouth!”  Ada was 
going crazy with pleasure and curiosity.  She felt her cunny walls contract 
and release more juice into her canal.

“A lot of girls think it tastes good, especially Bette,”  Lars explained as he 
began to increase the speed of his finger on her clitty.

“Unh!  Unh!  Oh, god!  Oh, god!”  Ada started to pant as her body began to 
gyrate against his hand.

“Are you about to come, Ada?”  Lars asked her, using the new term for her.  
“That’s it, honey, come hard.  Come real hard in my hand,” the boy continued 
whispering in her ear.

“Unh! Lars, Oh! Oh, Lars, do it, unh, do it faster! Oh!”  Ada whimpered as she 
bucked and heaved against him.

“That’s it, Ada,” Lars encouraged her, “Oooo, I can feel your hot come juice 
all over my hand.  You’re really wet and hot, Ada!”

“My, unh, my squeezes, unh, unh, are, ah, unh coooommmmiiiinnnng!”  Ada 
yelled, completely out of control.

Lars noticed her inner lips finally part, emitting a steady trickle of juices 
to run down her bottom and exposing a small amount of bright pink pussy meat.  
With his other hand he quickly placed a finger at the opening and pushed.

Ada felt the fingertip at the entrance to her wet little canal and was 
consumed by the most powerful orgasm of her young life.  As Lars continued to 
frig her overstimulated clitty, her vaginal sphincter began to convulse around 
his fingertip.  Every time it relaxed, he tried to drive it a little deeper.  
The girl was going crazy in his arms as she stiffened and lifted her little 
bottom off the blanket to try and drive the tantalizing finger farther into 
her spasming cunny.  She had never felt anything in there before and couldn’t 
believe the pleasure it brought.

“Eeeeaaah! Aaaah! Ah! Unh! Unh! Oh god, unh,oh, oh, oh god!”  Ada screamed as 
she wriggled her bottom in the air, grasping the finger tightly in her cunt.  
Suddenly, Lars’ finger found her cherry and was stopped from going further.  
As the tight cunt contracted fiercely around it, Lars tried to withdraw a 
little to avoid breaking it before she was ready.  But Ada would have no part 
of it, her newly opened cunt now had to be filled and she drove it further 
onto him.  With a snap, the thin hymen gave way, and Lars’ finger slid deeply 
into the tight, wet, gripping little cunt.

“Aaaaaaaaah!”  Ada screamed as she felt the sudden pain of her violated hymen, 
and then she screamed again as the pain quickly gave way to an even more 
powerful orgasm.  She wailed and bucked and heaved while poor Lars sat with 
his finger all the way inside her, its circulation nearly cut off by the 
powerful clenching of her cunt walls.  He barely kept from shooting off, 
himself, as the feeling of her hot, tight, wet cunny transferred itself to his 
prick while it was banged between their two bodies.

Finally, Ada relaxed, exhausted, and Lars was able to slowly withdraw his 
finger from her vagina.  It was coated with her juices and maiden blood, which 
he quickly wiped off beneath the blanket.  Both of the other two kids were 
staring at them now, Rolf’s eyes wide with alarm at the sight of blood oozing 
from his sister’s crack.  Bette understood immediately, of course, and 
explained to him that Ada wasn’t hurt while Lars carefully wiped Ada’s pussy 
with a corner of the blanket.  Ada didn’t seem to be in any pain, however.  
Far from it, she was spread-eagled on the blanket, breathing heavily, eyes 
closed, with a contented smile on her face.

Lars, however was fit to be tied.  His cock and balls ached from his intense 
arousal, and he needed relief fast.  He looked over at Bette to find her 
looking at him, and then they were in each other’s arms.  Lars’ aching need 
didn’t have anything on Bette’s, and the bigger girl immediately threw him 
back to the blanket and mounted him, leaning forward with arms extended so her 
boobs swung in little Lars’ face.

Bette crushed her dripping cunt against the prone boy’s hard little cock, 
rubbing it swiftly along her crevice, scraping her engorged clit along it 
until it burned.  A spasm racked her cunt as the swollen tissues purged 
themselves of more hot girl juice.  She felt it gush down her cunt and onto 
the boy’s stiff cocklet and full, plump scrotum.

Lars felt the warm juices bathe his meat and gritted his teeth to keep from 
adding his own.  But it was no use, images of beautiful little Ada writhing on 
his finger, the tight, hot meat crushing it was too much for the boy, and he 
knew when he was lost.

“Oh, Bette, you’d better hurry!  Unnnh!  I’m gonna come!”

Bette was on the brink herself, and with an expert move, backed onto the 
jerking head of his beautiful little cock.  The slender rod sunk into her 
immediately as he lifted his hips to meet hers.  As his cock scraped along her 
slick walls, the tender foreskin was stripped back to expose his wet, rosy 
glans.  Her hot juices coated it as her cunt caressed it and gently enfolded 
it.  It retreated briefly from it’s deep penetration, hiding back within its 
long foreskin, allowing more warm juices to flow out onto his writhing little 
pubescent balls.  Then back it came, exposing itself once more, it’s thin 
stalk barely long enough to allow the tip to kiss her cervix as the two young 
bodies strained against each other.  Then, at it’s deepest penetration, the 
hole in the tip opened to emit a thin stream of clear boy juice that shot 
straight upward to splash into her Pill-protected uterus.

As the warm boy cum bathed her womb, Bette’s cunt gave a mighty surge, the 
strong muscle at the opening closed to entrap the spurting wand and the walls 
enclosing it began a furious massage of the boy tool.  The sparse, short hairs 
of her outer lips scraped wonderfully against the bald skin of the younger 
child as they crushed together.  Trapped, and held tightly in position by her 
muscular cunt, Lars’ dick continued to fire streams of hot, nearly spermless 
young gism deep into her womb.

“Unh, aah, ohh!”  The kids groaned as their young bodies performed their 
instinctive functions, reveling in the gift of pleasure that it brought.  
Soon, the spurts from Lars’ pricklet weakened to a gentle flow as his immature 
glands emptied.  As the last beads of his precious boy juice left his glans, 
it retreated back into it’s protective sheath and the two children collapsed, 
still joined, momentarily satisfied.











--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....