Archive-name: Bondage/cesura.txt
Archive-author: Averti
Archive-title: How I Bound Me in the Closet and Slurped a Vampire


Cesura's Story

The following is the sixth (!) in the summer 1991 series of sex
and bondage stories about my arch-domina Toby and the people
whose lives swirl around hers...This story portrays self-bondage,
bisexuality (well, just lesbianism, I guess), oral sex, jackin'
and jillin', and a guest whom I hope you will find as we found
her to be; neither better nor worse, but definitely different.

I know I promised that the next few stories would have more het
intercourse in them; well, I'm trying. At least this one's got
_belts_ in it.

How I Bound Me in the Closet and Slurped a Vampire -- by averti
****************************************************

One afternoon last year I was fixing Toby's intrusion alarm. Toby, my 
fantastic free-lance domina, had been hanging around and kibitzing, and 
apparently finally got bored with all the wiring and testing and nonsense.
``I'm going out'' she said. ``Be back around eight.''

``What about my reward for fixing your alarm?`'' I teased.

Toby grinned evilly. ``If I come back and find you tied up in the closet
bound hand and foot so you can't wiggle more than the odd finger--I'll give 
you a _double_ reward.''

I licked my lips. ``Something ultimately involving the expression of semen?''

``All over the walls and ceiling, if you can manage it. Ta ta...''

She left, with an extra wiggle of her bottom. I bit my soldering iron.

Tied up in the closet, eh? I had sure 'nuff copious experience at tying other 
people up; I had tied myself up partially more than once. But I had never tied 
myself up completely, for several not-very-complex reasons. If I was by myself
I needed one hand free for the actual sex bit (not able to whack off by 
rubbing my unit against a chair leg, like some lower animal; a college 
graduate, requiring hand-to-penis coordination.)

Went to bathroom, prepared for several hours until next comfort call.  Brushed 
teeth. Popped decongestant (hey, it's _dusty_ in a closet, even Toby's closet).

In said closet, Toby kept belts, straps, ropes, cuffs, gyres, gimbals, and the 
elusive wabe. Not having a plan (let alone a clue) I took off my clothes and 
started binding, feet up. 

A belt around the ankles. A belt around the calves. A belt just below the 
knees, alive alive-o. A belt between the legs and around the three 
aforementioned, taking up any slack.

A belt just above the knees. A belt around the hips, just below the crotch. 
Began to feel pretty good now. A belt around the lower pelvis, just above the 
genitals. A nice wide belt around the waist.  How does the average householder 
get along without 4 or 5 dozen belts?

A small strap around the hip and pelvis belts, on each side, drawing the two 
horizontal belts together and framing the apparatus. Would have liked to tie 
the fun bits up too, but not a safe idea for an immobilized person alone in a 
closet in an empty house. Looking for fun, not gangrene or ruptured dick 
veins...

Couple more belts around the abdomen and lower chest. These belts had
handy-dandy D rings. While arms and hands still free, grabbed blindfold
and slipped it on. Not requested, but enjoyable.

Loosely slipped belts around upper arms and above elbows. Pulled half-tight.
Hoped it all worked. Slipped belts over forarms and wrists. Pulled another belt
through D rings of abdomen belt, and then around wrists. Alternatively
pulled this last belt and arm and wrist belts tighter. Last bit of slack
taken in by extreme contortion of right hand.

I was now truly bound. Legs squeezed together, arms and wrists pulled
together, wrists and hands immobilized at D rings near waist. Could
I get free? I _could_, if I really applied myself. But I felt pretty
righteously restrained.

I lay in the nice dark closet and meditated. Thought about how simultaneously
powerless and powerful I felt. Dreamed about Toby, her curvy smile, her
long, strong arms and legs, her flashing eyes, her shiny red fingernails
drawing racing stripes on my skin...after a while, I got into honest trance 
state; my erection went away, my respiration dropped down to next to nothing, 
I could see through my eyelids and up into the cloudless sky...

Fell asleep, is what I did. How romantic. Toby came in along about the time 
she promised, called out to me. I didn't answer. Heard some whispering and 
giggling (six foot tall women who giggle are CUTE!). The closet door opened. I 
could see the light through the blindfold. More than one woman laughing.

``Well, well'' Toby said. ``Look what crawled in the closet to hibernate for 
the winter.'' Hands reached in and gently pulled me out into the room. Lifted 
me upright, easily. Damn, she's strong! Propped me along the couch.

``You're a good boy'' Toby continued. Somebody--somebody _else_--licked my 
nipple. Wow!

``Who's here?'' I said in what I intended to be a calm voice.

A big, smooth hand trailed down the side of my face and across my chest. Toby. 
Hands like a pro basketball player. A small, hot hand traced up my thigh and 
wriggled past my scrotum and kind of rooted around between my legs.

``Eloise? Is that you?'' I asked. To Eloise, the anus is the seat of the human 
personality (minor pun intended); that was a fairly safe guess. I didn't know 
that I wanted Eloise playing around with me while I was helpless; might find 
myself sleeping on my stomach for two weeks while my bottom recuperated from 
whatever insane tortures the little Anal Angel could think up. But I wasn't 
ready to force the issue yet.

And then yet another hand, skinny, bony, hot and dry, traced down over the 
blindfold, down my face, put a finger in my mouth, slid the finger out, worked 
on down my front until the hand reached the head of my once-again ready for 
prime time penis. The hand tickled around the top of my cock. I twitched. I 
didn't know that hand! ``Who the hell is that?'' I demanded.

Toby whipped off the blindfold. The light overloaded my eyes. At first all I 
could see was Toby's earsplitting grin and Eloise's long straight hair and 
huge nerd glasses. Then I looked down. Some sort of vampire or ghoul had ahold 
of my cock and was about to put it into its mouth! ``Yaaaa!'' I screamed. The 
thing looked up.

My blood ran cold (and out of my cock, in record time). The thing had 
chalk-white skin, a long, narrow face, _red_ eyes, and pure white, spun-glass 
hair. It was dressed in some kind of shroudlike costume made of velvet and 
lace, and when it smiled at me, it disclosed red gums and shiny, white, 
slightly pointed teeth. Teeth that I had no trouble envisioning tapping into 
my unit and draining me like a savings and loan.

Toby slapped me lightly upside the head. ``Be polite! This is Cesura. She's a 
guest. You know what that means.''

I strained against the belts. ``Yeah. She must be tired...it's a long flight 
from Transylvania.''

Toby glared at me. Eloise again tried to get at my asshole. It was like a 
sexual version of the Addams family.

Cesura said, in a deep, fluty voice,`` That's all right. I'm used to it. I'm 
an albino, my man. That's all. The skin, the eyes, the hair, the nocturnal 
lifestyle...just part and parcel of albinism.''

In spite of my alarm, I laughed inwardly. The vampire had a pronounced Texas 
accent!

I felt bad. ``I'm sorry. I'm not usually this rude. Of course, I'm usually not 
naked and tied up in a closet when I meet somebody new.''

Eloise snickered. ``That's how Toby got her to come over here. Bet her that 
she had a naked man tied up in the closet. Improbable bet unless you know 
Toby.''

I looked at Cesura. Actually, once I got over my fright, she was looking more 
and more interesting. There was something unearthly and superhuman about that 
white skin and and those red eyes. I looked at the pink linings of her eyes 
and the pointed pink tongue that she ran across her lips and wondered what 
other artistic combinations of pink and white one might find beneath that 
fancy dress...

***

Time passed. Toby placed me flat on the floor, along the length of the couch 
like a big bear rug, and the three women snacked on cheese and fruit and
wine while digging their bare toes into my hide and belts. I got lots of 
little treats, fed to me from hands or from lips. I was having about as fine a 
time as I had ever had in a fully bound condition.

Eloise tried to give me a foot job (my cock was by now pretty much six degrees 
past ready) but she wasn't very good at it. With Toby's permission Eloise 
rolled me over and went to work on the part that she was really a specialist 
in. Had a peeled, buttered carrot slid up into your ass lately? At least she 
warmed it first.

At the end of the simple meal, Toby proposed a toast to me, Starr the 
Belt-man. The three women raised their glasses and saluted me in a mocking, 
good-natured sort of way.

Shortly thereafter I was sprung from my bonds. Of course, I could hardly move.
The women ran a hot bath and pampered me lavishly, massaging my muscles and 
soothing my belt burns. All three women disrobed to help bathe me. The 
newcomer Cesura was obviously used to the effect that her naked body had on 
new acquaintances. She was tall, almost as tall as Toby, with long, slender 
arms and legs that probably looked more fragile that they were due to her 
white, translucent skin. Her breasts were small and high, widely separated on 
her chest, with large oval nipples of the palest pinkish hue. I could see a 
delicate tracery of bluish veins under the skin of her breasts and in other
places where the skin was soft or thin. This was not off-putting; in fact, it 
made Cesura resemble some fantasy demonness from a Russian fairy tale. Her body 
was nearly hairless except for a silky patch of pure white down above her sex.
As with white-skinned blondes I have known, her pussy, at rest, was 
``reticent'' like that of a child; no labia visibly protruding, just a smooth 
seam in the flesh, surrounded by two guardian strips of flesh and muscle.

***

After my bath, rubbed down with fluffy towels until my skin gleamed,
I was led back into the living room by my three erotic captors.
They told me to sit once again on the floor in front of the futon,
and I complied.

I asked Cesura, ``Now that you know better than to bet with Toby, what's your 
forfeit for this evening's bet?''

Cesura smiled slyly. Damn, what a unique-looking human being! ``Oh, I have to 
jill off in front of everybody. I gather that's standard around here...'' 
which came out as ``aroun' hyar...''. The mismatch between her appearance and 
her voice was making me crazy!

Cesura was obviously a little uncomfortable with the notion. Toby tends
to attract people who are highly passionate but also highly secretive (like, 
for example, myself). It's often extremely hard for such people to do things 
such as have sex or even get naked in front of others, let alone masturbate. 
Self-love has passed from the status of a sin and/or a perversion to 
quasi-respectability, but still remains intensely private for most people, 
even confirmed exhibitionists. In our male-dominated Western society, the 
majority of the people (when they consider it at all) consider self-sex as 
being immature, sordid, and something that no fully-adult person would ever 
resort to if there were an opportunity for het genital sex.

Toby smiled. ``And so you will jill off in front of `everybody,' Cesura, and 
everybody will jill off with you. All except the closet king here''--pointing 
at me--``who is going to be retied so we can watch him go crazy watching us.''

I faked a groan. ``Okay, but bind me in different places. I'm little more than 
a mass of belt bruises as it is.'' And so Toby and Eloise tied me up again, in 
a fairly comfortable position, sneaking the occasional pinch or stroke of my 
cock as they did so. I was hoping I would actually have an orgasm _sometime_ 
before dawn. But I was emotionally getting off profoundly at being bound up and 
dominated by two of my closest femfriends while being watched by the extremely 
strange new friend. 

Cesura's body, white on white with accents of pink, now reminded me of 
paintings by Klimt and Schiele of turn-of-the-century expressionistic sex 
vampires in opulent settings...Cesura lounged on one end of the futon, 
spreading her long legs and running her hands up and down her smooth white 
body. ``I imagine ya'll can guess that I spent a lot of time fretting about 
how ugly I was, as a kid'' she said. She looked down at her body, trapped a
palepink nipple in her fingers, and gently tugged and twisted it. ``My brother 
and me were the only albinos anywhere around, and the other kids were pretty 
rough on us. Plus, my health wasn't all that robust--it tends not to be. I 
didn't start men'strating til I was 16.''

``You look plenty healthy now'' Toby said. ``Unique, but healthy.''

``Oh, I am. There's all sorts of maintenance drugs now that didn't use to be. 
Albinism is a condition, not a disease. It's just that albinos are more 
susceptible to certain problems. For instance, we live a lot of our lives at 
night partly because what would be an annoying sunburn to you might be fatal 
to me.''

``Oh, _that's_ why no bikini lines'' I joked.

``You shut up'' said Eloise. ``Shut up and watch.'' She sat down next to 
Cesura and spread her slim little legs wide in the air. She cupped her 
buttocks in her hands and spread her behind so that her round pink anus came 
into full view. ``See this?'' she asked mockingly.

``Yes, Eloise, I see.''

``Like what you see?''

``Every time...''

``Well, you can't have any, smart guy'' Eloise said, with fake toughness.
``This asshole is mine and mine alone, to play with. So watch, and eat your 
heart out...''

Charming. Well, Eloise feels about her asshole like Timmy must have felt about 
Lassie; indispensible constant companion and faithful comrade. She tickled 
circles around it with her fingers; she rubbed it, softly, then briskly; she 
stretched the flesh on either side, giving herself a long, oval asshole. Toby 
looked on with amusement; she had seen it all before. Cesura sat there with 
her mouth open, one pale hand still absently twiddling her nipple.

After a few minutes of all this rubbing and massaging, Eloise, her legs still 
stuck up in the air in a V-shape, dragged a finger through her snatch and held 
it out to Cesura. ``How about _that_?'' Eloise gloated. ``Wet enough to do 
almost anything.''

Cesura looked at the pussy-juiced finger and grinned. ``Ah'm gonna have to 
re-think this whole asshole business'' she said.

Eloise nodded. ``Sometimes I can come just by playing with it, without even 
having to touch my clit.''

Toby nodded. ``It's true. She's in all the record books.''

Eloise leered at Cesura. ``Now you get to show us what you're good at.''

***How I Bound Me in the Closet and Slurped a Vampire -- Part 2

Eloise nodded. ``Sometimes I can come just by playing with it, without even 
having to touch my clit.''

Toby nodded. ``It's true. She's in all the record books.''

Eloise leered at Cesura. ``Now you get to show us what you're good at.''

Cesura smiled. She further spread her lean thighs and began to caress her 
vulva with both hands. She rolled her pink-rimmed eyes upward and bit her slim 
lower lip as her fingers found a good place. ``Take a look at this,'' she 
said, catching each labium majora between thumb and forefinger and making a 
butterfly. ``Ever run across see-through pussy before?''

It was true. I leaned forward, as best I could, and took a close look between 
Cesura's thighs. Each flap of skin, pulled and stretched to maximum thinness, 
showed a delicate tracery of veins, and, at the right angle, a translucency 
that allowed backlight vaguely to show through.

``Amazing'' breathed Toby. She looked down at her own meaty, dark red labia 
and grinned at the contrast. ``What other albino special stuff have you got?''

Cesura let go of her pussy flaps and began rubbing at the top of her vulva 
with a fair amount of vigor. Eloise had two fingers in the portal of her 
asshole by now and was frigging her little clit with the other hand as she 
stared at Cesura. Cesura let out a little groan and said ``Just about ready 
now...Ah know lots of people talk about the `pearl,' but ah'm one of the few 
that really have one.'' She spread the top of her vulva with the fingers of 
one hand, and, with the other hand, worked her labia minora/clithood until her 
clitoris first peeked out, and then slid down to a fully exposed position.

``Oh my GHOD!'' said Eloise, with a trace of jealousy. ``Don't let Starr too 
close to that clit, you'll have to take him back home with you.'' It truly was 
a remarkable and remarkably beautiful organ, a pure pearlescent white without 
the slightest hint of a pinkish or conventional flesh-tone shade. It seemed to 
be not only erect and hard, but polished, floating in the top of Cesura's 
vulva like buried treasure.

``We've gotta see you masturbate that beautiful pearl, and right now!''
Toby said, stroking shamelessly in and around her own center.

``Ya'll sure are _wierd_'' Cesura drawled. ``But a lotta fun...'' Cesura 
slumped back onto the futon and temporarily relaxed the hand that was holding 
her clithood back. The pearl receded from view, but we all knew that it would 
not have been possible or comfortable for Cesura to leave it exposed. We 
wanted the pale visitor to make love to herself in her own best way (although 
all three of us swore separate inner vows to get up-close-and-personal with 
that clitty before the night was through!).

***

Cesura played with herself for several minutes, rubbing, stroking, pressing, 
pulling. She stuck her slim ankles behind her head at one point, displaying a 
pink anus that was of equal beauty to her other secrets. Eloise practically 
lost all control at that point. I think she scared Cesura a little; Eloise 
asked the pale visitor if she could rim her, and Cesura gently declined, 
saying that Eloise's tongue on her ass would likely distract her rather than 
enhance her masturbation. Eloise took this refusal in good grace, but continued
to gaze fixedly at Cesura's asshole as long as it was visible.

Parts of this were funny, and the rest was hot! I remained on the floor, 
looking from one woman to the next, happy as could be.

By and by Cesura approached her climax. She was making lots of thin, slippery 
pussy lube, and her routine was to dip her fingers down to her vagina and 
transfer some of this wet to her partially exposed clitoris, then rub the love 
nub with a familiar circular stroke. She was a silent wanker; no groaning or 
moaning, just heavy fast breathing. Just before Cesura went over the top, she 
opened her eyes very wide. Peering into those unearthly red eyes made me even
hornier than before. Cesura's climax seemed to travel in waves up and down the 
center of her body, tightening and relaxing her thighs, buttocks, and pelvic 
muscles. She sighed through clenched teeth as she came, and didn't stop 
fingering her beautiful pearl the whole time. Eloise, following closely along, 
gazed near-sightedly at Cesura and managed her own, ass-probing come. Toby I 
could see was lightly caressing herself but appeared to want to save the heavy
business for later. She wasn't trying to come, just keeping the pot at a simmer.

***

The three women sat on the futon across from me, naked, legs spread, and 
continued touching each other and themselves. Eloise curled around the longer, 
slimmer Cesura and they joined their mouths in an extended deep kiss. Toby, 
who doesn't usually kiss or stroke anybody else, beamed at the other two and 
lazily fingered her smooth skin. I slumped in my tied position and feasted my 
eyes on my bisexual cronies. My cock had been so hard for so long that copious 
streams of pre-cum were leaking out and dripping down to stain the binding 
leather. I could feel my pulse beating somewhere in my groin.

It seemed like only a few minutes before Eloise slid off the couch, knelt, and 
went down on Cesura. I caught the dull gleam of safe-sex equipment before 
Eloise's tiny mouth burrowed between Cesura's long, pale thighs. Good for
you, Eloise, I thought. The albino goddess mewed and sighed and tugged at her 
own nipples with her long, white, red-nailed fingers.

Eloise easily licked Cesura to another climax; it seemed to take next to no 
time. Eloise attacked Cesura's entire vulva through the thin barrier of the 
safe sex dam, while holding two handfuls of the pale woman's outer lips and 
pubic mound in a tight grip. Cesura's red eyes rolled up in her head and her 
long, pale pink, pointed tongue came out to lasciviously lick her thin lips.

***

After what seemed like a very short rest, the three women whispered together, 
sneaking glances at my miserable belted-up prone form as they conferred.
Cesura sidled over to me and licked my face with her long, pointed, pale pink 
tongue. ``Tell me, Belt-man, do you lick pussy on the first date?''

I gulped. ``Yes ma'am. Every opportunity I get.''

Cesura slithered back on her knees, spread her thighs, opened her labia majora 
with one hand, and teased around the opening of her vagina with the other. 
``Would you like to lick this one?'' she breathed. ``It's all sloshy from my 
last orgasm but there's plenty more where that came from.''

Sloshy! I loved that! ``Er, please may I? And please may I be at least
partially untied?''

``Ya'll have to ask Toby about that--she's the boss.''

Don't I know it! ``Please, Toby, may I be untied so I can please our guest?''

Toby looked up from the contemplation of her own nipples, which she was 
tickling with a large feather. ``Be untied so you can get your nasty old rocks 
off, don't you mean?'' She glared at me with mock severity.

``Well, yeah, that too...''

Toby instructed Eloise to set me free. I sat on the floor, naked, rubbing 
dozens of belt-welts, my dripping penis hanging out in front of me in a manner 
that must have been more amusing than arousing.

Cesura arranged her long self on the side of the futon, legs apart and 
dangling over the edge. I crawled over and reverently parted her damp pussy 
lips. Eloise sidled up with the micron-thin safe sex barrier. ``I'm going to 
hold this in place so you don't have to worry about it'' Eloise explained, 
with a grin.``And also play with the parts you aren't attacking.'' She reached 
over with her other hand and pressed down on Cesura's clithood, not hard but 
steadily, until the pale woman's love bud first peeked out, then slid free. It
was again achingly beautiful. Is there a color whiter than white? Cesura 
groaned like a pinned wrestler. ``Aw'' cooed Eloise. ``Does that tickle?'' She 
took her tiny thumb and forefinger and -pinched- Cesura's naked clit, rather 
hard, I thought. Cesura groaned a LOT louder at that, and her entire pelvic 
area seemed to snap-contract.

Eloise looked over at me, baby face a perfect picture of glee and lust. ``You 
better start eating, Belt-man, before I wear this spook out with a couple more 
of _these_'', and she pinched again. Cesura's red-rimmed eyes were squeezed 
shut and her pearly teeth gleamed in a snarl as she appeared to hang suspended 
by her clitoris from Eloise's fell grasp.

``Eloise, you are stone GREEDY'' I muttered, bending to graze between Cesura's 
legs.  I felt reasonably safe in licking Cesura's pubic patch above the
transparent dam, so I did, long, slurpy, doggy licks that plastered down fine 
angel hair down onto her mons and made her hum like a prairie power line. I 
did this for a while during which Eloise played with Cesura's clit 
outrageously, practically doing everything but unscrewing it with her small, 
pointed fingers. The intensity of this play almost made me nervous except that 
it also made me _very_ horny. I wouldn't treat a clitoris that way, but then 
I'm not a woman, so all my clit data is second-hand. Besides, everybody says 
I'm sappy over clitori anyway. Well, everybody has a favorite thing of some 
kind; mine just happens to be the only body organ that exists for the purpose of
pleasure alone. So sue me.

I licked the visitor's pussy as best I could given the safe sex barrier. I 
enjoyed the sensation of my tongue sliding up and down Cesura's pale pink 
inner surfaces, and really enjoyed looking at her exotic privates as I came up 
for air. However I really think that it was Eloise's relentless clitplay that 
brought Cesura to her third orgasm. Eloise kept the clit unhooded with one 
hand while stroking, rubbing, poking, and (it seemed like) scratching at the
magical little organ with the fingers of the other hand. (I made a mental note 
that, the next time I topped Eloise, I would try out some of this agressive 
clitplay on HER; since it's often the case that people do sexually unto others 
as they themselves would like to be done.)

***

Finally Cesura stretched like a summer sable and made a satisfied Texan kind 
of noise. ``Lord, ah'm all sexed out!'' she drawled lazily. She looked down at 
me. ``This poor gentlemen hasn't come yet'' she said, reaching down and 
running her long fingernails up and down my reddened shaft.

Eloise looked up. ``Oh, he doesn't need any special treatment. Starr, jerk off 
for the lady, and then you can go out and clean up the kitchen.''

Very droll, Eloise. Your time is coming.

Cesura flung up her hands in mock distaste. ``Oh, no, I don't want him to 
masturbate! He's worked hard all evening, he deserves a treat.''

``But, he likes to masturbate.''

``Yeah, I _like_ to masturbate'' I muttered.

``But wouldn't you like to take advantage of the situation and have a nice 
Texas albino blowjob?'' Cesura asked, swiping her long pink tongue all around 
her thin, erotic lips.

``Yes, but...''

Toby interjected ``Starr doesn't usually come from a BJ when he's got a condom 
on--even the condoms _we_ buy, the lightest, strongest made-- and if he's 
getting a BJ, he's doing it safe.''

``No reflection on you, lovely Cesura'' I said. ``But the Tobe is right.''

``Well, shoot! Ah'm an old fashioned gal, and I like to cause a penis salvo 
SOMEWHERE during the evening.'' Cesura looked around the litter of sexual 
accessories and equipment and came up with fresh plastic gloves and a tube of 
Astroglide. She pulled the gloves on over her bony fingers and gave me a sly, 
red-eyed smile. ``It's a first-class hand job for you, Belt-man, whether you 
like it or not!''

Of course, I hated the idea. 

Cesura squirted a goodly dollop of goo into her gloved hands and began lightly 
carressing my rigid cock. This was the point at which all the earlier being 
tied up came together, for me; I was just a mass of belt-welts with an aching 
penis protruding from it.

Cesura's touch was subtle but firm. She stroked and slid and swirled with one 
or both hands, looking at her work every now and then, but mostly looking into 
my eyes, which I found to be additionally exciting. Eloise scooted over and 
leaned up alongside me, sticking her tongue in my ear, playing with my 
nipples, and whispering remarkably (for Eloise) soft and romantic nothings 
into my ear.

My eyes searched for my Toby. She was draped over the futon, her breasts 
shelved on the cushions, her behind toward us. She was looking over her 
shoulder at us, one large hand dabbling between her spread legs. The view of 
the beauty that flourished between my lovely domina's legs almost made me come 
right then and there. ``Do it with us, Toby'' I said. ``Come when I come, my 
love.''

Toby made a hot smile that turned into a brow-wrinkling sexual grimace. I knew 
she was right in tune with me.

Cesura had definitely masturbated a man before. She precisely gauged by my 
breathing and body tension where I was at on my journey, started speeding up 
at just the right point, and finished me off with a blurring jacking of my 
cockhead that sent gusts of thick white high into the air. The feeling of 
every muscle in my body straining forced all my energy into my central chakra, 
and I came in hard, deep bursts until I could come no more. I looked across at 
Toby with glazed eyes and saw her positively bouncing on the futon as she 
jammed fingers in and out of her pussy with erotic brutality. Toby moaned a 
long, drawnout, almost lonesome sound as she came, and then collapsed in a 
heap on the futon.

By default, once I have had my orgasm, I am out of scene, unless we have made 
contervailing arrangements. Eloise and Toby toweled away the lube, semen, 
sweat, and anything else we might have generated. My circulation was still 
shaky from the bondage, and I was still spaced from my wonderful climax, so
the three women picked me up and arranged me in state on the futon.

``You are something else, see-through'' I said, caressing Cesura's cheek. She 
turned her head and first bit, then kissed my hand.

``You--you _people_ are something else'' Cesura returned. ``You're the only 
folks I've ever met who wanted to share sex with me, rather than either 
exploit me like some kind of a freak or throw me a bone.'' She laughed, a 
little bitterly. ``Would you believe I've never got a compliment, a sexual 
compliment, delivered in good faith, in my life?'' A tear gathered at the rim 
of one pink eye and started down Cesura's cheek. ``An', an' here you bypass 
all the obvious stuff and stroke me and tell me I have a beautiful _clit_'' 
(she pronounced it ``clee-ut'' which made me have to swallow a grin) ``--I 
just don't know!'' Cesura hid her face in her hands. ``Scuse me a minute here.''

Toby rubbed the albino's shoulders. ``That's all right, Cesura. We don't 
discourage tears here, as long as they're happy tears.''

``That's right'' I cracked. ``Sometimes we beat each other for hours and hours 
until the happy tears start up.'' Cesura laughed wetly.

***

Things I learned from Cesura in one night:

...many albino body parts are partially translucent, including some
very intimate parts... if you ever get the opportunity to stretch an albino
vulva labium out and hold it against the light, you will see a perfect
anatomy lesson, down to the capillary level...

...white, silky pubic hair feels and tastes amazing...

...making love to somebody whose natural body temperature is a few
degrees higher than normal puts you into a kind of cooperative
shared fever after a while...

...what happens to red eyes during an orgasm defies verbal description;
somebody oughtta film it (Eloise probably will)...

*** end part 2 of 2 ***
