Archive-name: Violent/ch1.txt
Archive-author: Mark E. Dassad
Archive-title: ChickenHawk 1 - Karen


Non-consenting sex and violence and violent sex, m/f, adult
w/teenager.  Not for the easily squicked or those offended by such
things.

(C) 1992  Mark E. Dassad.    May be reproduced and  redistributed
    un-edited and  un-altered in electronic format for NON-PROFIT
    ONLY  with this notice intact.  The author reserves the right
    to sell paper copies at huge profit to the disconnected.  Any
    other use constitutes fraud, and you'll be hunted down like a
    dawg and violated if you violate this. Okay you can fix typos,
    but only if you send me corrections.


**********CHICKENHAWK:  CHAPTER 1   "Karen"  **************

I'd been hunting chicken at the New York Port Authority for about six
months when I picked up Karen, fresh off the bus from Chicago, a
runaway from one of the rich 'burbs that circle that city.  She wasn't
really my type; she was at LEAST 14, maybe 15.  Long curly brown hair,
almost frizzy really, a handful of freckles splashed across her nose,
and it was one of those damn smashed little Irish pig noses, but at
least her skin wasn't that awful dead white like so many of them have.
Big round firm tits; I could tell that even with the expensive down
jacket she was wearing, and she had a really tight little ass, and
slim hips, too slim for a girl really.  Hell, a woman.  If they can
drop a kid, I say they're women.

*I* usually go for the younger ones, 11, 12 years old, nice blonde
hair, big and fleshy, that healthy farm look.  When I'm in the mood
for female flesh and not boymeat, anyway.  But I was in the mood for
something different that afternoon, and this girl, whose name she said
was Karen, had runaway written all over her, from her duffle bag to
her nervous darting glance, like someone was trailing her, and like
she'd never been to New York before.  Which she hadn't.  Shit I'd bet
my left nut she'd never even been to Chicago before she changed buses
there.  But she looked athletic, and so damned upper-middle-class,
that I wanted her, BAD.  The biggest part of my kick is making them
*come*, the prey, making them buck like they never knew they could,
flopping franticly like a fish out of water, shaking and twitching
like they might never have another orgasm in their insignificant
little lives, as they gyrate, my fat dick buried deep in their loins.
The power, of making some punky little brat writhe in ecstasy while
they twist on the spit of their own pride and drown in humiliation,
making them KNOW in the pit of their groin and the base of their brain
that pain = pleasure = pain, and I'm their fucking GOD, because I
control it all, man, there's no bigger rush.

So I sidled up to her, I was dressed real nice, conservative little
blow-dry haircut, smelling sweet, looking like some college asshole,
like I always do when I'm out jailbaiting.  The kids that think
they're tough get this idea I'll be an easy mark, and the stupid ones
think I'm safer than the sleazier looking pimps who start salivating
at the sight of fresh chicken.  The pimps hassled me at first for
muscling in on their turf, but since I started doing commission work
for Nunzio's crowd, they leave me the hell alone.  I don't know what
happens to these kids after I deliver them to Nunz' and I like it that
way.  He's offered a couple times to let me in on a bigger piece of
his scene, but I get my kicks and he pays me a couple bills or more
for each kid I deliver, depending on how pretty they are to begin with
and the condition I deliver them in. I try not to mark them up too
bad, though a couple times I've gotten a little carried away.  That
kid Gary, I think he said he was on his Jr. High wrestling team, from
like Iowa or Ohio or Idaho or somewhere.  Christ, Nunz' didn't want to
give me 50 bucks for that one after I'd had my fun...  but that's
another story.

"Hey, Good to see you!"  I said to this ripe little Karen chick,
taking her arm and leading her to the down escalator.  Startled and
confused, she fell into step with me.  "Don't look back, honey," I
whispered conspiratorially.  "Those two men, the PR in the overcoat
with the gold tooth, and the black guy with the hat, they're pimps."
I glanced over my shoulder at Hector and Big James and winked.  "You
want a burger?" I asked her. "You look hungry."

She smiled at me, perfect white teeth.  Rich kids' teeth.  Braces,
good dental care.  "I thought New Yorker's were supposed to be rude
and unfriendly."

"I didn't grow up here," I smiled back at her, smiling inwardly to
myself.  It was always so easy.  "I'm from Delaware, but I'm studying
Social Work at Columbia.  You looked lost, and those guys..."  I
shuddered, for effect.

We were at the coffee shop at street level by then; it was
mid-afternoon, still too early for the commuter crush, and I bought
the girl a burger, some fries, and a coke.  She told me her name was
Karen then, and that she'd left Chicago to find work; she wanted to be
a writer, and New York was where you did that kind of thing.  I guess
because she thought I was a social worker she felt like telling me
about herself.  She said she was 19 (yeah, uh huh.  And *I'm* 19
too..)  and was tired of the midwest "phoniness".  Doris, the waitress
at this overpriced greasepit gave me the evil eye and dropped the
plate with my tuna sandwich from about 2 inches above the table so it
landed with a crash.  I picked the limp lettuce off the day-old bun
and swore at her.

"Christ Doris, how many times I come in here I tell you no freakin'
five week old limp, grey lettuce?!"

"So sue me," she muttered, her back to me as she walked back towards
the kitchen.  "Is yr limp wrist too fuckin' weak ta pick it off??"

I wanted to hit her.  I imagined her head exploding from the impact of
a baseball bat I'd swing straight and true at the base of her skull,
bloody bits of brain and bone shrapnel spattering all over the place,
declaring my revenge.  Instead, I smiled at the girl, Karen.

"Hey, welcome to Noo Yawk, kid," I laid on my best Bronx accent for
her.  She laughed out loud.  

We ate, she talked a little, mostly about music, bands, MTV, stupid
crap.  I asked her when she graduated high school and she stumbled,
while she tried to remember how old she'd said she was, and calculate
what year she would have graduated.  She was pretty hungry, and wolfed
that burger down.

"So listen, since you just arrived, why don't you come up to my place,
you can shower, read the paper for want ads, a place to stay."  She
looked kind of nervous, so I babbled on.  "You can shower or something
if you want, freshen up.  I need to study, I have an exam tomorrow."
God I was a good liar!  I'd been using this rap for a while though,
had practice.  The older ones, you have to be pretty quick, some of
them are smart.  Before she knew what was happening, we were in the
lobby of Nunzio's hotel on 43rd and 8th, just across from the bus
station, over one of his "Adult Arcades".  This Karen girl was
starting to look kind of scared; Times Square will do that to fresh
meat; it made her look a lot younger, and I was already getting hard
thinking about all the fun I was going to have between now and the
time I handed her over to Nunz's boys.

"It's not the greatest place," I reassured her in my best college
asshole jive.  "Social workers don't make a lot, and this city'll kill
you financially.  I'll probably move to Jersey after I get my degree,
like everyone else."

She looked a little happier, but she didn't like the way Vito, the fat
slob that ran the desk days, was eyeballing her.  

"Don't mind Vito," I said, as he handed me the key to my regular room
they kept available for me.  I didn't pay any rent, it was a perk I
got as an `employee'.  "There's plenty of worse creeps in this city
than him."  I thought I heard Vito choking as we picked our way through
the debris lining the hallway.

***

I pushed her into the room ahead of me; it was dark, a windowless
interior room, and though the rest of the hotel reeked of puke and
stale cum, I kept this room clean; I had a real nice apartment in one
of the better parts of Brooklyn, but I spent a lot of time in the
room, and I hate filth.  I fumbled with the light switch, pretending
the bulb was burned out, while I reached in the drawer of the little
table next to the door for the morphine kit.  I'd only od'd a kid once
after Big James, the black pimp I knew from cruising Port Authority,
put me onto the trick of doping up the kids to get them nice and
docile.  Shit, one dead junkie runaway, more or less, in the Big
Apple, nobody cares.  And you don't want to have to mark them up too
bad, it spoils their value for a good couple days, sometimes weeks.
Plus, with them doped you don't have to worry as much about getting
kicked in the balls.

I popped her a hit in the butt, through her nice tight jeans,
pretending to stumble in the dark, as she yelped and started to get
scared.  I was done being nice; I *had* the stupid little cunt now,
right in my own damn hotel room.  Look, I make no apologies, this city
eats morons alive.  Darwinism in it's purest form.

I bolted the door, locked the deadbolt and dropped the key into the
drawer where I kept my fix kit, flipped on the light switch and
tackled the little cheerleader poonie, throwing her onto her back on
the bed that filled most of the small room.  Landing heavily on top of
her, I pinned her arms above her head and held her there while I
slowly rolled my hips, grinding my crotch into hers, through our heavy
winter clothes.  This little fox, she let out a blood-curdling scream,
but the locals weren't going to mind, and if they did they weren't
going to say anything.

I slapped her across the face, and smiled at her, enjoying the
hand-shaped mark that was blossoming on her left cheek.  She screamed
again, and started crying.  It was incredibly erotic.

"Why are you doing this?"  She whimpered patheticly, the effects of
the dope making her weak and pliable as she made these pathetic
attempts to free her arms from my grip.  I hadn't given her enough to
put her out, though. I like them feisty enough.  It's no FUN if they
don't scream and struggle a bit; otherwise you might as well torture a
corpse, and I'm not THAT sick.

I slapped her again, because I felt like it, and locked her arms in
the cuffs I had attached to permanent rings screwed into the wall just
above the head of the bed.  She pulled against the restraints, and
started really bawling like a little kid then.

"Let me go," she sobbed, tears running across my handprints on her
face.  "I'm not really 19, my parents are looking for me, you'll go to
jail"

I just laughed at her.  "Bitch, if you were REALLY 19 I wouldn't have
picked you up.  What are you, 14?  15?  I bet you're in high school
already, you're already older than *I* like."  I was sitting up on her
now, my butt resting on her hips, straddling her.  We were both still
fully dressed, coats, shoes and all.  I shucked off my jacket and
carefully placed it on the chair next to the bed, and I pulled off my
shoes which were muddying the bedspread and placed them on the mat
next to the chair.  No matter.  I always burned the bedclothes after
each one of these encounters anyway.  I unzipped her down jacket and
pulled up the fluffy pink sweatshirt she was wearing, while she
squirmed and begged me to stop. With that damn jacket though, it
wouldn't go up very far, so I left her there and retrieved a pair of
scissors from the bathroom drawer.

She started crying again as I cut the expensive down jacket off of
her, no doubt worrying that her mom would kill her when she found out
her new jacket had been ruined.  The thought of some rich bitch
sitting in her kitchen in some suburban mansion out of some John
Hughes movie, fretting over her pumpkin's whereabouts made me smile.
I pulled the ruined garment off of Karen, trailing feathers that I'd
have to clean up later, and proceeded to hack off her fluffy pink
sweatshirt with the purple teddy bears.  It might come in handy later,
so I folded it and placed it on top of my jacket on the chair.

She was left wearing just a bra from the waist up, and it wasn't much
of a bra, her nipples jutted sharply through the thin fabric, and it
offered no support.  I'm not good at describing tits, I like girls
without them, but these were pretty nice, they were medium sized, just
a little more than a handful, but they were firm, not those disgusting
sloppy wiggly kind, and they had a sprinkling of freckles across the
top where the sun must've hit them in the summer, like her nose.  I
chopped at the contraption with the scissors and yanked it from her
body and tossed it into the waste basket next to the dresser.

"Nice boobs kid," I leered at her.  She closed her eyes and tears
started leaking from her again.  I grabbed her left tit by the nipple
and pulled upward as far as it would stretch, then slapped the side of
her breast, hard, with my left hand.  She screamed, and I repeated the
procedure on her right tit.

I sat back a moment.

"Look at me, you little whore."  I commanded her.  When she didn't, I
pulled the hair on the top of her head so her neck was at a right
angle to her body and with my free hand I grabbed her left nipple and
again pulled up as far as it would go.  "If you don't open your eyes
and look at me right now, I'm going to cut this nipple right off."  I
didn't know if I really meant it, but it worked, her eyes flew open
and she stared straight at me, then at her extended nipple, then back
at me, her pupils dilated in terror.

"Now listen up," I told her.  "You're MINE now, and you'll do what I
say as soon as I say it, or things will get ugly.  I'm going to do
whatever I feel like doing to you, and by the time I'm done with you,
you're going to beg me hurt you, beg me to fuck you, and you'll really
*mean* it."

Karen shook her head, and tears flowed from her face.  "I won't." she
moaned.  "You can't make me.  My parents will find you, you'll go to
jail."

I shrugged, and climbed off of her prone form.  She moved lazily, the
morphine dulling her senses.  Now was not the time to threaten pain;
she couldn't feel much of it, wouldn't for a few hours yet till the
dope wore off.  Humiliation would still work though, just a plain
old-fashioned rape.  Time later for the heavier stuff that would
really get my 'nads pumping.

"You ever been fucked?"  I asked her, as I pulled her shoes and socks
off and worked her pants down.  She didn't struggle much, just
whimpered.  I snipped the scissors above her precious titties every
time she moved and that quieted her down.

"Well?!"  I barked at her.  "Anybody stick their meat in your box??"

"yes,"  she whispered.

I smiled, as I pulled her panties off, imagining someone just like me,
riding a younger version of this girl, imagined a big fat cock like
mine tearing into her fat, hairless, pre-pubescent pussy.  Jesus she
was hairy now though.  I'd have to shave her before I'd be able to
fuck her.  Curly brown hair covered her mound, though thankfully it
didn't extend too far between her legs.

"Who fucked you?"  I asked conversationally, "Your big jock boyfriend?
Your daddy?  The boys' gym teacher?"

I abruptly thrust two fingers into her tight dry cunt when she didn't
answer me, and she yelped and used her legs to push away from my
probing fingers.  It was time to get serious.  Using plenty of the
silver duct tape I bought in volume, I bent her legs at the knees,
taping each leg in half, and with a considerable amount of physical
effort I managed to run a band of tape around her midriff so that her
legs were bound securely to her torso; her cunt, asshole, and buttocks
now lewdly exposed for my pleasure.  I returned from the bathroom with
my shaving cream; menthol, it would burn a bit.  I lathered up her
pussy and began scraping away all that disgusting evidence of her
maturity.  She whimpered and moaned, asking me why I was doing it,
complaining that I was hurting her, that the shaving cream burned, but
I noticed that her clit spasmed involuntarily as I continued scraping,
and I asked her again who had porked her.

"You don't really want to make me mad when I have a razor at your
pussy do you?"  I asked her.

"uncle larry"  she whispered.

"Uncle Larry," I repeated.  "So Uncle Larry shoved his big hot dick into
your tight little box.  Was he the first?"  I asked her.  She was
sobbing uncontrollably as I described her encounter with this
relative.  "Did he bust your cherry?"

"N-n-no no no no no," she choked, "he he he...  he let his fr.. his
friend Bob do it the very first time in my... in my... while he did it
... d-d-d-did it in in in my m-m-m-mouth,"  she wailed.

It was an old story, I heard it from all these little pukes, their
father or some uncle or neighbor or priest or rabbi or little league
coach had been poking them in one hole or other so they ran away from
home.  Some people think it's evil, but fuck that.

"So Uncle Larry and his pal Bob took turns grinding your pussy while
you sucked the other one off.  I bet you liked being a shish kebob,
huh?"

"NO!," she screamed in denial. crying and twisting as I scraped at her
cuntlips with my razor. "I hate them I hate you!"

"...twisting around with one fat dick jamming your tight little hole
and another one fucking your mouth." I continued on, ignoring her
protests.  "Your uncle's big fat dick sliding down your throat,
shooting his hot milky sperm into your mouth, while his friend humped
your horny little ass and came inside you.  Did anyone else ever get
it wet in your cunt?"  I slapped her now smooth, naked mound
playfully, wiping off the excess shaving cream with her ruined
sweatshirt.  She was young enough; her cunt lips, thankfully, were not
yet swollen and sagging with the ravages of old age.  God there is
nothing uglier than an old pussy.

When she didn't answer, I pinched her little clit painfully hard and
twisted till she cried out.

"No!" she wailed, her bottom lip quivering childishly, tears rolling
down her face, no doubt remembering her uncle's bone pistoning in and
out of her tight young twat while his friend's meat ravaged her wet,
gaping mouth, choking off her air passage.  I heard that chicks come
harder if they can't breathe when they're being reamed.  Time enough
for that experiment later.  I slipped my fingers back into her pussy.
Just as I expected, it was quite wet now as I reminded her of her
previous humiliation.  It was always this way with the slutty little
brats I picked up, they swore they hated it, at the same time they
were creaming all over themselves, as they remembered being nailed;
same way with the boys, they'd tell me Uncle Ralph had poled out their
butt every Friday for three years, they'd scream that it hurt like
hell when I stuffed mine in for my share, but their dicks would be
dancing against their bellies, begging for more.

"Is this how much you hated it?"  I pulled my fingers out of her box
and smeared her juices on her her upper lip. She twisted her head and
shrieked in revulsion.  I leered into her face as she continued
sobbing.  "I bet you BEGGED them to fuck you, I bet you slurped their
dicks every chance you got, sucking on their cocks and gulping down
their hot sperm like it was your mother's titty I think you rub
yourself every night thinking about big fat cocks grinding into your
cunt I think you fucked your cunt back at your Uncle Larry and
imagined it was really your DADDY's dick inside you."

She was howling hysterically, sobbing wildly, thrashing her head from
side to side and twisting her bound body as much as she could, as I
detailed my version of her past, all the while her cunt continued to
form it's juices, her clitty twitching ever so gently in it's newfound
nakedness.  I had to have her then, I'd gotten myself too hot,
describing her childhood.  

I pulled off my pants, folded them up and placed them on the dresser
along with my underpants and socks, though I left my shirt on, and
quickly jumped on the bed and mounted her.  She wailed pitifully as my
shaft sunk deep into her teenaged cunt; I thrust hard and fast and
deep, with such force that the crown of her head slammed into the wall
with a resounding thump, and she screamed again at the shock.  

Her pussy was tight enough; I had never found a virgin yet, and I'd
fucked girls as young as eight; but *this* girl's pussy was used to
the feel of cock.  I was pretty sure from the way she sobbed as I
described her Uncle and his friend balling her that it had been a
regular event, probably once or twice a week, and she fucked me back,
in spite of herself.  I managed to catch a violent rhythm, slamming
into her, her agonized shrieks peaking each time the swollen head of
my dick traveled the length of her tight young cunt and banged into
the entrance to her womb, her back arching as her head slammed into
the wall.  The other guests at this "adult hotel" knew better than to
complain about one of Nunzio's employee's making too much noise, even
if it sounded like someone was being dismembered.

Her pussy walls gripped my cock with an amazing heat, almost seeming
to suck me into her as I lurched on top of this little babe, my fat
rod ramming into her in a hard, steady rhythm timed by her head
banging the wall.  I didn't last very long this first time; but when
I'm in hunting mode I can get it up four or five times a day and the
firsts one's usually a quick one.  I could feel her belly tightening
beneath me as I slammed my shaft in and out of her snatch, slickly
lubricated with her own lust, and I knew she was going to come soon,
and I knew she would hate it more than if I simply caused her pain, so
I rode her high and deep, my rolling, fucking motions placing extra
pressure on her engorged clit.

She started climaxing then, whimpering and sobbing and thrusting back
at my driving thrusts as best she could, bound the way she was, her
cunt spasming around my turgid shaft pistoning between her legs, and I
started to come then too, and humped into her with all the force I
could muster; I leaned over her and sank my teeth into her left
breast, not breaking the skin, but leaving a nice red bite mark that
would last many hours.  Even as she arched her back and screamed at
the sudden pain in her tit, she came, as powerfully as any girl I'd
ever fucked up to that moment.  It felt as if her twat was literally
sucking the cum right out of my nuts as I shot load after sticky load
of my jism deep into her steaming box, her tit still gripped between
my teeth.  I pulled out of her as soon as I had shot my last load, and
standing naked from the waste down, my dick slowly softening, I cut
the duct tape to free her legs, ripping it from her body in several
passes, smiling as she screamed at the fiery pain of her flesh
seemingly torn from her body. I watched her belly and clit twitch
again as this last surge of pain caused another smaller orgasm to
course through her body.  I wonder what cruel trick of biology causes
pain and pleasure to be so easily confused?

I showered, whistling some stupid television jingle, cleaning our
mingled juices from my body, and put on a new set of clothes.  It was
actually quite some time since I'd first picked Karen up, and we would
need some dinner, some food to see us through the long night ahead.

I slapped her on the thigh as I left her there on the bed with her
arms still chained to the wall above the bed.  "You're a pretty good
lay, I guess you've had a lot of practice."  I gathered my coat and
gloves, put on my shoes and headed out the door.  "I guess I'm not too
bad either, from the way you were flopping around on the end of my
dick."

I stopped at the front desk on my way out to leave a message with
Vito.

"Tell Sal Wednesday, any time after, say, 8am. 4 C.  Kind of old."  It
was Monday now.  I'd have another day and a half to play; if I got
bored, she would keep till Sal came by to pick her up.



I didn't return to the hotel room until around eight that evening.
Karen had been cuffed to the bed for over three hours by then, and the
morphine I'd given her had worn off and she was looking pretty
bedraggled, sweaty and cold, her hair a tangled mess, lying nude in
that drafty rundown hotel, but she'd managed to squirm her body around
and I guess she'd used her feet to work some of the bed clothes loose,
so that the lower half of her body was covered with a rumpled mass of
sheets and blanket and bedspread.  I dropped my bag of toys and food
on the dresser across from the foot of the bed and hung my jacket in
the closet, careful to leave my shoes on the rubber mat next to the
chair so I wouldn't track filth around the threadbare but mercifully
clean carpet.  Vito thought I was insane, that I paid someone to clean
it every few months. 

I went into the bathroom to take a piss, as I spoke to my prize
through the open door.  "Are you ready for some more 'looovvvin',
honey?" I drawled lewdly, walking back to stand next to her head with
my dick hanging limply from my fly.  I had taken off my flannel shirt
and was standing there in socks, jeans and t-shirt, fisting my cock as
I stroked her long curly hair.

"Get away from me!" she shrieked hysterically, "I hate you!  You're
EVIL!"  It was obvious from her swollen eyes and tear-stained cheeks
that she had been crying almost continuously while I'd been gone.  I
pulled the blankets and sheets from the lower half of her body and
tossed them into the bottom of the closet.

I needed something to get me hard; I knew a good belting would perk my
dick right up.  I remembered that she hadn't eaten since I'd bought
her that burger.

"I bought you a sandwich, I hope tuna's ok." I rummaged around in the
bag.  "And a coke, some chips, a pickle.  Kaufman's has the best
pickles, though I hear they're not really kosher."

I held one of the sandwich quarters to her face but she turned away
without speaking.  I grabbed one of her nipples and twisted, hard.

"You ANSWER me when I ask you a question!"  I barked at her as she
cried out.  I slapped her face and she cried out again.

"I'm not hungry," she squealed, as I raised my hand to strike her
again.  

"Suit yourself," I shrugged.  I wrapped the sandwich back up and put
it and the coke and pickle into the little mini fridge I kept in the
closet.  I pulled my belt out of my pants and stepped out of them,
folding them carefully and placing them in the dresser drawer. I
removed my underwear and tossed it into the bottom of the closet with
the bed clothes.

Doubling the belt in my fist I struck Karen square across the front of
her naked muscular thighs, blow after blow raising beautiful, wide red
weals all up and down her legs.  My cocked started to stiffen almost
immediately, hypnotized by her twisting arching torso flailing to the
tempo of the belt smacking into her legs, her shrieking, screaming
cries creating a lovely harmony to my rhythmic beating.  After a few
dozen blows had fallen, I stopped, and plunged my hand between her
thighs.  Her legs were nearly paralyzed from the pain of the tanning
I'd just given them; she offered no resistance; her knees fell open
lewdly, and my hand came up dripping wet.  Her eyes were screwed shut
and she was sobbing in long choking gasps, saliva drooling from her
mouth...  inviting me to slip my cock in.  Quickly, I released her
left hand from the cuff securing it to the ring in the wall and using
more of the duct tape from earlier that afternoon when I had bound her
legs, I secured the left arm to her side by wrapping a few loops of
tape completely around her body just below shoulder level, and just
above the elbow.  With her left arm secured I then released her right
arm and taped it too to her body.  The silver duct tape above and
below her breasts pulling at the skin made them jut out nicely, and
the silver tape wrapped in wide bands around her body was somehow
arousing.  Her arms were free to move from the elbow, but without
being able to use her shoulders, she could not gain any leverage to
push or strike at me.

Karen was still sobbing, the front of her legs a beautiful flaming red
mass of weals.  Grabbing her by the ankles, I spun her body sideways
so that she was laying crosswise on the bed on her back, her head
dangling back over the edge, her hair hanging to the floor.  

"What are you going to do to me now?" she moaned, fear making her
voice quaver.  "Please don't hurt me anymore, I'll do whatever you
want, I promise."

I laughed out loud at her, and grabbed the back of her neck firmly
with my right hand, and pinched her little pig nose shut with my left.

"Of course you'll do what I want, bitch," I smiled, quickly jamming my
stiff meat between her lips when she opened her mouth in surprise at
the sudden loss of oxygen.  "You haven't got a choice."

I let go of Karen's nose then, and grabbing the back of her head for
more control, I bent my knees and thrust the head of my cock at the
back of her throat.  With her head bent backwards like it was, I had a
clear shot straight down her esophagus.  Muffled panicked choking
sounds came from around my thrusting dick as I slammed the full length
of it into her gullet, my hairy balls, swollen with lust, slapping
against her nose.  She was twisting and writhing, her throat muscles
spasming convulsively as I raped her face; her reflexive gagging
milking my cock like the most experienced slut's cunt.  As I continued
pistoning my dick in her maw, her thrashing increased in intensity,
her feet kicking involuntarily, and though I couldn't see her face I
imagined it was a beautiful purple hue, probably nearly blue.  Her
thrashing started to weaken, and reluctantly, I pulled my cock from
between Karen's lips and rubbed it around her face, saliva drooling
from it's length.  She choked and coughed, her breasts heaving as she
struggled to breathe after I had nearly suffocated her.  I was nowhere
near ready to ejaculate; I had slipped a studded leather cock-ring
around my cock and balls after I'd taken that piss, and I'd be rock
hard for at least an hour yet without coming.  I'd scored some really
fine crystal meth while I was out, too, and between the crank and my
natural psychoticly induced sexual frenzy, I'd be filling this little
tramp in almost every hole, non-stop, for the better part of the next
thirty-six hours; by the end of it she'd be begging me not to leave
her, to fuck her harder and longer and deeper, to be her master
forever.

Right THEN, though, my dick was threatening to jump off my groin and
crawl up the nearest hole by itself.  It NEEDED to fuck something,
anything.

Karen had started moaning, her voice rasping and raw from the recent
abuse of her vocal cords.  Going around to the other side of the bed,
I rolled her over on her stomach.  She screamed hoarsely as the raw,
whipped flesh of her legs made contact with the bedsheet.  I had
decided it was time to spread her knees on the spreader bar I had
made; leaving her there crying, I returned from the closet with the
bar, and climbed onto the bed, fastening first her left knee at the
one end of the bar, tightly buckling the strap secured there just
above her knee, and then fastening the second strap on the other end
so that her knees were spread almost three feet apart.  I then bent
her legs back at the knees, and securely taped her ankles to the backs
of her legs.  With her arms and legs  securely bound, she was
completely helpless, and at my mercy.  The spreader bar made a useful
means of hauling her around as well.

When I had done securing her legs, I grabbed Karen by the hips and
pulled her to what would have been a kneeling position; her knees
supported her on the bed, her legs bent double, the top part of her
body resting uncomfortably on her breast bone and shoulders, her head
turned sideways.  She was crying softly and continuously, swallowing
occasionally; it was obvious her throat was still sore from it's
recent rape.  She attempted unsuccessfully to support some of her
weight with the free length of her arms.

"You ever been fucked in the ass?"  I asked her, as I pressed my dick
against the entrance to her pussy.

She wailed franticly, but bound as she was she could move only
imperceptibly. "Nooooo..."  She moaned, "Please don't put it in my
butt, pleeeeaaaase....."

I slapped her ass as hard as I could and thrust my raging boner into
her tight cunt.  The only lubrication she had right then was the cum
left in her from my first reaming, and she yelped at the dry burning
pain she must have felt as my fat hard cock opened her up.

"Answer my question!"  I slapped her again, pulling out and re-pene-
trating with a savage lust.  The speed I had taken while I was out was
starting to peak in my bloodstream and it felt like the entire essence
of my existence lived in the thick ten inches of muscle buried in this
teenager's small, tight pussy.  

I lived to fuck.  

I was thrusting my hips forward with as much force as I was using to
pull her hips towards me, each forward motion driving my cock into her
channel with a bone-crunching fury, my balls slapping forward to
tickle her clit as my hairy belly came in contact with her parted
ass-cheeks.  Karen had stopped actually shrieking and was making a
high, keening noise from deep within her.  I slowed my humping down a
bit as I noticed my cock bearing a thin coat of blood; my fat dick
must've scraped her dry channel raw.  I still expected to get a lot
more days use out of this one, and I also wanted to get a fair price
for her.  It hardly mattered if she were a little torn up or sore
inside, but she would be worthless dead or dying; she needed to be in
decent enough shape for someone else to get a rise out of her when
they fucked her. This was all before the AIDS epidemic, at least, or I
might've been worried for myself, with the blood and all.

I continued fucking her for another five minutes or so, according to
the clock on the dresser, the cock-ring and drugs keeping me hard and
preventing me from coming.  Her moaning had taken on a new edge, and I
suspected she was getting aroused, partly or largely from all the pain
I'd been inflicting with my dick.  I was getting tired from having to
support her, she was after all, probably 90 lbs. or so, even if small
for her age.  I pulled out of her, and let her flop forward on the
bed.  She lay there face down, not moving, nor crying much, breathing
softly.  I knelt down on the bed and stroked the perfect, smooth
creamy cheeks of her ass.  I spanked her ass for a few minutes,
watching it turn a lovely crimson, periodically thrusting my hand
between her legs to feel the moisture forming there, to pinch and
pull her pulsating button, the spanking arousing her more and more.

I re-entered her, flopping my full weight on her back and thrust my
cock into her now slickly lubed channel, her breath whooshing from her
lungs at the unexpected pressure.  She moaned and twisted beneath me
as my wiry pubic hair ground against her flaming butt cheeks, and not
surprisingly, she started grinding her ass back at me as she lay
pinned under my weight, moans of pleasure mixing in with the harsher
cries of pain.  I ground my swollen, engorged member in her pussy for
quite a while, exulting in the way her cunt, now spasming in the first
of many pain-induced orgasms, gripped and stroked my rod.  As the last
ripple washed over her body I pulled out of her, a small bit of the
original blood mixing with her own cum glistening on my cock.

Deftly, I flipped her over so she was on her back.  She stared at me,
rather wild-eyed, her knees bent underneath her then.  It must have
been uncomfortable, even painful.  She seemed to have lost a lot of
her fight after this last vicious banging and humiliating orgasm; I
think she was finally understanding how helpless she was to prevent me
from doing to her body whatever I pleased, and perhaps, like that old
joke, she'd finally decided to just relax and enjoy it.

My dick gleamed red in the light of the naked bulb dangling from the
ceiling directly over the bed.  I had strung some multicolored
Christmas lights around the perimeter of the ceiling shortly after I'd
been given this space, and I turned them on, extinguishing the
overhead light.

I smiled at Karen.

"You still haven't answered my question about whether you've been
fucked up the ass ever."  I crawled up her body so that my glistening,
rock hard cock danced over her face.

"No," she told me.  She didn't cry or curse me when she answered this
time.

"Good."  I smiled.  "I like virgin asses, they're nice and tight, and
it'll hurt like hell for you."

She whimpered then.  "Why do you want to hurt me??"  she moaned
patheticly.  "I'll do whatever you say, you don't need to hurt me"

I reached behind me and finding her little clit I gave it a painful
twist.  She jumped.

"You know hard you just came.  My dick is wet with your lust, you've
never come like that in your life, and I MADE IT HAPPEN!"  Something
about her question had stirred me up.  "Whether you like it or admit
it, it's TRUE.  Now lick my dick!"  I ordered her.

"It's DIRTY!"  she protested.  She turned her head away from my slick
hard member, and pressed her lips shut.  I grabbed beneath my legs
where I had been sitting on her breasts and pulled and twisted both of
her nipples.  Karen struggled hard to keep her lips pressed shut as I
tortured her tits, twisting her nipples and squeezing the globes as
hard as I could, but finally she screamed, and I slipped my dick past
her lips.  I grabbed her hair by the roots at the sides of her head
and began fucking her face again, while she twisted franticly, trying
to dislodge my dick from her mouth.  I imagined the taste of the blood
and funk from her cunt were a new experience for her.  Satisfied that
she had sufficiently cleaned the filth of her loins from my rod, I
pulled my still hard cock from her mouth and immediately clamped a
hand over it.  I leaned my face directly over hers and placed my other
hand on her throat, rubbing downward with gentle stroking motions.

"Swallow."  I whispered menacingly, as she stared wild-eyed into my
hard cold eyes, breathing heavily through her nose as my hand covered
her mouth.

"I have my hand on your throat; if I don't feel you swallow, I'm going
to bite your nipple off."  This time, I knew I really meant it.  I
moved back down her body and clamped my teeth on her swollen, sore
right nipple and slowly began biting down.  As I bit down harder and
harder, I felt her throat muscles ripple, once, twice, three, four,
five times, faster and more franticly, as my teethe threatened to
break the tender skin of her areola.  Reluctantly, I unclamped my
teeth.  I had to concentrate hard on not ruining her resale value, the
crank and cock-ring adding to my natural psychotic frenzy.  I lifted
my hand from her mouth, and laughed as she gasped a healthy lungful of
air and loosed a blood-curdling scream.  I suspected it was more fear
that I would bite her nipple off than actual pain that made her howl
this time.  I climbed off her body and grabbing the bar stretching her
knees apart, I spun her body so her head was then near the foot of the
bed, her knees near the middle of the length.

The Christmas lights gave a strangely macabre essence to the scene in
that hotel room, the multicolored lights tracing a festive pattern on
the silver duct tape, glistening brightly in the cold sweaty patches
that gleamed on Karen's nude, bound body.  I pulled a ball gag from my
bag of tricks and shoved it between her mouth as she struggled to
protest, fastening it securely behind her head.

"It makes the experience so much more... intense, if you can't cry
out," I explained, as muffled noises escaped from around the gag.  I
climbed on the bed facing her, bringing with me my paper bag full of
goodies, and grabbing the spreader bar between her knees, I pushed it
all the way up and back so that it was pressed flush against Karen's
torso, her little ass muscle and pussy and buttocks exposed to my
attentions.

At first, I just held the bar there as I knelt back on my heels and
rubbed and pulled and twisted on her little clit, my cock dancing
between her cheeks, watching as the little tart became more and more
excited, muffled squeaks of pleasure leaking out around the gag, her
hips rocking slowly, the fleshy lips of her young pussy periodically
rippling with the waves of yet another building orgasm.  I pulled a
jar of lubricant from the bag of playthings, and a long thin pink
rubber butt probe, and lubed it generously.  Slowly, I forced the
knobby end through the tight virgin bud of her asshole, still grinding
her clit vigorously with the palm of my left hand in a rolling fucking
motion.  I could tell she clamped the muscle down around the probe by
the resistance I met sliding it in, but the rolling waves of a
building orgasm conflicted with her desire to keep the intruder out of
her ass, and I slid the slim length in another two inches, where it
met more resistance.  There was no need to force the probe further, I
would use my hard cock to open her rectum up fully.  Her pussy was
dripping wet then from my clit-rubbing, and holding the bar between
her knees with both hands, I knelt up and thrust my cock into her
cunt, to gather the lubrication I would need to penetrate her tight
tight ass.  She humped up to meet my thrust, and moaned deep in her
chest; her lust belying the tears still rolling down the sides of her
cheeks.  I pulled out quickly and pressed the head of my cock against
the tight little button of her ass.  Letting the spreader bar rest
against my t-shirted chest, I grabbed the sides of her hips and leaned
forward, curling her legs back upon herself, her buttocks curled up
into the air as my cockhead pressed insistently at her anus.  The
moans in her chest had become higher pitched, and with a final effort
the massive head of my cock popped through the hard ring of muscle,
lodging in the soft warm end of her rectum.

"Loosen up baby, don't fight it," I cautioned her.  "You want it, you
can feel how wet your pussy is."  An involuntary moan of pleasure
escaped me as I sunk my shaft another two inches into her tight hot
ass, the hard tight rubberband of her sphincter muscle squeezing my
shaft.  Still eight more inches to go, and I was rock hard and ready.

Karen looked as if she were sprouting from my groin, my huge shaft
buried partways into her tight virgin ass, dilating it at least 2,
maybe 3 inches, splitting her cheeks impossibly wide. I imagined the
horrific screams she would be unleashing right then, if she hadn't
been gagged.  That fantasy made me nearly come, but I gained control.
I forced another two inches down into her butt, and was rewarded with
a high-pitched whistling, wheezing sound erupting from her chest,
hissing through and around the gag.  Encouraged, I leaned harder, and
finally, I drove the full ten inches of my fat cock deep into her
rectum.  It was an effort not to shoot my load as I stopped for a
moment, experiencing the full length of my cock buried in her gut, the
soft, warm walls of Karen's rectum convulsively gripping my shaft,
caressing it's length as the lower half of her body spasmed in the
throes of unspeakable agony.  She was managing to make a fair keening
wailing noise from around the ball gag, but I wanted her to be able to
breathe through the gag; she wouldn't be able to do that if I'd
covered her mouth with duct tape, and the ball gag was more secure;
from experience I had learned that tape would eventually come loose
from saliva and straining.

I reached back to put a finger at the opening of her pussy; sure
enough, it was still sopping wet, and her clit jumped and danced,
fully engorged, when I brushed my finger over it.  I reached around
her spread legs and grabbing her tits for support I began at last to
really fuck her behind.

Slowly at first, I pulled my cock about halfway out of her ass,
watching as it threatened to pull her inside out, then pressed it back
in, the incredible heat of her bowels making it hard to manage much
self-control.  I marveled at the tightness of her virgin sphincter,
how the muscle rolled tightly up and down the length of my meat as I
slowly reamed it in and out of her butt.  She bled some, most
unwilling virgin buttholes do; it wasn't a whole lot, and it added
some lubrication.  I started pounding her butt in earnest then, losing
all control, slamming the full length of my now shit and blood-covered
cock in and out of her asshole.  I hardly cared then how badly I was
tearing her up inside; it wouldn't show when Nunzio collected her, as
long as she wasn't still bleeding, and nothing could compare to the
ecstatic sensations of slamming virgin butt.  I rocked back and forth
riding in and out of her cornhole, squeezing her breasts brutally as I
clutched them for support in my humping frenzy. I drilled that dick of
mine in and out of her clutching asshole, bullying it as far into her
gut as I could force it, rocking and rolling and humping into that
little teenager until finally, cock-ring, crank, and all, I came,
thrusting hard and deep into her colon, geyser after geyser of my
semen shooting up into her belly.

I pulled my dick from Karen's ass with a wet popping sound, smiling as
strings of my cum mixed with the blood and shit of her virgin ass
dripped from my dick to the sheets beneath me.  I hummed happily as I
I watched her newly initiated ass-muscle wink spasmodicly, rivulets of
my semen mixed with Karen's blood and shit dribbling from her rectum
to pool between her legs, only sorry that I hadn't thought to place a
towel of some sort underneath her to catch the fluids that would
invariably leak from her body over the next day or so.

The cock ring had kept me hard for longer than I would have imagined;
I glanced at the clock and was shocked to see that I had been
pistoning my dick in her ass for well over half an hour.  This Karen
bitch was now writhing before me, in obvious agony, twisting her head
from side to side, tears of anguish flying from her face, so I knew I
hadn't damaged her too badly; she would have fainted by then like that
Gary kid had, another time I'd lost control, but she was healthy;
red-faced, and kicking.  Her ass was not even bleeding at all by the
time I pulled out, the blood in my cum wasn't fresh, so I knew I
hadn't ruptured her.  It was nearly eleven then, and I needed to get
away from the seedy hotel for a while, go home, feed my cats, water
the plants, jog around the fucking park, except not after dark.  With
all that crank still jogging through my veins and my hard-on spent, I
needed to GET OUT.  I showered, quickly washing my filthy member using
the \Shower Massage/ I'd installed so I wouldn't have to touch the
filth of her innards, crusted on my groin, incidentally reviving my
prick just enough to make it the least bit hard and give me the
motivation to prepare Karen for when I returned.  I slipped on a clean
pair of briefs from the dresser drawer, liking the soft feel of the
cotton against my half-hard cock.

I went back into the bathroom and returned with my jar of \HEET/, a
muscle liniment.  It was the water soluble kind; I'd be able to wash
it off Karen's body when I was done with the next stage of her
treatment, so I wouldn't have to worry about any of it burning my own
sensitive parts.  I lifted the girl by her spreader bar, and twisted
her sideways on the bed again, so her feet were facing towards me as I
stood in front of the bathroom, the light illuminating me from behind.
I cut a number of generous strips of silver tape and laid them
carefully face up on the bed next to her prone body.  Then, taking a
medium sized studded black rubber vibrating dildo from the bag of toys
I'd deposited on the bed, I scooped a generous glop of \HEET/ from the
jar and liberally coated the dildo with the slick gel.  Karen just
stared at me, breathing hard.  In the dim illumination of the
Christmas lights, I was sure she didn't know what I was using to
lubricate it with.  I turned the vibrator up on high.

I smiled evilly at her.

I grabbed the spreader bar and curled her back on herself, her cunt
and ravaged asshole pointing straight up.  She whimpered behind the
gag, not knowing what to expect.  I rammed the coated dildo all the
way into her cunt, still raw and sore from when I had dry fucked it,
I'm sure, and working quickly, I taped over her cunt and pussy, laying
a thick wide layer of tape that ran from her belly, between her legs
to her back, an effective harness to keep the vibrating, \HEET/
coated, nubbed dildo firmly in her pussy, and wound a strip twice
around her torso to hold the crotch band in place.

I began to laugh then, as I could see her brain slowly registering
what was happening, as the \HEET/ began to seep into the tender, raw
skin of the pussy I'd brutally raped only an hour or so earlier.  Her
hips flipped up towards her chest, and I watched as her belly muscles
contracted, futilely trying to expel the instrument of torture buried
in her loins.  Her knees flipped down again, her back arched, and a
goddawful wail vibrated from her chest.  Her knees flipped up and down
again a number of times as her brain overloaded, trying to find a
position that would ease the burning deep within her belly.  I
realized her electrified movements might flip her off the bed so she
would crack her skull open on the floor, so I dragged her back to the
head of the bed and locked the two set of handcuffs dangling from the
wall to the bar holding her knees apart.  She could rattle and twist
sideways in her futile attempts to relieve the fire in her loins, but
she was safe from injuring herself falling off the bed.  I dressed,
laughing and humming, interrupting my tune to laugh out loud at the
sight of Karen's anguished gyrations, and I put on my coat and left to
get some fresh air, such as it exists in this city.

***

I took the train back to my apartment, fed the cats, watered the
plants, tried to eat, but I was too wired.  I knew I'd have to force
some food into the piece of tail I had waiting for me back in the
hotel room in Times Square, though, or she'd be too weak to be much
fun after a few more "sessions", unless I cranked her up like I was.
But frankly, I didn't want to waste any of my blow on her.  Though I
imagined it would be one HELLUVA ride, bucking around on some bound
down wench who was speeding her ass off.  I decided to save that
experiment for another time, another girl.

I walked around the neighborhood, nodding at Mrs. Levitz, smiling at
the two queers on Neighborhood Watch that night who lived on the first
floor of my walk-up.  There was a deli around the block that closed at
midnight, I stopped in there for some rolls, none of the cold cuts
were worth shit; I was too cranked still, and frankly, their cheese
was tough and the olive loaf, Oscar fucking Mayer made better, but it
still beat chili dogs from the 7-Eleven, so I grabbed some anyway.

I paced around my apartment, did a couple hard laps on the Stairmaster
through Letterman's monologue, showered, paced, climbed the fucking
walls, and headed back to the room over the arcade.  I had pussy on my
brain, my dick wouldn't stay down, I needed at that tasty little bitch
I'd left tied to the bed.  I paced the subway train the whole way
back; bums were edging away from me, I was acting so juiced.

When I arrived, I dumped the food on the dresser, hung up my jacket,
and immediately skimmed off my shoes, socks, pants and briefs and sat
down on the little chair next to the bed, to stroke my raging boner,
swilling one of the beers I kept stashed in the little fridge in the
closet.  I drink like a guppy when I'm "on", it's partly why I work
out so much, to avoid a damn beer gut.

I stroked my cock, watching Karen resting as best she could,
sweat-soaked and exhausted, her legs bent double over the bar and
secured to the rings in the wall, undulating slowly as the vibrator
coated with muscle liniment I'd crammed in her cunt before I'd left
continued to do it's work.  She'd probably been coming for well over
an hour; it was past 1am, and the \Heet/ had long since stopped
burning inside her.  I knew from experience that the effect only
really lasted 15, maybe 20 minutes.  She was moaning gutturally,
drooling around the ball gag, rolling her head from side to side,
hardly aware that I was there, she was so lost in her own pleasure.

I pulled the gag from Karen's mouth, and she lay there with her jaw
hanging open.  I'm sure it ached from being forced open for so long.
I'd need to take the tape off her body soon and truss her up with the
leather harnesses I kept stored in the closet; the tape would leave
nasty residue and tear at her skin, give her a nasty rash, if I left
it there too long.  She needed to be blemish free in a little over a
day.  I placed the piece of her shirt that I'd used to wipe the
shaving cream off her cunt with over the spot where my cum had leaked
out of her ass after I'd taken it's cherry, and I unhooked the knee
spreader bar from the wall and grabbed her unprotesting, bound body by
the shoulders and dragged it down the length of the bed so that she
was now in the center of the bed with her head pointing towards the
foot.

I was intending to have some fun with her in the shower; she needed to
be freshened up for the next phase of my little private party, but my
prick was insisting on another lick at her still fresh asshole.  I
rolled this little fourteen-year-old honey onto her stomach, and cut
the tape that was securing her ankles to her thighs and removed the
bar that was holding her knees lewdly spread.  I knew I couldn't keep
her immobilized like that for too much longer without crippling her.

Her calves stayed folded against the backs of her thighs; I pulled
roughly on her ankles, stretching her leg muscles by force.  She
screamed at the tearing pain in her calf muscles and hamstrings.
Unused to their new freedom, they strained to remain contracted.  I
knelt on the back of her ankles and began cutting away the tape that
created the harness that was holding the vibrating dildo jammed in her
snatch, tearing at the tape, knowing that the quick burning pain as it
ripped from her flesh would hardly quiet the agony coursing through
the backs of her legs.  Her shrieking did escalate though as I tore
the heavy tape from her bald, shaved twat, and her screaming was
exciting my lust to such a peak that I had to have her, right then, in
the ass, with that dildo still jammed in her pussy.

I grabbed her slim young hips and pulled her to her knees.  Her
screaming turned to moans of pleasure as her new kneeling position
eased the pain in her calf muscles, and the dildo slid pleasurably
inside her.  Kneeling over her slim frame, I pulled her ass cheeks
wide apart, and pressed the bulging head of my cock against the button
of her ass.  I didn't think it was going to fit this time, with her
cunt filled by that vibrator, but I found that she reflexively
constricted and then immediately relaxed her ass muscle when I
walloped her buttocks, so spanking and thrusting in careful rhythm, I
slowly managed to force my thick cock into the narrow tight channel of
her rectum.

It was the most incredible sensation, that vibrator stuffed into her
gash purring against my throbbing rod buried in her neighboring
tunnel. I could feel the heat of the motor that had been running for
almost two hours, I could feel every nub through the tightly stretched
walls of her cunt, if I hadn't been so cranked I would've shot off
right then as soon as I popped this little bitch, but it was almost as
if I couldn't come if I had wanted to, and I started slowly grinding
my dick in her ass as Karen shrieked and twisted beneath the punishing
action of my meat slowly moving deep inside her.

I had just enough control to realize that there truly was a danger of
rupturing her, as unused to fanny fucking as she was. I pulled out and
flipped her over on her back, and grabbing the back of her knees I
pushed her legs towards her chest and re-penetrated her, with that
incredible vibrator still massaging my tool.  I knelt back then so I
was actually sitting on my heels, with her legs around my sides and my
dick buried up her ass.  I had a clear grip on the base of the dong,
her bald plump mound displayed there in my lap.

Karen lay there and moaned, pitifully prone, as I started fucking her,
and myself, with the dildo buried in her box, reaming it into her
faster and harder as it rubbed up and down the length of my shaft from
inside her body, its head bumping along the ridge of mine as I slammed
it into her.  I pulled at her plump pussy lips with my free hand,
pinching and twisting them painfully, alternately slapping her belly
so that her groin muscles would contract, involuntarily milking my
cock.  Finally though, after masturbating myself from inside her
bowels with this humming dildo, I really needed to HUMP her.  I pulled
the dildo out of her snatch, her juices dripping wetly from her slit,
drooling off the head of the dong, shining multi-colored in the dim
glow of the Christmas lights, and she groaned in relief even as I
curled her legs back and knelt over her and started really banging
down into her butt.  I leaned all the way over her so that I was
biting and clawing at her tits; she started rocking in rhythm with my
cock grinding in her ass, grunting more in pleasure than pain now even
as I mauled her.

"Tell me you WANT it, whore!,"  I punctuated this order with a deep
hard thrust that made her yelp.

"No.." she moaned, tears leaking from her swollen eyes.

I pinched her clit between my fingernails as I pulled completely out
of her and then brutally re-penetrated, my balls slapping against her
curled spine as I speared her, my hairy belly slamming into her cleft
buttocks.

"Tell me YOU WANT IT!," I roared.  She was about to come, and I would
MAKE her beg me this time.  I ground my hips in a circular motion, my
cock twisting in the depth of her bowels.  Karen moaned, her eyes
squeezed tightly shut as she writhed helplessly, skewered on my rod.
"Beg me to fuck you, deeper, HARDER!"  I slapped her face, keeping
tempo with my damaging thrusts, again and again, as she moaned and
twisted, my cock reaming in and out of her rectum, tearing her open,
the tight muscle of her ass gripping my cock as I rammed it home,
twisting slightly, knowing the angle would cause her excruciating
pain.

She shrieked, and began begging, wailing patheticly.  "Please..."  she
screamed, as my cock burrowed into her, " please..  fuck me."  She
started to sob, rocking helplessly, sliding back and forth as my cock
pushed into her.  Completely broken, at last.  "Fuck me."  she
wailed.  "fuck me."

I slammed into her.

"please..."  she begged, her voice rising hysterically as my thick hot
pole tortured the warm walls of her rectum.  "fuck me."

"Tell me HOW!"  I yelled at her, humping furiously, as I started
slapping her upturned twat, feeling the juices of her lust pouring out
of it even as my prick tortured her ass.

"Fuck me HARDER!"  she wailed, twisting in agony, impaled on my meat.
"Please!" she shrieked, between thrusts.  "Hard.  Fuck me HARD!"

I complied with her demands, slamming into her with one last brutal
stroke; a wailing shriek like I'd never heard before in my "career"
ripped from her lungs, and I came then, her pleading words and
agonized screams pushing me over the edge. I pulled out of her ass,
the last drops of cum dribbling from the eye of my prick.  I was in
such a frenzy still that my dick didn't even really go soft, only
sagged.  Karen lay on her back, humping the air as a powerful orgasm
ripped through her young body, an orgasm *I* had tortured out of her.
I grabbed my belt and started whaling the lower half of her prone
torso, my blows landing across her pelvis and lower belly, meeting her
thrusts.  She twisted and wailed as I continued to lash at her, and
yet she humped up to meet the blows, grinding and twisting her hips in
ecstasy.

Finally my frenzy was spent.  

Karen lay there covered in sweat, sobbing silently, her belly, crotch,
and upper legs a brilliant, swollen red, breathing raggedly, her face
red and tear-stained.  Her breasts were decorated with my teeth marks,
smaller red welts dotting the upper part of her torso where I had
clawed her in my passion.  

I stood, sweating and now nearly erect again from the beating I'd just
given this juicy little tart, contemplating the fruits of my passion.

"You've never felt that much pleasure in your life."

She turned away and sobbed silently, involuntarily humping her hips in
the after shocks of this last orgasm I'd wrung from her.

"Look at me!"  I growled at her.

This time she twisted her head and stared into my face.

I smiled down at her.  Sal would find this one well trained when he
picked her up.

"We're going to have to wash you out inside so I can fuck you in the
pussy again," I informed her.  She started whimpering and dribbling
tears.  I liked when she cried it made her look like a little girl.

"But first you have to eat.  There's the tuna sandwich I brought you
this afternoon, or there's cold cuts, salami, cheese, olive loaf."  I
watched as she lay on her back, legs spread, mutely shivering, her
arms still bound to her sides.  "I'm not having you fainting on me
from hunger."

She stared mutely into space.

"You can eat something or I can fill your ass like I filled your cunt
earlier while I was gone."  I watched as her whole body spasmed
involuntarily at the mention of her raw, raped rectum being filled
with burning ointment.

"Can you untie my hands to eat?"  She asked me then.  I smiled.  

"I think I can do that."

I returned from the closet with a longer spreader bar, the longest one
I had.  She was incredibly limber, and lay passively as I fastened an
ankle to each end of the bar with the thick leather straps, and locked
the closures with small padlocks.  Her legs were spread at more than a
90o angle, her pussy lewdly exposed.  I sat her up and roughly tore
the duct tape from her body, smiling at her futile efforts to hide the
pain she was feeling.  She ate then, three rolls, a half pound of
salami, two pickles, half the tuna sandwich, and three glasses of
water.  I wouldn't allow her a beer, god only knew if it would make
her puke.

"Boy fucking really makes you hungry," I remarked, returning to the
closet to produce a thick leather belt that I then buckled around her
waist.  It had two leather cuffs attached to the back that I secured
her wrists with.  I don't like to restrain the people I bone *too*
much; I know that it freaks some of them out pretty bad which always
juices me, but it gets in the way of the skin-on-skin grinding that I
really like, all those harnesses and shit just mean less flesh to
spank and poke and bite.

I pushed Karen onto her back, knowing her arms would be painfully bent
beneath her, as I prepared the shower.  She was whimpering low in her
throat, afraid of what unknown new games I had planned.  The fun would
really begin, now that I'd taught this little piece of ass some new
things about pain and pleasure and had properly busted in her
butt-muscle.



The hotel was old, which meant it had a real shower, a tub, with a
shower curtain, not one of those goddamn telephone booth stalls you
find now in cheap hotels.  A few months earlier I had screwed some
heavy duty hooks into the beams in the ceiling, and I hummed happily
as I hooked the end of two heavy chains to two of the hooks.

Dragging Karen off the bed by the armpits I wrestled her awkwardly
through the bathroom door and laid her on the floor.  I then grabbed
the spreader bar and hoisted her body off of the ground and attached
it to the two hooks on the ends of the chains so she was suspended,
upside down, her hair hanging to the bottom of the tub, facing
outward.  She was twisting and shrieking, terrified at being suspended
upside down like this with her hands trussed up to the back of her
waist.  

I sat down on the end of the tub and since she was taller than most of
the pussy and ass I'd suspended over the last few months, her head was
right at my crotch; I didn't need to stand to get my cock into her
mouth.

Sitting there on the end of the tub, I grabbed her head and thrust my
dick up into her mouth as she screamed hysterically.  The warmth of
her mouth contrasted sharply with the cool porcelain against my ass,
and as hysterically afraid as seemed to be of being suspended like
this, she continued to attempt to scream, opening her throat and
allowing me to thrust and hump up into her neck.  From this angle I
could SEE my cock pushing out the walls of her esophagus; it was
almost enough to make me come just WATCHING my dick sliding up and
down inside her, but I felt her begin to choke reflexively after only
two or three thrusts, and horrified that she might puke, I quickly
pulled out of her.  She seemed to regain her grip somewhat, and
started begging and howling for me to let her down.  She was so
completely freaked that I knew that torturing her would be pointless,
wasted.  Instead, I worked on calming her down.  While she continued
to scream and twist, I began rubbing on her clit, and I gently thrust
the nozzle of a full tube of one of those gel shampoos down into her
vagina and squeezed almost the entire contents into her, rubbing and
rolling the heel of my palm around her clit.  Her breathing was
slowing down, my unexpected gentleness having the desired effect.  I
left her there for only a moment as I went to retrieve my waterproof
vibrator from my seemingly bottomless bag of toys.  Gently, with the
shampoo acting as a lubricant, I pushed the vibrator into her pussy,
green sticky shampoo oozing out around the lips and dribbling between
the cheeks of her ass, and down the front of her belly.  I rubbed her
clit now slickly coated with the goo, and started pistoning the
vibrator in and out of her, working the shampoo into a thick white
foam as she stopped shrieking finally and began moaning and thrusting
her hips in the air.  Just as she was about to come, I pulled the
vibrator out of her body and knelt down to look into her upside down
face.  Her eyes were glazed with lust, and she moaned softly.

"You want me to fuck you now, don't you?"  I asked her.

She moaned softly.  "yes"

"You want my big hard cock in your tight little pussy, don't you?" I
asked my young prize.  I smiled when she didn't answer me.  I still
had a few surprises left.

I took the hose which I had attached to the tub spout, and turned the
water to a gentle flow, sliding the nozzle into her cunt, the lukewarm
stream washing the shampoo from inside her, white rivulets of foam
running down the front and back of her body.  The warm water filling
her insides and flowing down her body was starting to arouse her
again, and I helped her along, soliticously rubbing her nub for her.
As she neared her climax, I turned off the cold water and waited as
the temperature slowly rose inside her.  She began moaning, at first
the heat exciting her more, and then she started writhing, the hot
water burning her sore, chafed, tortured cunt-walls.  Her belly pumped
futilely, trying to oust the hose snaking into her, but I held it
steady as she swayed, screaming shrilly as the water burned inside
her.  I sat down again on the end of the tub, my dick jutting skyward
as I imagined her agony, pleased with my ingenuity.  Satisfied that
the hose would not slip out of her, I grabbed her head and again
thrust up into her mouth, so aroused that I no longer cared if she did
barf on my cock; I would make her lick it off me if she did.  Her long
hair hung down between my legs, rubbing my balls as I fucked up into
her throat, her body twisting from the neck as the water pulsed into
her pussy, not *quite* hot enough to actually scald her.

I grabbed the back of her head and began thrusting faster, one hand
caressing the front of Karen's throat, feeling my cock as it
traveled up and down inside her neck, the other hand holding her
head steady.  The water coursing down her body really was hot; though
when it reached me it had cooled somewhat, and actually excited me so
that I would thrust with an especially hard jolt up into her warm wet
mouth as the drops landed on my flesh.  Again though, I felt her
struggling weaken and knew she was going to suffocate soon.

I'm not a necrophiliac and I still wanted to fuck this little bitch
over the next few days, so I reluctantly pulled my woodie from her
mouth and let her catch her breath as I rubbed the head of my cock
over her face.  I held her head steady, pressing my dickhead into her
eyelids, rubbing it over her cheeks, around her nose, across her chin,
every now and then fucking into her wet gasping mouth for a few quick
strokes.  

I continued this for a while, alternately rubbing her face with my
cock and then fucking her mouth in short quick strokes.  She gasped
for air between strokes, not having time to shriek as I would thrust
back into her and block her vocal cords.  As I fucked her face, I
tried to keep an eye on the water spilling from her cunt.  When at
last it ran clear, with no trace of the sudsy shampoo that I had
filled her with, I reluctantly pulled my cock from her mouth and
slipped the hose from her pussy lips.

She began moaning and crying now that she had caught her breath,
thankfully she hadn't barfed as I crammed my meat into her maw, but
she wasn't hysterical anymore now that the hose had stopped running.

I needed to be really sure that all the liniment was out of her cunt;
I didn't want any nasty surprises if there were some residue sticking
to her cervix when the sensitive head of my dick pounded into it, so I
stood up and reached two fingers into her snatch which was about at
the level of my breastbone.  Karen's screams increased in intensity,
her pussy muscle clenching at my fingers as she tried unsuccessfully
to keep them from pushing into its painfully swollen depth.  I rubbed
my fingers around the wet but un-lubricated walls, re-assured that
there was no slick hot liniment still lurking.  I re-inserted my hand,
this time cupping it to penetrate with all five fingers.  Karen
thrashed her head around in circles; she shrieked and wailed and
twisted and swayed on the chains as I relentlessly pushed my hand down
into her tortured snatch, finally my fingers hit bottom, my hand
completely buried in her, her red swollen pussy lips hotly griping my
wrist. I scraped the tips of my fingers along the entrance to her
womb, re-assured that I would not burn the tender head of my cock when
I boned her.

Slowly, I made a fist inside Karen's cunt, and began fucking her.
Slowly at first, feeling the clutching heat grip my arm as I pumped my
fist in her pussy, her shrieking reverberating deafeningly off the
smooth tiled walls.  I picked up the pace, now punching down into her
body, fucking her hard with my hand, rubbing my rigid bone against her
belly as she writhed and shrieked while I plundered her tender swollen
depths.  

Satisfied for the moment, I pulled the length of my arm from Karen's
pussy and went back to prepare the bed.

I pulled off the filthy cum- shit- and blood-crusted sheets, and
rolled them up in a pile at the bottom of the closet, and laid the
remaining blanket over the worn, stained mattress.  The majority of
those stains probably belonged to me.

I took Karen down from where she hung and laid her out on her back on
the bed.  She started whimpering, begging me not to fuck her.

"Please!"  she wailed pitifully.  "It hurts too much"

I rummaged around in the paper bag and returned with a large rubber
dildo.

I ignored her pleas.  "This time I'm going to fuck you in the cunt
while I shove a dildo in your ass."

Karen started thrashing her head, the only part of her body she could
still move easily.  "No!"  she shrieked.  "No.. no...  "

She continued crying as I climbed onto the bed.  I like to have their
legs free when I fuck them, I've found that damn bar gets in the way
at the worst times, so I released her legs from the cuffs and put the
bar back in the closet for later.  She immediately clamped her knees
together when I went to the closet.

"Open your knees!"  I yelled at her when I returned to the bed. She
kept her knees closed; she must've really been sore inside to risk
what I was about to do to her. 

I was furious.

I grabbed my belt from the dresser, and lashed the little whore square
across her breasts.  She arched her back as best she could with her
arms bound beneath her, digging her heels into the bed, and let loose
an ear-splitting scream.  I struck her again, aiming for her nipples,
laying stripe after stripe across every inch of her precious boobs.
She was thrashing furiously, screaming horrificly, her legs now spread
as wide as she could spread them, too late complying with my orders.

"FUCK ME!" she shrieked, her limber fourteen-year-old body gyrating
helplessly under my lashing blows.

"PLEASE!"  she wailed louder still as I continued raining blow after
blow across her tortured breasts.  My cock was jutting from my groin
then, straining towards her loins.  I crawled between her spread legs,
the rubber rod clutched in my right hand.

"Lift up your knees!"  I ordered Karen, slapping her belly before she
had a chance to comply.  Terrified, she lifted her knees towards her
chest.

Crazed with lust from the thrashing I had just administered, I grabbed
the back of her left leg and pushed it further towards her chest,
exposing her swollen, wrinkled asshole.  Her belly was twitching in
terror, she was too frightened to speak, staring at me wild-eyed,
breathing raggedly, in great gulping gasps.

I pushed the rubber dong against her sphincter, twisting and
thrusting, cruelly driving it up into her dry, unlubed ass still sore
from the last two times I'd fucked it.  Karen moaned and twisted,
biting her lip, afraid to cry out.  I drove the length of the fake
cock all the way into her until the narrowed base plunged through her
sphincter, the muscle involuntarily holding the dong inside her
rectum.


My heart was pounding in my chest, pumping blood toward my engorged
cock, and I grabbed Karen's right leg and leaned over her and pushed
my big fat cock into her swollen pussy, and she did cry out then; her
head arched back, every muscle stiffened, and she rolled her head from
side to side as my cock tore relentlessly into her box, narrowed by
the dildo embedded in her ass.  It was was almost painful for me, my
thick, hot meat scraping against dry swollen walls, the recent hot
shampoo douche and subsequent fist-fucking having washed any trace of
lubrication out of her, but in my crazed state it felt pleasurable,
and though at first I couldn't fully penetrate her, I pulled out and
slammed in harder, each frenzied thrust opening her swollen snatch up
a little more.

"Tell me how you want it bitch!"  I growled at her through clenched
teeth as I humped furiously between her legs, driving my hips harder
and harder until finally my cock head slammed into her cervix; her
shrieking increasing in volume as my rod finally managed to completely
split her open.

When she didn't respond to me, I let go of her legs and grabbed the
red flaming globes of her breasts, using them to pull myself up her
body as I thrust myself between her legs, humping faster and harder
than I thought I knew how.  She lay beneath me, shrieking and
writhing, lost in agony as I mauled her tortured tits, my cock
brutally torturing her already sore pussy as it reamed back and forth
along the dildo buried in the adjacent channel.

"Tell me how you want it you little slut!"  I ordered Karen again, as
I lurched on top of her, cruelly punishing her with my cock.

I felt the jism begin to rise, my nuts were tightening, and I knew I
was about to come.

"TELL ME TO FUCK YOU!"  I bellowed at the girl twisting and writhing
beneath me, pinned to the bed by my pistoning dick buried in her cunt.
I rammed in and out of her with as much energy as I had, pushing her
back towards the head of the bed.

"TELL ME!"  I ordered her again, furious at her resistance, twisting
the raw flesh of her breasts cruelly as I rode her, holding back my
orgasm, waiting for her to break, to tell me she wanted it, to beg me
to fuck her.

"FUCK ME!"  Karen shrieked finally, screaming as loud as she could,
unable to resist as I mauled her tits with my hands, mauled her cunt
with my turgid meat.  "FUCK ME HARDER! FUCK ME!  FUCK ME! PLEASE FUCK
ME!"

I slammed into her again and again, exulting in the sensation of the
underside of my cock sliding along the length of the fake cock in her
ass, as the sperm boiled out of my nuts, shooting deep into Karen's
swollen twat, squeezing out around my shaft as I continued thrusting
into that narrow channel while my dick slowly softened.


I rolled off of my hot little piece of tail as she lay, still writhing
and hiccupping, sobbing uncontrollably, no longer shrieking now that
my soft dick had slipped from her tight little pussy.

"God you are good, baby," I groaned, finally spent.  I looked at the
clock, and it was nearly 4am, three hours since I'd returned.  I was
coming off the speed rush finally, and I needed to do a few more hits
and take a walk around the neighborhood.  I didn't intend to sleep
until after I delivered THIS wench.  She was turning out to be too good
for my dick to forget about; and I hadn't even thought she'd be my
type.  I had a good twenty-four hours of hard fucking left in her
before I needed to clean her up and get her presentable.

I rolled up to a sitting position, and went in and started the shower
while I rolled Karen over and tied her legs spread-eagled to the foot
of the bed.  She wouldn't be lying on her arms all the while I was
gone, she'd really be reasonably comfortable, even with the dildo
still shoved up her ass.

I went back to my shower, humming happily, my prick satisfied for the
moment.


***

4am on Times Square, Tuesday morning, speeding my ass off.  Cold and
damp, "the city that makes it's own gravy" according to Letterman.
Wearing just a pair of jeans, a white t-shirt, and my leather jacket,
my prize possession, though I don't own a bike, never even been on
one.  If I hadn't been so juiced I would've been freezing my ass off.
But when I'm in this state, nothing but time gets me down, and I
cruised the neighborhood, mostly sightseeing, nodding to Chris, the
6'2" transvestite whore who worked Nunzio's arcade. I'd boned him once
out of curiosity, but found the experience... lacking.  I don't know,
maybe I'm jaded, or maybe I just like doing unwilling kids.  Because
boy this little bitch I had locked up kept making my dick jump every
time my thoughts wandered back to her firm little body.  I tried to
choke down a bag of fries at the McD's but damn you know how it is
when you're wired.

The lights, the bums, the guys trying to sell you pencil-shaving
joints from a big baggie while the cops pick their noses and practice
twirling their batons, there's nothing like it.  Maybe Amsterdam, I've
heard, but I don't know, I don't get out much.  Been to Philly once,
what a pit.

I stopped in this 24 hour drugstore, some crazy Dot ran the place.
It's actually pretty safe, out in the middle of the city like that,
all lit up.  Too many fucking people around for a good crash-n-grab
artist.  Mostly I was wandering, letting the crank blow through my
veins, get it really circulating good.  I was gearing up to start the
real home stretch session with my little honey and I wanted to be in
rare form.  By this afternoon I'd have to start taking it easy, at
least as far as the visible part of her body was concerned.

I was just browsing the store.  Straight pins.  Nail clippers.  Paper
clips.  Getting ideas.  I returned to the hotel room with my little
bag of office supplies in my jacket pocket.

Sitting down on the chair next to the bed, I gulped another beer from
the little fridge, rubbing myself as I stared at Karen's prone form,
secured face down, her legs tied to the ends of the bed spread
invitingly wide, exposing to view my cum drying on the lips of her
pussy and the blanket where it had leaked.

She was lying quietly, her long hair splayed about her shoulders,
breathing softly.  Perhaps she'd been sleeping; I hadn't been gone
more than an hour, it was 5am by the clock on the dresser.

She turned her head to look at me, her arms still secured to the back
of her waist by the strong leather belt circling her torso.  I sat
without speaking, continuing to rub myself and gulp my beer as we
stared at each other in the dim illumination of the Christmas lights.
It was taking me longer to get good and hard now; I'd used up a good
deal of my cum and energy over the last 12 hours and hadn't rested at
all; but my dick was coming back to life and when I got it all the way
up, the crank would keep me and my cock going for as long as I wanted.
I opened another beer, and moved onto the bed to kneel between Karen's
spread legs.  I was still clothed, still wearing my jacket, though I'd
taken my shoes off when I came in.  They were wet, dirty.  I don't
like dirt.

I hadn't spoken a word since I'd returned.  Still without speaking, I
took the base of the dildo in her ass in my free hand and began slowly
pistoning it in Karen's upturned butt as I gulped more beer.  It was
tight and dry; I could see ample blood coating the shaft each time I
pulled it out.  Karen had begun crying again, but most of her
resistance seemed to have drained and she lay there as I fucked that
dildo into her sore sore rectum, as she moaned and twisted her
buttocks.

Taking some pity on her, I poured some of the beer onto the shaft of
the rubber rod for lubrication, and slowly continued poling out her
ass with the fake cock as I finished off my beer.  I needed to do
something to really get me up again, though, and I knew the best thing
for that was a really fine whipping.  I'd contained myself to merely
beating her with my belt; I was ready for the real thing now.

Releasing her legs from the ropes that bound them to the bed, I freed
Karen's hands from the cuffs attaching them to the belt around her
waist, and rolled her over and removed the belt.  I let her lie there
unbound as I returned to the closet to retrieve the implements I would
need to properly bind her for the next stage of her ordeal.  She lay
unmoving; I was unconcerned that she would try to leave, sure that the
lower half of her body would not respond well after having been so
brutally used over the last twelve or so hours.

I pushed Karen's legs back against her chest and used one of those
nylon belts to strap the backs of her knees to the sides of her chest
so that she was bent double at the hips.  You know those straps, the
kind that you can buy at camping supply places, they have one of those
plastic clips that releases when you squeeze it, and they're
adjustable.  I used some of the handy duct tape to bind her arms
together behind the backs of her knees.

Lying on her back like that, her pussy and butthole were wonderfully
displayed, and I had to stop for a moment to stroke my hardening cock
through the front of my jeans, re-arrange it to a more comfortable
position.

Karen had started to whimper.  Remember I hadn't said a word to my
little belly warmer since I'd returned, and she was probably wondering
what I was going to do to her now.  I rather liked this new stage we'd
entered, me doing whatever I pleased to her young body while she
simply waited, wild-eyed.  Slowly, almost gently, I pulled the dildo
from her ass and she grunted as the head popped through her sphincter
muscle.  I gingerly took the latex cock into the bathroom and dropped
it in the bottom of the tub; I would hose it off later.

Her rectum experienced only a temporary freedom; I returned to my bag
of goodies, and greased up the large black nubbed vibrator that had
tortured her cunt earlier, and without warning thrust it all the way
up into her ass.  Karen moaned and tears rolled down the sides of her
face, but bound as she was, she could only rock, very slightly,
forward and backward.  With her hips splayed the way they were she had
almost no sideways motion.

With the first cock embedded in her ass I wanted to stuff Karen's
forward channel as well, before proceeding with her whipping.  I
produced another vibrating dong from my bag of tricks, and taking pity
on her poor tortured snatch, I lubed this one up as well and thrust it
down into her upturned box.  She cried out as I forced the dildo into
her pussy; even lubed, the channel was tight, sore, and swollen nearly
shut, made smaller by the dong already filling her butt.  I turned the
vibrators on the lowest speed, and as she got used to them filling
her, she started to moan her pleasure.

My cock was growing painfully against my fly, the bulging head
straining to peek out the waist-band, and so I slipped my jeans and
briefs off.  I must've looked pretty silly standing naked from the
waist down with a half-hard cock circled by a leather studded
cock-ring twitching in the breeze, still wearing my leather jacket and
t-shirt, but fuckit, my juicy little piece of tail wasn't laughing at
me, that's all I knew.  As the vibrators did their work inside her,
Karen's moans started to increase in intensity, and I drew my favorite
whip from my toy box.  I lashed between this teen's legs; with perfect
aim I laid a stripe length-wise along her pussy, the tip of the lash
catching her clitoris squarely.

A goddawful caterwaul ripped from Karen's lungs when the whip landed
on her naked twat and kissed her clit; my cock jumped straight up in
the air at the sound of her scream and the sight of that artful stripe
that I'd laid so perfectly down the middle of her snatch.  I rained
blow after blow then onto her exposed pussy, drawing back with all my
force and aiming first for one side, then the other, raising bright
red stripes along the plump bulge of her cunny, pulling my cock
furiously with my other hand as Karen's screams intensified in volume
and hysteria.  I aimed for the tender area where her legs met her
crotch, lacing her inner thighs with neatly placed stripes,
periodically lashing her tender swollen clit to hear her scream in
un-rivalled agony, my cock each time threatening to leap from my groin
and burrow into her un-assisted by the rest of me.  Even as I lashed
her, I knew she must be getting aroused, the force of the whip landing
along the base of the vibrator driving it into her cunt a bit each
time I struck.  Still thinking of her re-sale value, I stopped just
short of drawing blood, and flipped her over so that she was kneeling
with her butt up in the air, her shoulders pressed against the bed,
her cheeks widely spread, exposed to my cruel ministrations.  I lashed
down between the cheeks of her ass, the whip licking along the tender
edges of her violated butt muscle, as Karen shrieked and wailed,
completely helpless as I drove the vibrator deeper into her with each
searing blow.  The inside cheeks of her ass were now covered by an
un-distinguishable mass of angry red stripes; Karen was hoarse from
screaming, able to emit only rasping grunts of agony as she twisted
her head from side to side against the bed, drooling and crying.  My
cock was dancing in front of me, its full fat ten inches straining
towards her exposed loins.  I flipped Karen back over on her back and
turned the vibrators wedged in her cunt and asshole up on high and
began rubbing up and down along her tortured private parts as she
thrashed her head and wailed helplessly.  My cock needed a taste of
her delicious little pussy, and I lusted to grind my hips brutally
against this young teen's raw, whipped loins.

I cut her arms free from her knees; I'm sure she hardly noticed the
sensation of the tape pulled from her body, with her pussy and ass so
freshly whipped occupying all her attention.  I attached her arms back
to the cuffs on the wall over her head, and released the strap binding
her knees to her chest.  She moved to lower her legs; shrieking in
agony she quickly pulled them back into position, the whipping having
made it more desirable for her not to move than to protect her exposed
genitals.

I smiled then, and pulled the vibrators from inside of her and
deposited them with the one already lying in the bottom of the shower.
The vibrator I pulled from her cunt trailed long strings of slime that
attested to her arousal.

Karen lay with her knees pulled up to her chest, her arms stretched
over her head making her breast jut out nicely, the angry red area of
her tortured loins begging me to grind my hips there.  I grabbed the
backs of her knees, still not having spoken to her in the time I'd
been back, and thrust the full length of my shaft deep into her moist
depths.  She shrieked hysterically and arched her back as I slammed
the head of my cock into the entrance of her young womb, this time not
from the pain of my cock battering her cervix, but from my hairy loins
grinding against her swollen, tortured pussy-lips.

Karen's box was INCREDIBLY wet and slippery; the whipping had excited
her more than I'd expected, and I lurched on top of this little
fourteen-year-old slut, sliding my dick in and out of her snatch as it
convulsively gripped my shaft each time my groin slapped into the
tender red flesh of her whipped snatch.  Even though she shrieked as
if I was killing her, her cunt sucked at my stick, pulling me into
her, begging me to slam her raw flesh, hurt her BETTER.  I felt her
belly beginning to tighten, and I didn't want her to come yet.

I pulled my meat out of her box, dripping with the juicy evidence of
how much my pain had pleasured her, and remembering the bag of
"supplies" in my jacket pocket, I retrieved a box of push pins.

I grabbed her right nipple with my right hand and pinched the little
nub firmly between my thumb and forefinger; with my other hand I
pushed one of the pins relentlessly into the center of the nub,
driving the 1/4" length of the pin all the way into her flesh.  I left
the little nail embedded in her nipple, smiling as she screamed and
thrashed her head, and drove another one into her left nipple.

Satisfied with this new level of cruelty, I thrust my cock back into
Karen's cunt, slamming into her abused twat as I simultaneously
pressed and twisted the tacks in her teats.  Karen grunted and moaned,
thrashing hysterically, the agony in her loins competing with the
torture of her tits, even as this child's cunt continued coating my
cock with it's declarations of pleasure as my meat ground insistently
into its depths.  I felt her about to orgasm again, and I leaned
forward and pulled the push-pins from her nipples, as blood began to
leak like red milk from the tips of her breasts.  I grabbed Karen's
tits roughly, pushing my cock up into her, rubbing my loins against
her brutalized flesh, and began sucking the blood from her breasts,
slamming into her especially hard, enjoying the sensations of her near
spastic contortions as I ground myself between her legs and chewed at
her bosom; I slid up her body as I fucked her, blood from her
punctured titties staining my t-shirt, and pried her mouth open and
began frenching this little slut, thrusting my tongue deep into her
mouth, sharing the blood of her breasts with her, kissing her wetly,
redly, staining her mouth and face a wet crimson as I simultaneously
sucked fucked and kissed this hot little wench.  Karen was crying and
twisting beneath me as I lay on top of her, moving insistently inside
her, her cunt-walls gripping me hotly.

I needed to take this all up a notch.  Frankly, I was enjoying my
catch so much that I no longer cared if she had any retail value after
I was done with her, I just wanted to get my rocks off.  From my
pocket I produced a small box of straight pins.

I sat back up on my heels, and with my cock still buried in Karen's
snatch, I clutched her left breast and drove one of the pins into the
edge of her areola; Karen shrieked and twisted, but with her arms
bound and my cock in her cunt she couldn't move much.  Her twisting on
my cock only excited me more, as each pin I pressed into her nipples
caused waves of anguish to ripple through her body and massage my
dick.

Her pleasure centers were so confused, so overloaded with pain that
they were reporting it back to her as ecstasy.  My cock was sliding
easily now in Karen's cunt; too easily give me enough pleasure.  I
like fucking young girls BECAUSE they're tight and dry.

Pulling out of her, I unlocked Karen's hands from the wall over her
head.  She immediately went to clutch at her tits, remove the
instruments of torture, but I slapped her hands back, still never
having spoken to her the whole time I'd been balling her.  I pulled
her to a sitting position and cuffed her hands behind her back, then
forced her back onto her back.

I smiled down at Karen as I knelt between her legs, my cock dancing,
my shirt stained with the small quantity of blood I had tortured from
her breasts.

"So, you little slut, you're awful hot for it this morning."  It was
going on six, I'd been at her for about an hour now.  I was starting
to sweat in my jacket, but it gave me a kick wearing it, it seemed to
intimidate this little bitch even more.  Karen stared at me,
wild-eyed, nostrils flared.

"Tell me how you want it."  I smiled cruelly.  Really, I bared my
teeth at her more than smiled.

Karen breathed hard, staring at my psychotic speed-crazed face, blood
still leaking from the tips of her breasts.

"hard."  she whispered, terrified at what she saw in my face.  "fuck
me hard."

I grinned.

"If you say so," I grabbed her hips and flipped her over.  Karen
screamed as her breasts smashed into the bed, driving the many pins in
her nipples deeper into her sensitive breast tissue, small red spots
appearing on the blanket where the punctured tips made contact.  I
supposed I was probably destroying some milk ducts or something, but
for all the pleasure I was getting from this healthy little
dick-warmer, I hardly cared that some potential brat might not be able
to suck his mamma's titty.

I lay down on top of Karen's back and thrust my cock into the
tortured, whipped crack of her ass, splitting the ring of her chafed,
abused sphincter with my cockhead and ramming my dick into her rectum,
as she howled helplessly, a bit of lubricant from the dildo that I had
recently jammed in there easing the way only a bit.  My added weight on
Karen's back crushed her tits more cruelly yet, driving the pins even
deeper into her as I ground myself in her ass.

The cuffs securing Karen's hands behind her were digging into my gut,
though, so I pulled out of her ass and grabbing her hips I pulled this
tasty little bitch to a kneeling position, her screaming increasing as
her tits dragged along the bed, her punctured nipples leaving a thin
red streak along the blanket, the pins twisting inside her breasts
tearing the flesh.  I split her ass-cheeks and thrust my hard fat ten
inches deep into her chute, ramming in and out of it's soft hot depth.
Karen wailed as her breasts were pulled back and forth along the bed
by my thrusting in her ass; she shrieked anew when I leaned over her
and reached around to cruelly twist her tortured clit that I had
whipped so recently; she screamed harder as I slammed my rod into the
abused depths of her rectum, twisting myself viciously inside her; she
wailed and shrieked as I pulled at her hair, riding her like a
stallion, my cock buried up her ass burrowing into her, thrusting and
bucking as hard as I could.  And every time I slammed it home, buried
to the hilt in her ass, my balls slapped wetly against her pussy as it
poured out its juices proclaiming its lust.

"Tell me you want it bitch!"  I bellowed at the girl rocking beneath
my like a wild pony.  I pushed into her backdoor with a tremendous
force, knocking her knees out from under her as she fell forward to
lay prone again.  I followed her falling form, my cock still buried up
her ass as we fell.

The breath knocked out of her, I commanded her again to beg me to fuck
her.  I _knew_ she wanted it, as much fluid as her cunt was pouring
out.

"Tell me, slut!"  I demanded.  I moved so I was kneeling with my knees
around her ass, my hands pressing between her shoulder blades, mashing
her tits and all the pins I had stuck into them into the bed.  I
slammed into her with vicious thrusts, picking her hips off the bed a
fraction with each brutal penetration.

Karen was howling, a sound that was hardly human echoing in the room
as I rode her.

"FUCK ME!"  she bellowed.  I swear she had started meeting my thrusts,
even as my dick now sparkled red in the Christmas lights from the
blood of her tortured rectum.  "Grind my ass HARDER!"

She WAS enjoying it, she wasn't merely repeating my words anymore, but
making up her own in her lust.  I slammed into her as hard as I could
as the blood from her ass ran down between her legs to mingle with the
juices still pouring from her pussy.  I moaned as I felt my nuts begin
to jerk, knowing I would come soon, pumping my cock in this girl's ass
as hard and as fast and as deep as I could.

"Oh GOD!," Karen wailed, and I felt her whole body spasm as orgasm
after violent orgasm ripped through her groin, as she thrashed
uncontrollably beneath the punishing blows of my cock reaming out her
butt.

I started to come too then, driving into her, my jism now thinned from
so many ejaculations in so short a period mingling with the blood of
her brutalized ass.  Our body fluids combined to form a pinkish ooze
that leaked out around my cock buried up her butt.

I lay on top of Karen for a while after we came, feeling my dick still
buried inside her, only half-soft after this last orgasm, already
twitching with the stirrings of a new lust.  Karen sobbed beneath me,
pain and humiliation and incredible pleasure no doubt all junked
together in her brain, just as I had intended.  I pulled my semi-erect
dick from her ass, coated with her blood and some of my cum, though
thankfully no shit.  Getting up from the bed, I took one of the
remaining pieces of her pink sweatshirt from the chair and wiped the
blood from the crack of her ass.  She writhed from the pain, no longer
enjoying it now that her orgasms had passed.  She didn't seem to
really be bleeding anymore, so I wadded the piece of shirt up and
tossed it into the bottom of the closet along with the other refuse.

I flipped my little piece of poonie over on her back, her arms cramped
beneath her, and leaned over her; using my teeth I extracted the pins
from her areolae.  The nubs of her nipples had stopped bleeding from
the tack-holes; by the time Sal retrieved her they would be scabbed
over and un-noticeable, though her nipples were swollen out to gumdrop
size and would be painfully tender for many many days.  Some people
like big fat nipples, it wouldn't be a problem.

I moved along the side of the bed and grabbed Karen's head and turned
it sideways and presented her with my blood- and semen-coated cock.
Tears leaked from her eyes; she remained mute, but when I pressed the
shining red head against her lips, she parted them and sucked my
semi-hard bone into her mouth, allowing me to fuck into her face
without struggling as I slid the length of my shaft down her throat
and thrust in and out, enjoying the warm wetness of her tongue and the
sharp contrast as her teeth grazed the head of my dick.  I pulled my
nearly erect rod from her face, and held my hand over her mouth and
placed the other one along her throat.  She swallowed this time
without me having to tell her, and I smiled and stroked her hair.

"I told you I would make you beg me, and you would really mean it." I
said to her.  I went into the bathroom to clean her body fluids off of
myself, to clean the toys I had tossed into the shower, and to prepare
for the next round with this juicy little tart.


***

I showered lazily, thinking as best as I could with a raging boner and
a lot of speed still pumping around in my bloodstream.  Nunzio's boys,
Sal and whoever Sal worked with, would be picking up the merchandise
in another twenty-four hours; I had reached the limit on what I could
do to Karen that wouldn't show.  Kind of too bad, she had such soft
creamy flesh, firm, but smooth, it begged to be scratched and squeezed
and poked.  But hell, there would be others, some of them I'd be willing
to use up myself, Christmas was coming up in another month and a half,
I'd treat myself then.  I needed the cash on this baby.

Problem was, I'd really excited my blood lust; if I couldn't draw
blood, I still needed to hear the little cunt scream to keep me really
hard, I needed her twisting spasticly, tortured beyond endurance,
even while the juicy hole between her legs sent jolt after agonizing
jolt of pleasure coursing through her limber young body.

It was going on seven, it seemed like I'd been filling my teen meat
forever.  I got an idea.  Almost as fun as physical torture is painful
humiliation.  The Puerto Rican who ran the desk from midnight to eight
would be around for another hour still, and I happened to know that he
let two fucked-up homeless Vet buddies sleep in the boiler room.

He'd given me the look a few times, like he knew what business I was
in, and like he didn't mind, so I thought I'd try and pick up some
spare change, give Karen some practice before Nunz' put her to work
doing god knows what.  (... I don't know NOTHING...)

It was tough stuffing my monster woodie into my jeans, but I managed
somehow.  I let the shower go cold, that helped.

Swaggering out to the lobby, jeans, white t-shirt, boots, I caught
Ramon napping.  He was a dark little fucker; some of these PRs are
hard to tell from blacks; a lot of times it's the name that's the only
clue.  I leaned against the counter, scratching at the stubble
sprouting on my face, and drummed my fingers.  Ramon opened an eye to
peer at me, unabashed at being found sleeping.  He didn't like me, he
figured I was a goddamn *maricon*, because of the young boys he'd seen
me with, though he seemed to be confused by my "machismo".

"Whatchoo want, eh my man?"  this guy scowled at me, for interrupting
his nap.

"Wondering, just wondering."  I smiled at him, moved away so he could
get aload of my hard-on.  My eyes were bright red, my pupils were
about as big as they can be, from all the crank, from being awake, and
UP, for over twenty-four hours now.  "Wondering if you need some
pussy.  Chinga senorita?"

Ramon snorted at my fractured Spanish, but I caught his pupils dilate.
He was pretty cool, but some things you can't control.

"Young pussy?"  he asked, tonelessly, as if not really interested,
just making conversation.

"Too young isn't legal," I kept my face flat, testing.  These spics
man, you gotta be careful, you don't know what'll set them off, like
the wops I deal with, you also gotta be careful; about family and
sisters, they're all of them fucked up.

He looked away, at the TV set that was playing one of the morning
shows.

"Ain't legal to spit in the subway either."

"No," I agreed, "it also ain't legal to fuck someone says they don't
want to," I added conversationally.

Ramon eyeballed me sideways, still mostly focussed on the TV.  From
where I was standing, I could see his dick jump at my last statement.
He had to know about my "proclivities", he'd been working nights as
long as I'd been using this hotel, and my god, my "guests" made enough
noise at times to wake the dead.

***

It took some cryptic haggling, but we finally agreed on $400 for him
and his two 'Nam buddies, for four hours or as long as they lasted
whichever came first.  With the condition that I got to watch, and
participate if I felt like it, which I doubted I would.  "Seconds"
doesn't appeal to me, sticking my dick in some snatch that's already
filled with another guy's jizz... GROSS!  Though I sure did still want
to jack off in Karen's face, spit my cock-snot all over her body, make
her drink my cum.  I realized that somehow I'd missed that treat;
she'd sucked me, I'd fucked her face more accurately, but I hadn't
shot anywhere but in her pussy and ass.

A hundred of that $400 take had to go to pay Vito not to shoot his fat
ugly mouth off to Sal that I was pimping off Nunzio's goods to the
help.  Though technically she wasn't Nunzio's till he paid up, I
wasn't gonna argue *contract law*, right of ownership, with these guys.
It got me thinking again about how it might be nice to start up my own
business, let Nunz' in on it so's not to get WHACKED, of course.  The
setup now though, it was low risk, and I got plenty of fresh meat.


I went out for some breakfast, still contemplating my business
opportunities, finding some amusement watching the ants scurry around
the streets dragging bread crumbs to the queen in their briefcases,
while I waited for Ramon to get off work.

***

Karen was sleeping when I got back to the room around 8:30.  She was
lying face down on the bed, her arms still cuffed to her waist, her
hair splayed about her shoulders, her legs spread, exposing her sore,
swollen pussy lips.  I watched her sleep, noticing that her buttocks
were dotted with small red marks where my fingers had grabbed her in
my fucking frenzy, her back streaked red where my nails had scraped
her.  I smiled.  The marks were fading already, now a merry pink
instead of angry red.

Smiling, I removed my boots and slipped off my jeans and underwear, to
release my swollen rod.  I climbed on the bed and removed the harness
binding Karen's arms to her waist.  

She lay completely unbound.  "Free..."

Karen moaned, rousing slowly from her exhausted near-coma drowse, as I
rolled her over onto her back.  She spread her legs reflexively now,
and without speaking to her, I looked deep into her eyes and lay my
full weight on her.  She moaned as I entered her.  I thrust my bone
into her unresisting depths, and she closed her eyes to look away from
my face hovering over her as I pinned her beneath me, grinding myself
into her over-used box.

I grabbed Karen's head in my hands as I continued to gently rape her
nearly limp form.  She was far too exhausted to struggle against my
unwanted attentions, not without more violent stimulation.  For the
moment I was content to merely make her writhe emotionally.

"Look at me,"  I demanded.

Karen opened her eyes, the tears rolling down her face the only
physical acknowledgement that my meat was still stretching her
interior, pushing insistently between her spread legs.

"I'm only the third guy you've ever fucked, right?"  I asked her as I
thrust myself vigorously into her.  She closed her eyes and winced as
my cock hit home.

"Yes," she answered, more tears splashing from her eyes as she rocked
beneath my humping thrusts.

"Well today we're going to double the number of guys you've laid."  I
smiled cruelly, as Karen started sniffling, then sobbing, as my
meaning slowly penetrated her sleep-deprived brain.  She pushed her
hands up against my chest, perhaps finally realizing she was no longer
bound.

I casually slapped her hands away, holding them pinned to the bed
above her head, as I began balling her more urgently.  It pleased me,
the way her face reddened, her bottom lip quivering childishly as I
fucked up into her, harder and harder as my lust grew, tears flying
from her face as she twisted her head, trying to hide the pain my cock
was administering to her abused loins.

"Some friends of mine want some young pussy," I told her as I slammed
into her.  "I told them what a horny little slut you are... " I
moaned, trying to maintain some control, my cock growing ever harder
as I prepared to shoot yet another load of cum into this choice little
receptacle.

"... they're going to..."  I grunted, rammed my meat harder and
harder...  Karen sobbed out of control, exhausted, humiliated, her
lower body on fire.  There was a timid knock on the door.  I moaned
loudly as I felt my nuts jerk out of control.

"Ohhhhh......."

I spurted a small stream of cum into the babe beneath me, lying
quietly on top of her, clenching and unclenching my butt muscles,
feeling her back arch as my weight flattened her breasts, the nipples
swollen painfully where the pins I had punctured them with had twisted
in her flesh.

"I told them what a little tramp you are," I pulled out of Karen, and
slapped her gumdrop sized nipples so she squeaked in pain.  With her
hands free she clutched at her breasts to try and ease the pain.  "I
told them how you've been screwing and sucking your uncle and his
friend, how you beg me to fuck you really hard."

I grinned wolfishly as she lay meekly clutching her tits, her legs
still spread, her twat leaking my fluid.

There was another soft knock on the door; I flipped on the overhead
light, I wanted to really get a good view of the action I'd set up,
and I slipped on my jeans and let in Ramon and the two bums who lived
in the boiler room.  It looked like they'd showered, probably the maid
had let them use one of the rooms that she was cleaning.
Miraculously, their clothes were clean.  Ramon handed me the four
bills; I wondered where he'd come up with the cash; probably knocked
off a liquor store, maybe robbed a church, maybe it was just their
months pooled VA checks.  I didn't ask.  I didn't care.

The taller skinnier one looked like some black Jesus, long black curly
afro spinning away from his head at all angles, his beard and
moustache thin and ratty, no doubt from a lack of protein, bad diet.
I had the good sense not to ask if the guy was really black or just a
PR, some guys are really touchy about that.  The smaller boiler room
rat was definitely NOT a spic, he was pale and pudgy, kind of
baby-faced, I'd bet anything he was one of the last to be drafted; he
probably wasn't more than twenty-seven, twenty-eight when I met him.


Ramon had a nice crazy shine in his eyes, as he looked at me, at the
naked girl crying on the bed clutching her breasts and leaking cum.

"Chingao..."  he breathed.  "So young.  Like that VC girl we bagged,
over there..."

The pudgy young guy giggled, his cock bulging against the front of his
worn, faded jeans.  "C'mon man let's fuck her, we're wasting time."

Ramon pulled his shoes off, pulled his pants off, let them drop to the
floor by the side of the bed as he climbed up onto the bed between
Karen's legs.  He slapped her breast experimentally, smiling when she
arched her back and cried out, his dick lurching happily.

I sat back on the chair near the bed, got myself a beer, offered one
to Ramon's compadres.

"Nah, fuck man," the black one shrugged, pulling off his shoes and
pants to let loose the most outrageously huge cock I'd ever seen in my
life.  "He ain't gonna take long."

The little guy just giggled and wanked himself harder through his
jeans.

"Whatever."  I kicked back to enjoy the unfolding entertainment.

Ramon rammed his meat into Karen and started humping into her like a
goddamn bull.  From where I sat I had a nice view of his cock spearing
into her pink twat, splitting her lips wide, my cum squeezing out
around his cock as he pumped her.  

The little guy was really getting into it, yanking himself furiously,
giggling, offering encouragement.

"Fuck her, man, pound her tight little pussy," he cheered.  "Is she
tight man?? I'll bet she's really tight, she's not very old."  He was
fucking his hips in time with Ramon's gyrations, his eyes half closed
with lust as he rubbed his boner.

The black guy was much cooler, he simply stood, watching the Spic ball
Karen, slowing pulling his mammoth dick as it got harder and fatter
and longer.  MAN I wanted to see that thing bury itself in Karen's
young pussy, I wanted to see if he could get it past her butt muscle
without tearing it.  I half thought it wasn't going to fit in either
hole, but the effort alone would be a sight worth seeing.  And no
doubt hearing.  If ANYTHING could revive the little slut, that cock
ripping up into her belly would.

Ramon was nearing climax; I could see his nuts jerking, and Karen was
starting to revive a bit, screaming and arching her back as he
clutched her tits in his orgasmic ecstasy.  He rode her high and hard,
their pubic bones slamming together with a bruising force, picking her
hips up off the bed as he skewered her.  Grunting and thrusting,
moaning something in Spanish that sounded like a prayer, he shot a hot
thick load into Karen's cunt; I watched as it leaked out around his
softening dick; he pulled out before he was done coming, and landed
his last sticky spurts on her bald twat, rubbing the shrinking head of
his cock in the small puddle.

"Chingao!" he moaned, rolling off as Karen lay with her legs still
spread, her eyes tightly shut, her hands clasping her freshly
traumatized boobs.  He rolled to a sitting position, perched on the
edge of the bed, and watched as the little guy tossed off his jeans,
no underwear, I noticed.  He leaped enthusiastically onto the bed,
diving between Karen's spread legs, flopping himself on her prone
form.  His fat pink belly slapping against hers, the kid started
humping into Karen like a wild dog on a bitch in heat; he was so
fucking horny he came after about five strokes, groaning and cursing
himself.  I swear I thought he was gonna start blubbering, no shit.
I'da started laughing but man, it's not too swift to laugh at wacked
out vets.  And this kid was WACKED.

"Calm down, kid," Ramon slapped his ass, "Plenty of time to get it up
again, let Mook have his turn and she can suck it up for you."  The
kid crawled back off the bed, perched on the dresser near where I was
sitting, to watch "Mook" take his turn with my prize.

The black guy, Mook, stepped up to the end of the bed.  He reached
forward and grabbed Karen by the legs and dragged her so her ass was
hanging just over the end of the bed; he folded her legs back against
the sides of her body and leaned forward, pressing the gigantic head
of his monster cock against the opening of Karen's cunt.

Karen whimpered pitifully as the dark head of Mook's cock tore into
her, it really was making me hot seeing his dark black pole forcing
its way into Karen's small young body, splitting her pale pink pussy
lips wide, his dark skin seeming even darker against her pale white.
Our semen helped grease his way, but it seemed like his dick was still
ripping her up inside, the way Karen was beginning to twist and
writhe.  Mook groaned and snorted, pushing harder, till he seemed to
hit bottom, at least by the way Karen arched her back and twisted, yet
he still wasn't buried to the base.  He pulled nearly out, sure enough
there was plenty of blood coating his shaft, though it was hard to
see, he was so black.  Mook slammed his cock back into her and began
banging my little wench, her screams increasing slowly, building, as
his cock continued to split her tender young cunt wider than it had
ever been stretched, except perhaps by my fist, but I hadn't fucked
her as hard or as deep or as long, not with my fist.

Ramon was getting hard again, and impatient.

"Hey man, Mook man, roll her over, let's make a san'wich, hey?"

They must've been a team, with a lot of experience, because even in
the midst of his frenzied fucking, Mook managed to grab Karen's body
and roll over onto his back so that _he_ now lay on his back with his
butt hanging over the edge of the bed, his feet on the floor, his cock
still buried in Karen's twat.  He clutched her to his chest so she was
bent at the waist, her legs straddling Mook's, buns up, her ass
exposed, as Mook continued with her reaming.

Ramon stepped up behind Karen's exposed buttocks; Mook automatically
spread his legs to give Ramon access, like they did this all the time.
Ramon grabbed Karen's ass cheeks and quickly thrust his dick balls
deep into her chute, and grabbing her hips he began thrusting into her
with incredible energy.  

Karen screamed bloody murder as the two cocks tore into her lower
body; Mook would thrust up into her cunt, pulling her up off Ramon's
cock buried in her ass; as Mook withdrew Ramon would slam his cock up
into her rectum, the two cocks battering her in a relentless rhythm.
They took turns mauling her already tortured breasts, Ramon pinning
her hands behind her back while Mook squeezed and pinched and slapped
her tits, occasionally reaching around to join in the fun as her body
slammed up and down on the intruding lengths of their meat.

Ramon was the first to come; he pulled out of Karen's ass trailing
blood and cum and shit, squirting a load of jism onto the creamy
cheeks of her buttocks, sweating from the exertion.

"Mama give me a taste of this bitch' ASS now!"  Mook hollered.  He
rolled over again and pulled out of Karen's pussy, dribbling blood and
trails of previous occupants' cum.  The kid had climbed back on the
bed, eager to get in on some of the action again, and the two of them
pulled Karen to a kneeling position, towards the center of the bed.

The kid jammed his stiffening little prick into Karen's face, pulling
on her hair, only barely muffling her screams of agony as Mook's
enormous bone tore into her ass.  Holy shit I nearly came then as I
saw that thing split her cheeks; the ass muscle looked like it might
rip in two; her body was twitching and jerking, contorting spasticly
as that thing bull-dozed into her bowels; Karen managed to shake her
head loose from the kid's groin and bellowed her agony; screaming
hoarsely as Mook started to pump her ass.

Something in the kid snapped; it pissed him off when Karen managed to
free her mouth from his cock

"Suck me you little bitch you little fucking tramp fucking slut cunt
whore goddammit SUCK ME!"  He screamed, enraged, slapping her face
half a dozen times, as she shrieked out of control, the dick in her
ass blanking everything else in importance.  The kid grabbed Karen's
hair at the roots and slammed his cock into her mouth, muffling her
screams.  Thrusting wildly, he drove his dick down her throat,
thrusting his hips forward as Mook's efforts in her ass drove Karen's
mouth forward on the kid's cock.  Blood blossomed on Karen's face as
the kid's pubic bone slammed into her small pig-nose; the kid laughed
maniacally as his groin was painted red with her blood.

The three continued fucking Karen for almost three hours; taking turns
in her ass and pussy and mouth; sometimes simultaneously, sometimes
alternately, as they rested up between orgasms; making her suck her
shit and blood, their cum, off their cocks, getting them hard again to
rape her in another hole.  She was rolled and spanked and squeezed and
fucked in every position they could imagine, but finally they were too
exhausted to continue.



After they'd left, I sat looking at the limp, exhausted, blood- cum-
and shit- crusted remains of my horny little slut.  The blanket she
lay on was rumpled and twisted and covered with the drying remains of
her blood and the three men's fluids.  Karen's hair was matted with
their sperm, her face caked with blood from her nose, dried semen from
her rapists dicks, shit their cocks had pulled from her own ass.  She
lay unmoving, drooling their cum, breathing raggedly, her throat raw
from screaming around the dicks that had violated her mouth.

Still, though her nose had accidentally been bloodied and her ass and
cunt leaked blood from within, she'd not been bruised, and except for
the pins that had punctured her nipples the surface of her skin hadn't
been damaged.  She'd scrub up well, I'd still get a fair price for
her.  Nunzio had paid me twice what I was asking for this little cunt
for younger kids who were in much worse shape physically, age was the
main factor, so long as the kids I delivered weren't obviously dying
or sickly.



I spread Karen's legs on the wide spreader bar and again hung her
upside down in the shower, her hands cuffed and hanging below her
head.  I inserted the nozzle of the hose I'd attached to the tub
spout into her pussy again, this time running icy cold water into her.
The cold would help stop the bleeding from her torn up insides, help
her blood clot.  But more importantly, exhausted as she was, Karen
still managed to maintain a good healthy wail as the icy cold water
seized up her bowels, adding to misery of her abused depths, and
adding vigor to my erection.  I'd saved myself for this last foray
into my little honey.

When the water running from her cunt at last ran clear of blood and
cum, I took Karen down and bent her over the side of the tub so that
her head hung into the bottom of the tub, her ass pointing out at me.
I needed to clean out her colon, wash out the blood and cum that had
accumulated inside her over the last 20 hours or so.  I retrieved a
large butt-plug from the bag in the other room, and turning the water
to a very low trickle, I inserted the nozzle into her ass.  Having
some mercy, I made the water warmer, and filled her up.  I pulled the
nozzle out and quickly jammed the butt-plug into her ass to hold the
water inside her, knowing she wouldn't be able to hold her water, her
ass-muscle too recently stretched beyond its limit.  Karen groaned as
the water filled her belly; I reached around her and pulled and
twisted and pinched her clit while I let the water do it's work inside
her.  She moaned and struggled as I twisted her button, I pinched
harder, scratching at the tender pink flesh of her snatch as she yelped
and rocked against my attentions.  Satisfied that she was still
responsive, I pulled the butt-plug from her ass and quickly sat her on
the toilet as water mixed with shit and blood and four men's numerous
loads of ejaculate shot with an explosive force from her ass to fill
the bowl.

I hung Karen back upside down in the shower, and proceeded to hose
down her exterior.  I shampooed the filth from her hair, pulling
roughly at the snarled, matted mess.  I roughly scrubbed the exterior
of her body with a course nylon scrubber usually used for pots and
pans; it left her skin a lovely pink.  I shaved her again, Nunzio
would prefer her smooth, just as I did.

I had removed my pants before I started to wash her, knowing it might
be a messy, wet business, and started fucking Karen's mouth as I
washed her, the warm water caressing my cock as I rolled it around
her face, fucking up into her throat until she threatened to
suffocate.  As exhausted and used up as she was she still managed to
cry and twist when I scraped her swollen pussy and scrubbed the tender
abused button of her ass.  

I had done cleaning Karen, and was now merely enjoying torturing her;
I would force one last orgasm out of the little cunt, leave her with a
bellyful of my seed, before leaving her to Nunzio and Sal.  I sat on
the cool smooth side of the tub, my cock planted in Karen's mouth, one
hand on the back of her head, holding it steady as I thrust up into
her throat, the other hand scraping her pussy lips with the scrubber
as she futilely tried to twist away from it.

My head was level with the space between her spread legs; as I
continued to thrust into her mouth, my cock growing harder and longer
as I thrust faster, I leaned forward and bit down on the little nub of
her clit, bit as hard as I could.  I don't know now whether I was
trying to bite it off; perhaps to claim her pleasure for my own, take
it with me when I left her, in any case I didn't succeed, she kept her
clit.

Karen shrieked, suddenly rejuvenated; her pussy spasmed, as I clamped
my teeth down on her little pleasure nub.  I thrust into her mouth,
strangling her cries as my cockhead slammed into her tonsils, sliding
past her soft palate and up into her throat each time I bit her,
twisting her clit with my teeth as I held my cock in her airway, her
whole body tensing with the attempt to scream sending electric jolts
of pleasure straight to the tip of my prick.  I came quickly, shooting
my cum the length of her throat, slamming into her face as I gnawed
desperately at her clit.  I pulled out of her mouth, dribbling cum
around Karen's face, I let her hang there upside down, her head in my
lap, as she swallowed my seed.  She knew better by now than to spit it
out.

"God baby, you've been really good,"  I told her.  "I'll remember you."

I watched as this teen's pussy lips rippled through their latest
pain-induced orgasm, her pussy slick not with water but the juice of
her cunt.

"you're leaving" she rasped out.  I couldn't tell whether it was a
question or a statement. 

I left her hanging there while I cleaned up the rest of the room. I
took the blankets, her ruined clothes, the refuse from the bottom of
the closet, the crusty blanket from the bed, down to the incinerator
in the basement, destroy any evidence, any blood and body fluids, I
tossed my t-shirt, the one with the blood I'd drawn from her tits, in
there as well.  I remembered her duffle bag too.  I didn't look at the
contents before I incinerated it, probably there was a picture of her
family, some ratty old teddy bear she'd had as a baby.  There might
have been a couple bucks, but I didn't really want to open these kids'
stuff and look at their pathetic pasts.  I had to destroy any evidence
tracing the prey to a former life, it was just common sense if I
didn't want to get caught.

With the room cleaned, any traces of her body fluids removed from the
bed, the down from her jacket vacuumed from the carpet, her bllod and
body fluids scrubbed from the shower walls, I tied Karen
spread-eagled, face down, to the bare mattress.

I patted her butt as I prepared to leave.

"you're leaving."  she rasped again.  "stay."

I rubbed between her legs and she humped up appreciatively towards my
hand.  I gave her a small shot of morphine in her butt.  She'd want
some rest before they picked her up.  And I was starting to crash in a
very big way, if I didn't get back to my cozy little flop in Brooklyn
I might never make it there.  My dick was exhausted, and the rest of
me agreed.

And now that I truly owned this little bitch, now that she WANTED me
to torture her to pleasure, now that she would do whatever I wanted, I
had no use for her.  The conquest is all.  

I did the cruelest thing I could ever do to her then.


I left.



=== END  OF CHICKENHAWK, KAREN, CHAPTER 1===
