Archive-name: Violent/ch2.txt
Archive-author: Mark E. Dassad
Archive-title: ChickenHawk 2 - Beginning, The


contains non-consensual (homosexual) sex *between* minors.
This is fiction.  I didn't do these things, I don't think YOU should.
But it's not a crime to whack off to the fantasy, at least not until
the government can figure out how to monitor brain-waves.

MED 7-DEC-92

(C) 1993  Mark E. Dassad.    May be reproduced and  redistributed
    un-edited and  un-altered in electronic format for NON-PROFIT
    ONLY  with this notice intact.  The author reserves the right
    to sell paper copies at huge profit to the disconnected.  Any
    other use constitutes fraud, and you'll be hunted down like a
    dawg and violated if you violate this. Okay you can fix typos,
    but only if you send me corrections.

    +++++++  It's not about violence, it's not about sex.  +++++++
    +++++++++++++++    It's about violent sex.     +++++++++++++++



CHICKENHAWK: "The Beginning", part 1


I don't know why I'm growing so reflective, must be this mid-thirties
thing, not married, no friends, plenty of disposable income and
nothing to do.

I've been thinking about the first time I ever had my dick inside
anyone else's body.  That first time stays with you forever.  I
skewered my first piece of boymeat when I was only thirteen, my Junior
High School guidance counselor set me up with this little geek Todd, a
fifth grade loser at one of the grammar schools on the other side of
town, it was a tutoring/big brother program the schools organized,
They suckered the high achievers, athletic, social, real leaders into
hanging out with losers in the lower grades, kids that were having
problems in school.  I was on the Varsity wrestling team, track and
field in the spring, straight A's.  Most of the teachers loved me.
Most of the other assholes at that school hated me, thought I was a
dickhead.  I was.  I was smarter and stronger and faster and just
plain better than 99% of those cretins.  I wonder sometimes if any of
the teachers or "the establishment" as we liked to call it back then,
noticed that I didn't DO team sports, I mean there was a wrestling
TEAM, but you wrestle one-on-one. I was the best in my weight class, I
was the goddamn conference champ all through High School, but
wrestling is a dead-end, there's no REAL pro-wrestling, and nobody was
knocking on my door asking me to train for the Olympics.  Gym teachers
let me slide in the other sports because I made a name for the school,
I told them flat out I wasn't going to DO gymnastics, they couldn't
MAKE me flop around like a dying fish, and they let it slide.



That first time I met that Todd kid, his mother actually picked me up
in her fucking Cadillac Seville, leather interior, fucking AIR
CONDITIONING and a FM RADIO and electric damn windows.  This was 1968
recall, the car was considered loaded.  It was cherry, man, I had a
older brother really into cars woulda cum in his shorts riding in that
thing.  That was before Caddy's became pimp-mobiles and no self-
respecting white person would be caught dead in one, anyway.

This kid's mother drove me across town one Sunday to hang with the
little geek for the afternoon, help the moron with his math homework,
do "guy stuff" as she called it.  She fed us pretzels and soda.  I
remember being impressed, they seemed to have that kind of food around
all the time, it wasn't just left over from a party.  They had a
really nice house, his parents were divorced, his old man was an
orthodontist.  His mother worked, even though she wallowed in the ex's
money.  They lived in this fucking nice development; big yard, three
bedrooms, a FINISHED basement, TWO goddamn COLOR TVs, one for each of
them.

The school had told me he was always getting beat up by the other kids
in his class, and his grades were really suffering even though he
wasn't stupid, and I was supposed to hang out with him a couple days a
week, help him with his homework but mostly act like a big brother, be
a good role model since I was such an upstanding citizen.

The kid, he was acting squirrelly, they weren't kidding when they said
he had "problems".  He swung his foot and chewed a fingernail while I
chatted with his mom, I smiled at him, tried to talk to him, he was
really very... well, "pretty".  He had fine straight blond hair, long
for those days, it covered his ears, touched his collar; being a jock
and all I was scandalized at the time.  He had pale blue eyes, pale
skin, he was thin, delicate bones, and I swear to you it's true, he
had a pronounced lisp and he whined like a freaking girl.  The only
thing that would tip you that he was a Jew was his nose, it hooked
down on the end, kind of flattened like.  It wasn't a honker or
anything, but that was definitely not a wasp nose.  Not that there's
any Wasps in New Jersey of course.  God I can almost feel and smell
and hear the kid now.  It's no goddamn wonder he was getting beat up
all the time.

We were supposed to "get to know each other".  His old lady though
figured I was a free babysitter, like the bitch wasn't loaded enough
to pay for a sitter for christ sake, so she took off, told us to have
fun, she'd be back for dinner.  I asked the kid what he wanted to do,
figuring maybe he'd want to horse around outside, run around or
something.  He kicked the table leg, shrugged.

Great.

"Well, you wanna toss a ball around 'r something?"  I asked him,
wolfing down another handful of pretzels and helping myself to another
coke.  We didn't get soda at my house.

The kid shrugged, kinda squeaked.  He came back with a junior size
football.  I wasn't into football much, those guys were all rank
assholes, big stupid muscleheads, and our town sucked thoroughly
anyway at all the big sports: football, basketball, baseball.

So we ran around his backyard, it had a huge privacy fence, big old
trees, poplars I think?  I didn't *always* live in the city, I moved
here as soon as I could.  Trees bore me.

We tossed the ball around; it's not as if I was ever even any good
with a football, but the kid was a spaz, and we just started mostly
horsing around, running and trying to tackle each other.  I think this
kid probably never PLAYED with another guy in his life, he hardly knew
what to do.

...

It's not like I planned to.  If I'd got caught, my life would've ended
that afternoon.

But there I was, thirteen years old, wrestling with this really choice
little ten-year-old sissy-boy, he was giggling like a goddamn girl as
I rolled around on top of him, stripping the ball out of his hands.  I
had him in a half-nelson, he was still laughing when I started
dry-humping his tight little ass; he didn't even know what I was
doing, he was that fucking clueless, he thought I was just playing
with him, and I was rubbing a big hard bone up and down the crack of
his ass through our clothes.  Ten years old, he didn't even know what
a fucking woodie felt like, pressing into his own butt!

I was at the edge of puberty at the time, only just getting the first
downy tufts of hair on my balls, and the testosterone was pumping
through my bloodstream; it was better than any drugs I've ever done
since.  I rolled off the kid, holding the ball, my cock thumping
franticly against my fly, screaming at me not to stop.  I rolled the
kid onto his back; he was so ...sweet.  I wanted to watch his face
when I did it.

I grabbed his legs, started yanking down his bell-bottoms; I easily
pinned his scrawny chest to the ground with one hand, he only weighed
about 70 pounds, and I was in the top weight class for our league, at
135 and 5'6 I was one of the biggest Jr High wrestlers in the whole
fucking conference, and none of it was fat.

This kid got this really wide look on his face, I'm sure he had no
idea what the hell I was about to do to him; he just didn't like me
taking his clothes off, especially outside, in his own backyard.

"Hey!"  He squealed.  Probably how he reacted to all the kids that
beat him up every day, no doubt egging them on.

"Don't DO tha-at," he whined, grabbing my arms and whimpering
patheticly.  "Thtop it!"

He tried to twist out from under me, but I'd managed to get his jeans
down below his knees and he wasn't able to move easily with his pants
binding his legs and my hand pinning his chest to the ground.

I wasn't talking anymore then, my cock had taken over my brain and I
think I'd been reduced to one big hormonal urge.

The kid was starting to whimper, he had no idea yet what was happening
to him.

"Lemme up," he begged me.  "I don't wanna play this anymore, I'm cold
let's go inside."

I looked at the kid's naked tiny little dick shrinking in fear in the
cool October afternoon, and I felt my face flush with the heat of
lust.  I pulled my own jeans down, letting my bone loose to sway in
the breeze; you should've seen the kid's eyes bug out of his head, I
had to smile.  He didn't have an old man or an older bother, I guess
he didn't know how big a full-grown dick could get, when it was hard.
The guys on the wrestling team had given me the nickname "Batman", and
they'd only seen it soft.

I grabbed the little sissy by the back of his pale skinny knees and
pushed his legs as tightly as I could against his chest; his pants
around his ankles really helped, stopped him from being able to kick
and thrash, and I just leaned into him with all I had.

He begged and twisted, grinding his ass against the damp cool grass in
the middle of his backyard, as I pressed the head of my cock against
his impossibly tight little button; I grunted and nearly came when the
head of my cock finally popped through the ring of his ass.

The kid ripped out a blood-curdling wail and I smacked him across the
face really hard, over and over, hissing at him to shut up or the
neighbors would find out he was a goddamn little faggot and was
screwing his goddamn "big brother".  It was my first time ever, and I
had no control at all, I just kept slapping the kid's face as he
screamed; punching him in the mouth, trying to shut him up while I
continued slowly forcing my cock into his insanely tight butt, his
skinny little cheeks split impossibly wide.

Somehow, in the middle of raping this kid's ass, I remembered my
handkerchief in my jacket pocket; I shoved it in his mouth and clamped
my hand over it.  That kept him quiet enough that I wasn't worried
anymore about the neighbors coming over to find out what the hell the
noise was all about, so I was able to concentrate on really enjoying
my very first piece of tail.  I hadn't thought to lubricate my dick, I
didn't even spit on it before I slammed it into his cornhole; what the
fuck did *I* know?  It was my first time.  I managed by brute force to
finally ram the complete length all the way into the kid's gut,
slamming through the clamped muscles as he tried to keep me out of
him.  There was a goddawful amount of blood coating my cock as I
pulled out after finally managing to burrow all the way into the kid,
it really excited me, made me pound back into him with more energy,
tearing my cock in and out of his poor tiny virgin hole as we slid
back and forth in the damp grass.

Tears were streaming down the kid's face, flying from his head as he
thrashed in agony as I boned him, muffled screams of anguish escaping
around the handkerchief I held in his mouth.  I was grinding bright
green grass stains into the knees of my own jeans as I lurched on top
of the kid, the back of his shirt would be a muddy green mess when I
was done poling out his ass, but even though my old man would beat the
crap out me for ruining my good jeans, I didn't give a rat's ass, it
felt so fucking GOOD, the kid's rectum clutched hotly at my cock,
wetting my dick with his blood as I slammed in and out of his sweet
little ass.

I came pretty fast, I'd only been at it, start to finish, for maybe
five minutes including the time spent wrestling him down and getting
his pants off.  It just felt so fucking good to have my cock buried
inside another human being instead of just wanking off imagining doing
exactly what I was doing then, forcing someone weaker than me to take
my dick inside their body, in whatever hole I felt like sticking it.
The kid was a pathetic loser, he never even really fought my
attentions, all he did was cry and beg me not to.  I shot a nice thick
load of cum deep inside my "little brother's" rectum,

The kid winced when I pulled my softening cock out of his ass with a
nice wet pop, dripping blood and semen.  I could see he stopped trying
to scream and started sobbing, muffled choking sounds leaking around
the gag in his mouth.  He just lay there passively, with his arms out
to his sides, as I pulled back from his butt and let his legs flop to
the ground.  I pulled the kid's shoes and socks off, yanked his pants
all the way off; I took mine off too, I needed to scrub the blood and
shit off my groin or my underwear would be ruined.  I doubted even MY
mother would wash a pair of blood-soaked jockeys without asking a
*few* questions, and I didn't have enough underpants to spare that I
could afford to "lose" them.

I knelt down bare-ass naked next to the kid, leaned my face close into
his as he lay there on his back, his body shaking as he bawled
patheticly.

"You're not going to tell anybody what we just did, are you??"  I
whispered menacingly at the little boy I'd just de-flowered.
"Everybody in your class thinks you're a faggot, thinks you're a
pathetic little sissy, and you are, that's why they matched me up with
you, the guidance counselors at our schools want me to show you how to
act like a BOY."

The kid stared at me, as his whole body was racked with another round
of sobbing.  I'd spoken the truth, everybody thought the kid was a
fruitcake, and he knew it too.

"But you're hopeless, I was testing you to see if you'd let me fuck
you, I wasn't even gonna do it but you never even tried to stop me
'cuz you're a goddamn HOMO."  I was improvising, making shit up,
seeing if I could make the kid believe it was all his fault I'd raped
him, and man-oh-man it really worked.  I pulled the piece of cloth out
of the kid's mouth and he started sobbing; I was afraid he might
scream for help or something, but man, I'd actually convinced him it
was all his fault.

"I'm gonna tell the guidance counselor you're hopeless, you're a
goddamn queer and you got me to fuck you up the ass.  I don't wanna be
your big brother anymore because you're a fucking pervert."

"Please don't tell!," the kid wailed, crying hysterically.

I couldn't fucking believe my luck, they'd hooked me up with a fucking
MORON who let me rape him and then begged ME not to tell.


The kid's old lady had only been gone for an hour, it was like 3 or 4
in the afternoon, and there was plenty to eat in this house, and a
COLOR TV to watch.  Oh man, had I ever lucked into a choice
arrangement.  I dragged the kid to his feet, and I grabbed our shoes
and pants and shoved him ahead of me towards the house, snickering at
the sight of his mud and grass-stained little buttocks, at the blood
that shone between his skinny cheeks, at how he walked like my dick
was still shoved up his chute.

It was going to be a GREAT afternoon after all, and I hadn't wanted to
come at all.  I took a lot of shit for being a straight-arrow in my
neighborhood and that included my family.  Man what they didn't know.


CHICKENHAWK: "The Beginning", part 2

A whole universe of opportunity had just opened up for me when I
tasted my first piece of chicken that afternoon.  I realized that the
world was just brimming over with all the pussy and ass anyone could
ever want, you just had to reach out and help yourself to it.

And FUCK the notion of begging for it.  I was bigger, I wanted it, I
took it.  That's nature.  The kid could find someone smaller than him
to pork.  Or he could roll over and continue taking it up the ass.  He
DID have choices, whatever any liberal-minded asshole wants to
believe.  He could get a gun or a knife or a baseball bat and tip the
power ratio in his favor if he REALLY didn't want my "attentions"
anymore.

But I boned that kid's ass two, three, four days a week, for the whole
school year, nine fucking months he sucked my dick and spread his
cheeks for me or my friends, and you know what he did?  He got good
and hard, his little dick started springing to attention.  After the
first few sessions, he squirted his cum all over his skinny belly when
we pumped his skinny little ass is what he did.

I remember when I got him back in the house, his ass was all green
from being pounded into the grass, there was blood between his cheeks,
dribbling down the back of his balls, jesus, I was lucky I hadn't
ruptured him and killed him, I knew that little about ass-fucking.

"Where's you shower?"  I demanded.

"Upstairs," the kid choked out between sobs, as he clutched his
genitals, his skinny shoulders shaking.

"So let's go clean up," I ordered him, pushing him ahead of me, his
blood and shit drying on my limp prick.

I was still holding our pants and shoes as I followed the kid upstairs
to the shower in his mother's bedroom.  I liked watching his slim
butt, so inviting, I liked watching how stiffly he walked, his rectum
no doubt still remembering my cock stretching it wide.

Goddamn that was one swank house, the shower was huge, it didn't even
double as a tub, there was plenty of room for two kids to move around
in.  I pulled the kid's shirt off over his head; he just stood there,
crying like a fucking baby, as I turned on the water and shoved him
into the spray.  I skinned off my own shirt and folded our clothes up
and laid them on the toilet seat so they wouldn't get wet in case
there were any leaks, and I hopped in the shower with the kid.

This little ten-year-old started shaking when I joined him, he knew I
was planning some more fun, and he was right.  He was standing nearest
the shower-head, facing me at the back of the tub.  I grabbed fistfuls
of that long blond hair and pulled his face towards my filthy crotch.

"Suck me!"  I ordered him, pressing his tightly closed mouth against
my smooth young teenage groin.  The kid squealed around his closed
mouth, twisting and fighting, as the warm spray washed over his back,
washing the blood from his ass to run down the drain.

When he didn't open his mouth, I let go of one side of his head and
reached around the back of his body to grab his balls from behind.  He
screamed when I grabbed and twisted his nuts, and I took the
opportunity to jam my filthy crusted dick into his mouth.  The kid
started choking, I guess it was all the shit, plus my cock was
starting to liven up again and tap the back of his throat, and I
grabbed his head again with both hands and started fucking his head up
and down on my dick, the hot water steaming over our bodies, stinging
into the crack of his raw little sphincter making him cry and jerk
spasticly, bent half double and sucking my quickly recovering pole.
As it got harder and harder I started really fucking into this kid's
mouth, there in the shower in his mother's bedroom; just the idea that
I was raping this kid I didn't even know that same morning, in his own
damn house, made me almost lose my load.  I slammed in and out of his
face, his teeth grazing the sensitive ridge of my cock-head, his
tongue caressing the underside of my shaft.  I got so hard it felt
like my groin was on fire; I just couldn't control myself, it was my
first blow-job, and my nuts jerked and I started spewing my seed at
the back of the kid's throat; he was thrashing helplessly as I held
his head pressed against my crotch as I continued humping against his
soft wet face.

As soon as I pulled my soft prick out of the kid's mouth, he howled,
gasping for air, and spit the cum left in his mouth right onto my
feet, then followed that by fucking BARFING on me.  I went just
fucking nuts, thank god we were in the shower and it hosed right off
really quickly.  When we were both cleaned off and his chunks had
washed down the drain, I pulled the kid out of the shower by his neck;
I had his head locked under my right arm; I turned off the shower and
I dragged him to the dressing room area in his mother's bedroom, she
had this like desk thing, with a mirror, and a little white chair.  I
grabbed a hairbrush off the table and pulled out the chair and yanked
the kid down over my knee, both of us bare ass naked, and started
whaling the piss out of the little fucker.

Holy SHIT you should've heard the little brat howl.

"OWWWWWWWWWWWW... THTOPPIT!" he shrieked, twisting and sliding,
jerking with each red mark I left on his butt, slipping wetly against
my lap.  My cock was starting to perk up already then, his smooth
flesh sliding against me.  Jesus I wish I was a teenager again, could
get it up three times in a row like that without any help from drugs
or toys or "sex-aids".

I was smiling, smacking him harder and faster with his mother's brush,
landing blow after blow on his skinny ass, spotting it bright red as
my cock rose to push into his belly.

I pulled him off my lap; the kid fell to his knees howling and
clutching at his ass.  I hadn't beat him THAT bad; I found out later
he'd never even been SPANKED in his whole life.  I couldn't fucking
believe it the kid was ten fucking years old and NOBODY had ever
SPANKED him???

I got up off the chair and knelt down on the floor behind the kid and
pushed him forward so he was on all fours; that was when I noticed the
big full-length mirror at the end of the closet area I was facing; it
was SO choice; I'd be able to bone out his ass and watch the whole
thing.  I crawled over the kid, wrapped my left hand in the hair at
the back of his head and pulled his head up so he was looking straight
into the mirror; I wanted to SEE the expression on his face when I
buried my woodie in his backside.

I grabbed his hip with my right hand and leaned forward; staring
straight at his face in the mirror, I pressed my cock-head against his
tortured little muscle.  This kid's eyes flew open in horror as my
cock split through the ring of his ass, and our gaze locked for an
instant as I forced my way into his rectum; it was the most intensely
powerful feeling in my young life, maybe in my whole life, as I stared
at the kid, my cock sliding into his behind, his hard little muscle
rolling along my shaft.

In that instant I knew I had captured his soul.  I kept my hand in his
hair and with my other hand to steady our slippery wet bodies, I
started to really ride the kid beneath me.  I thrust forward, my near-
hairless groin slapping against his bruised, enflamed buttocks; the
kid opened his mouth and squealed like a stuck pig as he lurched
forward on his knees as my cock burrowed into his depths, his head
pulled back by my hand in his hair, his puny neck muscles straining
with the efforts of screaming as our balls collided, my dick buried as
far into him as I could forceit..

I rode him hard, our wet bodies slipping on the hardwood floor as I
pistoned my cock in and out of this kid's tight little butt, my shaft
painted red with the blood from his almost-virgin ass.  The kid was
shrieking bloody murder as I thrust brutally into him, sliding my cock
back and forth through the tight hard ring of his young sphincter
muscle, ripping open his anus with my brutal attentions.  But we were
inside then; the houses in HIS neighborhood were so far apart no-one
could hear anything from next door; his mother would be gone for
another two or three hours, so I let the kid shriek, it excited me.

I rode him that way for a while, because I liked watching his facial
contortions as my dick tortured his innards; his eyes were tightly
shut, tears were streaming down his face flushed red from the exertion
of it all.

I pulled out of the kid's chute, dribbling blood from the end of my
cock, and pushed him roughly forward; he bruised his breastbone as he
landed on his stomach.  I crawled over him again, pressed my hands
against his shoulders, pinning him face down on the floor in his
mother's bedroom and re-penetrated.  I know now the angle I penetrated
him at must've caused him unbelievable agony; all I knew then was that
he twisted and fought, making it even more pleasurable for me as I
held him helpless, raping his wimp ass.  I looked up into the mirror,
exulting in the sight of my fat hard dick, already big even though not
full-grown, sliding wetly, lubricated with his blood, splitting wide
his tight narrow buttocks.  I yanked his hair, pulled his head up, his
chin on the floor, just as I felt my nuts jerk; the kids eyes flew
open in surprise as my jizz shot, wet and hot, into his colon, and I
locked eyes with him again.  I can't imagine what it felt like to him
as my hot sperm splashed into his gut in spurts, but he looked
surprised, and I just loved the look on his face as I stared him down,
lying on top of him with my softening bone still buried inside him.

I pulled out of the kid and went to shower again, leaving him lying
prone and sobbing.

"Man you better clean yourself before you mother comes home and
catches you," I said to him.  "If it was me, I wouldn't want MY mother
finding out I was a fucking sperm-bag homo."

The kid just lay there and sobbed, long choking gasps, as I showered,
washing his funk off my body.  I wanted to call my best friend 'Dozer
and tell him about my discovery.  We spent almost all our free time
back then talking about getting laid, if I shared what I'd learned
that day with him, that all you had to do was take what you wanted,
maybe he'd help me figure out where we could find us some PUSSY.  Rump
roast was fine, but I was really eager to taste it ALL.

I left the kid lying there as I dressed.  The knees on my jeans really
were fucked, there'd be hell to pay later, but goddamn, I had had my
first piece of chicken and it had tasted GOOD.

"Is that a car engine?"  I remarked casually.  The kid's mother wasn't
due for another couple hours at least, but he jumped, rose painfully
to his knees, and limped into the shower still feeling my pole up his
ass.  I went downstairs to watch some color TV and grab another Coke.
Good grades and school spirit had paid off in Aces for me that day.


CHICKENHAWK:  "The Beginning" (Part 3)

Some friends come and go, you outgrow them, you change, they change,
but other friends you keep forever.  Me and 'Dozer we were kindred
spirits; he moved into the neighborhood when we were five. He was
still called 'Georgie' back then, but people started calling him
'Dozer because of his penchant for barrelling down the sidewalk on his
tricycle and running into anyone in his way.  Short for "bulldozer"
maybe?  The first time I met him was when the two of us just
spontaneously, without even speaking, chased down Mary Catherine
McCray and pulled her panties down to find out what girls' parts
looked like.  She was a very desirable older woman, a first-grader,
and we were kindergarten babies; we had a good grope with stubby
little fingers before a couple of her myriad older brothers pulled us
off her and beat the crap out of us; they told their mother who beat
the crap out of us, she told her old man who beat the crap out of us,
and he told the whole goddamn neighborhood that we were a couple of
hoodlum perverts.

We HAD to be friends then; no-one else in the neighborhood was allowed
to play with us for the rest of eternity.


I'd been reaming old Todd for a couple weeks before I felt like
sharing him with 'Dozer.  I mean, sure he was my pal, my compadre, all
that shit, but this was SEX, man.  I was thirteen, and I'd found me a
regular piece of ass, I didn't want to risk a good thing, and mostly I
wasn't sure if he'd think I was a perv, a fag, a homo, a fairy,
queer-bait, you know.  Me and 'Dozer had twice been nailed for chasing
down girls on the playground and groping them behind the bushes that
ran the length of the property; I mean big fucking deal, it's not like
we raped them or anything, we were only in third grade the first time
we cornered that little first grader, and it was fifth grade when we
caught Tracy Weinman from the fourth, she was already growing titties
and I don't know about 'Doze, but I just HAD to touch them.  Normal
curiosity.  We cornered a lot of little boys too; we beat up our share
of sissies and faggots after school, and it sure got ME hard, groping
between their legs and making them cry.  'Dozer's always been fat, the
way his clothes fit him I never did manage to tell if `he rose to the
occasion' when we were pounding those little geeks, anyhow, none of
the boys ever told on us.

"So 'Doze..." I said to him one day after school, after about my fifth
session with Todd.  We were hanging out at 'Dozer's house; his mother
worked, his older sister was doing some club thing at the High School.
His younger sister wasn't around.  She kept pretty scarce; she was in
the sixth grade, in the Jr High with us, I pretty much ignored her.

"You ever thought about what it'd be like to fuck a boy up the ass?"

He got the weirdest look on his face.  He was my best friend, but that
doesn't mean I knew what went on in his head.

"Whatta you askin' me??"  Dozer sat on the floor, resting his back on
the bed, giving me the weirdest look as he picked at a zit on his
neck.  He was a big fucking kid I think he topped the scales at like
185-200 lbs; sure he was tall, he was like my height back then, 5'6"
but he was still a whale.  He wasn't stupid, but he got shit grades
because he was ugly and he didn't suck up like I did.  I was shameless
man, I wanted a free ride, and I got it.  I didn't mind handing
leftovers to my friend.

I sat in his rickety desk chair, facing him.  "I'm just askin' if you
ever thought about pokin' yr dick in some faggot's ass, if you ever
thought about using a little fairy like a girlfriend."

Dozer looked at me for a while, and he started laughing.

"Yr poking that kid they're making you hang out with!"  He howled,
rolling around on his bedroom floor, tears running from his face.  I
jumped on him and started punching at him, laughing and wrestling.
'Dozer managed to pin me, he had the weight advantage by at least 50
lbs.

"Man," Dozer smacked me playfully, "you been holding out on me you
hosebag!"

"Hey, be nice or I won't invite you over to the kid's house this
weekend.

***

That Sunday I forced 'Dozer into a nice yellow golf shirt and a pair
of tan chinos; his better looking school clothes.  God, remember dress
codes??  My brother Chuck got sent home from the High School once and
told to shave; no facial hair allowed.  They did away with dress codes
in 1969 when the kids at the High School threatened to riot.  Damn I
missed them making girls wear dresses, though.  Our Jr. High was way
over-crowded and it was so easy to get a quick grope up under girls
dresses when kids would pack in tight trying to get into the library
during free periods; they'd turn around and you just smiled; they
couldn't prove it was your hand that was grabbing at their pussy under
their dress, and girls that age usually didn't want anyone to know
they'd been felt up.

"Hey you boys going out on a DA-ATE together?"  'Dozer's fat pig of an
older sister Judy leered, stumping by as we were heading out the front
door.  I couldn't stand that monster, neither could 'Dozer.  She was
an aesthetic monstrosity, a disgusting argument in favor of
infanticide.  *I* would've smothered the cow when it was obvious how
fat and ugly she would turn out, if it'd been up to me.

"Whassa matter, Dumbo, not gettin' any?"  'Dozer snarled, pushing past
his sister.

"At least I'm not a FAGGOT you little creep!" she hollered back.

"Hell, we're not homos," I snorted, "but if I had to choose between
sucking 'Dozer off or sticking my dick in a revolting whale like YOU,
no contest, 'Dozer's CUTER!"  'Dozer and I bolted out the front door,
screaming "rhino-butt" at the top of our lungs, his sister's yells
fading behind us.  We hit the bus stop panting.

"Pretty fast for a fat-boy," I complimented him.  Dozer was red-faced
and wheezing, but he really was amazingly agile.  The football coach
had been trying to recruit him for three years but 'Dozer was more
anti-social than even me, and kept telling him in so many words, to
get laid.

"Yeah..." He was wheezing, sweating even in the cold early November
chill.  "You're not too... bad yourself... for... a FAG!"

*

We were still laughing and punching each other when we got to Todd's
house around three that Sunday afternoon; I introduced 'Dozer, I even
remembered to call him 'George'.  Todd's mother could've cared less
that 'Dozer was there, she was going out, as usual.  She told us Todd
was upstairs in his room doing homework.  Free babysitting my ass!
Todd would pay for it with HIS, you could count on it.  She did give
us $5 to send out for pizza.

"If it's ok with your mothers you boys can stay for dinner," this
crazy lady told me and 'Dozer. "I won't be back too late, I'll call;
I'll be glad to give you boys a ride home."  And she was outta there
in a shot.

As soon as she was gone, 'Dozer and me started rummaging through her
fridge, helping ourselves to a couple sodas, a jar of pickles, a bag
of potato chips from her well-stocked pantry.  We sat at the kitchen
table, chowing down this rich bitch's junkfood.  Dozer was acting kind
of squirrelly, picking at his zits and belching around his soda.  And
he was usually pretty talkative, especially about sex; Christ, sex was
our bond, we were both out to get what we wanted.

"I'm getting bored 'Doze," I told him.

"Well finish your coke, let's go... do it..."  he got kind of red.

"Asshole!"  I laughed, "I meant I was bored with fucking the kid, I
want to try something new..."

"Whatta ya mean?"  'Dozer was puzzled.  "How many different ways ARE
there to stick yr dick in someone's ass??"

"I don't know," I was confused myself at the time.  "It was just more
fun the first time I boned him; he was scared sick because he didn't
know what I was going to do... and I was a stranger... that's why I
want YOU to fuck him, he doesn't know you, it'll be like the first
time again."

Todd was in his room, at his little desk, when 'Dozer and I found him.
He had his math homework open, but he was really distracted; he had to
have heard us arrive, heard his mother leave.  He was pulling at his
crotch; his little dick was hard, recently it had started jumping up
every time he saw me, even though I scared the piss out him.  Maybe
BECAUSE I scared the piss out of him.  He was trying to shove his
junior bone down between his legs where I wouldn't see it.  The kid
had on these ridiculous pants, they were a gray rattlesnake print,
bell-bottoms, and he was wearing one of those tacky tourist t-shirts
from Niagara Falls.

"Heya Snakepants, pretty sexy outfit," I leered.  I came up behind the
kid and pulled his chair backwards so he was tipped on his back facing
up at me; he squeaked in fright, and 'Dozer laughed.  The kid started
when he heard 'Dozer's voice, rolled sideways, and landed in a heap on
the floor.  I pushed the chair back under the desk, and picked the kid
off the floor throwing him down roughly on his bed.  I jumped on top
of him, playfully slapping at his head as he squealed like the goddamn
pansy that he was, begging me to "thtoppit".

I was getting really excited, rough-housing with the kid, but I'd
promised 'Dozer first crack at his ass.  'Dozer'd been leaning in the
doorway, quietly stroking himself through the front of his chinos.  He
came over to the bed where I was tickling and poking Todd, who was
screeching horrificly, begging and gasping, grotesque, grunting
laughter ripping from his skinny chest.  Dozer came over to the bed.
He reached into the fray, and together we managed to pull the kid's
clothes off, exposing his hard little prick, his skinny chest, and
protruding rib-cage, grabbing at the white flesh of his tight skinny
ass as he twisted and rolled, struggling to free his hands and protect
his genitals.

I knelt on the kid's wrists, pinning them to the bed above his head; I
was leaning comfortably with my back against the wall.  The kid had a
whole double size bed to himself; I was pretty envious of the rich
bastard, but I was glad we had plenty of room to horse around.  I
grabbed his ankles so that the kid was bent right in half, his naked
ass pointing outward, hanging over the side of the bed.

'Dozer started slapping at the kid's cock, pinching the small bulging
head painfully between his thumb and forefinger, twisting and slapping
at his balls, while he rubbed his own crotch faster and harder, his
own dick starting to bulge noticeably against his fly.  'Dozer was
grinning like a pig in shit as the kid's screams got more and more
frantic.  He let go of the kid's little cock; it still danced and
bobbed on it's own; it didn't seem to care what kind of stimulation it
received, it was hard and happy even as the kid cried and begged us to
leave him alone.

"Man 'Doze, don't WASTE it cummin' in yr pants," I advised.  I was
really impatient to see him split open the kid's butt.  "Stick it in
his ass already!"

'Dozer wasted no time.  He quickly dropped his pants around his
ankles, fat his belly spilling out.  I was surprised at how hairy he
already was; his dick was average size I guess; it seemed small in
relation to his gut though.  'Dozer's cock was nice and hard and
purple, and he grabbed Todd by the back of his skinny knees and
pressed the snot end of his fuck-stick against the button of his ass.
I watched as the muscle spasmed, reflexively dilating to let 'Dozer
in, instead of clenching tightly shut the way virgin buttholes do.
I'd broken the kid in well over the previous few weeks.

Todd moaned pitifully as Dozer plowed his cock into his skinny young
body; unlubricated and unwelcome, Dozer's dick burrowing into his ass
no doubt still hurt, no matter how many times I'd pried it open with
my own.

With a tremendous grunt, 'Dozer was buried up to the base in the kid's
ass, his balls slapping against the bony ridge of the kid's
protruding, curled spine.  His gut nearly covered the kid's balls,
pressing softly against the back of the kid's skinny thighs.

It was really something, I had a bird's-eye view of 'Dozer's dong
tearing into the kid's ass, threatening to turn it inside out as he
started to really fuck the kid. I was threatening to bust my own
zipper; I hadn't realized how exciting just watching would be.  Dozer
was banging the kid's butt hard, his fat gut slapping against the back
of the kid's thighs, covering the kid's balls each time he rammed his
cock home.  Todd screamed horribly as 'Dozer's meat tore through his
butt-muscle and drove deep into his rectum; 'Dozer was pounding away
now for all he was worth, and I knew it would be safe to let go of
Todd's arms; the way 'Dozer was reaming the little faggot's tail there
wasn't much chance he would be able to escape.  I crawled off the bed
around the two furiously humping figures and shucked my own shoes and
pants, letting my rod out for some air.  I folded my pants and laid
them on the kid's desk, away from the action where they might pick up
nasty body fluids, and jumped back into the fray.

I sat back down with the crown of the kid's head pressed into my naked
crotch; my fat dick resting against the top of Todd's head.  'Dozer
was lost in the sensations centered between his legs, he was grunting
like a fucking boar, sweating like you couldn't believe, and the kid
just screamed like a banshee through the whole thing; christ he really
was a fucking wimp, you'd think he was being fist-fucked or raped with
a baseball bat.  As Dozer slammed into him, the top of Todd's head
rubbed against my crotch; just the idea that I was being masturbated
by my buddy's fucking motion made me nearly shoot right then.

I reached forward to take up torturing the kid's prick; it wasn't as
hard as it had been, but it was still damned "peppy".  I pulled on the
shaft, yanking it towards me as Dozer would pull out, twisting the
kid's nuts painfully as Dozer slammed back into the kid's ass.

Dozer moaned ecstaticly "Onnhhh... god, hurt him worse," 'Dozer
begged, "his whole body jerks me off when you torture him..."

I was happy to comply.  I have this real oral fix; I like to bite. I
knelt forward and took the head of the kid's dick in my mouth, and
clamped my teeth just below the sensitive ridge; I started twisting
the kid's nipples, my cock jerking expectantly against the kid's head
as his screams escalated; the more he shrieked and twisted, impaled on
'Dozer's dick, the more it excited 'Dozer who humped even harder and
faster, hurting the kid more and making him scream ever louder; they
were thrashing around so wildly that I was having a hard time holding
onto the kid's turgid little cock.

'Dozer suddenly started slamming into the kid with bone-crunching
fury; I knew he was coming, and I bit down really hard on the kid's
cock and jerked my head, twisting back and forth the way a dog'll
worry a chew-toy.

Todd was jerking spasticly beneath our bodies, howling hysterically,
thrashing out of control, tortured to the edge of orgasm.  The first
drops of his miserable pre-cum dribbled into my mouth; I spit it onto
his belly; furious, revolted.

I totally fucking lost it, I was punching him in the gut, smacking him
across the face; slapping his tears loose, as his dick shot a puny
little stream of jizz all over his belly.  His cries were hoarse and
ragged as I continued pummeling his scrawny frame.  'Dozer had come;
he was rubbing his shit and cum coated cock on the kid's butt-cheeks;
there was not much blood this time, I guess Todd's butt was finally
getting used to taking cock by then.  Todd was hiccupping and sobbing,
his ass-muscle spasming, his belly twitching, his cock limp after his
pathetic orgasm.

I was super hard, my anger was fuelling my libido, stoking my lust, I
didn't even care that 'Dozer's cum was lubricating the kid's ass; I
had to have it, right then and there.  I spun the kid around, he was
too limp and exhausted from 'Dozer's butt-fucking and my pummeling to
even protest; I shoved his knees against his chest; and leaned over
him and rammed my cock down into his butt; I humped violently,
frenziedly; I thrust my cock into Todd with as much force as I could
muster and was rewarded with a shattering wail; it sounded like it was
ripped from his very soul.  His rectum clutched tightly at me as I
tortured his innards; it was as if in my fury I was trying to
eviscerate him with my dick.  An inhuman moan was echoing through the
room as I reamed this kid; we were lurching dangerously toward the
side of his bed, when suddenly the sound choked off.

'Dozer had shoved his filthy cock into the kid's mouth; the kid's head
was hanging backwards over the side of the bed, and 'Dozer was fucking
deep into the kid's throat, holding him still as I brutalized his ass,
able to penetrate even more deeply and violently with 'Dozer helping
to steady the body beneath me.

I came in quick violent spasms, digging my nails into the back of the
kids legs, drawing blood as I dug into him, holding him still while I
shot my cum into his ass, pushing 'Dozer's cum even deeper up into his
colon.  My cock stayed hard for a while after I came, and I leaned
over the boy beneath me, still humping up into him, biting each
nipple, twisting my mouth and tugging at the little nub of flesh as
the kid's body jerked spasticly, thrashing as he struggled for air
around Dozer's dick sliding in and out of his mouth, skewered at both
ends by me and my buddy's cocks.

I'd tried to kill the little bastard with my dick; I'd tried to beat
him to death from the inside out.  GOD it felt good.

I think that was my first really satisfying psycho-fuck.


Name:  "Chicken Hawk: Chapter 2, The Beginning (part 4a)"

We had a *very* white Christmas that year that I was Todd's "big
brother", white with garlands of cum.  'Dozer and I were feeling
generous, and we let the Schiffman twins have a taste of Todd's ass
and mouth in exchange for a quart of whiskey and enough speed for the
four of us.  I remember Christmas fell on a Wednesday that year, 1968,
because Todd's old lady had to work the couple days after Christmas
before the weekend, and so we had him all to ourselves for almost
eight solid hours, two days in a row.  Me and 'Doze offered to babysit
the kid; his mom had gotten to know 'Doze over the couple of weeks
that had passed since I'd first introduced 'Dozer to the pleasures of
Todd's skinny little ass, and she trusted him well enough.

Stupid bitch.

*

'Dozer and me had talked about our plans for those two days ever since
we knew about it.  'Dozer's old man was pissed as hell that 'Dozer was
bagging the family scene, 'Dozer's grandparents were visiting and his
old man liked the whole family to sit around the house during
Christmas, in some twisted Norman Rockwell thing where they glared at
each other, ate a lot of candy, played different board games, called
each other names, told each other how stupid they were when one of
them fucked up, made his little sister cry.  I was over there a couple
Christmas afternoons when I was a kid, but it was at least as grim as
my own damn house, and that's saying a *lot*.  Anyway, his old man
thought Christmas should be just the family, trapped in the house all
day, no-outsiders-goddammit.  'Dozer's dad was at least as sick as my
old man, but as psycho as my old man was, he'd just as soon get rid of
us as have us around to torture.

"I wanna fuck him outside in the snow, man, have his ass keep my meat
warm."  'Dozer told me a couple weeks before Christmas.  He was
grinning; I could see his dick starting to dance around in his pants
as the image formed in his mind.  We'd been double-humping Todd for
about a month by then, our boners didn't embarrass us anymore.  Shit
not even in public, like they did most guys our age.

Only the week before, Rebecca Connolly had come to school in this
amazing green mini-skirt, white go-go boots, she'd dropped her
notebook in algebra class and bent over right in front of my face.
God, I remember my dick doing a double-gainer in my pants when her
cherry little butt appeared in front of my nose.  Most guys would of
gone all weird, trying to stuff the bone down between their legs,
especially when a couple of the guys around me noticed and started
laughing and whispering and pointing.

Not me, man.  I'd grinned big, spread my legs wider and grabbed for
her crotch, stroking myself with my other hand, in full view of the
other kids in class.

"Hey Becky, back up and help me out, huh?" I'd whispered at her, a
loud stage whisper, for the other guys' benefit.  The guys around us
were laughing hysterically, nervously, and Becky squealed when my
fingers hit pay-dirt.  Naturally she dropped her books again, and she
whipped around to slap my face but I grabbed her wrist mid-air and
pulled her hand to my crotch.

"Aw c'mon at least a hand-job," I'd mocked, rubbing her hand along my
growing bulge before she had time to jerk it away in disgust.

"YOU'RE a PIG!" she'd shrieked.  Her face had gone all red, and she'd
looked like she was going to cry; that's always made me harder, when
they cry.  I'd been afraid I was going to pop a load in my jockeys,
but I managed to control it somehow.  She hadn't told on me.  She
*knew* she was asking for it.  Christ, in that outfit, she probably
made old dried up Mr. Havercek the algebra teacher hard too.


"I wanna fuck him in the ass and when I cum I wanna shoot my cock-snot
in the snow, watch it melt the powder and then freeze."  'Dozer
continued his plans for our Christmas vacation with Todd.  "What
temperature you figure semen freezes at?"

'Dozer was definitely weird.

"Jesus why don't you do that as your project for the Spring Science
Fair?" I suggested.

"Fuck you."  'Dozer laughed.  We'd really been feeling the Christmas
spirit.

"I wanna get a gang-fuck going," I mused.  "Just for some variety.
Keep Todd plugged for as long as one of us can keep it up, the idea of
him having a cock pounding into him for like three or four hours
non-stop really fucking gets me off."  I was getting hard as I
described my ideas to 'Dozer. "You know the Schiffmans right?"

"Yeah, I heard some kid in the locker room saying they're fags, suck
each other off, stuff like that," 'Dozer confirmed my suspicions.

"Cool, that's what I been hearing too!"  I was ecstatic.  "They'll be
really into it, and they'll be easy to blackmail and keep quiet."


**

The Day after Christmas, Todd's mother needed to be at work by ten.  I
don't know what she did, she didn't work in any damn factory though,
that's for sure.  I think she was some kind of editor or something, in
the City.  She picked us up at eight in the morning the day after
Christmas and dumped us off at her house with a copy of her key, so we
could go out and "play" in the middle of the day.  There was a fresh
snow fall, enough for some good sledding in the woods near where
Schiffmans lived, it was an excuse for us to fuck Todd's brains out in
some interesting new locations, and her neighbors wouldn't get
suspicious of too many of my scummy friends invading her house.

The kid had got some pretty neat stuff for Channukah, his old man had
bought him a tape recorder; that really juiced me, when I saw it.  The
first thing I thought of was taping a nice vigorous butt-banging
session, to replay later for me and 'Dozer's amusement.  Capture Todd
grunting and squealing like a stuck pig as 'Dozer, me, and the
Schiffman's porked him.  I wanted to record for future lonely wanks,
when Todd's butt wasn't available, all the wet squishy sounds of our
cocks alternately prying open his butt cheeks and gagging his cries as
one of us pounded into him from behind, pushing him forward to
deep-throat the dick in his mouth, the ones waiting their turn helping
to torture poor Todd to orgasm after pathetic orgasm, as he twisted on
the spit of our meat, pleasuring the cocks buried in his body with his
agonized gyrations.  I wanted to be able to hear all the slippery
suction noises of cock after cock sliding back and forth in his
cum-filled cavities, filling him to over-flowing with our jizz, as I
relived the experience at home with only my sweaty palm for company.


The first thing we did after Todd's mom dropped us off was drag Todd
out into the back yard so 'Dozer could fuck him in the snow.  We got
him all decked out in snow pants, boots, mittens, hat, ski jacket, all
that shit.  It would really suck if he got sick from being too cold
for too long and we lost time with our regular piece of tail because
he had the flu.

The three of us horsed around in Todd's backyard, with the nice high
privacy fence, and big tall trees, chucking snowballs at each other,
rolling each other in the snow; Todd was laughing, happy.  I was
wearing long underwear, I don't know about 'Doze, but though I was
warm enough to not be miserable, I sure wasn't getting aroused, it was
just too fucking cold.  After a little bit of this horseplay though,
'Dozer gave me the look, that he was ready.  I grabbed Todd around the
neck, so he was kneeling in the snow on all fours, and quickly yanked
his snow-pants, jeans, long underwear down, exposing his little white
butt to the freezing temperatures.

"NO PLEE-EEEASE, it's too COLD, I'm FREEZING!" Todd begged, twisting
and crying as I held him in position for 'Dozer.

"Heya Toddy, 'Dozer will warm you up from the inside out, don't
worry," I laughed, slapping his face with my gloved hand, his tears
splashing hotly into the snow.

'Dozer dropped his pants; in the instant before he knelt behind Todd's
exposed cheeks and buried his bone in Todd's backside his hard-on
shrank noticeably as the cold December air made contact.

"Unh GOD!"  Dozer lurched excitedly as the length of his dick forced
it's way into Todd's anus and his groin slapped against the cold
globes of Todd's exposed flesh.  He started banging Todd's ass with a
frenzied, staccato rhythm, his nuts protected from the cold air by the
jeans he had barely lowered to let his cock out to do it's work.

I let go of Todd, with Dozer's dick planted in his rump I didn't need
to hold him for 'Dozer, and I sat back on my heels to watch my buddy
bang baby tail.  I was really amazed at how long he kept at it; he was
ramming that dick of his in and out of Todd's ass for at least ten or
fifteen minutes; he told me between grunts that it was the cold, and
the heat, the contrast, that kept him from cumming.  Todd was crying,
moaning pitifully that he was cold and wanted to go inside, in between
squeals of pleasure and pain as his body was buffeted about by the
cock pounding into his cold little behind.  'Dozer did finally manage
to squeeze off a round; he pushed Todd forward so he was laying belly
down in the snow, and pulled out to shoot a couple small spurts of
sticky white jism on the back of Todd's ski jacket.  I could tell
'Dozer was frustrated, that more jizz was built up in his nuts but had
crawled back down when the cold air hit his meat when he pulled out of
Todd's ass, and he hadn't gotten off like he needed to.

Seeing Todd prone like that, his little white butt exposed to the
chill, I couldn't resist, I pulled an icicle down from the swing-set
near where we'd been screwing Todd, and 'Dozer, having stuffed his
wilted dick back into his pants, held Todd down in the snow while I
raped his wimp ass with this ice dildo.  Christ did he ever scream
bloody murder when I thrust that thing into him; I guess it must've
really frozen up his gut, but he was warm enough that it melted really
quickly as I fucked him with it, and when it was too small to grip I
shoved it all the way in past the hard ring of muscle so it stayed
inside.  We pulled the little sissy to his feet, the ice chunk still
melting inside him, and pulled up his pants over his cold wet ass, and
dragged him back into the house.  Todd ran for the bathroom that was
off the backyard entranceway where the dryer and washing machine were.
From the sound of it, the ice melting inside him was acting like an
enema.

Me and 'Doze were soaked to the skin from kneeling and rolling in the
snow, and we needed to dry out our clothes.  'Dozer walked in on Todd,
sitting on the toilet, still wearing his ski-jacket and mittens, his
pants around his ankles, doubled over, expelling the last of the icy
water that had melted inside him.

"Hey you guys!"  Todd squealed, covering his genitals, strangely
modest, considering I'd been shoving my dick in his ass for nearly
four months by then, and 'Dozer had boned him at least five or six
times.

'Dozer dropped his pants around his hips.  We'd determined to make
good use of the time we had with Todd, and 'Doze was frustrated as
hell from his unsatisfying lay in the snow.

"Suck me," he ordered Todd, straddling his seated form, grabbing the
sides of Todd's head and pressing his half-hard boner against Todd's
lips.  At least that's what it looked like he was doing, there wasn't
room for two teenagers and a ten-year-old in that small bathroom.  All
I could really see was the bottom half of Todd's body and 'Dozer's fat
butt.

Todd must of complied with 'Dozer's `request', because 'Dozer's butt
was moving rhythmicly; I could hear the porcelain lid of the water
closet clanking as Todd's body slammed back into it from the force of
'Dozer's humping motions, and Todd was making gurgling sucking noises.
Todd was being a `good boy' these days, passively complying with
whatever we felt like doing to him; he knew by now we would do it
anyway, and more importantly, he usually got off on it.  Yeah yeah,
sure he whined like the pathetic little faggot he was that he didn't
*want* to, he didn't *like* it, but he never fought back, and his DICK
sure seemed to like it all right.

I knelt down and started pulling Todd's boots off, to get the clothes
off the bottom half of his body, while 'Dozer had him pinned to the
can, raping his face.  'Dozer was making some interesting grunting
sounds; Todd's feet twitched periodically, as he struggled to breathe
around 'Dozer's dick, which I imagined was getting nice and hard, from
the sound of Todd's gagging and 'Dozer's moans.

I tossed Todd's clothes back towards the dryer, and grabbed one of his
ankles and brushed the sole lightly with my fingernail; he squealed
around the cock in his mouth and his whole body jerked; 'Dozer moaned,
and his butt started really bouncing, as I slowly tickled the soles of
Todd's feet.

Dozer backed up rather suddenly, knocking me flat on my back.

"Jesus, what the fuck're you doing??"  I swore at him, scrambling out
from under him.

"Oh GOD," 'Dozer backed away from the scene in the bathroom, turning
around, holding his aching purple rod.  "I GOT to get this in his ass,
I just GOT to skewer him, I don't want to waste it in his face, not
after the little homo was such a lousy lay outside."

'Dozer was still humping his hips, struggling to get his jeans, long
underwear, boots, socks off, clumsier than ever in his lust, his ass
facing Todd, who was sitting quietly on the can, obscured from my view
by 'Dozer's body.  I pulled my own clothes off and tossed them in the
dryer and began lazily stroking my flaccid cock.

When 'Dozer finally managed to get naked from the waste down, his cock
jutting from between the tails of his red flannel shirt, he turned
around and together we hauled Todd out of the bathroom and carried him
into the kitchen.  His little pecker was sticking out from his body
like he was thumbing a ride, even as he whimpered that his butt still
hurt from the ice.

Todd's ass was still freezing cold when we sat him down on the edge of
the kitchen table; 'Dozer grabbed Todd's skinny little legs and
flipped him onto his back; before the back of Todd's head had slammed
into the formica 'Dozer's had his dick burrowed balls deep in Todd's
ass and he was pumping furiously, tearing Todd's butt-muscle open with
each vigorous jab, the hot length of his cock punishing the cold-
constricted walls of Todd's anus as he plowed his meat into the young
boy writhing beneath him.

"It HURTS!," Todd wailed, tears splashing from his thrashing head even
as his dick danced in the air above his groin.  'Dozer continued
pistoning his cock in Todd, his warm thighs slapping against the cold
flesh of Todd's buttocks each time he managed to ram the full length
of his dick into his ass.

"Onnnhhh!"  'Dozer moaned, slamming Todd back and forth on the edge of
his kitchen table by the force of his cock working in his ass, "he's
so ..." 'Dozer's thought trailed off and he lost himself in a humping
frenzy.  He leaned over Todd and thrust furiously; Todd's wailing
escalated to keep a tempo with the vicious reaming his ass was taking,
and I found myself growing harder as Todd's desperation increased and
his erection flagged.

"PLeeeeease!"  Todd was wailing desperately.  I stroked myself
excitedly.

"aaaannnnggggggggg..... "

Todd shrieked as 'Dozer pulled completely out and repenetrated with a
savage lust, humping wildly, pulling out and re-penetrating over and
over again, his balls slapping wetly against Todd's curled spine as he
drove his cock relentlessly into Todd's pale skinny ass.

"aangghh aangghh Anngghh AANNGGHH!"

Todd was hiccupping and moaning, punctuating 'Dozer's penetrating
thrusts with near-hysterical shrieks of agony.  I watched as 'Dozer
came, grinding his member even more deeply into Todd's rump, pushing
his cum as far into him as possible.  'Dozer's humping slowed, and
then stopped, as Todd's cries subsided; Todd was by the end only
sniffling, his eyes red, his face tear-stained, as 'Dozer pulled out
of his ass and let Todd's legs flop down to hang over the end of the
kitchen table.  Todd lay passively, crying softly, his dick completely
wilted, a small dribble of his pre-cum dotting his belly his only
reward, his pleasure centers overwhelmed by the pounding his ass had
just taken.  Todd pulled at his soft little prick, trying to jerk some
more substantial pleasure out of the experience, as 'Dozer's cum
leaked from his tortured ass.

"Oh man... "  'Dozer was exhausted.  "It must of been the ice you
shoved in there, it was so TIGHT, man."

I smiled.

"The cold, the heat... Jesus!"  'Dozer was nearly incoherent, trying
to explain the incredible sensations, the pleasure that Todd's ass had
just milked from his loins.  "It was better than any of the other
times, anyway that's all *I* know."

I have to smile as I think about Todd eating dinner at that table that
very night, with his mom.  I doubt he ever sat at his kitchen table
again without remembering that morning.  It was what, nine, nine-
thirty??  'Dozer and me were young, we'd be getting it up again and
again, all day, and the next day.  And the Schiffmans were expecting
us that afternoon.

I went to Todd's freezer, pulled out an ice cube, and went back to the
table where Todd was just sitting up.

"My turn!"  I grinned at him, pushing him back down onto his back.

Todd whimpered patheticly; tears began streaking down the sides of his
face.

"He already fucked me," he whimpered.  "It *hurts*."

I pushed his legs back towards his body, holding him down with the
weight of my upper body.

"I know," I grinned.

Still holding him curled up, his little brown button lewdly exposed, I
reached back and quickly stuffed the ice cube through Todd's sphincter
muscle.

Before he had time to react, I grabbed his skinny little legs behind
the knees and using my cock as a ram, I swiftly penetrated, pushing
the ice cube deep into his rectum.  Todd shrieked; his ass grabbed my
cock in a vise-grip as the cold began spreading inside him.

It was unbelievable; the shock as the hot, sensitive head of my cock
made contact with that small cube of ice very nearly made me lose my
erection, but that same small piece of ice was causing Todd's rectum
to squeeze my shaft for all it was worth; his sphincter clutched at my
cock with an amazing strength; it was as effective as any cock-ring at
keeping me hard; I couldn't have lost my boner if I'd wanted to, and I
*didn't*.  As soon as I pulled back from that piece of ice, Todd's
bowels clutching at my cock made me eager to slam back into him; my
dick warmed inside Todd's rectum as it retreated, and I had to use all
the force I could muster to push my bone through the cold wall of
muscle.  Todd shrieked, screamed, begged me to stop, even as the ice
melted and lubricated my cock's passage and his dick perked up.

I smiled as Todd begged pitifully, and leaned over him, his tiny prick
and swollen little nuts poking into my belly.  Using the weight of my
upper body to pin his legs against his chest,I continued fucking his
choice little ass, the cold water melting inside him keeping me from
coming, keeping him tight, keeping me hard.  He still had his winter
jacket on, the nylon made exciting noises against the formica table as
his body slid back and forth from the force of my cock pushing into
him.

"You're so tight like this..."  I slapped his face, I wanted him to
look at me as I fucked him, I wanted him to see in my eyes that I
*owned* him.

Todd did open his eyes in surprise when I slapped him; his bottom lip
quivered and he bawled like a baby when our gaze locked. My cock
swelled at the sight of his tears, and I pushed my woodie especially
hard and deep into his belly, the cold hard band of his ass-muscle
rolling along the length of my shaft as I continued staring him down
as I worked my cock inside him.

I held his shoulders, my arms wrapped around his legs, preventing him
from sliding, allowing me to push as deeply into him as I could.  Todd
arched his head back, and he actually howled; the sound of his wailing
made me stiffer yet.  I humped furiously, enjoying his pain, noting
how hard his cock had become as it pushed into my stomach.  The cold
water from the ice cube that had by then completely melted in his
bowels was leaking out around my churning cock, and as the temperature
inside Todd's rectum continued to rise back to normal, I humped even
faster, deeper, harder, my groin slapping wetly against his cold wet
buttocks, my balls slapping against his curled spine as the head of my
cock burrowed up into him, straining towards his colon.

I finally came, his tight cold ass muscle milking my dick as I rode
into the home stretch, thick gouts of jizz churning in my nuts,
bubbling the length of my prick, rushing out the eye of my cock into
the depths of Todd's ass, the water from the ice now warmed to body
temperature thinning my semen to a watery white.  Humping more slowly
then, after I'd deposited my snot in the little fairy's butt,
exhausted, but still horny, almost un-satisfied.  Still hard.

I pulled out of Todd's ass, my cock at three-quarter's mast, a string
of watery white cum dribbling from the winking button of Todd's
well-used rump.

I don't know when he'd stopped crying; Todd continued to lie on his
back on his kitchen table, naked from the waist, franticly pulling at
his hard little prick.  I stood between his legs and watched, amused,
as Todd jerked himself to orgasm, splashing a small stream of jizz
onto the bottom of his jacket.  I slapped his wilting pee-wee penis;
so sensitive after just jerking off, I almost don't like to touch
myself right after I've popped, it's so sensitive it almost hurts.
Todd jolted, as if electrocuted.

"Oh yeah, tell me you don't like it, you little sperm-bag," I taunted
the little sissy-boy.

Bare-ass naked, woodie in hand, I left Todd lying on his kitchen table
in the puddle of our sperm that had leaked from his butt.  No point in
getting dressed, I'd just have to get undressed when I wanted another
lick at his ass or mouth.  I went to look for 'Dozer, maybe watch some
TV until we got inspired to go another round.  I don't know where he'd
wandered off to while I'd been so occupied; I wanted to tell him how
right he'd been about the ice; it had kept me hard and humping for
nearly twenty minutes.  It was barely 10 am.


Name:  "Chicken Hawk: Chapter 2, The Beginning (part 4a)"

Todd lay on the table for a while after we fucked him; I think he
wasn't sure we weren't coming back for a second round, since my dick
had stayed hard after I pulled out of his ass dribbling me and
'Dozer's cum.  I found 'Dozer in the family room where the big color
TV was, guzzling down a can of soda and chowing from a bag of
pretzels.  It's still my breakfast of choice.  He was wearing his
flannel shirt but he was butt-naked from the waist down and he was
absent-mindedly stroking himself, pulling on his pecker with the
paper-towel he'd used to wipe Todd's butt-funk off his groin.  Todd
did finally get up from the table, I heard him trying to sneak through
the dining room to get to the stairs from the other direction.

"Hey Todd, come on in and watch some TV!"  I hollered out to him.  He
was somewhere between the dining room and living room, I could tell
from the silence that he'd stopped cold in his tracks.

I looked at Dozer, his cock was getting hard again, so was mine, all I
could think about was a nice long slow blow job...  Todd didn't dare
defy me, he crept into where we were sitting on the couch yanking pud
and watching TV.  He looked really ridiculous, bare-ass naked from the
waist down, wearing only a blue nylon ski jacket, streaks of Dozer's
dried cum decorating the back of it; I really did like the rasping
noises it made when he moved though.

"Suck me."

It's all I needed to tell him, the kid knew his job, he knelt down on
the floor in front of my spread legs and sucked my fat cock into his
mouth, using his tongue to trace the outline of the head, squeezing my
balls with one small hand, stroking and squeezing the shank of my
penis with his other hand, careful not to use any teeth, he knew I'd
smack him if he bit me.

Dozer reached out with his left foot to push at Todd's dick, and
together we spent the morning parked on the couch watching TV while
Todd knelt between one or the other of our legs sucking cock.  It
really was a trip having a personal butt-boy to do whatever we wanted;
occasionally I'd get too turned on, I'd make him turn around, on his
hands and knees, face the TV, watching "Rocky and Bullwinkle" or
"Bewitched" re-runs while I pumped my dick in his skinny little ass,
but I didn't waste any cum in him, neither did 'Dozer, we were saving
it for the party with Schiffmans.

Around 11:30 we headed over their house, we stuffed Todd into his
snow-suit, I hadn't told him what we were up to, just horsing around
in the snow, it was actually kind of fun chucking snowballs, goofing
around.  Well shit, I mean I *was* only thirteen, 'Doze too, Todd was
what, ten.

Schiffman's were waiting for us when we got there.  They only lived a
couple blocks from Todd, they were all rich bastards in that
neighborhood, but hell I didn't mind trading Todd's ass for a little
of their luxury, besides I was really hopped up at the idea of a mini
gang-bang.

"Hey Man!"  Steven I think it was.  Maybe Jason, I'm not sure.  One of
them had shorter hair than the other, but I could never remember which
one it was.  "Hey... Finkelstein?!"  Turns out they *knew* Todd, they
went to the same temple, and I guess they knew him from the
neighborhood.

"*This* little creep's your butt-boy??"  The other twin asked,
laughing, like he couldn't believe it.

"Problem?"  'Dozer was chilly, stone cold, he really didn't like these
guys, frankly neither did I, I had them figured for a couple of
goddamn homos, but what the fuck, carpe diem and all that.

They both laughed, real nervous.

"Nah," one of them reassured us, "The Fink's our favorite little homo.
Right Fink?  We knew you were a loser but we didn't know you were
*stupid*, too"

Turns out they'd been terrorizing him for years, bullying him, pulling
his pants down in front of the other kids, tossing his books down the
sewer, throwing his jacket up a tree, the usual kid stuff.  Something
about this whiny little puke just drove guys nuts, made them want to
torment him.

"So.  You got the speed?"  I wasn't wasting time with chit-chat, I
wanted to party.  "And the J.D.?"

We were still standing in the front hallway, Jason or Steven closed
the door behind us, we were dripping puddles it was making me kind of
nervous, making such a mess in that nice house, but they didn't seem
to notice much, or care.  Weird.

"Yeah yeah, downstairs, leave your boots up here, and your coats, our
mother'll pitch a fit if you stomp slush through the house."

Dozer and me pitched our boots onto the rubber mat near the door,
added them to their collection, piled our soaked coats and stuff on
the banister.  Spiff house man, these guys were even more loaded than
old Todd and his mom, upstairs, downstairs, finished basement, two-car
garage, big fucking lawn.  No damn mangy dogs chained up in the front
lawn barking all night snarling at every goddamn person that walked
by, not this neighborhood, you know?

"So Fink you just gonna stand there in your coat all day?"  one of
them was talking to Todd.  Poor old Todd just stood there in his
socks, looking kind of wild-eyed, I don't know if he had figured out
yet he was scheduled to be the party centerpiece, but he knew the
Schiffmans intimately as local bullies and he was all weirded out
being in their house.

"C'mon Todd-deee, make yrself at home."

Dozer laughed; the twins just stood there looking stupid.  I finally
had to undress the little geek, he stood there trembling, as I pulled
off his jacket, snow-pants, christ he was about as spastic as a
kindergartener.  We followed the twins down to their basement, and
*man* it was a Nice Basement, geee-zus!  Bright green shag carpet,
fully stocked wet-bar, refrigerator, nice couch, not ratty crap the
Goodwill wouldn't take, like my parents had in the damn *Living Room*,
there were a couple stuffed chairs, a glass coffee table.  Nice.
*Really* nice, but it was *still* a basement with big cement poles in
the middle of the room, holding up the rest of the house.

Steven and Jason were behind the bar, pulling out glasses, Dozer had
parked himself on the couch; Todd was curled up in one of the chairs,
his knees drawn up to his chest, chewing on his finger, pulling at his
fly.  I don't think he knew he did that when he was nervous, wanked
himself.

I was wandering around, checking stuff out.  They had a pretty nice
stereo record player, big fucking console thing, I was flipping
through the albums, one of the twins told me to put on some music; I
recognized a lot of the bands, stuff my brothers listened to, but they
sure never let me touch any of their albums, they only played them
when the old man was out of the house anyway (which by then wasn't
often enough).  I put on some Hendrix, as loud as it would take
without distorting, some Led Zeppelin, Cream.  Man that Disraeli Gears
album still gets me off, just hearing it I almost start tripping
again.  Deep Purple.  The Doors, that first album was the best.  1969
was like the big '60s zit, everything finally coming to a head but not
over the top yet, not quite bust, sex drugs rock 'n roll was peaking,
it was just before Jimi od'd before Janis Joplin offed herself before
Jim Morrison croaked before Mama Cass choked...  I hear that music I'm
thirteen again, I'm toasted, wasted, speeding my ass off, stoned,
drunk, I'm fucking horny as hell and I'm spending an afternoon balling
my fucking brains out...  balling TODD'S fucking brains out...  MAN!

[...Stacking records like that though, shit, I have to laugh now.  And
people lament the death of vinyl... Pat I'd like to buy a clue...]

We started off drinking, sitting around the coffee table, kind of
nervous, I mean 'Doze and me were from the other side of the damn
tracks, and here we were in these rich kids' house doing shots of Jack
Daniels, we were all a little nervous, Schiffmans were probably scared
we'd rob them or knife them, something stupid like that, but things
chilled out as we got more drunk; thirteen, they couldn't hold their
booze like me and Doze could, we'd been skimming my old man's whiskey
for a couple years by then, buying dope from my pot-head dealer
brother when we could scrounge the "bread" together.  We'd given Todd
a coke spiked with a fair portion of booze; even he was looking pretty
happy.

Schiffman's laid out the speed, four caps, "black beauties"; I miss
those days of good quality pharmaceutical speed, oh well.  Mesc, I
haven't seen mescaline in years.  Todd just watched, wide-eyed, as we
downed the caps, washing them down with a nice shot of J.D.

"Fuck."  one of the Schiffmans was talking, kind of slurred, his
pupils were getting bigger as the speed reached the blood vessels in
his head.  He looked a little weird to me too; I hadn't done any speed
before then; I don't think any of us had.  I *really* liked how I was
feeling... So... Alive!  Powerful.

It was some weird psychic thing, I swear it, because the four of us
just simultaneously grabbed for Todd, yanking him in all directions,
tearing at his clothes we were in like a feeding frenzy my god I'm
surprised we didn't tear him limb from limb and fuck our individual
pieces of him, we were that horny, that juiced.

And Todd himself was pretty wasted, he didn't even squeal or struggle
much; in fact he had a nice little hard-on when we laid him out on his
back on the coffee table, his head was hanging down over the side.
One of the twins was kneeling there in front of Todd's upside down
face, his jeans down around his hips, holding his boner out, rubbing
it around Todd's face; the other twin had pulled his pants completely
off and climbed onto the table, he was straddling Todd's chest,
rubbing his woodie up and down the skinny little body trapped between
his legs.  He pinched and twisted at the nipples, smiling as Todd
tensed and arched his back against the pain, unwittingly rubbing
himself against the genitals of the twin straddlilng his chest, his
squeals at the periodic pain in his tender little nubs muffled by the
stiff cock sliding into his mouth and down his throat.

"Oh GOD," the twin in his mouth moaned, thrusting hard into Todd's
throat, he was really face-fucking more than getting a blow-job.  I
could hear Todd's muffled gagging slurping sounds above the Jimi
Hendrix' wailing, I was getting really hard watching these guys use my
piece of tail.

"Fuck he's way better at this than you, Jas'..."

'Dozer and me looked at each other, bug-eyed, started laughing.

"Yeah 'Dother, *you* could take thome lethons from Todd,too," I lisped
at him, mocking, as I stroked myself.  The twins were too into Todd's
body, maybe they were just too stupid, to tell we were mocking them.

Steven, he was the one on Todd's chest, demanded his turn in Todd's
mouth.

"Man, lemme at his mouth," He'd crawled off the table, his dick
pointing skyward.  Damned freckly, freckly butts, freckly legs, the
two of them, no damn hair anywhere yet either, skinny-dicked fuckers.

"Oh man... " Jason was really into it, Todd was starting to thrash
around, he wasn't getting much air around Jason's dick, little gagging
sounds were leaking out around the dick sliding back and forth in his
mouth...

"Shit Jason, now that he sucked it hard for you, stick it up his ass."

Jason looked up at me when I said that; kind of weird, like he somehow
didn't believe he'd REALLY get a chance to bang baby butt.  He pulled
out of Todd's mouth, Todd was breathing in huge gasps, he got a couple
quick healthy lungfuls anyway before Steven's cock was sliding down
his throat...

Jason grabbed the back of Todd's legs, pushed him double, rammed his
cock into Todd's ass; Todd's prick leapt to attention when Jason
speared into him; he was standing up, pounding down into Todd's
upturned butt; I had kind of figured he wouldn't last that long his
first time with his dick inside someone else's body, maybe him and his
brother had practice, but man he was really pounding ass, the table
was shaking like a sonofabitch, his thin hard dick was snaking in and
out of Todd's ass at an amazing speed, I was really afraid the whole
mess was going to collapse, break the glass, kill them all, but boy it
was a sight seeing the two of them spearing into Todd from both ends
like that, hear him gurgling and squealing over the sounds of the
music, the slapping noise of Jason's groin slamming into Todd's skinny
little ass-cheeks each time he shoved his cock down into him.  It
looked like they were trying to get their dicks to meet somewhere in
the middle of Todd's digestive tract, as hard as they were thrusting
into him.

The beat of the drums man, the music, it was really primal, I could
hardly wait for my turn, but the two of them kept at him; I'd promised
them first lick, so me and 'Dozer wandered behind the bar as they
continued balling Todd.  I rummaged through the fridge and the
cabinets; we found a *very* interesting stash of magazines way back in
the corner, under the sink, pictures of men fucking very young guys,
hell I was pretty sure at the time they were just boys, kids, tied up
in all kinds of positions, some of them had things stuck on their
bodies, clothes-pins, clamps, the expressions on their face, it looked
like they were in real pain, I nearly busted my pants I'd never seen
anything like it; 'Dozer was breathing *real* hard.

One of the twins was grunting really loud; me and 'Dozer stuck our
heads up over the bar in time to watch Jason drop his load in Todd's
ass, right between album changes.  He grunted really loudly, watched
him slam into Todd's ass in really quick, hard bursts.  Right as Jason
finished coming his brother let loose, he had Todd by the ears, Todd
was thrashing franticly, flopping around on the table like a fish out
of water, with his throat clogged by Steven's dick. Steven held onto
Todd's head, grunting, humping, letting out little moans of pleasure
as he balled Todd's face, finally slowing down and pulling out.  Todd
snorted reflexively as the last couple drops of Steven's cum landed in
his nose, but he swallowed it all, even licked his lips when he was
done.  Steven laughed, incredulous.

"God, what a horny little fucker, I can't believe he SWALLOWED it!"

"Todd loves drinking jizz, don't you Todd-y??"

The twins didn't know how much work it had taken to train Todd to
swallow when anyone came in his mouth, how many times I'd had to hold
his mouth shut and torture him to the breaking point before he'd gulp
my seed down.  He did it instinctively now; just like Pavlov's dogs,
he had no choice.

"Born faggot," Jason agreed.

Todd started rolling onto his side to get up from the table but 'Dozer
and I were on him in a flash.

"Don't get up kid, party's just *starting*," 'Dozer grinned down at
Todd.  He was at Todd's head working at his belt, pulling down his
pants to let his cock loose.  I'd left the stash of magazines on the
bar, but I had a nearly full can of whipped cream with me that I'd
found in the fridge.

Todd whimpered patheticly, drunk, disoriented with his head hanging
upside down off the end of the table.  Incredibly hard, too; he hadn't
gotten off during Jason's butt-banging, and he had his hands between
his legs and was pulling clumsily at his hard little cock, squeezing
his balls and pressing a finger against his butthole wet with Jason's
cum, grinding his hips and moaning lustfully as 'Dozer slowly rubbed
his pecker around his face.

Jason was turning down the stereo, I didn't mind, none of us did, the
music was great but we all wanted to hear the sounds of us fucking
Todd, hear his pathetic begging and whimpering and moaning, hear the
wet sounds of him slurping dick, hear the sound of flesh parting
flesh, hear the sounds of our own lust as we skewered him.

Dozer had his cock in his hand, his dick slowly sliding in Todd's
upturned mouth, grinding slowly, giving the kid some time to breathe,
not forcing him to deep-throat yet, he was intent on what I was up to;
his pupils were huge as marbles, glassy too, and he was smiling like a
pig in shit.

I had my pants off, I wasn't unaware of Jason and Steven staring
open-mouthed at my monster woodie; we were all too fucked-up by then
to really care about the social weirdness of being naked and hard in
front of each other, hell let the perverts stare, I was flattered; I
*was* "The Batman" after all.

I shook the can of whipped cream hard, pushed Todd's legs back toward
his chest with one forearm; he was too busy pulling his pud and
sucking 'Dozer to pay much attention to what I was doing as I began
lightly scratching the spiky plastic tip along his wrinkled little
asshole, all nice and wet with cum, still dilated, a dark inviting
hole.

He did gasp and squirm his little butt around on the coffee table when
I shoved the nozzle into him, the spiky plastic tips must've scraped
against the walls of his rectum, but as soon as it was in there and I
quit shoving he relaxed and went back to wanking off and sucking dick.

He gasped out loud, grunting like a fucking boar after a sow in heat
when I pressed the lever on that nozzle and whipped cream started
shooting up into his ass; 'Dozer and the twins started laughing,
Todd's little pecker got impossibly hard as the white goo exploded in
his rectum, filling up the lower half of his body as it shot up into
his colon.

I was getting insanely hard watching him writhe, wiggling his little
butt, his cock jerking franticly as the whipped cream filled him up,
he was humping back at the nozzle buried in his ass; I was half afraid
he was going to fart white foam at me, so I pulled the nozzle out and
leaning forward I grabbed the backs of his knees and drove my cock
into his ass.

"nnnhhh... Gh.. Gh.. Gh.. mmmffaa agh gh gh"

Todd wailed franticly around Dozer's dick; he was twisting around on
my dick, humping back at my fat cock stretching open his asshole,
trying to bury it deeper inside himself, all the while shooting sperm
up the front of his body; 'Dozer had forgotten what he was doing,
intent on what *I* was doing, he'd stopped humping, frozen by the
sight of my cock pushing wetly into Todd's butt, awed by the sight of
all that whipped cream I'd stuffed him with spurting out, displaced by
my dick.

"Onnggggh Ghaaa Ghaaaa god god god god" Todd was grunting in time with
my thrusting in his ass, moaning out loud as 'Dozer slipped his dick
from his mouth, forfeiting his turn at Todd in favor of a good show.
The twins were laughing hysterically at Todd's obvious ecstatic
reactions to being ass-fucked.

"Jesus he really *is* a horny little butt-slut!"

My god I cannot describe the sensation of my dick inside that little
kid's butthole, the soft wet feeling of whipped cream sloshing over my
cock, squirting of his ass as I rammed my dick into him, splatting
warm and wet against the beginnings of my bush.  The contrast of that
soft wetness against the sensation of Todd's butt-muscle, still tight
even after all our months of abuse, grabbing at me, clutching at the
penis splitting him open, as he twisted and moaned in the aftershocks
of a powerful orgasm; it was too much.

I started humping furiously, pounding into him as white gobs of
whipped cream runny from the warmth of his ass and my churning dick
continued to fly from Todd's ass, dribbling down the back of his
curled spine, making a huge fucking mess on the table; I moved so I
was standing, curling Todd over into a ball, driving down into him
with frantic vicious thrusts; his grunts of pleasure drifting into
agonized cries of pain, he had begun wailing in time with my pounding
rhythm, his orgasm had passed and with it his pain tolerance.

I could tell it hurt like hell for him, as hard as I was fucking into
him; his whole body spasmed and went rigid each time my groin slammed
into his buttocks, my balls slapping against his curled spine, my cock
rammed as far up his ass as I could force it.  His spastic writhing
sent shock-waves of pleasure through my entire body, and though a tiny
part of my brain worried I might injure him somehow, the speed said
fuck-it, and I balled ol' Todd as deep and as hard as I've ever fucked
*anything* in my entire life, I was jamming my dick down into his
upturned ass in time to the hard metal rhythm of whoever the hell was
playing over the stereo, pounding into him as hard as I could, in an
effort to escalate the intensity of his frantic gyrations.  Somewhere
far away some tiny corner of my drug-and-hormone-crazed brain
registered the sounds of the twins cheering me on.

"Bang his baby ass oh man fuck him fucking ream him out oh JESUS look
at that monster fucking dick tearing his ass in fucking two holy
fucking shit!"

I couldn't tell which one of them was speaking, whether they both
were, they sounded exactly alike and all I *really* cared about was
the eight fucking inches of flesh I was grinding in and out of the
nice hot ass of the kid on the table, the boy the school had hooked me
up with in their "big brother" program.  Todd.  Todd fucking
Finkelstein.  "Fink" the kids in his neighborhood called him.  I was
lost, somewhere in that speed rush my dick seemed to have taken off on
it's own, I was barely aware of any physical sensation not existing
between the base of my balls and the tip of my prick.

It felt like fire shooting out the end of my penis when I came, I
jerked, wailed; it felt so fucking good it hurt; I thought for one
long second that my balls had actually burst, exploded.  I was
red-faced and sweating like I don't *know* what, big salty drops were
flying off my face, Todd himself was covered with it, he was shrieking
bloody murder, I don't know what the hell for, he wasn't bleeding, I
hadn't ruptured him, there was nothing wrong with the little wimp,
though the back of his legs were dotted with finger-shaped bruises.
And I must have raked his chest during my frenzy; though I don't
remember doing it, there were eight bloody scratch marks running from
his collar bone to his groin; not deep, not dangerous, just surface
scratches.

I pulled out of Todd's ass with a big loud popping noise, moved around
the other side of the table to his head, knelt down, pressed my
wilting dick against his mouth as he continued crying, moaning.  He
sucked me in, licked the salty cum and sweet whipped cream off my
flaccid prick, swallowed when I pulled out, just like I'd taught him.
The front of my legs were sticky with drying whipped cream, the coffee
table was covered with the stuff.

I looked over at 'Dozer who was sitting on the furthest chair, naked
from the waist down he was staring at me a crazy fucking look on his
face, he was grinning like the goddamn devil, he looked like Jack
Nicholson in "The Shining", that's the only thing I can compare his
expression to.  I high-fived him, turned to look at the twins, the two
of them were perched up on the bar for a good grandstand view of it
all, they were both bare-ass naked by then, good and hard too, and
they grinned like fucking idiots, I guess the speed was barrelling
around their veins too.

"Your turn, 'Doze."  Todd jerked noticeably at those words, started
begging, crying.

"noooo..." he wailed.  "ple... pppleeeeease please please no no no,
I'll suck everybody good, I swear it..."

The wimp should have been *grateful* when 'Dozer rolled him over, bent
him over the edged of the table to do him doggie-style, give his neck
a rest from hanging backward over the edge, but the little ingrate
howled miserably and started sobbing when 'Dozer's dick plowed into
him, squeezing more whipped cream out as it filled his anus.  Dozer
began humping, hard and fast, picking Todd's hips up on the spit of
his cock with each thrust of 'Dozer's dick into his ass sent Todd's
hairless groin slamming into the hard metal edge of the coffee table.

"Ma... ma. noooooooooo.... don' don' don't.. please.. ple... ple...
PLEASE!"

Todd ended on a piercing scream, drifted off into incoherent wailing,
music to my ears.  I kicked back on the couch, exhausted, to watch my
buddy ball my "little brother", peeling off my sweat-soaked t-shirt
and flannel shirt, used the t-shirt to swab at my crotch, though Todd
had done an expert job cleaning me up, my legs were still quite
sticky.  It was maybe one o-clock, his ass hadn't been plugged for
hardly more than half an hour, 45 minutes; if he was wailing then, he
was going to be in *really* bad shape three hours from then...

My cock twitched, tired but eager to rest-up and start another round.
I looked around for the bottle of J.D., somebody had rescued it from
the coffee table, it was on the other side of the table from where I
sat watching 'Dozer's butt pounding up and down on top of Todd's, his
dick flashing in and out of Todd's rectum, volumes of white goo still
squeezing out of his ass, running down the back of Todd's balls to
pool on the carpet.  I was damned glad it wasn't *my* house,
Schiffmans didn't seem too worried, I supposed at the time they were
too wasted to care what would happen when their old man found out.  In
retrospect, unlike my old man, perhaps nothing?

I scooted around the two humping boys, grabbed the bottle of JD.  I
couldn't resist stopping to fuck with Todd, I squatted down on the
floor in front of his face, he was laying flat on the table his arms
stretched up around his head, howling and crying as 'Dozer plugged
him.  I grabbed a big fistful of the long blond hair on the top of his
head, pulled his face up so we were eye to eye; his eyes were still
screwed shut but he opened his mouth wide like a baby bird expecting a
worm except that Todd was expecting a much longer and thicker piece
pink of flesh in his mouth.

I laughed out loud at him, slapped the side of his face; his head was
snapping back and forth in my hand as 'Dozer continued riding him;
Todd opened his eyes when I slapped him; he moved to support himself
on his elbows, all the while 'Dozer's dick churned happily in his ass.
Todd's face was beet red, swollen and ugly from crying.

"C'mon Toddy you know you love it, I bet your dick's hard right now."

"Noo.. nnh-noo nnhh-no NO NO NO ....NO ....NO ....NOOOO!!!"

I peered under the table and laughed my ass off, sure enough, even as
his groin slammed painfully into the edge of the table his dick was
dancing around in ecstasy.  The twins sat on the bar the whole time,
cackling insanely.

"Yeah, you love taking our dicks."  I laughed right in Todd's face,
stood up, stuck my dick in his mouth, he really was an expert
cock-sucker.  I'd trained him well, he couldn't help it he sucked me
like a whore.

I pulled out of his mouth after a few minutes, semi-hard from his
sucking, shiny with his saliva.  Still laughing at him I left him to
resume his pathetic wailing and crying, leaving 'Dozer to finish his
turn in Todd's ass I went over to where Schiffman's were sitting
watching 'Dozer fuck Todd.

"Good shit man, decent speed."  They looked at each other, rocking,
looked back at me, smirked.

"Yeah, well... we have a good connection."

I handed them the bottle of whiskey I'd been slugging from, leaned
back against the bar where they were perched, smirked when they
coughed, sputtered, keeping my eye on the sight of Dozer and Todd
lurching on top of the coffee table.

"You got any other shit?"  I heard they could score mesc, through the
school grapevine.  I was desperate to try psychedelics, dunno why,
something in the air?  It was 1969, that was the reason.

"My brothers' been telling me mesc' is the thing, not as trippy as
acid, good first trip"

They coughed again, this time not the booze, rocked nervously.

"It's kinda expensive..."

I was pulling on my dick, they'd handed the bottle back, I took a
healthy swig, swallowed thoughtfully, still eyeballing my buddy
balling Todd.  'Dozer was close to popping, he was pressing Todd
against the coffee table, clawing up and down his back in big raking
stripes, I couldn't tell from where I was if any blood was being
drawn; Todd's shrieking had increased but I couldn't tell if it was
from the nails working his back or from the increased tempo in his
ass.

"Don't have a whole lot of cash... What if we all came back next week,
day before New Year's eve, your parents work, right?"

I was stroking myself lazily, rubbing my thumb back and forth over the
ridge of my cockhead, half-hard from the short blow-job Todd had given
it and my own manipulations.  Already imagining what it'd be like to
be tripping while I fucked Todd's little butt... wondering what it'd
be like if TODD was tripping...

There was a long silence, they were twins, maybe they were doing a
"mind-meld"?

"Uh.  We don't know if we can score that soon, we'll call ok?  Or you
could..."

The conversation cut off as we locked our attention on the two humping
figures, alerted to the possibility of some interesting action by a
change in the tone of Todd's cries, it sounded somehow more desperate,
scared.

Dozer was about to come; he'd gotten Todd into a half nelson and
pulled him nearly upright and was fucking up into his ass, the front
of Todd's legs were pressed against the edge of the coffee table, he
was hoarse from screaming but he managed to rasp out an agonized howl
each time Dozer thrust up into him, his arms flapping ineffectually,
trapped in Dozer's grip, his knees jerked up off the floor as he hung
suspended for a moment on the dick jamming up into his shit-hole.
Dozer couldn't get much penetration in this weird position, but it was
intensely arousing seeing Todd held upright and helpless with Dozer's
dick working in his ass.  'Dozer certainly was enjoying it, he came
quickly, grunting, huffing.  He let go of Todd, who practically
collapsed face first onto the coffee table.

Todd was a mess, his hair was sweat-soaked, he did indeed have eight
red claw-marks down the back of his body to match the ones I'd
decorated his chest with; the back of his legs bore the purpling
remains of the finger-tipped size bruises I'd left there, they were
covered with sticky drying whipped cream and cum and whatever of his
own funk we'd fucked out of his ass.  He lay limply, sobbing silently,
he had barely enough strength left to flinch when I asked Steven if he
was ready for his turn.

"Nah, I wanna let his asshole rest up, shrink back to normal size,
let's chill, do some more Jack Daniels, listen to some music."

The music was still blasting, we were into another Jimi Hendrix album,
Purple Haze was playing.

I got a towel from under the bar, soaked it in the sink, wiped the
back of Todd's body off.  I pulled him to his feet; he was damned
wobbly and when I grabbed him by the shoulders to get him to the chair
he'd sat in earlier, he walked like he had a tree-trunk shoved up his
ass.  I threw a towel down to catch the white mess leaking out his
anus, and he sat where I shoved him, curled up in a ball and pulling
at his little cock.

I started wiping down the coffee table, Jason I think it was, or
Steven, beats me, buck naked it was even harder to tell them apart, he
asked me what the hell I was doing.

"We got a maid, man, I'll just tell our parents we had a party and
spilled ice-cream or something, they won't care."

I looked up at them.  They were still sitting on the bar.  I noticed
then they had been looking through the magazine stash I'd pulled out
from under the sink.

"Man this is gross, all this whip-cream and cum and god probably shit
from his ass, how can you stand it??"  I scrubbed up the carpet too,
checked under the table, sure enough, Todd had spewed another load
under there when Dozer had his dick up his ass.


Try and tell me he didn't love it.


Dozer had gotten up from the couch where he had collapsed after
pulling his dick from Todd's rump, and was standing in front of the
chair where Todd sat dutifully sucking him clean.  He licked up and
down the length of Dozer's limp flaccid prick, sucked first one ball
and then the other into his mouth, 'Dozer even forced him to lick the
front of his legs clean, suck the goo from the bush sprouting around
the base of his penis.

I tossed the used towel into the sink, sat back on the couch with my
feet on the freshly cleaned table, called the twins over.

"Bring those magazines over, maybe we can get some ideas.  I need
another drink, I think Todd does too, especially after he's done
licking Dozer."

We all kicked back around the coffee table, gearing up for our second
wind.

"Great fucking party you guys!"  One of the twins hoisted his glass,
and we clinked.  Dozer joined the rest of around the coffee table, his
dick amazingly half-hard again from Todd's ministrations even though
he'd just blown a major wad in Todd's ass.  Oh to be thirteen again.

"Gimme one a them magazines," 'Dozer demanded. "I got a couple ideas I
wanna try."


CHICKENHAWK:  "The Beginning" (Part 5)

My buddy 'Dozer and me crawled all over the little Todd fag that whole
school year, sticking our dicks down his throat, up his ass, smearing
our cum all over the kid, banging his baby ass every chance we got, we
were just fucking insatiable, it was puberty I guess.  Imagine being
thirteen and having a steady dick-warmer; I'm surprised we didn't kill
the little bastard, fuck his gay little ass to death we were so hot
for it.

But school finally ended and the "big brother" project with it, and
even though Todd was really getting his little nuts off through me and
'Dozer's "attentions" I knew I'd never see him again.  The little
bastard had really started working his ass off at school; I guess he
didn't want another big brother NEXT year... See, I really WAS a good
influence....

Anyway, me and 'Doze would be starting High School in the Fall, ninth
grade.  We wanted to end Jr. High in style, so we invited Todd to stay
the weekend with us at my brothers' bungalow at the shore, it was
Todd's last weekend before he was shipped off to camp, he was going
off to some sleep-away camp for rich brats.

That mother of his was a real trip, you have to wonder why the hell
she ever had the kid, I mean did he match the furniture maybe?  I'd
been poking her kid's ass for almost nine months and old Todd's mother
thought I was just swell, a nice boy, a handsome athlete, good grades,
a wonderful influence on Todd, after all he needed a male role model.
She was completely fucking clueless or else she didn't care, anyway
she was overjoyed we invited Todd with us.  I told her my older
brothers were renting a bungalow at the shore and were letting us stay
the weekend, they were very responsible, Chuck was in college, Chris
worked at the Mobil plant in Edison.  I didn't tell her about my
psycho brother Rick who was heading out for his second tour in Viet
Nam.  Rick was on leave from the Marines; he was such a fucking
nut-case he joined up, not because he got a low number and wanted to
choose his spot before he was drafted, but because he'd pulled a HIGH
number, and was afraid he'd miss out on some of the fun wasting gooks.
Todd's mother never even asked to meet the sibs, she never asked to
meet my old man or the bitch who spawned me.  Clueless, fucking
clueless.

++

Todd seemed kind of excited; he had a little suitcase with a couple
bathing suits, plenty of suntan lotion, flip flops, sunglasses,
t-shirts, shorts, four pairs of underwear, sunburn ointment if he got
sunburned, sneakers, socks, it was ridiculous.  I wanted to laugh at
the poor little geek, tell his mother she shouldn't have bothered to
pack him any CLOTHES...

Tell her, what, "Christ lady your kid's going to be bare-ass naked
with one of our cocks in his ass or his mouth, all fucking weekend,
trust me he won't need all this shit."?

I don't think so.

My brother Rick the psycho was driving the van, it belonged to Chuck,
he'd been putting himself through college peddling dope, the van was
cherry, man, but Rick wanted to drive, and Rick did what ever the fuck
he wanted to do, especially when he was speeding his ass off like he
was that day.  Chuck on the other hand was stoned as usual; beats me
how the two of them got along, speed-freaks and pot-heads usually
don't mix, I know *I* fucking HATE the trippy-dippy peace-n-harmony
kooks, but the two of them were tight, Chuck went right over the edge
when Rick came home in a body bag the following Spring.  I never
missed the asshole, he was a mean sonofabitch.


Rick did about 80 miles an hour all the way out Route 18, the three of
us were flying around the back like fucking loose luggage, but we got
there in one piece, and it was only 9am, an hour after we left.  A
bunch of Rick's greasy friends from his high school days were
listening to some really loud metal on the old hi-fi; jesus remember
the days before STEREO was affordable???  One of them screamed
something incomprehensible at us; I knew Rick's crowd well enough to
stay the hell away from them, especially when their eyes were all
glassed over like that, fucking humongous pupils.  We hit the beach as
soon as we got there.

Old Todd man, he was as pale as a damn salamander living in a cave;
'Dozer didn't take his t-shirt off the whole weekend, he didn't want
the babes to see his fat belly and TITS, no doubt.  We actually had
fun all morning horsing around, playing with the kid in the surf,
leering at the girls in their bikinis, I smeared ol' Todd all over
with suntan lotion, but you know, that was the days before sun block
and all that shit; I was already pretty tan, don't really burn, but
the kid was going to be plenty raw, I could tell.  Kind of make it
more interesting, later...

++

Todd bought us a couple dogs and cokes for lunch, the kid actually
wasn't that bad, he was a Class A geek, but what the hell, I told
anyone who saw us together he was my cousin and I was stuck with him.
I convinced him to put a t-shirt on, I didn't want him going home all
bloated and swollen up like some three-day-old stiff that "fell off"
the pier (with a bullet in the back of his head); he'd be plenty pink
by the evening.  Funny how a sunburn takes a couple hours to cook,
after you're out of the sun.

'Dozer and me had been getting fucking horny, watching all that nearly
naked flesh displayed on the sand all morning, God I recall what a
bitch it was trying to cover my big fucking woodie, I was wearing
cut-offs, a damn sight better than a Speed-O for covering up a boner,
but the cut-offs were too goddamn short, or else my cock was too long,
and that was the days of hip-huggers, man; the head of my dick was
either poking out the waist or crawling down my thigh to sneak a peak
out the bottom of my shorts every time some hot little piece of pussy
strolled by.

I was desperate to relieve the bad case of blue-balls that had been
building all morning.  We decided to go exploring, 'Doze and me had
our towels and Todd had this little beach-bag with his towel and his
suntan lotion and his mom's money.  I convinced him he didn't want to
leave his money anywhere near my brothers; if anyone was going to
sponge off the rich brat it'd be ME.  Me and 'Dozer had brought along
a couple clean t-shirts and spare cut-offs, a towel, a couple dollars
to eat with, nothing those guys would want to swipe.  It was only two
days, Friday and Saturday, we'd be back Sunday.

We went poking around under the boardwalk; crawled way towards the
back, in the dark cool sand right underneath the concessions area; we
weren't visible from the beach area, it was too dark, and it was too
early in the day for the high school kids to start collecting under
there to party and screw around.  You could hear the bicycles and feet
clattering overhead, kids yelling, it was really exciting, my cock was
hollering to be let out, and though I couldn't see too well in the
dark, I could hear 'Dozer breathing heavily, I could guess what
direction he was pointing.

'Dozer and me had been jamming Todd's ass for the whole school year by
then, you would've thought he might've expected we were planning to do
a little spear-fishing up his ass under there, I guess he just figured
we wouldn't do it out in public like that.  Shit that just made it
more exciting, all those people walking around overhead, unaware of me
right under their feet pumping my tool in this little fairy's butt,
hell some stray kid might wander onto us if we made too much noise,
I'd of liked to a seen THAT kid's face!  Imagine it, "Hey mommy that
boy has his pee-pee in that littler boy's fanny how come he's moving
up and down like that and making those noises?"

Todd was crawling around on his hands and knees, poking at rocks and
shells under there between the cross-beams, there was still plenty of
room to stand up, it was a huge boardwalk.  He squeaked when I crawled
on top of him and started rubbing my bone up and down his ass, his
little red white and blue Speed-O highlighting how choice his small.
skinny butt was.

"Not HERE!"  he squealed.  "There's... people around!"

I had started yanking my shorts off to let my cock loose, 'Dozer was
already waving his dick in the kid's face, whispering at him to suck
it, and I grabbed his sunburned shoulders; they weren't done cooking
yet, it would be a couple more hours before they'd really start
hurting.

I yanked Todd's bathing suit down and pushed my cock between his
cheeks as I prepared to spear him.

"If you shut the fuck up, no one will know you're down here getting
your little faggot ass pumped!"  I hissed in his ear as I thrust my
dry, hard bone through his tight little ass-muscle.

Todd stifled off a yelp as my meat forced it's way into him; he'd
learned to relax the muscles in his rectum instead of tensing them
like he had when I'd first started boning him, and even dry, my cock
moved easily into this little kid's experienced ass.  It sounded like
he bit his lip; he moaned softly when I hit home, my balls slapping
against his as my cock wormed into him, but he quit complaining, even
as I began energeticly grinding his ass.

I leaned up to let 'Dozer have a shot at the kid's face, and we
started vigorously plugging him from both ends.

With 'Dozer fucking the kid's face, I was able to really have a go at
his ass; 'Dozer's dick was muffling the kid's grunts of pain and
pleasure as I reamed his little butt.  It was really exciting, boning
this kid in such a public place, hearing people walking around only
four or five feet over our heads, as I fucked my personal, school-
supplied, piece of boymeat.

I guess it was too exciting for 'Dozer; he came really quickly,
pulling out of the kid's mouth he grabbed the kid by the top off his
head and shot a nice sticky load of cum all over his fucking face.
We'd taken to hosing down the kid when we came because he just fucking
hated it, worse than swallowing, worse than taking it up his ass,
worse than almost anything, except maybe sucking a dick that had just
been pulled out of his ass.

Todd whimpered patheticly as 'Dozer rubbed his cock-snot over his
face, smearing it around with the rubbery head of his dick, every now
and then fucking his softening prick into Todd's mouth as Todd would
lurch forward as my groin slammed into his butt, splitting open his
shit tube.  Even though he really fucking hated sucking dick, Todd
slurped it all up, lapping at Dozer's fat dick, licking his fat hairy
belly like a good boy.  We'd trained him REAL well.

As 'Dozer stuffed himself back into his shorts, I started to bang the
kid for all he was worth; I had to really make the most of this
weekend, the kid was going off to summer camp and I knew it'd be my
last regular piece till I found some other little shit to replace him
with, boy or girl, I didn't care, I just wanted to keep on getting it
wet.  Todd was starting to whimper again with my cock pounding away in
his rectum, without 'Dozer's cock to stifle him.  I was really picking
up the tempo, slamming his skinny little ass for all I was worth,
stretching his butt-muscle as wide as I could, splitting his cheeks,
jerking him forward in the cool damp sand under the boardwalk as I
burrowed my bone into him.

I desperately needed to keep him quiet though; I liked the RISK of
getting caught, not the actuality, and he was starting to squeal
louder and louder as I pumped his ass harder and harder.  I pulled out
of Todd's ass, quickly flipped him onto his back and yanked his
Speed-O the rest of the way off, and pulling his skinny little legs up
and apart, I sank my cock into his soft, warm depths before his little
buttonhole even had time to wink shut.

I clamped my hand over his mouth; it rather disgusted me, still wet
and sticky with 'Dozer's jizz, but I started banging the little kid I
had pinned to the sand with my dick, leering into his face, as I felt
his puny little rod hardening against my belly as I skewered him,
pushing up into his gut, the fat length of my cock punishing his anus
with each brutal thrust.

"You know you love it," I whispered, thrusting especially viciously,
feeling his cock jerk excitedly, growing harder even as he arched his
back and wet, muffled yelps of pain leaked out around my hand, tears
leaking out the corners of his eyes.

With my free hand I reached between our humping bodies and pulled
Todd's t-shirt up to twist and torture his nipples; yanking my cock
out of his ass just as the juice began to boil in my nuts, I sprayed
thick hot streams of cum up and down Todd's puny torso as his whole
body shook, silent sobs of pain and pleasure wracking through him.
His cock began jerking, dribbling his thin pre-pubescent jizz onto his
belly to mix with my cum, as he lay, his legs still spread, his
butt-muscle lewdly exposed, winking at me as it experienced welcome
relief from my cock's cruel attention.

'Dozer smiled at me through the dark cool luxury of the space under
the boardwalk.

"Shit man is that somebody coming?"  He grinned at me, and I punched
him, the two of us laughing silently at each other as we watched Todd
spring to his feet, yanking on his bathing suit, pulling his t-shirt
down so it clung to his cum-spattered body.

I pulled my shorts back up and squeezed Todd's skinny little butt.

"You really are a good little fuck kid, I'm gonna miss your hot little
butt when you're at camp."

Todd didn't respond at all except to pull nervously at his limp cock.
He didn't talk much anyway, he was a weird fucking kid.  I rubbed his
hair affectionately, it was matted with 'Dozer's sperm, and I wiped my
hand off on Todd's shoulder.

'Dozer changed the topic abruptly.  "Man let's go do somebody-surfing,
the waves are really picking up.

The three of us raced out from under the boardwalk, back into the
noisy bright afternoon light, our cocks satisfied for the moment.


Though all those criss-crossing beams underneath there had started me
thinking, and I was already contemplating plans for after it got dark
and the crowds cleared out.  We had the whole fucking weekend to enjoy
Todd's body for probably the last time ever.

Me and 'Doze were planning to make the most of it.

--
