The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.




Subject: NEW STORY (Second Try): The Charmer, Part IB 

                      THE CHARMER, PART IB

                               by 

                             RHYMER

     After Diane, Tammy was easy.  A couple of days passed, and I
was starting to get real horny: Di hadn't overcome her misgivings
yet, despite several efforts to get her to fuck me again.  I lay my
broken-hearted boy act on thick, but she wouldn't give in.  I
hadn't really had much opportunity to really go to work on her,
though, because we hadn't had any time alone since The Day.  
     Horny and bored, I jumped at the chance to accompany Tammy to
the mall on a clothes-buying trip.  She was armed with Mom's
Mastercard, and had been given the mission to purchase a whole
year's school wardrobe for us both.  Tam's a redhead, kind of an
anomaly in our family, and I'd been speculating on whether her hair
was red everywhere.  I'd seen her naked once as she was coming out
of the shower, well before her nakedness meant anything to me, and
I knew what she looked like from behind:  all voluminous curves and
creamy, freckled skin.  I'd even caught a glimpse of a plump tit,
but I hadn't managed to see her snatch.  Since puberty ran me down
a few months ago, I'd jacked off to the image more than once.  
     Tammy's hardly fat, but she is voluptuous.  I was wondering
what it would be like to fuck a woman with some real meat on her
bones, something to hang onto, ya know?  And then there were those
big tits: one day a buddy of mine had shown me some pictures of a
guy running his dick between some girl's knockers, plowing them
like a cunt, and I'd almost come right in my pants.  I had to try
that myself!
     We spent part of the afternoon trying on clothing, and once I
caught her checking me out when I left a dressing room shirtless to
try on another selection.  My pecs and abs were really starting to
develop, and I've never had a problem with excess weight, then or
ever.  She modeled an endless selection of dresses, skirts,
blouses, and slacks, and I'm pretty sure she noticed the lump in my
pants when she tried on a particularly daring miniskirt that showed
off the bottom of her asscheeks.  She bought that one, though how
she thought she'd get it past Mom, I'll never know.  At the same
shop she also purchased a sheer white pullover that didn't hide a
damned thing.  If it weren't for her bra, I'd have gotten an eyeful
of tit right then and there.  I was sure to make a big deal about
how pretty she looked.
     A few stores later, I had her bring a pair of jeans to the
dressing room while I was still in my briefs.  I'd rubbed my cock
some to make it hard, so I doubt she missed noticing the way it was
poking out against the white cotton.  A few minutes later I had her
bring me another pair, and this time I caught her looking.  She
looked away quickly.
     I kept trying on pants.  No luck there; we moved on to the
next men's store.  Slacks this time.  This is where I'd make my
move, I thought.  After a couple of minutes in the dressing room,
I called her name.
     "What is it?"  she asked, a little irritated.  I'd kept her
running for the past hour, and I'd found only two pairs of pants I
liked enough to buy.
     I sighed.  "I, I have a problem,"  I said meekly, "and I don't
know what to do about it."  A put an edge of tears in my voice, and
made sure she heard it.
     "What's wrong?"
     "It's, uh, kind of a guy thing.  Embarrassing.  I can't come
out, so you'll have to come in."
     "Oh, OK."  She entered, and drew in a deep breath at what she
saw.
     I had my old pants up over my hips, but I couldn't fasten
them: my big engorged prick was in the way.  I'd deliberately
chosen to wear a pair of pants that was a couple of sizes small,
and of course I was canny enough to play-act a little too.  "I'm
caught, "  I wailed.
     She was staring at my cock.  Bingo!  "What do you mean,
caught?"
     "I, uh, can't get my pants back on!  I'm all swollen up."  I
acted a little scared.  " What's wrong with me, Tam?  It happens
all the time now!  I'm afraid I'm sick or something!" I screwed up
my face as if to cry.
     "Oh, you poor baby!"  She enfolded me in her arms and squeezed
my face into those pillowy tits (she was still quite a bit taller
than I).  "It's nothing to worry about.  You're just growing up." 
She squeezed me -- a little harder than necessary, maybe -- and I
could feel my erection grinding into her thigh.  It felt good.  She
pushed me away suddenly when she started to feel it to.
     "I still don't understand,"  I mumbled.  "What does growin' up
have to do with anything?"
     She laughed nervously.  "Well, um, your thing down there, it
isn't just for peeing, you know.  When you get old enough it starts
to grow, and kind of comes to life.  You can use it to make babies
now, too.  Haven't you learned about that in school?"
     I blushed.  "Sex education's not till next year."  Little did
she know!
     "And none of your buddies told you?"  
     I shook my head, embarrassed.  "How'm I supposed to make a
baby with that?"
     "Well, you stick it into a girl and shoot your seed into her
to make her pregnant,"  she said, a little flustered.  
     My hard-on strengthened and flexed, and I guess she saw that. 
"Huh.  Weird.  But why's it swollen up?"  I asked curiously.  
     "It has to be hard to go in a woman," she said, catching her
underlip in her teeth.  "Sometimes, when you think about doing it
with a girl, it'll get all hard."
     "But I wasn't thinking about anything!"  I protested.  "It
just did it all by itself."
     She looked at my cock, which was harder than ever.  "Uh, well,
did you see a girl you thought was cute, or something?"
     I turned bright red and swallowed hard.  "Yeah.  All day."
     "Who --"  she stopped short.  "You mean me?"  She looked a
little shocked and amused.  "You sure think big, little bro."
     I shrugged.  "Well, you are the cutest girl I know,"  I said
sweetly.
     I could practically see her melting.  "Oh, honey, you're so
sweet."  she licked her lips quickly.  "That's why your great big
thing is so hard.  Even if you're not really thinking about it,
subconsciously you think I'm pretty, and that makes your body all
ready to make a baby with me."
     I acted flustered and confused.  "B-but all I wanna do is get
my pants back on! How can I do that if my thing stays swollen?"
     "Guess you'll have to make it go down somehow,"  she smirked.
     "How?"
     "I've got an idea on that."  Then she reached out and caressed
my cock through the fabric of my shorts.  I groaned and hunched
forward so she could get a good feel. 
     "Oooh, that feels really good,"  I hissed.
     "My, you have grown,"  she murmured.  Then she leaned forward
and whispered fiercely, "Take off your pants."
     I did as I was told, and stood there for a long, glorious
minute as she ran her hands over my genitals, eyeing, rubbing and
cupping my balls and cock like she was measuring them for sale. 
Then, "Stand up on the seat.  You'll need to keep very, very
quiet."  I stepped up on the seat built into the back wall,
grinning widely, while she pulled up a nearby stool and sat down. 
This put my hard young cock on level with her pouty lips.  She
examined my turgid tool for a few seconds, moaning softly under her
breath, then sucked in half of it in one quick breath.  I stood
straight up, my head brushing a rafter. Lucky for me the dressing
room walls in this place went all the way to the ceiling.   
     Oh, Tammy was a good cocksucker, much better than lovely Di. 
She showed me seven kinds of heaven over the next couple minutes. 
Her basic technique was to deep-throat the whole length, then draw
slowly back, snaking her tongue back and forth over my cock's
underside; but she varied this with occasional licks and kisses and
nuzzles.  She proved to be an expert at easing a guy's "swelling." 
I started to try to hold back, to enjoy it as long as I could, but
then I remembered I was supposed to be brand new at this, so I just
let go in a stream that filled her mouth up.  She swallowed
greedily and took everything I could give her!  I groaned my
pleasure, but softly, softly.
     When it was done, she kissed my sweaty belly and whispered,
"My, that was a big load for a little boy."
     "I ain't little no more,"  I growled.
     She laughed.  "No, you aren't."
     I was able to get into my pants again.  "Thanks, Tam!  That
was fun! I like these two pair here, so I guess we can go home
now."
     She licked away an errant white speck.  "No way, baby.  We're
going to the lake so you can return the favor."
     "The lake?"  I said ingenuously.  'The lake' was a secluded
muddy pond where the local teens liked to hang out, as I knew very
well.  She just smiled.
     So we went to the lake next.  No one was there, as it was
still somewhat early in the evening.  Tam parked next to a
pavilion, where the car was less likely to be spotted by a cruising
cop, and pulled me into the back seat.  She stripped off her
panties and quickly pulled up her skirt, proudly showing me her
snatch.
     The hair was red down there.  It gathered thickly around a
swollen slit that was already oozing honey.  My fuck rod got hard
instantly, and I winced.  Man, these damn pants really were tight! 
I unbuttoned them and zipped down the fly to ease the strain a
little.
     "Whoa, there, big guy!"  Tam grinned.  "My turn first, then we
can have some real fun.  I need you to eat me so I can come."
     "Eat you? What does that mean?"  I asked like an naive kid. 
Inside, the hormones were surging and raging and I could feel the
spunk churning in my balls.  Oh, yes!
     "I mean since I sucked you, you have to suck me.  And lick and
kiss and love my hot little pussy."
     "OK!"  I said happily, and went down on her.  God, she was
furnace-hot and sopping all ready -- sucking me off must really
have put her in the mood.  While I drank at the fountain of
paradise, I heard her unsnap her bra.  I guess she wriggled out of
it, because when I came up for air she'd pulled the top of her
dress down and was pinching and pulling on her large, hard nipples. 
I kept licking her snatch until she came once, and then kept on
because I liked it and she didn't tell me to stop.  She tasted a
lot like Di, only a little sweeter and more mature.  Finally, she
shuddered all over, and pulled my head out of her lap.
     I caught a glimpse of myself in the rear-view mirror.  My face
was all shiny with her juice, and my hair was plastered against my
forehead with it.  "Wow! I really liked that!"  I said exuberantly. 
"Can we do it some more?"
     "Some other time, baby,"  she murmured, breathing hard.  "I
can only take so much.  And we haven't even gotten to the good part
yet."
     "What's that?"
     She pulled my head forward and kissed me long and deep. 
"Making babies, honey!"
     I looked doubtful.  "I don't think you're supposed to do that
with your sister."
     She laughed.  "Oh, we won't really make babies,"  she
explained.  "I'm on the Pill.  We'll just practice for later, when
you get married."
     I shrugged.  "O.K."  This was great!!!
     She slipped my pants off.  "Gosh, these are tight,"  she
whispered.  "No wonder you couldn't close them around that big hunk
of meat.  Guess I'll have to make it shrink again."  She shrugged
out of her dress and was naked; it was starting to get dark, so I
guess she wasn't worried about anyone seeing.  I took the
opportunity to remove my briefs.  
     She gazed longingly at my prong.  "Ooh, baby, you're gonna
have a big one.  Gosh, it's almost as big as Daddy's already. "
     That brought me up short.  "You've seen Dad's thing?"  I
asked, my disbelief genuine.  
     "Seen it?  Honey, I've sucked it some many times I've lost
count.  I started when I was thirteen and I caught him jacking off
in the pool.  It looked so good, I just had to have it, and he
shoots so much sweet spunk...ever since then he's let me suck it
whenever I feel like it, and once in a while he licks my pussy, but
he's never let me fuck him.  He says it's not right."  My big
sister looked sad.
     "I'll fuck you!"  I said proudly.  "If you'll show me how!"
     "Oh yeah, I'll show you how.  I've been wondering when you'd
finally grow up and want something like this..."  I grinned as she
made me lean back against the seat, then mounted me much the way Di
had: her back to me while she eased down onto my big dick.  One of
these days, I might actually get to look a woman in the face as I
fucked her!  
     My hands found Tammy's tits of their own accord.  We started
pumping and thrusting, gently at first, then Tam said, huffing and
puffing, "Harder, baby brother!  Pound me harder!"  So I went after
it like a frenzied jackrabbit, squeezing those big tits hard, and
in the end I lost all control.  He cunt caressed my cock like some
hug, hot, wet hand as I pistoned back and forth.  Several wonderful
minutes later I heard her squeal, and her love-tunnel clamped hard
around my fuck tool.  I lasted about thirty seconds longer, then
spunk exploded out of my prick like water from a fire hose!  We
collapsed in a sweaty heap.
     By then, it was full dark.  We started to clean up and go home
-- there was a unisex bathroom next to the pavilion -- but I got a
tremendous hard-on again.  Tam was amazed when she saw this, but
aroused when I shyly told her I wanted to put my cock between her
tits.  She lay down on a picnic table, and I straddled her and was
soon enjoying my first titty-fuck.  I thought it was pretty
exciting, especially the way she would lean forward and kiss the
head of my dick when it came through her tight tit tunnel, and lick
and suck her own nipples.  I soon came, then licked her pussy til
she did, too.


STAY TUNED FOR THE EXCITING CONCLUSION!!! 

