Path: news-s01.ny.us.ibm.net!news-m01.ny.us.ibm.net!newsjunkie.ans.net!swiss.ans.net!solaris.cc.vt.edu!newsfeed.internetmci.com!howland.reston.ans.net!news-e1a.megaweb.com!newstf01.news.aol.com!newsbf02.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
From: cherylh78@aol.com (Cheryl H78)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.masturbation
Subject: Cheryl's Seventh
Date: 4 Nov 1995 13:43:33 -0500
Organization: America Online, Inc. (1-800-827-6364)
Lines: 258
Sender: root@newsbf02.news.aol.com
Message-ID: <47gc8l$m69@newsbf02.news.aol.com>
Reply-To: cherylh78@aol.com (Cheryl H78)
NNTP-Posting-Host: newsbf02.mail.aol.com

Another one from last year.......

The activities that I'm about to relate took place almost two years ago,
in late spring,  when I was 16.  I had just awoke and noticed that it was
a bright sunny morning, a Saturday, so no school.  Glancing at my clock, I
saw that it was about 9:00 which meant that Dad was probably at the office
(it seemed like he worked all the time, at least ever since Mom died when
I was nine) and Jenny was at work until noon at our family dentist's
office where she was the receptionist.  So I was alone in the house, or
should have been.  But I could hear some noise from the bathroom next-door
to my room; someone was taking a shower.  That must be what woke me up, I
thought, remembering then that we did have weekend house guests.

The people staying with us were Connie and Paul who were here for two
nights on their move  from west Texas to somewhere near Little Rock. 
Connie was one of Dad's cousins who we saw only about every other year at
big family reunions.  Since we last saw her, she was divorced and
remarried to Paul.  They were moving in order to be closer to Paul's
parents.  He was a good-looking guy, about 25, around 6" and 175 lb,
muscular from his job as a house framer, with long blond hair that he tied
in a ponytail.  On meeting him last night, I wondered what he saw in
Connie, other than her very pleasant personality.  She was over 30 and had
gained a lot of weight since we last saw her.  Jenny and I had enjoyed the
previous evening, playing pool in the family room with the two of them and
Dad.  We basically just shot pool, made small talk, and joked around. 
Afterward, Jenny told me how Paul stared at my legs and butt (I was
wearing a pair of tight, blue jean cutoffs) whenever I bent over to make a
shot.  She said that the bulge in his pants had been pretty obvious.  We
then had fun talking about his fine body and wondered how big his cock
was.  Connie probably didn't realize how lucky she was!

The "guest" bathroom, next to my bedroom, had two doors, one to the
hallway and one directly into my room (actually Jenny and I still shared
the room, with twin beds like we when we were kids).  As my eyes drifted
toward the noise of the shower, I noticed that the door to my room from
the bath was open 4-5 inches.  Through the opening, reflected in the
mirror, I could see the shower and the outline of someone who I judged to
be Paul by the figure's overall size and shape.  [Then I remembered that
Connie had said that she was going to visit an old friend from school, and
Paul had talked about going out to look for some new hiking boots or
something.]  Just then the water was turned off and Paul's hand reached
out to retrieve his towel.  In a moment, the shower curtain was moved
aside, giving me a full reflected view of Paul's naked body as he dried
himself.  As he turned to face the mirror (and me!) he was drying his
waist and legs, so I was not able to see it all at first.

I averted my eyes and pretended to be asleep as I began to wake up and
collect my thoughts.  Several things came to mind all at once.  First, why
was the door partially open?  Had he left it that way on purpose, didn't
he know I (or anyone) was next door, or had he been watching me while I
slept?  Surely, he could see me or at least my reflection, just as I could
see him.  It suddenly (finally!) occurred to me just what a sight I was. 
It must have been warm during the night because I had kicked the covers
down and I was lying on my back on the sheet.  My legs were separated and
my short nightie was bunched up around my waist, fully exposing my naked
pussy (I rarely sleep in underwear).  Oh yes, Paul wouldn't have missed
seeing me that way and he had certainly left the door open on purpose, I
thought (especially after what Jenny had told me about him watching me). 
I wondered just how long he had watched me before his shower.  The thought
of him seeing me displayed like that definitely got my juices stirring.

I wanted to reach down and finger my blond pussy both to satisfy myself
and to give Paul an even better show.  Instead, while I continuing to
feign sleep, I opened my eyes slightly to see what he was doing.  He was
now standing completely naked in front of the mirror.  His cock and balls
hung down limply.  He fondled himself gently while he used a blow dryer on
his pile of light brown pubic hair.  After that he used the dryer on his
blond head, then brushed his hair and put it up in a pony tail band.  His
body was sleek and well-tanned except for the white part around his waist
and privates.  He obviously preferred to wear rather skimpy bikini
swimsuits.  I tried to avoid eye contact whenever he glanced in my
direction.  Although I was definitely enjoying the view, as evidenced by
the wet feeling in my pussy, it did occur to me that I was alone in the
house with this guy who was almost a total stranger.  So I decided to just
lay back quietly and watch what developed.  I resisted the growing urge to
shove two fingers into my cunt and fuck myself silly.

What Paul did next was a total surprise.  He pulled a container of baby
powder out of his overnight bag and started sprinkling it on his dick.  He
put more in his hands and then rubbed it all over his balls and even
spread his legs and rubbed some in the crack of his ass.  He dumped more
on his cock and started to rub himself more seriously.  His cock began to
spring upward as he held it in his powdery fist.  I had never thought of
baby powder as a lubricant, but it sure seemed to be working that way for
Paul.  He put still more powder on his shaft which was now straight up to
its full 7 or 8 inches.  He leaned forward, resting his balls on the
counter in front of my sink.  He was stroking his hard cock slowly while
watching himself in the mirror.  I also knew that he was looking at my
exposed pussy and I guessed that he was dreaming about thrusting his cock
in and out of my tight virgin slit.  I certainly was entertaining the same
thoughts.  I could see clouds of powder in the air as he increased the
tempo of his stroking, one hand gliding smoothly up and down his rock-hard
member and the other rubbing around on his powdered stomach, balls, and
ass.  Then he switched to using just two fingers and his thumb right below
his prick head.  His hand movement sped up almost to a blur and his ass
tightened up just before he began shooting a huge load of thick white
cream into my sink (in his mind, my pussy!).  He continued pumping out the
last drops and his body relaxed while he watched me through the mirror. 
My pussy ached to be fingered and my nipples were hard against the fabric
of my silk nightie.  After a few last squeezes of his cock, Paul wiped
himself with some tissues and got dressed, although he didn't wear
anything under his tight Levi's.  He left the house a few minutes later
but he forgot (on purpose?) to clean up the gooey juice that he had
deposited in my sink.

I desperately needed to relieve myself in more ways than one.  My bladder
was full and I had to pee something awful, but that could wait.  First,
after what I had just witnessed, my aching pussy demanded attention.  The
image of Paul's hard, spurting cock was still vivid in my mind and the
thought that he had seen my naked pussy had me near the edge already.  As
I often do, I decided to watch myself masturbate, so I shifted around on
the bed so that my legs hung off the side and I propped myself up on my
pillow facing the large mirror on the dresser.  I thought of Paul staring
at me from behind the mirror as I spread my legs wide, opening up the slit
of my wet pussy for him to savor.  With one hand I began to massage the
outer lips of my pussy, then quickly worked my fingers deeper into the
soft, moist inner tissue, letting my thumb rub over my clit.  I inserted
two fingers deep into my cunt and began thrusting in and out.  Two fingers
of my other hand then went to work directly on my hard little clit.  God
what a wonderful feeling and what an eyeful for Paul!  I then began
imagining how great it would feel to have Jenny's tongue doing the work
instead of my fingers.  The thought of having her face and tongue buried
in my crotch while Paul watched and stroked his beautiful cock was enough
to send me to a fantastically intense orgasm.  My entire body shuddered
and I felt the material of my nightie rubbing on my hard nipples.  I
stayed in that position for a minute or so licking the pungent morning
taste of my juices off of my fingers.  Then I went to the bathroom and
pissed like a tomcat.  I went out to the kitchen, washed my hands (I left
Paul's mess in the sink as a surprise for Jenny), and fixed myself a late
breakfast.  I couldn't wait to tell Jenny about seeing Paul jerking off
that way.

Jenny came home around 12:30 and brought some fast food for lunch.  While
we ate, I told her all about what Paul had done and how he had seen my
bare pussy.  After she finished eating, she unbuttoned her blouse and
pulled off her skirt.  She put her hand down into her black panties and
fingered herself while I continued to describe what had happened.  Finally
she said, "Oh, Cheryl, you make me so hot!  Let's go take a shower.  We
went back to the bathroom and finished undressing.  Before we got in the
shower, Jenny looked at Paul's cum in the sink and said, "wow, that was
quite a load!  I wonder if he's got anything left for this afternoon?"  We
showered together, played with and sucked each other's tits, and fingered
each other's pussies until we both came.  After toweling off and putting
on some light perfume, we dressed.  I just put on some simple white cotton
panties and a longish T-shirt.  Jenny wore a cute floral minidress with
very sheer pink panties and matching bra.  As always, her nipples and
pussy mound looked just great with such flimsy coverings.

As expected, Paul got back around 2:00 while we were in the family room
lounging around and reading.  He obviously noticed our sweet
little-girl-next-door sort of appearance as he smiled and said hi.  He
then said, "why don't we play some more pool after I grab a quick shower?"
 We nodded, and smiled at each other, both of us thinking about what else
he liked to grab.  He returned in 10 minutes or so, clearly refreshed,
wearing a tank top and a very tight pair of white gym type shorts.  His
butt, which I guessed was freshly powdered, was as smooth as could be, so
he certainly wasn't wearing underwear.  His balls and limp dick made an
obvious impression in the front of his shorts.  Jenny and I played as a
team against him in nine-ball.  The game was enjoyable because our skill
levels were pretty equal but what really made it fun was watching each
other bend over to shoot.  

As we moved into the second game, Paul paid less attention to pool and
more and more to our watching our bodies.  We both noticed the lump in his
pants begin to rise as we played.  At one point, Jenny was leaning over on
the table and Paul was in front of her looking down her dress.  Even from
my side view, I could see her tits jiggling in that pink bra.  Paul's dick
was at full attention now, straining against the tight shorts, and he made
no attempt to hide it.  On my next shot, I leaned way forward, almost
laying on the table.  Paul was directly behind me so he was getting a full
view of my white panties as my shirt stretched up above my ass.  I was
showing off for him and I knew that he was loving it.  Jenny was now
sitting on a bar stool with her legs spread so that Paul also had a nice
up-the-dress view of her charms.  As I lined up my shot, I felt something
hard and somewhat cold on my inner thigh, moving upward toward my crotch. 
It was the handle end of Paul's cuestick!  As he brought it up high enough
to touch my pussy, he moved it back and forth a little and said, "does
that hard thing feel good there, Cheryl?"  I let my legs come together
around the shaft and sighed, "oh yes, you bet it does."  Looking straight
at Paul's crotch, Jenny said, "I can see something else that's hard!" as
she rubbed herself between her legs.  Paul pulled out the stick, came
right up behind me, and then leaned into me so that his hard member was
pressing up against my ass.  

While we pressed harder against each other, Jenny stood up and began to
slowly unbutton her dress.  Paul and I watched intently as she slipped out
of it and posed seductively for us in her skimpy bra and panties.  Paul
started an up and down humping motion, massaging his cock through our
clothes against the crack of my ass.  I reached down and slipped my hand
into my panties which were getting wetter by the minute.  Jenny came over
to us and worked her hand between my ass and Paul's hard cock.  "Cheryl
tells me you have a pretty dick, Paul, let me see it," said Jenny as she
rubbed her hand along it's length.  He backed up some and took his pants
off, exposing his full erection for us.  Jenny reached out and grabbed his
dick and began to slowly jerk him off.  She said, "Cheryl was right, it is
pretty.  You've powdered it again, like she said, haven't you?  It slides
so smoothly in my hand."  Jenny smiled at him and said, "what were you
thinking when you saw my little sister's blond pussy this morning?"  Paul
said, "I wanted to go into her room and ram my dick into her sweet love
hole.  I know she saw me watching her and jacking off for her.  Now I
want....I need....to fuck her."  Jenny said, "no you can't go that far, we
both are confirmed virgins."  "Oh please don't tease me like this girls,
I've just got to fuck something," said Paul, practically begging.  Jenny
then unhooked the front clasp of her bra, squeezed her 36C's together and
said, "OK, how about these, big boy, want to slip it between them?"  She
then squeezed his dick again and said, "Cheryl go get some more of that
powder that Paul is so fond of."  Then she led Paul over to the carpeted
area in front of the couch.

I hurried back with the powder and found Jenny on her back on the floor
with Paul straddling her waist and stroking his dick above her face.  I
sprinkled a bunch of the powder onto her tits and on his cock and then
rubbed it all over both areas.  Jenny pushed her tits together and Paul
moaned with delight as his prick slid between them.  He then began a slow
back and forth rocking motion so that his cock was "fucking" the soft,
tight valley between Jenny's breasts.  I pulled off my wet panties and sat
down on the couch right above Jenny and spread my legs wide.  Paul had a
perfect close up view of my pussy as I began to rub my clit.  I wanted to
come for him while he worked himself up to a climax.  His face looked
strained as he thrust harder and Jenny kept up the pressure on him by
squeezing her tits together even more.  After a few more strokes, he
shouted, "I'm gonna cum, I gonna cum on your face and tits."  I climaxed
in my own hand then and shortly after that Paul's cock began squirting
jets of white cum onto Jenny's neck, chest, and face.  She tried to lick
it off of her lips and chin while he kept on shooting, smaller and smaller
amounts.  She relaxed her grip and then smeared his cum all over her tits,
massaging it especially on the nipples.

Jenny looked up at me as Paul backed away and knelt beside her.  She said,
"Cheryl come here, help me, I want to come too."  I got down beside her
and started to lick the cum off of her face, neck, and breasts.  I sucked
hard on her nipples and her ass began to squirm.  I noticed that Paul was
watching our every move and that he was holding his semi-hard cock.  I
moved down to her legs, pulled off her panties, and tossed them in Paul's
direction.  Jenny opened up for me and I did a nose dive directly into her
beautiful mound of brown fur and pink flesh.  I knew that Jenny was
desperate to get off so I wasted no time and went straight for her clit. 
I licked it and then sucked it between my lips while I shoved two fingers
into her slit.  It was only seconds before she climaxed, grabbing my head
and forcing my face tighter against her pussy and my tongue deeper into
her.  God, she tasted and smelled wonderful, almost sweet.  I noticed that
Paul's cock was hard again and he was stroking it with Jenny's sheer pink
panties wrapped around it.  I licked my lips and my fingers, savoring the
taste of my sister's luscious cunt juices.  Paul stroked harder, obviously
enjoying the feel of the panties on his shaft.

Just as I started to lean forward to suck Paul's dick, we heard the sound
of the garage door genie.  "Jesus Christ, Dad's home!" screamed Jenny. 
All three of us sprung to action grabbing clothes and frantically getting
ourselves covered.  Paul picked up several pieces of clothing, including
Jenny's panties as it turned out, and ran into the bathroom.  As the door
opened, Jenny and I were basically dressed and were sitting on the couch
with the Saturday newspaper in hand.  We greeted him and he said "hi
girls, what's happening."  Jenny smiled, glanced at the pool table, and
said, "oh not much, we just finished whipping up on Paul.  He plays a
pretty mean stick, but we managed to beat him at his own game.  He's in
the bathroom now, wondering what happened."  Dad looked at us kind of
funny, then just shrugged and said, "well, I guess you all had fun."
