Archive-name: Violent/chet.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Chet


Another file from the old days. Part of it was still in capitals. I
don't know its origin, but I got it from a local BBS. It seems to be by
the same author as INEZ.

     After Johnnie and Amy leave, Chet pulls Dan aside.  "Did you get
any photos of Amy?"
     "I got some great shots, showing everything!  And the best part
of it is that she doesn't even know!"
     "Good man.  I guess no other dolls are going to drop in tonight,
so let's go find some.  Dan has his camera, so let's go hunting.  Tom,
where is your find?"
     Tom leads the gang of six high-scoool seniors to the alley behind
Elsa's house.  "She always goes to bed at nine thirty, so we are right
on time.  To get the best view, we need to climb into this tree. 
Quietly please, it took me a whole year to find a girl that doesn't
pull the shades."  When the six are comfortable in the tree and Dan
has his camera with the big lens out, a light comes on in an upstairs
room.  The window is open and large.  The boys can see almost the
entire room and down the hall to the bathroom.
     "This is a perfect spot."  Elsa is looking in her dresser for
something... fresh panties.  She takes them and goes into the
bathroom, closing the door. "Shit!"  Someone shouts to Elsa from
downstairs.  She opens the door to answer and doesn't close it.  She
is nude, about to get into the shower.  Click... Click... Dan
photographs her.
     "With no window and good light, these are going to be great
pictures!"
     "Shhhh!"  Elsa gets into the shower and the boys wait.  Finally,
she comes out and dries herself.  "E.R., go get your video camera." 
E.R. climbs down. 
     Elsa is facing the boys.  There are so many good shots that Dan
is selective now, only shooting when Elsa is in full view, top and
bottom, or when she is in an unusual pose, like bending over.  She
lifts her foot up to the sink and works on her toenails.  Dan waits
until, click..., Elsa touchers her nipples and watches them grow hard. 
Click.
     "Fuck!"
     "Shut up, j.B., just watch for now."  Elsa puts her panties on
and comes to the bedroom.  She works on her hair for a long time.  Dan
takes a few shots. Finally, she closes her bedroom door and locks it. 
As she starts to pull her paities down, Chet is startled by a whirr. 
E.R. is back with the telescopic lens on his video camera.  Elsa
slowly lowers her panties and steps out of them, kicking them in a
high arc onto the bed.  Elsa's hands fondle herself, her nipples grow
to hardness.  One hand goes to her pussy.  She slowly inserts a finger
into herself and strokes her seat of passion.  She starts to breathe
hard and her hand goes faster.  Finally, she uses one hand to hold
herself open and the other to stroke herself.  Click... click.... 
     Dan puts in new film and continues to take shots.  Finally, Elsa
shudders and bites her lower lip, then throws a kiss in the direction
of the boys.  Elsa pulls her panties on, unlocks the door and puts her
nightgown on.
     "Are we done, Tom?"
     "Yes."  The boys climb down and stow their gear in e.R.'s van.
     "That Elsa is one stacked chick!"
     "Let's rape her."
     "Listen, i've watched her for weeks.  She always does the same
thing.  I think i love her.  Anyway, she is going to the 'stomp' with
me on friday."
     "Are you laying claim to her?"
     "Yes."
     "Okay, she's yours.  Do you have a camera?"
     "My dad does."
     "See if you can get some better shots for us, okay?"
     "Okay."
     "Geek, you're next."
     "All i got is an old broad."
     "We'll take a look." 
     They drive to the alley behind Sally's apartment and park.  "Get
the gear."
     "Be quiet, we have to climb onto this roof, then over to that
building and finally up those stairs."  When they get there, the
apartment is dark.  "She's not home."
     "It's early, let's wait."  The boys wait for about a half hour. 
Finally, her light comes on.  She is not alone.  Sally and her
boyfriend have drinks. They sit on the couch and neck.  His hand goes
into her blouse and she pushes him away.  He stands up and calls her a
tease.
     "If you send me away tonight, i won't be back!"  Sally takes his
hand and shoves it into her blouse.
     "Please be gentle with me, Artie!"  He unbuttons Sally's blouse
and pulls it off.  He reaches behind her and unhooks her bra.  Sally's
tits are not large, but they are beautiful.  Click and whirr.  They
kiss deep.  Finally, his hands are on her crotch and he almost tears
her clothes off.  He fingers her cunt and then kneels down and sucks
it.  After a time, he stands up and pulls her face onto his penis. 
They talk for a minute and finally Sally opens her mouth and sucks it. 
He comes in Sally's mouth, so she leaves for a second.  While she is
gone, he works on himself until he has another erection. 
     When Sally comes back, she tells him to leave.  He goes berzerk
and tears her robe off.  He forces her to lie on the couch, and forces
his penis into her cunt.  Sally fights him, but he holds her mouth and
slugs her in the stomach until Sally stops resisting.  He rides her
for a long, long time.  Finally, he withdraws.  She sits up crying and
holding her stomach.  He forces her to lick and suck his penis clean. 
His erection returns, and he has her kneel in front of him when he
sits down.  He forces his cock into her mouth.  He says something to
her and reaches down and squeezes her tits hard.  Sally tries to get
up.  He pokes her in the stomach and she falls back.  When he comes,
he has Sally suck him dry.  While she is sucking him, he ties her
hands behind her back with her nylon stocking.  He gags her by
stuffing her panties into her mouth and ties the other nylon around
her head to hold them in.  He forces her to stand up and then he grabs
her nipples and squeezes.  He twists them violently and pulls them as
hard as he can.  Sally screams, but no sound.  He slugs her stomach
hard.  Sally folds onto the floor.  He kicks her breast.  He dresses
and stands over her. 
     He turns her over so that her left breast is on the floor, then
he steps on it with his shoe.  She tries to withdraw, but he puts his
weight on it and twists his foot.  Sally screams.  He lifts his foot
and reaches down to feel the effect.  He fondles her left breast and
squeezes it.  He then turns her over so that her right breast is on
the floor.  This time he stomps his heel down on her breast first,
then steps on her and twists.  This time when he feels her right
breast, he smiles.  He grabs her by the tits and pulls her to her
feet.  He whispers in her ear while he grabs her breasts and squeezes
them.  He takes a switchblade from his pocket and puts the blade on
Sally's face while he threatens her.  Finally, he slugs her breast and
her stomach as hard as he can. Sally is out cold.  After she falls to
the floor, he turns her over and stomps on her left breast several
times with his heel against the hardwood floor. Fortunately, she
doesn't feel it.  Finally he leaves.  The boys hurry over to her
apartment and let themselves in. 
     They put Sally on her bed, untie her and remove the gag.  J.B.
wants to gang-bang her while she sleeps.  They are all aroused from
watching the scenes through the window, so they agree to have her as
long as she is not further hurt.  Sally is wet, so they are finished
in little time.  Only two want seconds.
     "Dan, take photos of her showing the bruises.  I want close-ups." 
Dan takes several photos and has them stand her up for some.  Finally,
Sally starts to come around.
     "Who are you?"
     "We heard a fight in here, so we looked in.  Are you okay?"
     "No, i hurt!"  Sally starts to cry.  "He stepped on me.  Like a
cigarette butt."  Sally touches her sore breasts.  She finally
realizes that she is naked. "Where are my clothes?"  Sally dresses. 
No bra, because of the pain.  She convinces the boys to forget the
whole thing.
     "I will call you later to see if you have changed your mind." 
Chet copies her phone number and the boys leave. 
     "J.B., you got one?"
     "She's black."
     "You mean Kissy?"
     "None other!"  They drive to Kissy's house and park down the
block.  They sneek into her neighbor's yard and climb onto his garage. 
Geek stays down to keep watch.  Kissy's boyfriend and brothers are
big!  J.B. indicates Kissy's room and they get set up.  Two hours
later, Kissy comes home.  When she turns the light on they see that
the window is open and they can see her clearly. Whirr.  Kissy takes
her sweater off.  No bra.  Kissy's breasts are very large for a
high-school girl.  Kissy removes her jeans, shoes and socks.  She
closes nd locks the door.  Click.  Kissy pulls her panties off and
reaches under her bed for a tube.  She squeezes something into her
pussy.  She then pokes her finger into herself and works the stuff
around.
     "Birth control?"  They all nod.
     Kissy fingers herself more than is necessary and finally fingers
her nipples to hardness.  After a time, she relaxes, puts her robe on,
and goes into the bathroom.  We hear a commothion below Kissy's
window.  Kissy comes to the window and looks down.  Kissy's boyfriend
is holding Geek.  "Come down here a minute, Kissy."
     Kissy comes around the house.  Geek is in a hammer lock.  "I
caught him watching you."
     Kissy looks at Geek.  "I know you from school.  Were you watching
me?"
     "Yes."
     "Did you see anything?"
     "Yes."
     "Is that fair?  You watch me, but i don't get to watch you.  Take
your clothes off."  Geek hesitates.  The boyfriend puts his hand over
Geek's mouth and pushes up on the arm.  Geek screams.  No sound.  Geek
nods his head.  Geek is released.  The arm is sprained and painful. 
Geek takes his clothes off.
     Kissy opens her robe.  "Am i pretty?"
     "Beautiful!"
     "Would you like to touch me?"
     "Yes."
     "Just your tongue."  Geek approaches her and licks her breast. 
"Suck gently."  Geek sucks her nipple to hardness.  Then the other
one.  "Take my panties off with your teeth."  Geek kneels down and
slowly pulls Kissy's panties down while boyfriend ties Geek's hands
behind him.  When Geek has the panties down to the lawn, Kissy tells
him to suck her toes.  One by one.  Geek does. Kissy steps out of her
panties, spreads her legs, indicates her cunt, and tells Geek to suck. 
Geek licks and sucks her until she tires of it.  "Kiss my ass." Kissy
bends away from Geek and boyfriend shoves Geek's head between Kissy's
cheeks.  "Kiss."  Geek does.  "Open your mouth and suck!"  Kissy
gently grabs Geek's balls.  Geek sucks.  "French me."  Geek does. 
Kissy still holds his balls.  Kissy closes her ass and stands up.  She
pushes Geek down onto his back. "Drink this."  Kissy sits on Geek's
face.  "Open up."  Kissy reaches back and persuades Geek to open.  He
opens very wide.  Kissy sits on his mouth and pees. Geek must swallow.

     Finally, Kissy moves up a little, squeezes Geek's balls, and
shits down his mouth.  Kissy wipes herself on Geek's shorts.  While
Geek is lying there, boyfriend pees on his face.  Finally, boyfriend
pulls Geek to his feet. "Spread you legs."  Geek does.  "Jack off!" 
Geek does.  When Geek is hard and pumping himself fast, Kissy knees
him in the nuts.  Geek would have fallen, but boyfriend held him up. 
"Spread your legs and jack off!"  Geek does.  Just when Geek looks
like he is enjoying it, boyfriend kicks Geek's testicles with his
foot.  Geek moans.  "Jack off!'  Geek pumps himself again.  "You can
go when you come."  Geek pumps himself harder.  Kissy takes Geek's
balls in her hand and squeezes them.  Geek groans, and then cries from
pain.  Kissy lets go.  After a long time, Geek comes.  "If i see you
in this neighborhood again, i will castrate you.  Got that, whitey?"
     "Yes."
     "You have seen me and touched me, now leave me alone!"
     "I will.  Please forgive me?"
     "Go home, whitey!"  Kitty plants her knee in Geek's groin one
last time, and then they push Geek out into the street.  They throw
his clothes out to him. Lastly, they untie his hands. 
     The boys catch up with Geek and take him home.  Next day at
school, the boys decide to start their panty/bra raid.  Dan has
another camera.  They wait by an empty room until a lone girl comes
by.  They grab her, pull her into the empty room, tape her mouth and
strip her.  Then they photograph her several times, showing
everything, and let her dress.  They keep the panties and bra. Then
they release her with the warning that they will publish the photos if
she squeels.  After several weeks, the girls are never alone.  Since
there are six boys, they start taking in groups of two or three girls,
and getting group shots as well as the singles.  They know that they
will be caught someday, so they make several copies of each photo and
keep one set around for when they are caught.  Somehow, they never get
caught.  They decide to stop while their luck is good.  The boys then
decide to sell copies of the photos back to the girls. 
     "Gwen, please come to my house tonight at nine o'clock.  I have
some photos that i want to sell to you.  One hundred dollars.  Fine,
see you then."  Chet takes Gwen down to his room.
     "Where are they?"  Chet gets a folder out and lets Gwen look at
them. "here is your money."
     "There is one thing, Gwen.  I have been looking at these photos
for a long time, and i don't want to give them up."  Gwen tries to
grab the photos, but Chet locks them and the money in his file
cabinet.  "I will give them to you, if you let me see the real thing
again."  Gwen hesitates.  "I will give you the photos and promise you
that we will never do it again, if you will give me your clothes, let
me see you, and kiss you for ten minutes.  You're very pretty.  I am a
fan of yours.  No one will ever know, except you and me.  I will not
do anything without your permission."
     "I must have those photos."
     "You will get them."
     "Is this strictly between you and me?"
     "Yes.  I will tell no one ever."
     "Ten minutes."
     "Ten minutes."
     Gwen removes her shorts and hands them to Chet.  The t-shirt is
next. Shoes and socks.  Panties, and finally, the bra.  "Okay, do your
thing." 
     Chet kisses Gwen on the mouth, neck, chest, and breast.  Chet
fingers Gwen's pussy, and inserts a finger into her cunt.  Gwen is wet
already.  Chet finds her clitoris, and starts to work on it.  One hand
on her breast, one hand on her mound, Chet kisses Gwen and she opens
to him.  At length, they are lost in each other.  Gwen starts to
undress Chet.  When they are both nude, Chet indicates the bed and
Gwen lies down.  Chet mounts her and makes it a long, long ride. 
Finally, Chet fills Gwen with his come, and they lay back to relax.
     "You're good, Chet."
     "Thank you, but i hope we are not finished already."
     Gwen looks at him and smiles.  "Okay."  This time, Chet builds up
to the climax very slowly, so they both orgasm together.  Gwen
screams.  Chet brings her down slowly.  Later, they rest.
     "Chet, you can keep my pictures.  I trust you."
     "Enough to let me take some more?"
     "Yes."
     Chet takes Gwen to the family room and gets his camera.  After
Gwen cleans up a little, Chet takes about a hundred shots of her. 
Exotic shots.  Showing everything.  Gwen fingering herself, showing
her clitoris, squeezing her breasts, legs apart up and wide, fingers
pulling her pussy open, etc....  Some expter shot make her look more
beautiful. 
     Gwen gets ready to leave.  "I am yours, if you ever need me. 
Just call me."  Gwen leaves.
     "Did you get any good shots of us together?"
     Dan pats his camera.  "The best!"
     "Who is next?"
     "April."
     "Hi, April.  This is Chet.  I have some photos that you might
want to buy. Two hundred dollars.  Don't go to pieces.  If i sell
copies for five dollars each, i will make many times that."  Silence. 
"Be at my house in thirty minutes, and bring the money in cash."  Dan
gets set up and Chet showers.
     "Hi, April.  Let's go down to my room.  Do you want to see the
photos first?"
     "Yes."  Chet gets April's file out and shows her the photos. 
"You bastard!"  April hands Chet the money.
     "Okay, if you're going to be that way, there is one other
condition of sale."
     "What is that?"
     "I want to see the real thing again."
     "Never!"  Chet locks the money and pictures in the file cabinet.  
"Give me my pictures!"
     "Never."
     April starts to cry.  "Please?"
     Chet holds out his hand.  April unbuttons her blouse and pulls it
out of her skirt.  She pulls it off her arms and hands it to Chet. 
She unhooks and unzips her skirt, puches it down and steps out of it. 
Shoes and socks.  Still crying, she unhooks her bra and slides it off
her arms to Chet's waiting hand. Finally her panties are pushed to her
feet and Chet has them all.  Chet locks her clothes in the file
cabinet. 
     Chet tries to kiss April.  No dice.  "I am naked, go ahead and
look."  Chet approaches her, but she backs away.  Chet grabs her by
the arm and takes her upstairs to the front door.
     "Either make me happy, or i will throw you out into the street."
     April cries harder.  "Please..."
     "No.  Well, is it yes or no?"
     "Yes."
     Back in Chet's room, he kisses April on the mouth.  "You need to
help a little!"  April opens her mouth to him.  Chet fondles her
breasts and cunt while he kisses her.  After a time, April starts to
respond.  April spreads her legs and Chet finds her clitoris.  When
April is moving to Chet's stimulus, he lays her on the bed, strips,
and mounts her.
     "Please be careful!  It is my first time!"  Chet starts in
carefully, but it doesn't take an expert to tell that April is lying. 
Chet pumps April for as long as he can.  At last, Chet fills April
with come and lays back.  "Will you give me the pictures now?"
     "Don't you want to go again?"
     "Ok."  The second time, Chet is more demanding.  April is forced
to suck Chet's penis at length.  Finally, Chet pumps her again until
they orgasm together.  Chet gives April the photos and she leaves. 
[16]  (Hi Mona, this is Chet.  I have some photos that i am planning
to copy and sell for five dollars each, but i thought you might want
to buy them instead.)  'Yes i would.  How much?'  (Two hundred dollars
buys the originals and i won't make any copies.)  'Ok.'  (Be at my
house in thirty minutes.)  When Chet opens the door he is surprised to
see Mona and her mother, Marilyn. Marilyn insists on having the
photos.  (Mona, sit here and watch tv for a few minutes while your
mother and i talk.)  'Ok.' Marilyn and Chet go down to Chet's room. 
Chet shows Marilyn the photos. (And the money?)  Marilyn gives Chet
the money.  Chet locks the door. 'What are you doing?'  (You must want
these pictures pretty badly to come personally.  You were not part of
the bargain.  I must add one more item to the price.)  'What?'  (I'd
like to see where Mona gets her looks.) Chet reaches out and unbuttons
the top button on Marilyn's blouse. Marilyn instinctively grabs the
second button.  (Ok. No deal.)  Chet locks the photos and money in the
file cabinet.  'Give me my money.' (That is for my wasted time.) \\
[17]  'How much do you want to see?'  (Everything.)  'You ask too
much. How about just the top?'  (How about everything but the panties
and i can touch you?)  'Ok.'  Chet moves Marilyn's hand and continues
to unbutton her blouse. He unsnaps and unzips her skirt and slides it
down.  Chet pushes her slip down and she steps out of them.  Chet
takes her shoes. Chet unhooks the stockings and slowly pulls each
down.  Chet pulls at the garter.  Marilyn pulls them up thru her
panties, unhooks them and hands them to Chet.  Chet pulls Marilyn's
blouse off her arms and unhooks the bra.  The bra falls into Chets
hands.  Chet locks the clothes in the file cabinet, and turns to
Marilyn.  Chet slowly starts to work on Marilyn. He kisses her and
fondles her and rubs her private places.  When Marilyn's panties are
damp, Chet works his finger into her clit thru the fabric. Marilyn
responds to his touch and reaches for Chets crotch. Marilyn undoes
Chets pants and pushes them down.  She fondles his penis thru his
shorts.  Finally Marilyn grabs the elastic and bares his manhood. \\
[18]  Marilyn takes Chet's penis in her hand and mastrabates him,
while squeezing his balls with the other.  Chet reaches down into
Marilyn's panties and inserts his finger into her pussy.  It goes in
easily. Marilyn is ready. Marilyn reaches up and pulls her panties
down. Chet pushes Marilyn down onto the bed and she spreads herself
wide for him. Chet's penis slides in easily. Since Chet has had many
orgasms today, he is able to make it last a very long time.  Finally
Chet drains himself into Marilyn's cunt.  Marilyn goes wild. Moving
violently on the bed and screaming.  Someone looks in and silently
closes the door.  When Marilyn finally settles down, Chet withdraws
and they lie in quiet.  Shortly, Chet starts kissing her breasts and
fingering her cunt again and they complete the love cycle one more
time.  (Marilyn, let me photograph you. They would be just for me.) 
'Ok, but i must clean up first' Chet shows Marilyn the downstairs
bathroom.  While she is thus engaged, Chet dons pants and shirt and
goes up to talk to Mona. \\ [19]  (We are taking longer than
expected.)  'I saw you fucking my mother.' (We did nothing wrong. 
Come down and watch me photograph her.)  Chet takes Mona down to his
room.  When Marilyn comes out of the bathroom, Chet takes her into the
family room and photographs her.  After three rolls of film Chet snaps
his fingers.  (I forgot about Mona.  Wait a minute and i will send her
home.  I'll be back in a few minutes.)  Chet takes Mona to the door
and they peek in. Marilyn is sitting naked on a sofa reading a book. 
Chet takes Mona into his room.  'Give me my pictures.'  (Ok, but first
i want to see the real thing again.)  'Haven't you had enough.' (Your
mother is ok, but i want you.)  Mona grins.  'Ok.'  Chet undresses
Mona and makes love to her.  'Now lets go take my picture.'  Chet and
Mona walk in on a surprised Marilyn.  (Settle down everyone.)  Lets
take some pictures and see what develops.  Chet poses them and takes
several rolls of pair shots.  (You seem distant.  Lets make love
together.) Chet has them lie down and he works on both at once.  Only
Chet hears the whirr and clicks. \\ [20]  Chet takes Marilyn first,
and while he rides her, he fingers Mona's clitoris, and kisses her
mouth.  Before he comes, Chet switches and puts his penis in Mona and
fingers Marilyn.  Chet switches six times and finally comes in
Marilyn.  (Now maybe someone will smile.) Marilyn and Mona are both
more relaxed and cooperate with the next batch of photos.  Later,
Marilyn and Mona want to know if they can come again. Both agree to
leave the photos with Chet. \\ [21]  ((Wow.  These photos are
dynamite.  We could blackmail them for their last dime.))  (Who's
next?)  ((Kissy's sister Virginia.)) Hi Virginia, this is Chet.  I
have your photos ready.  I am planning to sell them.  I think we can
get ten bucks each.  We will make a bundle. Whats that, you don't want
to sell them.  Maybe you would like to buy them.  Three hundred
dollars.  Tomorrow at eight o'clock.  See you then.) Virginia comes
alone.  She is younger than Kissy, but almost as big. Chet takes her
down to his room and shows her the photos.  (Your photos came out
better than the rest.  I thing they are worth more than i asked.)
Virginia hands Chet the money.  'I only brought three hundred.  I
don't have any more.'  Chet rubs his chin.  (Well, if you will take
your clothes off and let me touch you, i will forget the other money.)
Virginia hesitates.  'Ok.'  Virginia removes her shoes and socks and
hands them to Chet.  She unzips and unsnaps her slacks, slides them
down, steps out, and hands them to Chet.  Virginia slowly unbuttons
her blouse.  Finally she pulls it off her arms and hands it to Chet.
\\ [22]  Virginia stands before Chet in panties and bra.  Slowly she
reaches behind and unhooks the bra.  Chet pulls the bra away.  (Son of
a bitch!) 'Like those, Chet'  (love em.)  'I like you to look at me,
Chet.  I want to look at you too.'  Chet almost falls down trying to
get his clothes off. Chet is hard. Virginia smiles at his erection. 
'You are big.  Is it just for me?'  (Yes.) 'May i touch you?'  (Yes.) 
'Show me how.'  Chet takes Virginia's hand and shows her how to pump
him.  Chet takes one breast in two hands and fondles it. Squeezing,
teasing the hard nipple.  Chet kisses Virginia on the mouth.  When she
opens to him, one hand goes down to her cunt and he rubs her clit thru
the panties.  Chet lowers her panties and she steps out of them,
spreading her legs to give him better access. Virginia is wet, hot,
and ready very quickly.  She pulls Chet over to the bed and pulls him
down onto her.  She guides him into her.  He goes in easily.  She is
hot.  Chet rides her, but comes too soon.  He stays in her and works
himself till he is ready again.  This time Chet gives her a ride for
her money.  A nice long ride.  They come together. \\ [23]  (Virginia,
let me photograph you.  What i mean is, will you pose for me now?) 
'Yes.'  Chet takes Virginia to the family room and she does everything
he asks.  When he is finished, she kneels before him and takes Chet's
penis into her mouth.  When Chet is hard they make wild love on the
floor.  'Chet, will you call me.'  (Sure.)  'Please call me, Chet.' 'I
am here now.  I will do anything for you, only please call me.'  Chet
has Virginia pose again.  This time she is in strange attitudes,
showing the inside of her pussy, showing asshole and pussy, etc.  When
Virginia leaves, she reminds Chet of his promise to call.  ((Wow, i
thought she was going to burn my camera up.  I think you have a
problem.  I think Virginia loves you, and i don't think it started
today.))  (I hardly know her.  Who's next?)  (Hi Becky, this is Chet. 
Want to buy a picture?  Two hundred dollars.  Yes, two hundred each. 
I'd rather you each came alone.  Ok, all three of you tomorrow at
seven.  I'll ask some friends over to help me.  Come alone, and bring
the money.) \\ [24]  Becky, Carmen, and Mayce arrive on time.  Chet
takes the trio down to his room.  (I would rather talk to you
individually.)  'No. We will stay together.'  (Did you bring the
money?)  They each hand Chet two hundred. (If you insist on being
together, i want more money.  Or else your bodies.) The girls confer.
'What do you mean our bodies?'  (I want you to take your clothes off. 
I want to see you, touch you, and taste you.)  The girls argue for a
moment and then agree.  (Please undress one at a time.  If you don't
it will blow my mind.) Becky agrees to be first.  Becky removes her
shoes and socks.  Her shorts and halter follow.  Panties, and finally
the bra.  Becky is a small girl, but shapely.  Carmen is next.  Shoes.
She isn't wearing socks.  Shorts, blouse, bra and finally panties. 
Carmen is a little bit heavy.  Her breasts are larger than Kissy's
with a little sagging already.  They bounce around when she walks. 
Mayce is slower to undress.  She didn't want to come.  Mayce removes
her sneakers and socks. Tshirt, shorts, bra, and finally panties. 
Chet locks the clothes and money in the file cabinet. \\ [25]  Chet
kisses Mayce while Becky and Carmen remove his clothes.  Chet's hands
explore Mayce's wonders while Becky and Carmen explore him.  After a
time Mayce starts to respond. 'No. No. Please don't'  she pleads as
Chet strokes her clitoris.  Chet is hard with Becky jacking him off
and Carmen stroking his balls.  Marcy is wet and ready.  Chet fingers
Becky and Carmen till all three are wet.  Chet pushes all three down
onto the bed.  Chet enters Mayce first. He encounters a small
resistance as he breaks her maidenhead.  Then he pumps her while he
fingers Becky and Carmen.  Chet moves from girl to girl.  Finally Chet
cannot hold back, and he comes in Mayce.  After a short rest Chet
rides Becky till they both come.  Carmen works on Chet until he comes
to life and enters her.  Carmen gets the longest ride.  While they are
resting Chet suggests they take pictures to remember the day.  'We
came here to buy pictures!'  (These will be personal special pictures,
just for us three.)  The girls finally agree. Even Mayce has mellowed. 
Chet takes several rolls of wild photos. \\ [26]  After Chet gives the
girls their clothes, and the photos that he sold to them, he takes
Mayce asside and tells her he would like to see her again.  She
agrees, and the trio leaves.  ((You soft on Mayce?)) (She was a
virgin.)  Later that night the six boys get together for their weekly
rape.  (Anyone know a likely Candidate?)  <I think we should take miss
Black down a peg or two.> (The history teacher?)  <Thats the one.
Today she gave me a hard on then made me stand in front of the class
and read.  Everyone thought it was funny but me.>  (Ok. Lets go see
miss Black.)  Noone is home when the boys get to miss Black's.  They
enter and wait, spending their time looking thru her personal stuff,
taking what they want.  It is late when miss Black comes home.  The
boys hide and watch.  Miss Black takes her clothes off and takes a
quick shower before getting into bed.  As soon as she is in bed, the
gang jumps her. She is cautioned to silence, and photographed.  The
boys help her out of her nightgown and panties, and then photograph
her some more.  Er tapes a video session with the boys showing the
camera every inch and finally forcing her pussy open for an inside
shot.  They photograph closeup her private parts and show them
squeezed and pinched.  They show her nipples slowly harden under the
boys hands. \\ [27]  Finally,  four boys hold her down while the other
two enjoy her charms. After each boy has had her at least three times,
they put a cloth bag over her head and force her out the front door. 
She is naked, except for the bag.  The boys visit the homes of the
males in her classes and offer her to them.  They all accept.  Finally
they walk her thru the alleys to the downtown.  Tom and er get ready
with their equipment, and then when noone is looking, they walk her
out into the street, tell her to close her eyes, remove the bag, and
leave her standing naked in the middle of the busiest intersection in
town.  Finally she opens her eyes when someone honks at her.  She
screams and runs into the side of another car.  After a time the
police come and take her away. \\ [28]  (Dan, you are the photographic
expert, can you take pictures in the dark?)  ((You won't be able to
tell they were night shots))  (good.  Tom, you are our sound man.  I
need a portable sound recorder that can record conversations in a car
from outside the car)  <if i can attach the microphone to the car, i
can do it.>  (Good.  We will spend the next few nights on the old road
listening to and photographing the lovers. (Hi greg, please bring
Edith over to my house tonight at eight.  It's important.  I'll tell
you then.  Bye.)  (Hi greg,  hi Edith.  Come on down to the family
room.  I have some materials that you might be interrested in.  First
listen to this tape.)  The tape player plays back their words, grunts,
sighs, etc. From the love making of the night before.  Greg and Edith
go white as sheets.  (If you are not interrested in these, just say so
and i'll find someone else, particularly greg's dad, the minister.)
'What do you want?'  (Well greg, i want lots of things.  Edith is a
very pretty girl.  You keep her all to yourself too much.  If i could
share in her love for one night,  i would be a happy man.)  Greg looks
at Edith, who shakes her head.  'No deal.'  (Too bad.  When i show
your friends these' pictures, you will be a very popular couple.) 
'What pictures?'  (Oh, did i forget to show you?  Check these out.) 
The pictures show everything in detail.  Edith's eyes are full of
fear. \\ [29]  (Noone need ever see or hear these.  It would be
between you two and me.)  Chet waits while greg and Edith exchange
glances.  Finally Edith nods, and greg gives the ok.  (Come into my
room please.  You too, greg.) (You two are experienced at this, but i
am ignorant and clumsy.  Maybe you can help me learn the ropes.  Greg,
you watch and tell me if i do something wrong, ok?)  'Ok.' Chet faces
Edith and kisses her on the cheek, chin, nose, mouth.  After several
short kisses, Edith responds and Chet and Edith french.  Chet slowly
unzips her dress and unfastens it, while he is kissing her.  Chet
pulls the dress off her arms.  Chet breaks contact long enough to ask
greg to help with Edith's clothes.  Greg pulls her dress down. Edith
steps out of it.  Greg pulls her slip down and she steps out of that.
(Greg please get the bra hook.)  Greg unhooks Edith's bra.  Chet pulls
the bra off her arms.  Chet's hands find Edith's small breasts and she
moans. Chet points down and greg pulls Edith's panties down.  Chet's
finger enters Edith's cunt. She is wet.  Chet easily finds her
clitoris. Edith is moving with his rhythem when Chet asks greg to
undress him. Greg hesitates, but eventually gives in and takes Chet's
clothes off. \\ [30]  When Chet is naked, he asks greg to help him
harden his penis. Chet is fingering Edith's clitoris, squeezing her
breast and sucking her tongue.  Greg is jacking off Chet.  Chet asks
Edith to help greg.  Edith unzips gregs pants, and greg helps her pull
his pants and shorts down. Edith jacks off greg.  Chet increases his
motion on Edith and she increases on greg, so that greg comes on his
clothes.  'Shit.'  While greg cleanes himself up Chet pushes Edith
down on the bed and enters her. Edith is ready so they orgasm
together.  Chet does not withdraw, only rests for a moment.  Soon he
is pumping Edith again.  She is surprised and pleased.  Chet takes a
long long time to come.  Edith screams and moans from new found
pleasure.  Greg is depressed.  This time Chet whispers in Ediths ear
and withdraws.  Chet takes greg aside and tells him to mount Edith and
make it good.  (Can you get it up?)  Edith offers to help. Edith
kisses and sucks greg until he is hard.  Then greg mounts Edith and
pumps her until he comes.  Edith fakes orgasm.  Greg leaves to clean
up, and Chet mounts her and rides her till she screams again.  When
both are exhausted, Chet withdraws, pulls Edith's feet up to her ass,
and spreads her knees wide for the cameras. Chet also opens her with
his hand so that Dan gets good shots.  Edith missunderstands and takes
Chet's penis into her mouth.  She sucks him until he begins to
respond.  Chet enters her again and takes a long slow time to reach
fullfilment. \\ [31]   When Chet finally withdraws, Edith is still in
the 'open' position. Chet opens her wide with his fingers and kisses
her clitoris with a little tongue action.  Edith moans and begs for
more.  (Next time, Edith.  I want to taste you.  I want my tongue in
you.  Please come again.)  'I will.' Chet takes her panties and bra. 
(May i keep these, please?)  'Yes.' Chet helps Edith dress. Finally
Chet kisses her a long probing kiss of farewell.  (Greg is waiting for
you.)  Edith seems to come down to earth. 'Old one-shot.'  (Please,
don't hurt him.)  'Ok. Business as usual.  I will call you ,Chet.'  (I
will be waiting.) Greg and Edith clean up and leave. ((You act like
you love all these chicks.)) (I do.  Did you get shots of her cunt?) 
((Clear up to her chin.)) \\ [32]  (Hi Flo, Chet.  I need to see you
and Jim tonight.  My place. Seven thirty will me fine, see you then.) 
After Jim and Flo have heard and seen. They sit silent.  (Noone need
ever see or hear this stuff.) 'Let them.'  'I can't Jim, i'll lose my
scholarship.'  'What do you want from us?'  (You guys have each other
any time.  I don't have anyone. I want to share in your love.) Chet
looks at Flo.  (I want to love you like Jim does.)  'Never.'  'Jim,
let me decide please.  There really is no decision.  I must not lose
my scholarship. What do you want me to do?' Talk Jim into helping us,
then come down to my room.  Flo persuades Jim to help her, and they
follow Chet down to his room. Chet kisses Flo on the nose, chin, ears,
neck , mouth.  With encouragement Flo opens for him. Chet fondles
Flo's breasts and thighs, and asks Jim to undress her. Flo has to talk
him into it again.  While Chet kisses and fondles Flo, Jim unbuttons
her dress and pulls it down.  Jim slips her shoes and socks off and
pulls her panties off.  Finally Jim unbuttons her bra and pulls it off
her arms.  (Undress me, Jim.)  Jim shrugs and undresses Chet. (Join us
Jim.)  Jim refuses so Flo undresses him.  Chet takes Flo's hands and
puts them on the two penises.  She knows what to do. \\ [33]  Chet
fingers Flo's clitoris, fondles her large widely separated breasts,
and explores the inside of her mouth.  Jim grows large in Flo's hand
and finally reaches out for Flo's breast.  Chet pushes Flo down onto
the bed with pussy toward the cameras.  Chet pushes her feet up to her
ass and pulls her knees appart.  Flo's lips separate and Chet opens
her with his fingers.  Chet rubs her clitoris till she moans, then he
slides his penis into her warm wet cunt.  Flo is still pumping Jim.
Jim is sucking on Flo's tit.  Chet sucks the other.  Chet rides her
hard Flo opens her mouth and licks her lips.  Chet takes her tongue in
his mouth and sucks it.  Jim comes into his hanky, but Flo doesn't
stop. She pumps harder  and harder as Chet brings her closer and
closer. Finally Chet explodes into her pussy, and Flo screams. Chet
brings her down slowly.  Flo opens her eyes.  'That was good. Please
don't stop.  Flo is squeezing Jims limp penis.  Chet starts up again
slowly until he reaches erection.  Then he picks up speed. Flo pulls
Jim down to her breast and squeezes his balls. This time Chet rides
her for a long long time.  When Chet can see that Flo is ready, he
shoots her full of come.  Flo screams again and again. \\ [34]  Flo
comes down very slowly.  'Please don't stop.  I'll do anything, only
please don't stop.  Flo is still moving under Chet.  It takes a while,
but finally Chet is ready again.  Chet pumps her slowly to the top,
then does not release himself.  Chet pumps her harder and harder.  Flo
is moaning and screaming and crying.  At last Chet comes and she falls
back exhausted.  Chet withdraws and exposes Flo's cunt to the camera
as he fingers her clitoris. Chet bends down and kisses her pashion
seed. 'Chet, please.'  (Next time.) Chet pulls Flo to a sitting
position. Flo is sitting crosslegged in front of the cameras.  Chet
plays with her large breasts and gives her one last kiss on the mouth. 
Chet takes Flo's panties and bra.  (May i keep these?)  'Yes. Oh, yes
yes.'  Jim helps Flo dress and hurries her out of the house.  ((Don't
ask. I got em)) (are you running out of film for any of the cameras?) 
((Not yet. I'll tell you when i do.))  ((How do you do it, Chet?)) 

Chet smiles. \\ [35]  (I don't know how to handle this next one?  I
guess i'll get them over here and play it by ear.)  ((Be carefull
lesbians can be mean.)) (Miss Taylor, my name is Chet, i was on the
old road the other day and i happened to see something that i would
like to talk to you about. Yes, that's the night. That's right, you
and miss Jones.  I am expecting you and miss Jones thursday at eight. 
See you then.) (Thank you both for coming.  Please sit down.  Please
don't worry.  Let me show you what i have first.)  Chet plays the
sound first. Betty and Sara are stunned.  Chet hands them the
photographs.  When he takes them back the girls hands are shaking. 
(You are both teachers?)  'Sara teaches first grade and i teach
ninth.'  (Do you like your work?)  'Yes, very much. Listen Chet, this
is the first time this has happened to me.  I was lonely. Sara and i
took a ride, and i needed to talk.  One thing led to another. I have
some money for you.  A gift.  We want you to have it.  We aren't rich
of course, but together we got one thousand dollars together.  We can
get more for you in the future.'  (That would be great.  You would
prefer that i not mention this to anyone?)  'Please don't tell anyone. 
We would lose our jobs in a minute.' \\ [36]  (Ok. I'll be quiet, but
that is not why i asked you here.) 'Why are we here?'  (I want to make
love with you, both of you at once. You said you were lonely.  I'm
lonely.  Together we will not be lonely.) (I watched you two make love
with each other, and i wanted to be a part of it.  My room is private.
Noone will ever know.  Please, i want to love you both.)  Betty and
Sara look at each other, talk it over, and decide to do it.  Chet
leads them down to his room and locks the money in the file cabinet. 
(Betty, help me undress Sara. Remember, we are not in a hurry.)  Chet
unbuttons Sara's blouse, unsnaps and unzips her skirt, and pulls the
blouse down her arms, while Betty removers her shoes and stockings. 
Chet pushes Sara's skirt and slip down and Betty removes them. Chet
kisses Sara and fondles her bra and panties.  Betty runs her hands up
and down Sara's long legs, rubbing her cheek against them.  Chet works
his finger into Sara's clit thru the fabric.  Sara is moist so Chet
pulls Sara's panties down and inserts his finger into her.  Sara parts
her legs to give Chet better access and helps Betty remove her
panties.  Betty unhooks and removes Sara's garter belt.  Sara is
beginning to move, so Chet pulls Betty to her feet and pushes Sara
down. \\ [37]  Chet kisses Betty on the mouth and then pulls her
sweater off. Betty is not wearing a bra.  Chets hands go to Betty's
breasts and their lips lock again.  Sara removes Betty's shoes and
socks and undoes her slacks.  Sara gently helps Betty out of her
slacks and pulls her panties off.  Chet squeezes Betty's mound and
Betty opens her pussy to him with her hands.  Chet inserts his finger
and finds her clitoris.  Betty moans. Sara stands up and undresses
Chet.  By the time they are all naked.  Betty is ready for action. 
Chet pushes Betty down on the bed and inserts his penis into her cunt. 
Chet pulls Sara down on the bed beside Betty. Sara takes Betty's
breast into her mouth and sucks her nipple hard. Sara reaches down and
gently squeezes Chet's balls while he pumps Betty when Chet is almost
ready, he shifts over to Sara.  Sara is ready and Chet is going strong
again almost immediately.  Sara and Betty kiss, and Sara inserts her
finger into Betty.  Chet cups Betty's breast and milks her nipples
while Sara fingers her clitoris.  Sara and Betty are sucking each
others tongues when Chet comes in Sara.  Chet slows down but keeps a
constant motion until he is hard again. \\ [38]  Chet withdraws from
Sara and replaces Sara's finger with his penis. Sara gets on her knees
and sucks Betty's nipples while Betty inserts her finger into Sara and
fingers her clitoris.  Chet reaches over Sara's ass and opens her
pussy wide toward the camera.  Chet puts his finger into Sara deep
while Betty works on the clitoris.  Betty is good at it and all three
come at once.  Chet withdraws himself and opens Betty to the camera.
Chet spreads her lips and works her pussy open so that Dan gets good
photos.  Chet gets up and lets the girls go at it for a while.  Sara
turns and straddles Bettys head and lowers herself onto Bettys face
while opening Betty's pussy to her waiting tongue. Sara reaches under
Betty's leg and into her pussy with one hand, while holding her pussy
open with the other. The one fingers deep while the other helps Sara
find and suck Betty's clitoris.  Betty's mouth is deep in Sara's cunt
and her hands are busy milking Sara's large breasts.  After a time
Chet joins in and forms a three way circle with everyone sucking
someone.  Then everyone moves to a different crotch and sucks again. 
At the end Chet inserts himself into each girl and comes one last time
in each. \\ [39]  When every one is exhausted, Chet asks for photos. 
They argue for a time, but finally give in.  Chet takes them to the
family room, and the girls pose for him.  They even let him photograph
them kissing each other's clitorises and sucking each other's breasts. 
They finally dress.  Chet asks for, and gets to keep, the panties and
Sara's bra. ((Wow!  I got it all on film.))  (Good.  One more couple
from lovers lane.  She is a big girl.  You should get some good
shots.) (Hi Eve, this is Chet.  I need to talk to you and Petey. 
Tonight would be great.  See you at nine.)  Petey is a small wimpy
guy, but Eve is a big girl.  Tits bigger than mellons.  Nice face too. 
Eve and Petey arive on time.  Chet shows them in and plays the tapes. 
Chet also shows them the photos of them making love. \\ [40]  'What do
you want from us?'  (Your body, and some love lessons.) 'It's up to
Petey.'  Petey says ok.  Chet takes them down to his room. While Petey
watchs, Chet kisses Eve and fondles her until she starts to respond. 
Chet motions for Petey to help him and they undress Eve. Petey removes
her shoes and socks while Chet undoes her dress.  Chet pushes her
dress down for Petey to remove.  Chet also pushes her slip down for
Petey.  Eve is wearing bra, panties, and garter.  Chet stands back to
admire her, then kisses the tops of her breasts, before rising once
again to her mouth.  Chet squeezes her mound and starts to work his
finger into her clit thru the fabric.  Eve is wet in no time. Chet
indicates the panties and Petey pulls them off.  Chet unhooks her bra
and frees her very large breasts.  Petey takes the bra and watches as
Chet fondles his girl.  Chet cups the breasts and lifts. Chet is
impressed.  Chet pinches the nipples into hardness and works his
finger into Eve's cunt.  Eve moans and works her hips as Chet fondles
her clitoris.  Eve is ready.  Chet has Petey remove his clothes along
with himself.  Eve takes Chets penis in her hand and rubs it to
hardness. Chet pushes her back onto the bed and enters her with no
effort. \\ [41]  Chet rides her until he comes, then has Petey mount
her. When Petey comes, Chet is ready again.  Chet opens her cunt for
the camera and kisses her clitoris before inserting his penis a second
time.  This time Chet rides her till she comes with him, screaming her
climax.  Again Chet opens her for the camera when he withdraws. Chet
has Eve get on her knees and crawl around the bed making her tits
swing and sway, for Dan's cameras.  Chet milks her while Petey enters
her from behind.  Petey comes while Eve is climbing, so Chet turns eve
over, puts his cock into her, and pumps her to climax.  Eve's screams
signal Chet to release himself into her.  Chet brings Eve down slowly.
Eve is very mello and agrees to everything Chet suggests.  Chet puts
her panties and bra in his file and takes her to the family room for
photos. Petey comes too. Eve is so mello that she poses in every pose
Chet asks. She and Petey pose together,  even sucking each other. 
((Eve sure photographs well.  I got some very good stuff.)) \\ [42] 
'This is Virginia.  Hi Chet, thanks for calling.  I am anxious to see
you.  Noone is home but me.  If you come over, we can use my room. I
will do anything you ask.  Yes anything.  Please come over. I'll see
you then, darling.'  Virginia cleans the house quickly and
concentrates on her room. When Chet arrives, Virginia greets him in
the nude.  She takes him to her room, and offers herself to him. Chet
strips and makes love to her.  When she is full of come, Chet asks if
she were serious about doing anything he asked.  'Yes.' Chet asks
Virginia to make love to his friends.  'If i do, will you still care
for me?  Will you call me?'  (Yes.)  'Ok.'  Chet turns the light off
and on and his five friends come into the bedroom.  Chet introduces
them to Virginia and she services each of them.  While Virginia is
entertaining his buddies, Geek goes up to Kissy's room and forces a
substance into the tube of birth control lotion.  Then he finds her
bras and rubs a second substance on the inside lining of each bra.
Geek enjoys Virginia very much and thinks of Kissy while he balls her.
When the five are finished with her, they leave and Chet makes love to
her again.  Slowly and tenderly Chet brings her to a climax that has
her screaming.  After Chet fills her cunt with come, he lets her down
slowly. \\ [43]  (Thank you Virginia, these are my special friends.  I
wanted them to meet you.  May we come again?)  'Yes.  Would you like
to meet some of my friends? You could meet them like i met your
friends.'  (Yes.  I will do that for you. Call me when you are ready. 
We can use my house.) Chet and Virginia talk for a short time and then
Chet leaves. Chet meets his friends on the garage. (Virginia says that
Kissy is on a date and their parents are out of town.) The boys watch
and photograph Virginia getting ready for bed.  Virginia has her own
birth control lotion.  Finally Kissy comes home and her boyfriend
leaves. Kissy repeats her nightly routine and the boys take more
photos and videos. Finally, Kissy squirts the tube into her cunt and
spreads it around with her finger.  Eventually she turns the light out
and goes to bed. Shortly the light comes on and Kissy pulls her
panties off and examines her pussy.  Kissy examines the tube she used
and throws it away. Kissy goes into the bathroom and closes the door. 
After a time Kissy calls Virginia.  Virginia goes into the bathroom
and eventually comes out helping Kissy down the hall to her bed. Kissy
is holding her pussy and crying.  Kissy tells Virginia something, she
leaves, and comes back with ice cubes.  Kissy gently pushes the ice
cubes into her pussy. \\ [44]  Virginia puts towels under Kissy's
buttocks.  The ice cubes seem to help. Kissy gets no sleep that night,
and misses school the next day. Finally when Kissy does go to school,
she walks very slowly, because of her aching pussy, and scratches her
breasts frequently. All in all, Kissy has a very miserable week. 
Until the irritant is washed out of her bras, Kissy has sore breasts
from scratching them. Geek is avenged. 


                         Chet - chapter 2 

         (Tom, how is it going with Elsa?)  <I gave up on her.  She's
going with a football star>  (got any photos for us?)  <I got some
good ones.> Tom hands Chet a stack of photos.  The boys oh and ah as
they pass them around. (Lets show her our video and see if she will
put out for us.) Hi Elsa,  i have a video i would like you to see. 
Maybe a half hour. Right now would be great. Come on over, i have it
all set up. Elsa arrives and Chet takes her down to the family room. 
(I made this tape myself, and i think i can sell it to kids at the
highschool watch it and tell me if you think i can sell it. Elsa
watches in silence.  'Why did you show me that?' (Blackmail.)  Elsa is
quiet again, but she does not get up. 'What do you want from me?' 
(The six of us that made the video want your body.)  Silence.  'Will
you give me the video?'  (If you cooperate with us in every way, i
will give you the only copy.)  Silence. 'When?'  (Now.)  'Ok.'  Elsa
reaches for the tape, but Chet tells her she will get it afterward. 
(Come down to my room.)  Elsa follows Chet into his room.
         Elsa starts to undress, but Chet takes over and does it very
slowly, so that Dan can get the pictures he wants.  Chet lifts her
tshirt over her head, removes her sandals, and pulls her shorts down.
Chet unhooks Elsa's bra and slides it down her arms.  Chet pulls
Elsa's panties down and puts her clothes in his cabinet.  Chet goes
behind her and puts her in the best light facing the camera. Chet
teases her nipples and sees them pop out and become hard.  Chet kisses
Elsa's neck, mouth, and breasts.  Chets fingers play with her cunt,
and finally enter her. Elsa is already aroused.  Chet fingers her
clitoris until Elsa moans. Chet pushes Elsa down on the bed, pushes
her legs appart and opens her cunt with his fingers.  Chet exposes her
clitoris and holds her open while he works on her.  Elsa undoes Chets
pants and pushes his pants and shorts down.  Elsa takes Chet's penis
in her hand and brings him to hardness. Chet undresses and mounts her. 
His penis goes in easily.  Chet rides her till he comes.  Chet
withdraws and all but Dan enter and take over. Elsa is surprised, but
she doesn't get up.  Chet takes over the cameras so that Dan can join
them.  Tom is first.  Elsa resists only slightly, because she dated
him.
         Tom makes it last a long time.  Elsa comes with him. Each boy
takes her.  When she is tired, they hold her down while they gang-bang
her.  When they are thru with her, Chet takes her one last time.  Chet
rides her hard. Tom and er suck her breasts and Geek sucks her tongue. 
Tom and er hold her hands under their own on their penises while they
jack off.  Finally Elsa responds.  Elsa moves with Chet and pumps Tom
and er without help.  Chet stays with her until she is ready.  Finally
she screams and Chet fills her with come. Chet brings her down slowly. 
When Chet dismounts he pulls her pussy open and exposes her to the
cameras one last time.  At length they take her into the family room
and take group pictures.  Elsa objects, but they insist.  They have to
force Elsa to pose in some of the positions.  Finally Chet gives Elsa
her sandles, tshirt and shorts.  Elsa wants her bra, because you can
see thru her tshirt.  Chet gives her one of his tshirts to wear under
hers.
         (Hello miss Sally.  This is Chet.  I was there after you were
raped the other night.  Yes you were, i saw it.  May i come over now
and talk to you.  Thank you, i will be there shortly.)  Sally is
wearing a see thru blouse, no bra,  tight shorts, and no shoes or
socks.  (Are your breasts still sore?)   'A little.'  Sallys hand goes
to her breast.  'Thank you for being there.  I don't know what Barry
would have done to me.'  (May i see your breasts please?) Sally
hesitates.  'I guess so.  Please be careful with them.'  Sally
unbuttons her blouse and pulls it off.  Sally kneels in front of Chet
to allow better access.  Chet sees the ugly bruises. (When i find
Barry i'll castrate him for you.)  'Please don't, he will kill you.  I
know him.  He is coming over tomorrow.'  (Do you want to see him?) 
'No, but he wants to see me.'  (Go to the police.) 'I already did. 
They need witnesses.'  (I was a witness.  I saw the whole thing thru
your window.)  Sally looks at Chet.  'You were spying on me?' (Yes,
please forgive me.)  Sally stands up.  'I don't know who is worse you
or him.'  (I would never hit you.)  Sally touches her sore breasts.
         Chet reaches out and pulls Sally over in front of him. 
(Please let me love you.  Let me show you how it can be with a man and
a woman. How it should be.)  Sally pulls Chets face into her shorts. 
'Ok. Show me how it should be.' Chet stands and kisses Sally on the
mouth.  Both are aroused from the talk and naked breasts.  Sally is
ready for him now, but Chet makes her wait while he undresses and
pulls her shorts and panties off.  Chet takes her tender nipples in
his mouth and gently sucks them to hardness.  Sally moans.  Chet
fingers her mound and Sally opens herself to him.  Chet inserts his
finger into her wetness and finds her clitoris. Sally moves with his
finger.  Soon Sally takes Chets penis in her hand and brings him to
hardness.  She pulls him into her bedroom, lies down, and pulls Chet
down on top of her.  Sally opens her pussy and pulls him into her. 
Chet trys to make it last, but comes too soon.  Chet stays on her and
kisses her until he grows again.  This time Chet delivers, and Sally
screams her orgasm when Chet fills her pussy with come. Afterward
Sally lets Chet photograph her.  Chet takes several close up shots of
Sally's bruised breasts.  (Thank you, Sally.  Tomorrow we will go over
to my house and make love while Barry bangs on your door.)
         Sally is frightened, but she agrees.  'As long as you are
with me i can face him.'  (We will do more than face him.) Chet
promises. On the following evening Chet takes Sally to his room and
makes love with her while Dan photographs her.  They make love several
times and suck each other to orgasm.  Around nine thirty there is a
soft knock on the door.  Sally looks at Chet, because Chet has locked
their clothes in his cabinet.  (Its Barry and my friends.  I want your
bruises exposed, and besides they have all seen you before.  Ok?) 
'Ok.'  Chet opens the door.  The boys bring Barry in.  Barry looks
bruised and limps a little. (Hello Barry.  You know my girl, Sally.
Barry, if you touch, look at, or even talk to her again i will cut
your balls off.  I mean it.) (You are not convinced?  Ok. Bring me a
cutting board.) Chet undoes Barry's pants and pulls them down along
with his shorts.  (Sally, make his dick hard for me please.)  Sally
takes Barry's penis in her hand and strokes him to hardness.  Chet
puts the board under Barry's penis and takes Barry's switchblade and
cuts his penis in half the long way.  Chet shoves Barry's shirt into
his crotch to catch the blood. (Next time, its your balls. Throw him
out.)  The boys pull up Barry's shorts and pants over his shirt,
replace the blindfold,  and help him upstairs and out the door to
Tom's car.
         Sally looks sick.  'You cut him.'  (He'll get stitched up in
no time. But, i don't think he will bother you again.)  Chet is a long
time arousing Sally again, but when he does, they have the best sex
yet. When the four boys return, Chet talks Sally into letting them
ball her everyone has her three times.  Sally is exhausted when Chet
takes the last turn.  Chet manages to get her to a new high and Sally
screams her orgasm into the crowded room for all to hear.  Chet brings
her down slowly. Chet keeps Sally's bra and panties.  They dress and
Chet takes Sally home. (Sally, if Barry or anyone else bothers you
again, please call me. If you ever want me for love or just to talk,
please call me.  I'll be here with bells on.  You are a knockout,
Sally.  Don't settle for seconds like Barry.)
         'Hi Chet, this is Virginia.  Remember your promise to meet my
friends.  Well we will all be here tonight at ten, but i need a
special favor in addition.  My father ran away with another woman and
my mother is depressed. She thinks he ran away because she is not good
in bed. I want you to convince her that she is good in bed.  Will you
do it, Chet?' (When?)  'Now, before our party at ten.'  (I will do it
for you, my darling) (hi, is Virginia home.) <No.>  (May i wait,
please.)  Kay Keller is a pretty woman with a great figure, but she
looks very down.  Finally she agrees to let Chet wait.  Kay is holding
a bottle of sleeping pills. (They won't solve your problems.) Chet
indicates the pills.  <How do you know?>  Chet takes the pills.  (Mrs.
Keller, you are a beautiful woman, please don't waste yourself.) 
<Nobody wants me.>  Kay falls into Chet's arms sobbing.  (I want you.) 
Chet pulls her wet face up to his and kisses Kay on the mouth.  The
kiss grows hotter and finally they are exploring each others mouths
and then bodies.  Chet squeezes Kay's large breasts and rubs her
crotch thru her clothes.  Kay responds and strokes his penis thru his
pants.  (I want you, Kay.)  <Not here, Virginia will be home soon.>
         Chet drives Kay to his house and signals Dan before going
down to his room.  Chet starts again and soon they are aroused again. 
Chet unbuttons Kay's blouse and slides it down her arms.  Kay removes
Chets shirt. Chet undoes her dress and removes her skirt and slip. 
Chets pants fall. Chet undoes Kay's bra and frees her two very large
mounds.  (Wow!) Chet whispers.  Kay smiles and cups her breast's as if
to offer them to him. Chet takes them and brings the nipples to
hardness.  Chet shakes her gently so that Dan gets good action shots. 
Chet unhooks Kay's stockings and slowly slides them down her shapely
legs, removing Kays shoes also. Chet works on Kay's pussy thru the
panties, until Kay is wet. Chet slowly slides Kay's panties down her
legs and rubs his face into her cunt.  Chet uses both hands on her
pussy.  One finger rubs Kay's clitoris while another goes deep into
her love seat.  Kay removes Chet's shorts and is mastrabating him. 
She is ready quickly and lies down on Chet's bed, pulling his penis to
indicate her wishes.  Chet spreads her legs wide and parts her wet
pussy for the cameras.  Chet kisses Kay's pussy and sucks her clitoris
until Kay is pulling his head into her.  Finally Chet mounts Kay and
slides his penis into her wet clit.  Chet comes quickly, but doesn't
get off her.  Chet continues his motion until he is hard again.
         This time as Chet rides her he whispers into Kay's ear the
words she needs to hear, so that her self confidence is restored. 
Chet increases the presure on her clitoris and also increases the
rhythm until Kay is lost in pleasure and screams her readiness.  Chet
shoots her full of come and sucks her tongue.  They come down slowly. 
When they finish, Kay is so happy, she crys. Chet asks Kay to do it
one more time and she agrees. Chet finally gets off and leaves her
cunt open to the camera. Chet asks Kay to get on her hands and knees
on the bed.  Kay crawls around while Chet watches her tits swing and
bounce. (Your breasts are the best i have ever seen.  You should get
pictures.  Kay, you look sleepy. I have to go out for a minute, take a
nap on my bed and when i come back i will take your picture.)  <Ok. I
am tired.>  Before Chet leaves, Kay is sound asleep on his bed.  Chet
covers her and goes to see Virginia.
         Chet and Dan drive to Virginia's house and Chet goes in. 
Chet talks Virginia into using Kissy's room, because it has two beds,
and he opens the window so that Dan can get good photos.  Chet
recognizes most of the girls. Virginia explains that everyone will
undress.  Then the girls will lay down, and Chet will go from one to
another.  Each girl gets one minute per turn.  The girl who gets the
come wins.  Chet tells them that if Virginia plays, she will win every
time, so Virginia just watches.  They spend several minutes taking
their clothes off. Chet insists that Virginia take hers off too.  When
the girls are settled on the beds, they each mastrabate themselves
until they are wet and ready.  Chet mounts the first girl and has
trouble holding back. Each girl tries to make him come.  When Chet is
pumping the fourth girl, someone squeezes his balls and he comes. 
Chet looks back and sees Virginia withdraw her hand from his scrotum. 
Virginia winks at Chet. 'I win.'  The fourth girl yells, and all the
girls laugh.  The fourth girl joins Virginia and they start again.
         Chet moves from girl to girl.  Each time Virginia squeezes
his balls, Chet comes.  As the evening wears on Virginia has to
squeeze harder and harder.  When there are only two left,  Chet has to
rest. Finally, Chet mounts one and Virginia squeezes him to climax.
The last girl is forced to lick and suck all the rest of the girls to
orgasm.  Then she is forced to suck Chet to orgasm and that takes some
time.  The next game is for Chet to match up bras and girls. The girls
cover their breasts and give me all the bras.  Chet must match them.
Virginia's is easy.  After he puts a bra in front of each girl, he
must suck all his mistakes to orgasm.  He made four mistakes.  Finally
Chet is blindfolded and forced to kneel.  Each girl opens her pussy
and pulls Chets mouth into her.  Then Chet must identify the girl.  No
hands. On the first pass, Chet only gets one right.  On the second
pass, Chet doesn't get any right.  Finally, Chet is allowed to kiss a
breast first, then suck her cunt. The percentages go up some.  At
length, Chet finally gets it right.  The girls leave and Chet is alone
with Virginia. <Thanks Chet.  I think everyone had a good time.>  (Did
you have a good time?) <I'm going to.>  Virginia starts working on
Chet's penis.
         After a time, Chet slowly grows in her hand.  When Chet is
ready, Chet enters Virginia and pumps her for a long long time. 
Virginia screams her orgasms into the night air.  Chet rides her hard
and comes with her on her third orgasm.  Both relax and fall asleep
still united. Chet wakes in an hour and hardens himself by moving
short strokes inside Virginia.  When Chet is hard and riding Virginia,
she wakes and joins him. Chet is able to hold off and doesn't come
till Virginia's second orgasm. Finally, Chet withdraws and tells her
that he has to go check on Kay. <May i come along, please.>  (Do you
want your mother to see you?). <No, i will hide.>  Dan is already
gone.  Virginia drives Chet home and comes in with him.  Kay is still
lying asleep on his bed. Chet and Virginia undress, and Chet puts her
clothes away.  Chet points and Virginia climbs under Chet's bed.  Chet
climbs under the blanket and sucks Kays breasts.  Kay moans in her
sleep.  Chet inserts his finger in her pussy and starts to stroke her
clitoris.  Kay smiles and moves in her sleep.  Chet makes himself hard
and inserts his penis into Kay. Chet pumps her into wakefullness. Kay
takes longer to reach her first orgasm.
         Kay screams her climax and begins another.  On her second
orgasm Kay screams and grabs her breasts.  Afterward, Chet takes Kay
into the family room and photographs her.  She helps in every way. 
Chet gets some very good shots. (These photos are very good.  If you
want i could try to sell them to playboy.)  Kay smiles.  <Ok. You make
up a spread, and i will look it over.>  When Kay leaves she is one
happy woman. Virginia thanks Chet and offers him anything. (If you
will love my friends when you can, i will appreciate it.)  <Ok.  I
will show my love for you by letting your friends fuck me.>  (Thank
you, darling.) Chet and Virginia make love very slowly.   Virginia
shakes herself for Chet and he wishes someone was making a video. 
Virginia is on top this time and when she is ready she reaches back
and squeezes Chet's balls. Chet comes in her pussy.  When she rises
off him, Chet holds her for the cameras before he realizes that
probably noone is there. Finally, Chet takes Virginia home.  When Chet
gets back, Dan is reloading the cameras. ((While you were sleeping, i
took some interresting closeups of Kay. I think you will like them.  I
also took some just now.))
         (Ok Gwen, i'll pick you up at eight am.)  Chet takes Gwen
into the mountains.  They hike up to a small clearing.  Chet spreads
the blanket and invites Gwen to join him.  Gwen is wearing short
shorts and a halter. Chet kisses Gwen and she responds.  Soon Chet is
fondling her legs and breasts. Chet opens her shorts and reaches in
for his prize.  Chet unbuttons the halter and pulls it off.  Chet
pulls the shorts off. The bra is next.  Gwen lies down and Chet sucks
her breasts while he fingers her thru the panties.  Chet pulls the
panties down and undresses. Chet fingers Gwen's clitoris until she is
moaning for more.  Chet leaves a trail of kisses down to Gwen's pussy. 
Gwen holds herself open to Chet while he kisses and sucks her clitoris
and cunt. Finally Chet pushes his penis into her wet cunt and pumps
her to climax.  Chet kisses her thru her climax so that her screams
will not bring a crowd.  Chet does not withdraw, but maintains
constant motion until he starts to swell again.  This time Chet brings
Gwen to a high that she has never known before. Chet cannot hold her
back, she screams her pleasure to the world.
         <Chet can i do anything for you?>  (Make love to my friends.)
<I will. I will.>  Chet waves and the boys come running.  They strip
and each enjoys Gwens charms several times.  Gwen seems in a trance as
she performs in front of Dan's cameras.  When the boys are finished
with her Gwen is exhausted. Gwen reaches for her clothes, but Chet
takes her hand and places it on his soft penis.  Gwen works him until
he begins to grow. Gwen sucks him to full stature and they make love
again, quietly and relaxed.  (Want to have some fun?) <Sure, how?> 
There is a boy scout camp near here, you could make men out of some of
them.  Gwen shakes her head.  Chet looks unhappy so she agrees. The
boys find the scouts and recruit the willing ones.  The scouts strip
and come to Gwen one at a time. Gwen lets them fondle her breasts and
finger her cunt. While she jacks them off and then sucks their penises
to hardness. Finally, Gwen pulls them onto her and she guides them
into her.  They know what to do after that.  Some of them excite her
and she has a good ride.  Some of them come in Gwen's mouth.  She
quickly pulls them into her so they will not be hurt.  At the end,
there are so many that they come in groups and gang bang her.
         When the scouts are finished, the boys gang bang her and then
leave. Gwen takes a nap, and Chet makes love to her again when she
wakes. The last time is made special by Gwen reacing another new high. 
Gwen will be hoarse tomorrow.  Finally Chet and Gwen dress and Chet
takes her home. (Hi April, this is bones.  I need someone to talk to
tonight. No, i can't talk to Elsa, she is what i want to talk about. I
need a friend.  I'll pick you up in the alley behind your house in
thirty minutes.  Thanks, bye.)  Chet grins.  (Ok. I have a body for us
to play with.  You guys line up the paying customers.)  When April is
standing in the alley, Chet sneaks up on her, puts a sack over her
head, and grabs her hands.  (Quiet, or i'll cut you.)  Chet ties
Aprils hands behind her and shoves her into the car.  (Don't move.) 
April is frightened.  Her dress is up and her legs and even her
panties feel exposed.  April slowly adjusts her dress down.  Chet
pushes her down to the car floor.  April sits in silence while they
drive.  Finally, April feels the car stop. Doors open and close. Hands
grab her and force her to walk. Up stairs. More stairs. Doors. Her
hands are untied. April reaches for the sack and someone slugs her in
the stomach hard.
         April almost falls down.  A radio comes on with loud music.
April stands still, her stomach still hurts.  'Give me your shoes.'
April knows what is coming.  She takes off her shoes and someone takes
them from her.  'Socks.' April removes her socks and holds them out
until someone takes them.  'Dress.' <Please don't do this.  I have
some money that i can get for you.  Five hundred dollars.  The teddy
bear in my room, i can get it tonight.>  Pause.  'Dress.' When April
starts to plead she is hit in the stomach so hard that she falls down. 
Someone grabs her by the hair and pulls her to her feet.  Someone
pulls on her dress to remind her. April unhooks her dress and pulls it
off.  Someone takes it.  'Slip.' April steps out of her slip. 
'Panties.'  April pulls her panties off. Someone takes them.  April
tries to cover her pussy with her hands. She hears laughter.  'Bra.' 
April unhooks her bra and holds it out. April is naked.  She feels
hands on her private parts, but her stomach still hurts.  Her legs are
forced appart and fingers violate her innermost pussy. She is pushed
down to the cold floor, her legs are forced wide and she is raped.
         April is raped numerous times.  She doesn't count.  It
becomes a blur in her mind.  At length she is pulled up.  The bag is
removed and a blindfold put on.  'Will you cooperate fully?'  April is
silent. A large plastic bag is put over April's head and sealed at the
neck. After a time breathing becomes labored.  April is suffocating. 
She moves her head but nothing helps.  <I'll cooperate.  I will.  I
will.> April gasps for air when the bag is removed. April is crying.
'Here is the plan.  We are going to sell you tonight.  You will do
everything you are asked.  Do whatever is necessary to please your
customers. Do you understand?'  <Yes.>  'We'll take the bag in case
you forget.'  April is put in a van and chained spread eagle fashion
on top of a blanket covering an old mattress.  They drive for a time,
stop, wait, door opens, door shuts, hands on her privates , kisses,
clothes come off, fingers open her pussy and force the penis in, rape,
kisses, squeeze breasts, come, withdraw, then the surprise.
         The surprise is usually a pinched breast or pulled pubic
hair, but sometimes it's a kick or slap or even a slug. Finally door
open, closed, drive to next stop.  In between she gets lectures.  'You
can kiss better than that. Show some feeling.'  All afternoon, all
evening, and all night April is sold. For variety, she is sold to
groups. Gang banged.  Usually the surprise is not too bad. At two in
the morning April is unchained.  'You did good.  When we let you out,
do not try to watch us leave.  Understand?'  <Yes.>  The door opens,
blindfold removed, and April is pushed out.  She lands on her feet but
almost falls.  The van drives away.  April opens her eyes, but it is
too bright to see anything.  April is naked and alone standing in a
bright light.  When her eyes become accustomed, April sees that she is
in a parking lot full of new cars. April runs to a spot between cars.
April spots someone she knows.  <Chet.  Hey, Chet.>  Chet hears her
and comes over.  (Hi April, it's good to see you.  All of you)  <Chet,
please help me.  I'll come over to your house again.>  (Ok.) Chet
gives April his shirt and pants and takes her home.  Aprils money is
gone.
         (We made so much money with April lets try it again.  At five
dollars a head, noone gets hurt, only this time warn them not to hurt
the girls.) Marilyn and two of her daughters, Mona and Kym, are alone
in the house when the boys call on them.  They get the sack treatment.
Kym is only eleven so she is used as a hostage so that Marilyn and
Mona will cooperate.  The sacks are removed and attractive blindfolds
are put over their eyes.  One at a time, the boys have the girls
undress. Kym is taken into another room.  When Marilyn and Mona are
naked, the boys rape them several times, then instruct them for the
night ahead. Marilyn and Mona are put in the van, no chains, and they
wait for Kym. (Kym, have you ever been fucked?)  <No.>  (Would you
like to?)  <Not like this.>  Chet unbuttons her blouse and removes it. 
Shoes.  Socks. Shorts.  Chet unhooks her bra and lays it in a separate
pile.  (Kym, you will be a beautiful woman.  Your breasts are
gorgeous.  They will grow some.)  Chet kisses Kym on the mouth.  His
hands go to her small breasts.  Soon one hand travels down to her
pussy, and he fingers her thru the panties.  After a time Kym opens
her mouth to his kisses, and they trade tongues.  Chet slides Kyms
panties off and he lays them on Kym's bra.  Kym hears the click and
whirr.
         Kym opens her legs to give  Chet better access.  Chet is very
gentle and slow with Kym.  Soon Kym is wet and ready.  Chet forces her
down onto the blanket.  Chet slowly enters her.  With constant motion
Chet goes in a little farther each stroke.  Finally Chet is pushing
against her maidenhead.  Chet explains to Kym what must happen, then
Chet pushes hard and ruptures her hymen. Kym yelps, but allows Chet to
continue.  Chet rides her until she is ready, then he comes into her
pussy and brings her down slowly.  (Kym, i think you are ready to meet
some boys your own age.  Tonight some boys are going to pay to fuck
you.  If you cooperate and put out for them, noone will hurt you. If
you do not cooperate, i will cut you.  Understand?)  <Yes.> Again, all
day, afternoon, evening, and night, the three girls are raped
continually.  Some customers want more than one. Several customers
wanted all three.  All the groups wanted all three.  At four o'clock
in the morning,  they are dumped out of the van naked and exhausted.
Marilyn takes them to Chet's house, because it is close.
         Knock knock.  Wait.  Knock knock.  Finally Chet comes to the
door. <Chet, please help us, we have been raped.>  Chet finds clothes
for them and drives them home.  When Chet delivers them, Marilyn pulls
Chet aside and promises to 'pay him back' when she delivers the
clothes they borrowed. Becky, Carmen, and Mayce each get the van/sack
treatment until the boys tire of it. (Is miss Black still giving you
flack, Tom?)  <Yes.  Even worse.>  (Tonight we will teach miss Black
the score.) Chet calls on miss Black and showes her some pictures. 
They argue, but finally miss Black accompanies Chet to the school.
Miss Black lets the boys in and they go to her room.  The boys set up
the slide projector and put a slide in which shows miss Black holding
hersef open for the camera.  <Please, turn it off.  I said i would do
what you asked.> (Mabel, you have been giving my friend Tom here a
hard time.  I want you to make life easier for him.  Good grades and
no homework.  Got that?) <Yes.>  (Also, you will pay him fifty dollars
per week, and come to his bed every tuesday nite.) <Please, ...>  (I
make the rules. If you do not agree, we go to the board of education
and the principal.)
         <I agree.>  (Good, now Mabel, please climb up onto your
desk.) <Why?>  (Humor me, please.)  Mabel climbs up onto her desk. 
(Mabel, please throw your shoes to Tom.)  She does.  (Your skirt,
please.) She does.  (Slip.) Dan takes photos as she progresses. 
(Stockings.) (Panties.  Garter.  Bra. Good girl.  Now cup you breasts
as if offering them to us.)  Click.  Whirr. Chet has her hold her
pussy open and insert her finger.  Insert the finger and squeeze a
breast.  Bring the nipples to hardness.  Tom climbs up on the desk and
Chet has her undress him.  Chet has her mastrabate him to hardness,
and then kneel in front of him and suck his penis until he fills her
mouth with come. Mabel is forced to strip and suck to climax all of
the boys.  Mabel is then raped six times ontop of her desk.  Mabel is
then taken into the office and other rooms and photographed.  When the
boys are thru, they leave Mabel and Chet alone.  Chet takes Mabel into
the teacher's lounge and makes love to her. Slowly and thoroughly. 
Mabel screams her climax three times before they are finished.  They
dress and Chet takes her home.  <Chet, please don't hurt me, but, i
think i love you. I have never felt this good before.>  (Mabel, i am
yours anytime you call.)  Chet kisses Mabel and she pulls him into her
appartment.
         Chet does not go home that night.  Chet learns that there is
more to Mabel than meets the eye.  Chet will definitely call on Mabel
again. (Hi Edith. Thanks for calling.  Sure i'll be home tonight. 
Come on over.)  Edith comes alone.  <Chet, i want you to love me
again.  Greg is a wonderful boy, but he doesn't satisfy me any more. 
I have to fake it with him.>  Chet takes Edith down to his room and
slowly undresses her. Edith is already wet.  Chet locks up Edith's
clothes and then has the boys take her one by one.  Edith is raped a
dozen times.  When the boys leave, Chet takes her and rides her to
climax. Resting together with his soft penis still in Edith, Chet asks
Edith if she liked being gang banged.  <No!>  (Please tell me the
truth, because we are willing to help you in any way we can.  I
thought the boys would bring you to a better orgasm.)  <Ok, i didn't
mind it that much, really.>  Chet starts to grow, and they have a long
very high time.  Edith reaches several new highs. <Chet, please let me
come to you when i need you. Your friends can all have me too, i don't
care, but i need you. I will do anything for you.  Anything.  I'll
leave greg. Anything you say.>  (Ok, but lets not hurt greg, please.)
         Edith poses for Chet.  They make love one more time, and then
Edith leaves.  (Flo, its good to hear your voice.  Yes i am available.
Come over now if you want.)  When Flo arrives, the talk in the living
room.  <Chet, noone must ever see those pictures that you have.>
(Noone will.)  Finally Flo makes the first move.  <Chet, please make
love with me.  I need someone to love me tonight.>  Chet takes Flo to
his room and they undress each other.  The boys come in and gang bang
Flo several times.  When they leave, Chet takes her slowly and gently.
(They are my friends, Flo.  Sometimes they are lonely too.) Flo is
very slow to respond, but when she does, she goes wild.  She also
reaches new highs with Chet.  They make love for over an hour. Climax,
then rest, foreplay, higher climax, more rest, etc.. Flo is hoarse
from screaming her orgasms, but she is happy. When Flo leaves she
tells Chet she doesn't mind his friends as long as Chet is there to
love her.  <I love you Chet.>
         <Chet, Sara and i would like to see you again.  Could we come
now? Good.  We will be right over  Betty and Sara don't talk for long.
In no time they are naked in Chet's room.  The boys rush in and split
the pair up.  The girls are raped, sucked, kissed, etc. When the boys
are gone, Chet helps them reach new highs.  The three of them are
exploring new highs for hours.
         <Chet, this is Eve.  I want to see you.  I will come over
right now.> Eve is alone and when she arrives, she takes Chet by the
hand and leads him down to his room.  Eve undresses herself and
undresses Chet without a word. The boys rush in and take over.  They
rape her several times each and play with her large breasts.  When the
boys are finally gone, Chet inserts his penis into her and pumps her
to orgasm. They rest for a minute, and Eve starts the motion again. 
Chet holds off and brings Eve to her new high.  Eve screams many times
during the evening.  Each new high for Eve seems to last longer, so
they are exhausted when they finally dress.  <Chet, i need you.  I
will suffer your friends gladly, if i can only have you once in a
while.  I will do whatever you ask.>  (Eve, i am at your disposal. 
Whenever you want me just call.  There is one thing i would really
like.)  <Anything!> (Some time when you are home alone, i would like
to come over and photograph you in all your different clothes.  Your
breasts are the best that i have ever seen.  You are gorgeous.)
<Tomorrow be ok?> (Great, can i bring one of my friends?)  <Was he
here tonight?> (Yes.)  <Ok.  I really will do anything for you.>
         Without telling the boys,  Geek decides that Kissy did not
pay enough for shiting on him.  Geek waits until Kissy is home alone.
Geek sneeks into the house and puts a few knock out drops in her
drink. Kissy goes to sleep at the table.  Geek drops her to the floor
and pulls her panties down.  Geek spreads her pussy wide and decides
to enjoy her first.  Geek strips all her clothes off and rapes her.
After Geek comes in her cunt, he withdraws and cleans himself and her.
Then Geek takes a hypodermic out and inserts the needle up into
Kissy's pussy.  Geek pushes the entire contents into her cunt.  Geek
puts on rubber gloves and then works the stuff around inside of her
with his finger. Geek takes another hypodermic out and forces the
needle into Kissy's left breast.  Geek forces half of the liquid into
her breast.  Then he does the same to the right breast.  Geek squeezes
each breast so that the liquid is distributed.  Finally Geek takes out
a ball point pen and writes on Kissy's breasts.  When he is finished,
Geek lays Kissy on her side and stomps on her breasts with his heels.
Finally Geek hogties Kissy and puts her in her room so that he can
watch her thru the window.  Geek closes the windows so that noone will
hear Kissy scream.
         Geek has to watch for many hours, because of the drug. 
Finally, Kissy wakes and Geek can see her screaming and crying.  After
another hour Virginia comes home and unties Kissy.  Geek watches as
Virginia carries Kissy into the bathroom.  Frantic activity. Tubes,
douches, ice cubes.  Virginia calls the paramedics and they take Kissy
to the hospital.  Geek tells noone.  When Kissy comes home from the
hospital she has figured out who it was.  Kissy and her boyfriend do
some planning of their own.  One day Geek goes missing.

         When the blindfold comes off Geek is located in the
mountains. <Hello, Geek.  You know who i am.  We have some surprises
for you.> Geek is forced to undress.  Kissy mastrabates Geek till he
comes. <Remember that, Geek, it's the last one you will ever have.  I
almost lost my breasts, and i will never have children.>  Geeks hand's
are tied behind him, and one leg is tied to a tree. Kissy squeezes
Geeks testicles till he screams and cries for release.  Kissy pushes
Geek down on the ground and places a wood cutting board under his
balls. Kissy stands on Geek's balls one at a time, crushing them flat.
Geek throws up several times.  When Geek finally stabilizes,  Kissy
hands Geek a knife and indicating his penis lying on the cutting board
tells him to cut a slice off the end.  When Geek refuses, Kissy
squeezes his ruptured testicle.  Geek agrees that his penis is too
long. Kissy watches while Geek cuts off the end of his penis.  <Hand
it to me.> Geek picks up the end of his cock and hands it to Kissy.
<Another slice.>  Geek cuts himself again. And hands the flesh to
Kissy. <Again.>  Geek is forced to cut his entire penis off in small
slices.
         <Now Geek, lets go after the source of your pain.  Open you
scrotum. Geek cuts his scrotum open.  Kissy reaches into his scrotum
and pushes the skin back so that Geeks swollen testicle is lying on
the cutting board. <Cut off a slice for me.>  Geek seems in a trance
of pain and shock. Geek cuts off the end of his testicle and hands it
to Kissy.  <More.> Geek hands Kissy the slices of his testicle until
there is only a small stub left.  Kissy grabs the stub and pulls. 
Finally Kissy gets some pliers and pulls the tubes out. Geek feels the
pain clear up onto his abdomen.  <Ok Geek, do the same with the other
one.>  He does. When Kissy has pulled out the last tubes,  she puts
two stones in Geeks scrotum and sews up the holes with needle and
thread.  <Good as new.> Kissy cooks Geek's penis and balls and forces
him to eat them. They all watch as Geek's blood slowly trickles out of
where his penis used to be. Finally the light goes out, and they bury
Geek deep.
         Chet is at the local fast food when a 14 year old girl comes
in. Yevette is a tease and today she is wearing a backless bathing
suit and a towel.  Chet notices her and she teases him by making her
breasts bulge out the top and squeezing them together.  Chet invites
her to eat with him. She agrees, and Chet buys her food.  All during
the meal she is bending low for him to see down her suit and squeezing
herself up.  Chet is human and asks her to go for a ride with him. 
She agrees, and they drive away in Chet's car.  They arive at Chet's
house and Yevette uses Chet's bathroom to freshen up.  When they are
alone together, Chet takes her hand and kisses it.  Yevette wants to
tease, not to fuck, so she resists him. Chet pleads with her and she
seems to like that. After some talking, Yevette lets Chet kiss her. 
Yevette dosn't like the kind of kissing that Chet wants to do.  After
some time she catches on and seems to enjoy it. Chets hand goes to
Yevette's breast.  She takes it off, and tells him no. Chet begs again
for her favors and she agrees if Chet will buy her a new dress.  Chet
is beside himself with desire so he agrees.
         Chet fondles her breast's thru her suit, and her bare chest
above it. Soon his hand goes to her crotch.  <Take me home.>  Yevette
stands up and starts toward the door.  Chet intercepts her and asks
her to please stay. Yevette says ok if Chet will take his clothes off. 
He does.  Yevette is fasinated by Chets penis.  <Why is it so large?> 
(It is large for you. Please let me take your suit off.)  <No.>  (I
will give you twenty dollars to take your suit off.)  Yevette agrees.
Chet helps Yevette out of her suit.  (Yevette you are gorgeous. 
Please let me kiss you all over.)  <Twenty dollars?) (Ok.) Chet kisses
her mouth, neck, chest, breasts, naval, pussy, legs, feet, legs,
pussy, pussy, pussy, ...  Chet spreads her legs to give him better
access.  His tongue finds her clitoris and he sucks it till he is
swollen tight.  (Let me love you, please.)  <Fifty dollars?>  (Ok.)
Yevette takes his penis in her hand and jacks him off.  He is so
excited that he comes in her hand.  He cleans himself with a tissue.
Yevette puts her bathing suit on and walks out the front door. Chet
dresses and chases after her.  Yevette insists on her money. <Pay me
or i will tell my dad what you did.>  Chet pays her and drives her
home.  (I will get even with you.) Chet promises himself.
         Yevette is one of six sisters.  One younger and four older.
The oldest is almost nine months pregnant, no husband.  All are teases
and all are beautiful.  All have great figures and large breasts.
Yevette's mother is a stunning woman,  just a little heavy, very large
breasts.  Chet watches the household thru binoculars, and plants
several microphones in the house. Yevette brags about her score
against him. Chet discovers that Yevette puts out for almost all of
her dates. She was just teasing him.  Something snaps inside of Chets
head, and he swears vengence against the whole family.
         Finally, when the girls are all home, Chet executes his plan.
Chet activates the gas canisters by radio and waits for the gas to
work.  While Chet waits he listens to Yevette's younger sister and
friend discuss their plans for raising prices when the boys pay to
look at their breasts and pussys.  All eight fall asleep eventually.
Chet enters the home and handcuffs all of them. Chet also gags and
blindfolds them all.  Chet brings his equipment into the house and
sets up the cameras, video camera, and sound recorders.  Chet pulls
all the shades and turns on the lights. Chet starts with the mother. 
He removes her gag after warning her to silence.  Chet removes the
handcuffs and tells her to undress. She removes all but panties and
bra then hesitiates. Chet removes the blindfold.  The bright lights
prevent her from seeing him. (Your bra.) She begs, agrues, pleads, and
threatens, but Chet insists.  Finally Chet unhooks the bra and steps
back.
         She finally removes the bra.  Chet has her cup her breasts
and rub the nipples into hardness.  (Panties.)  She jumps at him and
Chet struggles with her until he handcuffs her.  Chet pulls her
panties down and puts the blindfold back on her.  Chet takes some
photos and then approaches her.  She is naked, but not vulnerable. 
Chet kisses her neck, arms, back, chest, breasts, face and mouth.  His
hands caress her breasts and pussy.  His fingers invade her secret
wetness.  At length Chet finds her clitoris and slowly brings her to
readiness. When she is moving in time with his finger, Chet pushes her
back onto the floor and mounts her.  Chet rides her till he cannot
hold back, then he sprays her inner cunt with come.  She moans and
then relaxes. <If you let my girls alone, i will do whatever you ask.> 
(Ok.) Chet calls the boys and arranges for them to sell her to some
clients. The boys arrive and take her away in the van to a night of
sexual orgies.
         Ardeth is almost due.  Chet kisses her and fondles her
breasts and buttocks.  After some time Ardeth starts to moisten up. 
Chet removes her blouse, shoes, stockings, and pants.  Chet is careful
with her, but he insists on disrobeing her and taking photos along the
way. Chet takes extra time getting Ardeth ready.  Chet unhooks her bra
and slides it off her arms. Because of the pregnancy, Ardeth's breasts
are huge.  Chet gets great shots of her swinging breasts. Chet's
finger is very active on Ardeth's clitoris.  She seems to enjoy it,
but something holds her back from full participation. Chet is very
careful when he rapes her.  The boys take turns driving the van and
helping Chet, so that, Ardeth is raped by all five several times.
Finally, she is sent out in the van with her mother
         Mitzi is the fighter.  She never stops fighting, until Chet
slugs her in the stomach as hard as he can.  Mitzi doubles up in pain
and falls to the floor.  Chet yanks her to her feet by her hair, and
slowly undresses her for the camera.  When she is naked, Chet poses
her in the most vulgar poses he can think of. Shaking her and showing
her pussy clear up to her womb.  Finally, Chet dry rapes her, causing
no small discomfort.  By the time all five have raped her, she is wet
from come. Mitzi is forced into the van and taken away with her mother
and Ardeth.
         Beri is a lovely shy girl, beautiful even.  She is crying
when Chet forces her into the living room.  <Please, don't hurt me.> 
(Beri, if you cooperate with me, why should i hurt you?  When i untie
you, only open your eyes when i tell you to, ok.)  <Yes.>  Chet unties
her and removes the blindfold.  (Beri, may i please make love with
you?)  <Please don't. I haven't done it ever, even with grant.>  Chet
approaches her and strokes her hair, kisses her, fondles her body, and
whispers his desire into her ear.  At length, Beri opens a little to
him and he kisses her deeply. Chets hands go to Beri's ample breasts
and eventually to her thighs. Chet slowly and carefully removes Beri's
outer clothes.  Beri moans when Chet removes her bra, but seems to
enjoy the fondling of her naked breasts. Chet fondles her pussy thru
the fabric for a long time.  When Beri is moist and ready, Chet slowly
slides her panties down. When Chets finger penetrates her, Beri starts
to cry.  <Please don't rape me. Isn't there something else i can do. 
Please let me do you with my mouth. Please.> (Ok.)  Beri kneels in
front of him and takes his swollen shaft into her mouth.  Beri works
on him, out and in, and gently squeezes his balls until Chet fills her
mouth with come.
         Beri sucks Chets penis dry and stands up.  Chets finger
invades her pussy again and works on her clitoris.  Beri is wet with
readiness when Chet starts to grow.  Chet lays her back and climbs on
her.  As he guides his penis into her love cove, Beri pleads with him
.  <Let me suck you again, please. I'll do it even better than
before.>  Chet inserts himself into Beri and rides her hard, because
she is no virgin.  His pressure is not high so Chet makes it last a
long time.  Beri cries, but seems to respond to him.  Eventually Chet
shoots her full of come and withdraws. Beri stands up and Chet pushes
her down to suck him clean.  She is good. Chet grows in her mouth and
comes one last time in her mouth.  Beri sucks Chet dry one last time. 
Chet sends Beri out to the van to satisfy her sex partners for the
rest of the night
         Candi is young, but experienced.  Candi acts cocky so Chet
strips her and pinches her tit till she cries, then Chet rapes her
before she is ready for him.  More tears.  Chet has her suck his penis
clean, then turns her away from him and forces her to bend way down
while he enters her from behind.  When Chet is finished with her, he
forces her to bend down and submit to the rest of the boys.  (She
likes it this way. Take her with you, i know some of our customers
like these back door girls.)
         Ronda is Yevette's younger sister.  She and her friend come
in together.  (Do not open your eyes.)  Chet removes their bonds, gag,
and blindfold.  (Show me what you do at school when the boys pay to
see you.) The girls unzip their dresses, pull their arms free, remove
their bras, lift their dresses and pull down their pants.  (Do they
touch you.) <That's extra.>  Chet fondles their breasts and pussies
while alternating with his kisses.  Ronda responds rapidly, but her
friend takes longer. Eventually Chet rapes them both. Neither is a
virgin.  The boys rape them and take them out to the van to be sold.
         Finally Chet is alone with Yevette.  Chet pulls her into the
living room.  <I know who you are.  Your name is Chet, and i know
where you live.> Chet slugs her in the stomach.  Yevette doubles up in
pain.  Chet grabs her hair and holds her up while he punches her
stomach several times. Yevette is crying from pain.  Chet unties her
and tells her to undress. (Make yourself ready for me.)  Yevette
fingers herself until she is moist. Chet rapes her violently.  Chet
forces her to suck him clean.  Then forces her to bend over while he
enters her from behind.  Again she sucks him clean.  Chet gags and
hogties her then puts her in his trunk. Chet puts his equipment away
and waits for the van.  While Chet waits, he searches the house.  He
takes over thirty thousand dollars in cash, several panties and bras
from each girl, and all of Yevette's clothes. Chet finds a locked
metal box which contains lots of important papers and several
notebooks.  One of the books is a book of names, addresses, dates, and
dollar amounts.  His car is loaded to the gills.
         The boys deliver the family into the living room.  (I'm sure
you know who we are.  If anyone finds out what happened today, i will
kill Yevette.) Now make us happy one last time and we will leave you.
Chet gets his camera and takes several group pictures of the girls.
Finally the boys rape as many as they are able. Chet takes Ardeth and
makes carefull love to her again. (Your baby is ok isn't he?)  'I
think so.' Chet tries doggie style and Ardeth says it hurts less. The
boys gather up all the handcuffs, ropes, etc. Then Chet tells them to
close their eyes while he takes the blindfolds.
         When Chet gets home he puts his equipment away then goes back
for Yevette.  She has been crying.  Chet carries her down to the guest
room. The guest room has no windows.  Chet lays her on the bed, naked,
and goes up to unload her stuff.  Finally Chet goes to bed himself. In
the morning, Chet looks in on Yevette.  She is sound asleep. Chet goes
thru her stuff, tagging the extra bras and panties. Chet puts Yevettes
clothes in the guest room, and studies the notebook. Finally Chet
decides that they are whores and this is their 'john' book. Chet
drives over to the copy place and copies the book. Chet puts the copy
in a folder and puts it under the mat in front of Yevette's home. Chet
goes home.  Yevette is awake. Chet unties her hands, but leaves her
ankles tied together.  Chet carries her upstairs and lets her listen
while he calls her mother.  (Shill, this is one of your guests last
night. Shut up and listen.  If you tell anyone anything i will put you
all in jail.  Look under your mat.  Can a whore be raped?) Chet hangs
up and looks at Yevette.  Chet unties her and they shower together. 
She watches while Chet dresses.  Chet takes her down to 'her' room and
watches while she dresses.  Chet points to a box that contains all of
her makeup and hair stuff.  'My sisters will be mad. You took
everything.'
         Chet studies the book while Yevette makes herself up and
fixes her hair.  When Yevette is ready, Chet examines her.  (Hey,
you're gorgeoous.) Yevette blushes.  (I am sorry to have to do this,
but i have to go out.) Chet handcuffs her hands behind her and her
legs together.  Finally Chet ties her hands and feet together.  (I
will be back shortly, think of a way for you to have more freedow will
you please.  I don't like to leave you like this.)  Chet writes a
note, tapes it to the guest room door, locks it, and leaves.  Chet
gives Dan five thousand for camera supplies, and er five thousand for
video supplies.  Chet keeps one thousand and banks the rest.  Chet
spends the morning checking up on names from Shill's book. Chet goes
home to check up on Yevette. She is on the floor and still crying.
Because of her bonds, Chet can see all of her legs and part of her
panties. Chet unties her and helps her stand up. Yevette's legs and
back ache.  'Please don't leave me tied like that.  It hurts all the
time.'  (Ok.  May i touch you?)  'I can't stop you.'  Chet kneels down
and runs his fingers up Yevettes bare legs and over her buttocks. (If
you will undress for me, i will free you.) 'Ok.'  Chet unlocks her
hands and feet and steps back out of her reach.  'You afraid of me?'
(Yes i am.)
         Yevette removes her shoes and socks, and rubs her ankles.
Yevette unbuttons her blouse and slides it down her arms. She undoes
her skirt and lets it fall.  'Do you like me?' (Like i said, you are
gorgeous.)  Before Chet knows what is happening Yevette starts toward
him and kicks his testicles hard. Fortunately, when Chet falls, he
falls onto Yevette.  When she tries to get away, Chet grabs her foot
and pulls her back.  She tries for his balls again, but Chet is ready. 
Chet grabs both hands and locks them behind her.  Chet locks her
ankles together and ties her feet and hands together.  Chet picks her
up and puts her on the bed.  (I am sorry, but i must leave for a
time.) When Chet returns, he unties Yevette and stands her up.  She is
wearing bra and panties only.  Chet kisses Yevette on the mouth. 
Yevette warms to him and parts her lips.  The kiss grows until Chet
cannot stop. He fondles Yevette's bra and panties.  Chet unhooks her
bra and lets it hang.  Chet takes her breasts into his mouth and
gently sucks each one. Chet pulls Yevette's panties down to her ankles
and fondles her pussy. Chet inserts his finger into her womanhood and
strokes her clitoris. Yevette responds and when Chet pushes her back
onto the bed, Yevette opens her knees so that Chet may enter her.
         Chet removes his pants and shorts and climbs onto Yevette.
When Chet has come in Yevette's pussy, he notices that Yevette is
grinning at him.  (I took advantage of you.  I appologize.) Chet frees
Yevette and allows her to clean herself and dress. 'Please don't
handcuff me again.'  (Only your hands.) Chet handcuffs Yevette's hands
behind her and locks her in the room. Chet returns, feeds Yevette, and
takes her to the toilet.  Chet wipes her, and returns her to her room. 
Yevette begs to be released, so Chet unlocks the handcuffs.  Before
Chet knows what hit him, Yevette's hand is in his pants and has hold
of his testicles.  'Take your clothes off now. Chet does.  'Put the
handcuffs on yourself.'  When they are locked on, Yevette releases
him. Yevette kicks for his balls. Chet is chased around the room by
Yevette.  She is kicking for his balls every time he stops. Finally
Yevette lands a hard one right on target and Chet folds into the fetal
position.  Yevette stands over him.  'Open your legs or i will poke
out your eyes.'  Chet lays on his back and opens his knees.  Yevette
rubs Chet's balls with her shoe.  She pushes his balls into his flesh.
         Chet groans.  'Sit up.'  Yevette stands on Chets penis and
grinds her foot into him.  Yevette plays with his testicles with her
shoe.  When she has one isolated, she steps on it squashing the
testicle.  Chet vomits as he screams.  Yevette phones her mother and
she brings help.  They take Chet to their home and lock him up. When
Chet comes to he is surrounded by Shill and her daughters. 'Hello,
Chet.  You showed Yevette such generous hospitality that we decided to
return the favor.  You are right, we are prostitues.  Over the years
we have learned how to please a man.  We have also learned how to
hurt. You will get a taste of both.  Shill reaches out and takes
Chet's squashed testicle in her hand and squeezes it.  Chet moans and
has trouble holding his stomach from throwing up.  'Yevette started
without us. There is one way that you can avoid some of the pain.  And
that is to help us service our customers. Will you do that for us?' 
Shill squeezes until Chet agrees.  Ardeth and Mitzi take Chet to the
bathroom and shave his body from the neck down.  They redo his hair
and put makeup on him.  They put a pair of panties on him and show him
to Shill. She approves.  They put nylons, girdle, panties, a special
bra, tight dress, and high heels on Chet and have him parade for them.
         Chet has trouble getting used to the shoes.  When the johns
come Chet sucks their penises till they come so that they will last
longer with the girls.  Chet also sucks the penises after they are
thru with the girls. Sometimes they get hard and come again in Chets
mouth. When the johns have all left,  Chet strips for them and they
handcuff him. The girls remember the night in the van and each girl
makes him hurt in her own way.  Yevette kicks his testicles.  Ronda
knees him.  Candi squeezes his testicle tight then hits it with her
knuckle.  Beri pulls down on his scrotum and squeezes his tesicles.
Mitzi holds his testicle tight and sticks a pin into his testicle. 
Ardeth jacks him off until he is hard, then she sticks a screwdriver
into his penis, shoves it in to the handle, bends his penis and pulls
it out scrapping the inside badly. When the girls are finished, Shill
enters with a sterile knife and cuts his scrotum open.  She takes a
testicle and cuts off a piece. She then sews him back up and makes him
eat his own raw flesh.
         Chet cannot sleep for pain.  His testicles swell and ache.
Chet is allowed to recoperate for several days.  When Chet is able to
eat again, Shill operates on the other testicle, taking a bigger
piece. Chet is longer recoperating.  When Chet is again hungry, he is
allowed to recover part of his strength.  On the night Ardeth has her
baby, Chet and Yevette are alone. Yevette ties Chet down, cuts his
scrotum open and exposes one of Chets testicles.  Chet screams and
tries to free himself. Yevette plays with Chets exposed testicle. 
Chet begs for relief. Yevette pokes pins into the exposed testicle
while Chet screams. When Yevette tires, she cuts off part of his
testicle with the sharp knife. Yevette sprinkles salt on his
lacaerated testicle and then sews the scrotum back up.  Later when
Yevette is bored, she does the same thing to the other testicle.  Chet
is out of his mind with pain. When Shill returns and sees Chets
condition, she scolds Yevette and insists that Chet be allowed to
heal.
         Chet is many weeks healing.  He is in constant terrible pain.
In and out of consciousness while he mends.  Finally Chet is allowed
to barter for his freedom.  Chet agrees to return everything that he
took plus fifty thousand dollars.  Three weeks later Chet shows up
with the entire sum.  (I deserve what you did to me.  I hold no
grudge. If you need my help in the future, just call me, i still owe
you a favor. I would have done anything to stop the pain.  I ask your
forgiveness.) Shill tells Chet that, with the payment, they are
square.  When Chet leaves, Yevette runs out to his car and talks to
him for a time. When she returns, she tells Shill that Chet will pick
her up for school in the morning.   Shill grins.  

                         Chet chapter 3 

         Yevette is a beautiful girl.  I think i fell in love with her
the very first time i saw her.  After she and her family released me,
i courted her for many months.  She has asked me to marry her. She
gave me until today to decide. If i say no, Yevette says she will
castrate me.  I know she will, too.  I have no choice.  Yevette and i
are married in her mothers home.  At the conclusion of the open house,
Yevette makes me available to her sisters and mother.  I strip for
them and let them examine my scars.  They each squeeze my balls till i
moan. They fondle me till they find the place on each testicle where
they cut away part of it.  I am required to suck each girl to orgasm.
When i am sucking Shill, she tells me to plan on working for her three
nights per week.  When i ask what i will be doing, she can only give
me the current plans.  'Several girls will pay to torture you.  You
broke a lot of hearts when you married. Some of your conquests want a
chance to get even.  They will pay me for that chance.  Be here
tommorrow at eight.' (What about our honeymoon?)  'Give me your
hands.'  I am kneeling in front of her with my face in her pussy
sucking her clitoris.  When she is holding my hands, someone comes up
behind me and spreads my legs.  My balls explode when someone kicks
me.  'Don't vomit till i get a bucket' (hurry.)  Shill leaves.  I am
on my hands and knees.  Again i am kicked. I almost vomit.  (Please,
wait for the bucket.)  When the bucket is placed under my face,  i
receive a series of kicks from different people. I don't look back. 
When i think that i am finished, i raise one leg starting to get up. 
Someone kicks my testicles harder than i have ever seen or even heard
of before.  I am ruptured for sure.  I scream and dry heave for a long
time. Several hands fondle my testicles.  When i am alone, i collapse
into a crying heap.  Yevette helps me up and i get dressed. We will
live in my house. Yevette drives me home and puts me to bed. Yevette
squeezes my testicle until i faint from pain.
         The next day is a painful day.  I rest till eight pm.  I
report to Shill and she assigns me a room.  When Virginia comes in i
am surprised. I greet her and walk to her.  She tells me to strip. 
When i am naked, she tells me to spread my legs.  Virginia grabs my
balls and asks me to explain why i got married without even telling
her.  I start to explain, but every time i say something that she
doesn't like, she squeezes me till i groan. 'Shill tells me i can have
you anytime i want you, is that right? Do you work for her?  Do you
belong to her?'  (Body and soal.) 'You bastard, i will have you drink
my urine every time i come.  Now kneel.' I am forced to kneel and
close my eyes. Virginia pulls her panties off and forces my mouth into
her pussy.  I open my mouth and drink as fast as i can.  Virginia
forces me to crawl to the toilet and put my face in. She squeezes my
testicles until i vomit up her urine.  Her parting shot is a firm kick
to my testicles causing more vomiting.  When i can, i dress and leave.
         Elsa is my second customer.  I greet her with a smile. 'I saw
pictures that were taken the night you tried to sell me other
pictures.  Your friends are selling them.  They are making a killing.
I am ruined.  I want to hurt someone.  It's going to be you.' Elsa has
me strip and stand naked while she hits me.  Elsa starts with her
hand, but switches to my belt when her hand gets sore.  After a time,
i fall to my knees, and then to my hands and knees.  When she is
exhauseted, she tells me to stand up.  I struggle to my feet.  I lean
on Elsa, because i cannot stand alone.  She talks to me, but i cannot
hear her for the pain.  Finally, Elsa puts her knee into my balls and
i pass out. Someone slaps me awake and helps me dress.  They then
shove me out the back door.  I lay down on the grass and sleep.  I
wake up in the night several times and finally crawl into the shrubs
and pass out.
         A dog wakes me in the morning.  I ache from head to toe. I
crawl to my car and drive home.  I am locked out.  I knock lightly.
Yevette makes me strip and wipe my feet before i can come in. She
makes me shower before even talking to me.  When i am clean i explain
about Elsa whipping me.  Yevette was there on a job.  'Elsa swings a
mean belt.  Where did you spend the night?'  I tell her all.  Yevette
invites me to go shopping with her, but i must rest.  When Yevette is
gone i realize that we haven't even kissed since the wedding.  I spend
the day in bed.  Late that night, Yevette wakes me.  Her sisters want
to feel me. I get up slowly and pull my shorts off.  Mitzi has me
groaning in no time. I am weak and i cannot take more pain.  (Please,
let me heal.  I am very sick.)  Ronda squeezes me so hard that i pass
out.  I wake up on the floor. Yevette and Ronda are asleep in my bed. 
I crawl into the guest room and climb onto the bed.
         When Shill sees me the next day, she cancels my 'date'.  It
is several days before i can eat.  On the day that i start my
recovery, Shill arranges for an easy date.  I report to Shill at eight
and wait in a room for whatever comes.  Sally walks in and i fall at
her feet.  I wrap my arms around her buttocks and squeeze her.  (I am
so glad to see you, Sally.)   I finally stand up and wipe my tears. 
(Did Barry ever bother you again?)  'No, but he is after you, be
careful.'  Sally wants to make love.  I am so happy that i could cry
harder.  I make it very special for Sally.  I want her to come again. 
I do everything that i think will make it good for her.  I kiss her
everywhere and fondle her special places.  I stroke her clitoris and
suck her till she is ready. I insert my penis slowly and carefully,
and ride her till she screams. When she screams, i lose control and
come in her pussy. (Thank you for coming. I will do anything for you
now and ever.) Sally asks me to go again and i do my very best to
please her. When Sally leaves, i know that i will not see her again. 
Women do not like men that grovel.  I just couldn't help myself.
         My next date is Kay Keller.  I make it good for her too, but
i don't grovel.  She has a very good time and leaves feeling good
about herself and me.  She may come back. Gwen buys me next.  We enjoy
a great night of sex i try to get her to a new high.  She tells me
that i was great, but i don't think she will be back. April buys me
next.  April found out that i was part of the group that sold her in
the van.  April makes love with me then kicks my testicles till i lose
consciousness.  Marilyn and Mona come on the same night.  I don't
think that they know the other is coming.  They also have heard that i
am part of the van gang.  Marilyn hurts me first, then forces me to
make love with her. Mona makes love first, then hurts me.  I have
spent every night since the wedding in the guest room, because of pain
and ache. Becky steps on my penis. Carmen sticks needles into my
testicles. Mayce ties my hands and pulls my scrotum till i collapse. 
Mabel Black puts handcuffs on me and whips me to a pulp.  Edith wants
love. I am so happy that i make it very good for her.  I make her come
several times.  Each one is a good one.  I make sure that Edith's
orgasms are complete and last as long as possible.  Flo wants more
than love. After we make love for hours and i think that she is having
a great time, Flo tells me that her pictures are being sold.  'I
cannot hold my head up anymore. You bastard.  I would have paid for
them.'  Flo cries for a long time.  When she if finished,  she has me
turn around and grab my ankles.  She puts a hat pin thru both
testicles.  I stand up and face her. She forces me to jack off myself. 
I have trouble making my penis hard because of the hat pin.  Finally i
jack myself off.  When i come, Flo catches it all on her panties.  Flo
squeezes the last drop onto her panties and then forces me to eat
them.  I chew on her panties for the rest of the night.  After Flo
leaves, i pull the pin out.  I faint from pain and Shill pulls it out
the rest of the way.
         After i recover, Betty and Sara pay for my services. I am
forced to service them while they make love with each other. They each
jack me off and seem to enjoy making me come.  I suck each of them to
orgasm while the third girl sucks her breasts and mouth.  I enjoy them
a lot, because there is no pain.  Eve is my next customer.  Eve has
gorgeous and large breasts.  We make love for hours.  Eve will be
back. Just when i think i will recover, Kissy buys me.  She has me
make love to her.  All the time she is whispering into my ears things
like: 'i will never have babies.' and 'Where is Geek.'  When i am
riding her hard and about to come, Kissy reaches down and squeezes my
balls.  I come anyway and while i am coming, Kissy squeezes my balls
as hard as she can.  I am in extreem and terrible pain, but i cannot
stop pumping her till i have come. Finally i am just hurting and beg
Kissy to release me.  'Geek was your friend. He hurt me terribly.  Now
it is your turn.'  (Yes Geek was my friend.  No i did not know what he
was doing to you.  Does the verb was mean that Geek is dead?) 'Geek is
dead.'  Kissy has me stand in a corner while holding my ankles.  She
spreads my legs as wide as they will go and pushes my shoulders into
the corner.  Kissy knees my testicles repeatedly while i vomit into
the bucket under my head.  When she rests, she squeezes me in her vice
grip.  Eventually, i faint.  When i wake up Kissy is still there. I am
sitting on the carpet.  My back is against a wall.  Kissy has her foot
on one of my testicles.  When i look up at her, she puts her weight on
my testicle.  I pass out.  When i wake up she is slapping my face.  I
look up at her again just as she steps on my second testicle.  I beg
her to release me.  She pushes her pussy into my face while her foot
is still on my nut. I kiss and suck for all i am worth.  Kissy has an
orgasm that causes her to shake.  She lifts her foot from my testicle
and i almost faint again. 'This has been fun, i will be back for
more.'  I cannot move.  I sit there and cry from pain.  Shill pulls me
to my feet and helps me dress.  I walk home, because Yevette has taken
over my car.  I sleep in the guest room while Yevette has a "john" in
my bed.
         I am out of commission for a week.  Yevette has spent the
money that i had in the bank.  Yevette has arranged for a mortgage on
my house. I must make payments somehow.  I ask Shill to release me so
that i can make a living.  She agrees.  I will work for her on firday
and tuesday only. I call Tom and Dan. We start up our extortion racket
again, only this time we use adult single females in sensitive
positions.  We bug their houses until we find out their secrets.  Then
we extort them to pose naked and film them while Dan or Tom rapes
them.  Jb and er eventually join us. Each of our victims pays only
fifty dollars per week, but the number of victims is growing.  Soon i
am making payments and the mortgage company leaves me alone.  I no
longer use our joint account for my secret money. I put some in there
for Yevette, but most of it goes in a different bank under my name
only.  When i can i buy tuesday from Shill so that i work for her only
on friday nite.  I always need saturday to recover.
         Just when i think my life is back in shape, Barry buys me
from Shill. He brings a sharp knife and a cutting board.  Shill and
her daughters hold me down in the bathtub while Ronda makes me hard.
Barry puts the board under my penis and cuts it in half the long way.
I bleed terribly.  I am released and allowed to hold myself so that i
don't bleed to death.  Barry sticks his knife into my left testicle
for good measure.  I beg him to release me.  Barry pulls the knife out
of my testicle and tells me to stick out my tongue and close my eyes. 
I feel Barry grab my tongue.  I feel the knife go into the bottom of
my tongue and out thru the top.  Barry slowly pulls the knife forward
so that my tongue is split.  Finally Barry sticks the knife into my
nose and pulls it up making a wicked cut thru my nose.  I am standing
in the tub holding my penis and tongue.  I cannot talk.  Shill washes
the blood off me and has Mitzi drive me to the hospital.  My clothes
are put under me so that i don't get her car stained.  Mitzi drops me
off at the emergency entrance and drives away. I stagger into the
hospital and collapse.  I am in the hospital for a week. The pain is
bad, but i am drugged.  During the week, i write a letter to Shill.  I
quit working for her.  I write another letter to Yevette telling her
that our marriage was never consumated and she can either stay with me
and be my wife or else i will have the marriage anulled.
         On my last day in the hospital, i wake up to see Shill and
her daughters looking down at me.  Shill has her hand under my gown.
She is pinching my penis.  Tears of pain are streaming down my face.
(Please don't rupture my stitches.)  Shill releases my penis and grabs
my testicles.  I am in extreem pain.  Just then a nurse comes in and
asks the girls to leave.  When she sees the blood on my penis and the
look on my face, she calls security. They escape, but i am not
bothered again. Dan and Tom take me home.  Yevette is there.  Yevette
wants to remain my wife.  I ask Dan and Tom to remain while we talk. 
Yevette wants to remain my wife, but she also wants to work for her
mother.  (As long as you keep your work out of my house.  Yevette, i
love you, i think we could be happy together as man and wife)  we
agree to try it for a time. Shill ruptured my stitches, so i cannot
make love for a while longer. At least Yevette and i sleep together in
the same bed.
         We work on increasing the base of our extortion racket.
getting new girls is relatively easy.  Keeping them paying when they
decide to quit is much more difficult.  There are a number of things
that we try.  We kidnap them, torture them till they break, and then
force them to increase their payments to sixty plus a one time fee of
five hundred. We also plant bugs in all their homes so that we can
listen for problems. With one special problem girl, we even bugged all
her purses.  We divide up the listening and listen to more than one at
a time.  The units are portable so that we can take them with us
wherever we go.  The tortures we use include (1)shots of extreemly
painful but non toxic chemicals into their breasts, buttocks, tongue,
etc.  (2)rods forced into their rectums until they have painful
elimination for weeks.  (3) rods forced into their uteruses causeing
possible sterilization and extreem pain. The rods can be plugged into
an electrical socket and used for shock or heating.  So far, every
girl is paying and noone is working on a mutiny.
         On january sixth we start blackmailing Kitti Hawk.  Six
months later she refuses to pay so we tortured her. three months later
Tom, Dan, ER, JB, and myself are all killed in an auto accident. The
accident is not what killed us. Kitti killed us. 

--
