    A  month  ago, my girl friend Jill and I got to talking with
a waitress at a local  restaurant and we really hit it off.  Her
name was Chris and she said she had  two  hung guys who were coming 
over to her place when she got off work..and we  were  welcome  
to join them.  We accepted her invitation quickly and met
her when she left the restaurant. About a half hour after getting
to her place, Chris disappeared to get out of her  "work
clothes".   I was sitting right next to Jeff on the sofa, while
Jill and  Pete  were making out across the room.  Jeff's finger
touched under my chin and  I  turned to look at  him. I kissed
him, feeling  his lips slowly part, and his  tongue gently
stroked my lips.  I parted my lips and let  his tongue  enter my
mouth,  eagerly  swirling my tongue around his.  I  chased his
tongue into his  mouth   when  it   withdrew,  and  that  excited
him, his hands now sliding urgently  down  my  back.   We  kissed
and  kissed for  a long  time, his  hands and   tongue  making
me so hot that I was sure my pants were visibly wet. Chris
announced  the  snacks  were ready, and Pete  disentangled from
Jill to help her bring  out  the  food  and  some drinks.  She
sat down, and started telling some jokes, most of them  raunchy.
Suddenly,  Pete stood up, and unzipped about half way. Jill
leaned forward, taking  over  the  job, doing a good job of 
erotically  lowering his zipper, and rubbing  her   hand  over his
crotch.  I  could see  his bulge  forming against his  shorts.
Jill  was  going  to reach in through his zipper, but Pete put
her hands  on  his  belt.   Jill  pulled  it  loose,   moving
her face close to his manhood.  Jill's  hands  slid  his  pants
down to  the floor, and we could see a huge  bulge  in  his
jockey shorts.  Slowly Jill pulled them down, and when his dick
sprang free, I could hear Jill's gasp over mine. Pete  had   a
huge   prick, and  the head  was perfectly circumcised.  Jill
stared  at  it,  watching   it grow even more.   I could see her
tremble as she put  her  hand  around it and  lifted it, then ran
her tongue down the underside of it. She kept kissing  and licking 
it, and  Pete wasn't going to  stop her.  I looked down  at
Jeff's crotch and saw his  bulge.  No one had  to tell me, so   I
unfastened  his  pants  and took him out of his shorts.  No monster 
like Pete  had,  but  one  of the most beautiful cocks I'd
ever seen!  Jeff was about seven   inches  long, and just the
right diameter.  I leaned over and licked the drop  of  his
semen that dribbled from the tip.  Then I just had to have him in
my  mouth.   I  licked his warm, rubbery head, and then started
sucking him into my  eager  mouth.   Jeff  moaned softly and I
felt his hips rise.   His dick was warm  and firm.  After several
long strokes on him, I then remembered that Chris was  watching.
I looked  up  at her.  Chris was sitting back, one hand down her
sweat  pants,  frigging  herself  while   she  watched us.   Her
other hand  had pushed  her  top  up,  showing  us  her  large
nippled breasts and she pinched a nipple  in  her  fingers.  I
looked  over at Jill, and  Pete was undressing her, she  was
down  to  her bra and panties. I pulled Jeff's pants off, and
then his shirt.   He  undressed  me carefully,  kissing my
breasts as  he pulled  off my blouse. Chris  just sat and watched
us, and  her being dressed excited me even more.  Jeff  slid down
to the floor and began licking my pussy.  He knew his way around
a  pussy,  his  tongue finding my  sensitive places and making me
crazy with the way  he teased me higher and  higher.  Jill went
straight for Pete's dick, and I watched.   Pete  sat  on  the
love  seat with Jill  sitting down facing him.  I watched,  and
Jill  slowly tried to stuff  his meat in her tight pussy,  taking
him  an  inch  at  a  time.  Her soft, white  round ass spread
over  Pete's lap, and  his  huge   prick  slowly  disappearing
into  her  made  me so incredibly wet!   Finally,   Jill sat
down, completely  hiding his  cock inside her.  Jill moaned  and
breathed   hard.   When she rose  up, the sight of  such a big
cock sliding  out   of  her  made me  come right in Jeff's
mouth!  Jeff kept sucking and   licking  me,  and   I came again,
seeing Jill take  Pete inside her again and again. "Fuck   me."
I  told   Jeff,  pulling  him  up from between my legs.  Jeff
kneeled   on  the  edge  of  the sofa  and pulled my legs wide
apart.  His prick slid  into  me  easily,  and it felt like  he
was as  big as  Pete.  I  couldn't take   my  eyes   off the
sight of Jill fucking that huge dick.  I'd seen porno movies
before,  but  this was hot!  Watching my best friend getting
fucked by a huge  cock!    Slowly  Jeff  started  to  pump me,
and I closed my eyes and just floated  on  the  sensations  he
gave me.  His hands squeezed my breasts, and he pulled   on  my
nipples  just the way  I like to do.  I  was so close to coming
and  I  wanted to, but  I also wanted  it to last  longer.  Jeff
started  moving even  slower,  and I  felt something flicking my
clit.  I started  to come and I looked   down  and saw Chris
flicking her tongue on my clit!! Jeff  was starting to  pound
my  sopped  pussy  and  it felt like  I was  coming all  the
time. I felt   Jeff's  cock  explode  inside me,  spurting what
felt like gallons of his come.   Before  I  could recover I felt
Chris's mouth on my clit, making me come again. Chris  licked
and  sucked  me, and I could feel her licking up Jeff's come as
it flowed from my pussy.  Chris was hot and she filled my cunt
with three of her  long  fingers  pumping   my pussy while she
licked and  sucked my throbbing hard   clit.   I  felt  like I
was  going to explode  from the pleasure and then Chris  pushed
two  fingers  up  my anus and began to  ream my tight little butt
hole.   She   made me come at least three  times, and when she
stopped I  was so weak  I  could hardly move.  Chris  sat on the
floor almost next to me, her face wet with Jeff's and my juices.
I was too wiped out to  say anything to her. I  looked  over  and
saw  that  Chris  was  leaning  between Jill and Pete, obviously
sucking Jill's clit, and her right forefinger was deep inside
Jill's ass.    Jill  was  shaking  her  head  all  over,   and
bouncing on Pete's huge prick.    Her  big  tits  were  wobbling
all over the place too, and I could see that  Jill  was  slamming
herself down on him.  Pete shoved up hard, lifting his hips  off
the  seat, and  burying himself deep inside  Jill.  I could see
Jill spasm  and  shake  each  time  Pete  spurted  into  her.
Chris sucked on Jill's nipples,  her  finger  still  up Jill's
butt.  Jill leaned forward,  putting her head on the back of the
love seat. Chris  lifted   her  off   of Pete  and slid  underneath 
her, sucking Pete's come  from  Jill's   blonde pussy.
Chris  was naked now,  and she had  her head in  Pete's  lap,
face  up,  with  Jill  sitting  on  her.  Jill was panting and
moaning,  climaxing  again, this time so hard that she rose up
and  we could all see  her pussy dripping into Chris's face and
mouth.  This  got me going  again, but   Jeff was sitting back
with a cigarette, and he looked tired.  I looked  at Chris's
pussy  facing  me on the floor.   Her labia were swollen and
shiny, and her  tan  lines  made  her look sexy.  I'd never, ever
done a girl before, but I slipped  down  and laid between  her
legs.  She'd given  me a great  orgasm, and I   had  the  urge
to  make her come too.  I'd tasted my own juices before, so this
wasn't too different I thought.  I leaned forward,  sticking my
tongue out and   gently  licked  her  labia.   It  surprised  me
to find  them so soft and slick.   The more I licked the hotter I
got and the more I got into giving Chris head.   Chris was rocking 
her hips up and down against my mouth, and I found her clit
and  sucked  it. She moaned and about that time let Jill get off
her face.  Jill  gasped  when  she saw me sucking on Chris, but I
could feel Chris about to come,  and  I didn't want  to stop.
Chris arched  up while I flicked  my tongue over  her  clit   and
sucked it  into my mouth.   I felt her  hands grab my head and
push  my face hard  against her pussy.  I could feel  her juices
making  my face slippery,  and  my  own  pussy  felt  like it
was just drenched.  I worked  a finger inside her and that did
it.  Chris came and she locked her legs around  my  head,  grinding  
her  pussy into my face.   I sucked and licked, and kept
her   coming  for  about  two  minutes,  and   when  we stopped,
Chris was sweating on the floor, and my face was soaked. I
expected  Jill to get mad or say something, but she slid off the
sofa and came   to   me.    "That  was  sooooooo  HOT!"   She
said.  She leaned over and kissed  me  so  lustily  that we made
up for lost time.   My hands were all over her  tits,  and  she
finally  pushed me back and started eating me.  Her tongue lapped
at  my  pussy,  and when she sucked my  clit, I came and  came
and came.  I  switched  places  with  Jill,  and started sucking
her beautiful pussy,  her blonde  pubic  hair exciting me just to
look  at it.  Jill was really hot, and I could  still  taste
some  of  Pete's sperm on her pussy, so I tried to shove my
tongue   inside  her,   using  the   tip of  my nose  to press
against her clit.  Jill   came   fast,   and   I   could feel her
contracting, trying to squeeze my tongue   with her pussy.   I
sucked and  licked her all  over, circling her clit with  my
tongue, and spreading her legs wide. Jill's pussy was just flowing 
with her  cream,  and  I  loved  it's warm, slippery texture
and her  sweet taste.  I felt  someone  behind me, and large warm
flesh pressed against  my cunt lips.  I could  see   Jeff's
feet, so I knew that Pete was  going to try to fuck me with his
monster  cock.  I closed my eyes and sucked Jill's sweet cunt,
feeling Pete slowly  sliding  his  huge  cock inside me.  The
head was gigantic,stretching my pussy  wide   open.  Then slowly
he slid down my hole, filling me completely. He kept  filling  me
and  filling  me  until I was sure I'd burst. I reached back,
feeling  for  his  cock,  wanting to  know if he was fully and
completely inside of   me  like  he  was  with  Jill.  To  my
surprise I  could feel  almost two inches of  his cock  still
outside my pussy! Jeff  was   behind  Chris  now, fucking  her
hard,  making her  tits bounce while  Jill sucked her.  I
returned to getting Jill off, but Pete's cock was  so big   that
every  time   he pushed  into me  I felt  like I was coming all
over again.   I had slipped two more fingers in Jill's freshly
stretched hole and was finger-  fucking  her  and watching her
hips rock in time with my hand.  We were all moans and heaving
breathing in the room, fucking and sucking each other. Jill  came
first,  flinging  her legs wide. Chris came  next, and  she was
moaning  and  yelling  almost  in  my  ear.   I don't know when
Jeff came.  Pete rammed  his  cock  inside  me, and I literally
saw stars for a  moment. Then his thick   cock  swelled up,  and
I thought  I would explode.   There was a massive flood  inside
me  and I could actually feel his  sperm gushing out of his cock.
I  came so hard all  I could do was shake and shudder on the
floor.  I  couldn't even  breathe!!   My pussy  contracted, but
it  was like  trying to  grip steel, and  the   feeling  was
terrific!  Pete  shot lots  of his sperm  in me, and  I finally
stopped   shaking.   It  took  me  a while to catch my breath too.
Jill slowly  pulled  away  from my hand, with her pussy making a
wet, slurping sound.  Chris  grabbed my hand and began rubbing it
on her face and tits, licking Jill's come from it.  I could just
lay there and let her. Pete  finally   pulled  out   of me and
Jill moved down and licked  my pussy from  behind.   She  stuck
her  tongue  in  my  gaping cunt hole.  Chris wasn't finished,
and  she  started  sucking Pete's  huge cock.  I just  watched
for a while,  too  exhausted   to  move,  and  Jill's tongue felt
sooooo good!   Pete was   only  half  hard, but  he was still
huge. I watched Chris suck most of him down,  choking   slightly.
Jill  sat  up  and  rolled  me over, kissing me and letting  me
suck  her  tongue  like  Chris had done mine. Chris started sucking 
Jeff, and Pete was fucking her.
     Chris  was kneeling with Pete behind her and she sucked
Jeff's cock all the way  down  when  Pete  slowly  slid that huge
cock in her ass.  Jill and I moved over  to  get  closer.  Pete
moved  in and out slowly, holding  several fingers around  the
base  so he wouldn't hurt her.  Chris started moving her ass
faster and  faster,  and  Pete  just stayed still, letting her
fuck his cock. Jill laid down  and   started sucking  Chris's
tits  and I  sat on Jill's tits, rubbing my wetness  over  her
big  tits.   I  was watching Pete's cock slide in and out of
Chris's  ass  in  amazement.   Jeff  groaned  and I  could see
Chris jerking his shaft  up  and  down  into her mouth.  She sat
up suddenly and kissed me, Jeff's sperm  flooding  my mouth as a
surprise.  Her breath was ragged in my mouth, her ass  full  of
Pete's  pumping   cock,  and a lot of  Jeff's sperm ran down  our
faces  and  onto my tits. Pete pulled out of Chris's ass quickly,
making her cry out.   He stepped over Chris's back, straddling
her jerking his cock. Pete  turned towards me and shot a thick
stream of his cum against my tits.  Then  another.   What  didn't
land on me, dripped onto Jill below me, or Chris's back.   Pete
spermed   again,  and  hit my mouth and  cheeks. It felt good,
and when  he  stopped,  I looked down at Jill.  She had  some on
her cheek, but most of  it   had  landed on her big tits.   We
licked each other off, and Jeff, Pete and Chris all watched. My
ass was  up in the  air and Jeff came over to me stroking his
still hard cum  slick cock.  I started to wiggle  my ass towards
him.  Jeff spread my legs and  pressed his hot cock up my cunt
banging me with hard fast strokes.  I began to  get  off  again
and  Chris  crawled over to me and got up under my legs and began
to suck and lick my clit while Jeff pounded his hot shaft up my
quivering pussy.    I  began  to climax  again and Chris made
Jeff pull out before he shot his  load.  Spreading my  ass cheeks
Chris put Jeff's throbbing  cock against my asshole  and  told
him to fuck my anus.  I had been fucked up the ass before but the
feeling   I got when Jeff pressed his hot stiff  meat up my
asshole was too much   to  be  believed between his hot cock
rammed up my asshole and Chris with her  hot  tongue  on  my clit
and her fingers up my pussy I thought I would  die from  the
pleasure.   Jeff reamed my  asshole with hard  pounding strokes
until I  was  continually  in  an  orgasmic trance and finally
filled my butt with his thick creamy sperm as I flooded Chris's
mouth with my hot pussy juice.


