Archive-name: Bondage/cindy-i.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Cindy's Letters 1


Dear Becky,

     Hey you! What's up? I'm HERE!!! Got in two days ago and I
can't believe I'm actually in Germany. My "family" (I'll tell you
about them in a sec) picked me up at the airport in a Mercedes
(not bad, huh?) and we drove through Munich on the way out to
their house, which is like two or three miles out in the country.
Munich looked like a cool place. I'm psyched to go explore but
it's going to be a little tough since the metro doesn't run out
here so I'm going to have to be bumming rides, either from the
parents or the two kids who are old enough to drive. 
     The flight over was pretty boring, even though I was excited
to be flying alone for the first time. I honestly can't believe
my parents let me spend the summer here. I still remember their
reaction when I came home from school that day and told them a
woman had come to talk about study abroad and that I wanted to do
it. It was like "yeah, right, Cindy." They wanted me to stay and
work on college applications...now I'm here, though, so I guess
my tantrums worked, huh?  
     OK, what's my family like? Weird. It's gonna be tough, I
think, but I don't have to spend all my time here, right? The mom
is 45, with long grey hair and weighs about 3000 pounds. I bet
she drinks beer with breakfast. She's very German, let's just
say. The dad (I'm supposed to call them "my dad," "my brother,"
and so on, but I can't deal with that yet) is a big-deal
businessman with Braun and looks it. Six feet, still kind of
blonde hair, perfect suits etc. Not a guy to mess with, I think.
The daughters are 11 and 16 and the son is 18. He's pretty cute
but he acts like an asshole, so we'll see. I think it's probably
stupid to fool around with a "brother" but whatever. He's got a
motorcycle and goes to the University. He wants to be a car
designer for BMW, he said. The girls are nicer, but still kind of
bitchy. The younger one, Heidi (can you believe it?! I almost
laughed out loud) likes Depeche Mode and A-HA and giggles a lot.
The older one, Margitte, is a clubbie. She goes out a lot, she
said, but I don't know, cause her parents are so strict I don't
see how she can. Oh yeah, I didn't mention that yet, did I.
     Last night after dinner we all went to the living room (this
huge room with a fireplace big enough to sleep in and mirrors
with gold trim everywhere) and the dad gave a little speech which
almost made me want to hop on the next plane back, but I figure
I'm here, so deal, right? Anyway, the speech was like a list of
rules for the family which I guess I need to know and an
explanation of how things work here. Alright, ready, Cindy? They
still spank!!! No, I'm not kidding! I didn't believe it either
when he said it (I even pulled out my dictionary to check the
word) but then he proved it, with Heidi, so yes, it's true.
Basically, if you get in trouble during the week, that Sunday
after dinner everyone goes to the living room and you get a
certain number of spanks with either his hand or his belt. I know
you think I'm lying but I'm dead serious! Medieval times, huh?
And it's either bare or on your underwear. I just sat there
staring as he explained how it works. I wanted to tell him the
whole thing was ridiculous but I just got here so that seems kind
of risky. So I just sat and stared. He said that no matter who
was in trouble (and they all three can get it) everyone would be
there. When he was done he asked me if I had any questions, and I
just said "nein." What could I do?
     Then he said that Heidi had gotten a bad grade on her French
test which she said she had studied for (I guess he thought she
hadn't) and that she would get spanked tonight. I still kind of
thought the whole thing was maybe a joke they were playing on me,
but Heidi got up and went to the middle of the room, where they
have a low coffee table and started unsnapping her overalls
("Guess, cutoffs, since I know you'll wonder) and I knew it was
for real. I felt like I should leave but I was obviously supposed
to stay (he made it clear that I was "part of the family" while I
was there) so I just sat. The other kids looked a little
uncomfortable but not a lot. Maybe it was just weird having me
there. They definitely seemed used to the thing. She took her
overalls totally off, which left her standing there in a white t-
shirt, white panties and pink socks. She just stood there with
her hands crossed in front of her crotch as he lectured her (I
missed some of that cause he was speaking pretty fast and I was
having a hard time concentrating anyway) but I knew he said she
would get forty spanks with the hand over her panties. Then he
sat down on the table and she lay over his lap. I mean I guess
its not so weird with her, since she's just 11, but I can't
believe the other two still get spanked. I can't picture
Friedrich (the son) lying over his dad's lap at all. He thinks
he's such a stud! And Margitte would probably be all worried
about crying and smearing her make-up. She's such a little priss
I laugh at picturing her standing in front of everyone like that
in her panties. Anyway, he did indeed give Heidi 40 smacks. Hard
ones too, much harder than I remember my parents doing it. She
was crying by the time it was half-way done! When he was done he
told her to stand up and then made her stand there while he
basically repeated the whole lecture. Her face was all red and
wet and she was rubbing her hands all over her butt like she was
trying to warm it up, but I guess it was already pretty warm,
huh? Heidi's heinie was hot. Hehe. Then he told her she could go
to her room and she grabbed her overalls and walked out, kind of
hunched over, still sobbing. See, I told you it was WEIRD! Then
he said we could all go and I went up to Margitte's room with her
to look at her records. She acted like nothing had really
happened, so I asked her about it and basically it was just like
"yeah, that's what happens." She said Heidi would probably lie on
her bed and cry for awhile and then take a shower and go to bed.
I asked her if she still got spanked a lot and she said maybe
once every two or three WEEKS! I said doesn't it embarrass you
and she said yeah she hates it but what could she do? So I just
kind of let it slide and listened to records with her for a
while.
     Other than that little teeny strangeness (hah!) things are
pretty cool. The house is huge and I have my own TV in my own
room, so I'm psyched for that. We're going to their house on some
lake in the Black Forest next weekend, which will be cool. I'll
write when we come back from that, kay? And write back! I wanna
know how the ice cream job is! Any cute guys? Did Jim come to
your practice? Oh yeah, saw a blue flagpole on the drive in!!!
Ha HA!!! Love ya,

                         Cindy



Dear Becky,

     I'll cut straight to the chase, since I'm in no mood for
nice chatter right now. You probably just got my last letter, so
this'll make sense. I told you my family here still spanks their
kids, right? Well, it seems that "dad" was serious when he said I
was to consider myself part of the family. Yup, lil ol' Cindy got
it with the belt last night! I don't even really know what to
think right now. I almost called my mom in the States to tell
her, but in a way its so embarrassing I don't even want to, plus
it was so hard convincing them to let me come over here I kinda
fell like its worth suffering through this weirdness to stay. 
     Basically, here's what happened. You remember he explained
how it was done, and he stuck to it. Sunday night, our last night
at their house in the Black Forest, he announces at dinner that I
had forgotten to make my bed and wipe the sink in the bathroom
clean that morning, and that he had also found a cigarette butt
in the bushes outside my window. For this, he said, I would get
10 with the belt. I almost choked on my ham. Seriously, I
couldn't EVEN believe he was saying this. My "mom" was no help.
She just poured another beer and smiled kinda lamely, like "well,
sweetie, you knew the rules." Yeah, I knew no one in the family
smoked, and that the kids weren't allowed to, but I figured since
I was a guest, I would just be kind of discrete about it. Wrong.
He gave me this spiel about how I was part of the family while I
was there, and that they loved having me and all, but that if I
wanted to stay a part of the family I would have to live by their
rules. For a second I almost felt guilty, like I had gagged on
the main course at a dinner party, but then I remembered what was
going to happen. I tried to explain that I hadn't realized how
seriously he had meant the rules when he explained them, but he
didn't buy it. He said he was sorry he hadn't been clear, but
that my punishment would probably impress me more than his
repeating the speech. 
     We had almost finished when he told me, so luckily I didn't
have long to wait. Still, I didn't touch a piece of food for the
rest of dinner. I was just sitting there, kinda shaky,
remembering how red Heidi's face had been after her spanking, and
that had only been with the hand, if you will remember. This was
going to be with the belt, and I KNEW it was going to hurt, cause
my dad used one on me once (remember the time we rode our bikes
across the bridge into the old cave? I never told you what
happened, but that's what it was, the belt). Anyway, they all
carried on talking about how nice the hike that day had been, and
how they always hated going back to the city, and I sat there and
stared at the candlestick. Margitte smiled at me once, but you
could tell she wasn't really too sorry. We haven't been getting
along that great, I think she's jealous of all the attention I
get, from her parents and from her friends when she introduces
me. Then "dad" sat back, folded his napkin, and said "let's go to
the living room." 
     There's no table in the country house like there is in the
Munich place, so he sat down on the couch. I didn't know whether
I should sit down or go right over to him or what. Everyone else
sat, either on the opposite couch or on a footstool and I stood
there in the doorway fidgeting. I know I was already blushing
cause I could feel it, and I had that feeling in my stomach like
when you're about to get on a huge roller-coaster, all bubbly and
tickly. I realized he was talking to me, and I could hardly
understand him (precise translations not being the biggest
concern on my mind right then). He finished the lecture (more
about being part of the family, and how we all had to work
together and like that) and then said "so it'll be ten with my
belt, on your bare behind.) That shook me and I yelled something
in English like "not on your life!" but he just gave me this look
(I bet he uses it in business negotiations too) and I gave up. No
one was going to help me, I knew. I was in the middle of the
Black Forest with a psycho German family, no phone, no neighbors.
And I knew if I said no I'd be flying right back to the States,
so it was do or die. I stalled as much as I could, but he said to
get my jeans off or he'd double it. So I unbuttoned them, trying
as hard as I could to block the fact that Freidrich and the girls
were sitting right there, staring at me, and probably loving
every minute of this. Believe it or not, I actually spent some
time trying to figure out whether to take my panties down with
the jeans in one move or to do them separately. I know, I'm
weird, but I honestly had to make the decision. I ended up
slipping the jeans off first, but they were the Guess ones I got
with you this spring, which, as you know, are pretty tight, so I
ended up pulling my panties about halfway down anyway, which I'm
sure looked real feminine. I think I know now why both Heidi and
Margitte have such boring panties. Less embarrassing when you're
standing in them in front of four people. I, of course, was
wearing my green satin St. Eve's panties. He told me to fold the
jeans and put them on the floor, which meant I had to bend down
with my ass sticking in Freidrich's face. Then he told me to take
my panties off, and I started crying. For a second it looked like
he might change his mind but then he told me again, in a firmer
voice. I swallowed hard (I felt like I was about to throw up the
whole time) and took them off too. Of course, as soon as I tried
to cover my crotch with my hands he told me to keep them at my
side, so I'm standing with them clenched in my right hand, his
eyes about four feet from my crotch. I don't even want to think
about what happens if you get in trouble during your period.
There must be an exception for that, right? He told me to put the
panties with the jeans, so I tried to just kind of drop them, so
I wouldn't have to bend over again, but he said that wasn't a
good idea for someone who was already being punished for
sloppiness and told me to fold them. When I did, I know Friedrich
(and the others, if they were interested) got a nice view of my
ass and my bush from behind. Then he said to get over his lap.
This was, as you can tell, very weird. I'm lying across the lap
of this fifty year old man I've known for two weeks with nothing
on below my waist about to get belted. I guess now I'm glad it
was over his lap, cause it meant he didn't have much room to get
the belt moving. I asked Margitte later if that was normal and
she said that if he really wants to hurt you have to bend over
the kitchen stool. I don't even want to think about that, since I
still can't sit for more than two minutes from this one. He
launched right into it without warning, the first whap almost
knocked me forward and I screamed like a dying pig (you know what
my screams sound like, so you can imagine). You have NEVER felt
anything that bad. It's like sitting down on a red hot bar and
staying there for a while. When it hits you get the first shock
and then it just keeps getting worse, like its cutting all the
way to the middle of your body. My hands are still sore from how
hard I was clenching my fists. After the fifth I kind of lost
count, and each next one just kinda joined all the others, adding
a new peak to the pain. I didn't even realize he was done for a
while. I just lay there kicking and crying. I had forgotten all
about the others after the first lick and it took me a while to
figure out how fucking stupid I looked! So much for being the
independent, daring and confident American girl travelling the
world. More like a little baby. I was sniffing u for being the
independent, daring and confident American girl travelling the
world. More like a little baby. I was sniffing up snot like a two
year old and sobbing and thrashing around. He told me to stand up
(once again giving Friedrich a wonderful view) and then lectured
me again. I have no clue what he said. All I could think about
was getting a wet cloth or some cold cream or something on my
butt. They're not kidding when they say it feels like you're on
fire. As he talked I started thinking about the fact that this
had all taken place in the front of the whole family and I
started crying harder. How was I going to look at them again,
especially Friedrich?! He finally said I could go and I literally
ran from the room, not looking at anyone. I stayed in my room for
the rest of the night, lying there on my stomach, still nude from
the waist down, waiting for my butt to cool down. I guess I cried
myself to sleep cause I woke up like that this morning when "mom"
knocked on the door. I talked to Margitte after breakfast (I've
been blushing all morning) and that kind of helped, but even she
said I was probably right that Friedrich enjoyed it. I'm not
going to be able to look at him ever again, I know that. 
     Yikes, I'm supposed to be ready to leave in fifteen minutes!
I'll write more when I've figured out what I'm going to do. Send
me a postcard! I need advice! Love ya,

                              Cindy

--
