The Circus - Part 1
by She-Devil

*****

                I give you a circus story.

     It was better than most hospital rooms: bigger, better-
equipped, comfortably furnished, and conscientiously attended by a
trained staff.  But at this moment it wasn't much better than the
Drunk Tank at the City Jail, thanks to the hordes of screaming
relatives that clustered around the bed where my Uncle Hubert lay,
taking his own good time about dying.

     "You can't do that! moaned Aunt Mary.

     "It's a disgrace!" groaned Cousin Charles.

     "We'll be ruined socially!" wailed a blue-haired old lady who
relationship to me I never was sure of.

     "None-the-less," the strong tones of Uncle Hubert's voice
silenced them all, even from his death bed.  "It's what I want and
it's what I'm going to do!"

     "But you can't!" Aunt Mary repeated.  "You just can't leave
all your money to a bastard child you've never even seen ... the
daughter of-of a common performer -- or worse!"

     "I can and I will," Uncle Hubert's voice grated more firmer
than ever.  "The lawyers have already rewritten my will, and all I
have to do know is find the child... And by damn, I'm going to! 
Now get out of here, all of you -- except you Martin -- Go on, get
out!"

     The others were herded from the room by a nurse who looked
like a pro-football linebacker and I was left alone with my Uncle
Hubert.

     "Any progress?"  He asked eagerly.

     "Some," I said, watching his old eyes light up. "The
detectives have been following up every lead you've given us, and
it seems they might be on to something.  They're checking out
rumors about a girl working in a circus or something somewhere out
west.  They say it looks really hopeful, and if it turns out good
they should have some news in a few weeks."

     "Good!" The old man knew he could hold out that long easily. 
"You know, Martin, it's funny; I never thought much of you.  Guess
some of your ideas were a little too far out for an old man like
me.  But now it seems that you're the only one I can trust to do
this.  Maybe it's because I never tried to buy your love like I did 
all those others," he cast a disparaging glance at the hallway full
of greedy relatives.  "Anyway, I want you to know I appreciate it
and, if it works out, if you find the child, you'll be well taken
care of!"

     "Sure, Uncle Hubert," I smiled, rising. "But the main thing
now is for you to rest. I may not be back for a few weeks, but when
I do return, it'll be with good news!"

     Out in the hallway, the others ignored me as I left.  Except
for my cousin Roderick, that is; I heard his mincing footsteps
growing louder in the hallway as he hurried to catch up with me.

     "Well," he trilled, touching my sleeve softly.  "How's the pet
nephew today?"

     "Still poor, but happy," I smiled, hiding the distaste I've
always felt for Roderick as best I could.  For years I used to tell
myself that I was unfairly prejudiced against Roderick because he's
gay and I'm not.  But recently I had come to realize that my
dislike of the man had nothing to do with his sexual preferences;
he was just a little twerp, that's all. And a very irritating one
at that.

     "And how are things with the upper classes?" I continued.

     "Oh, you know that crowd," he wrinkled his nose at my
reference to our mutual relations.  "Always worried about losing an
odd hundred million or so. But just what have you and Uncle Hubert
been plotting, anyway?"

     That was the one thing I liked about Roderick: you could see
through him like air. Clever he might be, but subtle? Never!

     "Nothing very important," I lied, "but why should you care?
You were never in the will for very much anyway -- not that you
needed it -- and I know you don't lose any sleep over the welfare
of us paupers."

     We smiled at the half-truth of my remark.  By conventional
standards, I'm not a pauper at all, with a trust fund that nets me
a few hundred grand a year after taxes. But in our family, that
strictly a poor relation.

     "Oh, you must know I've always liked you Martin," Roderick
lied right back. "But I must say that whatever it is you've been
doing lately has changed you somehow. I can't quite place it, but
your just a little ... different!  Your clothes don't seem to fit
you anymore, your voice seems higher, your skin paler, and ... you
walk funny.  You almost remind me of an old boyfriend of mine. Did
I ever tell you about the fellow who was into dresses?"

     I felt myself reddening at his remarks, wondering if he had
really guessed anything.  Fortunately, we had reached my Mercedes
by that time and I broke the conversation off quickly and sped
home.

     There, in the privacy of my luxury town house, I studied
myself closely in the mirror, then I doffed my clothing for a look
at how I was progressing.

     It was better than I had expected. My skin was smooth, soft,
and  -- except for a triangular patch over my male organs --
hairless.  My shapely legs and round ass would have looked great on
any girl.  But most impressive of all, above my nipped-in waist,
were a pair of full firm breasts that had grown so they were not
easy to hide anymore.  Well, I thought, after tonight there would
be no need to hide them at all.  And in a month or so, if
everything went right, I'd be completely rid of them and back to
being my old 100% male self.

     You're probably wondering what all this is about. The fact is
that I had been giving serious thought to the question of my Uncle
Hubert's lost bastard child for over a year.  Ever since the old
bastard had been diagnosed as terminal he'd been talking more and
more about his lost youth and the mistakes he'd made and the wrong
he'd done.

     One thing in particular had seemed to bother him more than
most:  About twenty years ago, he'd had a fling with some girl who
must have really impressed him. He had even promised to marry her,
or hinted around that he might, anyway.  Whatever the case, when
the lady in question got pregnant, he'd dropped her like a greasy
hand grenade, which was why the girl was so ashamed at having been
made such a fool of that she dropped out of college (she'd been in
some athletic program or something) and joined a travelling circus.

     Can you imagine anything like that in this day and age?  I
couldn't either, but Uncle Hubert had insisted it had happened, and
the detectives I'd hired confirmed it: A girl with the plebeian
name of Kitty O'Malley had really dropped out of an Ivy League
school twenty years ago and taken up employment with an acrobatic
troupe passing through the area that summer!  And this was none
other than the woman whom Uncle Hubert had seduced and abandoned.

     As I said, I had hired detectives to dig all this information
out for several months ago.  You see, I could tell by the way Uncle
Hubert had been talking about this things that it was really
preying on his mind and it occurred to me that he would probably be
looking to make amends before he died.

     I was right.  The old reprobate broke down and cried one
evening, just after he'd gone into the hospital, swearing that he'd
do anything if only he could make things up to his poor, poor
Kitty.  He'd hired some detectives himself by that time, and it had
come as quite a shock to him when they'd reported back that Kitty
had died over fifteen years earlier.  But you should have seen his
eyes light up when I reminded him that Kitty had been pregnant,
after all, there was still a very strong possibility that he had a
son or a daughter running around someplace who could be found and
provided for!

     That's when Uncle Hubert and I finally started to get along. 
He was amazed that any of his relatives would be so understanding
and self-sacrificing as to actually try and dig out another
relative to share his billions with.  But I put my pious look on my
face and told him that I could see how much it all meant to him,
and from that day on, I was put in charge of `The Search for the
Missing Heir/ess.'

     Since I was already several months ahead of the detectives
he'd hired, it was fairly easy to put them all on false trails
while I sent my own detective on a short-cut.

     Then, when that had just almost found my uncle's lost child,
I thanked them, paid them generously, and told them to forget it,
that I would have the second team of investigators (the ones Uncle
Hubert knew about) finish the job.

     By now, you're probably wondering about my motives in all
this.  Well frankly, I was wondering myself.  You see, I knew that
there was a lot of money at stake her.  And it seemed to me that
whoever found this missing child (actually a young lady by now, I
had discovered) would hold the key to the whole situation; if I
found her, I could always present her to Uncle Hubert and count on
being cut in for a share of his gratitude. If I ever did present
her to my uncle, that is!  It had also occurred to me that if I --
and I alone -- knew where she was, it might be possible to remove
forever any proof of her identity and sound my other relatives out
on "How much would they be willing to pay if I could guarantee that
the missing child would never be found?"

     So everything I'd done up to a few months ago had been to
ensure myself that I would find Uncle Hubert's daughter long before
anyone else could.  Then I could see what the situation looked like
and make my plans accordingly.  Only I'd hit a snag.

     My detectives had traced Kitty O'Malley's daughter to an
outfit called "She Devil's Travelling All-Female Circus."  But
there was something funny about this set-up.  It seemed this circus
didn't play small towns, shopping centers, or hook with the big
circuses the way other travelling shows did. No, She Devil's troupe
seemed to play exclusively at very posh and private parties for
people in the same income bracket as my Uncle Hubert. And they had
their home base on the estate of a mega-billionaire who made even
Uncle Hubert seem like a piker.  During the summer months they
would travel the country side like any other circus outfit, except
that they were a little better off than most, and as I said, they
only played at very swanky and very private events.

     Well, if there's one thing learned from being rich, it's that
rich people don't waste their time going to the circus.  S it was
pretty obvious to me that She Devil's Travelling All-Female Circus
must be offering some extra attraction for the jaded wealthy, and
it didn't take me long to discover what that was: SEX!

     Through my connections with other wealthy young men of leisure
just like myself, I soon learned that She Devil's Circus
specialized in the bizarre. My friend mentioned bondage displays,
exotic sexual freaks, and feats of eroto-acrobatics that would have
amazed the Flying Wallendas.

     So this was where my long lost cousin was working.

     And this was where I would have to go to find her.

     That was where my problem started. Because for my purposes, I
would have to not only find the girl, but find out all I could
about her private situation.  If there was any way she could be
privately hidden away, spirited off, or just have the proof of her
identity removed, I had to know where it was. And if there wasn't,
I had to know that too, so I could be as delighted as Uncle Hubert
over her discovery.  Therefore, I would have to conduct my own
private investigation incognito.  It would never do for Uncle
Hubert to discover that someone of my description had been
continuing to search around She Devil's Circus long after he should
have found his long-lost daughter and brought her home.

     The answer stared me in the face for a long time before I
finally admitted it.  The only way that I could effectively
disguise myself and do a close investigation of She Devil's All
Girl Travelling Circus was to disguise myself as a woman! And for
s et-up like this, it would have to be not just a disguise, but
almost a complete transformation!

     As I say, it took me a long time to admit this to myself;
after all, though not particularly big or masculine-looking, I am
completely male and definitely heterosexual, so the idea of turning
myself into a woman -- even temporarily -- was naturally repugnant
to me.  But once I decided that this was the only way to do it, I
threw myself into the project with a vengeance. I read everything
I could about transvestism and transsexualism.  I discussed things
with well-known female impersonators and transsexuals. I even spoke
to doctors who did the male-to-female operation. And at last I had
developed a way to carry the whole thing off.

     Expensive creams and hormones had softened my skin and almost
completely deadened my body hair.  Shots had rounded my buttocks
and swelled my breasts up to what would become impressive 38-D
dimensions. Corsetting and exercise had nipped in my waist while
another daily regimen had softened the muscles in my arms and
shoulders and shaped  up my legs.  And hours of constant practice
had finally made me an expert in makeup, hair styling, and feminine
deportment. I could now look and act completely feminine whenever
I wanted.

     Or almost completely. There was just one detail to take care
of: my male organs .. some detail! But I had at last found a way to
get around even that obstacle without doing myself any permanent
harm.

     Weeks of nightly soaking in a special astringent lotion had
succeeded in shrinking my cock and balls to about half their normal
size. And for an outrageous fee, an obliging doctor had permanently
stitched small loops of surgical thread into the skin around my
genitals. I had been anaesthetized during this procedure, of
course, but the result was that I now had a network of incredibly
strong and tiny loops of thread completely around the area I wanted
to hide.

     Now I picked up the device that I had ordered from an
expensive special effects lab in Hollywood: An artificial vagina!
It was made of a durable flesh-like substance and designed to fit
comfortably over my real genitals, holding them back in a small
package between my legs. There was even a realistic permanently-
moistened female passageway between the pussy-lips, equipped with
a nylon spring to keep it convincingly tight yet seductively
yielding.  And the entire thing was surrounded by dark hair that
could be easily and invisibly laced into the loops at my crotch!

     Did I say "easily?"  It took me almost an hour of bending
forward, trying to see between my jiggling breasts, to get the
thing laced on!  But when I had finished at last and looked at
myself in the mirror once more, I felt an enormous glow of
satisfaction. There, reflected back at me, was the perfect image of
an attractive -- even voluptuous -- woman!  Her curly dark hair
fell neatly to the nape of her neck in a perfectly feminine style.
And framed by this dark hair, her softly made-up features smiled
back at me: Gracefully arched eyebrows over demure, shadowed brown
eyes with long dark lashes, just a hint of blush at the cheeks, and
the skin so soft as to need no foundation. And a perfectly drawn
pair of oh so kissable lips!

     Below the neck, the shoulders were smooth and soft like the
arms, betraying no hint of masculinity.  At the chest were those
firm, lovely breasts for which I had worked so hard. Below the flat
tummy was an inviting triangle of dark pubic hair with just a hint
of pink nether lips behind it. Behind this, I could see the twin
curves of a round, bouncing pink bottom. And beneath my gracefully 
swelling hips was a pair of legs that would make any woman envious.

     I was ready!

                            *********

     "So you're Mattie Huntington?"

     She Devil looked at ne over the strong, bitter tea that we
were sharing in her well-equipped trailer, her green eyes softly
glowing. They were fascinating, those eyes of hers, and as we
talked, I felt myself looking into them more and more deeply.

     "That's right," I lied in my soft feminine voice.  "I believe
you received a letter about me from my -ah- friend, Martin Howard?"

     "Yes, Martin vouched for you alright; he said you're not an
undercover policeman or anything. But I don't actually know Martin.
He himself was referred to me by some long-standing patrons of
mine.  So your references are good but just slightly second hand."

     "Isn't the money I'm paying you enough to settle any doubts?"
I asked. "I mean, it - it's hard enough for me just getting up the
nerve to try this thing without having to go through this- this ...

     "Interrogation?" She Devil smiled. "Relax. Mattie: you're not
the first woman who has offered to pay me to hire her.  You'd be
surprised how many women have a latent streak of exhibitionism or
submissiveness in them and decide they'd like to try a few weeks
with She Devil's Circus.  Your request was a little different from
most, however."

     "You mean my stipulation that I shouldn't have to-to...."

     "That you didn't want to perform for the customers but just
wanted to help out with the girls backstage," She Devil prompted. 
"That's right.  In fact, it might be very difficult to arrange.
This is a circus, after all, and part of the system is that every
girl must pitch in wherever she's needed. That's the only way we
can get by."

     "But-but I'm paying for this!"  I insisted.  "And I really,
really don't want to have to -- have sex with-with men and things!
Isn't it possible for me just to clean the girls rooms and care for
their things? Liked I asked?"

     "I'll do what I can," She Devil said evenly, looking deeply
into my brown eyes with her smoldering green ones as she went on in
her soft, compelling voice, "But I want you to prepare yourself
mentally for the times when we'll ask you to do something else for
us; to help in some way with the customers. Of course, we won't
force you to do anything against your will, but you may find, after
a little while with us, that you have more potential than you ever
thought.  As you relax, you'll find your mind expanding and your
horizons broadening.  And although you can refuse anytime you wish,
you may simply feel better by helping out. That will all come later
prehaps.  Meanwhile, I want you to remember that this arrangement
will continue only for as long as you can pay for it.  Is that
clear?"

     I shook myself out of the reverie into which I had somehow
fallen and nodded.

     "Much as I might like you personally," She Devil continued,
"and I do find myself strangely attracted to you, I can only
survive as long as this show prospers.  We serve a rich clientele,
but that also means that our expenses are high and our arrangements
complicated.  I had a girl here, very much like you, once who could
not understand that ours was a business relationship:  We provide
our services only as long as you can pay for the.  That's all right
with you, isn't it?"

     I nodded again, thinking comfortably of how well I had
prepared for all this.  Not only had I changed my appearance, but
I had also obtained false identification papers and even set up a
well stocked checking account through a large bank in the name of
Mattie Huntington.  And in case of emergency, I had all my real
identification, credit cards, and such safely hidden away in the
trailer I had bought to travel in with the circus.  I sipped my tea
and felt myself relaxing even more.

     "Very good," She Devil smiled. "Now, let's talk Mattie. I want
to discuss the things you'll be wearing and the duties you'll be
performing for me and the other girls.  After all, we have to know
just what you'lll be doing before we know what outfits to have made
for you.  So I want you to relax and tell me all about your
innermost thouhgts and fantasies.  And about yourself. Tell me,
Mattie, how old are you?"

     We talked for almost two hours about all sorts of things: Did
I like my body? What did I think was my most attractive feature?
Howold was I?  Where was I raised?  Brothers and sisters?  What
were my favorite colors? My favorite fabrics?  Did I enjoy the cool
swish of silk?  Or the warm caress of leather?  Both?  How about
the comfortable squeeze of tight instep-arching high heels, and the
delightful rythym they impart to a woman's gait?  How about the
rustle of silken petticoats or the whisper of black silk stockings?
Had I ever felt the erotic constriction of a corset?  The delicate
touch of a leather collar?

     Had I ever gone swimming in the nude?  How did I feel in
school when I showered with the other girls in Gym Class?  What
would it to be like to be photographed nude?  I was asked to relax
and imagine myself in a situation where I was meeting a few friends
for an important luncheon at a fashionable restaurant.  I was
elegantly dressed, as I was now, in a heavy white silk blouse,
attractive mauve skirt, expensive silk slip and matching undies,
with sheer stockings on my legs, and fashionable shoes with two
inch heels.  But as we all sat down, I suddenly realized that there
was a bigger than life size poster on the wall behind me in which
I was completely naked, down on all fours, with a collar around my
neck, being walked down a city street by She Devil who was wearing
my clothes.

     I blinked, suddenly startled by the bizarre picture She Devil
had created, a little surprised to discover that I was not in that
restaurant with all my dream friends, but still here in She Devil's
trailer.

     "I'm sorry."  I said stupidly. "What was I saying?"

     "Oh, nothing," She Devil smiled, rising. "But I have a pretty
good idea now how I'm going to dress you and what you'll be doing! 
It's late now, though.  Why don't you go back to your trailer and
relax while I mnake some arrangements.  Then, tomorrow morning,
I'll introduce you to everyone and you can start your job!"

                            *********

     Starting the next day, and over the next few weeks, I
discovered what a bizarre set-up indeed was She Devil's Travelling
All-Girl Circus.  And what a strange cast of characters inhabited
it!

     There was Ktanka, the Strong lady, for instance, a lovely but
muscular Russian Goddess who towered almost seven feet tall, and
whose proud boast was that she could wrestle anything on earth.  I
watched her one day, practicing an odd combination of ballet moves
and wrestling maneuvers, amazed by the speed and agility of her
big, smooth legs and the quick strength of her arms, and I began to
believe that she was probably right: She could wrestle anything. 
Only I wouldn't have bet on her oppponent!

     Then there was Lila, the Tattooed Lady, who bragged that every
inch of her skin was tattooed and charged customers to explore the
truth of her claim.  I saw her quite often, showering, sweating in
the heat, even rubbing oil over her body to show everyone that the
tottoos were genuine; yet somehow, as I watched her from day to
day, the pattern of colorful pictures seemed to keep changing, so
that it was never the same fromone week to the next.

     There was also Lasha, the Whip Woman, a dark-skinned leather-
clad girl who was never without some sort of stinging punishment
device hanging from her wrist or hip.  I saw her in competition
once and gapsed as she knocked bottles, one at a time, from a
platform ten feet away before a sharpshooter could shatter them
with his target pistol!

     And there were a host of others, even stranger:  Sally
Swinger, the arealist;  Armless Amanda and legless Lilly, twin
sisters; helga, the Horse-woman; Magica, the conjurer; Kathy Clown
(whose bag of X-rated tricks seemed as inexhaustible as it was
inventive); The Round-Up Girls, the Rubber Woman ... I could go on
all day!

     One of the most interesting for me, though, was a pretty
twenty-year-old blonde who was introduced to me as just Molly.  She
did an act with two leopards in which the big cats walked lovingly
between her legs, tickled her with their tales, then gently made
love to each other in a variety of human positions at her command.
It seemed as if the animals actually loved their blonde mistress,
an attitude which was shared by the rest of the troupe as well. 
Molly's soft, gentle nature was cherished and protected by the
other girls in the troupe -- some of whom, as you may have
gathered, were quite hard-boiled -- and next to She Devil, she was
teh most popular person in the outfit.

     Ah yes, She Devil. Aptly named, that woman.  It wasn't that
she was overtly evil or anything; she just had an ineffable
sinister quality that I could never quite place.  She told me that
she used to do a mind-reading and hypnosis act in night clubs, and
the more I came to know her entrancingly proportioned body and her
captivating green eyes, the easier it was for me to believe it.

     And I saw quite a lot of She Devil.  Since we were both
backstagers, we often had moments together while the others were
working, and gradually these moments lengthened into hours and then
evenings.  Somehow, I always felt I could relax with She Devil. 
She would talk to me in her low, melodic voice, rubbing the back of
my neck as I sipped tea in her trailer, and after awhile, I would
listen and it would be me talking.  I only knew that when I left
her trailer, I always felt pleasantly refreshed, as if I had been
able to out down some terrible load for a little while.

     Just when we became lovers I could not say.  It just seemed
that one night I opened my eyes and found myself crouched nude
between her legs, tonguing passionately between her pussy lips,
feeling the soft caress of her bare thighs on my ears.  I had never
done this to a woman before, but I suddenly found myself hungry for
this exotic creature, physically aroused in a way I had never felt
before!  My nipples were erect and tingling, and between my legs,
my captive cock, imprisoned behind the false pudenda, ached warmly
as it struggled to expand in the small space ... in vain!  But the
pressure on my balls as my swelling organ pushed at them was
somehow more pleasant than painful.

     After that night, it seemed I just couldn't get enough of She
Devil.  Every chance I could, I would wait on her, attend her in
the bath, run little errands for her, or lovingly hand wash her
stockings and lingerie for her.  I ignored the comments from the
other girls that She Devil was incurably fickle, and devoted as
much time and attention as I possibly could to this fascinating
lesbian!  And, oddly enough, it seemed that, though still very much
a male underneath, I was coming to think of myself more and more as
... lesbian.  I lusted after She Devil, it's true; What guy
wouldn't be turned on by her full, firm breasts, her shapely legs,
and the silken texture of her tawny skin.  Beneath that false pussy
I wore, my cock stiffened every time she walked into a room! But
somehow, I also felt a stiffening in my nipples, a warm, moist
tingle in my crotch, and sometimes my mouth would actually salivate
with hunger to get between her thighs, like some kind of
conditioned reflex!  At those moments, I almost forgot about my
real identity, even forgot that I was really male, and responded to
She Devil's charms in a distinctly feminine way.  Soon, in fact,
whenever she entered a room I would feel my knees flex
automatically.  Everyone assumed I was curtseying to her, but
actually it was a reflex action caused by my conditioned response
to go down on her, until I realized that we were in public.

     But here I've been going on about She Devil and haven't gotten
around to telling you how she dressed me or some of the things I
had to do around the circus for the other girls -- and with them! 
And there was also my gradual discovery of my uncle's missing
daughter, and how I uncovered proof of her identity at last... and
what happened when I did!

                            PART TWO

     No, life with She Devil's Travelling All-Girl Circus was not
just an extended feast between She Devil's bewitching thighs, much
as I wished it could have been.  In fact, I had to put up with
quite a few inconveniences and even indignities in order to keep up
my masquerade of femininity and pursue my search for my missing
cousin.

     For one thing, there was the way She Devil dressed me.  Since
I had agreed to be hired on her terms (although I was paying all
the expenses!) I had to wear whatever she thought appropriate. And
She Devil had decided that as my job was to be a back-stage
assistant and general helper to the other girls, the best outfit
for me would be a series of Maids Costumes!

     But what costumes they were! They were in a variety of styles,
but all were of jet-black satin with white lace trim and
accessories, such as caps and aprons.

     Aside from that, though, they were surprisingly different,
from each other and from any other kind of outfit I had ever
seen a maid wear!

     There was one traditional maid's dress, with puffed sleeves,
lace collar, layers of starched petticoats and a darling apron and
cap set.  But the skirt was so short that every time I walked in
this thing it flipped up, offering teasing glimpses of my black
panty-clad bottom as well as the tops of my opera-length black net
stockings, and bending over to do anything at all was ... well, I
might as well have raised my panties up a flag pole for all the
exposure they got

     My next Maid's outfit was much more concealing, but much more
restrictive as well.  The skirt on this one came clear to my
ankles, and the dress had a very high collar and long sleeves, as
well as matching black satin gloves.  The problem was that the
whole thing was so tight -- and made of such heavy black satin --
that I could barely move in it!  There was a corset built into the
bodice which kept my back rigid and just slightly curved, and the
high satin collar was almost as bad as the corset, forcing me to
keep my neck strained outward and my chin up, so that I had to bend
slightly forward just to see in front of me.  The arms of this
thing were so snug that I couldn't bend my elbows very far or even
raise my arms above my head.  It was a chore just feeding myself,
especially since the tight satin gloves were as restrictive as the
rest of the outfit, making it impossible for me to even close my
fingers very tightly.  It took She Devil a full fifteen minutes to
button me into this thing and lace the corset straps, and when she
was finished I couldn't get out of it without help.

     But even that outfit was better than the next one, an ensemble
so brief that it was barely there at all.  It consisted of a tight
(and I mean really tight!) satin corset with a small patch sewn on
the bottom at the front, in the shape of an elongated triangle,
with the base sewn to the corset bottom and narrowing at the tip to
a thin strap that passed between my legs and ass cheeks and then
tied to the back of the corset.  With this on, my pussy was just
about hidden, but that was all.  There was an apron sewn to the
front of the corset, the skirt portion hanging just inches below my
waist and the bib portion held up by pasties on my nipples. And
this, along with skyscraper-high heels, black-net stockings held up
by black satin garters, arm length black net fingerless gloves and
the ubiquitous maid's cap was all there was to it;  My shoulders,
the tops of my breasts, most of my back, and my entire bottom were
completely bare!  She Devil used to make me wear this when I'd been
disobedient, she said, and everyone in the group laughed heartily
at the sight of modest me scampering around camp on my duties,
trying all the while to keep my backside from view.

     And this wasn't always easy, considering some of my duties. 
Normally, all I had to do was dust and vacuum the dozen or so
trailers of the girls in the troupe, easy enough considering their
compact size and convenient layout.  I had specifically picked out
this job because it enabled me to snoop privately through the
papers in each girl's possessions, picking the locks on strong
boxes when necessary in my search for birth certificates, old
photographs, and anything else that might prove someone's identity. 
It was this way that I was able to discover... but I'm getting
ahead of myself.

     As I said, my job occasionally called for a little work above
and beyond the call, and sometimes I found myself roped into
something, that I certainly hadn't figured on when starting.

     There was the time, for instance, when Magica asked m to
assist her in an illusion.  For this one, I was attired in a
sweeping, floor-length strapless gown of light green silk, no
underwear, dark silk stockings and elbow length white gloves, along
with a string of pearls and the usual four inch high heel shoes, of
course.  Dressed like this, I waited in the stands of our portable
arena until she asked for a volunteer from the audience and someone
pushed me out.  Acting a bit nervous and reluctant (which wasn't
really acting) I came into the spotlight with her and introduced
myself as Mattie Huntington, a wealthy visitor.  Magica thanked me
for "volunteering" and led me up to a heavy wooden X-frame up on a
small platform.

     In no time at all, Magica had my wrists securely tied with
strong rope to the top of the X and my ankles similarly secured at
the bottom.  Then she called for another volunteer to make sure I
was really helplessly bound.

     Suddenly Kathy Clown came running up from the darkness at the
edge of the spotlight.  In slapstick pantomime, she conveyed to the
audience that she wanted to test me, to make sure I couldn't move,
and the audience applauded wildly.

     All at once I found myself hit in the face by a stream of
seltzer water.  I sputtered in protest, then screamed shrilly as
Kathy directed the stream down the front of my dress, soaking it to
a clinging, near transparent mess that outlined every inch of me.

     From up her sleeve, Kathy produced a huge bouquet of feather
flowers and proceeded to plant these down my decolletage.  I looked
down in wonder, only to be hit full in the face again by another
stream of seltzer.

     But Kathy was just getting started.  Smiling impishly, she
plucked a feather from the bouquet between my breasts and began
tickling me!

     Oooo!  I writhed, I giggled.  I screamed for help as I tugged
frantically at the ropes that imprisoned my wrists and ankles.  But
it was no use.  I felt the merciless caress of the feather as it
swept artfully up my sides to my armpits, behind my ears and under
my chin, then darted down to the insides of my thighs.  How long it
went on I couldn't say, but at last I was hanging exhausted by my
wrists and Kathy was bowing as the audience applauded wildly in the
darkness beyond the spotlight.

     Now Magica proceeded with her act. Two stagehands brought out
an ornate red lacquer oriental cabinet, about six feet square, and
Magica made a big production of showing everyone that it was empty. 
Then, with a flourish, she swept off her oversized cape and draped
it over the wooden X-frame, covering me completely.  Through the
heavy fabric, I  heard a "poof!" and saw a flash of light, and then
I suddenly felt a trap door opening beneath my feet as razor sharp
blades concealed in the X-frame flashed out and back, severing my
bonds.  Instantly, I was plummeting downwards as hooks caught my
dress and ripped it from me.  Then I was rolling down a short
passageway and onto a small platform.  My weight flipped a trigger
somewhere, and before I could even realize what was happening, I
was shot upwards into some kind of black closet about six feet
square.

     And then the sides  suddenly fell from the closet.  Dazed, I
blinked and looked around

     On the stage, Magica was bowing and showing off Molly, who,
attired in an outfit identical to my green dress, was now bound to
the X-frame.

The Circus - Part 2
by She-Devil

*****

     And I was standing, free, in what had been the oriental
cabinet.

     Free and almost naked!

     I squealed and clasped my arms around me as I suddenly
realized that I was standing there in front of everyone in just my
stockings, gloves and heels!  And as the band kicked up a lively
circus chase theme, I leaped from the platform and ran, blushing
furiously, to the safety of the performers door under the stands.

     A little while later, in the front of her trailer, She Devil
massaged my back softly as I lay comfortably nude on her floor. 
She was nude herself, and the feel of her bare thighs straddling my
back was giving me warn tingles all over that had nothing to do
with the carpet beneath my stomach.

     "There, there, Poor Little Thing," she cooed softly.  "I know
it was just horrible, but really you were sensational.  And you
were really the best one for the job, you know; you and Molly have
completely different coloring, but there is enough resemblance
between your faces and builds to add a lot of visual impact to the
illusion.  But don't worry.  I'll tell Magica to do her acts from
now on without your assistance."

     "Oh thank you, She Devil,"  I breathed softly, luxuriating in
the gentle touch of her hands up and down my bare back.  Then I
thought of something else: "By the way, uh, how long has Molly been
with you?"

     "Molly?" She Devil replied casually.  "Why for years and
years.  At first, she was too young to even use in any of the
acts, but her mother had died years ago and the acrobatic troupe
that bad been raising her broke up,  and...  well,  the kid bad no
place to go and nothing but a pathetic little envelope full of
papers and photographs, so I took her in and found some things for
her to do that didn't involve performing for the customers.  She
and Leona (Oh, you don't remember Leona, do you?  She left the show
a couple of years back.)   Anyway, she and Leona worked out that
cat act and when Leona left, Molly took over.  But why so
interested in Molly?  Should I be jealous?"

     "Oh no," I answered quickly.  "Just curious, that's all."

     "Well that better be all,"  She Devil moaned and leaned
forward, I felt the hairs between her legs brush across my smooth
bottom as her full breasts flattened against my bare back, and I
felt that old familiar ache in my pussy.  Did I say Pussy?  I mean
the ache was in my male genitals, of course, hidden behind the
false pussy.  Funny how I was getting confused about that lately. 
But She Devil was still talking.

     "I want you all to myself, you magnificent animal, you," she
was saying.  "I want to cage you and keep you and have you perform
just for me.  And I want to have you feeding right out of my
hand... or right out of any place else I think of!

     "Oh yes," I sighed, helpless to resist this woman's lesbian
charms. "Any thing for you, She Devil!"

     "All right, Animal!" she giggled.  "Play Horsie for me!"

     "What?"  I half rolled over and looked up at her quizzically.

     "You heard me," she insisted softly.  "Play Horsie!  Come on
now, up on your hands and knees, right between my legs here...
That's right! Oooo, that feels sexy!  Now carry me around the room
this way!  That's it!  Giddyap, Horsie!"

     And, odd as it may seem, I, Martin Howard, a man of
considerable wealth (and on my way to much more) did just as she
asked -- willingly!  Nude and completely feminized, I happily
carried this equally naked circus performer around the room on my 
back, feeling my breasts sway beneath me as I walked, revelling in
the exciting jiggle of my bare pink rump as She Devil swatted it
playfully.  And then, when my ride had ended us up in the bedroom,
I took my reward, lapping gratefully between her tempting nether-
lips until she at last moaned in fulfillment and felt my own body
tingle with naughty lesbian enjoyment.

     After then, it seemed like all She Devil wanted to do when we
were together was some variation on the "horsie" game.  As soon as
I entered her trailer, I would have to strip naked and drop to my
knees to approach her.  When I did this, she would rub me
affectionately behind the ears and call me a Good Horsie, and if
there was time she would have me fetch the Bridle.

     Ah yes, the Bridle.  I really didn't care much for this, but
She Devil had it made up specially for me by the Round-Up Girls,
and she seemed to really love having me wear it, so I humored her.
Basically, it was a set of leather straps that buckled tightly
around my head, fastened to a semi-soft plastic tube about half an
inch long and an inch in diameter.  This tube was placed between my
teeth and the straps adjusted so that I was biting down on it, my
teeth fitting into little grooves on the outside.  When She Devil
had finished putting this thing on me, my mouth was held open and
she could jerk my head side to side by pulling on the reins. I
could make little whinnying noises, but intelligible speech was out
the question so long as this thing was on.

     And She Devil had a host of devilish little tricks for keeping
it in place!  One evening, while wearing it, I happened to turn my
back to her and suddenly felt my wrists seized from behind.  In no
time, my hands were cuffed behind me and She Devil was laying down
the law:

     "Now Horsie," she said with mock severity.  "You've been very
lax in your duties lately, so I'm going to do a little something to
impress you with how much I love having you all for my very own
Horsie and how I hate to see you spending so much time in Molly's
trailer.  Understand?"

     I whined and nodded my head, agreeing that I shouldn't be
spending so much time there.  Actually, I had almost found what I
was after......  but She Devil took my assent as permission to
punish me

     "Very well," she said, uncoiling a length of rope. "Kneel
down!"

     I did as she ordered, unsure of where all this was leading,
and quickly found that she had bound my left ankle to my upper left
thigh and was doing the same with my right!  As always with She
Devil, I was completely nude except for my bridle, and as she
fussed over me, I felt myself oddly excited by the feel of her
leather boots brushing against me, the whisper of her tan denim
jodhpurs, and the softness of her breasts through her white silk
blouse as she leaned over me.

     But this was no time to think of that.  What was happening to
me?  She Devil tied each ankle immovably to its thigh, and now she
was tying my knees together with a long, long length of the soft
but strong nylon rope.  As I looked down in wonder, she took the
unused portion of this rope, which was sticking out from behind my
bent knees, and was using it to wrap my bent legs !  Around and
around she went, tightening and re-tightening, until my leg stumps
were bound together like a mummy, encircled by yards and yards of
the white cord, from my ankles and upper thighs right down to my
pink knees.

     But She Devil wasn't finished there.  In no time, she had
produced a frilly, lace trimmed, corset of heavy white satin,
reinforced  with  strong  plastic ribs, and she was fastening this
thing around my middle, tugging mercilessly at the laces.

     Ooogh!  I felt my waist being nipped in to breathless
tightness as She Devil pulled and pulled at the laces.  The frilly
white satin trim at the top and bottom of this brushed the
undersides of my breasts and tickled the hairs at the top of my
pussy as She Devil at last judged it confining enough and tied it
off.

     "Now what shall we do with those hands of yours?" She Devil
mused.  "Horsies don't have hands, you know!  I have it!"

     She went to her medicine cabinet and soon returned with two
big rolls of white surgical taps.  Taking each hand separately, she
bent the fingers and proceeded to wrap it firmly into a useless
half fist, leaving only the thumbs free.  I wondered about this
briefly.. until She Devil made her next move!

     With a smooth motion, she unlocked my handcuffs and before I
could think what to do, tied my thumbs together in front of me with
a length of white nylon ribbon.  Then, to finish things off, she
ran a length of narrow white nylon cord from my thumbs to my knees,
leaving about two feet of slack between them|

     "There now!"  She Devil stood up and smiled down at me.
"Horsie won't go wandering off now, will she?"

     I looked at myself in a full length mirror on the far wall and
blushed with shame.  Crouched there on my hands and knees, I was a
pink and white picture of helpless submission.  The white bondage
encircling my bent up legs and hands went perfectly with my white
satin corset, accentuating the flesh tones of exposed breasts and
bottom, which now reared up behind me in humiliating prominence. 
Encircled by my dark hair and the leather straps of my bridle, my
pretty feminine face gaped uselessly at the sight I made, down on
all fours and completely unable to rise, to take off my bridle...
to do anything but what I was ordered!

     And, standing over me, toying with a shiny black riding crop,
She Devil obviously had some interesting orders planned!

     "Move around some, Horsie!"  she giggled softly.  "I want to
study your movements.  Get along now!"

     As best I could, I moved my bound fists forward on the carpet,
then wiggled my ass behind me, sliding my knees forward to catch
up.  Then, when I had a little more slack, I repeated the whole
shameful process:  First a breathtaking jerk with my taped fists,
then a tail wagging shuffle with my hampered knees to catch up. 
She Devil laughed delightedly at my antics.

     "How cute!" she chuckled, flexing the riding crop in her
hands.  "But I wonder what would happen if I used this!"

     I quailed at the sight of the leather quirt, shaking my head
and whining for all I was worth, and She Devil laughed again.

     "Oh, I don' t mean to spank your naughty bottom with," she
tittered.  "Not right now, anyway!   But look what happens when I
tickle your nipples with it... my!  They're standing right up! And
you're moaning!  Now what happens when I brush it across the soles
of your bare feet?  Does that tickle?  My, your bottom bounces when
you jump like that!  And the way your titties shake is positively
indecent!  Settle down Horsie!"

     Somehow, I made myself stop bucking and stood there (if being
forcibly tied down on one's hands and knees can be called
"standing") quivering with anxiety and sexual tension as She Devil
softly stroked my naked flanks with her hand, then playfully
tickled me under the nose with the tip of the riding crop.

     "And now, Horsie, it's time you were punished for spending so
much time in Molly's trailer and making She Devil jealous!"

     Punished?  You mean there was more?  Yes, apparently there
was, because She Devil went on:

     "You see, it's just now Show Time and I'm going to be busy for
the next few hours coordinating some of the acts.  I had thought
about just tying your reins to a post out in the middle of the
campgrounds and leaving you there, but now I have a better idea:"

     "After the Show, I'm going straight to your trailer.  When I
get there, I want to find you, bound just as you are now.  That
means you'll have to hustle your cute little ass all the way there
from here!  Fortunately for your sake, there won't be too many
girls in this area during the show, but you'll have some pleasant
moments trying to keep from being seen like that, my little modest
missie!  I think I may also tell the girls that there's a reward
out for whoever catches you out and ties you to her trailer, just
to make things interesting!  So, there you have it, Horsie:  You've
got about three hours to sneak across camp and lock yourself in
your trailer until I come for you.  If you're caught, your fate
will be up to whoever catches you.  But if you don't, at least try
to make it, and I find you still in here when I come beck after the
show..."  She  smiled impishly.  "Well, let's just say that this
nasty old riding crop has a lot of applications!  'Ta now!"

     And, blowing me a kiss, she vanished out the door!

     I don't know how long I huddled there in that trailer, feeling
my arms and legs stiffen in their restraints, chafing under the
growing ache in my neck as I strained to hold my head up, and
trembling in fear at the prospect of hobbling and crawling clear
across camp in this bound-up bare-assed state.  I looked at myself
miserably in the mirror and my big pink bottom and jiggling bare
breasts seemed to mock me.  How had a man like me ever gotten into
a situation like this?  Feminized, bridled, breasted and bound down
on all fours, and in this state faced with the prospect of trying
to make it clear across the circle of trailers that formed our
camp, at the mercy of a bunch of gaudy whores!

     For the umpteenth time I wondered what spell She Devil had
cast over me to get me into a fix like this, then I sighed, nosed
open the trailer door and peeked out.

     It looked good.  Everyone was assembled for the Opening Parade
and the rest of the camp was deserted.  Cautiously I turned around,
backed my big rump out the door, and backed carefully down the
three steps to the ground.

     Down on the soft grass at last, I looked around again.  Still
deserted; I just might make it.  But I'd better keep close to the
trailers and go around the perimeter rather than cut across; that
way, if anyone came, I could always duck under a trailer and hide
till they passed.  Cautiously, I began my journey: A forward tug on
my bound arms, then a jiggling shuffle in my knees to catch up. 
Then another forward tug.  And another shuffle.  Tug-shuffle, tug-
shuffle, tug-shuffle  ....

     My bridled jaws throbbed with the pain of being kept forced
open like this for so long, even as my neck screamed silent agony
from the strain of holding my head up to see in front of my. Every
forward tug of my bound hands jerked at the rope that secured them
to my knees and prevented me from straightening up.  My knees
burned from the friction of scooting them across the grass,  and my
bent-up, rope-wrapped legs felt like they were growing numb.  I had
to stop, rest, and hide somewhere.

     Then I looked up and saw that I was right in front of Molly's
trailer.

     And the door was ajar!

     Over the last week or so, I had indeed been spending quite a
lot of time there, as She Devil had mentioned;  but not for the
reason she suspected!  Ever since She Devil had dropped that
passing comment about Molly showing up with "a pathetic little
envelope full of papers and photographs" I had been obsessed with
the idea of finding them and seeing if they contained proof of
Molly's identity.

     You see, there was a lot about Holly that led me to believe
that she was none other then my long-lost bastard cousin.  As She
Devil had mentioned, there was a slight physical resemblance
between us: nothing major, just a hint around the chin and nose.
More importantly though, Molly had mentioned to me once that she
had exceptionally  strong teeth and had never required any dental
work!  This was one characteristics that is shared by nearly all
the Howard family, and when she told me about it, it clenched my
suspicions.  All I needed was proof.  And the only place to get it
would be to find that envelope full of papers and photographs, that
until now I hadn't had a chance to really search for!

     All this and more flashed through my mind in an instant as I
tugged and pulled my way up her steps and in the door of her
trailer.  It might seem terribly foolish of me to try looking for
anything in my present state,  but I had to rest somewhere anyway,
and I knew I might not get a chance like this again soon.

     Half an hour later, rested and a little more mobile, I began
my search.  I had found a knife in the kitchenette of Molly's
trailer and used it to cut the ribbon that held my thumbs together.
With my hands still taped up, it didn't free me by a long shot, but
at least I could raise my arms now and use my thumbs to open
drawers and such.

     Being familiar with Molly's trailer, it didn't take me long to
find what I was looking for: a strong manila envelope tucked into
some old scrapbooks.  And everything I needed was right there!  A
birth certificate from some county in Utah that I'd never heard of,
where one Kitty O'Malley, passing through with a troupe of
acrobats, had delivered her daughter Molly.  There were
photographs, of mother and daughter that cinched the whole thing;
The  Kitty O'Malley in these pictures was obviously the one that
Uncle Hubert's detectives were looking for, and the girl with her
was just as obviously her daughter Molly!

     It was all here, everything I needed.  And it was in just the
right package, too!  Without this stuff, much as they might
suspect, no one could prove that Molly was really Uncle Hubert's
bastard child.  With it, the proof would stand up anywhere.

     And I had it all, right in my hands, to do whatever I wanted
with!

     For just a second, I forgot all about my present condition. I
forgot that I was feminized, bound, bare breasted and bare-assed,
bridled speechless and hobbling about on my knees.  For that brief
moment, I was Martin Howard all over again, a man of wealth and
status, with infinite possibilities stretching out before him:
Should I take this stuff to my greedy relatives and let them bid to
buy my silence?  Or should I play the hero and be the one to bring
the long-lost daughter back to the arms of her dying, loving, and
financially grateful repentant  father?  Either way, I was going to
be richer than I ever had been before.  All I had to do was tell
She Devil that I'd had enough of Circus Life, drop out of the
troupe and disappear, only to resurface in a few days as my real
self.

     Well, I decided, all things considered I might as well be Mr.
Nice Guy and tell Molly about her inheritance and help her prove
her claim to it.  Besides, that would give me a chance to see She
Devil again, and find out if she'd respond to me as I really was: 
A man!

     Sighing through my open-mouth tube, I decided I'd better
replace the envelope and try to sneak back to my trailer.  Still in
my uncomfortable bondage (a little easier now with my arms not
bound together, but still awfully awkward)  I pranced my ass beck
to the scrapbook and, clutching the envelope as best I could with
my thumb and taped fist, began putting it back.

                           PART THREE

     Even if I hadn't been gagged, I'd have been speechless with
shock as I spun around to see who had crept up behind me so
quietly.  And even if I hadn't been already bound, I'd still have
been motionless with guilty terror as I crouched there, incredibly
feminine and incredibly helpless, my big pink breasts and ass
exposed to the world, and looked up into the smiling face of my gay
cousin Roderick!
     "Hello Martin," he beamed, tucking the envelope into his
pocket and pulling out a small, shiny pistol,  "Or is it Mattie
now?  I must say I like your appearance much better now.  And your
taste in clothing is positively captivating!  That is the way you
feel now, isn't it?  Captivated?  I think I'll keep you that way
from now on!"
     He sat down on the edge of the bed, still smiling at me and
casually holding the pistol.  I felt myself redden under his gaze
as his eyes swept up and down shamefully displayed femininity until
I was positively burning with embarrassment and helpless
humiliation.  Miserably unable to speak or run away, I pressed my
legs together as best I could and crossed my taped fists over my
massive titties.
     "Good idea!"  Roderick chuckled.  Then suddenly he reached
into another pocket and pulled out two pairs of handcuffs.  Before
I knew it, be had secured my left wrist to my right forearm vice
versa, so that my arms were permanently crossed in front of my
curvaceous bare chest.  I looked up at him in wonder.
     "That's just to make sure you keep still while I  tell you
what's going to happen," he explained, sitting back down.  So that
you'll know exactly what's going to become of you and our bastard
cousin and how helpless you are to prevent any of it.
     "You see.  I suspected back in New York that you were up to
something, and the way your appearance was changing (I mean you
can't hide a thing like a sex change from a judge of the male form
like me!) really piqued my curiosity.  So the day after you left.
I broke into your apartment and began looking through your
records!"
     My eyes widened in shock as he continued:
     "It was quite an interesting story I pieced together," he
said,  "What with your detectives tracing Uncle Hubert's long lost
daughter to this all female circus and you feminizing yourself to
join the show undercover, so to speak.  And I must say that the
detail about putting Uncle Hubert's detectives on a false trail so
you could have a few weeks to investigate things on your own showed
surprising intelligence -- coming from you, I mean."
     "But I've decided on a little variation of my own.  Would you
like to hear it, you gorgeous, feminine thing you?.  Of course you
would!  Well, in a few minutes, when that Molly person comes in the
door, I'm going to shoot her!  I've been practicing quite a bit, so
there shouldn't be any difficulty at all in killing her with one
shot, and her act finishes first tonight, so there won't be anyone
in the area to hear it," he twirled the gun playfully.  "Dead eye
Roderick, that's me!  But you won't be awake to appreciate my
marksmanship."
     He reached into his pockets once more with his free hand and
drew out a small hypodermic syringe!  I shivered in dread as he
went on to outline his plans for me:
     "You'll be sound asleep by that time, my Dear.  That way, you
won't give me any trouble when I untape those lovely hands of yours
(by the way, it was very considerate of you to put yourself up like
that for my benefit!  I'm thrilled to discover that you're into
bondage too, because that's just how I like my men: bound and
feminized!  But I digress, don't I?).  When I untape those lovely
hands of yours and put your fingerprints all over the gun, which
I'll leave here.
     "And you?  Well I'm going to wait until very late, then spirit
your sleeping form out to my car and off to a hospital near here
where I've arranged for Mattie Huntington to have a little plastic
surgery!  Oh, nothing major; just enough so that no one will
recognize you when I bring you back to New York and introduce you
as my bride who I picked up in Florida -- which is where everyone
thinks I am now, boating!  Don't fret so, Beautiful!  I know that
being my Terribly Submissive Wife will take some getting used to,
but since the Police will all be searching for Martin Howard for
the murder of this girl Holly, I think you'll find it much better
than the alternative!  Can you imagine life in a Southwestern
Prison?  In your condition?"
     "No, there's no sense in you moaning like that;  I'm not going
to ungag you and let you argue with me.  I've gone to too much
trouble in the surrounding area here convincing everyone that I'm
you!  It wasn't easy buying  all the forged identification and
such, but believe there is now a very convincing trail of evidence
to put you right in this spot and me a thousand,miles away.  I even
bought this gun in your name!  And oh yes, the Relatives are going
to pay a pretty penny for me removing both you and your Cousin in
one deft stroke.
     He picked up the syringe, putting his thumb on the plunger and
leaned forward.
     "Sleepy-time,  Sweetheart!" he laughed, "when you wake up,
Martin Howard will be a wanted fugitive and You will he my Bondage
Bride!  Now hold still while I slip this needle under your
breast... Uh--Wha-- ?
     Just at that moment the door opened and She Devil entered.
Roderick hesitated for an instant, the syringe poised in his hand
as he tried to figure out what to do now.
     And in that instant, I leaned forward, on top of the hand
holding the syringe, plunging it deep into his thigh and squeezing
the plunger!  He squealed, looked sharply at me, then his eyes went
soft and he collapsed with a tired moan.
     She Devil looked back and forth between us, her green eyes
flashing.
     "Just what the Hell is going on here?" she demanded.
     Ooohruuughuu!"  I gurgled through my gag.
                           * * * * * *
     It was two hours later.  She Devil and I were in her trailer,
looking at the cold inert form of my late Cousin Roderick.
     "Guess his heart just couldn't take it," She Devil said. "Too
bad for him.  And for you too, come to think of it"
     I was huddled shaking on the overstuffed chair in She Devil's
tiny living room, wrapped in a housecoat of flame colored satin
that she had thoughtfully given me after she'd untied me and we'd
carried my Cousin's body over here unseen.  I had told her
everything:  All about myself, my real sex and identity and what I
was doing here -- even my mixed motives in assuming this disguise.
I was Just too shaken up to hold anything back.
     And now I looked at her in fresh consternation.

     "Me too?" I squeaked.  "What do you mean?"

     "In case you haven't noticed, Babe," She Devil explained
coolly, "We're got a dead body here: one that's going to have to be
explained to the Police.  Said body has a hole from a needle in his
thigh and your fingerprints are all over the syringe!"

     "B-but you said he-he died of a heart attack." I stammered.

     "For all I know. it could just as easily be an overdose," She
Devil replied. "And from what you said this joker ran around buying
everything in your name.  So when the Police see him, they're going
to start putting motive, method, and opportunity together real
fast!"

     "But you saw it"  I protested.  "You saw me... him..."

     "What I saw went by so fast I could not even figure it out,"
she countered.  "Not that the cops would buy my story any way.
They'd probably just figure me for an Accessory!  No, thank you!"

     "But then-then what are we going to do?" I whimpered pulling
the satin housecoat tighter over my smooth, bare, feminine flesh as
I curled my shapely legs beneath me for warmth.  "I-I can't let
them arrest me for murder!  I can't let anyone know I've been here
like-like this!"

     "Steady girl."  She Devil cautioned.  "There Just might be a
way to get us both off the hook for your cousin's murder without
giving anything away about your work here -- Or your disguise!
It'll take a lot of work and a lot of sacrifice on your part, but
I think we can carry it off.  And like you said your cousin told
you:  It'll be better than a stretch in prison for murder... in
your condition!"

     "Anything," I assented eagerly.  "Any thing would be better 
than that!  What's your idea?"

     "Just this:" she said. "This Roderick guy went through a lot
of trouble, you said, to leave everyone in this area convinced he
was you, Martin Howard.  Even if we knew what all he'd done, we
could probably never erase it.  So whatever happens, when they find
this stiff, the Police are going to know that Martin Howard was in
this vicinity.  So what if we carry your cousin Roderick's
impersonation of you a step further?"

     "Wh-what do you mean?" I asked.

     "Just this," She Devil explained.  "You two are roughly the
same build and hair color, and from what you've told me, neither.
one of you has any fillings, so there won't be any dental records
to check.  So what do you think the Police would figure if they
found a body -- mangled beyond recognition -- dressed in your
clothes and carrying your identification?"

     "Wh-why, they'd think it was me, I guess," I said. "Especially
since there would be local records and witnesses who thought they'd
seen me in this area!  But-but how on earth could we ever explain
that mark on his body or-or what you said about him being mangled?"

     "Easy!"  She Devil smiled. "Molly's cats!  They seem gentle
enough with her, but they just hate strange men!  We could even rub
some fish oil over the hands and face, to make sure they give those
parts a good going over!"

     I shivered in horror at the thought.  But I could see her
awful logic:  If the Police found my cousin Roderick dead here, and
me here also, in disguise, they couldn't help but think I'd killed
him; but if they found a body they thought was me, and could piece
together stories from witnesses to "prove" that I'd just arrived
here and met with an accident in the cats' cage... Then they
wouldn't be looking for me at all!.  I'd be perfectly safe!.  But
there was another problem:

     "She Devil," I said, "One other thing: As soon as word of my
'death' gets out, I'm not going to be able to be me any more! Where
will I go?  What will I do?

     "I thought you'd get around to that," She Devil replied,
"Well, I owe you something, maybe, for not letting that gay cousin
of yours shoot me.  And I definitely owe you something for lying to
me, getting this whole set up into this fix, and trying to rob poor
Molly of her inheritance--"

     "But I wasn't going to--"

     "Quiet!"  She Devil snapped.  "So I figure you can stay on
here as one of the girls for awhile.  It won't be the easy life you
were used to, but it'll be meals and a roof over your head until
you decide you'd like to try something different.  It'll beat jail,
I bet."

     "You'd do that for me?"  I asked, relieved to be seeing a way
out of all this at last.  "You'd let me stay here and work for
you?"

     "Oh, you'll be working all right," She Devil smirked.  "You
may not like all of it, but you can always leave and try something
else if you're too unhappy here, and you wouldn't get that choice
in prison.  But there's one other thing, from what you've said,
when word of Martin Howard's death gets out, those detectives that
you and your Uncle hired are going to come down on this place like
a pack of hungry hounds.  They'Il find your cousin Molly, of
course, and take her off to be reunited with her rich Daddy.  No
problem there but while they're here, and we don't know for sure
when they'll be coming or how long they'll stay, we've got to make
sure they don't recognize you or take any pictures of you that
someone else might be able to identify.  In other words, we've got
to disguise you even more than you are now.  Enough so that no one
will ever recognize you!"

     "But, how will we do that?"

     "Let's take care of this thing first."

     She Devil nudged the body of my late Cousin with the toe of
her high-heeled shiny black leather boot, then looked up at me.
"Then we'Il go see Lila, the Tattoed Lady!"

                           * * * * * *

     The detectives were a couple of overweight tired looking guys
sweating in the unaccustomed heat, but they had brought along with
them a sharp looking female attorney from a local branch of the
firm that handles my uncle's business.  I opened the door for them,
and curtseyed in my short skirted maid's uniform, my eyes downcast
demurely, trying not to feel the hot stares of the two men as their
eyes fastened on my dark, shapely legs, and the tops of my enormous
breasts.  They were round, brown, and more than amply displayed by
the low cut decolletage of my uniform.

     "Madame!"

     I turned to She Devil and curtseyed again, as I had been
taught to do, while I made the formal announcement.

     "Zee Detectives are 'eer!"

     "Thank you, Yvette."

     She Devil nodded to me condescendingly.  "Why don't you fix us
all drinks while we chat?"  She turned to her guests, "so what else
can I do for you?"

     "Nothing much, Ma'am,"  the older of the two replied, ogling
openly at me even as he spoke to She Devil. 

     "Or I guess not right now, anyway.  Miss, er Ms., Bidwell here 
just thought we should go over things one last time before we leave
with Miss O'Malley to make sure there was nothing left out of your
statement."

     I felt the still unfamiliar stiffness of my coarse, kinky
black hair as I bent my head over the drinks, trying to listen,
even as my dark hands, with their slightly lighter palms, stirred
a pitcher full of gin and vermouth.

     "Everything should be there," She Devil said calmly, relaxing
in her chair. 

     "From what you've said, that Martin Howard must have learned
something about Molly's real father and come down here trying to
find her himself.  Why he went into the Cat Cage is something of a
mystery, though."

     "From what the Police said, there were Narcotics in his system
at the time of his death."  The older detectives' eyes widened a
bit as I pirouetted gracefully in my high heels (it had been a
bitch learning to walk in them) and minced over to the company
balancing my tray of drinks.

     His voice caught in his throat as I had to turn my back to him
and serve the female attorney, who was eyeing my scanty costume
critically and pursing her lips in undisguised disapproval at the
expanse of my dark colored skin left uncovered.

     "His uncle told us that Martin was kind of a wild, high living
guy, so we figure maybe he did a few lines of Coke and wasn't
thinking too clear when he went in there," the detective went on as
soon as he had recovered from the sight of my panty clad ass, as I
bent over, as seen from the rear.  I had begged She Devil not to
make wear such tiny white lace panties with this short 'skirt', but
my pleas had fallen on deaf ears as she had insisted that I appear
in them.  I dutifully turned and offered the detective a drink as
he went on.

     "He also he had a gun with him, so maybe he figured he could
use it before those cats..,  uh down here Honey, my arm's a little
stiff and I can't raise it too high."

     I felt myself blushing hotly beneath my newly acquired dark
cheeks as I bent lower to offer him the tray of drinks, giving him
an unobstructed view down the front of my dress, even as I was
treating his partner to the panorama of my scantilty clad ebony
ass. Then I had to whirl around and go through the whole thing
again with the other guy!.

     "Better bend down a little lower Hon, I'm stiff too," he
leered, "what'd you say your name was?"

     "Sorry," I said in the baby doll voice She Devil had made me
work on until it was perfect, "but I do not understand zee English
too well yet!"

     "Her name's Yvette," She Devil answered, giving me a secret
smile as I turned to her with the last of the drinks, "she's from
Algeria, and she doesn't speak too much English yet."

     "And just how did she happen to emigrate to this part of the
world?"  Ms. Bidwell asked sweetly, with an underlying sharpness
that unsettled my nerves.  But She Devil was ready for her.

     "She advertised for an American husband," she told her.  "I'm
sure you've heard about those things.  You see, girls like her,
dark skinned with a French father and a native mother aren't
treated very well in her part of the world, so she decided to take
a risk and come over here as the bride of a man she'd 
never met. Well, I won't go into details, but it didn't work out, 
and the authorities were going to ship her back until I offered her 
a job with me.  As you can see, she's extremely devoted and 
grateful to me."

     "So I noticed," Ms. Bidwell said, finishing her drink, "but I
think we're through here now.  I'll just go and see if Molly is
packed yet.  Then we're going into the City to buy her some new
clothes before I take her back to New York.  I can't tell you how
intensely Hr. Howard is looking forward to seeing his daughter at
long last."

     "I can imagine," Fellna smiled.  "Of course, we'll miss Molly,
but we're all so happy for her, going off to be rich and
everything."  They all rose, the detectives still eyeing me
wistfully, and moved to the door. 

     "And if we can do anything more for you, just let us know."

     Once they were gone, Fellina turned to me with a triumphant
smile.

     "It worked," she said, "They won't be looking for you now!"

     "Humph!" I pouted, putting my hands on my hips.  "They were
too busy looking at me to be bothered looking for me!  I can't wait
to get out of these skimpy outfits and into some real clothes for
a change."

     "Oh! I meant to tell you about that," She Devil said, "I gave
most of your clothes to Molly.  Her Lion Tamer outfits simply
weren't appropriate to wear out anywhere, and you were really the
only girl in Camp with very much of a sensible wardrobe in anything
close to her size, so I told her just to take your things.  I think
she's driving off with them now."

     Shocked, I spun around to see Molly getting into a car with
Ms. Bidwell, wearing the clothes I had worn on my first day here
and carrying my suitcase.

     "But She Devil!" I protested.  "What will I wear?  How much of
my stuff did you give her?"

     "Don't worry,"  She Devil patted my bottom reassuringly.

     "I left you all your delicate undies and a few of your lighter
nighties, plus your taller high heels and fancy stockings, and your
other two maid uniforms, of course!"

     "But I can't go any place in those clothes," I whined.

     "Look at me!" I gestured down at the vast expanse of freshly
stained skin that the silly black satin and white lace maid's
uniform left on display, regreting that Lila had been so proficient
at her skin dying art.  My lips had been slightly enlarged by her
tattooing needle.  Even the shape of my nose had been altered by
tiny hollow plugs implanted in my nostrils.  I was a Black girl
now, down South, and with only the most outlandishly feminine
attire to wear!

     "It'll be OK," She Devil said soothingly.  "I'll order some
new clothes for you, once we decide what you're going to be doing
here and what clothes you'll need for it!  There should be enough
money left in Mattie Huntington's checking account to cover
whatever we buy.  I'll have to cash your checks on Mattie's
driver's license!  But that reminds me, you'd better go over to
your trailer and gather up whatever Molly left you and bring it
over here. Lila's got a buyer for her old trailer and she's anxious
to move into yours."

     I sighed, remembering that I'd had to sign over my brand new
luxuriously equipped trailer to Lila as payment to her for... for 
doing this to me!  Well, at least I could live at She Devil's.

     "Hurry back!"  She Devil called as I minced out the door, "I'm
anxious to discuss your new duties with you and see where you might
fit into any of the acts.  Also," she lowered her voice and one
eyelid as she continued, "I just can't wait to feel those plump
sexy lips of yours on me again!"

     Once again, I felt that ache in my between my legs.  But it
was somehow different now.  There was less of a sense of frustrated
male longing in the masculine organ beneath the false cover lately.
Whenever I was horny I now felt hot and squirmy down there but, as
long as that thing was sewn onto my crotch, there wasn't a thing I
could do about it!  My last few sessions with She Devil had been
like sweet agony as I writhed with desire for her.  She interpreted
it as increased passion on my part, and she would speak to me as we
made love, in that soft, lulling voice of hers that always made me
feel so relaxed and refreshed afterwards, although I could never
remember what it was that she said to me.  Those sessions were
still delightful, even in my current state, but for some reason it
seemed I was becoming enthralled with my present condition.

     And there wasn't a thing I could do about it!
                          * * * * * * 
     I strutted across the brightly lighted arena, hearing the
crowd murmur as Lasha, the Whip Woman, stood by her rack of
carefully measured,  meticulously arranged whips and eyed me
carefully.

     And I was quite an eyeful!.  For starters, there was a leather
hood over my head that laced tightly, outlining my features and
form fitting my skull, allowing just two slits for the eyes and a 
small black mesh near the mouth for breathing.  Below this, I wore
a specially designed black leather blouse, one that lifted and
emphasized my proud breasts while totally concealing them, and
nipped in my waist delightfully.

     Below this was my skirt, also  of black leather, ruffled and
flaring playfully out from my legs so that it covered me only down
to about mid-thigh.

     Then there were the thigh length black leather boots,
bizarrely high heeled and laced all the way up my shapely legs, a
perfect match for the tight, shoulder length black leather gloves
that fit my arm like a second skin.  I was a swaying, strutting, 
inky dream in black leather, and the crowd gasped in anticipation
as I carried my tray of drinks across the arena, on a course that
would cut directly in front of Lasha, standing ready only twenty
feet away.

     *SNAP!*

     The bottle was suddenly gone from my tray.  I kept walking.

     *SNAP!*

     One glass gone.

     *SNAP!*

     The other glass gone.

     *SNAP!  SNAP!*

     Suddenly the tray was knocked from my hands and sent skimming
crazily overhead, only to be shattered into pieces like a clay
pigeon by Lasha's whip.  On cue, I froze and turned to look up at
it.
     *WWWHHHHAAACCCKKKK!!!!*

     Like some incredibly swift, incredibly strong serpent, Lasha's
whip had coiled itself around my knees, snapping loudly but
harmlessly on my leather covered thigh.  In an instant, she had
dropped it and was already sending another one streaking out at me.
Remembering the instructions, I had raised my hands to my ears as
soon as the first whip had snapped.

     *WWWAAAA----AAACCCKKKK!!!*

     Lasha's second whip, even longer than the first, had wrapped
itself around head, pinning my leather covered palms to my ears,
covering my eye slits so that I could not see, and landing with a
pain less but head ringing crack!

     I stood there a moment, standing about prettily in my high
heeled boots for the appreciative crowd.  There wasn't much else I
could do... not with my knees pinned together by the first whip and
my arms forcibly upraised, hands bound to my head by the second
one! I made what halting, stilted steps I could, feeling my breasts
and bottom sway as I tugged at my whip bonds, sensing the swish of
my leather skirt as I struggled in vain.

     *WWHHHEEEWWWAAACCCKKK!!*

     Another whip struck, this one just catching the top of my
specially designed leather skirt.  It broke away at the proper
places and whisked off my now naked hips, exposing my black bottom
and feminine loins to the crowd.

     *WWHHEEEEAAACCKKK!!*

     A matching blow, right on the heels of the first, this one
stripping my specially constructed leather blouse from me, so that
my gleaming dark torso was now completely exposed, my bare breasts
glistening with sweat, their prominence magnified by the way my
elbows were forcibly raised, my round brown bottom jiggling
helplessly above the tops of my thigh length leather boots as I
tried to mince around in my high heels, knee bound and totally
blind.

     *SNAP!*SNAP!*SNAP*  SNAP-SNAP!!*

     Now came the most delicate part of Lasha's exhibition.  For
she was whipping me in public!  Her touch with the mean looking
black snake was so skillful that all I felt were mild stinging
slaps as it cracked against my breasts, back, and buttocks, but 
the noise, and my twisting, jerking movements must have given the 
impression of an incredibly painful, merciless beating!


     *C-C-C-R-R-A-A-A-C-C-K-K!!!*

     The sound overhead was our prearranged signal for me to bend
way over.  The long, strong, imitation ponytai1 anchored to the top
of my discipline helmet now hung down in front of my shins and --

     With a single deft stroke, Lasha bound my ponytail to my legs,
keeping me forcibly bent-over.

     And now she started to work on my upturned buttocks in
earnest.  Ouch!  That was a little too realistic!  Ouch!  That one
really stung!  Eeek!  Another one!

     Totally incapable of freeing myself,  my knees pinioned
together, my hands bound to my head, and now my head bound to my
legs, I hobbled forward as best I could, trying to avoid those
painful snaps of the whip, trying to keep from falling over, trying
to forget that I was letting everyone in the world watch me,
feminized, black, bound, and now beaten!

     At last, it was over, and I was in the safety of our trailer
once again, curled up in She Devil's arms as she rubbed soothing
ointment into my inflamed butt.

     "Ooooh!  I moaned.  "It was horrible.  Oh, She Devil, I can't
do that again!  Ever!  I just can't go through with it!"

     "There, there, Little Dark One," she cooed, easing the pain
and my humiliation.  "You won't have to!  The act really wasn't as
exciting as I thought it was going to be, anyway.  (There, there
now.)  I guess there just wasn't enough contrast between your skin
and that black leather outfit to provide enough visual impact. 
It's a shame you had to spend so much money on a custom made
leather outfit that you can't use anymore,  but that's all right.
We'll just find something else for you to do.  For now, though, why
don't you come down here  a  moment... that's right, right between
my legs Darling!  I cooled down your flaming bottom, now maybe you
can kiss out my fire, hmmm?"

     It was almost instinctive of me now to go down on She Devil
whenever she asked.  It was like a hunger or a conditioned reflex.
Kneeling there between her legs, I once again felt the frustrating
ache of my own male urges, confined for so long beneath this ersatz
pussy.  But I also felt the tingle of lesbian excitement in my
breasts and loins, and I knew that somehow I must do whatever she
suggested.

                           * * * * * *

     In the dark cubicle I crouched, ready to spring out the minute
the buzzer sounded.  Ready for action!  I was wearing a white, one
piece bathing suit, white knee stockings and tennis shoes, white
rubber gloves, and, to top it all off, a white rubber bathing cap,
strapped tightly over my head. "That ought to be plenty of visual
contrast, I told myself grimly as I waited for the signal.
     BUZZZZZZZZZZ!
     The sound coincided with my door springing open and my nimble
leap out into the arena.  As the crowd applauded, I raced for the
Safety Zone on the far side of the field.  For this was an old
fashioned Calf-Roping Contest.
     And I was the Calf!
     Well, it wasn't quite so old fashioned.  As I sped across the
field, I heard the dirt-bikes of the two Round-Up Girls roar into
life as they devoured the earth, charging towards me, their lariats
coiling overhead.
     But I was way ahead of them; almost there, in fact!  Just a
few more yards.  I turned my head to see how far back they were.
     Was that a mistake!  I almost froze in terror as I saw the
powerful dirt-bike barrelling down on me.  It was coming straight
at me!  Panicking, I leaped aside to avoid it, and fell face down
in the sawdust.
     WHOOM! It zoomed around me and I felt something close on my
wrist:  A noose!
     All at once I was being tugged back into the Round-Up Girls
section.  Desperately, I pulled at the noose with my free hand,
running forward to give myself enough slack to loosen it and ...
there!.... pull free!

     But not for long.  As I turned and raced towards the Safety
Line, I heard the roar of twin dirt bikes behind me once more.  Two
lariats snaked out with alarming precision and caught my wrists,
one in the other!

     And now the Round-Up Girls raced around me in a skillful
serpentine, coiling the strong white rope around and around,
twisting my arms against my torso and imprisoning them in yards of
rope.

     Suddenly GirI #1 was off her bike, holding both ends of the
rope in her hands and knotting them securely.  I noted with some
embarrassment that my arms and the coiled ropes were directly
underneath my massive brown breasts, pushing them out into even
greater prominence.

     But there was no time to worry about that now!  Girl #1 had
reached quickly down to my ankle and lifted, tipping me neatly off
my feet.  I gasped as I hit the sawdust, only to see that she was
securing another loop around my ankle !

     I kicked!  I twisted!  I squirmed!  But it was all to no
avail.  Before I could do anything about it,  Girl #1 had my leg
bent and my ankle secured to a loop of rope at my wrist.  And she
was starting on my other ankle!

     I struggled even harder this time, but with even less result.
In no time at all, my second ankle was secured behind my back, both
knees bent sharply, and my upper body secured in a cocoon of white
rope.

     But they weren't finished yet by a long shot!  Smiling
mockingly down at me, Girl #1 forced another strand of rope between
my lips and pulled, bending my head sharply backwards as she
secured the ends of this one to my back, down near my shoulder
blades.

     And then I felt myself being lifted into standing position--
standing on my knees, that is!  Girl #1 was holding me upright with
one hand and flicking my bottom with a riding quirt held in the
other, urging me to march forward on my knees as best I could. 
With my arms pinioned, ankles tied to my waist, mouth open and head
bent way back, there was nothing I could do to resist her commands.
Dutifully, I turned this way and that so. she could show me off to
the audience, and even when Girl #2 ripped my bathing suit from me,
there was nothing I could do about it except blush even harder as
the smiling girls displayed my black skinned, rope wrapped,
feminine charms to  the hot eyed men in the stands.

                           * * * * * *

"It's no good."  I heard Girl #1 mutter as they carried me off.
"She's just not fast enough to give us any challenge!"

     "Oh well," Girl #2 sighed philosophlcally.  "I suppose She
Devil will find something for her to do!"

     "Now Martin," She Devil lectured as I sat, miserably naked, on
the chair in Lila's trailer (which used to be my trailer!) while
Lila soldered the last of the copper coils around my neck.  "I know
this maybe isn't what you would have chosen to do... if you had a
choice, that is!  But it's really the only thing for you now, and
since we spent every last penny of your money buying the equipment
for this thing, the best thing for you to do is reconcile yourself
to it and try to make the best of it!"

     "It won't be so bad," Lila encouraged, the bright patterns on
her skin a kaleidoscope behind me.  "After all, your set is very
nicely equipped, these rings are rounded and loose enough to be
comfortable, and that thingamajig I wired into your front teeth can
be removed by any competent dentist in only an hour or so.

     "That's right," She Devil chimed in.  "And don't forget the
post-hypnotic treatments I've given you to help you through your
routine!  You might even end up enjoying this!"

     "All finished!"  Lila proclaimed.  "Take a look at the New
You, Martin!"

     Nervously, I forced myself up off the chair and over to the
mirror, my arms crossed shyly over my naked brown feminine body.
That was one thing She Devil had done: her post-hypnotic
suggestions had made me super modest, and even here, in the privacy
of a trailer with two other women, I felt like melting into one
huge blush of embarrassment over my naked ebony tits and ass and
the uncovered expanse of smooth brown legs that I kept shifting in
a futile attempt to the conceal the artificial, but very real
looking, vagina that nestled between them.  But the face I saw in
the mirror, even though I had been expecting it, was even worse!

     Starting at the top, my hair, treated somehow so that it was
now coarse and black, had been braided into neat corn rows and
laced with beads in intriguing patterns.  Next, my neck, from
shoulders to chin, had been encircled with bands of shiny copper,
soldered at the back, of graduated widths, wide at the bottom and
narrowing towards the top to give my neck an elongated look.  But
most startling of all, some sort of rigid objects had been tucked
in front of my gums, wired to my teeth, and somehow fused to my
lips forcing them to protrude in a bizarre, duck-like fashion. 
Just like the women in primitive African Tribes used to look in
National Geographic!

     My reflection showed that more had been done to my nose.  It
was now flat, very broad, and upturned.  Any observers view would
be drawn to it by the prominent gold hoop dangling from my
nostrils, that obviously pierced my septum.  Now when had that been
put there?

     My unbelieving eyes took in the whole strangely sensuous
sight.  For despite its peculiar appearance, my face was somehow
undeniably erotic!  The aboriginal cast of my reconstructed
countenance seemed to agree with the femaleness of the rest of me.
I was reminded for a moment of the diaries of early African
explorers, in which they speak of the almost surreal beauty of the
native women and, looking at myself now, I understood for the first
time what they were talking about:  I was totally unrecognizable,
more animal than human.  Yet I was also incredibly feminine and
sexy.  The nervous, trembling, doe-like shyness that She Devil had
induced in my deportment and mannerisms only complemented the
impression!

     I looked away from the totally transformed creature in the
mirror and tried to tell the girls that I couldn't, under any
circumstances, go through with this!

     "Uhmooga moo!" I said, "Mmmughamugha!"  The stiff slats that
stretched out my lips clicked when I tried to speak.

     "Calm down now Martin," She Devil patted my naked mahogany
fanny, bottom causing me to start nervously.  "You know you can't
be understood with that thing wired in your mouth!  Now let's hurry
out to your set.  I'm supposed to interview a new contortionist in
a few minutes and I want to make sure you're all taken care of
before the show.  Come on now, scoot!"

     Positively dying of embarrassment, I allowed them to push me
out the door of the trailer into the mercifully dark night.  I
scampered desperately across the grounds towards my set.  It was
awful, having to run stark naked through the night like that.  I
raised my knees high, scissoring my shapely brown legs as fast as
I could, my hands fanned out in front of me for just a little
protection from all the eyes that I sensed on me.  With each step,
I felt my nude bottom sway from side to side while my bare breasts
bounced shamefully in front of me until at last I reached the
dubious safety of my set.

     Ah yes, my "set". This was circus talk for the background,
props, or theatrical settings that were used by the various
performers to make their acts more dramatic and convincing.

     Mine was a cage.

     I slipped in through an opening in the 4x4x6 foot square cage.
It was made of iron bars mounted on a two foot high elevated
platform.  She Devil then locked the door behind me so that I
wouldn't have to worry about anyone else getting in.  I crouched in
a corner with my hands in front of me and looked around at my new
home.

     It was quite elaborate.  For a cage that is!  The fresh straw
on the floor covered the lid of a portable toilet, and there was a
shower mounted in the ceiling complete with a propane hot water
tank, so at least I'd be able to keep myself clean.  That was very
important to the customers.

     There were also lights and speakers mounted in the ceiling, to
keep me well illuminated, and speakers that kept whispering
something at a subliminal level that I could never quite hear. 
They could also be made to play music that... but  I'll tell you
about that later.  For now I just sat there quietly melting with
shame as She Devil wished me luck.

     "I just know you'll be a hit with the crowd tonight!"  She
smiled, "Well, I gotta run and open the gates and see about that
new girl.  Later on tonight, after everyone's gone, I'll let you
out and you can come back to our trailer to sleep.  Bye now!"

     And she was gone.  Leaving me alone.  In a cage.  Planted
right inside the gate that led to the arena, where all the curious
and horny men and women would be passing by.  Attached to the
platform on which my cage was mounted, there were free condom
dispensers, and a little switch to turn the music on.  Above this
switch there was a short massage about how women of my primitive
tribe had been conditioned to respond to a drum beat during
fertility rites, and how the men of the jungle lured us out of the
forests with these drums.  Over my head, there was another sign. 
It read:

                   JUNGLE CAPTIVE WILD WOMAN!

     As the well dressed men and women began to trickle in, I
crouched there, eyes wide, trembling, arms crossed tightly over my
humiliating nude brown body.  They stopped to stare. And comment:

     "Look at that...  Check those tits:... Disgusting, if you ask
me!  This from a lady with long legs and a rather small bosom. 
Come around here and look at this ass!"

     "Why, she's nothing more than an animal!"

     "I dunno: See those lips?  I'll bet she could suck the chrome
off a bumper hitch!"

     "Poke her with your stick, Lloyd, and see if she'll move. 
Wow! look at her jump!

     "Did you see those bazongas bounce?"

     "She moves like a deer!"

     There was quite a crowd around me now, admiring my shamefully
naked body and speculating on my sexual prowess.  A couple of the
bolder men, urged on by their tipsy friends, opened their flies,
and I recoiled in horror as I watched them slip rubbers over stiff
cocks.  Then someone flipped the music switch, and the speaker
started drumming out a rhythmic, syncopated, Africanized version of
"Bolero".  I felt She Devil's post hypnotic suggestion trigger my
subconscious.

     Suddenly all I could think of was getting at those cocks!

     I crawled on my knees, thrusting my body up to the bars,
pressing my erect nipples against the cold metal and rubbing my
imitation vagina suggestively up and down the bars of my cell.
Then, on inspiration, I worked myself into a corner so that I could
press my bare ass out one side and my extended lips out the other.
The whole crowd laughed at my antics, but I didn't care, I just had
to feel those cocks inside me!

     At one point I knelt there, utilizing the artificial vagina in
a pretty good imitation of a real one, getting fucked by, what felt
like, a rather large cock.  I wondered at how the customer could
fit it in the artificial pussy and, once there, not be able to tell
the difference.  I puzzled over the sensations that seemed to be
emanating from my fake feamle sex organs.  How was it that I seemed
to be able to feel that hard penis inside me and how could it be
possible for a rubber pussy to feel moist and hot.  I didn't wonder
about these things for long though.  A condom covered cock
presented itself in front of my face and it might as well have been
a chocolate covered cherry.  I took it between my stretched and
fleshy lips.  I savored the sensation as I forced the head down my
throat.  All I could think about was how much I wanted, no!, how
much I needed cock.

     Much later.  All the customers were gone and I was once again
shyly crouched in my cage, humiliated and aching.  She Devil
approached, smiling warmly.

     "Well, I must say, Martin," she sparkled, "You were a real
sensation tonight!  Whew, what a smell!  Go ahead and shower off
and I'll be back in a little while to release you.  I have to
arrange things a little more with that contortionist.  Rubber Rita,
she calls herself, and it sure fits!  But anyway, get yourself all
cleaned up, like a good girl, and I'll come and get you.  I know
you probably don't feel like sex again tonight, but I thought it
might be kind of nice to have you suck my toes while I watch TV and
play with myself!  Well, see you later!

     Weeks went by.  Or was it Months?  It seemed I was losing
track of time lately.

     And so was She Devil!  She should have let me out of this cage
hours ago!  But she's been spending so much time lately with Rubber
Rita that I...  Well, the more time those two are together, the
more time I spend stuck, naked in this cage taking handouts of food
from any girls who, happen to pass by, and trying to hide my
shameful nudity at the same time.  Oh, I wished she'd get here and
let me out of this, so I could at least hide in her trailer and put
a towel or something over these big, brown, female curves!  Where
was she?

     Huddled there in my little cage, between the trailers, I
looked around once more for something else to think about to pass
the time.  Anything was better than just sitting around in this
pile of straw!  Rita's trailer was on one side of me, and I thought
I heard the sound of someone going in, through the open window on
my side.  Yes!  There were two women talking.  And one of them was
She Devil!  What was she saying?

     And then the Round-Up Girls, on the other side of me, came in
and turned on their television.  Their trailer was situated so that
I could see the program they were watching as well as hear it.  It
was something called LIFESTYLES OF THE FILTHY RICH, and the loud
drone of the announcer's voice drowned out the conversation from
Rita's trailer, so that I could only catch snatches of it when he
paused.

     "... look lovely tonight, She Devil!  I just can't resist the
sight of you this way! But tell me about..."

     "TONIGHT WE'LL BE TALKING WITH MOLLY HOWARD, IN HER FABULOUS
EAST-COAST MANSION! BUT IT WASN'T ALWAYS FINE FURS AND ELEGANT
RESTAURANTS FOR OUR MOLLY! FOR YEARS SHE WORKED IN A CIRCUS, AN
ORPHAN ABANDONED AT BIRTH!"

     "... Martin? I call him Mwumba now!  Kind of fits, doesn't it?
And I didn't find him, Rita Darling, I made him what he is!  Would
you believe he used to be just another ...

     "MAN-HANDLING TIGERS WAS JUST ONE OF MOLLY'S JOB UNTIL SHE WAS
DISCOVERED AS THE LONG LOST DAUGHTER OF DYING BILLIONAIRE HUBERT
HOWARD! WITH THE DEATH OF HER COUSIN MARTIN HOWARD, AND THE
DISAPPEARANCE OF HER OTHER COUSIN, RODERICK HOWARD, PRESUMED LOST
IN A BOATING ACCIDENT IN FLORIDA,  MOLLY BECAME THE SOLE HEIRESS TO
THE HOWARD FORTUNE! AND HOW SHE ENJOYS IT'."

     "...  didn't take me long to get inside his mind and find out
what he had planned!  At first I thought it'd be enough just to
change his sex and turn him into a lesbian, but the more I thought
about how he planned to rob poor  ....

     "MOLLY'S DAYS ARE FILLED NOW WITH THE ANIMAL CONSERVATION
ACTIVITIES THAT ARE SO IMPORTANT TO HER! HER NIGHTS ARE FILLED WITH
HEAVY DATES AT NEW YORK'S POSHEST NIGHTCLUBS. ALWAYS ON THE ARM OF
SOME WEALTHY AND ELIGIBLE BACHELOR! AND HOW DOES SHE DRESS FOR
THESE DATES?"

     ... that interfering cousin of his was a stroke of perfect
luck!  I'd have done it to him anyway, of course, but this made it
much easier for me to do to him what he planned to do Molly!  Plus
a little something..."

     EXTRA LARGE CLOSETS IN HER SUMPTUOUS BARELY CONTAIN THE VAST
ARRAY OF FASHIONABLE CLOTHING THAT MOLLY NOW LUXURIATES IN!  GOWNS!
DRESSES!  SKIRTS!  COATS!  THE MOST EXPENSIVE OF DELICATE LINGERIE!
STOCKINGS AND THOUSANDS OF SHOES ALL COVER HER WEALTHY BODY NOW!"

     "...when I look at him out there now, locked up forever in
that tiny cage, totally feminine, completely changed, why he can't
even..."

     "TALK TO MOLLY ABOUT HER PENNILESS PAST AND SHE IS SURE TO
CHANGE THE SUBJECT! THIS MODERN DAY CINDERELLA PREFERS TO SPEND HER
TIME DISCUSSING HER NEW LINE OF HIGH FASHION CLOTHING! SHE EVEN
GAVE US AN IMPROMPTU FASHION SHOW!"

     "...ing off his hot black body to the rubes.  Which, by the
way, is the only thing he has left in the world.  I've arranged
things so that he's lost all his money, his cars, clothes, houses,
even his very sex and identity!  Get this, he still believes that
he's wearing a glued on reproduction vagina and that someday we'll
just remove it, wash off his skin dye, and he can go on his merry
way.  HA! Do I have some news for him! His transformation was
comprehensive and PERMANENT!  He's nothing but a little black bitch
now and there's no way he'll ever be anything else."

     "Not only that! But do you know what?"

      "No, do tell."

"Every now and then we knock him out and add another ring around
his neck and expand the inserts in his lips.  It's gradual, and in
his state he never notices it as his neck and lips stretch just a
teeny bit more to accommodate them.  He's already way beyond where
he was at the start of his devolution into a native beauty and the
effects are cumulative.  Soon he'll be a freak with neck like a
giraffe and lips like a duckbill platypus.  Why, by the time I let
him out, he won't even be human any more! J ust a caged up, sex
hungry, little...

     "ANIMALS ARE HER OTHER PASSION, AND MOLLY INSISTED ON SHOWING
US HER PRIVATE ZOO, WHERE EXOTIC ANIMALS ARE CAGED IN REGAL
COMFORT! MOLLY TAKES CARE OF THEIR EVERY NEED.!

     "... you now!  Forget Martin, I'm going to sell him the next
time we're in New York!  It's you I want. Come over ...

     "HERE WE LEFT MOLLY HOWARD, COMFORTABLY ENSCONCED IN
HEDONISTIC LUXURY ON HER FABULOUS ESTATE, FAR, FAR FROM HER HUMBLE
BEGINNINGS! THIS LITTLE LADY HAS HAD ALL THE LUCK!"

     The Round-Up Girls closed their window against the cooling
night air, leaving me with the sounds of passionate lesbian
pleasuring from Rita's trailer as my only distraction from my
circumstances.  I looked around at my tiny cage, knowing that, even
if I could get out, She Devil's hypnotic treatments had left me too
shy and modest to have the courage to try to escape.  With a sigh,
I huddled down further in my clean straw and hugged my
embarrassingly exposed black woman's body a little tighter for
protection against the cold, naked night ahead.

FIN
