From: "Alicia Anderson" <lician@hotmail.com>

I am 28 (29 in June)

I am 5'4" 128 lbs red hair green eyes.

I like to put myself in desperate situation & pee my pants.

Today, I went to a clinic for tests for diabetes I know I don't have it but my 
Doctor thought I might because I can't control my bladder well (I can but like 
to pee my pants). 

They told me not to drink after midnight but I drank 6 very big glasses of 
water. They told me not to pee (Who am I to argue)

I arrived early & they had me wait for a half hour. I was supposed to pee in a 
bottle, but I acted very figity & said can I please go to the bathroom. The said 
not until I drank some stuff & waited a half an hour. I bounced in my chair (I 
really had to go bad). I begged & pleaded with them to let me go to the bathroom 
but they said no because it would ruin my test.

Finally they called my name. When I stood up I lost all control & peed in my 
pants. I was wearing light blue jeans. I started to cry & said look what you 
made me do. They lady said sorry but we couldn't let you go before the test. I 
said how am I supposed to get home since I don't have a car & came on the bus. I 
said that I would have to transfer 3 times & it would be too embarrassing to so 
home like this. They said I could take a cab. I said that would cost over $15 
which I didn't have. They said that they would pay, but when the cab driver say 
my jeans he said no way you're getting in my cab. I cried some more & created 
quite a scene. 

Eventually, the lady said that she'd have to drive me home in the clinic's car. 
She said that I have to wait about one hour. I said that would be uncomfortable 
but agreed. This clinic only does blood test so thet have no gowns. 

The hour was up & my jeans were still drenched. The lady drove me home. She was 
very sorry & said that this happens about once every 2 months, but that one 
woman did it three times before she finally made it through her appointment. She 
told me to come back tomorrow to try & take the test again, but I am going to go 
for the record & drink even more water tonight. Maybe I will wear my thin white 
pants with blue panties tomorrow. The other woman only had 3 accidents. I can 
beat that.

*******************************************************

Today, I went back to the clinic for another attempt at the diabetes test.

Again I was told not to eat or drink anything after midnight & not to pee. 

Again I had six big glasses of water in the morning.

I arrived at the clinic early so I could play my game.

I sat and waited for a while. The I started to act desperate (who was acting?) I 
went up to the receptionist & asked her if I could use the bathroom. She said I 
know the rules & that I could not, and she asked me if my predicament was as bad 
as the last time.

I said that it was. She apologized & said the only thing that she could do was 
bump me to an earlier appointment & would that help.

I said that I thought it might.

I went back to my seat & was very figity. I was bouncing up & down & crossing & 
uncrossing my legs.

Finally it was my turn to take the test. They called my name & I stood up.

Again I lost total control. The six glasses of water & whatever I drank last 
night exited me hurriedly. Again I started to cry.

I was wearing the thin white pants i spoke about earlier & my blue panties. 

There was so much pee that my pants were virtually transparent, as well as my 
panties (My pubic hair was clearly visible)

Evenly with all the pee my jeans & shoes could hold, I am sure that we mopped up 
about a litre/quart.

The receptionist already knew that I could not leave, because I would have to 
catch 3 different buses to get home & the taxi driver wouldn't let me in his cab 
the las time.

She offered to drive me home again on her lunch 2 hours away. So I had to sit in 
my wet pants for all the waiting room to see. There was a lady in the waiting 
room who had her children with her. Her little girl saw what I did & peed her 
panties too. Her mother scolded her & the little girl said but mommy that lady 
did it. The lady said with me it was an accident but the little girl did it on 
purpose. (I had the last laugh there)

On the way home the receptionist said that she knows I was embarrassed & have a 
problem. She suggested that I don't drink after 8 instead of midnight & that I 
bring a change of clothes next time (Friday). I think that I might forget my 
extra clothes.... I will probably forget not to drink anything too.
