"Clitty Clitty Bang Bang"

My name is Martha.  I'm in my late 20s and have an attractie, slim, firm body.
But I have an unusual trait that I just had to write and tell you about. I have
an extra-large clit. When I'm sexually excited, my clit grows to the length of
over two inches.  Even when im not aroused, it hangs an inch past my cunt lips.
At first I was ashamed of my abnormality. When I had to take communal showers
in school, I tried to hide my deformity so the other girls wouldnt laugh.
During those early years I thought I was a freak or something. Then, as I grew
older, I discovered the joys of masturbation. All I had to do was pull on my
clit and stroke it, and id come like a banshee. It never failed; a few strokes
on my ever-sensitive clit was all it took.  I no longer considered myself a
freak. Instead, I thank my lucky stars for providing me with my little prick.
Because my clit is so sensitive, I hardly ever wear panties. When I do wear
them, the silk rubs against my clit, and before you know it, im soaking wet. It
really got to be a hassle, so I quit buying them. Even pants give me trouble,
so I mostly wear skirts and dresses, nearly always naked underneath.  Because
my clit demands frequent attention, and masturbation does get boring after a
while, I roam singles bars occasionally to provide my little prick with a much
bigger stick. When im on the hunt, I always come prepared and carry a good
supply of rubbers. I need a good hard cock like every healthy female, but I can
do without the nasty diseases floating around out there - you never know where
the cock you rent for the night has been.    On a recent foray to a popular
night club uptown I hooked up with a good looking young executive. He had just
gotten promoted and wanted to celebrate. After I had tolk him the party started
at my place, we immidiately left the bar and headed for home. I didnt waste any
time once we got to my place. We were hardly through the door before I was
tearing his clothes off, eager to get at the goodies behind the corporate
image. He had the same idea, and we were soon naked, tounging each others
mouths and rubbing flesh against flesh. He was really hot, and his cock was
sticking straight out in front of him. It was so stiff, I could have tied an
anvil to it.  I was in a simular state, leaking fuck juice in steady squirts.
My breasts tingled with excitement as he licked my hardened nipples.  Pushing
him down to his knees, I spread my legs and squashed his face onto my silky
bush. I was so far gone, I almost came when his nose parted my cunt lips and
wiggled into the inner folds of my juicy gash. But I wanted him to suck my
clit. Drawing his head back, he looked at me perplexed. "Suck it into your
mouth," I whispered down at him before he had a chance to comment. "It's
getting hard just thinking about you lips wrapped around it." He didnt need
much coaxing and again buried his head into my bush, this time sucking my
blood-filled button past hit hungry, wet lips. My clit stiffened quickly as he
sucked it, and soon it was fully erect and throbing like a miniature penis. I
shruddered violently as he began to run his tongue over the tip , and I felt my
legs weaken when the orgasam drifted over me. It started as a tingling, then
built to a crescendo, causing me to inhale sharply and loose all feeling in my
legs. It was a good orgasam, but I wanted more. I needed his cock sliding in
and out of my snatch. Pulling his head away - not an easy task, since the man
was latched to my pussy like a leech - I stood him up and squatted before him.
I was  still holding the rubber I took out of my purse earlier. Quickly I
ripped the foil, and extracted the well-lubricated sheeth. He never said a word
when I slipped it on his cock, making sure it fit snugly. I began to suck on
his cock, running it deep into the back of my throat. I love the feel of
sucking a hot cock wrapped in a thin, lubricated shield. My lips slid smoothly
against the thin rubber, and I could feel his cock pulse in my mouth. When I
started to suck him in earnest, he groaned, pushing his stomach against my
face, feeding all of his length into my gulping mouth. I could tell he was on
the edge.  But just before he blew his wad, I stopped. I didnt want to take a
chance of his blowing off, and not getting hard again. I wanted him inside me!
Lying back on the carpet, I spread my legs, inviting him to fuck my open pussy.
He knelt and crawled toward me, getting ready to eat me again. "No," I said. "I
want you to fuck me." Smiling, he moved up and began licking my breasts while I
reached between my legs and guided his cock to my cunt. I was so wet and open,
he buried himself full length with one stroke. I almost came on that stroke, my
clit rubbing against the invading shaft. But I held myself back, wanthing the
excitement to build.  He began fucking me with long, steady strokes, nearly
taking his cock out before ramming it home again. I could tell by his heavy
breathing that he wouldn't last much longer. With a shrudder I let my orgasam
take control.  Shock waves electrified my entire body. My clit twanged and
pulsed, causing my cunt to contract and suck at the same time. I could tell by
the tension in his body he was spilling his load into the end of the rubber,
His frantic rush caused by my cunt to unleash a flood of juice drenched his
sheathed cock and dribbled over his quivering balls. When my lover finished, he
rolled off and lay gasping beside me, totally exausted. Later, after he left -
I never did get his name - I lay in bed and petted my puss until I fell into a
dreamless sleep. I think im the luckiest woman alive. Being born with an extra
long sensitive clit has turned out to be a blessing. If this ever gets
published, id sure like to hear from other big clitted women. Who knows? We may
start our own special club just for women with large, sensitive clits.

=The End=