 Cocktail Party
 
    Mike had been itchy all evening, Rachael could tell.  He'd been
rubbing his hands across her shoulders, down her arms, and across her
ass, bumping up against her as they moved from one crowded room to
another, and slipping his hand halfway up the inside of her thigh
whenever he thought he wouldn't be caught.
 
    It wasn't ordinary horniness, she knew.  They had taken care of
that earlier while showering before they dressed for the party.  It
was definitely something else.  And she knew just what he needed to
scratch that itch.
 
    Slipping her hand into his, Rachael guided him out of the main
room, and up the stairs to the second floor bathroom; the one most of
the women used because it was out of the way from everyone else's eyes.
 
    Leadin him into the large bathroom, she flicked the light on over
the toilet area while leaving the other lights over the double sinks
dark, creating a spotlight effect in the shadowy room.  Closing and
locking the door, she turned to Mike and unfastened his trousers.
 
    Directing him to sit on the toilet, she knelt down in front of him
and took his cock into her mouth, licking and sucking until it had
become hard in her hand.  Her own excitement at what was to follow for
him generated a warm flow of her juices, misting the silky panties she
wore under her party shift.
 
    Rachael stood and, pulling the leg band of her moist underwear
aside, backed onto his hard member, engulfing him slowly with her hot
hole.  Mike's hands on her hips helped her to move up and down until
she was extremely agitated.  The wetness, resultant of her orgasm,
copiously drenched the crotch of her panties.
 
    She stood, leaving Mike in a very excited state, and motioned for
him to stand.  As she bent down to remove her wet underwear, she
eagerly licked and sucked his cock clean.  She then sad down on the
vacated seat, and released the stream of urine, held so long.
 
    The cool air on his moist member and the sound of Rachael's waters
made Mike's cock twitch.  Again, Rachael stood, and holding back the
layered curtains hiding the bathtub, motioned for Mike to step inside.
With Mike standing in the tub, Rachael leaned in and kissed him,
stuffing her wet panties in his open pants under his balls.
 
    "I'll be back for you in fifteen minutes.", she murmured, and
turned to leave the room.
 
    As she opened the door, she happened upon two women heading
towards the bathroom together.  "It's all yours, ladies.", she smiled
as she exited.
 
    "You first, Laura.", offered the tall redhead.
 
    "Oh, lord, I've got to go so bad!  I can hardly walk.", moaned the
little blonde.
 
    "Me either, hurry up!", gasped the redhead.  Both women entered
the bathroom, closing the door behind them.  Indeed, the blonde needed
to go so badly, she could barely walk.  Breathing slowly, she
controlled her need and carefully squirmed her way over to the toilet,
her hand under her dress holding her pussy tight and praying she would
mmake it to the bowl.
 
    Now, to et her underwear down fast enough so she could sit in
time!  Squirming, and wriggling frantically, Laura swiftly pulled her
panties down around her knees, and plopped onto the seat.
 
    Mike had been itchy all evening, Rachael could tell.  He'd been
rubbing his hands across her shoulders, down her arms, and across her
ass, bumping up against her as they moved from one crowded room to
another, and slipping his hand halfway up the inside of her thigh
whenever he thought he wouldn't be caught.
 
    It wasn't ordinary horniness, she knew.  They had taken care of
that earlier while showering before they dressed for the party.  It
was definitely something else.  And she knew just what he needed to
scratch that itch.
 
    Slipping her hand into his, Rachael guided him out of the main
room, and up the stairs to the second floor bathroom; the one most of
the women used because it was out of the way from everyone else's eyes.
 
    Leading him into the large bathroom, she flicked the light on over
the toilet area while leaving the other lights over the double sinks
dark, creating a spotlight effect in the shadowy room.  Closing and
locking the door, she turned to Mike and unfastened his trousers.
 
    Directing him to sit on the toilet, she knelt down in front of him
and took his cock into her mouth, licking and sucking until it had
become hard in her hand.  Her own excitement at what was to follow for
him generated a warm flow of her juices, misting the silky panties she
wore under her party shift.
 
    Rachael stood and, pulling the leg band of her moist underwear
aside, backed onto his hard member, engulfing him slowly with her hot
hole.  Mike's hands on her hips helped her to move up and down until
she was extremely agitated.  The wetness, resultant of her orgasm,
copiously drenched the crotch of her panties.
 
    She stood, leaving Mike in a very excited state, and motioned for
him to stand.  As she bent down to remove her wet underwear, she
eagerly licked and sucked his cock clean.  She then sad down on the
vacated seat, and released the stream of urine, held so long.
 
    The cool air on his moist member and the sound of Rachael's waters
made Mike's cock twitch.  Again, Rachael stood, and holding back the
layered curtains hiding the bathtub, motioned for Mike to step inside.
With Mike standing in the tub, Rachael leaned in and kissed him,
stuffing her wet panties in his open pants under his balls.
 
    "I'll be back for you in fifteen minutes.", she murmured, and
turned to leave the room.
 
    As she opened the door, she happened upon two women heading
towards the bathroom together.  "It's all yours, ladies.", she smiled
as she exited.
 
    "You first, Laura.", offered the tall redhead.
 
    "Oh, lord, I've got to go so bad!  I can hardly walk.", moaned the
little blonde.
 
    "Me either, hurry up!", gasped the redhead.  Both women entered
the bathroom, closing the door behind them.  Indeed, the blonde needed
to go so badly, she could barely walk.  Breathing slowly, she
controlled her need and carefully squirmed her way over to the toilet,
her hand under her dress holding her pussy tight and praying she would
mmake it to the bowl.
 
    Now, to et her underwear down fast enough so she could sit in
time!  Squirming, and wriggling frantically, Laura swiftly pulled her
panties down around her knees, and plopped onto the seat.
 
    A long, gushing stream erupted from her as she sighed in pleasure
and triumph.  "Aaaahh, better than sex!", she exclaimed to the tall
redhead waiting over at the sinks.
 
    "Oh, yes!"  She looked up at her companion, and saw that the
lon-leed woman had simply pulled her dress up and leaned back into one
of the sinks, and was at that moment releasing her pent up waters as
well.  Laura noticed that her friend hadn't been wearin any underwear
at all, and now, considering her own sopping panties, she removed and
tossed them through the curtains into the tub, to be retrieved later
before she left for home.
 
    Mike, who had been listening to the exchange and watching both
women through the curtains could barely stand to touch his rock-hard
cock.  The red satin panties leamed darkly at his feet where they had
been tossed.
 
    The two women cleaned up and left the room, and Mike was left
alone for a moment.  During this time, he bent down and picked up the
discarded underwear, stuffing them under his scrotum along with
Rachael's.  He could feel the wet material against his skin and smell
the musk rising from the warm area in which they were hidden.
 
    His hand had lightly touched his straining member all the time the
two women had been at their toilette, careful not to bring himself to
orgasm in anticipation of a full quarter hour of watching and
listening to all these beautiful women relieve themselves.
 
    Soon, another woman, obviously a bit tipsy, entered and closed the
door.  She weaved over to the toilet and barely remembered to pull her
panties down before sitting and letting go.  She had been teasing a
group of three men all evening, and had disappeared with them for a
short time before excusing herself to go upstairs.
 
    Their attentions, patting, rubbing, and nibblin, had aroused her
to the point that she couldn't wait to get back downstairs again, and
as she peed into the bowl, her hand wandered around the lips of her
pussy, rubbing and tickling herself to distraction.  The drunken woman
rose from the toilet, and lying on the lush rug next to the sinks,
stroked herself to orgasm.
 
    A light tap on the door roused her from her exhausted stupor, and
she pulled herself together enough to wash her hands, pat at her hair,
and leave the room under her own steam.
 
    Good thing, too, because Mike was ready to release his wad, and
knew he would make too much noise to remain discretely hidden.
 
    Rachael was the next woman in, and after locking the door, she
pulled her party shift up over her head and draped it over a towel
bar.  Nude, she pulled the tub curtains back and pulled Mike out from
behind them.
 
    "Have fun, lover?", she smiled wickedly at him, and kissed his
mouth before moving down to ascertain the state of his erection.  "Ah,
yes, I can see you did."  She lightly touched his straining cock, and
Mike jumped; the sensation slightly painful for his too hard member.
"Come over here.", Rachael walked over to the sinks where the redhead
had sat, and with Mike's help sat up on the ledge.
 
    Wrapping her legs around his waist, she pulled Mike's raging
hardon into her hot puss, allowing him to pump as hard and fast as he
needed.  She felt his hot fluids almost immediately, and felt, more
than heard his moan of pleasure and loss muffled against her breasts.
 
    Reaching down to the panties hidden under his sac, she pulled them
out and used them to clean the cum from his cock and her streaming
pussy.  "Say 'bye-bye'.", she giggled, as she tossed the two extremely
soiled pieces of lingerie back into the tub, to be found later.
 
    Leaving the bathroom, Rachael and Mike rejoined the crowd
downstairs, no loner distracted, and able to enjoy the silly
flirtations and small talk of the evening ahead.
 
End

