When I was a kid I used to get shipped off to my uncle Cody's house for
the summer. He lived in a small cabin outside Fort Bragg.  I didn't
mind staying with my uncle Cody. He was a nice guy. He would go off to
his job cutting timber and leave me to play around his cabin in the
woods.

I had been spending the summers with Cody since I was 9 but the best
summer I had with him was the year I turned 14.  Certain changes had
happened to my body that year that made me curious as to what would
happen as I got older.  Believe it or not, I had not jacked off by
then. Nobody ever told me about it and it just never happened. I was
filled with questions and since my dad wasn't around much (even when I
was home), I hoped that uncle Cody could answer some questions for me.
So, that year I was looking especially forward to our visit.

Cody was in his early 30's. Tall and muscular. His handsome face was
quick to smile. He hardly ever wore a shirt in the house. Until that
summer I never noticed how beautiful his tanned, muscled chest always
showed a few drops of sweat in the small patch of dark hair that grew
between his pecks. I had always thought my uncle was good looking but
never was I so impressed with him until then. I remember the charge I'd
get when he'd put that leather tool belt on over his Levis then work
high on a ladder in the summer sun. I found myself turned on at the way
the tool belt hung around his waist, how it was filled with the tools
of his trade.

Cody would work hard all day. I wouldn't see him until after dark most
nights. In the year since I last saw him I had learned to cook a few
things so I tried to have some food waiting for him when he came home.
I never heard him talk about going out with girls and we never seemed
to have company.

Cody didn't own a television. In past years this drove me nuts but in
my 14th year I discovered that Cody was much more entertaining to watch
than any tv show. Nights were spent sitting on the porch listening to
the sounds of the forest, watching the stars appear straight above us
through the tops of the redwoods.

My mind was filled with questions about growing up and the changes my
body was going through. I really didn't know how to bring the subject
up, though so I attempted to satisfy my curiosity by just watching
him...studying Cody's every move; his masculine way of sitting, his
deep voice, his chiseled features, his confident manner.

I don't know if Cody ever noticed how intensely I studied him but I
guarantee I never missed a move. Sitting on the edge of the wooden
porch he would lean back and support himself on his elbows and look up
at the stars. Even in the near darkness I could see how his magnificent
chest tapered into a small, taut waist that dove into his jeans. I had
noticed when he walked, Cody's crotch area seemed to be filled, like he
was carrying something large in there. It seemed to bulge against his
leg as he walked. I was sure it was his dick! I had never thought about
Cody's dick before, but it seemed to capture my attention on that
visit.  I had noticed that my dick had started growing in the past year
and I wondered how large they eventually got.  From the size of the
bulge in Cody's pants, I figured they must get pretty big.

One night we had sat outside longer than usual. Cody had worked hard
that day and was starting to nod off. I woke him and told him we ought
to go inside or be eaten alive by mosquitos. He made a sound then got
up and went in the cabin.  He told me to go on to bed that he was going
to sit up a little longer (I didn't think he could stay awake much
longer but I did what I was told). I crawled into the little bed he had
set up for me in a converted back porch.

An hour or so later, I had to pee. So, I got up and went to the john.
On the way, I peeked into the living room and there was Cody, fast
asleep on the couch. He had stripped off his jeans and was laying there
wearing only a pair of Jockey shorts.  I did my business but left the
bathroom light on and snuck into the living room to get a look. I stood
right over him watching him sleep.  In the dim light I saw Cody's
tanned body draped over the sofa, his head was propped on the arm of
one end, his feet dangled off the other. His legs were muscular. Like
two tree trunks meeting at the Jockey-clad middle of his body. His
shorts were packed full. It looked like he had stuck a sausage between
his legs! It seemed to be so wide as to part his legs a little so as to
venture between them. I couldn't even see where it ended. I was excited
to think that I would grow one like it some day. Just looking at him
made my dick hard and poked against my underpants. I touched my small
pecker while I looked at Cody and got a better feeling than I'd ever
had before.  Suddenly, he inhaled then turned on his side. If he had
opened his eyes he would have seen me gazing at his near naked body and
feeling my own.  Quietly, I knelt down to get a closer look. I noticed
the tiny trail of black hair that led from inside his shorts past his
belly button. It blossomed to a larger patch on his chest. Cody must
have been having a dream because he moaned then reached into his
shorts, took hold of his meat and re-arranged it. The flap of the
Jockeys was open just a little and I could see the dark space where his
dick rested. I looked at where his flat waist met the white underpants.
It was perfectly flush, no fat whatsoever. Being this close to Cody
made me forget myself. I wanted to be closer to him, to smell him, to
taste him. I leaned into his crotch and smelled. His musk was clean and
sensual.  I ran my finger over the opening in the shorts. I just
touched the material at first but after a few minutes I felt a hair...
then flesh! I was running my finger along the side of Cody's dick! It
wasn't quite hard but awfully long. I finally reached the head.  He was
cut, like me and the ridge of the head began to get harder. He reached
down and I pulled away quickly. This time, in an attempt to rearrange
his meat, it found the opening in the shorts and poked straight out. I
looked at the huge dick pulsate and jerk in front of me. I looked over
and saw his tool belt at the end of the sofa. I reached in and took his
metal tape measure. Quietly, I stretched it along the length of his
dick. From base to head, Cody measured 9 and 3/4 inches! The base
looked about as big around as an apricot but the head swelled larger. I
put the ruler away and just knelt there admiring the powerful tool and
hoping that I would grow one just like it. The feeling of being near
one so big was exciting and I could imagine that having one must be
ever better. I was so nervous I could swear I could hear my own heart
beating.  There was no telling what he would do if he caught me.  I
wished for more light. I wanted to see everything there was to see
about him.

After a minute or two, I leaned in real close again.  I took a deep
breath through my nose. His smell was intoxicating. Dicks smelled
different than any other part of the body and I liked it. My mouth was
half an inch from the big meat. I rubbed my dick as I took in his sight
and smell and was overcome to the point that I reached out with my
tongue and licked the part where the shaft meets the head! I couldn't
believe I was doing it. I had never imagined a dick could get so was
huge or hard. I felt it stiffen at my touch. I licked again and the
mammoth head swelled even bigger. The next thing I knew, I took the
head in my mouth! I did know if anyone had never sucked a dick before.
I felt at once nasty and excited. I never dreamed they could be so big
or taste so good. My excitement was mixed with fear; what if Cody
should wake up? What if he were to piss? I lost myself in the
exploration of his long shaft when one of my fears came true.

"What th' fuck?" Cody jerked and woke up. There was his 14-year old
nephew, Scott, swallowing his fuck-stick. I immediately stopped. I
fumbled with my underwear trying to hide my hard cock. Cody sat up. He
looked at me in the dim light of the cabin.

"What the hell do you think you were doing?"

"I'm sorry, Cody! I was just curious. I got carried away."

"Well, pup, don't be doin' that shit."

"Is there somethin' wrong with it?"

He was quiet for a minute trying to find an answer to my question.
"Well, I don't know but I heard that when a man starts suckin' dicks
that's all he ever wants."

He was sitting straight up on the couch looking down at me. His dick
still stood straight up against his belly through the piss-slit of his
Jockeys.

"Didn't it feel good?"

"Yeah, partner, but that's not the point."

"You're not mad at me, are you?" I asked.

"Nah," he was calming down, "You just kind of startled me, that's all.
What would your parents say if I sent back a cocksucker at the end of
the summer?"

"Well, what's wrong with it, Cody?"

He reached down and grabbed his dick in his fist. He moved his hand
along it sort of pointing it at me until he reached the end then let
the hard peter pop back loudly against his belly.

"Well, you're just not supposed to, that's all. Men are supposed to
like women. If we were playin' with each other all the time, there
wouldn't be no babies." I was unimpressed with is logic. "Why were you
doin' it to me?"

"I just wanted to see how big I was going to get when I was grown up.
When I got close to yours, it seemed so clean and nice I wanted to see
how it tasted."

Cody got quiet. He held the bottom of his dick and squeezed. The head
swelled up again.

"I guess I do have a pretty big one, huh?"

"Yeah," I said, watching his dick get bigger.

"Can I ask you a question?"

"Sure, Cody."

"What's my dick taste like?" he asked quietly.

"Tasted...good. It's real clean. Kind of sweet around the top.  It was
real hard...I liked it, Cody."

He stood up, packed his meat back in his shorts and walked to the
screen door.  He stood there for a long time staring off into the
night. I worshiped the perfect body as it leaned with one hand high on
the door jamb. He was quiet for a while. I sat on the floor with my
back against the sofa watching him. I was sure he was pissed off at me.
Probably he had become disappointed at what I was or maybe he felt
trapped by this 14 year old dick-sucker he was stuck with for the
summer.

"You mad at me, Cody?"

"Nah, just thinkin'."

"'Bout what?"

He got quiet.

He turned in a minute or two then sauntered over to me. His slender
lumberjack body swaggered in silhouette. When he got to where I was
sitting, he reached through the opening of his shorts and lifted out
his equipment. It hung down semi-hard like a blackjack hanging out of
his shorts.  He leaned over and picked me up, seating me on the sofa.

"I don't' want you to tell nobody we did this," his said. I promised it
would be our secret. Then he showed me how to hold onto my dick and
stroke it up and down. "This is called jackin' off, kid. I want you to
do this while I do something else, okay?" I told him 'okay' and began
jacking myself off. Holding his dick by the base, Cody straddled my
head, lifted his sausage up and let it touch my lips.  His reached in
and pulled out his huge balls and let them hang way down between his
legs. I opened my mouth and took the head between my lips, enjoying the
weight of his meat on my tongue. I was excited by the way the soft yet
rock hard tip of his dick seemed to probe my mouth. I opened as wide as
I could. I wanted him to put all of his cock in me.

I jacked my own small dick as I sucked him and wondered how much better
it felt to have a big dick than my little one. Cody shuddered and
pushed deeper into me. I had almost half his big manmeat in my mouth.
He pressed his knees against the sides of my head and used his hips
like pistons to drive his manhood home. I opened my mouth wide and let
him pump it into me. It got harder, and I could feel the veins pumping
blood to the rod. I didn't know what was going to happen next. He
seemed to be breathing harder and harder.  His dick got even bigger
around. Then suddenly he pulled out!  He grabbed the tip of it and got
quiet.

"What's the matter, Cody? Did I bite?" I asked, alarmed that suddenly
everything stopped.

In a couple of seconds he released the tension.

"Nah, kid. You did great.  Real great. You made me want to shoot,
that's all."

"Shoot?" I asked.

"You know, shoot my wad."

"What's a 'wad'?" I asked

He was amazed.

"You've never cum?"

"What's 'cum'?"

"God, kid. You're 14 and you've never shot a load?"

"No," I answered, embarrassed.  "What is it?"

"When a man is pulling on his dick, or he's sticking it in somebody, it
starts feeling real good and it makes cum.  Cum shoots out faster than
piss and when a man is making it, he's not really in control. All he
wants to do is shoot it."

"What does cum look like?"

"It's white. Thick. And it feels real good when you make it."

"It does? Where does it come from?"

"Out of your balls. Cum is ball-juice."

I still didn't understand.

He smiled took my hand and guided it to his ballsac. His heavy nuts
hung between his legs, as big as golf balls (unlike mine that were like
marbles).

"This is where a man makes his cum.  You're just a boy.  Your little
balls won't make very much.  My nuts are big and right now they're real
full." I must have looked disappointed and confused because he put his
hand through my hair and mussed it.  "Hey, tiger, you just wanted to
taste some dick and I let you taste it!  You don't want me to loose
control and make a mess in your mouth do you?  Now, you had your taste,
why don't we jack off together so we can get rid of these hardon's and
catch some shuteye." Cody sat down on the sofa next to me and started
slowly jacking himself off. "You gonna do it?" he asked me. I started
jacking off. I never knew that there was something beyond just
occasionally playing with your dick. I wanted so much to see what it
looked like that I didn't take my eyes off Cody. He slid his hand
heavily up and down his manhood. He closed his eyes and seemed to be
somewhere else.  I watched his grip alternately tighten and loosen as
he got into it.  I did the same things. I knew Cody was teaching me how
to make cum and I couldn't have asked for a sexier teacher. His
breathing began to get heavier. I knew he was pretty close to making
his cum so I scooted down to get a closer look.  I refused to touch him
because I was afraid he'd stop and make me go to bed without getting to
see him shoot.

His balls jumped up and down with simultaneously with his rapid jerks
on his cockmeat. The ballsac started getting tighter. It was
fascinating watching a man bring himself to climax. I wondered if he
were joking about this white liquid he told me about. No, he couldn't
be lying. He was enjoying it too much to lead me on. I didn't know when
it would happen so I waited, keeping my eyes on his dick head.

Suddenly, Cody sighed. "Yeah," came from deep inside him. His chest
heaved and I knew this must be it. His muscles tightened, he body went
rigid. That's what me meant when he said a man couldn't control
himself, that he was at the mercy of his dick.  He jammed his fist to
the base of his pud so the top 8 inches or so were in the air. There it
was, being held in the air like he was offering it to me. I opened my
mouth and gulped about 3 inches in my mouth.  Instantly, something hot
sprayed against the back of my throat! Cody let go with a spray of
thick, lumpy, bitter juice. It reminded me of hot cottage cheese. I
couldn't believe that something so thick was shooting out the small
slit! My mouth filled up but Cody kept shooting more. It was like a
hose was turned on in my mouth. The chunks fired out of him immersed in
his hot cream.  I felt his hand on the back of my head. He pressed me
down on his dick as he moaned. The cum was filling my cheeks and I
didn't know what to do with it until suddenly, and involuntarily, I
swallowed. When I did, it opened up my throat and his dick slid into me
farther than it ever had. My lips were around the throbbing base of his
meat. His balls convulsed and nearly touched my nose. He was sighing
and repeating my name over and over. He shoved me down all the way on
it. I could feel his dickhead expand in my throat as he expelled
another rush of ball juice into me. A couple of minutes passed. My head
lay on his abdomen. The moment was perfect; Cody's dick was buried in
me all the way, he knew it and he obviously liked it. It didn't matter
that he had used me as a receptacle for his cum. I'd drink it out of
him any time he wanted, just so I could be the receiver of his
masculine rod.

I didn't want to take him out of my mouth. My tongue was darting around
the head of his softening dick and occasionally finding one of the
chunks he had fired into me and savoring it. I was quickly getting used
to the taste and I liked it.  Cody rubbed the back of my head.
"Partner, you okay?" I hummed 'uh-huh'.

"I think I'm about through," he said, "You can take it out of your
mouth now."

I sat up and wiped my mouth. A few drops had run down my chin.

"You kind of surprised me, drinkin' me like that."

"You don't mind do you, Cody?"

"Nah, kid. It felt great. I don't get a lot of blow jobs up here in the
woods. Never did get one from a boy before. So, tell me, how does it
taste?"

"Kind of bitter...chunky. But I liked it. You sure make a lot!"

"I shoot that size load every time."

"I took it all, too!" I said, impressed with myself.

He put his hand on his dick and stroked it lightly.

"You sure surprised me. I thought you wanted to see some cum, not eat
some."

"I do want to see some. Maybe I can watch you again sometime."

"Yeah, maybe." He stood up and went into the kitchen. Now that he had
cum he didn't seem as interested as before. He drank some milk out of
the carton then came back through the living room and told me we ought
to get to sleep.

I reluctantly got off the couch but my 4 inch dick was still erect.
Cody looked at it.

"Oh, yeah. You didn't cum, did you? Well, you keep jacking it off while
you think about what you did to this big ol' thing," he palmed his
crotch, "and it'll happen. I gotta hit the sack. See you in the
morning."

Cody went into his room and fell into bed. I started to go to my room
but I just wasn't satisfied yet. If I was going to make cum it was
going to be with Cody. I opened the door to his room and saw him naked
face down on the bed. He was spread eagled and already breathing
deeply.

"Cody?"

There was a muffled 'huh?' from the pillow.

"Cody, do you mind if I do my jackin' off in here?"

"I don't care." He lay spent on the bed trying to sleep.  I knelt at
the foot of the bed looking at his immense legs spread wide before me.
The two mounds of flesh that made up his butt were only a couple of
feet in front of me. His dick stuck out towards me from under his body.
I started pumping my cock. Just like before I got closer to the man. He
was fast asleep for sure now so I figured it didn't matter what I did.
I crawled up on the bed and knelt down to get a good look at his cock
as it stuck out. I touched it lightly, feeling around the head. It grew
slightly.

Then I studied his butt. I had seen it clad in jeans so many times
before and thought how beautiful it must be and here it was right in
front of me. I leaned down and put my face in it. His smell was strong
but masculine. I let go of my prick for a second to part his cheeks.
They were strong and tight. As if I knew what I wanted, I plunged
between those cheeks and wiped my tongue up the crack. Over and over I
licked the length of his butt. My dick got harder and harder. I beat
off with one hand, braced myself with the other then forced my face in
as far as I could. This time when I licked, I found his butthole. It
opened and closed at the touch of my tongue. Cody moaned. His dick
hardened and grazed my chin. Asleep or not, he liked it so I licked
even more. Once when it dilated, I stuck my tongue right inside him. I
knew what Cody did through this hole but I was so turned on by being
inside him like this that I couldn't stop. His sphincter closed around
my tongue and I pushed it in and out faster. His dick twitched and
hardened. My own dick was feeling better than it ever had. I knew if I
kept this up that I'd probably make cum because I was just about to
loose control of myself. I reached down and held Cody's hardon as I
licked his chute and jacked myself off. Suddenly, he came alive.

"Fuck, kid!" In a flash he moved to his knees knocking me flat on my
back on the bed looking up at his magnificent torso. "I want you to
suck this dick till you cum, you little bastard!"

He forced his dick into me and fucked it there for a long time. I
enjoyed every second of it. Once he maneuvered so his dick slid
comfortably down my throat. He fucked it that way for a while then took
it out and brandished it in my face. "Is this what you want, you little
cocksucker? You can't sleep cause you need a man's cock?" I didn't know
what to say. He seemed angry but turned on, too. "Or is it my butthole
you want?" He sat down on my face and pushed his hole onto my mouth. He
spread his cheeks and fed me his butt for a while. Suddenly, I felt
like my insides were going to explode, my dick got real hard and it
felt like I was going to expel my intestines through my rod. I made a
sound. Cody got off me. I thought I was dying but Cody knew better. He
knew I was just about to shoot. He also knew what turned me on. He
jacked off real fast then plugged his dick back in my mouth. He let
loose with another torrent of ball juice just as I did. I almost lost
consciousness. My dick let go with lump after creamy lump. It shot in
the air and onto my belly. Some of it got on Cody's back. It was hot as
fire and there was no way to stop it. Cody's big hose filled me up
again. He was holding the base of his dick and forcing the thing into
me. When we both stopped cumming, he leaned over without withdrawing
from me and switched on a light.

"Kid, you'll never forget what you were doing when you shot your first
load. I want you to remember my dick in your mouth when you do." He
wiped the sweat off his tight torso then lifted his equipment out of my
mouth. I looked down to see white puddles on my chest. I had finally
cum and it was great. Cody disappeared and returned with a towel. He
pitched it to me as I lay there, spent.

"You sure you've never messed around before, Scott?"

"Never, Cody."

"Well, you're sure gonna be a good cocksucker."

"Thanks."

"And, listen, what's all this about sticking your tongue up my butt?"

"I like that too."

"Well, tomorrow...and I don't mean tonight, I've GOT to get some
sleep...but tomorrow, I'll show you what a butt is for. You want to
sleep with me tonight?"

"Sure!"

"But no more funny stuff."

"Okay."

After a few minutes he whispered, "You really like suckin' my hose?"

"Yeah! I hope you'll let me do it again some time."

"Partner, I think we just found somethin' new to pass th' time."

The next morning was Saturday. When I woke, Cody was gone. I got up,
put on my jeans and wandered through the cabin. I didn't see him
anywhere. Then I heard a sound from outside. I wandered out onto the
porch to see him on a ladder repairing the roof.  He was in his usual
jeans and no shirt. His tanned body seemed even more beautiful against
the deep blue of the sky.

"Oh, mornin'', Scott! Sleep good?" he smiled when he asked.

"I slept great, Cody. What's wrong with the roof?"

"Radio says a storm's comin'. Been' meanin' to fix a leak for a while.
I ought to do it before it starts rainin'. Hey, bring me that shingle
down there, would ya?" he asked.  I found the shingle and started up
the ladder. Pretty soon, my feet were four rungs under his and my face
was next to his butt.

"Here's your shingle," I reached up and handed it to him. He took the
shingle and I let my hand touch his rear end as my hand came down.

"What are you doin', kid?" he asked.

"You told me you were going to teach me about butts today."

He turned halfway around on the ladder and looked down at me.  He
reached down and unbuttoned his pants leaving the top one fastened.

"Put your hand in there," he told me. I carefully let my hand slide in
the opening. Next thing I knew, his balls were in my hand.

"You like those balls, don't you, kid?"

"Yeah!"

"Now, put out my dick and let it hang between the rungs." I did what I
was told. I kept holding onto it while he started pissing. The golden
shaft fell some twenty feet to the ground and created a little puddle.
He pissed for a long time. When he was finally finished, he told me to
shake it off and I did.  He turned to me again and the big meat hung
right in front of my face. I stuck out my tongue and licked the head of
it. I thought it was beginning to swell when Cody reached down and
lifted it back into his jeans again. I must have looked disappointed.

"Let me finish up here and I'll come inside and let you play with it."

The promise was enough for me. I went into the cabin and waited for
Cody to complete mending the roof. After a while he came in.

"Storm's comin' in sooner than they thought," he said.  There was a
clap of thunder and I looked outside to see the forest grow dark.

Cody went to the front door to watch the rain begin to fall.  It was
almost as dark as night in the cabin. Cody turned off the electric
lights and lit candles. The cabin took on a whole new atmosphere.  Cody
went into the bedroom and returned wearing only his jockey shorts. He
had something wrapped in a towel. He threw the towel on the sofa then
sat down next to it. We looked at each other for a few seconds. I
didn't know what to do. He rubbed his crotch a couple of times. I could
make out the bulge of his dick behind the white fabric.

"Why don't you take off your clothes, Scott?" he asked me quietly. I
did as I was told. Soon I was standing there wearing only my underwear.
"Kneel down here between my legs and I'll let you see my dick." he
said. Excited, I did as I was told.  His crotch was only inches from my
eyes. "Why don't you suck on my balls through my shorts, Scott?" I
leaned in and carefully took one of his big nuts in my mouth and let it
rest there. I ran my tongue across it. Cody sighed and I felt the
fabric of the Jockeys tighten as his dick began to grow.

"Oh, yeah, that's good, partner," he said. He lifted his rod up so that
it poked through the elastic band of the shorts. He kept talking to me
as I held his ball in mouth; "I'm saving another load in those balls
just for you," he said.  Then,he pulled his ball-sac out of the shorts
and let them hang between his legs. I licked the sac, intoxicated with
the combined smell of sweat mixed with the faint odor of urine.

He stood up and gently lowered me so I was laying on the floor. He
stood above me and removed his shorts then told me to remove my own.  A
thunder clap shook the house. Cody stood over me with his feet
straddling my head. His dick stood at full attention against his belly.
I jacked off as I looked straight up at him.

"You look like you need some dick, kid." he said his voice low and
guttural. I could tell that Cody was feeling nasty and I couldn't wait
to see what he'd do.

He knelt down on his knees and straddled so that his balls touched my
forehead.

He leaned over and offered his cock to me. I opened up and took him in.
He bent down and I felt him start to lick my dick! As he licked it, he
fumbled with the towel he had left on the sofa. Soon, I felt him
licking the length of my 14-year old cock while he rubbed a greasy
finger across my butt. It felt wonderful! I sucked him harder when his
finger found my butthole. I sucked so hard that he stopped licking me
and grunted. "Yeah, that butthole feels good, doesn't it, pup?"

Suddenly, I noticed he was pushing against my hole pretty hard. He took
my balls in his mouth as he did. It hurt because Cody had such huge
fingers.  Then, I felt Cody take the tip of my dick in his mouth and
suck. It was incredible! Just as he did, he pushed his finger up my
butt. I was having pain and pleasure at the same time.  In a few
seconds, it stopped hurting. He put more grease on his finger and it
slid more evenly. I felt my dick get harder as his finger massaged my
sphincter. He still had his man meat in my mouth and kept telling me
how good it felt when I sucked and what a good cocksucker I was. He
made me even hornier when he told me how good his dick looked in my
mouth, how he liked it when I sucked him. He told me all about his cum
and how he wanted to give it to me. I wanted it and sucked hard in the
anticipation of his cock letting go in me once again when he withdrew
it. He also took his finger out of my butt very slowly. The next thing
I knew, he was straddling my chest. His meat was jerking from the blow
job I'd just given him. He moved down my chest and put his big dick
against my little one. He held them both together and jacked them off
at the same time. I almost shot looking at his dick touching mine. Then
he made me put my legs up. He knelt down between my legs and put
grease on his dick.

"Now I'm going to show you what butts are for," he said.  He placed the
tip of his equipment against my ass. He rubbed it around for a second
until he found the hole. Suddenly, I felt a pain down there. Cody was
looking down between my legs. He was guiding it in me!

I called out in pain and he stopped for a minute or so. A little of it
was in me and the pain it caused scared me real bad.

"I'm not gonna hurt you, pal," he told me. "In a few minutes you're
really gonna like this." I found that hard to believe.

He stayed real still for a little bit then he began pushing again.
Suddenly, I felt my hole open up and grab hold of something.

"Yeah," he said with a deep breath, "You got my dick-head, Scott. Hold
on to it." I felt more pressure and saw Cody lean into me a bit more.
After the initial shock of being penetrated, the length didn't seem to
bother me.

"How do you feel?" he asked.

"Okay, I guess," I told him. "Is there very much more?"

He reached over near the towel and got a small mirror.

"Here, take a look." I held the mirror between my legs and saw my small
butt parted by Cody's sausage. He wasn't all the way in me yet. About 5
inches of him was left to go. I was turned on by the feeling of his
dick up inside me and being able to see it connecting the both of us.
I began to calm down a little and the tension eased in my butt.

"That's it, pup, relax. Let Cody stick his joint up in your ass."

It seemed that he enjoyed doing it.

"Does it feel good to you, Cody?" I asked.

"Yeah, baby. Your warm little virgin butthole feels good suckin' on my
dick.

Here, why don't you take some more of it?" He shoved it in farther. It
slid without pain. I loved the feeling of being fucked. Cody lifted my
butt and raised up on his knees a little then he shoved his dick in me
all the way. I could feel his belly against my butt and his 9 and 3/4
inches up inside me. He withdrew an inch or so then jammed up against
me real hard. I felt his balls slap against my rear end. He did it
again and again sometimes pulling all the way out then ramming it in me
again. He kept hitting something far up inside me that made me want to
cum right away so I didn't touch myself for fear that I would.

"It feels good, Cody," I told him, breathing hard as he attacked my
hole.

"Reach down and feel my balls, boy." I did. "I'm workin' up a load for
you right now," he said between heavy breaths.

"Make some cum in me, Cody. I want you to fill me up!"

"Here it comes," he cried. I felt a knot pass from the base of his cock
all the way to the end. His juice spurted all over my prostate. He
sprayed it with his hot cum for a full half minute holding me by my
hips so that I was completely impaled while he unloaded his balls.

When he finished, he stayed inside me. He picked me up and maneuvered
around so that he was sitting with his back to the sofa. He moved his
knees up to support me and we looked at each other still joined at the
crotch.

"Now you know what your butt's for," he said. "You like my dick up your
butt?"

"Yeah. I do," I told him.

"You didn't cum, did you?"

"No."

"Don't you want to?"

"Yeah, but I want to do it while I suck you off."

"You like my dick to squirt in your mouth?" he asked.

"Yeah, can I have it?"

"Sure."

We showered. Cody let me play with him a little bit while we washed but
wouldn't let the sex play go very far. We toweled off and he went into
the bedroom, laid down and called me.

"Hey, Scott! Where are you?"

I entered the room. He lay there naked, stroking his prod.

"You still thirsty?" he asked.

"Yeah!" I answered.

"Why don't you come in here and let me shoot a big, thick man-load in
you?"

Without hesitation, I crawled on the bed and knelt down between his
legs. He offered his dick to me and I leaned down and put my mouth on
it.

"Mmm, that's good, Scott. Run your tongue over my dick-head. Yeah,
that's just the way I like it." The he turned me over so I was laying
down on my back. He put a pillow under my head then straddled my face
and lowered the big meat into me.  "You just suck this thing all you
want, kid," he said as he pushed and pulled it out of my mouth.  I
opened up to take more of it and he gladly gave it to me.  "Suck it
hard," he ordered. I was taking as much dick as I could take. He plowed
my mouth for a long time. His balls slapped against my chin. Suddenly,
he said, "Here it comes," and I felt him let go. Like flood gates
opening, Cody emptied his balls in my mouth. Chunks of man-cum fired
into my mouth. I swallowed the wad as fast as I could, drunk with the
sensation of being held in place by Cody's huge dick as it fired it's
essence into my mouth, of loving the taste of cum and knowing that Cody
and I would be fuck-buddies for the rest of the summer.
