     SEXUALLY EXPLICATE MATERIAL: NON-CONSENSUAL/RAPE/BONDAGE

          ********************************************
            Copyright 1992   All rights reserved
          ********************************************
This is a story about a powerfully built black man who follows
a beautiful blonde policewoman home to her apartment, breaks in, and subjects
her to numerous lewd actions, then makes her do disgusting things while
he videotapes them.
               
               *******************************

     He was in a bar on Tenth street when she walked in. She was
tall, confident looking, with a short mannish haircut. She wore a
leather jacket and jeans, and had a badge. A blonde slut with a
badge, he thought in disgust.
     He watched her and her male partner move to the bar and talk
to the bartender. They showed him a picture and he shook his head,
then they left. He got up and followed. He liked the blonde's ass.
     They got into a sedan and he watched it drive off. He had no
intention of following them now. He knew where he division station
was, and knew when the shifts changed. He went home and prepared
for work.

     He watched the rear of the cop shop from a distance, using a
night scope. She came out, said good bye to some people and got
into a red mustang. He waited, and followed the car as she drove
home. He'd never had a cop before, and wanted to.
     He hated cops.
     The good thing about them though, like this one, was that
their movements were pretty predictable. He knew just when she'd
get off and when she'd go in. 
     He toyed with the idea of sneaking into the police station and
getting her there somehow, but the risk was too great. He'd get her
at home. She lived in a townhouse just inside the city limits, a
nice, peaceful, quiet neighbourhood.
     She had two kids, a boy and a girl. That complicated things,
but also made them easier. She'd be much more likely to cooperate
if he threatened them. He would never hurt the kids, of course, any
more than he would hurt her. But she'd never know that.
     If she was smart the kids would never even know he'd been
there. 
     He broke into the house late one night, after only a few days
of study. Her pattern was so inflexible that he'd known she would
go to bed at precisely ten, as she had. It was midnight when he
slid into the basement through the window.
     He padded upstairs, then climbed to the top floor. He had
waited down in the basement for ten minutes so his eyes would be
completely adjusted to the dark, so now he could see fairly well as
he slowly pushed the woman's door open.
     The sound of her deep, even breathing came clearly to him. He
snuck in, crouching by the door, then closed it behind him. He took
a small triangular door block from his jacket and slid it beneath
the door, pushing it in hard. The last thing he wanted was for one
of the kids to wake up, open the door and see him without him
seeing the kid.
     He crawled over to the bed. The blonde was asleep on her side,
her cheek pressed into the pillow. 
     His next movement had to be carefully done. She was likely to
fight if she could, unlike most women, and also unlike most women
she probably had a pretty good knowledge of unarmed combat. His
superior weight and strength would still overcome her, of course,
but he didn't want any noise to wake the kids.
     His hands encased in soft leather gloves, he rose and very
gently slid into the bed on his knees. Then, with a fast movement,
he clamped his left hand over her mouth and shoved her over onto
her belly, bringing his heavy weight down on her back and clamping
his knees and thighs into her arms, pinning them to her sides.
     She struggled wildly, muffled yells and screams coming through
his hand as her body writhed and thrashed beneath him. He rode her
like a wild, bucking bronco, waiting for her to settle down or
exhaust herself. It took less than a minute for her to realize the
situation was hopeless.
     "Much better," he said softly.
     "Now. You and me are going to reach an understanding, aren't
we?"
     "Aren't we?"
     She made a muffled sound that he took for a yes.
     "Your kids are sound asleep. They'll stay that way unless you
do something that wakes them up."
     He took a ball gag from his jacket and slid it in beside his
hand.
     "You're going to take this in your mouth when I slide my hand
back. Understand?"
     Slowly, he shifted his hand over, the ball gag instantly
replacing it against her lips.
     "Open your mouth," he ordered.
She did so and he slid the ball gag into it, then pulled the straps
around her head and snapped them tight behind it.
     "Good girl."
     He shifted backwards a little, grabbing her wrists and pulling
them up behind her back. He held them there with one hand as he
snapped a pair of handcuffs over them. He raised himself and rolled
her over, then sat back down on her hips.
     She stared up at him in rage and fear as he smiled back down.
     "Now that didn't hurt, did it, baby? Let me tell you what's
gonna happen. I'm gonna fuck the living shit out of you, and you're
gonna like it. Understand?"
     An angry muffled snarl came through the gag and he smiled even
more broadly.
     "Now, now, now. We don't want to wake up the kiddies, do we?"
     His hands slid onto her breasts and he began to caress them.
He watched her face with considerable satisfaction as she stared up
at him in hatred. His thumbs and fingers pinched her nipples and
kneaded her breast flesh. He rolled her nipples between his
fingertips  and pulled them up hard.
     He shifted his way down further, so he was kneeling between
her legs, which he had forced wide apart. He licked and sucked on
her nipples, then began biting them, his teeth digging into the
soft tender meat as the woman winced in pain.
     He shifted his mouth downward, then began to lick her pussy,
prying her cunt lips apart as his tongue delved deep within her. He
rose up like a mountain and then got out of bed. He calmly,
tauntingly, stripped before her angry, fearful eyes.
     When his giant black cock sprang free he laughed in
appreciation as her eyes widened.
     "Yeah, baby. That's all for you."
     He grabbed her hair and pulled her out of bed, turning on the
light to see her better.
     "Hmmmm MMmmm. Nice body for a cop."
     He forced her down on her knees before him and rubbed his
hardened organ over her face, then left her there as he moved to
her dresser. He flipped through her purse, examining her gun, then
her badge.
     "Well, Stephanie. Say, what do they call you, Stephie? Steph?"
He picked up an opened letter and examined it.
     "Stevie? How cute."
     He opened the closet and looked inside, pulling out her
uniform, then her Sam Browne belt, with it's handcuff case, ammo
pouch, holster and nightstick holder. He removed the nightstick and
turned, moving his eyes up and down as he licked his lips and
leered at her.
     She jumped to her feet and ran to the closed bedroom door. She
tried to press her back against it and turn the knob with her
cuffed hands. He padded over slowly as she attempted to yank the
door open. She hadn't seen the black he'd put beneath it and was
frantically trying to yank the door open as he stepped over to her.
     He held the long, thick nightstick like a dagger, and as she
struggled to pull the door inward, he thrust up into her crotch
with it, shoving his other hand against her chest to pin her to the
closed door. She screamed, the sound muffled, as the end of the
nightstick rammed into her cunt pad.
     He twisted it hard and forced it up between her pussy lips,
then, as she jerked and shuddered and howled into her gag, he
jammed it up into her cunt. Inch after inch of hard, brown polished
wood was jammed up into her cunt tunnel, until the whimpering,
grunting woman was forced to her toes by the pressure against her
guts.
     "Bet you've used this on your pussy before. Haven't you,
slut?" he hissed.
     He began to tear the nightstick in and out of her agonized
pussy, punching the end into her cervix with angry forceful
strokes. Stevie wept and moaned and shuddered helplessly.
     He gripped her hair finally and pulled her away from the door.
He forced her across the room, the nightstick still buried in her
fuck tunnel, then shoved her against a dresser and pulled out a
chair from the nearby vanity.
     He sat down as she slumped against the wall and stared at him
in terror. The nightstick slowly slid down out of her cunt and
dropped to the floor with a soft thump.
     "What you're gonna do, cop girl, is come over her and drop
your cunt down on my prick here. You're gonna do all the work for
me, and if it ain't good enough I'll get your kids in to help.
Understand?"
     He smiled nastily and held his cock up for her.
     "Let's go, slut," he snapped.
     She shuffled forward, her body shaking, then widened her legs
and straddled the chair. He held his cock upright as she lowered
her ass gently down. His hand gripped her hair, forcing her face
against his. He held it in place, his eyes locked onto hers as she
sank down onto his cock.
     She gave a startled gasp and jerked up briefly when she felt
his cocktip against her slit, but then slowly eased back down. She
tried to close her eyes as his cock pushed up into her but he
snarled at her to open them. He stared into her eyes as she sank
down, as his thick fuck pole slid up into her belly.
     She shuddered and groaned with barely three fourths of it
inside her, and tried to rise again. He sniggered and slid a hand
onto her ass, jerking her forward and down as he thrust up. She
screamed into her gag as his cock thrust up into her guts and her
ass cheeks flattened against his thighs.
     He gave her little time to recover, and soon she was humping
up and down, sliding her pussy up and down his thick organ,
grinding her hips into him and pressing her soft melons against his
face. He pumped a load of steamy cock milk into her pussy, then
ordered her to rise, turn around, and lower herself again.
     She complied with a moan, and this time he pressed his cock
against her asshole. She struggled briefly, but he pulled her down
by the hair, forcing her to impale herself on his long steel hard
prong. He bounced her up and down on his thighs, his hands
squeezing her tits as his cock slid up and down in her asshole,
then sprayed another load of sticky cum into her anus.
     He took a number of pictures of her, posing her in various,
obscene ways. After a while he felt confident enough in her
acceptance of what was happening to remove her gag. She had already
been raped and sodomized so he figured she wouldn't do anything at
this point to wake her kids.
     He was right. She was sullen, angry, but weary and resigned.
She sucked his cock and hardly even tried to fight him as he forced
it down her throat. He didn't cum there, wanting to save it and his
hard-on. 
     He gave her a dildo and made her fuck herself as he took
pictures. She never lost her sullen look, though, which spoiled
things a little. He made her put on her uniform then strip slowly
as he video taped her. It took a number of angry threats before she
put enough life into the performance to satisfy him.
     After she'd stripped she fucked herself with the nightstick,
first in the cunt, then in the asshole, writhing and moaning as he
filmed it. She had paused when he'd given her the stick, as if
considering her chances. Apparently she decided that, even with the
stick, her chances against a man his size were zilch.
     He cuffed her hands behind her back and put her on the floor,
on her back, then forced her feet up behind her head like he had
the computer girl, tying them there. She stared out from between
her legs with fury and rage, but could do little about her
demeaning, degrading position.
     Her ass and cunt stuck out lewdly as he pawed them and knelt,
chuckling, over her. He stood up and lifted her by the ankles,
using them like a handle and carrying her across the room like a
piece of luggage. He lifted her onto the dresser, then took out her
badge and stuck it into her ass.
     He stuck a dildo up her ass, forced her nightstick up her
cunt, then left her like that. Before he left the house he called
the police, reporting an orgy involving underage girls.
     He chuckled all the way home.
