========================================
June 8, 1982 - Rimun Enterprises, New York office
3:47 PM
========================================

     "It's still climbing, Mr. Lu.  It was past 67 when I came up
here."

     "Idiot!  Do something!"

     The young assistant cringed.  "What...what can we do?  It's
over."

     "Why do I put up with your useless incompetence?  It's fools
like you that got us in to this!  Get out!  GET OUT!"  The small
man behind the desk raged shrilly, waving his arms like a windmill
with a seizure.  The assistant, knowing that silence was prudent at
times like these, withdrew silently.

     Lu turned to the older man sitting quietly on the sofa in the
plush office.  "It's not my fault," he began, "how was I to know
that they would pay greenmail?  Or that they'd find a white knight
for takeover?  My tender offer at 56 was right.  It's those idiots
that work for me.  They couldn't discover a..."

     "Enough!" spat the older man.  Though his tone was harsh, his
face and posture remained calm.  "You shame yourself, to heap blame
upon your subordinates.  It was reported to you last week that a
13-D was filed by this 'white knight' you said you knew nothing
about.  I saw you receive this information myself.  Do you call me
a liar?"

     "No, of course not, but..."

     "Even now, as I remind you, I see you do not recall this.  Let
me now add to your shame."  The old man paused.  "The meaningless
company that took a position last week in Softdyne was called ALHC,
Inc.  You did not know the name, and so ignored the threat."  The
old man rose and turned to face Lu, his face still a mask.  "ALHC
is Amanda Loring Holding Company, and is wholly owned by Amanda
Loring.  Once again, this female has defeated you."

     Lu drew a sharp intake of breath.  "But...I...she..."

     "I go now to report to your father," the old man said.  

     "Wait!  Please, don't... I mean, let me...." Lu sputtered.  "I
will have her taken care of, I swear it!"

     The old man's eyes darkened.  "You are already shamed.  Do not
dishonor yourself further."  His voice softened slightly.  "Not
everyone could sit in this chair.  It is best to accept this
gracefully."  He paused, weighing his words carefully.  "Whatever
else, your father loves you.  He will find a place for you
elsewhere.  Do not soil your name now by refusing to accept a
defeat that was dealt you honorably."

     A moment later Lu was alone in the office.  The comments about
dishonor meant nothing to him - cheap rhetoric from old men who
didn't understand modern life, he thought wildly.  He used the
telephone twice.  The second call was cut short by a refusal to
discuss such business over the phone.  An appropriate meeting was
arranged for later that evening.

          ==============-

     "I want her hurt, you understand me?  Hurt bad.  And I want
her to know not to fuck with me again.  Get her bad.  I want her to
know I can reach out anytime I want and brush her pathetic
little..."

     "Sir," interrupted his guest, "my methods are not subject to
discussion.  I will guarantee the results you seek.  I will not
divulge any information about how those results are obtained.  Nor
is my price subject to negotiation."

     "What is it?" asked Lu.

     His guest passed over a small sheet of paper.  Lu glanced at
it and his eyes widened.  "No way!  That's completely out of line."

     The other man nodded politely.  "Thank you, sir, for your
time."  He arose.

     "Wait!"  A pause.  "Hell, it's only money, right?"  Lu thought
frantically to himself.  He still had signature authority for the
cash accounts at the brokerage house.  He could make this happen. 
"Sure, sure.  It's a deal."

     His guest bowed slightly.  "Thank you, sir.  We will notify
you when the project is complete."



========================================
July 4, 1982 - Golden Gate Park, San Francisco
========================================

     Fifteen year old Jenny Loring picked her way carefully back
towards the beach blanket that she and Todd had laid out.  The
Port-a-John bathrooms had been set up to be convenient for the
crowd that had turned out to see the annual fireworks show over the
park.  She and Todd and Linda and Jeff had all come out together,
but as the fireworks ended Todd had talked her into bringing their
blanket into a secluded area for a little while.  She went
willingly enough, even though it was getting harder and harder for
her to stop Todd at the right place.  Last weekend, his hand had
gone between her legs, deliciously exciting, and she had allowed
him to press and rub her for a time before she had breathlessly
made him stop.  Sometimes, just thinking about Todd touching her
(and, though she had not dared to yet, her touching him) was enough
to make her breath catch in shivery excitement.  She was pretty
sure she loved him.  That made it all the more difficult to do the
right thing and make him stop, but she was convinced she would not
be a Bad Girl.  Not, she reminded herself, at fifteen, anyway. 
That was Too Young.

     A rustle in the bushes made her pause, suddenly tense.  Then
she heard a pitiful sound, a low meow coming from her right.  It
was clearly a cat, and it sounded hurt.  The poor thing!  The
pretty redhead was a soft touch for all animals, and her heart went
out to the poor creature, alone in the darkness.  "Pss pss pss,"
she whispered softly.  "Where are you, puss-puss?"  She moved
towards the sound.  "Are you OK?"  Where was it?  "Pss pss pss,"
she tried again.

     She was vaguely conscious of a large dark shape looming over
her, an instant before the cloth descended on her face.  There was
a brief, panicked gasp of air, which tasted funny, and then
nothing.

========================================
July 5, 1982 - San Francisco Police Department
1:55 AM
========================================

     "Now, let's go over the ear  Are you
sure that you and she didn't have a fight of some kind?"

     "I already told you, no!  Everything was fine!"

     "Hey, c'mon, kid."  Detective Sattler leaned forward.  "Maybe
when you and she took off by yourselves.... I know how it is. 
These gals shake it in your face, then they get offended when you
try to get serious, right?"

     "It wasn't like that!  I love her!"  Todd trembled with anger
and exhaustion.
     "OK, Todd."  Sattler got up and headed towards the door. 
"Wait right here and the officer will be in to get you."  He paused
at the door.  "Todd?"  The youngster looked up.  "I'm...I'm sorry."

          ==============-

     "Mrs. Loring, I'm very sorry.  We can't take a Missing Persons
report until she's been gone for twenty-four hours.  The best thing
you can do is finish calling that list of friends you gave me. 
Nine times out of ten, they're just off with somebody they know."




========================================
July 5, 1982 - Somewhere on US 101 South
2:30 AM
========================================

     "You wanna stop?  There's a 24 hour McDonalds somewhere along
here."

     "Fried fat and sugar?  Shit, that stuff'll kill you."

     "Yeah, well... we all gotta die of somethin'."

     "True - but I'm gonna choose what I die from."  A pause.  "You
see a 24 hour McPussy, you pull over.  I'll die happy."  Guttural
laughter.

     "Hey - how long before that stuff wears off?"

     "You gave her the full hypo?  Six or eight hours, it's the new
stuff.  She'll be fine in the trunk."

     "Hey - before we turn her over, you think we might...you
know...?"

     "No way.  They'll fucking kill us.  'Undamaged goods!'  These
people are way serious about this shit, too."  A pause.  "You
remember that big guy?  I don't wanna fuck with him."

     "Yeah...yeah, never mind."

     Silence.

     "So who do you like for the pennant?"



========================================
July 5, 1982 - The Loring home, Nob Hill
9:20 AM
========================================
     "Hello?"

     "Amanda Loring?"

     "Yes?"

     "You're pretty smart, huh?"

     "What...who is this?"

     "Smart woman like you, in business - should know you're going
to make people upset.  Important people.  That's stupid."

     "Look, don't...don't hurt my baby girl.  Whatever you want,
I'll...I'll do."

     "The fewer stupid things you do from now on, the easier it
will be on your daughter.  And you got two more kids to worry
about.  Think about that next time you're making a deal, smart
lady."  Click.

     "Hello?  Hello?"



========================================
July 8, 1982 - The Compound, Thon Buri, Thailand
2:15 PM
========================================

     The girl stirred and opened her eyes.  The effects of over two
days of almost constant tranquazzled her
squinting eyes.  Where was she?  She tried to think.  She
remembered... fireworks, and being with Todd... and then, what? 
She concentrated.  Vague memories of being given some shots, and
feeling very silly and sleepy.  A plane?  

     Jenny sat bolt upright in panic.  She was in a small room,
austere in the extreme: a small cot, a number of plastic crates
stacked on their sides, in which items of clothing seemed to be
stored, and a basin with water and a towel.  She pulled herself to
her feet.  The sun was coming from a window set high in one wall;
this and a door on the opposite side were the only breaks in the
otherwise featureless walls.  As she got to her feet she realized
there was an unpleasant weight on her neck.  She reached up and
touched the heavy collar, then ran her hand around to the back,
looking for a way to release it.  She found a boxy protuberance at
the back of neck, but no evident way to remove the collar.

    She looked down at herself.  She was dressed only in a short
gossamer robe, which did absolutely nothing to hide her body.  She
looked wildly around.  What had happened to her?  "Hey!" she
yelled.  "Help!"  She looked at herself again, realizing that when
somebody came, she'd be practically naked.  She sifted through the
clothes in the plastic cases, reddening as she came upon on one
bizarre costume after another: bras that would leave nipples
exposed, panties with no crotch, garter belts and stockings. 
Nothing in the stack would cover her much better than the sheer
garment she was wearing.

    Jenny was wrapping the sheet from the bed around herself in an
impromptu toga when her door opened.  She turned to face her
visitor.  The new arrival walked carefully into the room carrying
a tray in front of her.  She was wearing the same style gossamer
robe as Jenny was, a dark heavy collar, and nothing else.

    "Hey!  Am I glad to see you!  Where...am..."  Jenny's voice
trailed off as she realized the woman was not paying the slightest
bit of attention to her.  She put the tray down and backed out of
the room, and that action galvanized Jenny into motion.  As the
door began to swing shut, she leapt forward and forced it open,
saying, "Hey, wait a.....Agh!"  This last came as she crossed the
doorway.  The box at the back of her neck emitted a steady two-
toned beep: high, low, high, low; at the same instant a fiery pain
shot through her, and she fell back.  The beeping and shocking pain
stopped immediately.

     When the man stepped into the room, Jenny was frantically
tugging at her collar, to no avail.  "Stop that," the man said,
deceptively calm.  Jenny looked up.

     "What...what's going on here?  Where am I?  What have..."

     "Silence!"  The girl fell still.  "You will listen
attentively.  Whatever your previous existence was - it is over. 
Your life begins anew here and now.  You will work diligently to
learn the skills, duties, and demeanor requisite to graduation from
this establishment and to pleasing your eventual owner."

     "Owner?  What do...aughhh!"  The pain hit again, this time
accompanied by a steady tone.  The man let her writhe for fifteen
or twenty seconds, then released the button on the small unit he
was holding.

     "You will not speak except when spoken to.  Repeat it after
me."

     "My mom is a very....aughh!"

     "You will not speak unless spoken to."

     Tears were rolling down the young girl's face.  "I...I will
not speak unless spoken to."

     The man strode forward until he was in front of the abased
teenager and flung the sheet away from her body.

     "You will clothe yourself only as we permit."

     "Wait, I...auggh!"

     "You will clothe yourself only as we permit."

     "I...I will clothe myself only as you permit."

     The man reached down and fondled the young breasts before him. 
Jenny flinched back and received another jolt as punishment.

     "Your body is ours to do with as we please."

     "Please, no. I can't.....auggh!"

     "Your body is ours to do with as we please."

     The girl was crying hysterically now, and could not get the
words out.

     She suffered for that disobedience as well.



========================================
July 11, 1982 - The Compound
9:45 PM
========================================

     "The middle one, girl.  As you were taught."

     Jenny rose from the bed and glided forward, her head
submissively down.  As she approached the middle man, she knelt and
placed her hands at her sides.  Still looking down, she said
softly, "Does the master wish to make use of this servant?"

     The man leaned forward and caressed Jenny's face softly, then
ran his hand down her chest, cupping a young breast through the
robe and squeezing.  Jenny's face tightened in discomfort, but she
made no sound.  A look of distaste crossed her face as the man
untied the drawstring of his trousers and pushed a large,
uncircumcised cock into Jenny's face.  She grimaced but opened her
mouth obediently and sucked in the member.

     A tiny part of her mind was screaming, repelled at this
obscene enterprise, but was easily overpowered by the overriding
fear of pain.  Two days ago, she had screamed and fought this act. 
It had earned her burning punishments from Gracious Thien.  Not
content with the electric punishment that the collar offered, Thien
had taken to her lower legs with a thin, supple cane.  The pain had
been indescribable.  Jenny had done what they wanted.  Over and
over again, seemingly no end to the parade of erect members that
was presented to her.  It meant nothing now to her but a way to
avoid more punishment.
     When it was over, she had been returned to her room, there to
sob herself to sleep with the taste of semen in her mouth.

     It had begun again the next day.

     By now she was hardened to it, and was able to speak her lines
about master and servant appropriately.  She pistoned her head back
and forth over the growing cock, knowing that the sooner the man
came, the sooner the ugly act would be over.  She was not permitted
to use her hands - unless the master wanted her too, of course -
and it took the man a long time to come.  At his moment of release,
he held her head down and forced her to swallow his release; this
too was nothing new.  As he softened, the man pulled out of Jenny's
mouth and rubbed his glistening cock around the redhead's face,
leaving a trail of semen and saliva.  He stepped back and drew up
his trousers.  

     Jenny awaited her next instruction.  Nobody spoke, but the box
on her collar began a series of long beeps - dah, dah, dah, spaced
a second apart.  There were many codes she had to learn, but this
one was one of the first, and easy.  She arose and stripped off her
garments, then sank back to a waiting position.

     Gracious Chiou's voice came quietly from behind her.  "Which
of you remaining cares to be next?"



========================================
October 29, 1982 - FBI, San Francisco Field Office
10:00 AM
========================================

     "Ma'am, I appreciate your position.  But please understand
mine.  We cannot keep a twenty-four hour surveillance on your
family indefinitely.  It's been over three months, and all you have
to go on is one phone call.  Which may or may not have been real."

     Amanda Loring was silent.  She knew the voice had been real;
she had heard the menace in it.  And she knew who was behind it. 
"What about talking to Lu again?  Maybe..."

     "Ma'am, we can't.  His attorneys have warned us that they'll
seek a court order prohibiting us from further 'harassment' if we
talk to him again without additional evidence."  The SAC paused. 
He knew how this woman must feel; he had two little girls of his
own, and he'd kill anyone who tried to harmed them.  But there was
nothing he could do here.  "Ms. Loring - I'm very sorry, but I have
to recall the agents assigned to protection duty.




========================================
November 1, 1982 - The Compound, Thon Buri, Thailand
6:50 PM
========================================

     Jenny exhaled slowly as the man behind her began to ride his
erect penis in and out of her ass.  This one, the large American,
liked the thought of hurting the girls, so it was all right to let
out little yelps of pain and discomfort.  Not too much, though, for
he also liked any excuse to punish.  Gracious T'ung had instructed
her to accept whatever was meted out.

     "Oh, yes, yes...uh, you tight-assed bitch...oh, yeah.... yeah,
you like it, don't you?  Yeah, oh"  The man's
voice came a little breathlessly as he began to increase his speed,
pushing his flesh deeper into the young girl's bowels.  "Uh, that's
in there, yeah... oh, yeah... yes, you love it, you cunt... uh,
that's right... you're so fucking tight, yes... "  He paused in his
reverie to reach down and land a stinging slap on the redhead's
outside thigh.  "Move a little, you cunt."  

     Jenny began to move.



========================================
December 3, 1982 - Si-Lah Gardens, Bangkok
1:15 AM
========================================

     The small Thai man barked out a series of orders in his sing-
song native tongue.  The Asian girl with Jenny lay back, but Jenny
was confused, not understanding what was expected of her.  The Thai
touched a series of buttons, and the box on Jenny's collar emitted
a fast series of beeps in a complicated sequence.  Jenny
immediately turned around and buried her face between the Asian
girl's legs and began to lap at her cunt.  The girl moaned and
began to hump her crotch upwards into the pretty redhead's face,
and Jenny redoubled her efforts, her small pink tongue flicking
rapidly up and over and around, helping build the other's release. 

     When she felt the man behind her, she spread her legs
incitingly and raised her ass, not missing one stroke with her
tongue. The virtue she had guarded so carefully in her former life
was now to be sacrificed to a man she had not known ten minutes,
for a payment of 15,000 baht to her owners.

     The small cock, appropriately lubricated, slipped into her
virgin pussy with a minimum of discomfort, and the man began to
move, mumbling in Thai.  The situation was evidently too
stimulating for him, he lasted perhaps a dozen strokes and began to
spurt wildly into the tight channel.  He withdrew his cock and
admired with satisfaction the bright red bloodstain that now
adorned it.

     Buried between the legs of the other girl, the single tear
that trickled down Jenny's face was not seen by anyone, nor would
have mattered if it had been.



========================================
January 7, 1984 - A club near the east bank of the Chao 
Phraya River, Bangkok, Thailand
11:45 PM
========================================

     "Morty - let's hit the road.  I'm tired of this fucking Chink
pussy."  He paused to swallow the rest of his beer.  "I'm tired of
fucking this Chink pussy, too," he finished with a lopsided grin.

     "No, no - this is the place I was telling you about.  Wait,
here they come."

     The parade included a few Asian girls, but an excellent
assortment of different ethnic types as well.  Mort's attention was
immediately drawn to the stunning redhead.  "How much for her?"

      "All night, or just hour?" from the manager.

      "Just the hour."

      "Just you, or your friend too?"

      "Both of us.ld are you, anyway?"      

     "Sixteen, master."

     "Hey, you get that - 'master'.  Damn."

     Jenny's eyes were lowered, and she knelt in the submissive
posture she knew well.  She didn't protest when Mort's limp penis
pushed at her face; she just turned to the side and engulfed it,
then spread her legs for him when he was ready.

     She did cry out when the other man's pleasure turned out to be
whipping her repeatedly with his leather belt, but only because he
wanted her to cry out.  She dutifully repeated what he told her to say:
"No, Daddy, I'll be good.  Please don't."  And she didn't protest
when he rolled her over and jammed his cock into her, his jiggling
soft body pinning her down.  She even knew when it was time to say,
"Oh, yes, Daddy.  Fuck me.  Fuck me with your big, hard cock."  And
she gasped and moaned with ersatz pleasure beneath the man as he
shuddered and spasmed in orgasm.  

     She cleaned his cock with her mouth when he was done.



========================================
April 17, 1986 - UPI
========================================

excerpts:

...and among the arrested was an American woman identified as
reported missing from the West Coast in 1982.  Early reports
indicate that she was abducted from the San Francisco area and
transported to Thailand, where she was forced into prostitution. 
The Thailand Ministry of Justice indicated that the woman would be
released to the custody of the American consulate, and plans are
being made to return her to the United States.

In response to this incident, the White House today issued a strong
condemnation of nations that permit black-market sex trafficking to
occur.  Some estimates place Thailand as one of the world's leading
offenders, with over....




========================================
April 18, 1986 - San Francisco International Airport
9:50 AM
========================================

     As the United plane's door opened, the two federal agents
exited quickly, bringing the passive girl along through the busy
'B' concourse, moving through the Friday morning airport bustle
with practiced ease.  She had not said much to them since they'd
picked her up at the consulate, although she answered their
questions clearly and calmly.  She had replied that yes, she had
had a terrible experience; yes, she was glad she'd been rescued;
and sure, she was looking forward to seeing her mom and sisters. 
She initiated no conversation of her own.

     The trio had just stepped off the first moving walkway and
into the crowd when Special Agent Benson's beeper went off.  "Rats
- they don't waste any time, do they?"  He turned to his partner. 
"Listen, let me just..."  He stopped, dumbfounded.

     Without hesitation Jenny had begun to strip.
