  ษอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออป
  บ    NICCOLE'S COTTON PANTIES     บฑ
  บ An Adult Fantasy by Day Dreamer บฑ
  ศอออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออผฑ
   ฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑฑ



   I'm not given to voyeurism, but this time I couldn't help it.
   Niccole, my eighteen-year-old niece, had left her bedroom door
open, and there I was, standing in the hallway out-side watching her
put on her nightie. The thin material had tangled in her hair and
bunched over her face. Trying to separate hair and gown, and unaware
of my presence, she was oblivious of the scene she presented.
   And a delightful scene it was. It was wrong to spy like this on the
forbidden fruit of my niece, but I was caught up, mesmerized, unable
to tear my eyes away.
   How Niccole had changed! When I'd last seen her some three years
before, she'd been was a thin, straggly girl with braces on her teeth
and a flat bosom barely hinting at the swells of womanhood. From what
I could now see, it was obvious that womanhood had not been long
delayed. Her body was now fully developed, and she was definitely and
completely a woman. Her breasts were large and firm, standing out from
her body with only a little jiggle to declare them flesh and blood.
Pert brown nipples topped them, each circled by a wide, crepe-crinkled
areola. Below, a tiny waist, no more than twenty-two inches at the
most. Flaring hips descended to graceful thighs, wide at the top,
tapering to perfectly formed knees and calves. An unbidden surge of
arousal flowed through me. Despite her being my niece, despite
Niccole's mother -- my divorced older sister -- being asleep in her
room at the end of the hall, my cock was swelling.
   One aspect of the scene puzzled me. Niccole, though obviously a
mature, grown woman, was wearing plain, white cotton panties. Not
high-cut or bikini, but full-cut panties that covered her in thick
material from waist to thigh. In stark contrast to the message sent by
her fully developed body, the panties imposed a virginal, little-girl
aspect on her appearance.
   I thought girls stopped wearing cotton panties at menarche -- that
silken underwear and womanhood came at the same time. I admit, though,
that her cotton panties worked a strange magic on me. They made her
concealed treasures even more forbidden, more school-girl alluring,
than silken panties could have done. I couldn't tear my eyes away, but
continued to watch, pre-come leaking from my cock.
   Niccole's nightie finally dropped around her body. She looked up
and saw me standing there, watching. Our eyes met and held for a
moment, silently. I came to my senses at that point and started
apologizing, almost stammering in my need to explain my voyeurism.
Niccole just smiled.
   "I'm the one who's sorry, Uncle Will. It's my fault. I shouldn't
have been changing clothes with my door open."
   As much to show she wasn't angry as to continue the practice she
had followed since I had been in her house, Niccole came up to me with
a goodnight kiss. Usually it was just a peck on the cheek, but this
evening she kissed me lightly upon the lips instead. She must have
just licked her lips because the kiss was moist and warm. Her breasts,
the nipples burned my chest through her thin nightie.
   The next morning, my sister Ann left for work before either Niccole
or I had awakened. I had been staying with her and Niccole for two
weeks and would probably be there another couple of weeks. I had taken
a new job in their town and Ann insisted that I stay with them while
waiting for my job to start and construction on the apartment I was
going to rent to be completed. I helped pay expenses and Ann was
pleased to have a man around the house. But I still tried to take care
of some of the housework and cooking. For mornings, that meant
breakfast for me and Niccole -- Ann only had a quick cup of coffee
before work.
   The aroma of bacon lured Niccole from her bed; she appeared in the
kitchen just as the toaster popped.
   "Breakfast is served, princess," I said, setting her plate on the
breakfast counter. Clad more modestly now in a robe, Niccole hoisted
herself onto the bar stool and started on scrambled eggs. I sat across
from her with mine. We ate in silence. When we finished, I refilled
our cups. Sipping my coffee, I apologized again for the previous
night. She smiled, reached out and patted my hand
   "Oh poo, Uncle Will. Just stop that. I left my door open and put on
a show. It was my fault, and I hereby officially apologize. It's
usually just us girls and I forgot about having one of you men-folk
around. Now, I won't hear anymore about it. Especially you saying
anything to my mother. Okay?"
   I continued to hold her hand, stroking and squeezing it. I smiled
back at her and said, "Okay. If you say so, it's a deal."
   "Including the part about mother?"
   "Especially the part about Ann," I said, smiling even wider. "But
there's one thing I would like to say."
   "There is? What's that?"
   "Well, there wasn't much left to my imagination last night, and I
want to say that you've turned into one hell of a beautiful woman."
   Niccole blushed a little and seemed very pleased. "Thank's, Uncle
Will. That's a sweet thing to say, and you're sweet for saying it."
She leaned across, kissed me lightly on the lips, and said "Thank
you," again.
   Niccole looked down at her plate and was silent, almost pensive.
   "What's the matter, Nikki? Is something wrong, Baby?"
   "There was something bad about your seeing me like that. You saw my
darkest secret." Niccole's expression was sad.
   "I don't know. You had panties on so I couldn't see everything, but
if what I saw was a dark, bad secret, then all girls should have the
same secret," I replied, laughing softly.
   At first she looked puzzled, but then she put her hands up to her
breasts, cupping and squeezing them. "Oh, you mean these. No, these
aren't what I'm talking about. Besides," she said, starting to smile a
little, "I could hardly keep these secret."
   Suddenly, Niccole reached down and pulled the hem of her robe up
past the edge of her panties. "This is what I'm talking about. Cotton
panties! White cotton panties! Just like training pants!" She sounded
angry. "I'm not a little girl anymore, I'm a grown woman -- a grown
woman who has to wear little girl's cotton panties."
   "Why wear them, then? Why not get some grown-up panties?" I asked,
not understanding her anger.
   "Because Mother still buys all my clothes for me, that's why. You
know mother. You ought to, she's your sister. Conservative and
practical to a fault. She still thinks of me as her little girl and
buys me cotton panties."
   "Have you spoken to her about it?"
   "Yes, but she just smiles and says, `Well, dear, cotton panties are
cheaper, you know.' That shuts me up because I know we don't have much
money. After food, rent and my college costs, the little she makes on
her job and what I make on my part-time job doesn't leave anything for
frivolous things. It takes every penny we earn us to pay for college
and necessities." Niccole sat there, dejected, and began to cry.
   "Oh, God, just listen to me. I sound like all the selfish bitches
in the world rolled into one." She looked up at me, drying her tears,
and said, "I'm sorry about this tirade, Will. I'm not really selfish.
It's just that every now and then, I get frustrated and blue. I sure
wish I could grow up and get this part of my life behind me."
   "Well, I don't know whether it will help you feel better, but I can
tell you this: Last night, in those cotton panties, you were about the
sexiest woman I've ever seen."
   Niccole reached captured my other hand as well. "Will, you're the
nicest uncle a girl could have." Then, laughing through her tears, she
added, "Or do you tell that to all your naked nieces?"
   I couldn't help but laugh in return. "Since my only other niece is
two-year old Susie, that would be hard to do."
   "That a very nice compliment, and I thank you for it, but it
doesn't do much for my confidence around boys. I've had dates, and
gotten pretty hot and heavy with several boys, but when time comes to
get down to the nitty-gritty, I think about the boy seeing me in
cotton panties and back off. Now that really has been frustrating,"
she said, with a little rueful laugh. "Although Mother doesn't know
it, I've been on the pill for two years. Except for a couple of times
when I was in a bathing suit and didn't have to worry about the boy
seeing my panties, being on the pill hasn't done much for me. I know
it's probably all in my head, particularly since you said they are
sexy, but I really feel stymied by the curse of cotton panties."
   "I'd like to play Dutch Uncle, if you'll let me," I said.
   "What do you mean, `Dutch Uncle?'"
   "Wait here," I said. I went to my bedroom, got my wallet, and took
out a hundred dollar bill. I folded it into my hand and went back into
the kitchen. I reached for Niccole's hand and put the bill into it.
   "This afternoon, before you go to classes, I want you to go to the
store and buy yourself the silkiest, sexiest underwear you can find. I
know you'll have to hide them from your mom, but at least you'll have
them for dates and whenever else you want to feel sexy and good about
yourself."
   "Oh, I couldn't do that," Niccole said, softly.
   "That's why I said 'Dutch Uncle,' Niccole. It's against the rules
to say 'No' to a Dutch Uncle."
   "Oh, Will, I like 'Nice Uncle' better than 'Dutch Uncle.'" She put
her arms around my neck and kissed me full on the lips. The kiss was
hard and wet. My lips parted instinctively and Niccole responded in
kind. Our tongues touched momentarily, jolting me. Niccole broke the
kiss and pulled back.
   "Uncle's naughty, too," she whispered. Her eyes sparkled, and I
could tell she was excited. "I can hardly wait to go shopping this
afternoon." She left to get ready for school.
   When Niccole returned from class that evening, she passed me in the
hall and whispered, "I went shopping this afternoon. I bought some of
the nicest silk undies you can imagine. In the morning, after Mom goes
to work, I'll show them to you."
   She seemed pleased with herself, and I was pleased for her, pleased
at my part in making her so happy. I dreamed of her that night. In my
dream, though, she wasn't dressed in frilly underthings, but in plain,
white cotton panties.
   The next morning I got up and fixed breakfast as usual. Niccole
came down looking absolutely beautiful. She seemed to have been up a
while. Her hair was tied back with a ribbon and she had put on just
the lightest amount of makeup. Stunning, I thought to myself; the only
possible word for the beautiful girl standing there in robe and
slippers is stunning.
   I served our breakfast and, sitting across from each other, we ate.
Niccole looked at me between bites, smiling as though with a secret
she was bursting to share. We finished and put our plates in the
dishwasher. Niccole turned and gave me a light kiss. It was a
butterfly lighting on my lips.
   "What's that for?" I asked.
   "For being such a nice uncle."
   "Being nice to you is awfully easy."
   "I'm glad you feel that way, because I spent almost all your
hundred dollars," Niccole said with a musical laugh. "Now I'm going to
show you what you bought. I'm to my room and I'll call you when
everything's ready. Okay?"
   "Sure. I'll be waiting right here," I answered, wondering what she
might be planning. I'd expected her to produce the department store
boxes and display the new undies. Apparently she had something else in
mind. My pulse beat faster as I conjured up various interesting
possibilities.
   "Okay, you can come look now," Niccole's voice came from the hall.
Following her voice, I went to her bedroom. The door was open and I
looked into the room. Standing there, in exactly the same spot where
she'd been the other night, was Niccole. The scene was different.
though. Niccole was now dressed in a pair of pale yellow, lacy bikini
panties and a filmy, see-through bra of the same color. Just the two
silky wisps and nothing more.
   My use of the word "stunning" in thinking of Niccole had been truly
prescient; the sight of her in flimsy silk with a demure, sweet smile
on her face did in fact stun me. She was a lovely young goddess, the
vision of boyhood wet dreams, the theme of erotic fantasies, the
embodiment of feminine sexuality.
   "Well, what do you think?"
   My mouth was so dry I could hardly speak. I stammered, "My God,
Nikki! Stunning! Absolutely stunning! But you shouldn't be doing this.
What if your mother should come in, what would she think?"
   "Mom's never here this time of day, so don't worry about it. As for
`doing this,' you saw me in a lot less the other night. There's
nothing here you haven't already seen. I'm not embarrassed, so don't
you be either. In fact," she said with a smile no longer demure, "I'm
enjoying this. Now go back to the kitchen and let me change into
another set. I want you to see all my new things."
   I left the room with a raging hard-on. I was naked under my robe,
and my boner bulged the front. `God, I hope she didn't notice,' I
thought. By force of will I tried to make the hard-on go down, but
achieved little before Niccole called me back.
   She wore loose silken panties and a matching camisole, so sheer as
to be virtually transparent. The dark points of her nipples poked the
fabric and the encircling areolae were visible through the sheer silk.
A hint of dark bush showed where the panties caressed her crotch.
   "What do you think? I hope you like them--I love them! They feel
just like I imagined they would. The cloth is so smooth against my
skin. Come feel how smooth it is."
   Entranced, I reached out placed my hands on her shoulders. The
fabric must indeed have been silk: slick, smooth and sensual.
   "Here. Here's where it's the smoothest," she said. "Feel here."
Niccole took my hands and lowered them to her breasts.
   Delirious, I sailed the swells, palming her nipples.
   "Oh, yes, "she crooned, "So smooth, so smooth." Taking my hands
again, she pushed them down to her hips.
   "Feel my panties, too. They're even silkier," she whispered. I
cupped her buttocks, searching the deep cleft and then further down.
She wriggled her breasts against my chest, rubbing them over me.
   "Oh, Will, I knew silk underwear would make me feel sexy. My God,
but they do. I'm even getting wet. Here, feel me."
   She guided my hand between her legs. The crotch of her new panties
was damp and the moisture enlivened my fingers. I toured the contours
of her pussy--soft cushion of hair and swollen lips. She rubbed
against my fingers and moaned, "Oh, God, Will, they make me feel so
sexy. You make me feel so sexy."
   Then, with a toss of her head: "Oh, golly, Will, here I am getting
carried away. What you must think of me. I've got one more set to show
you. Do your disappearing act again so I can change."
   Dutifully I returned to the kitchen. I was panting. God, didn't
that girl know what she was doing to me? The sopping pussy beneath her
panties made me even harder before and the front of my robe was
spotted with pre-come. The girl's no virgin, I thought. She must know
enough about sex to realize that seeing her like that would give King
Tut an erection. I stopped worrying about my hard-on and waited for
her call.
   "Okay, Will, I'm ready."
   Eagerly, I went to her room to view the final purchase. If it was
better than what I had already seen, I wasn't sure I could resist her.
I walked into the room.
   "I saved my favorite piece for last. I think it's the prettiest and
sexiest of all. What do you think?"
   What I saw destroyed thought. Niccole was clad in a smoke-gray,
spider-web-sheer teddy. It covered her shoulders with narrow buttoned
straps and molded her body, a second, diaphanous skin. Her breasts
strained the front, the nipples like fingertips testing the sheer
fabric. It molded her lightly rounded belly and her pussy, stretched
tight over the mound. The deep crease of her vulva showed clear
through the skin-tight fabric. Soft curls of pubic hair peeked from
the hem where it turned under to caress the secret core of her sex.
   "You like?" She turned slowly like a model displaying a new design.
   "Like? My God, Nikki, you're a wet dream come to life," I blurted.
   Niccole laughed musically. "Good! Then it looks as sexy as it makes
me feel. Come and touch it. If you thought the other one was smooth,
feel this!"
   I wanted to feel more than the teddy--I wanted to feel every inch
of Niccole, explore every crevice, run my tongue over every inch of
her body and taste every part of her. She took my trembling hands and
lifted them to her breasts.
   "This part here is the smoothest," she whispered. I ran my thumbs
over her nipples, and she shuddered. I circled fingertips around each
breast, and she sighed. "See. I told you it was smooth.
   "Thank you, Will, thank you. When I wear these I know I'll feel
like a woman, just as I do now. Thank you so much." Affirming her
words with her body, she put her lips to mine and kissed me. Her arms
wrapped my neck and she drew herself up tight to me.
   Any doubt that she was aware of my hard-on was gone. My cock was
erect beneath my robe and Niccole pulled herself hard against it.
   This time it was Niccole who opened her mouth. Her tongue searched
my lips and I opened them in invitation. She came into my mouth,
exploring, seeking. I gave it to her in swirling motions, making love
to her tongue with mine. She drew it back and opened her mouth even
wider, asking me to find it. I plumbed her mouth and immediately found
the goal. We breathed faster and harder, and her arms wrapped even
tighter about me. I dropped my hands to her buttocks and softly
kneaded them, pulling her pelvis ever closer. My cock rubbed her pussy
and she moaned into my mouth. She finally broke the kiss and asked,
"Is this wrong, Will?"
   "Does it feel wrong, Nikki?"
   "No. It's exactly right. If you'd said `yes' I'd have died right
here." She put her mouth to my ear and whispered, "The buttons are on
the shoulders. Undo them. I want to be naked."
   I eased a hand to her right shoulder and loosened the little pearl
button. One strap fell away. Then the other button and the teddy hung
in folds over her buttocks. Trembling hands ran over the naked flesh.
My touch was soft and stroking, little circles down her back. I
reached the outward flare of her buttocks, and caressed them with
feathery strokes. I traced the half-moons where buttock joined thigh
and took her buttocks in my hands and gently cradled them. They were
exquisitely smooth, smoother even than the silk that had covered them.
Niccole held me tight now, and the breath in my ear was almost a pant.
   "Oh, Will! That's so nice," she murmured.
   One hand explored the deep cleft between those sweet cheeks and
inched down, burrowing under the silk. My fingertips brushed across
her little crinkled anus and she caught her breath as I circled it. It
was moist, dampened by the flow of her arousal. Ever deeper, my
fingers found downy hair and then the bottom of her vulva. It was
soaking with the slick, hot starch secreted by the font between her
thighs. I stroked moving lightly in the outpouring lubrication. Her
breaths became moans, and she thrust her pelvis against me in small,
grinding circles. Niccole raised her face, parted lips hungrily
searching for mine. They found each other and we kissed wetly, mouth
to mouth and tongue to tongue.
   Niccole stepped back. The front of her teddy had been held up by
the pressure between our bodies, but with that pressure removed,
gravity took over and the bodice of Niccole's teddy dropped. Snow
white hills, heaving up and down from her breathing, were revealed to
my hungry sight. The sheer fabric fell to the floor. She stepped out
of it and took several steps backward, eager to show her body in its
entirety. She was beautiful. I no longer thought of her as my niece,
but as a desirable woman with whom I would make love.
   As in a trance, I touched her magnificent breasts. She arched her
back, seeking to make them as accessible as possible. I dropped my
hands lower and stroked her little tummy, circling the cavity of her
belly button. But my goal was a different cavity, the secret grotto
hidden between her thighs. I teased the soft curls of her pussy. My
finger found the top of her crease, then dipped into the swamp of her
femininity and found a fleshy button--her ripe, swollen clitoris, the
center of her flowing pleasure. She threw her head back and hoarsely
moaned, "Oh, God, Will! Yes! That's the spot! Right there!" Her pelvis
thrust in and out, moving her clitoris under my finger.
   Wanting to share her pleasure, Niccole untied my robe. I was naked
underneath and knew she'd soon be shown the undeniable proof of her
desirability. My robe fell open and she reached up to my shoulders,
pushing it off to the floor. Now we were both naked, visibly male and
female. My cock jutted at an almost perfect ninety degrees. It was
wet, slick and glistening with my juice, the lubricant that had been
flowing in anticipation of the plunge into Niccole's hot cunt.
   Niccole was also wet. As the soaking panties had indicated, her
flow was copious, soaking her cunt and the area between her thighs in
preparation for fucking.
   She grasped my cock. It was swollen, the head ripe and bulbous. The
urgency of her stroking suggested that she was near climax. She was
driving me close to my own orgasm also, and it was far too early. I
wanted to defer that sweet pleasure and concentrate on Niccole. I
suspected she was multi-orgasmic, and wanted to bring her to the
plateau of pleasure at least once before climbing the peak together.
   Reluctantly, I removed her hand from my cock and pressed her onto
the bed. She lay back with wide spread thighs. Her legs hung over the
edge and her feet touched the floor. I knelt between them and paused.
The center of her sex was before me and I savored the sight and aroma
of Niccole's arousal. Then I lowered my head and fed on her. My tongue
stroked up and down the swollen lips and brushed her clitoris. Niccole
jumped at the contact.
   "My God, Will! No one's ever done this to me before. It's
fantastic! Oh, please, yes, its so good."
   She moaned continuously, a soft mew of pleasure. Her pelvis moved
almost convulsively, up and down, in circles, as if not a part of her.
I pushed my tongue through the entrance of her vagina and extended it
to the maximum, feverishly mimicking the action for which my cock
throbbed and ached. Niccole arched her back and pushed her gaping
pussy to my mouth.
   "Oh, I'm there! I'm coming! I'm coming..."
   She locked her thighs around my head as spasm after spasm rocked
her pelvis. The heat of her climax warmed my mouth. I rode through her
convulsions, barely moving my tongue in her pussy as she gradually
descended her climactic peak.
   I stood up when she was still, my throbbing cock over her belly. A
drop of pre-come fell on Niccole's stomach, just above her pussy. She
caught it on her finger and smoothed it over her skin. She clasped my
cock, stroking, land looked up at me.
   "I want it, Will. I want all of you in me. Come fill me up."
   She spread her thighs wide and guided my cock to the shadowy hole
in her gaping pussy. I pushed forward and let her steer me home. The
head nudged the tight recess and entered. Her hands fell away. Now I
was in command.
   With a gentle pressure, I pushed into Niccole's hot, soaking cunt.
Unhurried, I entered inch by inch, savoring the pleasure of first
penetration. She was very tight. She might not have been a virgin, but
her vagina hadn't been much used. Corduroy walls grasped the cock that
slowly reamed into Niccole's deepest recesses. With a short final
thrust I was all the way in, buried to the very base of my cock in
Niccole's warm, wet cunt. Her legs came up and wrapped around my back,
her arms encircled my neck, and her mouth came to mine, open, wet and
loving.
   I withdrew half-way and plunged to the hilt in one sharp thrust.
She gasped into my mouth and drove her tongue, imitating the action of
my cock below. We started the rhythmic motion of love, pushing in and
out, twisting pelvis--reaming, withdrawing, thrusting. She matched
stroke for stroke.
   Niccole was breathing hard and fast, and I was beginning to gasp
and pant. She moaned and mewed with little soft squeals. Her hips
tilted up and her legs pulled tight around me. She clenched my neck
and her tongue was a wild animal in my mouth. Her sexual frenzy pulled
me to the feverish edge of my own climax.
   Niccole came and came and came. The walls of her pussy clutched at
my cock like fingers. Her vagina contracted and each convulsive
movement transferred to my sliding, thrusting cock. My cock jerked and
hot come made her pussy even wetter.
   "Yes! Give it me! Give it all to me!"
   I did. My orgasm went on and on; furious spurts, then faint
shudders and finally the warmth of my cock soaking in our combined
juices. I collapsed on Niccole, unable to stir, turned inside-out by
the massive orgasmic surge. We were both panting, gasping for breath.
Slowly, we came back. I rolled off her and we lay side by side holding
and fondling and caressing and murmuring.
   Niccole didn't make it to class that day. Instead, she made it with
me. In the bedroom, in the living room, and once in the shower. Not
once did she put on her new panties.
   I'm still Niccole's "Nice Uncle," and she visits my apartment
often. There is always a new pair of panties for her, and each time
she models them. When we're through, she leaves her cotton panties for
me. At night, I hold them under my nose and inhale Niccole's aroma,
anticipating the next visit.

========================================================================
Windy City Freedom Fortress (NixPix Net HQ)    
                                     708 564 1754
D-V-8 Freedom Fortress   (Deviate from the Norm)
                                     615-475-7064
NixPix Person-to-Person (for live, on-line CHATterboxes)
                                     708-223-4802
NixPix Denver (Inheritors of the mantle of the Original Nick)
                                     303 375 1263

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================

ออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ
This quality file was downloaded from...

         E  X  T  R  E  M  E
      ------------+------------      ฺฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฟ
                 /|\                  ณ                                 ณ
                / | \                 ณ   Portland Metro All Text BBS   ณ
               /  |  \                ณ                                 ณ
              /   |   \               ณ       14400: 503.775.0374       ณ
             /    |    \              ณ         SysOp: Thing One        ณ
            /     |     \             ณ                                 ณ
           /      |      \           ภฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤฤู
            d r e a m e s

