
                                 Cousin Jennifer

     I got the chance to give my cousin Jennifer her first lesbian orgasm
when she came to visit me at college. She was going to be attending the same
school in the fall and wanted to see it. She stayed in a spare room at my
sorority house. We had a very important house rule. NO ONE hits on family or
friends that are visiting. We never wanted any word of our sexual antics to
get back home.

     We had a party on Thursday night, small, no sex...boring for Jen. She
flirted with every guy she could. For fear of never having sex with anyone
from the sorority, ALL the boys left Jen alone. After the party I was
cleaning up and another sister came to tell me that there were noises coming
from Jen's room. Fearing that some stud had decided to stay and was humping
Jen's cunt, I rushed upstairs, threw open the door and found Jen busy pumping
away at her own cunt. I startled her and she tried to cover up. I walk to the
side of the bed and told her not to worry. She broke down and started sobbing
about how horny she was and how hard she tried to get her virgin cunt
deflowered by some (any) college stud. I told her that I understood and to
relax. I lifted her left arm off her big cheerleader tits. Her nipples were
very erect. I lifted her right hand off her cunt. I reached down with my
right hand and parted her hot wet pussy lips with my finger. I pushed it down
rubbing her clit and poking into her cunt hole. She let the desire in her
cunt take over and she opened her legs and let me give her a good fingerfuck.
She was hot, sweaty, and tired when she finished cumming. I told her to relax 
awhile.

     I left to finish cleaning up downstairs and to arrange a few things for 
the morning. Before going back to Jen, I stripped off my clothes and put on 
just the big men's t-shirt that I wore as PJ's. I went back to Jen and moved 
her around on the bed. Her legs wear now hanging over the edge of the bed and 
she was laid back, spread out. I parted her legs a bit and knelt down between 
them. She let me lift up her legs and spread them very wide. I told her to 
hold her legs open and she did. I moved my hands to her pussy and pulled her 
lips open. I buried my face in her hot, wet, VIRGIN cunt. I licked her as 
best as I could, alternating sucks at her clit with licks the length of her 
cunt. Eventually she started cumming and I stopped licking and just sucked at 
her clit to drive her deeper into her orgasm. When she was finished, I gently 
licked as much of her cream as I could. I climbed onto the bed and we shifted 
around to normal sleeping positions and fell asleep in each others arms, 
occasionally with my fingers down into her cunt.

     In the morning, we went to the shower room and I showed Jen the sauna. I 
had asked two sisters (the two horniest girls in the sorority) if they could 
put on a show for Jen. When I opened the door of the sauna, Jen saw Cindy and 
Anna, sixty-nining their perverted hearts out. I pulled Jen closer so she 
could get a good view. Cindy (on top) looked up and said hello. I bent down 
and kissed her hello. Then I reached into the cunt she was licking and 
slipped two fingers into Anna's hot cunt. I pulled them out and licked them 
clean. I slipped them in again, but when I pulled them out I offered them to 
Jen. She hesitated but took a little lick. Then I pushed Cindy's face back 
down into Anna's cunt. I pulled Jen to the other side so she could get a good 
view of Anna licking at Cindy's cunt. Anna laid her head back allowing us 
access to Cindy's holes. I told Jen that she should try Cindy. Again Jen 
hesitated but she eventually slipped a finger into Cindy's cunt, pulled it 
out and tasted it. Then we left them to finish eating each other while Jen 
and I showered.

     After I stripped off my t-shirt, Jen got up enough courage to ask why 
Cindy, Anna, I all had absolutely NO pubic hair. I told her that getting 
shaved was part of the sorority initiation and that staying shaved was just 
being a part of the sorority, being a member of the family. We washed up in 
silence and when we started drying off, she asked if I could show her how to 
shave her cunt. I willingly agreed and led her to the examination table where 
all the ritual shavings took place. I got all the stuff and put a hot wet 
cloth on her mound while I got the lather ready. We used a shaving mug and 
brush for lathering up a pussy. I took off the cloth and quickly snipped off 
as much of her hair as I could. She is more like her mother than her father 
(my uncle) so her hair was short and thin and soft. I brushed the lather into 
the fuzz left. She wiggled a lot because the shaving brush tickles. Then I 
took a new razor and began to shave off all of her pubic hair. First from her 
cunt lips, then across the top of her mound. Then I had her turn over and I 
lathered up her entire ass, cheeks and crack. I shaved off every strand of 
peach fuzz from her cunt and ass. I washed all the extra lather off her ass 
and had her turn over again. With her legs up in the stirrups again, I washed 
her cunt clean. Then I bent down and licked her freshly shaved cunt until she 
came. When I finished, I helped her sit up and we hugged long and hard.

     She asked me if I would sixty-nine with her like the other sisters did.  
I told her that I would do any sex act with her and led her back to her room.  
I settled on the bed and invited Jen to climb on and sit her cunt on my face.  
(I found it is better if a girl is on top for her first 69 session, she won't 
feel forced or smothered and is more likely to enjoy it.) Jen quickly threw 
away all inhibitions and climbed on, gently lowering her cunt until I could 
reach up and lick her. I started slowly licking the length of her slit.  
After a few licks, she began to mimic my actions. Eventually she licked at my 
cunt with her own style, spending a lot of time sucking on my clittie.  After 
we both came, she rolled off and we laid there resting for a while.

     We got up, I pulled on my t-shirt and I had Jen put on just the top to 
her baby-doll PJ's. They were see-thru and short, but I told her no one here 
at the sorority would care. As we walked downstairs for breakfast, we passed 
Cindy and Anna, heading off to classes. I stopped them and asked how they 
liked Jen. I had her turn around for them. Cindy said it was a shame we found 
out about Jen's horniness so late in her visit.

     Anna patted Jen's ass and said that all of us would have loved to give 
her a good licking to satisfy her desires. Jen blushed a lot but enjoyed it.  
After breakfast, we went back to Jen's room to pack. I was going home with 
her to spend the weekend visiting. I had Jen stay naked the whole time.  Then 
we went to my room to pack my things. When we were packing my underwear, Jen 
asked why I wasn't packing any bras. I told her that I hadn't worn a bra 
since my first year at college and sometimes didn't even wear panties. When I 
went to the closet to get my skirts and slacks, Jen picked up all the panties 
I had packed and put them back in my drawer. I laughed and told her I should 
make her go the entire weekend without bra and panties as well. She laughed 
and said she would do anything I did, so we both went without.

      After packing, she hugged me and pulled me down onto my bed and asked 
me to get on top of her for another 69 session. I turned around and 
positioned my cunt a few inches above her tongue. She propped her head up and 
eagerly licked at my cunt without me having to lick her first. When I did 
start licking her, her cunt responded with flows of slick lubricant. I was 
holding her asscheeks, sucking on her clit, and watching the cream flow down 
across her little ass pucker. I moved one hand in closer and used her own 
cream to lubricate her virgin asshole. She squirmed a bit but as I worked 
more lubricant into her, she calmed down and took my finger into her tail.  
And eventually she came while I was sucking on her clit and pumping her tight 
asshole.

     On the bus ride back to her home, we talked about her sex life and her 
fantasies. I asked her why she didn't get her cherry popped by someone around 
her hometown. She said that there was no one her age that she wanted to fuck 
with. She did tell me that she fantasized and masturbated about her little 
(16-year-old) brother's best friend. She said that if there was some way to 
get him, she would do anything. When we got to the bus depot, her brother Jim 
and his friend Tony were there to meet us and drive us home. I took one look 
at these two wrestling team superstars and I told Jen that I would be willing 
to take them both on. So that evening we laid our plans.

     On Saturday morning, I spent time visiting with my aunt and uncle before 
they had to leave for the afternoon. When they left, Jim said that he had to 
go to the store and got ready to leave. I walked him to the front door and 
just before he opened the door, I opened my bathrobe to show him my clean, 
willing little body. I took his hand and put it to my hairless cunt. I put my 
other hand to his crotch and massaged his growing cock while I kissed him.  I 
told him that if he brought back his friend Tony that I would give him a lot 
more than just one quick feel. I turned away and scooted up the stairs.

     When Jim returned he had Tony with him and Jen and I met them at the 
door. Jen took my bathrobe off and tossed it aside while I did a little turn 
to show the boys my naked body. Then I walked over to them and gave Jim a 
deep sexy tonguing kiss. His hands were all over my tits and ass. I broke the 
kiss, went to Tony and repeated it with him. Then I went back to Jen and 
disrobed her. I turned her to face Jim and Tony and asked them if they liked 
the way she looked. Both boys whistled and said yes. I sent Jen forward to 
kiss both guys and get fondled. She didn't kiss Jim very long but was really 
tonguing Tony when I broke it up. I motioned Jen to drop to her knees with 
me. I opened Jim's pants while she undid Tony's. I kissed and then licked 
Jim's cock to a complete erection and then checked on how Jen was doing with 
Tony's cock. She had gone a bit further and had his cock in her mouth and was 
sucking away. I returned to Jim's hard rod and sucked him into my mouth.  We 
sucked on those cocks until I knew they would be willing to fuck both of us, 
regardless of family relations. I pulled off Jim's cock and pulled Jen off 
Tony's.

     We got up and led the boys into the living room. There we had laid out a 
sheet on the floor to protect the rug from the sex stains that might occur 
from our performance. We stripped the boys all the way and I laid down on the 
floor. I lifted my legs up and spread them as wide as I could. I invited both 
boys to inspect my hairless cunt as closely as they wanted.  Soon I had 
fingers from both of them pumping in and out of my hole. After they pumped me 
to a quite pleasant orgasm, I invited Jim to fuck me. He climbed on top and 
put his cock near my hole. I told Jen to help his cock find the right place. 
She reached in from the side and grasping his shaft in one hand, poked him 
into my hole. I told him to plunge right in, which he did with a virgin's 
fervor. He fucked away at my cunt until he had induced another orgasm in me 
and then until he shot his first load of cum into a hot cunt.

     After Jim and I rested a bit, it was Jen's turn to get fucked. I had her 
take my place on the floor and I pulled her legs open. I invited the boys 
closer for a good look at her clean cunt. They pulled her lips open and 
probed her wet hole a bit. I had made sure she was very wet and properly 
stretched before the boys got back. Jen was moaning with pleasure, but she 
needed a fucking. I told Jim to get on the other side and hold one leg while 
I hold one leg and help Tony into Jen's virgin hole. Tony got into position 
and I grabbed his rock-hard cock. It was so nice I just had to bend down and 
give it a bit of a sucking before leading him to her pleasure trove. I rubbed 
the head of his cock up and down Jen's wet slit, occasionally rubbing it 
around the edge of her hole. Finally she was begging for a fuck, and I pulled 
Tony's cock closer to her and poked the head into her hole. He wasn't far 
enough in to really qualify as deflowering her so I let go of his cock, 
slapped him on the ass and told him to fuck her. Tony bent forward, kissed 
Jen on the mouth and plunged his cock into her waiting hole. He began pumping 
in and out, Jen was moaning louder and louder. Tony's strokes got faster, 
harder, deeper. Jen's moans became shouts and Tony shot his load into her 
no-longer virgin cunt. Tony collapsed on Jen and they hugged and kissed and 
enjoyed the afterglow of orgasm.

     When Tony pulled out, I bent over and licked the mixed cum off his
softened cock. We rested and talked and found out that Jim and Tony had
never even been sucked until we worked on them. I kidded Jen that she would
have to give the boys lots of practice at licking cunt, in return for sucks
and fucks. Eventually both boys had recovered and our sexy talk had hardened
their cocks. Jen and I went to the kitchen to put the sodas away and I put
my hand on her ass and started poking my finger in her backdoor. I walked
her back to the living room with my fingertip in her tail. I told the boys
that now it was time for them to try assfucking. I popped my finger out of
Jen's ass and got down on my hands and knees. I told Jim to get in front of
me. I told Tony and Jen to start lubricating my asshole. When they started,
I looked up and sucked Jim's cock into my mouth. I let him pump his rod into
my mouth at his pace and pleasure. Jen was a bit hesitant to lube my
asshole, but Tony enjoyed it and soon I was ready. I pulled away from Jim's
cock and told him to go behind and help Jen hold my asscheeks open. I told
Tony to have his pleasure with my asshole. He took hold of my waist and
positioned his cockhead at my backdoor and pushed into me. One long slow
push buried his cock fully into my tail. He held me tight and then began
fucking. It didn't take him long before he shot a load up my ass, but it was
very enjoyable, especially when Jen and Jim reached under me and both rubbed
my clit and fingered my cunt.

     After I recovered enough to stand, I had Jen take Tony to the bathroom
so she could clean his cock. When they returned, Tony's cock was halfway
hard again (Jen's naked body does things like that). I had Jen get down on
all fours and had Tony kneel in front of her. She eagerly took his cock all
the way into her mouth. I instructed Jim on how to lubricate Jen's virgin
asshole. He also hesitated a bit, but eventually enjoyed working on his
older sister's tail. When Jen's asshole was ready to get fucked, I had Jim
get behind her and had Tony come along side. Tony and I pulled her asscheeks
apart and each squeezed one of her sexy tits. I told Jim to start pushing
his cock into her waiting asshole. He put his cockhead against her pucker
and slowly pushed in until her tail engulfed his cockhead. He paused and I
asked Jen if she wanted to continue. She begged Jim to fuck her, hard and
fast, the way Tony had done my ass. Jim agreed, held her by the waist and
plunged into her as deep as he could. Jen gasped as her tail filled with his
manhood and then she moaned as he withdrew. He repeated several deep plunges
followed by slow withdrawals, until Jen was begging for a fucking again.
Then Tony and I moved our hands from her tits down to her hairless cunt and
we began rubbing her clit and fingering her cunthole. Jim switched speeds
and began a full force fucking. Soon Jen was writhing in pleasure and Jim
finished his orgasm shooting deep into Jen's tail.

     We finished that afternoon with Jen and I each being the middle of a sex
sandwich between Jim and Tony, with the boys getting the hole they didn't get
before. That night Jen and I spent one more night licking each other's
cunts. And on Sunday afternoon, before Jim and Tony drove me back to the bus
station, they all helped me pack, and Jen helped them both fuck my cunt one
more time before I left. My cunt dribbled their cream all the way back to
school.

