     CRAIG SUCKS COCK.

     Hi!, my name is Craig. When I was a boy, up to about mid-high
school age, I had a special friend.  He and I were in the same
boat- we were not very successful with girls.  We were quite normal
in our sexual drives and always placed the desire to have sex with
a girl at the highest of our aspirations.  But therin lay the
dillemma.  An adolescent with raging hormones needs a release.
Either fulfil them or find something else with which to occupy
time. We chose to fulfill them the best we could.
     We began by masturbating together, looking at playboy
pictures.  But we needed something else.  So we masturbated each
other.  That was better, but not enough.  We then began to rub on
one another, penis to penis.  Soon we began to butt-fuck each
other.  The last thing we  tried was oral sex.  With only a little
hesitance, I began to suck his cock.  It was great!  I would suck
it with a vengeance, yet with the feeling of true love.I
experimented with putting things on it to make it different and
tasty. 
     I began to crave it.  When we went camping, I sucked his cock. 
When I went over to his house, we would go in the basement and I
would suck it. When we went to my house for lunch, I would suck
him!  I began daydreaming about sucking him off!!
     He never came in my mouth, though.  When we were ready to
explode, we jacked off and released that way.  Occasionally I would
taste his come, but not often.  My stepdad had an oral sex book
which had a gay section, and we would go to it and fantasize about
those guys doing each other and wishing we were them.
     I could not resist to curiosity of what was it like to have
him come in my mouth. So one afternoon, I sucked him like usual,
but when he was about to climax, I plunged him deep in my mouth and
took the load.  Man it was powerful, and I barely contained it! 
The feeling of it going in the back of my throat was something
else.  I was not prepared for it beingso hot.  Before when I would
taste it, it was at least at room-temp.It was an experience I'll
never forget!  He smoked pretty heavy so it was not that sweet.  I
think sperm is pretty salty anyway so the taste took some getting
used to.
     I sometimes wish for those days and think that I would have
sucked him even more.  I let a lot of delicious come slip away.  I
have fantasized about sucking someone else off ever since then.  I
dream of come-milkshakes, and about being in a daisy-chain.  About
sucking two or three cocks at the same time!  Or about being
covered in come-Wow!!  Cock and cum is what I desire.
