
                      M/F, WIFE, HUMILIATION, FOOT FETISH

                               Cum Eating Husband
                               By Subone1@aol.com
                                     Part 1


DISLCAIMER: IF YOU'RE NOT 18 YEARS AGE OR OLDER DON'T READ THIS AND IMMEDIATELY
LEAVE THIS NEWSGROUP. THIS IS A FICTIONAL STORY AND THE CHARACTERS DO NOT
REPRESENT ANY AUTUAL LIVING PERSON AND/OR PERSONS.

**************************************************************************

      A year or so ago I told my wife about my fantasy of her having sex with
another man. This caught her by surprise because our marriage had been strictly
monogamous up to this point. I acknowledged to her that in bed I wasn't a good
performer -- I cum too quickly and my cock is too small. She didn't argue
either point. I convinced her that she can and should do better. My wife is
really cute and could have any man she wanted. She's 5'2", 110 lbs, blue eyes,
brown hair -- with a short sexy hairstyle. Her peaches and cream complexion and
gorgeous set of legs are her best assets though. As we discussed the
possibilities, she admitted that she'd often wondered what a nice big fat cock
would feel like -- as opposed to my dinky thing. (I should point out that in
our relationship she's the dominant one while I'm totally submissive.) She
finally agreed to give it a try, but it would be on her terms. She wanted to
get laid without me lurking around if she felt like it.

      The following Thursday night she informed that I'd be watching the kids
while she went out on a date! I couldn't believe this was actually happening!
She asked if I really wanted to go through with this saying that in all
liklihood she'd be comming home after having been fucked silly by some
stranger. I told her to go for it! She then told me how she'd met a really cute
guy while shopping at the mall that afternoon and they agreed to meet later
that night for drinks.

      As I prepared our kid's dinner my wife was in our bedroom bathing and
dressing for a date with another man. Merely the thought of it made me feel
worthless and I loved it! No sooner than the kids were fed and in bed for the
night when she emerged from our room to depart on her date. She was absolutely
stunning! She wore a tight red nylon/lycra/spandex mini-dress with just a pair
of sheer black panties beneath. Her gorgeous legs were adorned by sheer black
thigh high nylon stockings and 4" black patent leather pointed toe pumps. Her
makeup was head-turning and she wore large gold hoop earrings which looked
great with her short sexy hairstyle. As she glided past me heading for the door
she told me not to wait up, it might be a late night. She also told me to make
sure the dishes and laundry were done before she returned. She added final
order before departing, she told me to sleep upstairs in the guest room and to
call in sick to work in the morning; I'd be bringing the kids to school.

      While she was on her date, I finished my chores and had a couple of
beers, before going upstairs to the guest room to sleep. Shortly after 1:00
A.M. I heard voices downstairs. My wife was home and she wasn't alone. She and
her date were giggling and it sounded like they had had a lot to drink. A few
mintues later she came into the guest room, turned on the light, and crooked
her finger at me. She still had her sexy outfit on that now appeared somewhat
rumpled and her hair was out of place. She told me to get my sorry ass
downstairs because she was going to show me just how worthless I really was. I
sleep in the nude so I asked if I could put some clothes on; her only reply was
"don't bother."

      As I followed my wife into the family room, I saw her date reclining on
our sofa. He was about ten years younger than me and built like a college
football player. He had blond wavy hair and looked as if he'd just stepped off
a Florida beach. He was naked and as you might expect, hung like a horse. His
cock was semi-hard as he lightly stroked its nine inches. My wife suddenly
turned ultra dominant and began to verbally humiliate me in front of her new
lover. She called me a worthless pencil dicked piece of shit. She told me her
date was a real man with a man's size cock. Her date was enjoying the show. As
my wife continued her verbal assault I started to get a hard-on. Her lover
joined in by calling me a queer for getting so turned on by seeing another man
naked. My wife continued to berate me by telling me that although her lover had
already fucked her three times tonight, she wanted a fourth screwing. Her date
said he needed a little help getting it up a fourth time. My wife just grinned,
grabbed me by the back of the head and forced my mouth down upon his cock. She
told me to suck his cock and get him nice and hard for her. She was horny and
wanted to get fucked -- right now!

      I'd never sucked a man's cock before, but I must admit I'd often thought
about it. As I kneeled between my wife's lovers legs sucking him off, my own
cock grew to its full five inches. My wife noticed me getting excited. She went
into the bedroom and quickly returned with a nylon stocking to tie around the
base of my cock so I couldn't cum. She then grabbed me by the hair and pulled
my mouth off her lover's cock. He was now hard and ready to fuck. My wife
ordered me over to a chair and told me to keep my mouth shut and my hands off
my prick. She told me to pay attention and watch how a real man fucked a woman.
With that she threw a pillow on the floor, stripped off her lycra mini-dress
and laid down on her back on the floor. She motioned for her stud to mount her.
He didn't waste much time and was thrusting his monster cock in and out of her
in a matter of seconds. Her stockinged clad legs were up in the air and I
fought the urge to crawl over, slip off her pumps, and suck her toes.

      I couldn't believe what I was seeing and feeling. Some stranger was
actualling balling my wife on the floor of our family room while I was told to
sit and watch. I loved it! I was so turned on I couldn't stand it! His amazing
stamina was made me feel worthless. My wife was starting to cum. Her stud
sensed her impending orgasm and picked up the rhythm. He was pounding her so
hard he was lifting her ass up off the floor with each stroke. She was
screaming so loud I thought for sure she'd wake the kids. With a loud grunt he
shot his load of cum into my wife's cunt and collapsed on top of her leaving
his cock inserted in her now cum-drenched cunt.

      After a while, he rolled off her and laid by her side. They kissed and
nuzzled one another like long-lost lovers. My cock was aching, the stocking had
turned the head of my cock a deep purple. As they laid there cuddling, her
stud's cum began oozing from her well-worn pussy. My wife obviously felt it
running out because she looked at me and said that since I wasn't man enough to
fuck her properly, maybe I should just crawl over and clean her lover's cum out
of her cunt. I did as I was told. As I positioned my head between her legs, she
told me to remove the stocking from around my cock. I buried my face in her
cummy cunt and happily lapped away. As I did, my wife positioned her nylon clad
foot under my cock and as I licked her clean, I rubbed my cock against her foot
shooting off all over her stockings.

      After I'd came, my wife stuck her cum soaked foot into my mouth for me to
clean. I greedily licked my own cum off her beautiful foot. She then stepped
out of her pumps and stripped off her stockings, and dropped them on the floor.
She told me to clean everything up and not to forget to get the kids off to
school in the morning. She took her lover by the hand and went into our bedroom
where they closed and locked the door behind them. I cleaned everything up,
savoring the smell of cum on my wife's stockings and panties. I went up to the
guest room with the knowledge that my wife and her lover were sleeping in our
bed right below me. With her cum soaked stocking in my mouth I fell asleep.....

END PART ONE. Since this is my first attempt at posting a story, I'd appreciate
any feedback (positive or negative). If I get enough replys, I'll post part
two!

   **************************************************************************

                               Cum Eating Husband
                               By Subone1@aol.com
                                     Part 2


      The next morning after I'd returned from bringing the kids to school my
wife and her lover were awake and lying in bed. My wife told me to fix them
breakfast while they showered together. When they came to the breakfast table
she was wearing a short black, sheer negligee with matching panties. Her lover
simply wore a bright blue lycra thong, which did very little to conceal his
massive cock. As I served them breakfast, they spoke among themselves as if I
wasn't even there. They reviewed their date from the previous night in vivid
detail. I couldn t help but get hard again, apparently I wasn't alone.

      As I cleared the dirty dishes away from the table, my wife got down on
her knees in front of her lover as he calmly sat there sipping coffee, while my
lovely wife pulled his nine inches out of his thong. He opened the morning
paper and acted nonchalant as my wife began working his cock with her pretty
mouth. This went on for fifteen to twenty minutes while I busied myself with
kitchen chores. Suddenly I heard him groan and looked over just in time to see
her stud deliberately pull out of her mouth spraying his cum all over her face
and hair. She was drenched, it ran down her face in gobs. She cleaned him up,
tucked his cock back into his thong and then came over standing directly in
front of my face and simply said, "clean me." I did as I was told. I licked her
lover's cum from her face like a dog. When I'd finished cleaning her face, she
pointed to a glob of his cum that had dripped off her chin onto the floor. I
obediently kneeled down and licked it up.

      Her lover had gone into the next room to make some business phone calls.
He apparently was preparing to leave as he had work to do. My wife followed him
in to the other room where I could hear her begging him to fuck her one more
time before he left. I couldn t believe what I was hearing! One taste of a huge
cock and my sweet little wife was pleading for more like a common whore. Her
lover finally relented, telling her to go take off her negligee and put on some
stockings and a garter belt. He told her to go wait on our bed while he
finished his phone calls. She excitedly scampered off to our bedroom like a
child on Christmas morning.

      Apparently my humiliation wasn't quite over because after after donning
beautiful taupe stockings and a black garter belt, my wife called me into the
bedroom. She told me to strip and kneel at the foot of the bed, telling me that
"I was about to be treated to one final show."

      As she laid back on the bed with her legs spread, her lover entered the
room. He stripped off his thong and told my wife this would have to be a
quickie since he had to leave soon. For some odd reason, she produced a rubber
from the nightstand and asked him to put it on before he fucked her. Her lover
came over to me at the foot of the bed and said, "put my rubber on so I can
fuck your wife again." I did as I was told, unrolling the condom down the
length of his erect shaft; I was thrilled by the touch of it!

      He turned, got on the bed, and quickly mounted my beautiful wife. She had
hung her stockinged feet over the bottom edge of the bed. As she was being
fucked she told me to kiss her feet and suck her toes. With her pretty nylon
clad feet in my mouth, I had a bird's-eye view of her lover's cock ramming in
and out her cunt. He came quickly this time, but his orgasm seemed to last a
long time.

      As I continued to nuzzle her instep, he pulled out and rolled off of her.
I was amazed at the amount of cum in the tip of his rubber! This guy had just
cum on wife's face not more than thirty minutes ago and now he'd inflated the
tip of his rubber with so much cum it was almost the size of a golf ball.

      As he stood at the side of the bed, my wife sat up and carefully peeled
the rubber from his rapidly deflating cock. Once she had it removed, she tied a
knot close to the cum filled tip of the rubber so she wouldn t spill a drop
forcing the cum into a bulb towards the end, stretching the walls of the
rubber to the near bursting point. She looked over at me with a mischievous
grin and crooked her finger. I crawled over to her. She said, "I don t think
you got enough breakfast, open up!" I opened my mouth and she stuffed her
lover's cum filled rubber in ordering me "to bite down," when as I did, the
bulbous end burst in my mouth.

      Cum oozed from both corners of my mouth. My cock rigidly extended with
excitement while I knelt there with my wife's lover's sperm running out of my
mouth. My wife asked her lover, "for his phone number so she could call him
again." As he recited his number, she pulled a permanent marker from the
nightstand and wrote his phone number upon my rigid cock. She was laughing and
said, "anytime she looked at my puny thing she'd see his number and think of a
real cock." They were both laughing hysterically as she walked him to the door
and kissed him good-bye. I listened to them laughing from the bedroom, sucking
the used rubber for every last drop of his cum I could get ............


                                  END PART TWO

                  COMMENTS AND SUGGESTIONS ARE ALWAYS WELCOME!
                          E-MAIL ME AT Subone1@aol.com

