For weeks you had been teasing and threatening me that you were going
to turn the tables and make me YOUR Slave... your toy... your victim. 
To be sure, you had many chances to learn the finer art of extracting
ecstasy from one's Submissive. Funny thing is, whenever I am your
Master, it is the torturous pleasing of you that pleases me. To drive
you to the farther reaches of your body's ability to respond is my
goal. So, in gaining what I want, you have been higher upon the ladder
of passion than ever before.

But tonight, it is to be my turn. I am not entirely sure of what to
expect. Maybe that is exactly part of the turn-on. That twinge of
apprehension, that An-tic-i-pa-tion. You keep playing down your
creativity... telling me that you are not suer that you can live up to
my example. But i have sensed the seething in you. I have caught the
evil giggles under your breath as you think up another way to torture
me most deliciously. 

The most dangerous part is that I have foolishly shown you the weakness
I have for your body. You KNOW that the womanly smell of you, that
natural musk, drives me wild with desire. You have learned that when
you hold yourself just a fraction of an inch from me that the yearning
can almost consume me. So much about you makes me crazy with lust. The
silkiness of your skin, the pertness of your nipples... SO MUCH!

So, you knock on the door. My heart leaps and my throat constricts. I
mutter, "come in", but you already have. You eye me with steel in your
gaze. I sit on the edge of the bed, not sure whether to rise and
smother you with kisses, hoping to soften you a bit <I am a bit afraid
of you at this point>, or to sit and await your dictate. You speak, in
a low and almost angry tone; "Arise little one". I choke back a laugh,
as I am not at all small, being 100 pounds and 10 inches larger than
you. But I sense that you are setting the mood and I stand slowly. 

You move towards me, as a panther stalking her prey might. You command
me to show you obeisance. I drop to my knees, then bend at the waist
until my forehead is on the floor. I extend my arms over my head with
the palms upward. I feel my heart pounding now, against my thighs. You
tell me kneel. I lift my upper body, while keeping my eves averted
downwards. You produce a leather collar from nowhere. "When did you get
THAT?", I wonder. You tell me to hold my hair out of the way. You slip
the cool, musky circlet about my neck and clasp it. "Stand", you say.
You lead me by the collar's metal loop to over near the bed. Imbedded
in the open-beamed ceiling are two eyelets. In one eyelet, padlocked to
it, is a length of medium-weight gold chain. You grasp the free end of
the chain and padlock it to the loop on the collar. I have a sudden bit
of terror as I realize there is no way for me to escape. I am very
securely tethered... as a good pet should be.

So, there I am collared and tethered.

You begin to undress. Slowly, of course. When the outer layers are
shed, I can see that you have worn my favorite black lace teddy. I
gasp. You bark "Come to me". As I move, I am aware of the weight of the
chain and can hear it's links uncoiling. When I am a step from you, you
say "That is close enough". You bend froward so that your face is next
to mine. As you do, I can smell that distinctive scent, that spicy and
very feminine aroma of yours. But I am not permitted to touch you, not
yet...

You suddenly lunge forward at my chest with a growl. I recoil and
cringe. You bark "Do NOT MOVE again! Not until you are told to... Now
STAND STILL!". You advance again, with feline speed and terrible force,
and rend my shirt from my body, buttons flying. I am too stunned to
even worry about the shirt. You pull what is left of the thing off of
me, grinning broadly. You harshly tweak at my now hard nipples
casually, almost absently, as if it were nothing. The pain mixes with
the carnal rush.

You bend down and take my pants button in your teeth. With a twist of
your head and a tug, the button yields. Now, the zipper, again with
your teeth. My manhood has already begun to respond. You notice this
and reach up to tweak my nipples again. Soon, the pants are loose. You
pull them down, around my ankles. As you look up, you see my hardness
and with a evil grin, and slap it HARD! I gasp. You laugh and say "I
think you are liking this too much!". I step out of the pants with my
mind reeling, "What does this woman have in mind for me?!?". 

Now I am completely vulnerable, not just by my nakedness...
You instruct me to turn around. You reach around me and begin to stroke
my chest, playing with the hair and paying almost cruel attention to
the painfully throbbing nipples. You work all about my torso, giving
little nips with your teeth across my back. Your hands move lower and
tease that ticklish spot where the thighs and hips meet. I tremble. You
continue down, caressing my thick thighs and knees. As you reach my
feet, your hands move lightly, to tickle me mercilessly. I strain to
remain still. Upwards you go... when you reach my ass, you pinch my
cheeks HARD! You muse, "Hmmm, I wonder, is he a virgin?". You part my
ass cheeks with one hand, and tell me "bend over". I bend at the waist,
steadying myself by putting my hands on my shins. You move away for a
second and get something from where the "sex toys" are kept. When you
return, I hear the squeaking sound of the lubricating liquid being
squirted from the bottle. Oh, how many times I have lubed your  tight
asshole with that, just before entering you...

You slip your well lubricated finger into my tense ass. I moan loudly.
Although I heard that squeaking sound and thought of what you might
have had in mind, I was not quite ready for the PAIN! Slowly you probe
me. Soon, you add another finger. By now, I am responding to the
persistent stroking of your fingers inside me, I can feel a drop of
pre-cum forming on the tip of my cock. Soon, you locate the prostate
gland and begin stroking it... the pre-cum is flowing now. You notice
this and reach to gather it on your fingertip. You tell me to turn my
head. As I look over my shoulder, I see your laden fingers approach
your beautiful mouth. But suddenly, your hand lunges towards my face!
In an effort to avoid injuring my face or lips, I reflexively open my
mouth. Your fingers are there to suck on, and I do, understanding what
you wish intuitively. I have always enjoyed the taste of me, yet in
this submissive mode, I find it somewhat demeaning. Sexy, but odd.
 
This done, you pull your fingers out of me roughly and suddenly.
Another gasp from me. You tell me to move to the bed. I hobble over, as
best I can, as I am still bent over. You have not released me from that
posture. You tell me, "Lie down, on your back. Put your legs wide
apart. Clasp your hands behind your neck." I pause... All this time, I
begin to wonder and worry, I had no idea you had such authority, such
skill. I realize that you must have read some of the books I have lying
around. Maybe Dancer of Gor, or the Sleeping Beauty series. You growl,
"What are you waiting for!?!? Do I have to repeat myself?". I cringe,
as I know what is coming... I almost hear the resounding slap of your
hand on my ass, before I feel it. Twice more you spank my tender
backside. Now it is stinging and throbbing. A painful reminder of the
risk of not being completely obedient. I must struggle to please, I
must not complain or hesitate. I will learn!!

With a shove, you push my onto the bed, I quickly assume the position
you described. You stand over me, alongside the bed, looking at me. You
peruse my body as though I was livestock at an auction. I feel
definitely "owned". You slowly release one strap of the lingerie so
that it falls off of your shoulder. I am entranced. Now the other side.
Then you pull the top of the garment down, slowly, so that I can watch
the strip show. My manhood is hard and throbbing, my eyes fixed and
glazed. Eventually, the hem on the teddy passes over your nipples, then
under your breast, gathering on your waist. As you caress yourself ever
so softly, you muse, "Would YOU like to touch these?". I reply, "Yes,
if it pleases my Mistress". With a wry grin on your sardonic face, you
respond, "It does NOT please me, not yet". I moan and sigh. I hunger
for any touch of you. It is maddening and you know it and are enjoying
my suffering. DAMN YOU!
You climb onto the bed next to me, damnably close. I can smell your
womanhood now. Oh God, how I wish I could part those nether lips...
with tongue or cock... even fingers!! 
You crawl over me so that your breasts are hanging over my mouth.
Reflexively, I open my mouth. "Greedy little ass, aren't you?", you
say. "Only if it please you, Mistress", I whine. You laugh cruelly.
"Stick your tongue out...  Make it hard and to a point", you command.
As I comply,  you lower a nipple to my waiting mouth. I am panting with
the urging to feel your firm female flesh in my mouth. The hard
pertness against my taste buds...Ooooooo. Finally, you make contact. 
You begin to twist your upper body to make slow circles around your
areola. You throw your head back in abandon and pleasure. "Hmmm,
apparently, I am not without effect on her afterall", I ponder to
myself. You lower yourself onto my mouth more, "Now, lick and suck on
it", you command. I am only too eager to comply. I thrash about,
tossing my head back and forth so as to make love to all of her breast.

Suddenly, you pull away. You crouch on your knees and reach between
your legs. You unsnap the closure on the teddy, thus freeing your
womanhood. I catch a waft of woman's scent... God, I am HUNGRY! You
pull the teddy off over you head. Then back on all fours, you turn
around so that your ass is facing me. "Would you like to taste this?",
you tease as you touch your labia. I can barely think... or speak...
You SLAP my cock, which has been hard and throbbing all this time.  
"If it pleases my Mistress", I stutter. 

You stand up so that your feet straddle my armpits. You seem so tall
and you are looking at me with almost mocking pity. Slowly, you lower
yourself in a deep knee bend. I watch as your womanhood approaches,
seeing the glistening moisture. Just as your lips almost touch mine,
two drops of your fluids fall to my face. Eagerly, I move my hand to my
face to wipe them into my mouth. With remarkable speed and strength you
grab my arm by the wrist and twist it. "I told you were not to move!",
you say. I move my hand back behind my head. "That's better... Now
stick out your tongue again, like before", you hiss. Slowly you lower
yourself onto my face, moving back and forth. You reach down with one
hand to part your lips, and say "Now, Lick and suck my cunt, Little
Slave". I GLADLY do as I am told. I lap feverishly while you begin to
grind your hips in that familiar rhythm of yours. Your breathing is
changing. After a long while, my lips are numb, my tongue aches. Having
brought yourself to the edge several times, you are ready for release.
You holds still so that I can run fast circles around your clit. I know
what works for you, and I LOVE it! I can feel your shudders building,
I know that you are tweaking your nipples now. As the end approaches
your hips rock, my mouth moves with you, to maintain the right contact.
Finally, you start moaning loudly, and then more loudly. As you stop
breathing and clench my face between your thighs, you scream!! Somehow
you are able to stay "in the saddle" to ride my tongue to a shattering
climax. Spent and satisfied, you collapse on the bed next to me.
"Well, my pet, you have been a good boy. I am most pleased", you say,
"Mayhaps you'll get a reward". 
 
You get onto all fours and bring your lips to mine. A deep and
delicious kiss entrances me. I am so hungry for you. You probe my mouth
deeply, grabbing my tongue with suction and pulling it out of my mouth.
You begin sucking and stroking on it like you would on something else.
My manhood doesn't miss the hint, with renewed strength, it pulses and
engorges. You move away from my mouth to nibble and lick on my neck. 
I am a weak one for that. Then you breath into my ear... funny that
such a little thing can be so erotic. You move to my collarbone, biting
hard... wonderfully, painfully hard. Then you slide lower, just missing
my nipples... they are SO HARD!... they ache. I am HOT and aroused.  
You breathe hot over my nipples, teasing them. You play me like a fine
instrument. 
 
Finally, the hot tip of your tongue grazes my hard nipple. Ecstasy
shoots through me like electricity. My back arches and I gasp. "My God,
what has she done to me... to make me so responsive?!?!?", I ponder,
"Now I know what SHE feels like!". You take each nipple, in turn, in
your mouth, sucking and licking them. They are very sensitive now. As
a parting grace, you pinch them HARD... another electrical shock.
 
You nibble my ribs and tease the belly hairs. You move to that ticklish
spot over the hip bone and bite there. Now my hips are reflexively
moving. You pass my groiun and move on to work on my thighs, knees and
feet. At my feet, you pause to suck and lick on my toes. Again my cock
throbs from the suggestive sucking. Working upward, you work the inner
thighs. Soon, I can feel your breath on my balls. You pull my legs up
high and wide apart. You continue up the inner thighs, JUST missing my
tender asshole. GODS! What an agonizing tease! 
 
Now you move to my balls. Almost imperceptably at first, you lick. My
groans are louder, urging you on. At the base of my cock, you breathe
hot and ragged over me. Suddenly, you jump up and swallow me WHOLE!! 
I can feel the head of my cock at the entrance to your throat, and I
almost lose my load immedaiately. But you have learned the "pinch"
technique, and bring me back down. You begin teasing with the point of
your tongue, slow swirl and flicks. Then you take just the tip of me
into your mouth... Dear God.. Oh Lord... Umm... your mouth is SO HOT! 
Soon, you begin that patentable combination of suction, stroke, depth
and rhythm, and I know I am a gonner. The boiling cum is soon to over
flow. Your head bobs high and low, long, deep strokes. I am holding my
breath... the tension is building. Finally, in the last few seconds
before the contractions start I gasp, and moan, over and over. As the
first pump grips me, I SCREAM! .... Oh God... Oh God.. OOOOoooo God!
Waves of pleasure engulf me, you are sucking and stroking... not
missing any of me. I can't believe this. OH MY GOD!!! 
When it is done, you share a bit with me in a kiss. We lay together,
close, while my world returns and I can breath again. We hug and laugh.
"It was entirely too wonderful", you say. "Thank YOU", I reply.
