BEHIND CLOSED CURTAINS

     Last week, I stumbled on something that made me completely
change the way I thought about my girlfriend. I decided to
drop by Nancy's house last Thursday night at about 10 P.M. She
wasn't expecting me, but I would often stop by her house after
work. I get off at around nine thirty, and Nancy only lives
about 20 minutes from the store where I work.
     When I got to Nancy's house, I noticed her friend Judy's
car parked outside. This didn't seem out of the ordinary at
all, since Judy and Nancy have been the best of friends since
they graduated high school a few years ago. As I approached
the house, I heard loud music coming from one of the bedrooms
in the back. I could tell her parents weren't home, because
their car wasn't parked in the driveway, so I went around to
the back. When I got to Nancy's window, I peered in through a
small space between the carelessly closed curtains. When I
looked in, I couldn't believe my eyes!
     Nancy and Judy were lying on the bed in a tender embrace.
I could see a couple of wine bottles near the bed, and some
half empty glasses on the night table. Since Nancy had never
told me about her lesbian inclinations, I figured the booze
had to be one of the main instigators of this erotic
encounter. Nancy hadn't told me she liked women, but then
again, I never told her that if she had sex with another girl,
it would fulfill one of my biggest fantasies.
     Both of them had their blouses and jeans off, and were
absolutely butt ass naked except for their panties and Judy's
high heels. They held each other tightly and warmly, their
hands caressing and exploring every inch of their bodies. Judy
removed her long tongue from Nancy's mouth, and gently began
running it up and down the entire length of Nancy's neck,
being careful not to neglect the tiniest spot. Then she
started sucking her earlobes and running her hot, wet tongue
in and out of her ears, swirling all around the outside and
inside, gently, up and down, in and out. Nancy's blond hair
became wet and matted on her neck. Her head was twisting in
ecstacy from side to side, as her nose nuzzled into the nape
of Judy's neck. Then she began squeezing Judy's small, hard
breasts, kneading the firm, wrinkled nipples between her thumb
and forefinger.
     It was obvious that Nancy's passion was rising, and an
orgasm was inevitable. She moved her head down to where her
busy fingers were, and began licking and sucking Judy's tits-
not the nipples, but the whole tit. She gingerly licked the
tops, sides, and bottom, finally settling on the puffed brown
nipples.
     Judy was busy working Nancy's panties off at the same time
she was removing her own. Judy buried her long, smooth fingers
deep into the inner folds of Nancy's blond, sweet cunt. Nancy
reached out and shoved two fingers into Judy's dark, thickly
lipped mound. Their mouths sought each other, as their fingers
simultaneously rubbed and pinched their open pink slits and
long, erect clits. It was all I could do to keep from jerking
off on the side of her mother's house.
     What I was impatiently waiting for was finally happening.
Nancy moved around the bed until her bush was just over Judy's
crimson, glistening lips, and her mouth was positioned
directly over Judy's slit. Both girls started lapping one
another's pussy. Sometimes Nancy would move her entire head
from side to side, and then up and down. At other times, she
would simply press her mouth to Judy's cunt while letting her
pretty tongue do all the work. She would wedge it deeply into
her girlfriend's beaver, and then lick the entire length of
her slit, resting near the top to give Judy's exposed,
sensitive clit the royal treatment. Her tongue flicked across
it rapidly sometimes, and then gently, tenderly, and easily at
others, teasing Judy into a torrid, wrenching climax. Nancy
was obviously coming at the same time, since her hips were
bucking wildly from side to side all over Judy's wet, shining
face. I think Judy was doing Nancy's pussy with her nose
almost as much as with her tender lips.
     After a few minutes of the girls hugging and caressing on
the bed, I knew the show was basically over. I went around the
side, where I usually knock, and yelled for Nancy to come to
the door. I could hear a rustling of clothes inside as I
impatiently rapped. Both girls came to the door smiling and
nervous, as if they were little kids hiding something from
their father.
     Althought I said nothing to them about their lesbian
experience that night, I later spoke to Nancy about it, and
told her how turned on I was. She has promised that she will
try it again for me, and maybe even let me get in on the fun.
If we do, I'll be sure to let Gallery know.
