
From ddail@efn.org Sun Oct 29 18:55:09 1995
Message-ID: <174315Z27101995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an146810@anon.penet.fi
Reply-To: an146810@anon.penet.fi
Date: Fri, 27 Oct 1995 17:34:49 UTC
Subject: My Cousin Kristie (Incest)


(C) 1988 'Studs Manly'

                        My Cousin Kristie
                                
     When Kristie found out that I often wrote sex stories, she
wouldn't leave me alone.  I'm almost 30 and Kristie is my cousin,
barely 19 when this relationship began, petite and quite a doll. 
I guess most people would call her "cute" because of her looks. 
But she has always been a precocious kid, graduating at the top of
her high school class, getting scholarship offers galore.  But she
wanted to go to the local business school and work full time
locally.  She occasinally did some modelling because, as I said,
she's a doll.  Her short reddish-brown hair, freckled nose and
bawdy sense of humor made her popular with everyone, including me.
     A few weeks ago, I answered the door to find Kristie, wearing
shorts and a halter top.  "Hi, Cuz," she said.  She'd call me 'Cuz'
as a pet name.  "Got a few minutes to talk?"
I asked her in and no sooner had I shut the door than she asked,
"Is it true you write fuck stories?"  I'd heard Kristie say 'fuck'
before, but always as part of a joke.  But this time it was
different.
     "Who told you that?" I asked.  Writing erotic stories, whether
you call it smut, porn or 'fuck stories,' it isn't something you
announce to the general public.  But it pays well and there's less
competition.  My close friends knew.  My uncle, Kristie's father,
knew.  No one thinks it's wrong or "bad."  Itt's good money and I
don't write degrading crap.  But I certainly don't tell everyone I
meet or know that I write erotica.  My grandmother doesn't know. 
And I didn't think Kristie did.  
     "Never mind how I found out," she answered.  "But if it's
true, I think it's pretty neat.  Well?"  I felt a twinge of
embarrassment but I couldn't lie.  "Okay, it's true.  But I don't
call them 'fuck stories.'"  Kristie's face lit up.  I suddenly
became aware that my nubile cousin was braless as her nipples poked
the material of her halter.
     "Lemme read some, Cuz."  What could I do or say?  I led her to
my work room, showed her where my file copies of sex magazines
were, then I left the room.  Embarrassed, I guess.  I went to the
kitchen, grabbed a beer from the 'fridge, and gulped it down.  I
have to admit that I had felt some sexual attraction to Kristie for
some time.  Whenever I wrote about a girl losing her virginity, it
was Kristie's face I had in  mind.  Her young body, her youthful
eagerness, her intelligence, all had inspired and influenced me. 
And now she was actually reading the material I had written. 
     I grabbed another beer, popped it open, and went to my
workroom to find Kristie avidly reading the sex magazines I'd been
published in.  From the look on her face it was obvious she was
enjoying what she was reading.  She was breathing rapidly, sweat
shone on her upper lip, and her nostrils seemed to flare, all the
signs of a woman in heat, even a cousin.  She saw or heard me and
said, "I love to read about people fucking almost as much as I love
to fuck.  Surprised?"  How could I be?  I mean, she was smart,
witty, attractive and old enough.  I felt a twinge at  the thought
of my cousin getting dicked by some pimply teenager.  Jealousy, I
guess.  I also felt a twinge in my loins as I warmed to the subject
with my cousin.
     "Does it embarrass you that I'm talking about fucking, Dave?"
she asked.  "Well, not embarrassed, I'm just not used to it," I
answered.
     "Not used to fucking?" she asked.  "Oh, you know what I mean,"
I said.  She was enjoying this conversation immensely.  "I'm not
used to talking about it with you."
     "Don't you get horny when you write this stuff?  God, I know
I sure would.  I'm getting wet just reading.  Ooh, this is really
hot."  Kristie started reading part of a story I had written.  "'My
cock had never felt so hard as it did in Gina's  mouth.  Her tongue
flicked the underside of my meat and her lips seemed to caress and
stroke my shaft.
     "'"Fuck my tits," Gina pleaded as she took her mouth off and
held her big jugs together.  Trouble was, I wanted to eat her pussy
first.  After all, eating her pussy was what I'd dreamed of doing
for years.'  Damn, Dave, I love this stuff!"  Hearing Kristie
reading that passage had excited me as well.  And there was very
little I could do to hide my excitement, since a bulging cock is
difficult to hide in tight shorts.  Kristie immediately noticed and
then she blushed.  "I guess you do get horny, Cuz," she grinned,
standing up as she stared at the front of my shorts.  "Was it my
reading that did that, Dave?  It sure couldn't be my tits 'cause
mine aren't big enough to fuck.  See?"  Kristie lifted her halter
and showed me her pert breasts, the nipples pink and rigid.  My
personal preference is for small tits not large ones.  I felt my
cock grow another inch as I looked at my cousin's mouth-watering
boobies.
     "Kristie, you have great tits," I said.  She beamed. "Most
guys like big tits," she told me.  "A girl with big breasts will
have sagging chest bags when she's forty," I said.  "Yours will
still be young and suckable then."
     "Suck them now, Dave," she said breathily.  I couldn't have
resisted if I'd wanted to, cousin or not.  And, believe me, I
wanted to suck those nubbins.  So I lowered my head to her left
mound and stuck out my tongue.  I circled the perky nipple then
popped the rigid nub between my lips.  Kristie gasped and her arms
went around me, holding me as I sucked and chewed, first one, then
the other, hot mound of flesh.
     "Oh, Dave, that feels so good!"  Kristie's body wiggled as she
tried to push more of her titty-flesh into my mouth.  I think she
must have had a mini-orgasm from the way she jerked around and
gasped.  Then she asked me if I liked to eat pussy.  I told her I
did.   "None of the boys I've been with would lick me."          
"Boys aren't old enough to know what's good," I said.
     "Would you...will you...eat my pussy?"  I picked her up and
carried her to my bedroom and laid her on the bed.  I pulled  off
her sneakers while she removed her halter.  I reached for her
shorts but stopped.  "Kristie, are you sure you want this?"  "Yes,
please."  "You won't hate me for it, will you?  This is incest, you
know."  "Oh, Dave, you don't know how long I've dreamed of having
sex with you, my handsome, smart cousin.  Please.  Do me."
     I unsnapped and unzipped her shorts, gripped the waistband of
her shorts and panties and slid them down her legs and off her
feet.  Her downy brown pubic triangle contrasted with the pale,
untanned flesh of her belly.  I gently spread her legs and put a
pillow under her ass to give me the best access to her pussy.
     And what a beautiful pussy Cousin Kristie had!  The fragrance
of her secretions made me even more eager to feast.  I used my
fingers to part her slick folds and I exposed the wet crimson of
her cunt.  Her clit was stiff and the largest I'd ever seen on a
woman.  It was as big as the end of my pinky finger, almost like a
miniature cock.  No wonder she seemed to get so excited.  With a
clit like that, it's a wonder she wasn't horny 24 hours a day!  But
I've since found out that she does stay excited 24 hours a day!
     I let the flat of my tongue lick her slit from asshole to
clit.  Kristie shuddered, her legs locked around my head and she
chanted, "Yes, yes, oh yes."  Kristie tasted tangy sweet and more
of that love liquid oozed from her hole and onto my tongue.  My
nose kept rubbing against her clit so I stuck a finger into her
cunt and took that clit of hers between my teeth.   Needless to
say, my cousin went crazy.  "Oh, God, oh...oh!" she wailed and she
bucked and thrashed at the mercy of my finger and tongue.  I eased
my finger out of her pussy, sucked her cream from it, then sent my
tongue into her quim to quench my thirst for her nectar.  My finger
toyed with her asshole and I worked the digit up her backside to
the first knuckle when she came again, her muscles contracting as
if to nip off my tongue and finger.
     Kristie's heels pounded my back and she went wild as she came. 
Fortunately I live in a house, not an apartment, because her
screams of ecstasy were loud enough to arouse others in an
apartment building.  As it was, I'm glad my next-door neighbors
were at work because Kristie was loud when she came.  After a few
minutes I stopped and she caught her breath.  "It's never been like
that," she said.  "Whew!  I think you've spoiled me."  She put her
hand on the bulging wet spot on my shorts.  "What can I do to repay
you, Cuz?"
     Kristie tugged my shorts down and my 8-incher sprang out,
strands of pre-cum strung between the tip and my matted pubic hair. 
Her eyes got as big as saucers and she gripped my bat in both
hands.  "Uh, this thing'll split me if...." 
     "Don't worry, Kristie," I said.  "We don't have to fuck." 
     "Oh, but I do want to fuck," Kristie assured me.  "It's just
that this is so damn big!"
     "Look, tell you what," I explained as she slowly pumped my
prick, staring at it as if hypnotized.  "Right now I'm too close to
shooting to bother with a rubber, let alone trying to squeeze my
cock into you.  How about making me come and we'll fuck when we
have plenty of time.  Okay?"
     "What do you want me to do?" she asked.   
     "Think you can jerk it off or suck on it?"
     "All I've ever done was fuck, Dave.  I always thought sucking
was supposed to be nasty, but after what you did to me...." 
Kristie had milked a clear drop of ooze out of the slit and she
moved her head close and stuck her tongue out.  The tip of her pink
oral muscle touched the drop and retreated to her mouth, followed
by the shiny wet string.
     "Hmmm, not bad," she said after tasting my pre-cum.  "Kinda
sweet.  I figured it would taste just awful."  I knew that I had to
come, and soon, and I wanted plenty of time to introduce her to
cocksucking.  "Just pull on it, Kristie.  I'm close to coming. 
Yeah, like that."  She was using both hands to jerk me off and she
was staring with fascination at my balls and prick.
     "Squeeze it tighter!  Pull faster!"  I felt all my energy
focus on the twitching in my prostate, he familiar signal. 
"Kristie, I'm coming!" I gasped.  I felt my cum race up my swollen
shaft and I saw the first wad explode from the tip.  Kristie was
watching closely, so closely that first white gob of goo splatted
high on her forehead.  She squealed with delight as she pumped yet
another wad up and out, and another.   She was enjoying watching my
prick spew cum with the same glee kids have at fireworks displays. 
But for all the fun she was having, I had the advantage because I
was having the orgasm and I had the added pleasure of watching
Kristie excitedly milk my jizz out of my cock.
     By the time my sperm was only trickling from my cock, the
stuff was all over my stomach, Kristie's hands and arms, even in
her hair and on her face.  She was still giggling as she licked and
sucked the head of my spent prick.  She kept sucking as my cock
shrank and I managed to settle down.  "That was great, Kristie," I
said, using my finger to wipe cum off her cheek.   "I can't
remember coming like that."  She took my cum-covered finger and, to
my surprise, sucked it into her mouth.  "Hmm, this is good stuff,"
she said.  "Next time I wanna try sucking, Dave.  How long till you
can do it again?
     My cock had not gone down yyyet, so I told Kristie to go ahead
and try.  The first thing she did was to lick up and down the
length of my meat, lapping the cum that oozed from the hole.  She
toyed with my balls, instinctively knowing just how to squeeze
without bringing pain. 
     She finally opened her mouth and let my cock slip between her
lips and into her mouth.  I felt as if I were getting my first
blowjob as her tongue tentatively explored my pole.  Slowly she
learned, and soon her head was bobbing up and down on my cock,. 
Sloshy, sexy sounds escaped her mouth as she worked on me, and soon
I felt the familiar tug inside that let me know I was about to
shoot.
     And shoot I did.  I managed to warn Kristie but she kept her
lips around my cock and when my cum spurted, she swallowed like
a seasoned cocksucker.  I have no idea where this second load came
from, but it felt like I was pouring my guts out through my cock.
     Well, several weeks have passed and Kristie has become an
enthusiastic cocksucker.  She took to oral sex with a passion, even
to some rimming and reaming of my asshole with her tongue when she
found out how sensitive I was to it.  She even finger- fucked my
ass and naturally I returned the favor, sucking her sweet, petite
bum.
     We took our time when we first fucked, and with her on top she
managed to get almost all of my cock inside her.  She wants me to
fuck her without a condom because "I want to feel you shoot off
inside me."  I told her I just wanted to be cautious because of
AIDS.  When I'm sure things are okay and we don't have to worry
about AIDS or herpes, you can believe I'll fuck her without the
rubber.  Of course by then I'll know she's on the Pill and that we
don't have to worry about her getting pregnant.
     For now, though, we've got plenty to do.  We suck, we fuck, we
jerk each other off, we suck each other's ass, and Kristie even
fucks my asshole with a vibrator.  She bought a strap on dildo and
loves to climb between my legs and skewer my ass while I beat my
meat until I spurt my cum between us and all over her tits.  I love
it, too.
     She's really sexually imaginative.  She met a woman at a
clothing store down the street who, Kristie swears, has lezzie
written all over her.  She is slowly cultivating a friendship to
find out what it feels like to have sex with a woman.  But she
wants me to be there, too.
     In the meantime, Kristie wants to write sex stories, so I'm
helping her out.  She certainly has the imagination and we love
doing the Research!

--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--****ATTENTION****--***ATTENTION***
Your e-mail reply to this message WILL be *automatically* ANONYMIZED.
Please, report inappropriate use to                abuse@anon.penet.fi
For information (incl. non-anon reply) write to    help@anon.penet.fi
If you have any problems, address them to          admin@anon.penet.fi

