//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\

                            - AN INVITATION FROM -

                                  G         D
                                 GG         DD
                                GGG         DDD
                              GGGGG         DDDDD
                           GGGGGGGG         DDDDDDDD
                        GGGGGGGGGGG         DDDDDDDDDD
                      GGGGG      GG         DDDD    DDDDD
                    GGGGG        GG         DDDD      DDDDD
                  GGGGG          GG         DDDD        DDDDD
                GGGGG                       DDDD          DDDDD
               GGGGG                        DDDD           DDDDD
              GGGGG                         DDDD            DDDDD
             GGGGG                          DDDD             DDDDD
            GGGGG                   w  w  w DDDD              DDDDD
           GGGGGG         GGGGGGGGG w w w w DDDD              DDDDDD
            GGGGG         GGGGGGGGG  w   w  DDDD              DDDDD
             GGGGG             GGGG  w   w  DDDD             DDDDD
              GGGGG            GGGG         DDDD            DDDDD
               GGGGG           GGGG         DDDD           DDDDD
                GGGGG          GGGG         DDDD          DDDDD
                  GGGGG        GGGG         DDDD        DDDDD
                    GGGGG      GGGG         DDDD      DDDDD
                      GGGGG    GGGG         DDDD    DDDDD
                        GGGGGGGGGGG         DDDDDDDDDD
                           GGGGGGGG         DDDDDDDD
                              GGGGG         DDDDD
                                GGG         DDD
                                 GG         DD
                                  G         D

  YOU are cordially invited to a gala celebration of the Fifth Anniversary of
                  The GREENY world Domination Task Force, Inc.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

       GGGGGGG                        DDDDD     FFFFFFF                  99   88
     GG    GG                        DD   DD   FF   FF                 9  9 8  8
    GG                              DD    DD  FF                      9  9 8  8
   GG                              DD    DD  FF  F EEEEE SSS  TTTTTTT 999  88
  GG    GGGGG ww  w  ww aaaaaaa   DD    DD  FFFFF EE    SS  S   TT     9 8  8
 GG      GG  ww www ww aa   aa   DD    DD  FF  F EEEE    SS    TT     9 8  8
GG     GG    www www  aa   aa   DD   DD   FF    EE     S  SS  TT  9  9 8  8
GGGGGGG      w   w    aaaaaa a DDDDDD    FFFF  EEEEEE   SSS  TT   99   88

                     -+- The GwD Fifth Anniversary Party -+-

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  THE FIVE Ws of GwaDFest98 (all of these are further elaborated upon below):
 
           WHO:  WE are throwing a party and YOU are invited.
          WHAT:  The FIFTH ANNIVERSARY of GwD
          WHEN:  GwD turns FIVE on June 10, 1998.  A small-scale party will be
                 held for the elite dr00gs on that date.  We'll most likely just \
                 drink highballs and go to the titty bar.  But, a kick-ass
                 mutha-fuckin' par-tay will be held on June 19, 1998 (true to
                 form, we've procrastinated and this announcement is being
                 released only 10 days before the shindig, most likely assuring
                 low attendance of almost entirely local dr00gs).
                 open to the general public.  So come on out and bring a friend.
         WHERE:  Marduk's house.
           WHY:  GwD is FIVE.  It's also a chance to meet and mingle with fellow
                 dr00gs and dr00gettes.  Aww yeah.
           HOW:  Take a bus, take a train, go and hop an aero-plane.  Walk for
                 all I care...but you MUST be in attendance at the party, or
                 there will be hell to pay.  Green Hell.  And I'm not talking
                 about the Misfits' song, either.

<Explanation:  A slight change in plans.>

We would have had the party on June 10 (which was the original plan), but due to
unforeseen circumstances in the personal lives of high-ranking GwD-Officials, it
has been postponed until June 19 and a smaller party will be held for just the
GwD big-wigs on June 10, 1998.  Besides, the tenth is a WEDNESDAY, and who wants
to party on WEDNESDAY?  Wednesday is HUMP day, a day for what its name implies.
So don't fret about the slight change in plans.

= WHO =

Invitors:  The GwD High Council has been planning this event for months.  Maybe.
Invitees:  Anyone who receives this as an e-mail or sees this on the web is
           hereby invited.  Bring a friend or five.

= WHAT =

This will be the party to end all parties.  We hope.  Of course, the party is
BYOB and BYODF (Bring Your Own Damn Food).  Bring other stuff if you must, but
please observe MODERATION because it's not our job to drive your drunk-ass home
and we sure as hell don't want anyone getting arrested.  Basically, it'll be a
nice little gathering with an on-going, multi-authored text file being written
by those in attendance, courtesy of STM's laptop (a concept we're blatantly
ripping off from the DummerCon files by our pals over at doomed to obscurity).

Come for the fellowship, stay for the entertainment:

           SEE the mighty HORSE IMPRESSION of Lobo Licious!
           SEE the awesome THUMB-TWIDDLING of Seth The Man!
           HEAR the TRUMPET SRYLINGS of Diamondback!
           SEE and HEAR the rantings of PREACHER/PIRATE Yancey Slide!
           SEE Bob the Master of the World BREAK THINGS while drunk!
           SEE the dr00gan wimmen in a MUD-WRESTLING EXTRAVAGANZA!
           (We still have to get them to agree to that last one.)
           FEEL the AWESOME PRESENCE that IS Bill Hooper! (if he's not in India)

Bring your own unique talents or just bring your favorite GwD Propaganda for the
AUTOGRAPH SESSION which will follow the INVOCATION of GRENE!

= WHEN =

The affair will take place in the evening of June 19, 1998.  Be there.
Or don't.

= WHERE =

Marduk's house.  Marduk is Diamondback's cousin.  He lives on a farm.  He has no
nearby neighbors.  We can have a loud drunken orgy!  YAY!

(See "HOW" below for directions.)

= WHY =

Because Grene commands it.  Don't fuck with the Goddess.

= HOW =

E-mail Seth The Man (seththeman@cyberdude.com) for directions to Marduk's
swingin' pad.

                   -*- GwD.  We rock balls AND we're five. -*-
       
               For more information regarding GwaDFest98, contact:

                  The GREENY world Domination Task Force, Inc.
                           http://gwd.snakeden.org/
                     http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/
                       ftp://ftp.etext.org/Zines/Greeny/
                               gwd@geocities.com
                    P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas - 79490

The GwD Task Force, Inc. - Bringing YOU All the Best in Absolute Crap Since 1993
                 ***** copyright (c) MCMXCVIII GwD, Inc. *****
\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//\\//
