GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
 G R E E N Y world D O M I N A T I O N
              Task Force
               Presents:
 "War: A Costly Way to Solve a Problem"
               by Lobo


     The following paragraphs contain a brief synopsis of all of the wars (to 
my knowledge) that the United States has ever participated in.  I'm sorry if I 
leave one out.  All of the statements come from memory, so please forgive me 
if I make an error.  There are also statements of personal opinion involved, 
so if you don't agree, then kindly disregard them.
     First came the Revolutionary War (my history teacher likes to call it 
"The War for Independence" like that justifies all of the lives that were 
lost).  We fought it to gain our independence from England (or Great Britain, 
or whatever the hell you want to call it).  Our army was poorly trained, so we 
lost quite a few soldiers to more experienced British troops.  However, they 
marched in straight lines and red coats, so it was not at all hard for our 
snipers to eliminate many of them as well.  A nice game of chess may have 
solved the problem, and it certainly would've saved thousands of lives.
     Then came the War of 1812.  It seems that the British Navy was impressing,
or taking hostage, our sailors and forcing them to work on English
ships.  So, we passed the Embargo Act to not trade with Britain until they 
stopped, which only hurt our country.  Many people on both sides of this 
conflict died, and the war didn't even really accomplish anything.  The 
British were supposed to withdraw all of their forces from North America, but 
the U.S. Army could hardly back that up.  Also, the British were to stop 
impressing our sailors, but our Navy was no match for theirs, so we couldn't 
enforce that either.  Basically, conditions returned to the way they were 
before the war.
     The Mexican War came next.  It basically happened because of the 
annexation of Texas.  Mexico got pissed off because we annexed Texas when 
Mexico did not consider Texas to be independent, even though it had been 
independent for quite some time.  Anyway, many people, both Mexican and 
American, died and all we got out of it was some land (Colorado, Arizona, 
etc.).  Kind of silly if you ask me.
     Next, we had The Civil War, or as my history teacher called it, "The War 
Between the States."  Whatever you call it, it was a bloody war where the dead 
of both sides were American.  The purpose of this war was to make the South 
realize that it couldn't do what it wanted, like have slaves, etc.  Though the 
North "won" the war (there are only degrees of losing in a war) and freed the 
slaves, the South was treated as conquered territory, and even now, more than 
125 years later after the war's end, blacks are still persecuted in some parts 
of the country.
     In the late 1800's/early 1900's, came the Spanish-American War.  I'm not
too sure of the reasons behind this war, but the U.S. defeated the Spanish and 
made them give up all of their colonies, but only after thousands of Spaniard 
and American soldiers and sailors had perished.
     World War I came in the nine-teen teens, because some German guy 
assassinated some prince, and the Austrio-Hungarian Empire and the Ottoman 
Empire involved themselves in a bloody war that was the first to use aircraft. 
 Soon, all of Europe was taking sides in the conflict, and inevitably, a few 
years later, the United States entered the war.  The allies of the U.S. 
(France, England, etc.) were known as The Allies, and the Allied forces 
defeated the enemy with much loss of life in the militaries of both sides.  
Germany and its allies received penalties like no army, strict trade 
regulations, etc.
     An Austrian named Adolf Hitler rose to power in Germany by somehow 
convincing the people that foreigners in general and Jews in particular were 
the cause of all of Germany's problems.  What a crock of shit.  Hitler's 
political party, the Nazis, rounded up young men to serve in the army.  The 
army gathered and forced millions of Jews into concentration camps, where some 
were used as slave laborers, and between 3 and 6 million were executed.  
Meanwhile, Germany invade Poland, and the other nations of the world loooked 
the other way.  Then, Italy and Japan joined forces with Germany in the Axis 
Pact.  France and Britain had had enough by this point, and they decalred war 
on Germany.  Together, Germany and Italy conquered all of Europe except for 
Engalnd (it's on an island) and Switzerland.  Japan attacked the United States
so we could not help our allies in Europe. Allied forces stormed the beach at
Normandy, France as Russian forces entered Eastern European countries that 
were under Nazi occupation.  They liberated concentration camps as they went, 
but were too late for many Jews.  The forces met in Berlin, and Hitler killed 
himself when Allied forces were three blocks away.  Gemany formally 
surrendered shortly afterwards.  With the European threat vanquished, the 
Allies could turn their full attention to Japan.  Japan held up a while 
longer, but when the U.S. dropped two atomic bombs on two major Japanese 
cities, Japan finally surrendered, only after millions of servicemen and 
civilians lost their lives for their cause.  Putting Hitler in prison or a 
mental asylum in the beginning  would have spared the world all of that 
bloodshed.
     Then came the "Korean Conflict".  North Korea was taken over by 
communists, and the South did not want to convert.  The United States entered 
the conflict on the side of the South because they had to "keep the world safe 
for democrcy."  The South never fell, and the North withdrew, after thousands 
had died on both sides of this conflict.
     Vietnam came next.  France was already involved in Vietnam (it had been a 
French colony), but it withdrew its forces shortly after the United States 
became involved in the "Police Action" (as it was in Korea, Congress never 
declared war in Vietnam, but whan that many people die in battle, it's a war). 
 Northern attacks, failed (and succeeded) Southern attacks into Northern 
territory, and terrorism by the Viet Cong, a group of Southern Vietnamese 
loyal to the North, killed hundreds of thousands of service-men (and 
service-women) to die.  Finally, after about 10 years, the United States
withdrew its troops from Vietnam, and the South fell shortly afterward.
     Panama came late in 1989.  We invaded a country that is not much bigger 
than Lubbock County to arrest the dictator who had supposedly been smuggling 
illegal drugs into the U.S., Manuel Noriega.  Our losses were few, but 
hundreds of Panamanian troops and civilians died in the invasion.
     Then in 1990 came "Operation Desert Storm" or as the media liked to call 
it "The War in the Gulf."  Iraq had invaded and annexed its neighbor, Kuwait.  
The United Nations passed resolutions which failed to get through to the Iraqi 
government.  So, on January 16, 1990, the combined air forces of the U.N., 
operating out of Saudi Arabia, started an air assault on Iraq, and 
particularly its capital, Baghdad.  Late in February, a ground force led by 
U.S. troops entered Kuwait and took back the capital, Kuwait City, in four 
hours.  All of Kuwait was liberated in a few days.  Many people died in the 
battles of this war.
     Last week, the United Statesfired 23 missiles at Iraq.  The reason given 
was that the Iraqi government may or may not have had a hand in several 
assassination attempts on former-President George Bush when he visited Kuwait 
last April.  Another war with Iraq may be on the horizon.  I hope not.

This file is dedicated to all of the men and women that have lost their lives 
in armed conflict.


copyright (c) 1993, by Lobo
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993, by Lobo
All rights reserved to the Great Green Guy

GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD04
