GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1  222 777          "Post-Lubbock Influenza"       w
D  //             |    \ 11    2   7              by Seth The Man            D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  222  7                                          *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1  2   7   issue #127 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111 222 7   with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 06/10/03 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

Sunday, December 1 7:47 PM CDT 2002

Apparently Lubbock carries some kind of disease for those who move away. Every
visit back leaves you with an annoying head cold post-visit. Aside from that,
my thanksgiving was pretty good. Had t-day dinner at my cousins' house, and it
was mighty fine. Went to go see the new James Bond movie with my family. Then
met up with Sir-to-the-Flea for some pool and obscenely large mugs of beer at
Billiards Plus. Found out that [Flea]'s band won the KTXT band off, much
congrats to them, and that mistuh Lobo Licious has gotten engaged, more
congrats to Steev [Licious] and [Elita-1]. Friday I helped daddio put up the
christmas lights, then met up with Ocso [Bob tMotW] for lunch. We had lunch at
his friend Lisa's resteraunt because it was her last day there after 3 and a
half ears, er, years. After lunch [Bob] and I tried to track Steev down at
Hastings, but he was not there, so we just wandered around and re-ordered the
items on the shelves. Then [Flea] called and invited us to come by their band
practice, so we went to [Frank Ferra]'s house to hear them play. They sounded
really good, I was much impressed. After leaving there we went by [Bob]'s
house and played some ping-pong, where [Bob] routed me easily. I love ping-
pong, it is such a great game. After that I headed home to the parents house
and hung out with the 'rents for a bit. From there I caught up with [Flea],
[Frank Ferra] and the band for some post practice beer and food at Crickets.
The guys in the band seem really cool, I hope they do well. I'm sure I'll link
up to some of their stuff once they get some mp3s out. We stumbled over to
Steev's after dinner to hang out a bit with the king chach and his woman in
their new apartment. It was tastefully decorated in horror movie posters. They
are such a pair. We watched Tombstone for the umpteenth time, so [Bob] and
Steev could say 'Law Dog' over and over and I could make a train whistle noise
at inappropriate times. Which we did. After that I went back to the rents' and
crashed. Saturday I struck out after a home made breakfast from the madre and
headed home.

On the way home, I realized I was coming down with a cold. Ugh. So I got home
and went to work on getting something made for the Pot-Lock-Post-Thanksgiving
party that Leia and her roommates were throwing. Just about the time Larry
[Jakyl] and I were ready to go, the sinus headache portion of this lovely cold
decided to clock me. Larry and I discussed it and decided that what I needed
was some Merlot from the wine that Larry had gotten for the party. This, as it
turns out, is not actually a cure for a head cold. The wine ended up zonking
me out for the duration of the party. I spent most of the time alternately
staring at the ceiling and staring at the walls. Which is a shame, because I
had been looking forward to the party all week. Yegh. I did get to see Grand
Master Ratte again and learn some news about the ever elusive BillGibe. The
rest of our conversation seemed to have to do with buying money and making a
fictional blog about celebrity name dropping with illustrations of burning
pets. You're probably thinking that this is some kind of disease and wine
muddled thought nonsense, but since it was the ratte, I'm not so sure.

So we made it home at some point and I nursed on some NyQuil.

- www.chach-house.net/~stm/ -

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#127 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMII/MMIII Seth The Man/GwD Publications       /---------------\
copyright (c) MMIII GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved           :LIFE KILLS LIFE:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
