GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1  333 777          "Thoughts on Nothing"          w
D  //             |    \ 11    3   7             by Dr. Dr. Otis             D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  333  7                                          *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1    3 7   issue #137 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111 333 7   with a Twist -- of Lime" ***** 12/31/03 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

So I was just sitting here, and I realized that I haven't written anything
for this e-rag lately.  And it came to me:  I have absolutely nothing to say.
Seriously, nothing at all.  Why am I writing this, then?  To prove that
Licious and the other GwD-types will literally publish anything.  Anything at
all.  Even this little rant about how I have nothing to say.  Sure, lots of
things have happened this year.  The U.S. fought (and continues to fight) a
war in Iraq, the reasons for which are debatable at best.  The Democratic
candidates for President have fought each other, insulting each other at every
turn.  Michael Jackson is in trouble for supposedly molesting a kid.  Again.
But I have nothing to talk about.  I know that you don't care about my
opinions on any of this stuff; I doubt if you care about my opinions on
anything at all.  Oh well, I'm still writing this, and it feels good.  A
little TOO good, if you know what I mean.  Wait, I don't even know what I
mean.  I should probably shut up now, but I don't think I will yet.  I've
written some opinionated stuff, haven't I?  Also, some stuff that required
research.  Today, though, I'm writing about nothing, and you're reading it
(assuming you've read this far).  Why are you reading it?  Because you have
nothing better to do?  Or because you're as bored as I am, writing it?  I have
no idea what else to say, yet I keep typing.  Typing, typing, typing.  One
day, I may say something important.  Wouldn't want to miss that, would you?
Yes, I have to PhDs, and I'm working on an MD.  Am I smart?  Smarter than you,
certainly, but not really smart.  I'm just kidding, maybe I'm not smarter than
you.  You, I think, would at least think of something to write about.  Me, I'm
just sitting here, doing nothing, typing about nothing.  Wondering if anyone
ever reads any of the shit I write, either here or in the scholarly journals
in which I publish.  I don't know what's going on in the world, not really.  I
know a few things I see in the campus newspaper, and I watch a little bit of
the nightly news now and again, but I'm mostly clueless.  Yet I have this
forum to write about whatever I want.  I also post on the GwD-blog-thing.  Two
forums for me to exercise my writing, and I don't know what to say.  What
should I write about?

The next thing I write won't suck this much.  Or it will suck more.  I promise
you that.  One or the other, but not both.  Because that would make no sense.
Like this weird-ass rant.

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#137 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMIII Dr. Dr. Otis/GwD Publications            /---------------\
copyright (c) MMIII GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved           :WOOGIE + WOOGIE:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
