GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1    4 555     "Dispatches from the Plains VII"    w
D  //             |    \ 11   44 5                  by fastjack              D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  444 555                                         *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1    4   5 issue #145 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111   4 555 with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 05/05/05 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

Let's get something clear here.  You are not a "Spiritual Person."  You have
no concept of the higher glory of the spirit.  You mix new age bullshit with
old time religion and you create this deity, this beard in the clouds who
gives a damn about you.  You blithely assume that because the prohibition
against bacon is out the window that you can pick and choose from the Old
Testament, and further, you seem to think that just because you own a book on
Angels and live in what is termed a "Christian Nation" that you have some kind
of one up on the rest of the universe.

Somehow, this twisted mish-mash of various and sundry spirituality seems to
grant you insight into the higher order of the universe.  You're like this
knucklehead (URL no longer resolves, alas).  Somehow, you think that even when
you live (metaphorically) in the home of an ex-Waffen SS officer, near a
concentration camp where thousands of people died, that some angel or ghost or
ghost of an angel is going to swoop down from the heavenly host and change
some traffic lights so you make it to work on time.  Let's try to clarify this
a bit:  You think that a being of divine creation that spends its time
praising God for all eternity or destroying cities that happen to be rife with
wickedness has the time in their celestial Day Runner to make sure your
fucking nonfat mochachino is ready quickly so that you don't miss the fucking
trailers at the vapid and empty film you are going to see?  You think they
found your keys today?  While people die of starvation all over the world on a
daily basis, you think that an angel took the time out of their day to make
sure your huge ass didn't have to walk through three rooms to find the keys to
your SUV?  And you honestly believe this because it said it in a book you got
on the bargain spirituality table at your local faceless book emporium?  The
one right next to the tarot cards?  The tarot cards that are pretty much a no
go in YOUR BIBLE?

Well, here's the problem. You are an idiot. Well, maybe not an idiot, I'm
feeling charitable.  There was a can of Vienna Sausages in the cabinet I
didn't know about, so at least I get dinner tonight.  No, you are gullible.
You assume that because something is wrapped in shiny words, it must be good.
If the back cover of someone's books says they have a PhD in angelology, well
it must be good.  Obviously, they did eight years of school to get that
degree, and since we've established you lack the capability to ask yourself,
"Is there really a PhD in angelology?" they must be learned.  You would go out
of your way to pick up a book that says it's used by the military and purports
to hold great secrets
(http://search.barnesandnoble.com/booksearch/isbnInquiry.asp?isbn=0938294369).
You assume that what it says on the cover is true.  It's a mystical book so it
must be kept from the normal people like yourself who would only use it for
good.  Obviously, it is a secret the warmongers want to keep to themselves.
Bullshit.  I was in the Army and I can tell you this:  I can put a 120mm tank
round into a mouse ass from four thousand meters, I can call artillery onto a
busload of children with nothing but a pair of binoculars and my hand, I can
clean a latrine so well that your guardian angel would take a day off to
admire it, but I sure as fuck can't make myself invisible.

You want to be spiritual, you read the Bible.  You want that connection to a
deity, then you just say, "OK, this is my commitment.  I don't do bad things,
I aspire to live like Jesus."  That's it, that's all there is to it.  You
don't buy books and cards and candles and hope to learn some mystical shit.
That isn't spirituality, that is signing up to be a magician's assistant.
Done.

Ok, I can't talk at you anymore.  It always makes my chest hurt and my left
arm go numb.  You're a jerk.

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#145 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMV fastjack/GwD Publications                  /---------------\
copyright (c) MMV GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved             :EAT YOUR FINGER:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
