GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1  222  1              "Mein Jewlatto"             w
D  //             |    \ 11    2 11           by Ciacco the Hog and          D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  222  1        Bob the Master of the World       *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1  2    1  issue #121 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111 222 111 with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 05/17/02 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

"Dreidel, dreidel, dreidel, I made you out of fried chicken."

No, this isn't a Negroni masquerading as a Hebe.  It is the song of the
Jewlatto, the spotlight mixed race of the week.  For those of you not in the
know, the Jewlatto is the result of a union of the Negrous and Jewish races.
While each race separately has endured derision and racism, the resulting
Jewlatto enjoys only the most advantageous of the traits of the "afro-
mentioned" races.  While each race has been considered a regression of
humanity, the Jewlatto is humanity's future.  The face of the future sports a
protuberant nose, DSLs (dick-sucking lips), and a "phat afro."  Other physical
traits of the Jewlatto include a mighty, athletic build and a fatty-lumpkin
cock.  Other than the nose, the Jewlatto possesses predominantly Negrous
bodily characteristics, but this is offset by the mental inheritance from the
Hebrewan parent.  The Jewlatto will possess abundant natural intelligence as
well as a "frugal" fiscal policy.  Though the Jewlatto keeps a tight grip on
his purse-strings, he will occasionally blow a lot of money souping up his
ride and engaging the services of the "bitches and hoes."  The Jewlatto's garb
consists of a FUBU yarmulke and a girthy, diamond-studded Star of David (with
a dollar-sign in the middle of it) on a gold chain.  Sometimes amidst the
curls can be found long Orthy locks.  The Yid-kid (or "Levite") will be fluent
in both Ebonics and Yiddish.  He will listen to Two Live Jews and The Jew and
His Motley Crew.  Diet will consist of fried gefilte fish and watermelon,
washed down with some kosher malt liquor.  The Jewlatto is in rare form during
the festive time of "Kwanzanakah."  The Jewlatto's role models include George
Washington Carverstein, creator of the fried peanut, and Shaniquah Streisand,
the singing sensation.  Based on our asinine but rigorous scientific research,
we have found that the Jewlatto is more easily adaptable to the climate of the
21st century than other passe racial mixtures such as the Hispanislopes,
Pollwops, and "A-rabs."

For more fun facts and to sign up to contribute to the Jewlatto Creation Fund,
please visit www.jewlatto.org.

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#121 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMII Ciacco & Bob/GwD Publications             /---------------\
copyright (c) MMII GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved            :SEND MORE MONEY:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
