GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1  333  1               "Lubbock Trip"             w
D  //             |    \ 11    3 11               by Seth The Man            D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  333  1                                          *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1    3  1  issue #131 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111 333 111 with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 06/10/03 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

Tuesday, October 8 11:22 AM CDT 2002

Ok, I promised some kind of report about my trip to Lubbock, so I'll try and
do so here, before I get completely sidetracked by the new update to the
XMLJourn script, which should come out soon with a bugfix and some new, useful
features. ..

I got into Lubbock around 3:00pm Monday, and nobody was around, so I went and
played some discgolf at the Mackenzie State Park disc golf course . This was a
weird experience, since I was out by myself in my hometown, having just
arrived from the big city, and felt strangely less safe than in Dallas.
Apparently, Lubbock's crime rate is actually higher than that of Dallas.
Creepy. I got over it soon enough and enjoyed a round of disc golf after my
five hour drive.

Tuesday I went out again with Trev [Sir Flea] and got some really good
pictures of us playing and of the course. I also had lunch with [Bob tMotW],
who has a message, apparently, for all you DFW people. I had dinner with my
family and enjoyed a nice home cooked meal. I went and found Trevor at
Crickets where the KTXT peeps were finishing up their staff meeting, and got
roped into helping them hand out fliers after the creed concert. Blech, what
college students will do for beer money! :)

Wednesday I had lunch with Steev [Licious] and John [Hallucination] at One
Guy from Italy, where the guy there still remembers me from High school.
Actually, I didn't eat then because I was still pretty full from a big
breakfast my ma had made for me. After lunch at One Guy's, I met up with [Bob]
at an anti-war rally on the Texas Tech campus, hung out a bit, listened to
some speakers and watched the puppet-show. Then we went and got some lunch at
Georgio's, where they again remembered me from Highschool. Then I spent the
rest of the afternoon getting all of my stuff out of my parent's extra garage
and over to the storage place to allow my father to hang up his dead animals
in the garage without them bleeding all over my couch. I got to see my 19"
rack again. That was nice. Wednesday night I met up with Trev at Bash
Riprock's to see Watermelon Fast Bass perform their duties as host band for
the Travling Zoo open mic night. Trev bought me beer, because I was broke, and
he is a swell fellow.

Thursday I went shopping with my sister. That was a lot of fun because she is
very good at it, while I was having trouble remembering prices from several
stores back, she could recall the prices and the variations in colors and
sizes from store to store, it was uncanny. We had lunch at Saigon Cafe. If you
are in Lubbock, you probably owe it to yourself to stop in and at the least
have an eggroll. I love that place. After lunch I met up with mi madre and got
my toe fixed (finally), so in a few more days I shall be a normal person again
and not have this ridiculous pain in my toe all the time. Thursday night I
had dinner with [Hallucination] and Kelly at their house, and we watched "Big
Lebowski" for the umpteenth time because it is such a great movie. Later I met
up with Oscar, Joel, Trevor and his brother Scott at Billiards Plus and played
some pool.

Friday I got up early to go get my 'wellness' screening done at Lubbock High.
Got some bloodwork done and my flu shot. Then had breakfest with my parents at
the Pancake House, and managed to get on the road at a decent hour.

It was a fun trip, I have so many great friend's and family in Lubbock, but I
still couldn't wait to get back to Dallas. Something about Lubbock just brings
me down, I don't know what it is.

- www.chach-house.net/~stm/ -

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#141 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMII/MMIII Seth The Man/GwD Publications       /---------------\
copyright (c) MMIII GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved           :LASERBEAM BOZOS:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
