GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1  000 222           "The CIA Hit List"            w
D  //             |    \ 11  0 0   2           by Lawrence Wilmot            D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  0 0 222                                         *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1  0 0 2   issue #102 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111 000 222 with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 06/11/01 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

Re-printed from _The SPOTLIGHT_ newsweekly, 1993.

===========================================================================

EXCLUSIVE TO THE SPOTLIGHT By Lawrence Wilmot

Murder on a major or minor scale - whether it involved "terminating" an
individual target or decimating an unruly population - is a routine tactic of
the CIA. Although theoretically prohibited by law from killing anyone, the CIA
may well have been responsible directly and indirectly for more violent deaths
over the past 45 years than the U.S. Army, cold-war historians suggest. One
former CIA officer, John Stockwell, claims the agency's worldwide covert
actions have cost "millions of lives." An updated roster of the CIA's victims
would fill hundreds of pages, a SPOTLIGHT reporter exploring the subject
discovered recently. Among the agency's best-known assassination targets:

- In June, 1959, Col. Ahmad Bukkiting, an Indonesian officer, was waylaid and
murdered in his car in Central Sumatra. He was reportedly suspected of trying
to drop out of a CIA-organized military coup against Indonesia's Sukarno
government.

- On January 17, 1961, Prime Minister Patrice Lumumba of the Congo (now Zaire)
was murdered by indigenous forces paid and armed by the CIA. The official
explanation: Lumumba was "a Soviet pawn." The real reason: A financial
consortium controlled by David Rockefeller had set its sights on the region's
rich mineral resources. A compliant and utterly corrupt leader was installed,
Mobutu Sese Seko, whose legendary skimming of foreign aid has turned him into
one of the world's wealthiest men.

- In May, 1961, Gen. Rafael Leonidas Trujillo, the long-ruling strongman of
the Dominican Republic known as a pro-U.S. nationalist, was shot to death in
his chauffeur-driven limousine by a hit team of local officials recruited and
armed by the CIA. The official explanation: Trujillo was a "human rights"
offender who tended to "terminate" his rivals. The real reason: One of the
enemies liquidated by Trujillo, Dr. Jesus Galindez, was a key CIA undercover
agent.

- In 1961-62, the CIA organized several strikes against Dr. Francois
"Papa Doc" Duvalier, Haiti's sinister dictator. He survived, but a hit team
headed by Clement Barbot, who had been a Haitian presidential bodyguard before
he went to work for the CIA, managed to kill one of Duvalier's daughters and
members of his staff. The reason: White House fears that Duvalier was a
dangerous madman.

- South Vietnamese President Ngo Dinh Diem was assassinated along with his
brother, Ngo Dinh Ngu, by the CIA in 1963, reportedly on direct orders from
the White House.

- On November 22, 1963, during a visit to Dallas, President John F. Kennedy
came under the guns of a hit team whose trail has been traced to the CIA. The
same day, the CIA's chief of clandestine services, Desmond FitzGerald, held a
secret meeting in a Paris hotel room to hand a Cuban contact a poison-tipped
ball-point pen designed to kill Cuban President Fidel Castro. Kennedy died;
the communist dictator survived the CIA's assassination attempt.

- In March, 1965, a French inspection team headed by Col. Roger de Tassigny
traveled through Laos and Vietnam gathering evidence on the booming narcotics
trade supervised and protected by CIA agents. Departing Saigon in a U.S.
helicopter, they were killed in a mid-air explosion. The official explanation:
an accident. The real reason: The CIA saw the investigation as a threat and an
attempt to sabotage its covert networks throughout Indochina.

- Salvador Allende, president of Chile, was overthrown and killed during a
CIA-engineered coup in 1973, in which the intelligence agency conspired with
Chilean military officers to murder the president and install a military junta.

- In June, 1973, Rodolfo "El Cojo" Cisneros and Mario Avila, the reputed
leaders of a Mexican marijuana gang, were shot to death in Panama. Their
murders were part of a top-secret CIA operation code named "Deacon II,"
designed to "eliminate narcotics kingpins beyond the reach of conventional
U.S. law enforcement," in which more than a dozen drug suspects were
reportedly killed.

- Chilean diplomat Orlando Letelier, in exile from his country after the coup
for his criticism of the CIA's takeover, was killed in a 1976 car bombing in
Washington. All signs point to a CIA hit in the heart of the nation's capital.

- In January, 1978, a team of CIA operatives smuggled a bomb aboard a Cuban
airliner making a refueling stop in Barbados. The plane exploded shortly after
takeoff, killing all 83 aboard. The official explanation: The bomb was
supposed to go off while the airliner was still on the ground, causing heavy
damage but no loss of life, but accidentally went off late. The truth: The
explosives detonated on schedule. The CIA had no regrets for Cuban casualties.

- On January 26, 1980, Francis John Nugan, chairman of the Nugan Hand Bank,
was found shot to death in his Mercedes limousine in Lithgow, Australia.
Nugan's murder - he was found to have been a clandestine CIA money broker and
arms smuggler - is now attributed to the CIA by Australian authorities.

- In retaliation for what it assumed to be Iranian support
for the resurgence of militant Moslems - particularly in Lebanon, where
American hostages included William Buckley, the local station chief of the
agency - the CIA waged a sustained campaign of terrorism and assassination
against Iran from 1981 through 1990. At least 14 key members and religious
leaders of Iran's fundamentalist government were killed or gravely injured.
The agency denied involvement.

- As part of this campaign mentioned above, the CIA tried to kill Sheisk
Mohammed Fadlallah, spiritual leader of a faction suspected of kidnapping
Americans, in 1986 with a massive carbomb. The sheik escaped, but 80
bystanders were killed.

- In October, 1987, Rolando Maferrer, an exiled Cuban arms dealer and
right-wing militant, was killed by a car bomb in Miami. After years of
investigation, his murder has now been linked to the CIA.

- On August 11, 1988, Malcolm McHugh, a Canadian arms dealer, was killed by a
gunshot in his Brussels apartment. He had reportedly surprised a team of CIA
burglars going through his files in search of evidence of illicit trade with
Cuba.

- On August 17, 1988, Gen. Zia ul-Haq, Pakistan's president and military
strongman, died in a mid-air explosion of his aircraft. His death came after a
sharp dispute between his government and the CIA over conduct of the civil war
in Afghanistan bogged down in a bitter deadlock, and is now generally ascribed
to the agency by Pakistani investigators.

- In October, 1989, Whitman Conte, an American pilot, was killed in South
Africa by a bomb hidden in the luggage compartment of his small plane. Long
involved in CIA-sponsored diamond-smuggling flights, Conte was reportedly
preparing to sell his story to the media when he was silenced.

- In September, 1990, an exiled Egyptian teacher, Maloof Haddad, was murdered
in Paris for alleged terrorist activities involving U.S. diplomats and the
1975 slaying of Saudi Arabia's oil minister.

- Derek Swanepool, a British journalist, made repeated visits last year to the
Philippines collecting evidence on reported payoffs received by U.S. officials
and CIA agents who helped overthrow the government of Ferdinand Marcos in 1986.

In February, 1993, he was found shot to death in his hotel room. Swanepool
had reportedly turned up pay-dirt that would have led to high-level
indictments among the Washington national security bureaucrats who ousted
Marcos. Sources familiar with CIA tactics and motives say it was an agency hit.

============================================================================

The story above is taken from The SPOTLIGHT newspaper, published weekly in
Washington, D.C. by Liberty Lobby. Subscriptions, $36/year. Contact, The
SPOTLIGHT, 300 Independence Ave., SE, Washington, D.C. 20003, or call
(202)546-5611.

MAY BE RE-POSTED IF SOURCE AND SUBSCRIPTION INFORMATION ARE INCLUDED

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#102 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) 1993 Leonard Wilmot/The SPOTLIGHT              /---------------\
distributed MMI by GwD Publications/GwD, Inc. MMI            :RIGHT AND TASTY:
re-released by The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc.  :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
