GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
G                                                                            G
w   _____          ____   1    4 888               "Slopetopia"              w
D  //             |    \ 11   44 8 8      by Bob the Master of the World     D
* ||  ____        | || |  1  444 888                                         *
G ||    || \    / | || |  1    4 8 8 issue #148 of "GwD:  The American Dream G
w  \\___//  \/\/  |____/ 111   4 888 with a Twist -- of Lime" * rel 05/05/05 w
D                                                                            D
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---

I had a dream the other night.  I was in a field.  I thought at first that it
was grass, but then I realized it was rice.  I plucked some of it from the
ground and tasted it.  It was amazing.  I wandered for a bit, and I hit upon
a dirt road that led into a market.  

The market thronged with a veritable sea of people, all of whom appeared to be
much smaller than I was.  I waded through them, as I waded through the rice
field.  As I looked down upon their small faces, I noticed smiles upon all of
them, and they spoke in a rapid, odd type of sing-song speech.  They offered
me all sorts of electronic gadgets, and the air was abuzz with the sounds of
circuitry and currents.

Beyond the market was some kind of palace, whose gate was large enough for me
to enter.  Upon entering, I was greeted by a number of females, one of which
led me into some chamber.  I looked into her eyes, and they were small slits.
I noticed she had some difficulty seeing me, but I was large enough for her to
get a general feel of my location and bodily activity.  She spoke to me,
saying "Five?"  She repeated this question several times, and then she grabbed
my penis with her diminutive hand.  Taken aback by this, yet at the same time
pleased, I nodded my head vigorously in assent.  She proceeded to fellate me,
and the other females entered into the chamber.  One by one, they took turns,
and at the end of this lengthy exercise, they requested a small sum of perhaps
fifty dollars.  Thus, as I deduced, the original words were in the form of an
offer, namely for an act of fellatio for five dollars.  As I had a sizeable
amount of money on my person, I continued to receive such services.

Unfortunately, at the height of ecstasy, I awoke.  Before the dream ended, I
realized, just for an instant, where in fact I was.  Slopetopia!

[This file is offensive.  You probably shouldn't have read it.  -Ed.]

  ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---   --  -  --   ---
Issue#148 of "GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime" ISSN 1523-1585
copyright (c) MMV Bob tMotW/GwD Publications                 /---------------\
copyright (c) MMV GwD, Inc.  All rights reserved             :HUMANITY SUCKS.:
a production of The GREENY world DOMINATION Task Force, Inc. :      GwD      :
Postal:  GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490   \---------------/
FYM -+- http://www.GREENY.org/ - editor@GREENY.org - submit@GREENY.org -+- FYM
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
