GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
    T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                                   Presents:
                                    "BBSes"
                                  by Sir Flea

    Here's a post by Sir Flea that came about during a rather large flame war on
the Snake's Den.  It is actually relevant to society at large, so I thought you
might like to read it.  It was originally a post, so bear with us.  Here goes:

It's time for another fucking long post that everyone with spacebar through.

    First, what does BBS stand for?  Bulletin Board System.  Bulletin board, as
in post messages for other people to read.  INFORMATION.  Not faking who you
really are because you're too much of a pussy to face the person.  So you decide
to take it to the boards where everyone is equal and size doesn't matter.  It's
the little man's refuge.  And the pussy's playtoy.  BBS's were made in the faith
that it would be a great way of communicating and change of information.  And it
was, until we got into the higher speeds, and we realized we could be COOL and
be WAREZ D00D.  So then we got the idea, that the new people who just on were
just plain stupid.  And we were better than them because we were WAREZ D00DS.
And we were, for a little while.  Then we realized that they were learning, and
soon they had faster modems, we looked for support from our friends, and we
realized that we didn't have any.  We had been so busy congratulating ourselves
that we forgot who and what really mattered.  Damnit, why does the Human Race
have to destroy itself all the time.  We see it everywhere.  Goddamnit....we
won't live to see our grandchildrens' 10 birthday's.

I don't know the purpose of this post, I just threw alot of shit out.

For those of you who read it, oh well. 

------------------------------[GwD Command Centers]-----------------------------
    Chaos               (806)797-7501   |   Club Baby Seal     (806)XXX-XXXX
    GridPoint           (405)920-1347   |   Static Line        (806)747-0802
    Federation Slayers' (806)798-8168   |   The Anti BBS       (806)763-3549
    The Snake's Den     (806)793-3779   |   PCI                (806)792-3302
    The Siege Perilous  (806)793-3779   |   The Sprawl         (806)797-0820
    Brazen's Hell       (301)776-8259   |
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                             /---------------\
copyright (c) 1994 by Sir Flea of GwD Inc.                   :FIGHT THE POWER:
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993 by Lobo:      GwD      :
All rights reserved to The Guy What Wears Green              \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD32
