GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
    T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e
                                   Presents:
                      "|\|3\x/Zzzf!@5h" -- GwD Title #1
       also titled "Recruits Sold On Incentive to Serve" -- actual title
       also titled "One of Our Own Joins the U. S. Army" -- GwD Title#2
                               by Ray Westbrook

For those of you that don't know, GwD Member and ex-Dog Type of Guy fastjack has
joined the U.S. Army.  The following is an article from the local newspaper
which describes this:
________________________________________________________________________________
Monday, January 9, 1995 (from the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal)

ARMY OFFERS SCHOOL FUNDS TO ENLISTEES
----------------
    When a high school senior and his career dreams intersect the military needs
of a nation, sometimes the two can make a deal.
    College programs now are offered to students who can score above average on
the Armed Services Vocational Aptitude Battery test, and the military stands to
gain by enlisting the brightest of the nation's sons and daughters to flesh out
its personnel structure.
    That indirect route to a college education is taken by a relatively small
number of students, however, according to high school counselors, who say a
previous interest in the military usually accompanies the decision to sign up.
    Sherri McCord, Tahoka Independent School District Counselor, said some of
her students go into the military with the specific understanding that they will
receive funds later for college, an agreement she calls a "wonderful process."
    However, most of the students in her frame of reference do go directly to
college.
    "I can get any student into college with financial aid, those who could not
attend otherwise," she said of available non-military assistance.
    She does not direct students to take a particular route.  "It's their life,"
she said.  "They must make the decisions.  I am a facilitator, not a director."
    The test is given every two years to Tahoka juniors and seniors who may be
interested in the military.
    McCord requires the recruiters to back off for a period of six months after
the tests to give the students adequate time to do some clear thinking on what
they would like to do with the results.
    "I will not let the recruiters push my kids.  I am very protective in that
sense," she said.  "I am going to make sure they understand the benefits and the
pitfalls.  And the same thing for college -- college is not all parties and
fun."
    Damion White, Michael Marsh [fastjack] and Wanda Jarmon are among area
students who have taken up the military on its proposals of training, job
experience, and college education in exchange for three- to four-year
enlistments.  They say if they like the service, they may stay in longer.
    Marsh and White graduated from Roosevelt High School in June, and were
scheduled to begin the U.S. Army's basic training Thursday at Fort Knox, Tenn.
Jarmon is still a senior at Lubbock High School, and will begin training as a
medical specialist in the army June 6 at Fort Leonardwood, Mo.
    College after the service was the primary motive for Marsh, 18, although he
is keeping his options open to pursue a career in the military.
    "It seemed like a good enough thing to me," he said of the Army's offer of a
total of $25,000 for college in exchange for three years of service.  "It's
purely fiscal."
    White, 19, who also will receive the fund for three years, likes the idea of
the action associated with the military, and uses the word patriotism from time
to time when mentioning motive.
    "I decided to go because it's something I have wanted to do for a long time,
since I was a little kid," he said.  "I used to watch Rambo movies and figured
out that's what I wanted to do someday."
    His grandfather was a soldier in World War II.
    "If I decide I like it, I might stay in.  I am also trying to be a highway
patrolman somewhere, but I will cross that bridge when I come to it," he said.
    Jarmon, 17, who never lets an episode of "ER" go unwatched, also is pursuing
a lifelong dream.
    "I signed up for four years mainly for the skill training.  I someday hope
to be a doctor."
    Although she is not in line for the college fund, she feels the military
will offer a streamlined route into the medical field.  "I feel like going into
the military will be easier, less stressful, and there is financial support,"
she said.
    Jarmon's mother, Della Cooper, said her daughter had won a $12,500
scholarship to Texas Tech.  "She went to classes three summers in a row, but
figured that was not enough.  And when the recruiter went to her school, she was
she was interested."
    Careful thought was put into the plan.
    "This being my only child, this was a hard decision," Cooper said.  "We work
-- my husband is a blue collar (worker) -- and the kind of money it takes for
medical school was astronomical to us.  We decided that since this was her goal
-- and she had sat through all the conferences and had really thought this
through -- we together made up our minds."
    Jarmon has had no second thoughts:  "I have about six more months before I
leave, and I am very anxious.  I can't wait."
    However, Cooper could have waited a while.  "I'm having a hard time
realizing that in June she will be gone."
    "Once, she said something that thrilled my heart.  She had caught me looking
sad, thinking, 'My baby is going to be gone,' and she said 'Mom, think about it
this way:  I won't be here in all this garbage that's going on in Lubbock.'"
    "All her friends are having (illegitimate) babies," she went on to explain.
"I thank God she has stayed focused on being a physician.  I couldn't be selfish
in denying her that extra help because all it would have taken would have been
negative vibes from me."
    Marsh said his parents think his decision is great, and White got much the
same reaction.
    "My mom is pretty supportive about it.  She's been wanting me to do it,"
WHite said.
    Many military recruiters are walking testimonials that the military can be a
good deal fro some young people.
    Sgt. Angelo Brown of the U.S. Army's Lubbock recruiting station, said, "I
think that the army is a godd start for anybody who is interested in getting
some skilled training and perhaps money for college to further their education."
    Brown said he hadn't planned on joining the army as a possible career.
    "But due to the fact of all the benefits offered and the opportunities
available, it turned out to be a good thing," he said.
    Petty Officer Second Class Todd Spargo, a native of Raton, N.M., and now a
member of the Navy Recruiting Command in Lubbock, also plans to stay for the
duration.
    "As for myself, I now go to school at Texas Tech.  I am going to stay in as
a career."
    When asked if the test is tough, he says, "It is based off a 9th-grade
education.  But then again, I have had some students in my own class -- I am a
senior at Tech -- and I had some people come in and take the practice test...
and not pass.
    Applicants must pass the test (scoring 31 or better) to qualify for the
military's $14,400 in college funds under the GI Bill, he said.
    Those scoring 50 or higher qualify for the Navy College Fund, which together
with the GI Bill can total up to $30,000, he said.  The fund would be paid in
increments of up to $833 a month for 36 academic months to full time students
who have served in the navy.
    Sgt. Bobby Cook, who recruited White, also is planning a military career.
    "I joined for two years initially out of Lubbock High School, and I just
enjoyed it, so I stayed in."
    He said his motive at first was the college money.
    "I would say that this would be the best way to not only get job experience
-- which is what a lot of employers are looking for -- but also to get some
money for college and to see the world."
________________________________________________________________________________
"Note how fastmike said 'It's purely fiscal' and the other guy wanted to be like
Rambo."
        - Zippy
________________________________________________________________________________
-----------------------------[GwD Command Centers]------------------------------
    Chaos               (806)797-7501   |   PCI                (806)792-3302
    GridPoint Durant    (405)920-1347   |   The Sprawl         (806)797-0820
    Federation Slayers' (806)798-8168   |   Goat Blowers Anon. (215)750-0392
    The Snake's Den     (806)793-3779   |   The Lagoon         (914)638-3712
    The Siege Perilous  (806)762-0948   |   Altered Reality    (203)925-8349
    Brazen's Hell       (301)776-8259   |   Cell Block 4       (214)612-8694
    Pirate's Cove       (806)795-4926   |   Static Line        (806)747-0820
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
               ftp =-= etext.archive.umich.edu /pub/Zines/Greeny
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
copyright (c) 1995 by the Lubbock Avalanche-Journal           /---------------\
text file copyright (c) 1995                                  :FIGHT THE POWER:
GREENY world Domination Task Force copyright (c) 1993 by Lobo :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                           \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD38
