GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __     55555555555     666
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   55             666
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  55            666
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    5555555555   6666666666
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_           555  666     666
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|          555  666     666
                                  |__|  |__|    55      555  666     666
                                                 555555555    666666666

    "Enter the Trailer Park Queen" by Trailer Park Queen (with Bill Hooper)

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #56 -----
                        ----- release date:  12-31-97 -----

    Alissa was a small girl.  She liked to play with many items that are
considered normal for little girls of her age.  Alissa played with a variety of
little plastic dolls, stuffed animals, and other such girlie toys.  Alissa was a
very small girl.  Sometimes, when she would stay up late playing with her toys,
she fell asleep in the middle of the pile of babies, dogs, frogs, and other
playthings.  She used to dream about a better life, about living in a trailer
park.  In such a wonderful place she could visit all of her friends without her
mom having to worry about her crossing the street.  She could also sneak out
any time she wanted to see them because trailer parks are not well lit and have
lots of back routes.

    She never lost this dream of living in a trailer park.  It even affected her
career.  Although she discovered the job market a little difficult for women to
enter, she quickly discovered an occupation in which she could excel.  At first,
her job was just a supplement to her allowance; she would turn tricks whenever
she wanted a new Barbie.  Then, as her reputation spread, her career began to
take up more and more of her time.  Soon, she had too many customers to handle
on her own.  She had to hire some assistants.  At the ripe old age of twenty-
three she became a madame.

    Being a perfectionist, she strived to constantly improve her business.  At
first, she rented a house for her place of business.  But she noticed certain
problems that arose.  For example, when the mayor emerged from room 203 and ran
across one of the city councilmen, a huge political debate ensued, resulting in
the city councilman publicly announcing that the mayor is a lesbian.  Then it
came to Alissa.  Move the business to a trailer park!  Customers could then come
and go without ever having to see each other because of the poorly lit walkways.

So that's what she did and how she became the Trailer Park Queen.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

    www =-= http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/index.html (The GwD WebSite)
            http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/                (Chaos, the Web-BBS)
            http://www.snakeden.org/                        (The Snake's Den)
    ftp -=- ftp.etext.org /pub/Zines/Greeny/
 telnet =-= snakeden.org
 e-mail -=- gwd@geocities.com (Subj: subscribe GwD)
    BBS =-= The Snake's Den - (806)793-3779 -- damn right it's still dial-in

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
     "Scoring in art class has nothing to do with drugs, sex, or football."
             -Suzanne Copeland, Art Teacher at Lubbock High School
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-
                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s
                                                              /---------------\
copyright (c) MCMXCVII by GwD, Inc.                           :FIGHT THE POWER:
GwD Task Force copyright (c) MCMXCIII by Lobo Licious         :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                           \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD56
