GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __     55555555555  77777777777
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   55                   777
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  55                  777
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    5555555555         777
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_           555       777
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|          555      777
                                  |__|  |__|    55      555     777
                                                 555555555     777

                "PUBLIC ENEMY #1:  CIA" submitted by Bill Hooper

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #57 -----
                      ----- release date:  12-31-97 -----

"I got this from some friendly guy on the street during the 'world's fair' in
Boston.  Its author(s) have parallel views to our's, and it makes everything
nice and clear.  Please distribute it ASAP."
-correspondence from Bill Hooper to Lobo Licious

You got it, Bill.  Here goes:

In 1966, CIA was up and becoming the largest corporation in North America.  By
the late 70s, the Agency had become the largest corporation in the Western
Hemisphere, with ITT (one of CIA's thousands of proprietary companies) having
put in every phone line in Central and South America.  By the late 1980s, CIA
had finally reached its goal, by becoming the largest corporation in the world,
with agents, operatives, proprietary companies and assets (witting and
unwitting) placed in every kind of business imaginable, from dry cleaning to
insurance and air transport to astrophysics, art dealing and the circus.  CIA
has its people in every country, in every domestic and foreign government agency
and university and college campus.  In 1990, the Berlin Wall came down, not
because CIA won the cold war (it's still going on), but because CIA had reached
its goal of becoming the New World Order, by securing the globe for its own
agenda, and because it could afford to play with KGB out of bed (they'd always
been in bed together).  Thus, the perfect illusion has been created.  By
switching the gameboard and rearranging mirrors, CIA is just covering all of its
bases and further encrusting its own status quo.  By advertising that it is
starting afresh, when, in fact, it has only succeeded in removing itself from
the behemoth it has created (in the public's eyes only), CIA is trying to bury
its infamous past and present itself as a virgin government agency with a clean
sheet.  Don't be fooled by this bullshit!   The likes of John Deutch and George
Tenet got to be DCIs because they are champion dissemblers, and in spite of
what they say, CIA is still the doberman pincer for the billionaire club 300,
the military industrial complex, the Texas oil and space industries and the
Eastern Banking Establishment.  CIA's Chase Manhattan Bank, the Rockefeller
Foundation, the Ford Foundation and the U.S. Information Agency are just three
of thousands of CIA fronts and conduits for CIA money.  CIA's black hole budget
is unfathomable.  The Agency's accomplishments make Stalin look like a bogeyman.
Wake up and smell the coffee!  In spite of what the villifiers in the Media say,
CIA did flush our democracy down the toilet on November 22, 1963 (with the help
of U.S. Army Intelligence).  Your Congress has been co-opted since the sixties,
when Capitol Hill was wired by Bernard Spindel.  CIA has subverted every vestige
of social and democratic change for half a century.  CIA has co-opted every
branch of government and turned the Injustice Department into just another
facade of institutional illegitimacy, and been largely responsible for turning
the last seven administrations into nothing more (or less) than puppet
governments.  The Agency has undermined the journalist profession since day one
and turned the mainstream media into a sophisticated propaganda machine that
keeps America in the delusion that it is still a democracy (if it ever was).
And until CIA, the Pentagon and the Media are accountable for their roles in the
assassinations of the sixties (JFK, RFK, Martin Luther King, Jr., et al.), and
the three-decades-plus long coverups in those crimes (the Media), America's most
popular security blanket will always be the sphincter muscle.  Until We the
People move the Injustice Department to get off of its big crack and do
something about it, the only justice the American People will ever get is what
falls through that crack.  Our votes will just remain hollow gestures, symbolic
tokens of the American delusion that is called democracy, and the last rattlings
of a vestigial petrified collective stupidity.  As long as we support Academia's
left-hemisphere linear thinking fascism, and cower to IRS' extortion, we are
just slaves to the economy that CIA is the front man for.  Unless every
American throws his or her sabot into the crypto-fascist pseudo-Judaio/Christian
Capitalist Machine, this planet is doomed to live out its existence in George
Orwell's _1984_ Revisited.  A good start would be to begin today to petition the
Injustice Department with a civil action suit against CIA (and the Pentagon and
Congress) for the cost of the Cold War (about 4 billion dollars a year times
43 years).  This is the only kind of vote that will make a difference.  Quit
gofer'n it, golf'n it, go cart'n it and guzzlin' it, and make your own ripple in
your own creative way (this is what responsible citizenship is all about).  As
Thomas Jefferson said in 1779, "God forbid we should be twenty years without a
rebellion."  Cut the crap, not the crack.  Timothy Leary beat them with love and
humor (they didn't get it and they didn't deserve it).  What they need is a good
stink bomb.  A good ol' "who me?" just might curl their nose hairs and flush out
the spooks.  Is there a spook in your family?

  SHARE   *   COPY   *   FAX   *   MAIL   *   POST   *   E-MAIL   *   INTERNET

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

    www =-= http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/index.html (The GwD WebSite)
            http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/                (Chaos, the Web-BBS)
            http://www.snakeden.org/                        (The Snake's Den)
    ftp -=- ftp.etext.org /pub/Zines/Greeny/
 telnet =-= snakeden.org
 e-mail -=- gwd@geocities.com (Subj: subscribe GwD)
    BBS =-= The Snake's Den - (806)793-3779 -- damn right it's still dial-in

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                     "2 + 2 = 5" - George Orwell, _1984_
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s
                                                              /---------------\
Spread the Word.  Distributed by GwD, Inc., Muthafucka.       :FIGHT THE POWER:
GwD Task Force copyright (c) MCMXCIII by Lobo Licious         :      GwD      :
All rights ain't reserved fer shit.                           \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD57
