GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __     55555555555        444
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   55               44 44
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  55             44   44
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    5555555555   44444444444
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_           555         44
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|          555         44
                                  |__|  |__|    55      555         44
                                                 555555555          44

                           "Stupid Girls" by Rainne

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #54 -----
                       ----- release date:  12-31-97 -----

    I have a real problem with girls who act stupid.  They prance around like
they have no idea what's going on or how to find out.  Then again, they usually
act like they don't care one bit what's gong on with the world.
    But I can handle them.   I can cope with girls like that.  I can't cope with
girls who seem to be intelligent until you start to talk to them or spend some
time with them.  The time that you spend with them starts to tell you something
about them.  They're pretending.  They have no idea what they're talking about
or how their actions are affecting others or who they're hurting.
	These are the truly stupid girls.
	I have watched seemingly smart girls pass up an offer to go out on a date 
with a smart, funny, attractive man because he wasn't 'good enough' or 'rich
enough' or some other dumb excuse.  If I had been in their shoes, I would have
jumped at the chance to take a date with the guy offering her his heart and
soul.  Yet they make up some excuse so that they can sit at home by the
telephone and wait for some other guy to call.
	And when that other guy does call, he's more than likely into drugs, or 
infidelity, or only interested in this girl because of her tits.  She knows
this, and she doesn't care.  Why should she?  He's the man of her dreams.  No,
stupid, the man of your dreams asked you out five minutes ago and you turned him
down for this dip-shit.
    So she enters this relationship with high hopes...someday, he'll quit
dealing crack/screwing my best friend/forcing me to go down on him/hitting me,
and we'll get married and have children and everything will be okay.  I don't
know why girls think like this, but most of them do.  As if 'love' is honestly
so blind that she can't tell if she's miserable or not.
    Meanwhile, perfect guy that originally asked her out, is still single.  Why?
Because all the other girls are just as stupid as the one he first asked.  They
tend to also gossip, which means that whatever reason the first girl made up
has been passed on to the other 4000000000 girls she's friends with and they all
believe it.  Uh-oh, looks like perfect guy is getting a loser rep.
	So the girl is in an awful relationship and happy about it.  Then one day, 
Mr. Misery comes home to her, or calls or whatever, and says, I've found someone
else and she's going to move in with us/I'm in jail/my best friend wants to
screw you and I said sure if he'd pay me.  Stupid girl realizes, man, this
sucks.  So she either she leaves or shoots him, and is upset by what has
happened so she calls the one guy she can think of:  perfect guy.
	We all know where this is going:  think rachel and ross on 'friends.'  She 
talks to him and he's, by this point, found someone else, but still has a crush
on stupid girl.  All would be well if only she would let it sit at friendship,
but no, like all stupid girls, she has to improve.
    Stupid girl breaks up perfect guy and perfect-for-him girl.  She then
consoles him and over weeks/days/hours makes him hers.  So, you're thinking,
all's well that ends well, right?
	Wrong.
    This is one stupid girl, remember, and not to stereotype, but its also most
of the girls that you all will be suckered into dating, but just because it's
how most of the girls in the U.S. act.
    She's in a perfect relationship with perfect guy.  Perfect for him girl has
become her mortal enemy and she suckers perfect guy into the fight.
 They avoid each other and he tells his friends awful things about
perfect-for-him girl.  The hatred keeps stupid girl happy.  For a while.
    She then realizes she's bored/horny/unable to be happy in a happy
relationship.  So she begins to look for reasons to leave the relationship.
    She will pick fights with him.  She will accuse him of seeing
perfect-for-him-once-upon-a-time-but-now-mortal-enemy girl.  She will tell him
yes when she means no and no when she means yes and be mad because he doesn't
know the difference.  She will yell because he won't argue.  She will cry
because he will.
	She will make herself miserable on purpose.
	Friends will try and help, but she'll only use them against perfect guy. 
Eventually, one of them will break down and end the relationship.  Stupid girl
will realize just how happy she could have been and try and get him back.
Sometimes, it works, but not often.  She will get back together with perfect guy
and fuck it up again.
	Why?  Because she's stupid.
    Most girls will develop relationships of this kind because they don't
realize what they want or how to get it.  They will simply destroy every thing
that's important to them in the process of fixing their life.  They will be left
alone and miserable.  But they won't know how to fix that.
    And no one will be there to help them, because they threw all their friends
away.
	Don't let a girl you know be stupid.  If you ask her out and she tells you 
'no,' send her this file and tell her you don't want her to ruin both of your
lives.  Tell her that dating you now is the only chance you'll have at
happiness.  Let her know that if you take her back later, you'll both end up
unhappy.
    Or maybe you'll get some pleasure out of knowing that you didn't want to
date a stupid girl anyway.

Well, there it is.  Its damn long and just a whole bunch of stereotyping, but
I've actually been in stupid girl's place lots of times.  So maybe its an
autobiography.  I dunno.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

    www =-= http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/index.html (The GwD WebSite)
            http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/                (Chaos, the Web-BBS)
            http://www.snakeden.org/                        (The Snake's Den)
    ftp -=- ftp.etext.org /pub/Zines/Greeny/
 telnet =-= snakeden.org
 e-mail -=- gwd@geocities.com (Subj: subscribe GwD)
    BBS =-= The Snake's Den - (806)793-3779 -- damn right it's still dial-in

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
    "I haven't given up on life, man, life's given up on me." -Swamp Ratte'
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s
                                                              /---------------\
copyright (c) MCMXCVII by GwD, Inc.                           :FIGHT THE POWER:
GwD Task Force copyright (c) MCMXCIII by Lobo Licious         :      GwD      :
All rights reserved.  THIS MEANS *YOU*.                       \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD54
