GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                      __    __        666         11
             _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_     666         111
            //             |    \  |_    __    _|   666         1111
           ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    6666666666    111
           ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   6666   6666   111
            \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  666     666   111
                                     |__|  |__|    6666   6666   111
                                                    666666666   11111

              "Commentary on Just a Bunch of Stuff I Thought About
                  When I Was Stoned and Bored." - by Sir Flea

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #61 -----
                      ----- release date:  03-17-98 -----

    Okay, here's what I don't understand.  Why is the greediest nation in the
world composed primarily of those whose faith dictates in their own sacred
script that MONEY IS THE ROOT OF ALL EVIL?
    Ahem.  I'm here(really, don't look in the closet) to show you a way.  THE
way to peace on earth and goodwill towards men.  Well, okay it's actually just
another TOOL OF THE ESTABLISHMENT TO BRING US DOWN!
    Nah, not really.  But it always sounds cool to blame it all on some secret
all-knowing, all-powerful force doesn't it?  Government is not evil and without
its existence I would not be alive today.  It was thanks to all the people, good
and not-so-good, that lived and fought before me to pay for the hospital and the
medicine that was used in my birth.  But it is also through the failure of a
TOOL OF THE ESTABLISHMENT that I was conceived in the first place.  So in all
truth, it greatly depends on your point of view.
    Which reminds me of a really great series of movies I saw one time.  You
know, the one with the "knights" and the incredibly wise Muppet....Oh well.
    What I'm afraid of is, What if the human race hasn't evolved enough yet?
What if our physical bodies aren't ready for the stress of modern life?  Maybe
we need a few more fingers or some more wrinkles in our brain.  You can never
have enough wrinkles.  I promise.  DON'T EVER TRY TO IRON YOUR BRAIN.  (Or
pickle it).  Heh.
    Okay, so let's just assume for a moment that this is true.   I mean, c'mon,
really.  Do you think Oprah Winfrey would be such a big hit if we had....say...
telepathic abilities?  The world would a lot simpler.  No one could tell
anything but the absolute truth.  And even if they didn't we'd know it
immediately.  Damn, so much for the OJ Simpson trial.  It'd be a quick, "Did ya
kill `er?"  "Yep."  "Okay, throw the switch."
    What would you call a person that lies, twists the words of others, and
calls it right?  A lawyer.  Simply put, a LAWyer is an individual (which I never
understood really....how can anyone be an indiviDUAL?) who takes the spirit of
the law, and stamps it underneath the foot of the letter.  They argue semantics
and scream for definitions of things that are indefinable, by definition.  "How
much is `excessive' abuse on a wife, your honor, really?"  In a different world
at a different time the speaker of the previous quote would have been lynched,
and who would blame the lynchers?  Not me.  To quote a very sharp wit, "I go to
bed pissed every night because of twisted assholes like Johnny Cochran who use
words like `alleged' and `race related' when the motherfucker who raped that
little girl should have been dead before he finished the `T' in `I DID IT' and
now he's sitting in a jail eating at the money the GOVERNMENT has stolen from
me using a system that was developed by LAWYERS!"
    Anyways, that's not really important.  Actually, nothing in your everyday
life is important to anyone but you.  The only people who know what is ACTUALLY
going on are either working for the government, a fellow dr00g, or DEAD.
    So you know what that means.  Join GwD or die in ignorance.  Of course,
there is the possibility that everything I've written here has been a big fat
lie, but you don't know that, do you?

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

    www =-= http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/index.html (The GwD WebSite)
            http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/                (Chaos, the Web-BBS)
            http://www.snakeden.org/                        (The Snake's Den)
    ftp -=- gwd.snakden.org /pub/GwD/
            ftp.etext.org /pub/Zines/Greeny/
            ftp.dto.net /pub/zines/gwd/
 telnet =-= solice.iglobal.net                             (Chaos, the real BBS)
            snakeden.org                                   (log-on to da Den!)
 e-mail -=- gwd@geocities.com (Subj: subscribe GwD)
    BBS =-= The Snake's Den - (806)793-3779 -- damn right it's still dial-in

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  "Life is pain, Highness.  Anyone who says differently is selling something."
                      - Wesley in "The Princess Bride"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s
                                                              /---------------\
copyright (c) MCMXCVIII by Sir Flea/GwD, Inc.                 :FIGHT THE POWER:
GwD Task Force copyright (c) MCMXCIII by Lobo Licious         :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                           \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD61
