GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __        666         22222222
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_     666         22     222
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|   666                 222
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    6666666666         222
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   6666   6666       222
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  666     666     222
                                  |__|  |__|    6666   6666   2222
                                                 666666666   22222222222

                     "The Greeny Files (Chapter 1)" by Priest

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #62 -----
                      ----- release date:  11-26-98 -----

     To say the operation was unorthodox was a major understatement.  In the
annals of black bag operations, it was THE black op.  Medically speaking, it was
an undertaking with an exponential impossibility factor.  But then, when have
human beings ever done anything by the book?
     The substance was called "slime" by the doctors and technicians working
with it because its clinical name was unpronounceable and more simply because it
looked like slime.  However, it had quite a few valuable qualities that made it
perfect for the task at hand.
     The procedure was actually quite simple.  The patient would be heavily
sedated and then would be connected to an I.V. which would slowly pump the
patient's blood out and the substance in.  The idea was for the substance to
take the place of the patient's blood completely with no less than miraculous
results.  The substance created its own oxygen, pure oxygen, much like rocket
fuel, thus eliminating the need for breathing.  The heart would keep pumping,
but it was actually unnecessary for the substance to be circulated.  Therefore,
in the event of a heart attack, the patient would not actually suffer any side
effects, least of all death.
     But that was not all.  In the extreme case of decapitation, as long as the
wound was closed quickly the "slime" would continue to supply the brain with
oxygen, preventing death.  The substance had also been designed to further the
process of platelets in the blood.  Upon contact with outside pollutants which
can only be found in the atmosphere and which can in no way enter the body, the
substance would immediately form an incredibly hard shell over the wound, like
blood, but much much faster.
     What scientists had not anticipated, though it was in the end an added
bonus was the fact that the slime was actually marginally thicker and more
viscous than blood.  At first making the patient sluggish, this eventually
increased the patient's muscle mass by an astonishing 32%, making him almost
superhuman in strength.
     There were other effects of the substance, but these first several were the
major landmark discoveries in the experiment.  The administration behind the
escapade were quite happy with their accomplishments, unaware that their little
experiment would eventually upset the balance of world power.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

                       GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
                                http://gwd.snakeden.org/

            GwD Publications:  http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/
                               ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                               ftp://gwd.snakeden.org/gwd/
                               ftp://ftp.dto.net/pub/dto/zines/gwd/
                               ftp://ftp.etext.org/pub/Zines/Greeny/

           GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                                    http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/
                  The Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                                    telnet://bbs.snakeden.org
                                    dial-in:  (806)793-3779

                            E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  "I'm more than just a rhymer, you still a small timer, hopin' that the game
     treat that ass a li'l kinder." - John Fort‚, "We Trying to Stay Alive"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MCMXCVIII Priest/GwD Publications                :FIGHT THE POWER:
copyright (c) MCMXCVIII GwD, Inc.                              :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD62
