GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __        666       55555555555
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_     666        55
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|   666         55
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    6666666666   5555555555
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   6666   6666          555
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  666     666          555
                                  |__|  |__|    6666   6666  55      555
                                                 666666666    555555555

                             "Whine" by Purpldrgn

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #65 -----
                      ----- release date:  11-26-98 -----

    I have to write something so that I can be a writer.  I think that that's a
stupid rule...but oh well...I'll play along.  I tried to write a few times
before this but it never worked out too well.  I kept writing stuff and saving
it and then my computer would unsave it and eat it.  Then I realized that I was
saving things in the "computer food" directory...so now I'm going to use a disk
so that I can have new problems.  I wrote "spontaneously combusting disk" on the
disk that I plan to use because I think that that would be an amusing problem to
have.  I'm really looking forward to sending this file to deadpan [STM] and
saying "hold on..I'll send this to you as soon as I put this disk in...I've got
it in my hand right now..." and then seeing the disk burst into flames and
having to type with one hand to explain that I can no longer send the file
because the disk has spontaneously combusted and that I'm typing slowly because
I only have one hand because the other is still holding a flaming disk and then
I'll excuse myself with a hasty "brb" to run around screaming and stuff.  Yeah.
Goshdangit there's someone at my door!  I'll whine about that!  Yeah!  Something
to whine about!  I hate people at my door...they're so noisy and ugly and
stupid.  They should go knock on other people's doors.  Wow.  But you know
what's somewhat cool about people knocking on your door?  When they do it too
often and all of the other people in your hall start to notice that door-boy is
completely obsessive and psychotic and they all become a huge bodyguard force
devoted to keeping this person away from your door.  That just totally rules.
I like it when that happens not that I want someone coming to my door just so
that that can happen or anything sick like that...it'd be much better if people
could all just instinctively know that at my door is a bad place to be...but
until that happens...it's good to know that mob mentalities and the urge to pick
on dorky obsessive compulsives can be used constructively in the interest of
anti-sociality and stuff.
    I think that one of the greatest enemies of anti-sociality is the phone.
Phones are obviously insanely evil things.  It's totally unright that people
should create things that allow other people to make all kinds of horrible
ringing noises in their homes.  No one ever understands why I'm so annoyed
whenever anyone calls.  But I mean really...I'm sitting in my room happily
ignoring the door-people, and they make this really loud ringing sound happen.
What do they expect me to say after I have to get up and put the keyboard down
and walk all the way to the phone and climb over my roommate's bed with her
sleeping in it to pick the damn thing up to make it be quiet...other than, "Why
did you do that?"  I think that I have a right to know.
    I just took a test for ADD (Attention Deficit Disorder.  Yay.  I failed
miserably. it's this silly color test where they give you a list of words like
"yellow" and "green" and "blue" and "red" and they're written in black and you
read them and time yourself and then they give you a list of the same words
written in different colors and you have to go down the list saying, not the
color that's written, but the color of the word and you time yourself and if the
difference between the 2 times is really really really really big then you've
got ADD...well...I absolutely cannot do the second test...it's really annoying.
Everyone in my room thinks that I'm cracking up because I'm sitting here
talking to myself saying stuff like "Red...NO!  Blue!...argh...wait!  No!  It's
yellow!" because this test is seriously destroying my brain and I can no longer
tell colors apart.  They should put a warning on this test that it causes color
blindness. I'm going to go and practice now.
    Should I end on a philosophical note?  Or maybe a humorous one?  No...I
don't think I'm capable of either.  I guess I'll go for that not quite
meaningful or entertaining touch?  Yeah...a quote...that'll be cool..."Stop
fighting with me inside my head!!!" -Some Kid

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------

                       GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
                                http://gwd.snakeden.org/

            GwD Publications:  http://www.geocities.com/Athens/2334/
                               ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                               ftp://gwd.snakeden.org/gwd/
                               ftp://ftp.dto.net/pub/dto/zines/gwd/
                               ftp://ftp.etext.org/pub/Zines/Greeny/

           GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                                    http://solice.iglobal.net/chaos/
                  The Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                                    telnet://bbs.snakeden.org
                                    dial-in:  (806)793-3779

                            E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org

             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
        "Pigs get fed, hogs get slaughtered." - Brutal Juice, "Numbskull"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MCMXCVIII Purpldrgn/GwD Publications             :FIGHT THE POWER:
copyright (c) MCMXCVIII GwD, Inc.                              :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD65
