GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __     77777777777   333333333
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_           777  33      333
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|         777          333
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |          777         333
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_        777            333
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|      777              333
                                  |__|  |__|       777       33      333
                                                  777         333333333

                       "Hanoi Jane" by Author(s) Unknown

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #73 -----
            ----- release date:  11-25-99 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

[NOTE:  We're taking a break from absolute crap in this issue.  The author(s)
of this article are unknown at the time of publication.  Though we vowed to
never again publish anything by unknown authors again (see gwd53b.txt), we feel
that this must be released in the slim hope that someone, anyone, who hasn't
seen it before will read it here.  This is the type of information that simply
has to be known by the public.  The author(s) also request the forwarding of the
article to as many people as possible, and if slapping a GwD header/footer on it
will get it to anyone new, it's worth it.  If you know who wrote this, PLEASE
let us know and we'll correct the by-line...credit where credit is due...and
whoever wrote this definitely deserves credit. -GwD]

                                     -----

Looks like Hanoi Jane may be honored as one of the "100 Great Women of the
Century".  JANE FONDA remembered?  Unfortunately many have forgotten and still
countless others have never known how Ms. Fonda betrayed not only the idea of
our "country" but the men who served and sacrificed during Vietnam.
 
There are few things I have strong visceral reactions to, but Jane Fonda's 
participation in what I believe to be blatant treason, is one of them.  Part of
my conviction comes from exposure to those who suffered her attentions.

The first part of this is from an F-4E pilot.  The pilot's name is Jerry
Driscoll, a River Rat.  In 1978, the Commandant of the USAF Survival School was
a former POW in Ho Lo Prison-the "Hanoi Hilton."
 
Dragged from a stinking cesspit of a cell, cleaned, fed, and dressed in clean
PJs, he was ordered to describe for a visiting American "Peace Activist" the
"lenient and humane treatment" he'd received. He spat at Ms. Fonda, was clubbed,
and dragged away.  During the subsequent beating, he fell forward upon the camp
Commandant's feet, accidentally pulling the man's shoe off - which sent that
officer berserk.  In '78, the AF Col still suffered from double vision (which
permanently ended his flying days) from the Vietnamese Col's frenzied
application of wooden baton.
 
>From 1983-85, Col Larry Carrigan was the 347FW/DO (F-4Es).  He spent 6 years in
"the Hilton" - the first three of which he was "missing in action."  His wife
lived on faith that he was still alive.  His group, too, got the cleaned/fed/
clothed routine in preparation for a "peace delegation" visit.
 
They, however, had time and devised a plan to get word to the world that they
still survived.  Each man secreted a tiny piece of paper, with his SSN on it, in
the palm of his hand.  When paraded before Ms. Fonda and a cameraman, she walked
the line, shaking each man's hand and asking little encouraging snippets like:
"Aren't you sorry you bombed babies?" and "Are you grateful for the humane
treatment from your benevolent captors?"
 
Believing this HAD to be an act, they each palmed her their sliver of paper. She
took them all without missing a beat.  At the end of the line and once the
camera stopped rolling, to the shocked disbelief of the POWs, she turned to the
officer in charge...and handed him the little pile.
 
Three men died from the subsequent beatings.  Col Carrigan was almost number
four.  For years after their release, a group of determined former POWs
including Col Carrigan, tried to bring Ms. Fonda and others up on charges of
treason.  I don't know that they used it, but the charge of "Negligent Homicide
due to Depraved Indifference" would also seem appropriate.  Her obvious
"granting of aid and comfort to the enemy," alone should've been sufficient for
the treason count.
 
However, to date, Jane Fonda has never been formally charged with anything and
continues to enjoy the privileged life of the rich and famous.  I, personally,
think that this is shame on us, the American Citizenry.  Part of our shortfall
is ignorance:  most don't know such actions ever took place.
 
Thought you might appreciate the knowledge.  Most of you've probably already
seen this by now, only addition I might add to these sentiments is to remember
the satisfaction of relieving myself into the urinal at some air base or another
where "zaps" of Hanoi Jane's face had been applied.
 
To whom it may concern: I was a civilian economic development advisor in
Vietnam, and was captured by the North Vietnamese communists in South Vietnam in
1968, and held for over 5 years.  I spent 27 months in solitary confinement, one
year in a cage in Cambodia, and one year in a "black box" in Hanoi.
 
My North Vietnamese captors deliberately poisoned and murdered a female
missionary, a nurse in a leprosarium in Ban me Thuot, South Vietnam, whom I
buried in the jungle near the Cambodian border.  At one time, I was weighing
approximately 90 lbs. (My normal weight is 170 lbs.)  We were Jane Fonda's "war
criminals."
 
When Jane Fonda was in Hanoi, I was asked by the camp communist political
officer if I would be willing to meet with Jane Fonda.  I said yes, for I would
like to tell her about the real treatment we POWs were receiving, which was far
different from the treatment purported by the North Vietnamese, and parroted by
Jane Fonda, as "humane and lenient."  Because of this, I spent three days on a
rocky floor on my knees with outstretched arms with a piece of steel placed on
my hands, and beaten with a bamboo cane every time my arms dipped.

I had the opportunity to meet with Jane Fonda for a couple of hours after I was
released.  I asked her if she would be willing to debate me on TV.  She did not
answer me; her former husband, Tom Hayden, answered for her.  She was mind
controlled by her husband.  This does not exemplify someone who should be
honored as one of the great women of the century.
 
After I was released, I was asked what I thought of Jane Fonda and the anti-war
movement.  I said that I held Joan Baez's husband in very high regard, for he
thought the war was wrong, burned his draft card and went to prison in protest.
If the other anti-war protesters took this same route, it would have brought our
judicial system to a halt and ended the war much earlier, and there wouldn't be
as many on that somber black granite all called the Vietnam Memorial.  This is
democracy.  This is the American way.

Jane Fonda, on the other hand, chose to be a traitor, and went to Hanoi, wore
their uniform, propagandized for the communists, and urged American soldiers to
desert.  As we were being tortured, and some of the POWs murdered, she called us
liars.  After her heroes-the North Vietnamese communists-took over South
Vietnam, they systematically murdered 80,000 South Vietnamese political
prisoners.  May their souls rest on her head forever.  Shame!  Shame!  (History
is a heavy sword in the hands of those who refuse to forget it.  Think of this
the next time you see Ms. Fonda-Turner at a Braves game).
 
Please take the time to read and forward to as many people as you possibly can.
It will eventually end up on her computer and she needs to know that "we will
never forget."  Lest we forget..."100 years of great women," Jane Fonda should
never be considered.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                "May the wings of Liberty never lose a feather."
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

Mentioning crap right here (like normal) seems inappropriate.  /---------------\
copyright by Author(s) Unknown.  (See Above.)                  :FIGHT THE POWER:
distributed MCMXCIX by GwD Publications/GwD, Inc.              :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD73
