GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __      888888888      666
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   888     888    666
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  888     888   666
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |     888888888   6666666666
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   888     888  6666   6666
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  888     888  666     666
                                  |__|  |__|    888     888  6666   6666
                                                 888888888    666666666

                       "Chach!" by Oscar the Pornographer

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #86 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

Lotsa folks been asking what "chach" means.  Lotsa folks been saying it and not
really knowing.  Fuck them chaches.  Here's the skinny for all you chaches in
the LBC.

Chach (n., ch-otch): Chach is not something that I originally came up with.
After asking Seth about it (God knows why) and after many hours of blathering
and talking in circles from Seth, I finally got sort of an answer. Closest I can
get is that our beloved Lobo Licious propagated this lovely term after hearing
it from a friend in high school. So it goes back many years! Anyway an example
of a chach is someone is the classical "idiot." Such as Falstaff, Maurice,
people that cut you off then slow down for reasons only apparent to their
delusional brains, anyone associated with traffic and parking anywhere in the
world, TABC, ATF, etc.

It can also be used to describe temporary moments of idiocy. Such as when you
go into a room in your house/apartment/whatever and you can't remember why you
went in there. That is you having your moment in the chach spot light all to
yourself. Or when you get in your car and are ready to backup but the car isn't
in reverse. Chach. Or when you're chilling out at a party and it is loud because
everyone is talking so you are raising your voice to be heard by someone next to
you and everyone goes quiet at the same time and you are heard yelling, "So he
fondles my balls some and I'm like is that all?" Chach.

Chach can also be conjugated, pluralized, and deformed into about anything to
suit the needs of your current situation. Such as chachiness. You have this aura
of chachiness about you. Or chach'o'rama. That movie was just one big
chach'o'rama. Or chachified. I kicked him in the nuts and he looked rather
chachified.

Taking "chach" one step further, you have:

Chach Shot: This refers to when a man totally screws up the classic money shot.
As an example he jets onto a woman's chest, stomach, leg, the sink, etc.

[Editor's note:  When something is "chach-like" it is referred to as "chachice"
(pronounced "chach-ish").  Also, While Oscar is right about the *spirit* of
"chach," the actual definition is "little Serbian girl."  It's better not to ask
why.  Interesting side note: the term "chach" is currently being used widely by
1) Lubbock/ex-Lubbock geek-boys (and girls), 2) Dallas frat boys, and 3) several
of the chaches that attended Defcon 8 last July.]

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
              "Suck my fat one." - Gordon Lachance, _Stand By Me_
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM Oscar the Pornographer/GwD Publications       :SHIT YOUR PANTS:
copyright (c) MM GwD, Inc.                                     :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD86
