GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __      888888888     22222222
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   888     888   22     222
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  888     888          222
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |     888888888         222
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_   888     888       222
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|  888     888     222
                                  |__|  |__|    888     888   2222
                                                 888888888   22222222222

                         "Going Postal" by Franken Gibe

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #82 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

something amazing and significant's been happening every time i wear my Postal 
Carrier shirt that i got from the Goodwill. it's like, i get instant respect. 
it's crazy how a uniform does that. there's SO many fucken fringe benefits to 
being a civil servant, and i never knew it. or maybe it's just that people 
respect you when you're employed. fer instance, i went by the baskin-robbins,
and got a milkshake, and the lady behind the counter sees me sitting down and
all and goes 'tough day, huh?' and i agree, then she comes around the counter
and fucken insists that i remain seated while she takes my money and makes
change and all, cuz she says 'mailmen are overworked.' i guess it didn't occur
to her that red Chucks and cut-off olive drabs aren't part of the post office
dress code. i dunno.

one little badge stitched on your shirt can change your life.

actually, too, i feel a little guilty fucking around with the codes of social 
discourse and all. i mean, it's like playing games with the glue that holds 
society together, cuz i mean, yeah, it's FUNNY when socialization becomes a game
of dress-up, but then, i have to admit i'm ordinarily relieved that mostly
people aren't playing around, and signifiers really DO signify, and people play
along and do stuff like stop at red lights and refrain from clubbing me over the
head cuz they wanna steal my milkshake. i'm glad bridge inspectors usually
really ARE bridge inspectors, and health inspectors are honestly inspecting
stuff, and guys driving fire trucks have an actual and genuine interest in
fighting fires. so, yeah, it's a thrill, but i'm not sure how i feel about it,
and i URGE all of y'all not to go imitating postal workers.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I burn a fire to stay cool / I burn myself, I am the fuel / I never meant to be
          cruel / Have you ever been cruel?" - Fugazi, "Shut the Door"
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM Franken Gibe/GwD Publications                 :PRIME THE PUMPS:
copyright (c) MM GwD, Inc.                                     :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD82
