GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __      999999999   77777777777
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   9999   9999          777
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  999     999         777
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    9999   9999        777
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_    9999999999       777
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|         999       777
                                  |__|  |__|          999       777
                                                     999       777

                "Dreams" by Grandmaster Ratte' and Franken Gibe

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #97 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

Grandmaster Ratte':

MAN!  I just had this cruddy dream.  Like I had a message from my dead grandma
on my answering machine, and I had psychokinetic powers (where you can move
stuff around by thinking about it).  'cept i didn't want 'em, 'cause that stuff
freaks me out.  And my cat was possessed by evil and somehow this rolled-up
newspaper was hopping around like a dog, and the cat chased it around into my
sport utility vehicle which was really significant for some reason.

Some other stuff i can't remember well happened, but it was all about dead,
possessed things.

Damnit.  I just had this dream where a few days ago where I was on here reading
some interesting post [Fine, so this is a BBS post that we stole from somewhere.
Fuck off. -Ed.] by a new user about stereo speakers and some club or something,
and got thrown off by call-waiting.  So i woke up to come look for the post and
it ain't here.  Whassa deal?

Or sometimes I can sit there in bed and after waking up and imagine myself
reading a book or posts or something, and be making the stuff all up.  Somebody
posted this, somebody posted that.  I don't try to, I just start thinking of
'em.  I wouldn't need to call boards, I could just pretend.

"Whopper wit' cheese, please.  And water.  Thanks."

$1.50.  Some Burger Kings, you go in and ask for water, and they'll give you a
dinky little plastic cup for free.  Others, they'll give you a huge big fat cup
but charge you 10 cents.  What're ya gonna do, eh?  You get yer water anyways,
anyhow, 'cause you gotta survive, man.  You gotta HYDRATE to keep them cells
functional, as any freakin' med. school dropout will tell you.  Don't believe
me?  Fine, go find a med school dropout and ask 'em.  They know.

They all know.  As do I.  And I pass this knowledge on to you, free of charge,
no strings attached, 'cause that's the kinda guy I am.

"I demand to see The King, please.  The Burger King!  King of Burgers!  No, I 
don't wanna see the manager.  Thanks, I'll wait."

Nothin' nothin' butt-fluffin' nuttin'...what a hoo-rah.  NOTHING NOTHING
NOTHING.  Stuff's full of nothing.  the talking I do, I talk to myself, I like
to talk, but people don't talk back.  NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING.  I wanna see
you sweat, goddamnit, out yer eyes too.

la la hoo-rah.

dreams are are all crazy stuff to make you raszy and sick and stuff.

like they don't make sense, or if they do, it's at such an incredibly deep level
that you'll never figure it out, ever.

like if you dream you're a giant meat patty that directs traffic for an entire
city.  what the hell is that?  it's crazy stuff, that's what.

or people trying to hunt me down, give me chemotherapy treatment, i say, "but 
i don't have cancer!" and they say "shut up." 

that one sucked.  or last night's, having to hang around with people that were 
wanting to kill me or like hit me with this car, they'd scheme these goofy ways
trying to get me to stand in front of the car and then try and start it real 
fast.  stoopid.

la.  sammy davis jr. said it best when he sang, "you can even eat the dishes."

a non-sequitur something ya ya.

i'm shaking and stuff...don't like this eh.

     - -- --- -- - -- --- -- - -- --- -- - -- --- -- - -- --- -- - -- --- -

Franken Gibe:

Woo.  When I used to work at a hotel as a desk clerk guy, sometimes I'd pretend
I had a withered hand when I'd check people in, so when I'd write stuff down,
it'd be real painful to watch, and slow and sloppy and all.

Man, what is it about dreams... Gah. I mean, I realized I was dreamin' during
this dream I was having right before I woke up this morning, and it fucken
freaked me out, cuz I knew I was in a dream, and so I started looking at my
surroundings, and I was fucken AMAZED by all the details. Like I was in this
giant underground complex, filled with stuff, and I found some old photo
albums, and started looking at the pictures, and it was full of faces I'd
NEVER seen before, and I started thinking, "Jesus, where does this stuff COME
FROM...I mean, how is it my brain can generate all these exquisite and complex
details?"  I was amazed, but then i started getting scared, cuz I wondered how I
would wake myself up, and I wondered if I was gonna get stuck in the dream, and
that's when i woke up, all jittery and confused.

Dreams are insane.  I have no idea what they are.

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  "All that we see or seem / Is but a dream within a dream." - Edgar Allan Poe
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM Grandmaster Ratte' & Franken Gibe             :LICK MY ASSHOLE:
copyright (c) MM GwD Publications/GwD, Inc.                    :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD97
