GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                      __    __      999999999     11
             _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   9999   9999   111
            //             |    \  |_    __    _|  999     999  1111
           ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    9999   9999   111
           ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_    9999999999   111
            \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|         999    111
                                     |__|  |__|          999     111
                                                        999     11111

                         "Fuckin' HOEs" by Lobo Licious

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #91 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

[The Hogz of Entropy (HOE - www.hoe.nu), a "contemporary" of GwD, called it
quits for the second (and supposedly final) time on 12-25-00 with its release of
HOE #1110.

Here is the GwD tribute/response to HOE's ceasing to exist as a publication.]

I've never been part of HOE, and I probably never will be, since I'm submitting
this after the deadline.

[Mogel imposed a 12-01-00 deadline for publication in the "final" issue of HOE;
this piece was submitted on 12-03-00 and shows up in the final version (HOE
#1110) as having been submitted in July...]

Of course, my name has popped up a few times in the past:  someone claiming to
be me did a shitty interview in #80.  And I did write something awful that
somehow managed to be included in DTO #3; that's the closest I ever got to being
in HOE.

Of course, I am the editor of one of HOE's "contemporary" (we're actually a year
older than HOE; suck on that, ya sonofabitch!) e-zines, GwD, so I have an
interesting perspective on all of you HOEs out there.  For instance, there's the
idea that HOE has stolen its look and feel (at least its feel) from  GwD.  Sure,
you guys are at issue #1000-something and we haven't even passed the century
mark yet, but that's not the point.  That proves that we REALLY DO put out the
lamest, crappiest publication ever, and you guys are just pretenders to the
throne.

That's okay, though; you've still earned my respect, even though you did re-
publish cDc #001 (Gerbil Feed Bomb) without permission.

My experience with a hoe:  I used to work at a movie theater, and we were
required to hoe the weeds behind the building while wearing a shirt, tie, and
dress shoes.  I had hoed everyday for a week, and the manager told me to hoe
them again.  I told him I'd shove that hoe up his ass.  Now, he could have fired
me on the spot, but he laughed and made the stoner chick who was working with me
hoe the weeds instead.  This, of course, shows that I rock balls.

There's something I'd like to point out:  in HOE #1 ("The Entropic Theme Song"
or something like that), it claims that "entropy" rhymes with "anarchy."  This
is most certainly not true.  Look up rhymes in the dictionary, numbnuts.  As
such, you must be destroyed.

Now that HOE is calling it quits, GwD holds the undisputed title of crappiest
publication in the e-zine world.  Thanks.  You guys have given me the desire to
actually get off my ass and mess with GwD-stuff.  Since you're quitting, there's
no other publication/group still around from the mid-1990s.  Damn you, you've
made me want to work on text again.  Fucking assholes.

Reap the whirlwind, chaches.  You've brought down the thunder, well now you've
got it.

[Originally published as part of the mammoth that is Hogz of Entropy #1110.]

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  "Eat the pig, eat the pig, ziggy ziggy ziggy zig." - Some chach in _Bill and
                          Ted's Excellent Adventure_
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM Lobo Licious/GwD Publications                 :SHIT YOUR PANTS:
copyright (c) MM GwD, Inc./HOE Media                           :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD91
