GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD
   T h e  G R E E N Y  w o r l d  D o m i n a t i o n  T a s k  F o r c e ,
                            I n c o r p o r a t e d
                                   Presents:
                                   __    __      999999999    333333333
          _____          ____    _|  |__|  |_   9999   9999  33      333
         //             |    \  |_    __    _|  999     999         333
        ||  ____        | || |    |  |  |  |    9999   9999       333
        ||    || \    / | || |   _|  |__|  |_    9999999999         333
         \\___//  \/\/  |____/  |_    __    _|         999           333
                                  |__|  |__|          999    33      333
                                                     999      333333333

                       "OPEN THEM EYES!" by Kp Neato Dee

  ----- GwD:  The American Dream with a Twist -- of Lime ***** Issue #93 -----
            ----- release date:  01-03-01 ***** ISSN 1523-1585 -----

i dunno what any of this soap opera stuff's about, but it sure sounds uh...like,
interesting yet repulsive and ultimately disgusting.

what is it about this modem/computer stuff that attracts fucked-up, lecherous
asshole guys.  and butt-blind naive females that can't figure this stuff out.

>>THWACK!!<<  BRICK TO THE HEAD!  OPEN THEM EYES!

people are couch/computer potatoes 'cause they're too lame to do anything for 
"real".  bored and lonely, fuckin' ugly, it's the ready-made clique for
shitheads and obnoxious geeks and loser freaks.  no chin, woulda done yerself
in if you could just find the energy.  but it's so much easier to sit hunched
over in that chair.  years and years and face and belly get rounder, hair
greasier as showers grow less and less frequent.  "it'd be so rad to find a
chick who knows UNIX to fuck, huh?"  the geek wet dream.  female handle - hey
baby i'm a little heavy but it's a lot of muscle hey let's meet on the MUSH you
like every geek cliche i do hey yeah let's fuck and eat twinkies and watch anime
and roleplay and fuck and toke and we can talk about star trek yeah be my pudgy
pale geek bitch.  yeah baby i know nobody understood me either in school, people
are so fake, huh?  yeah but i understand you yeah yeah eat a twinkie don't
forget your towel huh huh i'm witty yeah.  you like the Tootrats?  woah, me too,
they're my favorite band.  no, wait, i used to like 'em 'till they sold out.  but
i like their old stuff, i agree with everything you say.  be my pudgy pale geek
bitch."

FUCK YOU.  GODDAMNIT.  I CANNOT BEGIN TO EXPLAIN HOW MUCH I HATE...I *KNOW* YOU.
I KNOW EVERYTHING ABOUT YOU AND YOUR KIND IN EVERY INTIMATE EXCRUCIATINGLY
STINKING AMOUNT OF DETAIL THERE IS AND I LOATHE EVERY BIT OF IT.  I HOPE THERE'S
A HELL SO I CAN SPEND THE REST OF MY USELESS DAYS DAYDREAMING OF YOU SUFFERING
IN IT.  IN MY WILDEST FANTASIES, I WOULD BE SURROUNDED BY NOTHING BUT THE MOST
WELL-BALANCED, EMOTIONALLY STABLE PEOPLE POSSIBLE AND EVERYONE ELSE WOULD BE
INSTANTLY DECAPITATED, TO MY GREAT GLEE.

THE IRONY IS AMAZING.

KevPeesNextDoor

-----------------------------<GwD Command Centers>------------------------------
                     GwDweb:  http://www.GREENY.org/
           GwD Publications:  http://gwd.mit.edu/
                              ftp://ftp.GREENY.org/gwd/
                  GwD BBSes:  C.H.A.O.S. - http://chaos.GREENY.org/
                              Snake's Den - http://www.snakeden.org/
                     E-Mail:  gwd@GREENY.org
             * GwD, Inc. - P.O. Box 16038 - Lubbock, Texas 79490 *
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"*The blind receive their sight* and the lame walk, lepers are cleansed and the
 deaf hear, and the dead are raised up, and the poor have good news preached to
              them.  And blessed is he who takes no offense at me."
                        - Jesus Christ, _Matthew_ 11:5-6
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                -+- F Y M -+-

                         GR33NY LIK3S mash3d p0tat03s

MORE THAN FIVE YEARS of ABSOLUTE CRAP!                         /---------------\
copyright (c) MM [AUTHOR]/GwD Publications                     :SHIT YOUR PANTS:
copyright (c) MM GwD, Inc.                                     :      GwD      :
All rights reserved                                            \---------------/
GwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwDGwD93
