-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::88888 8888888 888 888 ::888888 ::88888 :888 888 ::888888 ::88888 ::88888 ::::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 :   888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 88888888888 ::888888 :8888888 8888888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888888 888 888 888 888 ::888888  888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888  ::888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888 :::888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888 :::888 888 888 888 :::
::88888 8888888 888 888 ::888888  888 888 888 888 ::8888 ::::88888 ::88888 ::::
:::.....:.......:...:...:::......::...:...:...:...:::....:::::....::::....:::::
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
JOLTASAURUS                          FEB 95                             FILE 20
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

BRITISH TELECOM DIGITAL SERVICES____________________________________________

The services  offered  by  British  Telecom  are  known  as  X-Stream Digital
Services.  A brief description of these services follows.

 
KILOSTREAM
----------
	      
This digital service provides full-duplex synchronous point-to-point links at
2400 bits/w, 4800 bit/s,  9600  bit/s,  48  kbit/s  and  64  kbit/s.   It  is
available  between  approximately 200 telephone exchange areas throughout the
UK.  The customer interface to  Kilostream  is via a Network Termination Unit
(NTU) installed on the customer's premises.  An NTU  physically  resembles  a
modem  and  is  connected  to  a  local Kilostream exchange by a 4-wire local
circuit.  An NTU transmits and  receives  digital signals over a 4-wire local
circuit  at  12.8  kbit/s  or  64  kbit/s  using  Walsh  2   (WAL2)   diphase
transmission.   The customer's computer/terminal interface to an NTU is CCITT
X.21 or X.21bis.

The Kilostream X.21 interface operates at 2400 bit/s, 4800 bit/s, 9600 bit/s,
48 kbit/s or 64 kbit/s.

The Kilostream X.21bis interface  provides V.24/V.28 (RS-232-C) compatibility
at 2400 bit/s, 4800 bit/s or 9600 bit/s and V.35 compatibility at 48 kbit/s.

The Kilostream network comprises 2 Mbit/s links  connecting  multiplexers  at
nominated serving exchanges via cross-connect sites.

The  equipment  at  a cross-connect site takes in a number of 2 Mbit/s signal
streams and demultiplexes them into  individual 64 kbit/s timeslots which are
then routed to the required 64 kbit/s timeslots in the appropriate outgoing 2
Mbit/s signal streams.  The equipment is microprocessor  controlled  and  the
routing  can  be  controlled  from  a  VDU  either locally or remotely from a
network control centre.   The  network  is  monitored  by two Network Control
Centres located at Manchester and London.  At transmission rates  up  to  and
including  48  kbit/s  an  NTU adds two extra bits (alighnment bit and status
bit) to each 6 bits  transmitted  by  a  user.   These  two bits are used for
control  and  in-service  monitoring  purposes  by   network   control.    At
transmission  rates  of  64  kbit/s  these two bits are required for data and
therefore monitoring of a circuit right up to the NTU (in-service monitoring)
is not possible.


MEGASTREAM
----------

This digital leased  line  service  provides  point-to-point synchronous 2048
kbit/s (2 Mbits/s) links which can be directly connected to a modern PBX  for
voice  transmission  or  can  be  used for very high speed data transmission.
Megastream also provides even higher  speed point-to-point links of 8 Mbit/s,
34 Mbit/s or 144 Mbit/s.

A variety of time division multiplexers  (TDMs)  are  available  for  use  on
Megastream  links.  A TDM connected at each end of a 2 Mbit/s Megastream link
can provide a number of different multiplexer channel options:
	
    30 analogue 2/4-wire  channels,  each  channel  can  be used for analogue
    speech or for data transmission using modems at data  rates  up  to  9600
    bit/s;  A total of 30 analogue 2/4-wire channels and/or digital 64 kbit/s
    channels (X.21);

    Up  to  64  synchronous  or  54  asynchronous/synchronous  data  channels
    (V.24/V.28, V.10, V.11, V.35)  and  optionally  a  number of 32/64 kbit/s
    digital speech channels.


INTERNATIONAL KILOSTREAM-MEGASTREAM
-----------------------------------

Before this service was introduced, British Telecom International (BTI)  used
analogue circuits to connect users to its satellite earth stations.  BTI then
linked  the  inland Kilostream and Megastream networks to its satellite earth
stations enabling users to have digital access to international services.

For a typical  International  Kilostream  circuit  a Network Terminating Unit
(NTU) is located in the customer's UK premises connected by  a  4-wire  local
line  to  a  nearby  Kilostream  exchange.   From the exchange the circuit is
connected via BT's trunk network to  the international gateway in London.  At
the gateway the circuit is carrier by  satellite  link,  cable  or  microwave
system to its international destination.

International  Kilostream  provides synchronous full-duplex data transmission
at 1200 bit/s, 2400 bit/s, 4800 bit/s  9600  bit/s or 56 kbit/s using an X.21
bis interface (V.24 or V.35).

International Megastream provides synchronous full-duplex  data  transmission
at  2.048  Mbit/s  to CCITT standard G.732.  Additional equipment can convert
this to 1.544 Mbit/s G.733 operation  for  North America.  This rate is often
referred to as 2/1.5 Mbit/s.

For a typical International Megastream circuit,  Line  Terminating  Equipment
(LTE)  is located in the the customer's premises connected by a special cable
to the nearest digital exchange.   From  there  the  circuit is routed to the
international gateway  and  onward  to  the  distant  network  using  similar
transmission methods to International Kilostream.

BTI  provides  a  "time assigned service" at 56 kbit/s (Kilostream) and 2/1.5
Mbit/s (Megastream) which  offers  a  pre-bookable  link  between  the UK and
distant end international gateways.  For this service  a  full  time  digital
link  to the UK international gateway is required which incurs connection and
annual rental charges.


SATSTREAM
---------

This is a British Telecom International Service which uses small-dish (3.7 to
5.5 m diameter)  satellite  earth  stations  ("terminals") to provide digital
links between the UK, Europe and North America.  The service provides one-way
or both-way point-to-point (or  point  to  multipoint)  digital  links  which
operate  at  64  kbit/s or selected multiples of 64 kbit/s up to 1920 kbit/s.
Multiplexer options are available for lower bit rates, and the service can be
provided on a full time, regular part time or ad hoc basis.

British Telecom "terminals" are sited in  a  number of fixed locations in the
UK and Satstream is provided as a dedicated  link  from  a  "terminal"  to  a
customer's  site.   Alternatively, where there is a need, British Telecom can
install  on  the  customer's  site  a  fixed  "terminal"  or  a transporatble
"terminal" mounted on a trailer.


VIDEOSTREAM
-----------

This is a video-conferenceing service which offers full-motion monochrome  or
colour  video-conferencing  between  a  customer's  premises.   Equipment  is
supplied  for  installation in conference rooms and offices.  One of the main
items of equipment is  a  CODEC  (coder-decoder)  which  converts a black and
white or colour video signal into a 2 Mbits/s digital signal for transmission
over Megastream or an equivalent bandwidth  link.   Other  items  include  TV
cameras, television type monitors, loudspeakers etc.

    There are two other associated British Telecom services.

    Confravision  is  similar to Videostream except that equipment is located
    in a number  of  British  Telecom  studios.   The  studios  are booked by
    telephone and charged for by the half hour.

    The    International    Video-conferencing     service     provides     a
    video-conferencing  link  between  a British Telecom studeo in London and
    studio locations in North America,  Canada  or Europe.  A gateway will be
    provided  to  allow  Videostream  customers   to   access   International
    Video-conferencing locations.


SWITCHSTREAM
------------

Packet  Switchstream  (PSS)  is  British  Telecom's X.25 packet switched data
service.  The international extension of  PSS is called International PSS and
provides an X.25 gateway to X.25 services in other countries.

Interstream is an associated PSS service which  provides  a  gateway  between
PSS, the UK PSTM and UK Telex/Teletex Services.



USA DIGITAL SERVICES_________________________________________________________

The digital services provided by AT&T are known as Dataphone Digital Services
(DSS) and provide data  transmission  rates  of  2400 bit/s, 4800 bit/s, 9600
bit/s, and 56 kbit/s.  One of the drawbacks of this service is the lack of  a
basic  end  to  end  diagnostic  capability.  This is to be improved with the
introduction of a new  service  known  as  DDS-2.   This service will provide
secondary channels which will allow  users  to  run  their  own  end  to  end
diagnostics.  The proposed DD-2 secondary channels rates are as follows:

 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
       Data Channel          Secondary Channel          Total Aggregate
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------
		2400 bit/s                                133 bit/s                            3200 bit/s
		4800 bit/s                                266 bit/s                            6400 bit/s
		9600 bit/s                                533 bit/s                           12800 bit/s
		  56 kbit/s                              2666 bit/s                              72 kbit/s
 ---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Every 8-bits (octet) transmitted or received over a DDS circuit consists of 6
bits of user data and 2 bits for AT&T framing/control functions.

With  DDS-2,  at  data  transmission  rates  of 2400, 4800 and 9600 bit/s the
secondary channel will be derived by using  one of the two AT&T bits in every
third octet.

At 56 kbit/s, 9 bits will be used instead of  8  bits,  and  the  2666  bit/s
secondary channel will be derived by using the ninth bit in every third 9-bit
byte.


INTEGRATED DIGITAL NETWORK (IDN)
--------------------------------

In countries throughout the world, digital transmission and digital switching
equipments   are  gradually  replacing  analogue  transmission  and  analogue
switching  equipments.   The  impact  has  been  strongly  felt  in  domestic
telephone networks and in  the  UK  System  X digital exchanges are replacing
Strowger exchanges.

From the growth of digital  transmission  and switching, CCITT standards have
evolved for an Integrated Digital Network (IDN) in which the switching  units
are  linked  by  digital  transmission  paths  providing a 64 kbit/s switched
digital network between local  exchanges.   For  a telephony IDN, a telephone
user connects to the network by a conventional 2-wire analogue line.  However
if the telephony IDN is  extended  to  the  customer's  premises  by  digital
transmission  links  with  enhanced  customer  to network signalling, then an
all-purpose network can be created.   This  conceptual network is known as an
Integrated Services Digital Netowrk (ISDN).


THE INTEGRATED SERVICES DIGITAL NETWORK (ISDN)
----------------------------------------------

This is a new network concept which has evolved from the  present  Integrated
Digital  Network (IDN).  It is being developed nationally and internationally
and ISDN recommendations (I-series) are being produced by CCITT Study Groups.
 The majority of the ISDN (I-series) CCITT recommendations are still in draft
form.  They are liable  to  change  and  this  should  be  borne in mind when
reading this ISDN description.

The concept of an ISDN is  to  provide  a  network  where  the  same  digital
switches  and  paths  are  used  to establish connections for a wide range of
services both analogue (voice)  and  digital  (data).   For users who require
access to a wide range of services the ISDN will be a  natural  successor  in
the UK to the PSTN.

Interworking  between  ISDN  and  the  following  Networks/Services  is being
considered.   This  is  a  general   world-wide  list  and  ignores  national
variations.

	Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN)
	Circuit-Switched Public Data Network (CSPDN)
	Packet Switched Public Data Network (PSPDN)
	Domestic Satellite System
	Leased Digital Lines
	Leased Analogue Lines
	Switched private networks for PBX
	Telex Network
	Teletex Network
	Videotext Communication
	Facsimile Communication
	
ISDN Interface Structures
-------------------------

Two  different  interface  structures  are  being  defined   for   the   ISDN
user-network interface.

The  first  is  the "basic interface" structure which operatres at 144 kbit/s
and supports two "B" channels each operating at 64 kbit/s and one "D" channel
operating at 16 kbit/s.  The "B"  channels are used for data transmission and
the "D" channel is used for signalling and low-rate data.

The second is the "primary rate" interface which operates at 2048  kbit/s  or
1544  kbit/s.  At 2048 kbit/s it supports 30 "B" channels and one "D" channel
and at 1544 kbit/s  is  supports  23  "B"  channels  and one "D" channel; all
channels operate at 64 kbit/s.  The primary rate interface  is  intended  for
PBX connection.


INTEGRATED DIGITAL ACCESS (IDA)
-------------------------------

British Telecom is offering a Public Network using System X digital switching
and transmission which is the basis of an Integrated Services Digital Network
carrying speech and data in digital form.

To  access  the  ISDN,  BT  provides an IDA services from customers' premises
which combines speech and data transmission over a single digital link.  This
link is being provided in two forms as a Single Line IDA or a Multi-line IDA.

Single Line IDA

A single line IDA provides  a  customer  with two digital channels, each with
its own network address and therefore capable of independent  operation.   In
the  initial  IDA  pilot  phase,  a  single  line  IDA  is  terminated in the
customer's permises on one of  two Network Terminating Equipments called NTE1
and NTE3.

An NTE communicates at 80 kbit/s using full-duplex operation over an ordinary
2-wire line to a System X ISDN Exchange.  The  80  kbit/s  serial  stream  is
demultiplexed  inside  the  NTE  into  a  64 kbit/s data/speech channel, an 8
kbit/s data channel and an 8 kbit/s signalling channel.  THe 8 kbit/s and the
64 kbit/s channels can be independently routed to separate destinations under
the control of the 8 kbit/s  signalling channel.  The signalling channel uses
a protocol based on HDLC.

Multi-Line IDA

This IDA connection is designed to connect an ISDN System X exchange to a new
generation digital PBX.  It uses a 2 Mbit/s digital link which carries up  to
thirty   information   channels   and  a  common  signalling  channel.   Each
information channel operates at 64 kbit/s and can be used for voice or data.

This type of connection is  very  similar  to that provided by the Megastream
Service which provides a private 2 Mbit/s connection between two  PBX/s.   In
the  case of Megastream, a common channel signalling system has been approved
by British Telecom and  the  PBX  Industry  which  is known as DPNSS (Digital
Private Network Signalling System).  DPNSS is different from the  IDA  common
channel  signalling  system.   However  the  Multi-line  IDA  common  channel
signalling channel can support both DPNSS and DASS signalling.

A  sophisticated  and advanced PBX uses all of the Multi-line IDA features to
provide integrated voice and  data  services  to its connected extensions.  A
PBX that provides these functions is referred to as  an  Integrated  Services
PBX  (ISPBX).   A  less  sophisticated  PBX  only provides enhanced telephone
facilities to its  connected  extensions;  such  a  PBX  is  referred to as a
Digitally Connected  PBX  (DCPBX).   It  is  envisaged  the  many  PBX  using
Multi-line IDA will start life as a DCPBX and with software enhancements will
eventually become an ISPBX.

Multi-line  IDA  is not limited to PBX connection only but can be used by any
customer installation which requires a large number of circuits, eg a LAN.


SOURCE_______________________________________________________________________

Practical   Data   Communications,   Fred   Jennings,   Blackwell  Scientific
Publications, UK, 1986


##############################################################################
#contact: jolt@cyberspace.org :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::#
##############################################################################