-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ighbahpooighbahpooighbahpoo ∞±≤ ∞±≤ Wot  the  fuk ? ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi
ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi                         hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig
hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig ∞±≤ ∞±≤€€€≤±∞ ∞≤≤€€€≤±∞ bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh
bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh ±≤€ ±≤€   €≤± ±≤€   €≤± ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb
ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb ≤€€ ≤€€   €€≤ ≤€€   €€≤ hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba
hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba €€€ €€€€€€€€€ €€€€€€€€€ pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah  ﬂ€ €ﬂ     ﬂ€ €€€[CX93] ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp
ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp   ﬁ ›       ﬁ €€€       oighbahpooighbahpooighbahpo
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah               €ﬂ        ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahi
----------------------------------------- ›------------------------------------
CYCO                                                                     FILE 4
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
           The Natural Mind.....small things partly from the book.

In society there are two types of brain in peoples heads. In other words there
are two types of THINKING.....Straight thinking and Stoned thinking.  Now
naturally most of the straight thinkers are suits and the stoned thinkers are
drug takers/users/abusers.....BUT there are some stoned thinkers minds that have
experienced highs and levels of consciousness that drug users rarely see.  This
is because they don't use drugs at all...they use yoga and meditation to develop
the mind and trigger natural highs within the nervous system, but most straight
thinkers wouldn't even think about there brain beyond INTELLECTUAL
pursuits...and stoned thinkers would rather just take a hit...drugs are the
quickest way to experience altered conciousness or have a different perception
of reality. But in society mainly REALITY is not the same for the suits and the
stoned thinkers...straight thinkers don't consider the mind or the self in their
reality, and most stoned thinkers are against "the system" and the whole "power"
thing.

The governments anti drug campaign is also a very straight thing as it is more
against drug users and their subculture...or not fitting in, than it is against
the fact that all users are after the same thing....altered consciousness, which
can be achieved without drugs. They also seem convinced that consciousness
altering or opening the doors of perception is a bad thing, some even call it
mental illness.

Eastern religions and practices state that the use of drugs for consciousness
altering just makes it seem more and more that higher states are IN the drugs
and must be taken whenever you wish to be on that higher level but really the
drugs only trigger the high..and the more habit forming it becomes the
straighter your thinking.........but if you start to practice yoga for instance
you could notice a spontaneous high, at work maybe...and then if you broadened
your thinking too even consider that the altered state came from within you and
not some substance from the material reality that most of us know...then maybe
you too could have an enlightening experience.

typed by Cyco '93.

+-------------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------+
|(c)1993 iGH BAH POO| iNTOXiCATiON AE +61-3-ALL-TEXT| NARC AE +61-047-57-3920 |
+-------------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------+