-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ighbahpooighbahpooighbahpoo ∞±≤ ∞±≤ Wot  the  fuk ? ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi
ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi                         hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig
hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig ∞±≤ ∞±≤€€€≤±∞ ∞≤≤€€€≤±∞ bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh
bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh ±≤€ ±≤€   €≤± ±≤€   €≤± ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb
ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb ≤€€ ≤€€   €€≤ ≤€€   €€≤ hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba
hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba €€€ €€€€€€€€€ €€€€€€€€€ pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah  ﬂ€ €ﬂ     ﬂ€ €€€[CX93] ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp
ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp   ﬁ ›       ﬁ €€€       oighbahpooighbahpooighbahpo
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah               €ﬂ        ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahi
----------------------------------------- ›------------------------------------
Zen Amako                         November '93                          File 11
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                         -=+:Zen's Guide To Anime:+=-

       Here's my summary/synopsis/review of all the anime films, movies and
series that i've seen so far.  I've probably forgotten most of the characters
name's but will do my best to remember what I can.

Macross (Robotech) : Everyone's seen this so there's nothing much to be said,
except that the original series "Macross" was better than the following stuff,
which became increasingly "American Quality" (Read "Crap").  Southern Cross, The
Robotech Masters, and finally The New Generation (mospeda) were the following
series which were made by the Japanese, although Robotech II which was made by
Carl Macek (Read "bad name in anime") was the worst form of anime on the face of
the Earth.  This probably doesn't make sense, but overall Robotech is a
legendary series which was one of the first to provide excellent Mecha,
transforming Mecha, and excellent Music/Singing.

Macross II: The Series which just came out this year just goes to show how much
the Japanese form of animation shits over the Americans (ehhe no offence ppl :).
The new storyline has a young SNN journalist/reporter who discovers Ishtar, one
of the new forms of weapons that the Zentraedi have used.  She sings battle
songs to the soldiers, just as Minmei used to sing love songs to overcome the
last fight with the Zentraedi.  This time the Zentraedi want the "Boat Of Alus"
from Earth...which is really the SDF-3.  Unbeknown to Earth, it contains some
source of power which is still active.  It has an ace female veritech pilot as
the co-hero, and a few more characters.  But altogether a very small cast of
main characters, and a seemingly short series.  The art is pretty wicked, and
contains some pretty cool Mecha.  This is one to take a peek at, not that great,
but a must for Macross Fans.

Patlabor - The Movie:  Fantastic! A computer virus hidden in an new operating
system for the labors runs rampant, and it's a fight to the end to stop the
virus from spreading citywide.  The plot is *very* interesting, and completely
fits in with the Labors, and even contains some pretty cool computer graphics.
Some of the best Mecha action in this movie, I highly recommend a look at this,
it's got all the trademarks of a legendary film.

Legend Of The Overfiend:  Rated XXX :) Well, this ones got it all, sex, sex,
more sex, and violence, exploding heads (like in Fist of the North Star) and
lots of Japanese mythology.  Complex story which can be compared with Akira.
Where the lives of a small group of friends are changed and eventually make a
big impact on the rest of the world.
A Prophecy has been told that there will come forth one who can bring peace to
the 3 worlds (can't remember the names though) and he will be called the Trojin.
  The story goes on, and there are heaps of demons, magic, rape and sex flying
left right and centre.  The English dub is pretty cool too, very much suited to
the American audience.  A MUST see.  Very violent and sex ridden! I'd give it a
9 outta 10!

Grave Of The Firefly:  Talk about jumping to extremes, this film is so sad that
it WILL make you cry.  It tells the tale of a small boy and his younger sister
who have to survive on their own after the American's firebomb their village
during the 2nd World War.  They are looked after by their Aunty at first but
then are thrown out, and have to fend for themselves.  The girl (adorably cute)
has no idea of how sad their situation is (would you if you were 5yrs?) so her
older brother (about 10) looks after her, they face many downfalls, and
eventually.... geez, i can't tell you, watch and feel sad yourself if you want
to see the rest. This is one to see, I give it a 10.  Really makes you think
about how much war sucks, and how it's the innocent who suffer the most.  Watch
this one.

Project A-Ko 2:  I kind of couldn't follow the plot very closely with this one
(probably cause i can't fully understand Cantonese), but it's so funny, your
classic Anime slapstick humour with teenage girls taking the leads.  Basically
it's A-Ko, B-Ko and C-Ko against whatever comes in their way.  Very cute, very
funny! Watch it if you can get it in english.

Wanna-Be's:  Another one where the girls take the lead, two girls are used as
experiments in the women's wrestling arena, and soon discover why they've become
so strong.  Good storyline, no mecha :)

Dog Soldier: Hmmmm, Rambo typefied in this story.  A rambo kinda guy gets
involved with some bad dudes, and you can guess who wins in the end.  It's ok,
although it lacks in the comedy side (i don't think it was supposed to be comedy
though...)

Laputa: Castle In The Sky: Hayao Miyazaki directed this, so obviously you HAVE
to see it!  A young girl (Laputa) discovers her heritage with some amazing
adventures with Paso, a young village boy.  A warm story which can be enjoyed by
all ages... ie no sex, no blood, but a happy ending!  I highly recommend this!

Madox:  A boy stumbles across the new military weapon "Madox", a highly armoured
exo-skeleton.  Some wicked mecha styled weaponry in this, and a pretty cool
story for a single half hour show.  Also has some live action clips at the end
of the show of the japanese showing off their Military weapons..

Urusei Yatsura Movies 1-2:  VERY VERY VERY funny. Lots of teenage romance and
slapstick humour.  Ataru is the kinda guy whom all the girls like (even though
he's a womanising cretin).  He is engaged to Lum, a alien (with a good body).
And seeing as he likes to perve on all the other girls, Lum gets very jealous.
So you can see where the slapstick comes in.  The first 2 movies were great, and
there are 2 more you can see.  This is something everyone should watch..along
with Ranma 1/2.  It shows the lighter side of teenage romance.

Lupin: The Castle Of Cagliostro:  The James Bond Of Anime, Lupin Wolf,
International Thief!  This film kept me laughing every second of it, filled with
unbelievable situations, slapstick, a great storyline and real characters.  You
can tell that Miyazaki did this one too :)  Watch this! or die!

3x3 Eyes:  I only saw the first of the series, but can tell you that it's very
interesting, as it involves a lot of mythology.  Pai is the last of the
Sanjianincara (dunno if that's how you spell it), the triclops from Tibet.  She
wants to become human, so she joins up with Yakumo whose father has promised to
help her, but upon dieing has told his son to aid her.  They soon form a group
with the help of Lee Ling Ling who does some wicked kung-fu moves.  A great one
to see, lots of mythology, martial arts and supernatural.

Akira:  What can I say? Everyone's seen it! A classic movie, with the best
artwork ever seen on my tv, I only saw the video version, but hope to get the
laserdisc one soon and check it out on surround sound.  The only problem with
Akira is the plot, I just couldn't get it till after I watched it a few times.
I guess Otomo also kinda confused the plot, after all, the comic has been going
for over ten years.. (is that correct?) Well, if you haven't seen this, go out
and get it, at your video shop now!

Gundam F91:  The first Gundam I saw, so I couldn't work out much of it.  But
none the less, a pretty good movie.  The Grandaddy of all mecha movies!

Gundam 0083 Series:  Now this I like, I fully understood this, and loved it too,
  the rookie pilot Kou gets to use the new Gundam Type 2, after the type 1 was
stolen by this other wicked dude (forgotten his name :().  Anyway, lots of
lovely mecha, good story line, good art, love the soundtrack!

Dragon Ball Z: I saw a few of the series, all on laserdisc, and can tell you
it's unreal!  LOTS of martial arts that makes Street Fighter II look crap (BTW
Street Fighter 2 Anime Series should be out now, don't know why it isn't, but I
bought the CD Voicetrack to it last year and it still isn't out!).  Some of the
best new style anime art around, with a rock style soundtrack.  A Must See! I
just hope it comes out on TV (Of course it won't though :(

My Neighbour Totoro:  A family move to the countryside to get closer to the
hospital where the sick mother is being kept, and soon enough the cute little
girls find a new friend (you ALWAYS have to have cute little girls)  The
magical/local legendary creature Totoro appears to them, and they have a lot of
fun.  Especially when he comes to the rescue when the little girl is lost.  A
classic Hayao Miyazaki!  I bought the soundtrack to this, and everytime I listen
to it I get a warm feeling inside :) Ain't that cool :) Watch this, 11 outta
10!!! You can even buy Totoro Furry doll things!

Kiki's Delivery Service: The story of a little witch going out into the world to
learn on her own in a quiet country town.  Very heart warming, another Miyazaki,
great soundtrack and not a bit is boring.

Astroboy:  I suppose I should add the grandaddy of ALL anime..  Absolutely a 
classic, this is what started the ball rolling, and still continues to be 
popular.

There it is...well, so far... Remember! Keep Watchin' Anime!

+##+ --------------------------------------------------------------------- +##+
#### Send Stuff To: Zen Amako           If You Wish To Submit Articles...  ####
#\/#                P.O.Box 50          Email Me If You Can Find Me, If    #\/#
#/\#                Bulleen, 3105       You Can't, Then Call The Support   #/\#
####                Vic. Australia.     Boards, Numbers Coming Next Issue  ####
+##+ --------------------------------------------------------------------- +##+