-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::88888 8888888 888 888 ::888888 ::88888 :888 888 ::888888 ::88888 ::88888 ::::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 :   888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 88888888888 ::888888 :8888888 8888888 ::888 888 888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888888 888 888 888 888 ::888888  888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888  ::888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888 :::888 888 888 888 :::
:::8888 888 888 888 888 ::88 8888 888 888 888 888 ::8888 :::888 888 888 888 :::
::88888 8888888 888 888 ::888888  888 888 888 888 ::8888 ::::88888 ::88888 ::::
:::.....:.......:...:...:::......::...:...:...:...:::....:::::....::::....:::::
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CERBERUS II                         FEB 95                              FILE 17
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        Some Assorted Things To Try Out                   
                            ::: RULES AND STUFF :::                       

 All of this stuff is taken from the book 'The Rule Book' It's a pretty shitty
book, but it's got some good stuff. Anyway, feel free to do any of these
things, but if you do, e-mail me somewhere and tell me how they went . . .

 -=- THE ELEVEN RULES FOR YIELDING TO THE DEVIL AS DERIVED FROM CONFESSIONS -=-
                         -=- OF WITCHES ON THE RACK -=-

   Firstly, the Novices have to conclude with the Demon, or with some other
Wizard or Magician acting in the Demon's place, and express compact by which,
in the presence of witnesses, they enlist in the Demon's service, he giving
them in exchange his promise that they shall enjoy honors, riches, and carnal
pleaseures.
   Secondly, they abjure the Catholic Faith, withdraw from their obedience to
God, renounce Christ and the protection of the most Blessed Virgin Mary, and
all of the sacraments or the Church.
   Thirdly, they cast away the crown, or Rosary of the most Blessed Virgin
Mary, the girdle of Saint Francis, or the Cincture of Saint Augustine, or the
Scapular of the Carmelites, should they belong to one of those Orders; the
Cross, the Medals, the Angus Dei, whatever other holy or consecrated object may
have been about their person, and trample them underfoot.
   Fourthly, into the hands of the Devil they vow obedience and subjection;
they pay him homage and vassalage, laying their fingers on some foul black
book. They bind themselves never to return to the faith of Christ, to observe
none of the divine precepts, to do no good work, but to obey the Demon alone
and to attend diligently the nightly conventicles.
   Fifthly, they promise to strive with all their power, and to devote their
utmost zeal and care to the enlistment of other males and females in the
service of the Demon.
   Sixthly, the Devil administers to them a certain sacrilegiou baptism, and
after abjuring their Christian Godfathers and Godmothers of the baptism of
Christ and Confirmation, they have assigned to them a new Godfather and a new
Godmother, who are to instruct them in the arts of witchcraft; they drop their
former name and exchange it for another, more frequently a scurrilous and
absurd nickname.
   Seventhly, they cut off a part of their own garments, and tender it as a
token of homage to the devil, who takes it away and retains it.
   Eighthly, the Devil draws on the ground a circle wherein stand the Novices,
Witches, and Wizards, and there they confirm by horrid oaths all of their
aforesaid promises.
   Ninthly, they request the Devil to strike them out of the book of Christ and
to inscribe them in his own book. Then is brought forth that foul black book on
which, as has been explained above, they laid hands when doing homage, and they
are inscribed therein with the Devil's claw.
   Tenthly, they promise the Devil sacrifices and offerings at stated times:
once a fortnight or at least each month, the slaughter of some child, or a
murderous act of sorcery, and week by week other vile misdeeds to the bitter
hurt of mankind, such as hailstorms, tempests, fires, rinderpest, the
destruction of sheep and kine, etc.
   Eleventhly, the Demon imprints on them some mark, especially on those whose
constancy he suspects. That mark, moreover, is not always of the same shape or
figure: sometimes it is the likeness of a hare, sometimes a toad's foot,
sometimes a spider, a puppy, a dormouse. It is imprinted on the most hidden
parts of the body: with men, under the eyelids, or it may be under the armpits,
or on the lips, on the shoulder, the fundament, or somewhere else; with women,
it is usually on the breats or the privy parts. Now, the stamp which imprints
those marks is none other but the Devil's claw.

                  -=- RULES FOR CAPTURING LOVE WITH VOODOO -=-

 1. Simple - A Lover :
        a. Take a picture of someone you would like to have an affair with and
           hang it on the wall.
        b. Turn it upside down each evening at sunset, and right side up each
           morning at sunrise.
        c. Do this for nine consecutive days. This conjuring method is said to
           draw a desired lover to your bed.
        d. Note : It can also be used to force an unfaithful partner to return
           to your side.

 2. Harder - A Married Lover :
        a. Simply write down the name of the man and his wife, or woman and her
           husband, on a small piece of plain white paper.
        b. Slip the paper into a fresh chicken bladder and sew the end tightly
           up. Hang outside in the bright sun and allow to completely dry for
           seven days.
        c. On the seventh day, the desired lover will leave their mate and come
           to see you. This old voodoo method always works well.

                 -=- RULES FOR USING VOODOO TO END AFFAIRS -=-

 1. To stop a couple from getting married or to break up an affair between
    married individuals.
        a. Use a combination of four pigeons and rum.
        b. Feed the liquor to the four birds while the couple's name is written
           on four separate pieces of paper. One scrap of paper is inserted in
           each bird's beak and it is then released, and allowed to fly away.
        c. This act will abruptly stop the affair.

 2. To rid yourself of your lover or mate.
        a. Take an old black shoe that belongs to your lover or mate.
        b. Soak it in pure rainwater for a period of seven full days and
           nights.
        c. Then place it in an oven and allow to completely dry out again. When
           thoroughly dried, get a dirt dauber's nest and crumble into dust.
           Add cayenne pepper and blend.
        d. Dump this mixture into an old shoe.
        e. Stretch a dirty sock over the entire shoe and carry it to the
           nearest river or lake. At exactly noon, begin to run as fast as
           possible near the water's edge.
        f. Toss the sock-encased shoe over your left shoulder and into the
           water. So not, under any circumstances, turn and watch it hit the
           water.
        g. Leave for home immediately. It is said a mate will leave within
           seven days and never bother you again.

 3. To stop your daughter's affair with a married man.
        a. Simply utilize the voodoo power of a John the Conqueror root. Mix
           equal amounts of goofer dust and red brick dust together and
           sprinkle all over the root.
        b. Within one week (seven days), the man will break the relationship.
           Your daughter will not grieve for more than seven days after the
           affair has ended.

                 -=- RULES FOR CURING INSANITY WITH VOODOO -=-
              ( Hmm..  Might give this one to Zen for Christmas )

 1. Comb the insane person's hair and collect any hairs that fall out, or pull
    them out of the comb or brush.
 2. Purchase one pound of ground beef. Make a group of patties and insert one
    hair in each (Won't that be fun!).
 3. Roll each patty into a small ball. Take all of the meatballs and go for a
    walk.
 4. Each time you see a dog, drop one ball. Continue until you have given all
    the meat away.
 5. Never look back. That mad person is supposed to be back to normal by the
    time you have completed this task.

                      -=- RULES FOR BECOMING INVISIBLE -=-

 1. Perform this on a Wednesday before dawn.
 2. Take seven black beans and the head of a dead man.
 3. Turn the head face up.
 4. Put two beans in the head's eyes, two in it's ears, and one in it's mouth.
    (Is it just me, or doesn't this add up to 5?)
 5. Each day for nine days - before dawn - sprinkle brandy on the dead head.
 6. When a spirit says, "What doest thou?" say, "I am watering my plant." (This
    will probably happen on the eighth day)
 7. If the spirit asks for the brandy bottle, don't give it until it shows you
    a figure drawn on the dead head.
 8. By the ninth day, the beans will be ripe. Swallow one of them.
 9. Look in a mirror. If you cannot see yourself, you know you are invisible.
 10. If you see yourself . . . try the whole procedure again.


+##+ --------------------------------------------------------------------- +##+
#### COMMENTS: P.O.BOX 50, BULLEEN, VIC., AUSTRALIA::::::::::::::::::::::: ####
+##+ --------------------------------------------------------------------- +##+