-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
ighbahpooighbahpooighbahpoo °±² °±² Wot  the  fuk ? ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi
ghbahpooighbahpooighbahpooi                         hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig
hbahpooighbahpooighbahpooig °±² °±²ÛÛÛ²±° °²²ÛÛÛ²±° bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh
bahpooighbahpooighbahpooigh ±²Û ±²Û   Û²± ±²Û   Û²± ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb
ahpooighbahpooighbahpooighb ²ÛÛ ²ÛÛ   ÛÛ² ²ÛÛ   ÛÛ² hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba
hpooighbahpooighbahpooighba ÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah  ßÛ Ûß     ßÛ ÛÛÛ[CX93] ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp
ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahp   Þ Ý       Þ ÛÛÛ       oighbahpooighbahpooighbahpo
pooighbahpooighbahpooighbah               Ûß        ooighbahpooighbahpooighbahi
----------------------------------------- Ý------------------------------------
PSYCHEDELIC PSYCHOPATH                                                   FILE 5
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
   Spiritualism is a subject that holds many different meanings to different
people. Some people believe that spiritualism is the 'study' of ghosts and
spirits, but, in actual fact (doesn't that sound professional . . .) it is a
religion. I'm gonna try to explain - to the best of my knowledge - HAHA! - about
the first one only, because I don't think that anyone gives a flying fuck about
the religion. If anyone really wants to know about the religion of spiritualism,
just tell me, and I'll do an article on it.  Here Goes . . .

      --> GHoSTS aND SPiRiTS aND STuFF <--

   Okay, well, spiritualism in this 'sense' is pretty popular, but most people
just do it for fun. I'm not saying that this is wrong . . well, I can't really,
because that's one of the reasons that I do it . . I'm just saying that if you
DO want to do this (ie. contact a spirit) you should do it because you SERIOUSLY
want to. Not just because there's nothing on tv. Okay . . Well, enuff with the
lecture part . . On to the 'fun' bit. Some forms of contacting spirits can be
through a ouija board, or automatic writing. There are more ways to 'do it' but
they are a lot harder eg. Through a trance medium, through astral projection,
etc. Okay . . To start, we'll look at Ouija Boards (pronounced 'Wee-Ja' (btw . .
ouija comes from the French word 'oui' meaning yes & the German word 'ja' also
meaning yes) A ouija board can be bought from a shop (Mine cost about $45) or
you can make your own. To make a ouija board, you just have to write down the
letters of the alphabet, numerals from 0-9, and the words 'yes' and 'no' on a
sheet of cardboard. (If you want, you can add some words like 'Goodbye' or
'Rephrase' just in case . .) Cut them out, and arrange them on a smooth table
top (Like polished wood or something) and get a LIGHT glass. A red wine glass,
or a sherry glass is good. Okay . . Now, I've heard somewhere that you've got to
breath into the glass. I've only heard it once, so it's probably a load of bull,
but I'll say it anyway . . You've got to pass the glass around to everyone that
will be participating, and get them to breath into the glass while thinking of
contacting a spirit . . also, put your hand over the glass between people
breathing. Well, I told you it sounded like a load of crap . . Anyway . . Now
put the glass in the center of the table, and get everyone to put his/her finger
on the glass (btw . . for stupid people, the glass has to be upside down |*)
Anyway, put your finger on GENTLY!! And then just kinda say something like 'Is
There A Spirit Present?' It sounds a bit 'average' but it works (sometimes) If
you've got a ouija board from the shop, you do the same thing, except you use
the planchette (or pointer) that you get with the board, instead of the glass. 
Don't expect an immediate response. It does take a little time. Some people
believe that by doing this, you are communicating with dead people, but some
people think that you're just tapping into your sub-conscious. If you want to
read more about ouija boards, there's a COOL book you can read, called 'Ouija :
The Most Dangerous Game' it's by Stoker Hunt, and is REALLY good. It has cases
about how people have been helped by a ouija board, and how people have been
harmed. I also think that there's a section on rape in there. I know there's at
least one story. Anyway, it's a cool book, so go and borrow it. (Or steal it . .
Up to you) Another way, is via Automatic Writing. I'm not too sure about this
one, as I could not find anything about it in the library . . I'll tell you what
I know though . . To do automatic writing, you need something along the lines of
the planchette mentioned in the ouija board section, but with this, it is a lot
higher, and there is a pencil attached to it. It's the same as a ouija board,
except that there is no need for the letters, as they are written.  Only one
more 'popular' method of spirit contact comes to mind, and that is with a
medium. I personally would stay clear of this, as I got told a story once (Like
the other one, I'm sure that this one is a load of shit, but I'll tell you
anyway |*) These people went and had a seance, and they contacted some guy who
died because his throat was slit. The medium started going spastic, and his
throat split open, and all this blood started pissing out. The 'slash' closed
over, and they took him to hospital, and apparently, he had this shit load of
blood missing from his body . . . Creepy.  If I can, I'll try and do an article
on Astral Projection soon (If anyone's interested . . .  PsYCHeDeLiC PsYCHoPaTH

  btw . . My humblest thanks to Abdul Alhazred and Zig Wig for producing the
  Black Magic, Occult and Witchcraft files available. I will always be, but in
  your shadows.

 Psychedelic Psychopath

Ripped from crisis 1!

+-------------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------+
| Editor: Zen Amako | iNTOXiCATiON AE +61-3-ALL-TEXT| NARC AE +61-047-58-3920 |
+-------------------+-------------------------------+-------------------------+