 Dear Melissa,  I get spanked too.  Just
the othernight she told me to report to 
her at 6 PM sharp!I knocked on the door 
and was called in.  She called me over 
to her by crooking her finge
r without saying a word.  Then I felt 
her undoing my belt and I started to 
moan "no" but her glare stopped me. My 
jeans button was unsnapped and my fly 
unzipped and when she started to pull my
pants down my underpants started to get 
pulled down too.  I rea
ched for my jockeys and she slapped my 
hands and told me to keep them down.  
Without further ado she pulled the 
tangled mess of my jeans and underpants 
right down to my ankles, and pointed to 
her lap, again without saying a word.  I
was already in tears as
 over her knee I went, and she 
hairbrushed me till I was bawling like a
baby and begging her to stop.  I couldnt
help the way I kicked my legs and 
howled, she really broke me down with 
that hairbrush.  No sooner did she stand
me on my feet when she stood u
p and grabbed my ear.  I hadn't even had
time to grab my poor bum and rub, and I 
was being marched off to the corner and 
ordered to stand there and not to touch 
my buns or I'd be right back over her 
knee.  I just stood there and miserably 
tried to get my c
rying under control.  She did her nails,
and read a magazine, and made a few 
phone calls.  She called me over and 
hugged me very hard.  I completely broke
down in tears again.  I thanked her for 
spanking me and kissed her hard with a 
face full of tears.  S
he took me to bed and we made passionate
love for hours.  My bottomstung and 
prickled awful, I was one well 
disciplined and well loved boy.         
      Love, Sandy  


[C:\4321]  
