
                                  Havin' Fun
                                      By
                                   Shauna W.


   Jill and I were best friends all through high school, always together and
looking for good times.  This either meant finding boys, or parties or raising
some sort of hell.  Sometimes we'd drive around, looking for a couple of guys
in a car to flirt with, then lose them if we wanted to "teach 'em a lesson".

   Jill is beautiful without any question.  She's five foot six, with a pair
of very nice, long legs, blonde hair that falls halfway down her back, blue
eyes, and she's very shapely...how does 38D2435 sound?  Dreamy isn't it?
Jill usually gets all the guy's eyes when she walks into a room, and her love
of wearing tight sweaters doesn't help.  I'm not so lucky.  I'm only five
three, with red hair, gray eyes (which is unusual for a redhead I'm told), 108
pounds, and a modest 34C2335 figure.  Along with the orange hair, I've got
a typical redhead's peachesandcream complexion, with freckles here and
there.  Jill and I have been friends forever it seems, and this last year was
the first year we spent apart, her going to USC and me going to CALBerkeley.
We both went home for the summer, and quickly caught up on the juicy details
of each other's lives.  So the first thing to do was to call up some guys and
get dates right?  Wrong!  Almost every guy we knew was "hooked" by some gal,
here or at school.  So Jill and I fell back on each other, and went to a movie
together.

   After the movie, we stopped at Marie Calendar's pie shop, talking about our
interests (in guys at our schools), and Jill told me about something she did
that got me really excited.  Jill had worked out late one day, and she
finished showering in the girl's locker room and was just about to leave the
school.  She saw a few guys on the football team working out on the field and
she watched them for a few minutes.  Neither of us knows who to thank for
those spandex uniform pants, but they don't hide much!  Jill cautiously crept
into the men's locker room, hiding in a utility closet and peering out the
slotted vents.  Sure enough, these guys come in, and start stripping down to
shower, with Jill watching!  The closet was near the showers, and, according
to Jill, she could see both the lockers and the showers easily.  One of the
guys, came  out of the shower and stood there, toweling off in front of Jill's
closet door!  Jill said she was practically drooling, because this guy's dick
was about six inches long, and it wasn't even hard!  All those flat stomachs
and tight asses had Jill all excited, and when the guys left, she crept out of
the locker room.  I told her I didn't believe it, and when we got back to her
house, she showed me a jockstrap she'd taken from one of the lockers that had
been unlocked!  Like I said; Jill and I can really get into trouble.  It was
about a week later, when we went to a local bar, using fake IDs, that we
started our really nasty summer adventures.  We let two guys hit on us, and we
were dancing and getting a bit drunk.  Finally, we went outside to their car,
and necked for a few minutes.  Both these guys proved that they were jerks
when they figured we were drunk enough to let them do anything.  The guy I was
with put his hand under my top and was squeezing my tits, and of course I was
rubbing his dick through his pants, feeling it grow.  Jill was in the front
seat, and I could hear her moan but I couldn't see what was going on.  The guy
with me tried to unbutton my pants, but I stopped him, not wanting to get out
of control in the car.  Jill and I finally said we had to go to the rest room,
and that they should both be stripped and ready for action when we got back.
Of course we went around to the front and got into my car and drove off, both
of us laughing at the thought of those two "studs" sitting naked in the car,
waiting for us.  The night was still young, and we were both a bit tipsy, so
we drove over to the beach.  It was dark and quiet, and we let the fresh air
clear our heads as much as possible.  Just as we rounded a small rock
outcropping, we heard someone moaning.  We stopped and listened, and peering
through the gloom, we could see a couple fucking on the beach.  Jill and I
watched, making some very scandalous and critical remarks about the whole
thing.  They both came, the guy just before the girl, and by the time they
finished and started dressing, Jill and I were sopping wet.  We turned around
and started back up the beach, when we saw a guy walking towards us.  It was
pretty dark, and when he was about ten feet or so away, he said "hello".  His
voice was so sexy, that I stopped and we both started talking to him.  He said
his name was Rick, and he asked us if we'd like to walk down the beach with
him.  Jill and I really didn't want to walk with him, and he smiled and said
that he understood (too many crazies around).  So we talked for bit, and Jill
told him that further down there was a couple on the beach  "doing it".  "I'm
not surprised.  I see a lot of that out here." Rick said.  "Do you watch?"
Jill asked, and I shot her a dirty look, which she missed.  "No, not really."
Rick said quietly.  "I just try to ignore them.  I figure they're doing it
down here so nobody will see, so why disappoint them?"   We offered him a
cigarette (he said that he doesn't smoke), and when my lighter flared, we both
gasped.  Rick was terrific looking, and shirt less.  He had a gorgeous body,
and we both could see the bulge in his shorts.  Rick smiled, and looked at me.
"I didn't know you were a redhead in this light." he said, emphasizing
"redhead" like it was important.  "Yeah." I said.  "Some of us have all the
luck."  "I suppose you'll ask if she's hot and fiery as her hair."  Jill put
in a bit sarcastically.  "No, but that's a good line." Rick said.  "I was
going to suggest going up to the Sandpiper Inn for a drink, on me, so I could
see your hair in some real light."  "Oh brother!" Jill said.  I thought he was
kind of sweet, but Jill was thinking that he was on the prowl.  I said it
sounded fine, and Jill just about broke a rib jabbing me the way she did.
Rick walked along side us up to the inn, and he stopped at his car in the lot,
putting on his shirt and shoes.  We watched, and Rick's body was even better
looking in the slight light from the car's interior light.  

   Rick held the door for us, and we entered, walking into the bar part of the
restaurant.  The girl behind the counter waved to him, and Rick waved back.
He motioned us to a table and we sat down, off in the corner.  "That's my
sister Kim." Rick said, pointing to the bartender he'd waved to.  "She's a
terrific kid.  He was certainly right.  Kim looked to be only about 23, and
when she came over to say hello, her tight fitting black pants showed curves
that would make most women extremely jealous.  Kim is pretty, with blonde hair
and big green eyes, she was outstanding.  "Picking up girls on the beach
again, eh, Rick?"  She chided him.  Kim looked us over, asking us for our
orders.  We gave them to her.  "Just be careful if Rick suggests taking you to
his place.  He's a real wolf."  "Thanks." I said, seeing  that Kim was just
teasing her brother.  Jill and I talked with him, and when Kim came back with
our drinks, she said that she would be off work at midnight.  It was quarter
of, and we waited for her to come over and join us.  In the meantime, Rick was
telling us that he thought of "carrottops" as very sexy.  Jill asked about
blondes, and Rick said that he liked blondes too, but since redheads were
scarier, and pretty ones even more so, he was intrigued.  Kim joined us
finally, and Rick went to the rest room.  "Rick's really a sweet guy."  Kim
said.  "If it weren't for Rick, I'd be a lot worse off."  Rick stepped in and
helped her out, and now she was making it on her own.  Jill was impressed by
Kim's emphatic praise of him.  "How long has your brother been helping you?" 
Jill asked.  "Is that what he told you?  That he's my brother?" Kim laughed a
bit.  "No, Rick's actually my step-brother if that makes a difference."  Jill
and I looked at each other then, and realized that Rick was really an
interesting guy.

   Just as I was going to ask Kim if Rick was married, he came back to the
table, smiling.  I could see no wedding ring (or a "cheaters mark") so I
guessed him to be single.  "I just called Pete to come join us."  Rick said.
Kim's eyes lit up and she told us that Pete was a "trueblue hunk".  Rick
looked at Jill, and said "I hope you don't mind, but I think you'll like Pete.
I know he'll like you."  Jill was a bit miffed at Rick taking the liberty, but
when  Pete came in, she changed her mind.  "Hunk" was right!  Pete was about
five eleven and every bit as fit and trim as a girl could want.  He had dark
hair and a smooth dark complexion (from his spanish mother) and gleaming blue
eyes (from his father).  A few more drinks and Kim suggested her place, as
her parents were gone for the weekend.  Feeling pleasantly relaxed, Jill and
I agreed.  Kim's place wasn't far away, and  it was a very nice large condo
on the beach.  Just near enough to hear and smell the ocean.  About a half
hour after getting to her place, Kim disappeared to get out of her "work 
clothes".  I was sitting right next to Rick on the sofa, while Jill and Pete
were looking through some of Kim's record albums.  Rick's finger touched under
my chin and I turned to look at him.  His eyes were so soft and gentle, I
could feel the electricity in his touch, and I leaned into his soft, warm
lips.  I kissed him, feeling his lips slowly part, and his tongue gently
stroked my lips.  I parted my lips and let his tongue enter my mouth, eagerly
swirling my tongue around his.  I chased his tongue into his mouth when it
withdrew, and that excited him, his hands now sliding urgently down my back.
We were both lost in our blissful kiss, when we heard "Ahem!" from behind us.
Parting, we looked at each other for a second, then to Pete and Jill, who were
both grinning at our display.  "Rather adolescent, wasn't that?" Pete laughed.
"Hey!" Rick shot back. "So I was deprived as a teen.  Gimme a break!" Jill
held up one of my favorite albums and I nodded.  Pete held up another and we
all agreed that we liked Kim's taste in music.  Kim returned, and she was
wearing sweat pants and an exercise top that left her flat stomach bare.  Kim
put on some music and said she'd fix some snacks.  As she left the room, she
turned down the dimmer on the lights.  Jill and Pete were slowdancing in front
of the fireplace, and I turned to Rick.  We kissed again, and both of us felt
the heat burning in the other.  We kissed and kissed for a long time, his
hands and tongue making me so hot that I was sure my pants were visibly wet.
Kim made a loud noise in the kitchen breaking up some ice, and we parted our
kiss, looking at Jill and Pete.  They were locked in a deep kiss like we had
been, with Pete's hands on Jill's ass, pulling her against him.  Jill was also
trying to wrap herself around Pete, her hands on the back of his head.  Kim
announced the snacks were ready, and Pete disentangled from Jill to help her
bring out the food and some drinks.  She sat down, and started telling some
jokes that she'd heard, most of them a bit raunchy.  Rick mentioned that Kim
had a hidden talent, and she blushed and gave him a "not again" look.  Rick
badgered Kim into showing us.  She took the stem from the cherry in my coke,
and popped it in her mouth.  A few seconds later, it came out with the stem
nicely knotted in the middle.  Jill and I both tried it (Kim said it was
pretty simple), and we couldn't do it.  Pete made a rude suggestion, something
about trying it with a larger object, and we all laughed.  "Speaking of larger
objects Pete..."  Kim said, making her stare obvious.  Pete wasn't displaying
much of a bulge, but Kim's eyes said there was some very decent "equipment"
there.  "Are you going to show it off?"  Pete blushed a bit, and I'm sure Jill
felt her pussy moisten as I did.  We all urged him to show us (it must have
been the liquor from earlier), and he finally said okay.  Pete stood up, and
Kim dimmed the lights dramatically.  Pete unzipped about half way, and Jill
suddenly leaned forward, taking over the job.  Jill did a good job of
erotically lowering his zipper, and rubbing her hand over his crotch.  I could
see his bulge forming against his shorts.  Jill was going to reach in through
is zipper, but Pete put her hands on his belt.  Jill pulled it loose, moving
her face close to his manhood.  Jill's hands slid his pants down to the floor,
and we could see a huge bulge in his jockey shorts.  Slowly Jill pulled them
down, and when his dick sprang free, I could hear Jill's gasp over mine.  

   Pete had a huge prick, and the head was perfectly circumcised.  Jill stared
at it, watching it grow even more.  I could see her tremble as she put her
hand around it and lifted it, then ran her tongue down the underside of it.
Pete sighed loudly.  "Oh God!  I'm in heaven!"  Jill said.  She kept kissing
and licking it, and Pete wasn't going to stop her.  "Eleven and threequarters
inches."  Kim said.  "I measured it the first time I saw it." She added
proudly. I looked down at Rick's crotch and saw his bulge.  No one had to tell
me, so I unfastened his pants and took him out of his shorts.  No monster like
Pete had, but one of the most beautiful cocks I'd ever seen!  Rick was about
seven inches long, and just the right diameter.  I leaned over and licked the
drop of his semen that dribbled from the tip.  Then I just had to have him in
my mouth.  I liked his warm, rubbery head, and then started sucking him into
my eager mouth.  Rick moaned softly and I felt his hips rise.  His dick was
warm and firm and just the right size.  After several long strokes on him, I
then remembered that Kim was watching.  I looked up at her and wow!!  Kim was
sitting back, one hand down her sweat pants, frigging herself while she
watched us.  Her other hand had pushed her top up, showing us her large
nippled breasts and she pinched a nipple in her fingers.  I looked over at
Jill, and Pete was undressing her, she was down to her bra and panties.  "What
the hell"  I thought, and I pulled Rick's pants off, and then his shirt.  He
undressed me carefully, kissing my breasts as he pulled off my blouse.  The
low lights, the alcohol, and the gentle way everyone moved had an effect, and
we were all soon naked in the living room.  All but Kim.  She just sat and
watched us, and her being dressed excited me even more.  Rick slid down to the
floor and began licking my pussy.  He knew his way around a pussy, his tongue
finding my sensitive places and making me crazy with the way he teased me
higher and higher.  Jill went straight for Pete's dick, and I watched.  Pete
sat on the love seat (appropriate no?), with Jill sitting down facing him.  I
watched, and Jill slowly tried to stuff his meat in her tight pussy, taking
him an inch at a time.  Her soft, white round ass spread over Pete's lap, and
his huge prick slowly disappearing into her made me so incredibly wet!
Finally, Jill sat down, completely hiding his cock inside her.  Jill moaned
and breathed hard.  When she rose up, the sight of such a big cock sliding out
of her made me come right in Rick's mouth!  Rick kept sucking and licking me,
and I came again, seeing Jill take Pete inside her again and again.  "Fuck
me."  I told Rick, pulling him up from between my legs.  Rick kneeled on the
edge of the sofa and pulled my legs wide apart.  His prick slid into me
easily, and it felt like he was as big as Pete.  I couldn't take my eyes off
the sight of Jill fucking that huge dick.  I'd seen porno movies before, but
this was hot!  Watching my best friend getting fucked by a huge cock!  Slowly
Rick started to pump me, and I closed my eyes and just floated on the
sensations he gave me.  His hands squeezed my breasts, and he pulled on my
nipples just the way I like to do.  I was so close to coming and I wanted to,
but I also wanted it to last longer.  Rick started moving even slower, and I
felt his hand flicking my clit.  I started to come, really come hard, and I
looked down.  I looked down and saw Kim flicking her tongue on my clit!!  Just
as my orgasm was subsiding, another rolled over me, and I  didn't care if it
was a girl or a guy sucking me, just as long as it didn't stop!  I know I was
moaning, but I don't remember it.  Rick was starting to pound my sopped pussy
and it felt like I was coming all the time.  I looked down, and Kim was
kissing her way up my stomach.  I started coming again and she sucked on of my
nipples and then pinched the other.  I moaned and screamed that I was coming
again.  I felt Rick's cock explode inside me, spurting what felt like gallons
of his come.  That kept me coming for what seemed like an hour, although it
was really just a few long seconds.

   Before I could recover, and say anything, Rick slid out of my pussy, and I
felt Kim's mouth on me.  "Oh, no...don't...Oh! Unnnngggh!"  I tried to say
no, but her tongue had found my clit, making me come again.  Kim licked and
sucked me, and Icould feel her licking up Rick's come as it flowed from my
pussy.  Kim was hot and she filled my cunt with three of her long fingers
pumping my pussy while she licked and sucked my throbbing hard clit.  I felt
like I was going to explode from the pleasure and then Kim pushed two fingers
up my anus and began to ream my tight little butt hole.  She made me come at
least three times, and when she stopped I was so weak I could hardly move.
Kim sat on the floor almost next to me, her face wet with Rick's and my
juices.  I was too wiped out to say anything to her.  When I opened my eyes a
minute later, it was because Jill was screaming and moaning.  I looked over
and saw that Kim was leaning between Jill and Pete, obviously sucking Jill's
clit, and her right forefinger was deep inside Jill's ass.  Jill was shaking
her head all over,  and bouncing on Pete's huge prick.  Her big tits were
wobbling all over the place too, and I could see that Jill was slamming
herself down on him.  Pete shoved up hard, lifting his hips off the seat, and
burying himself deep inside Jill.  I could see Jill spasm and shake each time
Pete spurted into her.  Kim then sucked on Jill's nipples, her finger still up
Jill's butt.  Jill leaned forward, putting her head on the back of the love
seat.

   Kim lifted her off of Pete and slid underneath her, sucking Pete's come
from Jill's blonde pussy.  Kim was naked now, and she had her head in Pete's
lap, face up, with Jill sitting on her.  Jill was panting and moaning,
climaxing again, this time so hard that she rose up and we could all see her
pussy dripping into Kim's face and mouth.  This got me going again, but Rick
was sitting back and looked tired.  I looked at Kim's pussy facing me on the
floor.  Her labia were swollen and shiny, and her tan lines made herlook sexy.
I'd never, ever done a girl before, but I slipped down and laid between her
legs.  She'd given me a great orgasm, and I  had the urge to make her come
too.  I'd tasted my own juices before, so this wasn't too different I thought.
I leaned forward, sticking my tongue out and gently licked her labia.  It
surprised me to find them so soft and slick.  The more I licked the  hotter I
got and the more I got into giving Kim head.  Kim was rocking her hips up and
down against my mouth, and I found her clit and sucked it.  She moaned and
about that time let Jill get off her face.  Jill gasped when she saw me
sucking on Kim, but I could feel Kim about to come, and I didn't want to stop.
Kim arched up while I flicked  my tongue over her clit and sucked it into my
mouth.  I felt her hands grab my head and push my face hard against her pussy.
I could feel her juices making my face slippery, and my own pussy felt like it
was just drenched.  I worked a finger inside her and that did it.  Kim came
and she locked her legs around my head, grinding her pussy into my face.  I
sucked and licked, and kept her coming for about two minutes, and when we
stopped, Kim was sweating on the floor, and my face was soaked.  I expected
Jill to get mad or say something, but she slid off the sofa and came to me.
"That was sooooooo HOT!"  She said.  Jill and I had showered together and been
naked together but never like this.  She leaned overand kissed me so lustily
that we made up for lost time.  My hands were all over her tits, and she
finally pushed me back and started eating me.  Her tongue lapped at my pussy,
and when she sucked my clit, I came and came and came.  I wanted to give her
everything, make her face wetter than mine felt, and then to suck her off too.
I switched places with Jill, and started sucking her beautiful pussy, her
blonde pubic hair exciting me just to look at it.  Jill was really hot, and I
could still taste some of Pete's sperm on her pussy, so I tried to shove
my tongue inside her, using the  tip of my nose to press against her clit.
Jill came fast, and I could feel her contracting, trying to squeeze my tongue
with her pussy.  I sucked and licked her all over, circling her clit with my
tongue, and spreading her legs wide.  Kim appeared and she lowered herself
onto Jill's mouth, leaning over and whispering loudly to me.  "Yes, circle
her clit.  Suck it and lick it.  Suck her hard, hot clit!" I looked up and saw
Jill's jaw working under Kim's bush, knowing that she was fucking her with her
tongue.  I lifted my head and Kim grabbed me, sticking her tongue roughly in
my mouth.  It was just what I needed then, and I grabbed her tits and squeezed
them hard, pulling on her nipples.  She moaned in my mouth, her right hand
pulling on my left nipple hard and making me moan too.  I lowered my head back
to Jill's sopping pussy and licked up her juices again.  Jill's pussy was
just flowing with her cream, and I loved it's warm, slippery texture and her
sweet taste.  I felt someone behind me, and large warm flesh pressed against
my cunt lips.  I could see Rick's feet, so I knew that Pete was going to try
to fuck me with his monster cock.  I closed my eyes and sucked Jill's sweet
cunt, feeling Pete slowly sliding his huge cock inside me.  The head was
gigantic, stretching my pussy wide open.  I moaned when he slipped it inside.
Then slowly he slid down my hole, filling me completely.  He passed the area I
normally associated with the "deepest" place guys normally went, and more cock
was coming!  He kept filling me and filling me until I was sure I'd burst.
Then his cock hit bottom, bumping my deepest place and I cried out.  I reached
back, feeling for his cock, wanting to know if he was fully and completely
inside of me like he was with Jill.  To my surprise I could feel almost two
inches of his cock still outside my pussy!  Jeeezus!  I thought, he's so big
it fills my cunt with some to spare!  I hope he comes a lot!

   Rick was behind Kim now, fucking her hard, (My God, his own sister!),
making her tits bounce while Jill still sucked her.  I returned to getting
Jill off, but Pete's cock was so big that every time he pushed into me I felt
like I was coming all over again.  I had slipped two more fingers in Jill's
freshly stretched hole and was fingerfucking her and watching her hips rock
in time with my hand.  We were all moans and heaving breathing in the room,
fucking and sucking each other.  Kim had a very dirty vocabulary and now she
was using it.  "Fuck my cunt, stud!"  She yelled to Rick. "Cum in me big
brother.  Let Jill suck your hot cum outta my cunt!"  I found myself rocking
my hips back against Pete, who was trying not to hurt me, and each time I
rocked, he bottomed  out, making me groan with the pain and pleasure of it.
"Fuck her little ass you big stud!"  Kim moaned to Pete.  "Fill her with your
big cock!"  I was so hot and excited by her that I raised up and kissed her,
shoving MY tongue down HER throat as far as I could.  Kim sucked my tongue
like it was a cock and my hips started to rock and push back against Pete's
huge prick again.  I couldn't help myself and started talking like Kim.  "RAM
YOUR COCK IN ME.  FUCK ME HARD YOU BIG STUD!"  I yelled and then I felt Pete
ram it home, forcing me to laydown, my face against Jill's sopping pussy.  He
plunged into me fast and hard.  His cock felt like it was pushing my cervix up
against my lungs.  And I was having one orgasm after another!!  Jill cried out
into Kim's muff, and her hips rose up and down hard.  Sort of dreamily, I
looked at her cunt, and realized I'd slid my whole hand inside her!!  She was
humping my hand, and I opened it and closed it inside her, feeling her wet
juices in my palm.  The whole thing burned in my brain like a photograph, and
each thrust Pete made, so did I.  Jill came first, flinging her legs wide and
then rocking her hips up so that my hand was deep inside her.  Kim came next,
and she was moaning and yelling almost in my ear.  I don't know when Rick
came, but I felt like I was constantly coming.  Up until Pete came inside me.
Pete rammed his cock inside me, and I literally saw stars for a moment.  Then
his thick cock swelled up, and I thought I would explode.  Then there was a
massive flood inside me and I could actually feel his sperm gushing out of his
cock.  I came so hard all I could do was shake and shudder on the floor.  I
couldn't even breathe!!  My pussy contracted, but it was like trying to grip
steel, and the feeling was terrific!  Pete shot lots of his sperm in me, and I
finally stopped shaking.  It took me a while to catch my breath too.  Jill
slowly pulled away from my hand, with her pussy making a wet, slurping sound
as my hand slid free.  Kim grabbed my hand and began rubbing it on her face
and tits, licking Jill's come from it.  I could just lay there and let her. 
Pete finally pulled out of me, and I felt like I'd been fucked by a horse!
Jill moved down and licked my pussy from behind.  I was beyond orgasming just
then, but it felt good.  Jill told me that my pussy stayed wide open for a few
minutes and she stuck her tongue in my gaping cunt hole.  Kim wasn't finished,
and she started sucking Pete's huge cock.  I just watched for a while, too
exhausted to move, and Jill's tongue felt sooooo good!  Pete was only half
hard, but he was still huge.  About 9 inches I'd guess.  I watched Kim suck
most of him down, choking slightly.  Jill sat up and rolled me over, kissing
me and letting me suck her tongue like Kim had done mine.  I love Jill, and I
realized it then, and I wanted to leave with her just so we could hold each
other and kiss all night.  Kim started sucking her brother, while Pete was
fucking her.  I wondered where these guys got their stamina.  Jill laid me in
her lap and caressed my tits while we watched.  Kim was kneeling with Pete
behind her as she sucked Rick's cock all the way down.  Both the guys were
getting into it when Kim changed the game.  "Fuck my ass with it!  Shove it up
my ass!"  She moaned to Pete.  "Are you sure?"  Pete said.  "I don't want to
hurt you."  "FUCK MY ASSHOLE YOU PRICK!  CUM IN MY ASS!"  Pete slowly slid
that huge cock in her ass.  Jill and I moved over to get closer.

  Neither of us believed what we saw.  Oh, sure, Jill and I had both had our
boyfriend do that, but never with such a huge cock!  Kim grunted as though she
were passing a big bowel movement, and then Pete's cock slid up her ass.  I 
put my hand on her stomach and I could feel her getting filled.  Jill had one
hand on her pussy while she watched, and my own asshole itched with at the
idea of his huge cock there.  Pete moved in and out slowly, holding several
fingers around the base so he wouldn't hurt her.  Kim started moving her ass 
faster and faster, and Pete just stayed still, letting her fuck his cock.  I
was still fucked out, but my pussy was so wet watching, I started fingering my
own pussy.  Jill laid down and started sucking Kim's tits and I sat on Jill's
tits, rubbing my wetness over her big tits.  I was watching Pete's cock slide
in and out of Kim's ass in amazement.  Rick groaned and I could see Kim 
jerking his shaft up and down as her mouth filled with her brother's hot
sperm.  She sat up suddenly and kissed me, Rick's sperm flooding my mouth as a
surprise.  Her breath was ragged in my mouth, her ass full of Pete's pumping
cock, and a lot of Rick's sperm ran down our faces and onto my tits.  Kim
moaned into my mouth and shuddered.  She was coming and I knew why.  Jill's
fingers were rubbing her cunt.  Jill grabbed the sofa and moaned, her hips
were shaking, and she put her face down on Rick's still stiff cock.  Pete
pulled out of Kim's ass quickly, making her cry out.  He stepped over Kim's
back, straddling her and jerking his cock.  I was wondering what he was doing,
and slid back, letting Jill begin to sit up.  Pete turned towards me and shot
a thick stream of his cum against my tits.  Then another.  What didn't land on
me, dripped onto Jill below me, or Kim's back.  Pete spermed again, and hit my
mouth and cheeks.  It felt good, and when he stopped, I looked down at Jill.
She had some on her cheek, but most of it had landed on her big beautiful
tits.  We licked each other off, and Rick, Pete and Kim all watched.

   Finally, laying in Jill's arms, I looked over and saw that Rick and his
sister were cozied up together too, while Pete was wiping off his cock with a
towel.  My ass was up in the air and Rick came over to me stroking his still
hard cumslick cock.  I knew I wanted him to fuck me again and started to
wiggle my ass towards him.  Rick spread my legs and pressed his hot cock up my
cunt banging me with hard fast strokes.  I began to get off again and Kim
crawled over to me and got up under my legs and began to suck and lick my clit
while Rick pounded his hot shaft up my quivering pussy.  I began to climax
again and Kim made Rick pull out before he shot his load.  Spreading my ass
cheeks Kim put Rick's throbbing cock against my asshole and told him to fuck
my anus.  I had been fucked up the ass before but the feeling I got when Rick
pressed his hot stiff meat up my asshole was too much to be believed between
his hot cock rammed up my asshole and Kim with her hot tongue on my clit and
her fingers up my pussy I thought I would die from the pleasure.  Rick reamed
my asshole with hard pounding strokes until I was continually in an orgasmic
trance and finally filled my butt with his thick creamy sperm as I flooded
Kim's mouth with my hot pussy juice.  That night was the hottest sex I've ever
had with more than one person.  Jill and I saw Kim several times after that,
but now that I'm going to USC now, we share an apartment offcampus so we can
sleep with each other all the time.  We've both shared a guy or two, but we
have the most fun with each other or just our respective boyfriends.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, I always knew that one day Jill and I would
kiss passionately.  Several times come to mind during our high school days
when I thought about doing it, but thought it would offend her.  She says the
same thing.  I dearly love Jill, and she loves me too.  We both still like
guys, but there are times when all we want to do is hold each other and kiss
and touch, without a big rush.  The guys we've shared have told us that we're
two hot girls, especially when we suck their come from each other's pussies. 
I love doing that, because I know it gives Jill lots of pleasure and she comes
so much.  Now I have to go.  Jill and I are going to bed, and recounting this
has made me hot and wet.  For you gals out there just thinking about it, don't
be rushed.  If the girl you like touches you a lot and makes lots of very
direct eye contact, just brush her breast a little.  If her eyes dilate and
her nipple gets hard, let it come naturally.  That's the best way.  For you
guys, if you're lucky enough to know a bisexual girl, let her have some room. 
There are times when another woman can make you appreciate being a man even
more.

   Shauna







