
From ddaily@digiforest.com Sat Jun 28 11:58:47 1997
Path: news.jb.com!news-out.internetmci.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!news1.best.com!nntp2.ba.best.com!not-for-mail
From: Captain Swing <swing@xme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Schoolgirl Rape #8
Date: Wed, 28 May 1997 21:43:35 -0700
Organization: xme
Lines: 323
Message-ID: <338D0977.38D3@xme.com>
Reply-To: swing@xme.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: minson.vip.best.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.0 (WinNT; I)

I had just picked up my welfare check and was cruising around.  Didn’t
want to go home.  Had another fight with my woman and my two live-in
girlfriends, and didn’t want to hear their bitching anymore.  Plus the
screaming of the all our kids got damn irritating after awhile.   So I
was just hanging.   After a while, I thought that the best thing to do
now would be to get me a new white girl.   That was sure to bring the
old gleam back to the eye.  So I headed for the local high school, one
of my better hunting grounds 

It was a Saturday afternoon, so I wasn’t expecting much action, but you
never know.   Sure enough, no one was around.   So I decided to see if
there was anything around to steal.  After a while, I found a door I
could jimmy, and broke into one of the hallways.  There I found a
janitor closet and stole some keys.   In a few minutes I had opened a
number of classrooms.  Everything was dark and there wasn’t shit to
steal.   So I left the hallway and walked back out into one of the side
exits.

There were tennis courts here, and I see that some white people were
playing.   A couple old geezers with their wives,  plus a few others. 
But what really got my attention was this young girl hitting the ball
against the backboard.   She was 15 or so, average height,  long blonde
hair, and was wearing a white tennis uniform.   Her face was real
pretty, with a young girl’s innocent cuteness, but goddamn, she had a
woman’s body.   Her legs and thighs were tanned and real shapely and
athletic, I guess she did a lot of tennis to get those legs.   Best of
all, her tits were large and were practically exploding from her
blouse.  I could see the tops of them jiggle when she bent down for the
ball.  Most girls I nail are too young to have big tits, they barely
bounce when I pork them.  But this bitch didn’t have that problem.  

 My long  hungry cock began to throb and twist in my pants as I watched
this coed race back and forth, her muscular thighs moving in that short
tennis skirt, her teenage breasts twisting and bouncing in that loose
blouse of hers.  I liked the way she ignored me and just concentrated on
those fuzzy green balls.   Well, given half a chance, I was going make
this youngster stare at another pair of fuzzy balls.  Except these pair
were going to be black, and were going to be slapping against her pretty
face.

So I watched and waited.  Soon it got dark, and one by one, people left
the court.  Soon it was just this girl and some geezer.   Several times
it looked like the girl would leave first, and I got really angry.   But
luck looked to be with me that night, for finally the old man left.  Now
it was just me and this youngster.   After a minute she stopped and
began putting everything away.   She toweled off her pretty face, and so
I took the opportunity to get closer.

The girl walked towards her bike.   In a moment she was going to ride
off, and with it my chance to get to know her - know her really well.  
I licked my thick lips and checked around.  There wasn’t anyone around. 
Still, there was traffic on a side road and this place wasn’t exactly
remote.   Generally, I like getting to girls in their own bedrooms, or
in an alley or behind the bleachers.  Somewhere private, where I’d have
the chance to do everything I wanted and not get caught.  But damn, this
girl was so young and pretty, and practically bursting out of the little
skirt and blouse.   I hadn’t had me one like this for awhile.   So I
decided to take the chance.   One way or another, I just had to make her
mine.

"How ya’ doing, sugar?", I asked her, walking up casually.

She looked startled, she hadn’t heard me walk up.   I noticed that her
eyes were big and blue, and that she had a cute dimple on her chin and
rosy cheeks.   Her lips were full.  Her long silky blonde hair hung over
her tan shoulders, and her breasts were outlined beneath her white
blouse.  I could see where the nipples were, sticking up under that
blouse.  It was getting dark.

"I’m fine, mister", she said.  She had a high-pitched, girlish voice.

"What’s your name, go to school around here?" I asked, getting closer.

"I’m Jennifer.  I’m a sophmore here", she replied   She put her stuff on
the bike.  It was clear she was a little scared of me and planned to
ride off now. She wrapped tanned shapely thighs over her bike, they
jiggled a bit as she settled on the seat.  I could see the wink of her
panties underneath.    I got right next to her.

"You’re real pretty.  Want to get balled by a black stud?"  I put my
hand on the bike.  The other I put on her thigh.  It was warm and soft …

Jennifer gasped and almost fell over.  She recovered and  began to pedal
as fast as she could.  I reached out and grabbed her, pulling her off
the bike.  We struggled for a moment, then the bike fell over.   I got
her in my arms, my hands squeezing those big soft breast.   Her young
body twisted against me, she was real strong and muscular.  I could feel
her short skirt swish and feel her little rump grind against me as she
fought, driving my cock wild.  I had to fight from spurting right into
my pants. 

"Oh! No! No!",  Jennifer yelled, and then she began to scream.   I was
prepared for that and stuffed a clothe over her mouth.   She took the
opportunity to bite me, drawing blood.  Shit!  I slapped her down and
then pinned her arm behind her back.  She screamed again, both from pain
and fright.  I half dragged her, and half carried her towards to open
door of the school.    Still she fought, kicking and screaming.   It
took all my strength to get her past the door and into the school
hallway.   Even inside, she kept making a huge ruckus.  
Man, I was really scared someone had heard and called the cops.   Still,
there was no way I was going to let her go before I had done it to
her.   I was in a breeding frenzy and wasn’t going to stop.

I dragged her into a classroom.   Her tanned shapely legs were still
kicking out, and she knocked over some chairs and shit.   I was
breathing really hard from the effort and from the anticipation.   For
such a small young honey, this one really defended herself pretty well. 
But I was determined that she’d lose it all to me in the end …

I pushed her onto the teacher’s table, scattering a bunch of  papers.  
Then I pulled out my knife and held it to her throat.

"I’ll OJ you if don’t become my girlfriend, bitch!",  I snarled.

The girl was now scared out of her wits.  Her big blue eyes were large
with fright and panic, and she was breathing rapidly.   Her tits moved
up and down to her heavy breathing.   I could see them there, ripe and
ready.  Her soft thighs and hips pressed against me, and already my hard
cock was nestling against her panties, getting ready for action.   I
could see that she felt my cock against her, and knew what it wanted
with her.

"Next time I pull out this knife, I use it, cunt!", I said, as I put the
knife away.  Then I leaned down and kissed her full red lips.   They
tasted like strawberries.   Her body shuddered.   Meanwhile, my big
black hands went to work.  I ran them up inside her blouse, then under
her bra.  In a moment I had a double-fistful of fresh young tits in my
hands.   Damn, they felt might fine, big and full, but with a young
girl’s firmness.  No baby had other sucked on these nipples, and no man
had tasted them either.

The girl was still panting, laying on her back on the table, one leg on
either side of me. I stopped kneading her breasts and did some quick
action on her clothes.  In a moment I’d ripped her blouse open,  then
snapped off the bra.    Her tits now lay fully exposed, jiggling in the
darkness, the nipples erect.   I leaned down and took one of the nipples
in my mouth.  You should have seen the look in her eyes as I did that,
and she moaned softly as  I began to suck.   I sucked it hard, then did
the other one.  Fuck, those titties were fine.   Meanwhile, I began to
grope under her skirt.  I started to pull her panties off…

"Oh no!", the girl screamed, and we had another short wrestling match. 
I pulled her to the floor for a minute, as I struggled to get her
panties off.   The girl kept kicking and twisting, making it damn hard. 
Finally I took my knife and ran them under the panties.  I cut the
fucking panties off her.  Then I flung her back onto the table, her
leggy thighs squirming in her short skirt, with nothing to keep me from
planting myself between them.   She tried to clamp her legs together,
but I just pried them apart and pushed between them.  Now her legs were
kicking on each side of me.   I could feel her muscular thighs wrapped
around my hips.

"God no, god no", the girl kept moaning.   Yes, I grinned at her.    I
unbuckled my pants and pulled down my zipper.  My huge thick black
baby-maker leaped out,  throbbing and ready for action.  I inserted it
between her legs and began to thrust towards my target.   In a moment my
prick was wrapped between her twisting soft thighs.  Goddamn that felt
good.     That’s a great feeling, having a desperate young virgin’s
thighs wrapped around your cock, as she struggles against you, trying to
avoid the fate you have in store for her.

 I could feel the crevice, and began to push.   Fuck she was tight, and
she kept twisting her hips every time I got it in the right position.  
Her legs kicked around me and she was crying hysterically.  But I kept
at it.   Position, push, position, push … the crevice gave way a bit,
the girl gasped and kicked harder … push, push .. I could feel her
cherry   … my cock began to chew into it … gasp, oh god no, oh no, 
push,  really hard.

"Ohhhh!" the girl gave a high-pitched scream as I defiled her.    Her
eyes flew open wide.  Laughing,  I pushed deeper into her twisting
waiting hips.   Inch by inch I opened her virgin body up,  skewered her 
on my potent manhood.    After a full seconds I was fully embedded
inside the pretty coed.  Fuck, it felt great in there.  Nice, moist and
tight.    I was leaning over her, my nose touching hers, staring into
her helpless blue eyes, flattening myself against her big breasts.   Her
silky blonde hair lay spread out on the teacher’s desk.  Her full red
lips were open in pain and fright.  I kissed them and ran my tongue into
her mouth and played around inside for awhile, while down below, my cock
got accustomed to its new schoolgirl home.

I pulled my prick out partway, and then stuck it back.  Jennifer
squealed - I like that sound.  I did it again, and again.  I began to
pork her, faster and faster.   Her teenage tits bounced and rippled with
each thrust.  She squealed each time I drove home.  Her warm soft thighs
squirmed and twisted around me.

Even though I was inside now, Jennifer kept fighting and trying to buck
me off.   She was still clueless that she was lost, but I liked her
spirit.   There was eight inches of bloated black cock meat inside her
now, chewing right into her belly, and it would have taken a harness and
a tractor to pull me out of her now.   I was a big dog with a fresh
piece of meat, and wasn’t going to stop until I had gotten what I
wanted.  So I just kept knocking her back onto the desk, never breaking
my stride, my prick chewing deep into her virginity,  pumping in and out
of her resisting body.  No way was my cock leaving until it made a baby
between those squirming twisting teenage hips.   My thick hairy balls
slapped against her pussy.   That was the only sound except for our
heavy breathing and Jennifer’s squeals.   She twisted on the business
end of my raping organ, like a fish on a hook.  I thrust deeper into
her.

After a minute I got down to the short strokes.  In no time at all I
felt the  familiar rush of my seed coming up my from balls and down my
thick bloated cockshaft.   I tried to hold back the torrent,  until I
got my prick right at the gate of her womb.   Then  I plunged it in as
deep as it could go, stopped, and held her tight against me.

"Here you go, Jennifer!  Here comes your first load!", I crowed.   Then
I exploded inside her.

"No …", Jennifer whispered, so quiet I could hardly hear her.   Her big
blue eyes stared into mine, and then began to cream over as my sperm
pumped into her.   It came fast and heavy, thick clumps of fertile black
seed, storming down my cock and planting itself deep into her fucked
body.   I sprayed again and again, shit, I thought I’d never stop, as I
finished her off right there on the table.   Another big spurt, and her
whole body jerked.  Then another.   She went limp, and her legs stop
kicking.   It was over.   I fired one last spurt between her soft
girlish thighs, then pulled out.

I pulled my new girl off her raping table, and gave her a long hard
kiss.  She didn’t fight it.  Damn, let me tell you, she looked real
pretty standing there,  her hair a mess,  her blouse ripped open, her
skirt hanging loosely around her.   She was crying and had that vacant
raped schoolgirl look, but still looked might sexy.   I was proud to
have been the one to claim a girl like this.   On the table there was a
red spot of her lost virginity, sitting amidst a large spreading pool of
my semen.  I guess that pretty well said it all.

I cleaned my prick with her panties and then walked back out into the
hallway, checking to make sure no one was still around.   Coast looked
clear.  So I went back into the room.  Jennifer was still just standing
there, sniveling a little bit, swaying back and forth on her little
feet.   My cock leaped up again, erect and throbbing.  When Jennifer saw
it, she began to whimper again.

I put my hands on her warm slender shoulders and pushed her to her
knees.

For a moment she looked surprised, I guess she thought this was over.  
She didn’t know what studs black men were, and or how fucking hot she
made me.   Then I stuck my cock into her face.

"Give your man a blowjob, Jennifer, and make sure you swallow every
drop."

For a long second Jennifer just stared long and hard at my cock. Her big
blue eyeswere  pinned on the veined black prick that had conquered her,
and the huge hairy balls that had filled her full of triumphant nigger
seed.   More tears came to her eyes, and her whole body trembled.  But
she knew better than to resist.   My cock just got longer and harder the
more she looked at it.   It was ready for her and there was no other
choice, and this youngster knew it.

She turned her pretty young face up to me, tears coursing down her rosy
cheeks.  She hesitated, then closed her eyes tight.   Then she slowly
opened her mouth wide.

"Fucking yeh…", I muttered, as I saw my invitation and took it.   My
long black snake slithered into her mouth.   It bulged out her left
cheek, and then her right, as inch by inch I pushed it into her face.  I
grabbed her by the hair, it was long and silky soft.  Then I slowly
forced her head down onto my organ, stuffing my ugly pulsating black
meat into her innocent white face.  It chewed into her.  I could feel
her milky white teeth, and her soft warm tongue.     When there wasn’t
any action I gave her head a quick slap.  That did it:  I began to feel
suction.   Jennifer was giving the first blowjob of her life.

"Open your eyes bitch, and use your tongue", I instructed her.   She
obeyed immediately.  The suction increased, and her tongue began to rasp
up and down my cock.   Her eyes opened and stared at the thick breeding
rod between her lips.   I began to move in and out of her face, my black
prick punching between her hanging blonde hair.  The only sounds were my
satisfied grunting, the wet sucking sounds from my coed, and the slap of
my hairy balls against her cheeks.   She was now completely dedicated to
the task,  her legs curled up underneath her, her eyes staring
helplessly at my triumphant manhood, sucking and slurping on its
business end.

I thought I had died and gone to fucking heaven.  This young beauty
wouldn’t have given me the time of day normally, but now she was on her
knees blowing me like an expert.  It felt damn fine, as my cock got
sucked and stroked by her tongue.  I tried to hold it in, but there was
no way I could keep my load for long in this kind of situation.  Beside,
time was short.   So I grabbed her head with both of my hands, and
pushed my prick all the way down her throat.  She twisted and gagged,
and then my load started down to its destiny.  

Desperately she tried to pull away, but I was having none of it. I held
her little blonde head tight and then fired a full long stream directly
into her brains.  She swallowed as well as she could, but as usual with
young white girls, couldn’t keep up.   Sperm spurted from her mouth and
dribbled down her chin, staining her skirt and thighs.   I fired again,
and again, as she choked and struggled.   Then I shot my last load of
the day and pulled out of her face.   There was a red ring around my
cock, where her lips had met.  She collapsed on the floor, a look of
defeat and shock on her face,  semen oozing from the corner of her
mouth.

God damn, I felt fine.  As for Jennifer, well, she looked real good
there on the floor, her pretty face blank, her schoolgirl thighs spread,
all the spirit beat out of her.  I thought about raping her again just
for kicks, I knew she wouldn’t fight me or another injection of seed. 
Probably she would even enjoy it.   But I had accomplished all that I
wanted, and my cock was pretty worn out anyway.   I had broken this
little girl, and filled her with my potent life.  Now it was time to get
out while the getting was good.     So I said goodbye and left her.

I saw Jennifer a couple years later at the local shopping mall.   She
was still real young and pretty, but all the sparkle had gone out of her
and now she looked kind of slutish.  She was pushing a stroller, and
there inside was a black baby boy about a year old.   I checked the baby
out: black as coal, big lips, small forehead - he was mine for shit
sure.     What was weird was that she was pregnant again.  I wondered
about that until I see another black guy come up and began to walk with
her.   Now I got it.   That baby was mine, but now she was having
another baby by this here black man.   I saw a lot of that - once a
white girl is forced by a black cock, they usually come back for more.  
I could tell a lot of stories about that, but maybe some other time.  
Right now, I was too busy watching this cute pony-tailed brunette come
out of a movie, leggy in this blue and white high school cheerleader
outfit.  I followed her out to the parking lot, my cock throbbing.

