Archive-name: Affairs/share.txt
Archive-author: Dax Man
Archive-title: Wife Sharing


     The purpose of this brief article is to bring those with in-
terests in wife-sharing together via a periodic newsletter. 
Whether your interest is to actually share your wife with others 
or just fantasy, you will enjoy hearing about others just like 
yourself. If this concept interests you, please read on.

                     TAKE MY WIFE... PLEASE !

     What prompts someone to become sexually excited at the 
thought of his wife making love with another man, I'll never 
know. It may be the "variety - spice of life" concept. Maybe it's 
just that I am terribly proud of my wife and like others to be 
jealous or respectful of what I have. I used to think that I was 
alone in this dementia, until I started reading stories by other 
men than indicated that they had the same interests. As time went 
on, nothing would turn me on more than the thought of my lovely 
wife interacting with other men and showing interest in them. I 
am 44 years of age, but I could always remember thinking about 
wife swapping, voyeurism and related topics; anything that would 
bring someone else's cock into contact with Mary. She has a 
remarkable body, and when she's hot, there is no sexier woman in 
the world.

     When we were first married, at the age of 21 and 19 respec-
tively, I was never jealous. Mary was working at a restaurant in 
a tight-fitting, tan-colored uniform, and I used to get a kick 
out of how the men watched her as she would walk by with the or-
ders. She always had a great ass and heavy, perky tits that she 
carried high. Her ass would massage the fabric of her dress as it 
swayed back and forth beneath it. It made you want to pull up her 
dress and throw a cock into her each time you saw that lovely ass 
move. I could actually see some of the men getting hard-ons and 
touching themselves when they thought that no one was looking. 
One truck driver that used to come in to the place once actually 
had a climax while eating his breakfast. I just sat there with a 
hard-on and wished he was fucking her.

     From there she went to work in an electrical assembly plant. 
The plant was evenly divided between men and women. Mary got 
somewhat enamored by some man by the name of Art. Had he played 
his cards right, she would have fucked his brains out and sucked 
every drop of cum from his balls. He turned out to be an drug de-
pendent ass-hole, and Mary didn't want to have anything to do 
with him. 

     Until she found out he was a jerk, she used to come home and 
share their conversations and what she wanted to do with him. 
Even then she knew that I wanted her to become excited by other 
men. She would tell me of her intended adventures, and I would 
fuck her like a wild animal. Her excitement was always enhanced 
by it as well.

     Mary does love to excite some of my friends. She will tease 
them by shaking her firm breasts at them and sometimes rubbing 
her tight, round ass on them. She has necked with a few of them, 
touched their hard cocks and they have touched her with her 
clothes on. Hopefully, this will prompt her on to greater 
heights. I want her to suck on their hard cocks and feel them be-
tween her legs. I want them to squeeze her firm, naked breasts, 
suck her large pink nipples between their teeth and put their 
strong, quivering hands on her tight buttocks.

     She has never actually had the nerve to take another man's 
cock into her until recently. She knows that I want her to do 
this, and she promises that soon she will. She is beginning to 
get excited at the thought of it. I got her a package of rubbers 
that she carries with her now, and she is actively seeking 
someone that she wants to lose her "fidelity cherry" to.

     As excited as this entire scenario makes me, I am sure that 
others would like to hear about it, talk about it, show photos of 
their wife or simply fantasize about it. It is toward this most 
exciting end that I am writing this brief article and hope to of-
fer a newsletter to similar men or women if the interest is 
there.

     For those of you who care to become connected with other men 
or women who want to share their significant others, this service 
will be made available. If you want to show your spouse or friend 
off, you may do so via photograph with their permission. If you 
want to write and share your experiences, you may be the winner 
of a writing contest. You can use your own names or change them 
in the story to protect your anonymity. If you just want to con-
tinue to fantasize, feel free to do it and never go beyond that 
point. The intent of this newsletter is to remain informal and to 
entertain our mutual interest. I guess the bottom line is.... En-
joy !

     We will maintain a list of BBS stories that are exclusively 
related to Wife Sharing and related topics. Send lists, your 
stories, photos and requests to Dax Man on Rusty and Edie's BBS 
(216)726-2620 or mail them to:

Dax German
P.O. Box 3533
Boardman, Ohio 44513

     Material will not be returned unless specifically requested 
and accompanied by a return envelope and correct postage. 

     Feel free to send text in hard copy, 3.5" diskettes or 5.25" 
diskettes. Photos will be scanned and added to your stories or 
advertisements. Suggestions are very welcome. I would like to im-
prove the hobby as much as possible. If you want to be on the 
mailing list for the newsletter, let me know. I don't care to 
make any money on the venture. I just want to increase the ex-
citement for others as well as myself.

--
