  "Do you think an enema would help?" I asked, barely able to contain my
excitement.

  "Yea!" Shawn said with conviction, "I know it will."

  "well, I suppose I could give you one, ... but you can't tell anyone, it
wouldn't seem right, you know."

  "I wouldn't tell anyone. Nobody but you even knows I get enemas."

  "Ok then," I said, getting up. "Come with me, and we'll fix you right up."

  I lead the way to the closet, opened it up and retrieved the 3oz enema
bulb and a jar of Vaseline. My penis was already almost fully erect as we
entered the bathroom. I had never given an enema to a young boy before, this
was going to be a treat!

  Shawn watched me as I started to draw water into the basin. After checking
to see that I had the right temperature, I picked up a bar of soap and
started to mix it around in the water.

  "Does your mom generally use soap in your enema? I inquired.

  "Yup," came the reply, "and sometimes she puts a little salt in too for
some reason."

  "Well, we'll leave the salt out for this one I think. The soap should work
just fine."

  When I was satisfied with the soapiness of the water, I rinsed my hands
and reached for the enema bulb. After rinsing it out a few times, I filled
it full of the soapy liquid and placed it on the edge of the bathtub.

  "It looks like we're about ready." I said, turning to Shawn.

  The boy was staring at the loaded bulb syringe that was awaiting him. I
took hold of his shoulders and gently guided him over to the tub. Then,
placing a towel on my lap, I said: "In order to do this right, you have to
pull your pants down, you know."

  "Uh-huh." Shawn said, still eyeing the enema. I noticed now that one of
his hands was busy rubbing at the front of his shorts. It was obvious that
he had more on his mind than just relief of his "tummy ache".

  "Let me help you." I said, taking his T-shirt and pushing it up around his
chest. Shawn made no move to lower his shorts, so I took it upon myself to
undress the lad. As I inserted my fingers into the waistband of his shorts,
I felt the smooth white skin of his young body. Slowly I worked them down
his legs to the floor. Shawn was now standing there with only his white
cotton briefs covering his young body. He was still slightly rubbing his
penis through his underpants, and obviously very much enjoying the
sensation.

  "Are you ready Shawn?" I asked him.

  Shawn just nodded his head and I saw that he was beginning to breath very
heavily. I reached for his underpants and started to slide them down his
body. As Shawn's pubic area slowly came into view, I noticed that his small
penis was fully erect, sticking out from his body like a miniature soldier
at attention. It was about 2 1/2  inches in length, and about as big around as
my thumb. His small testicles were in a tight, pink little ball held close
in between his legs. He had no hair at all around his young cock and balls
and, even though he had not yet reached puberty, he had definitely enjoyed
the rubbing that he had been doing. Tentatively, I reached out my hand and
started stroking his young erection with my fingers. His young boyhood
throbbed as I stroked the skin up and down. With my other hand, I started to
tickle his little testicles. Shawn stood there enjoying the feelings between
his legs as I fondled him.

  "I'll bet this feels pretty good to you doesn't it? I said.

  "Uh-huh" Shawn said, standing there now totally exposed to me.

  "Well, let's get this enema into you, them maybe we can take care of
this." I said giving his penis a gentle squeeze.

  "Come on now, and lie across my lap." I said, removing my hands from
between his legs.

  Shawn pulled his underpants down all the way to his ankles, then stepped
entirely out of them and his shorts. Completely naked now from the waist
down, the boy bent forward and placed himself face down across my knees. I
put my hand on his soft bottom to help scoot up and get him into position.

  I could feel his rock hard penis against my leg as he lay there on my lap
awaiting his enema. I moved my leg back and forth to stimulate him even
more, and was rewarded with a slight moan of pleasure from the boy.

  I then reached for the enema that was sitting on the edge of the tub, put
a small dab of Vaseline on the tip, and got ready for the initial insertion.
Putting my hand gently on Shawn's smooth buttocks, I worked my fingers into
the crack between the two white globes and spread them apart to expose his
pink puckered anus.

  "Here we go." I said as I placed the tip of the enema syringe against the
entrance to the boy's rectum. I saw Shawn look back over his shoulder as I
gently pushed the tip of the enema bulb deep into him. He stiffened a little
as it entered his tight little hole, but he offered no verbal complaints. I
heard him take a sharp breath as I started squeezing the enema, sending the
water into his bowels. When the bulb was empty, I withdrew it and refilled
it with more soapy water. I noticed a small bit of water start to escape
from him and said,

  "Concentrate Shawn. Remember, you have to hold the water in!"

  "I am, but I'm feeling real funny down there!" He said as I felt his rear
end tighten up to hold the water in.

  "I know, " I said reassuringly, "It won't take very long. How much does
your mother usually give you?" I asked.

  "She usually sticks it in at least two or three times." Shawn replied. I
saw his buttocks twitch just a bit as I re-inserted the enema tip.

  "Let me know when you seem full." I said to him.

  I emptied the bulb twice more into the boy before he indicated that he had
had enough. I kept him lying across my lap for a couple minutes, while
holding his small rump. I was able to hold his cheeks together tightly and
still work a couple of my fingers down between his legs to tickle his
scrotum while we were waiting. Soon, I let him stand up, but kept my hand on
his rear end to help him hold the water.

  His penis was still fully erect, its small purple head throbbing with each
breath that the boy took. I again placed my fingers around it and started to
stroke it up and down. Between trying to hold the enema water and the
feelings between his legs, Shawn was starting to tremble a little. I figured
that he was going to reach orgasm soon, (as much of an orgasm as a ten year
old can experience anyway), so I decided to let him go to the bathroom
rather than have him loose his water all over the floor. I guided him over
to the toilet and let him sit down. I was immediately rewarded with the
sound of the enema water splashing from him into the bowel. When he was done
and wiped clean, I had him come over to me. I then pulled off his shirt and
had him sit on my lap.

  "How do you feel now, Shawn?" I asked, starting to stroke his still erect
penis.

  "Much better." He said, sounding rather tired.

  "That's good. Now I'm going to make you feel real good. Just relax." I
started to stroke him harder now and as I continued, I noticed that he was
breathing harder that ever.

  "Do you rub yourself between your legs a lot?" I asked him.

  "Usually only when I'm by myself" he managed to say. "My mother doesn't
like me to do it, but it feels real good."

  "I know it does." I said. "Have you ever heard of a 'blow job'?" I asked
him.

  "sure, that's when someone sucks on your dick, right?"

  "Yes," I said, "Has anyone ever sucked on you before?"

  "Me and my friend Tommy suck each other some times." Shawn said, starting
to move his hips around as he was growing closer to orgasm.

  "Would you like me to suck your penis?" I asked him.

  "Sure! That'd be neat, Then I'll do you!"

  So saying, I stood him up, and the knelt down between his legs, facing his
now pulsating cock. I leaned forward and licked around his hairless pubic
area, then I gently sucked on his tight little scrotal sack. His little
penis jumped each time my tongue made contact with his warm flesh. I thn
put my mouth over the head of his cock and began to suck on him. After only
a minute or so of this, I heard Shawn sigh deeply, and felt his penis jump
inside my mouth. His whole body then went limp, and I had to almost hold him
up as he stood there panting after his orgasm.

  "I never felt like that before" He was saying.

  "You never had an orgasm before?" I asked surprised.

  "I don't know, it always used to tickle like that around my dick and my
stomac, but it never felt THAT good" He said.

  "Don't worry, it's normal. You'll be feeling that more and more often as
you get older. Come on now, we have to get you dressed. It wouldn't be good
for anyone to find me with a naked ten year old boy in my house."

  So saying, I took his underpants and held them out for him. Shawn stepped
into them and I pulled them up his body. Next, his shorts, and finally, his
T-shirt.

  When he was fully dressed, I placed my hand between his legs and rubbed
his now soft little boy's penis saying, "Well, you know, if you ever need
another enema, just come on over and I'm sure we can fix you up. Would you
like that?"

  Shawn just smiled and gave me a big hug.



