SHERRY'S SEXUAL STORY




SHERRY'S FIRST SEX EXPERIENCE.                      

      Sherry was a timid 12 year old girl.  She did not know much about boys.
She had just started to notice that her body was changing, her chest growing 
and hair between her legs. This change was all  new to her.
       One night she was in her room while her 16 year old sister was 
baby-sitting her.  She was getting ready to go to bed.  She usually wore her 
baby blue nightgown to bed, but tonight she decided to sleep as Kim did, in 
the nude.  She found the idea a little exciting.  
       As she got in, she started to explore her newly developed body.  
First, she started to feel her breast.  Her tits were soft and supple.  
The touch of her hand there made her nipples erect.  Her whole body started 
to feel a little tingle.  This was a new sensation.
       As her nipples became more erect, she felt a warm sensation between 
her legs.  She took one of her hands and felt down there.  It had felt wet.   
Having her hand touch there felt good.  She started to rub there and it 
felt even better.
       She had not noticed that she had started to moan with pleasure.  
It was a very soft sound and she thought no one would be able to hear her, 
but she was wrong.
       As her sister Kim came to her room to check on her younger sister, she 
heard the moans.  She very quietly opened the door a crack and saw what her 
sister was doing.  She sat and watched for about 5 minutes while  her sister 
played with her pussy and felt her tits.
       After a while Kim opened the door the full way.  This startled Sherry 
and she quickly covered herself up with a blanket.   She had hoped that her 
sister did not catch her doing what she was doing. 
       "Don't be afraid Sherry." Kim said.  "I saw what you were doing and
its natural for a girl to start exploring her body when they turn about your 
age."
        "I was not doing anything." Sherry said.  "Leave me alone.  You 
shouldn't come in here without knocking."
        "I saw you feeling your pussy.  Don't deny it.  Many girls 
masturbate.  There is nothing to be ashamed of." Kim said.
        "I don't have a cat in here.  And what does masturbating mean?" 
Sherry asked.
        "Your pussy is the thing between your legs. Masturbation  is  when a
person rubs there private parts." Kim said.
         "You mean that its OK for a girl to explore her body.  Some kids at 
school say that is wrong to do. That it is dirty and disgusting to touch your 
own body." Sherry said softly.
         "Trust me, its natural." Kim said.  "Let me show you how to really 
explore your body.  Its real fun to do.  I have done it many times. Let me go 
get my box of toys."
          Kim left the room for a short time.  Sherry wondered what types of 
toys her sister could have.  She thought her sister was a little old for
toys.  
          When Kim came back, she gave a box to Sherry.  Sherry looked in it 
and saw an assortment on strange looking things.   One looked like a fat 
plastic pencil.  Another looked like a plastic toy with a strange head on 
both ends of it.  Sherry pointed to the plastic pencil. "What is this?" She 
asked.
          "Its called a vibrator." Kim answered. "You put it on your pussy.  
It makes it feel real good.  Here, let me show you how to use it."
         Kim started to take off only her jeans and panties.  Sherry noticed 
that between her sisters' legs was very hairy.  She looked at her own which 
had very little hair.  This interested Sherry very much.
          Kim lay opposite of her sister.  Sherry had a good look at her 
sisters big pussy.  It sure looked nice. Sherry hoped that her pussy could 
look like that one day.
         Kim put the vibrator on her pussy and turned it on.  It made a small 
humming noise.  This startled Sherry.  "Its alive!" Sherry exclaimed.
         Kim let out a small laugh.  "It runs on batteries.  It vibrates 
around your pussy.  See how I am running it up and down my pussy.  Look in
the box.  There should be another one in there.  A smaller one that should be 
right just for your small pussy.".
          Sherry looked in the box and found it.  She took it out and looked 
at it.  She was not sure about this, but she noticed her sister looked as if 
she was enjoying herself.  Sherry turned it on and imitated her sister.  Soon 
she was feeling real nice.
          "Now be sure to get your pussy real wet by rubbing the vibrator 
around your pussy.  This will help with what we are about to do." Kim said.  
She hoped her sister would not be afraid to do what was coming up.
          Sherry felt the vibrator rub up and down her pussy.  She was 
getting real wet.  "What are we about to do?" Sherry asked softly.
         "Watch what I do with the vibrator" Kim told her.  She took the 
vibrator and stuck it up her pussy.  She let out a soft moan of pleasure.  
She hoped her sister would be able to do the same.
          Sherry took her small vibrator and placed it in her pussy.  It hurt 
at first and some blood came out of her.  This really scared Sherry, but it 
felt good.  "What happened?"  She asked.
         Kim told her "You just broke your cherry.  I know it hurt some, but 
keep that vibrator inside you."
         Kim took the vibrator out of her pussy and turned around to where 
she was right by her young 12 year old sister.  Kim gave her a kiss on the 
lips. "Don't worry, it will be OK."
          Sherry did not know what to think of the kiss.  She had seen boys 
and girls at school kiss on the lips, but never two girls.  This was making 
her pussy even feel more wet.
          The vibrator was still in Sherry.  It really felt good.  Soon her 
hips were moving wildly and a big rush hit her.  This was something totally 
new to her and she loved it.  She did not want it to end.  She started to 
scream "Ohhhhhhhhhhh my god!!!!!!!   It feels so great."
         Kim said "Yes, it is fucking great when you have an orgasm isn't 
it?  Take the vibrator out of you.  I want to feel you up."
         Sherry took the vibrator out and her sister's hand replaced it.  
"That feels real good.  Will you kiss me again.  I really enjoyed that."
         "Open your mouth a little and I will show you how to French Kiss.  
Its a wonderful thing to do." Kim said. Kim really wanted to make out with
her little sister.  She wanted to show Sherry all sorts of things,and Sherry 
was willing to learn.
          Kim took her tongue and placed it in Sherry's mouth. This, along 
with Kim's hand up her pussy made Sherry real exited.  Before too long she
had another orgasm.  It felt better then the first.
     Kim withdrew her hand and tongue.  She took the big vibrator and placed 
it back in her pussy.  "Now watch your sister have an orgasm.  I will 
show you how to do it right."
           Kim rubbed the vibrator up and down her clit.  It took a while to 
get her pussy wet.  She rubbed it up and down and finally put it in her.  She 
stuck it in deep and after 5 minutes she was having an orgasm.  She stared to 
buck her hips and scream "FUCK ME!!!!    FUCK ME!!!!!    FUCK ME!!!!!  THIS 
FEELS SO FUCKING GOOD.  FUCK!!!!!!!  "
           When Kim  finished, Sherry asked "Can you show me other things?  I 
           am anxious to learn."
            Kim said "What you need is a man to show you some things.  You 
need a man to fuck you.  Daddy is good at that.  I really enjoy having him 
fuck me"
            "What's fucking?" Sherry asked.
             "Its when a man takes what he has and sticks it in where the 
vibrator was.  I firsts learned it when I watched Daddy and Mommy do it.  
Then Daddy did it to me.  It was my first fuck and it was great.  When They 
get home I will tell them you are ready to learn about sex.  Maybe they will 
let you join them in their bedroom tonight.  I sometimes join them and its 
real fun."
             "I cant wait." Sherry said. 
