Archive-name: Casual/shower.txt
Archive-author: Vermillion
Archive-title: Shower


She was standing in the bathroom powdering and rubbing lotion
onto her legs.  She had a dark towel wrapped around her body and
another around her head.  The bathroom was warm and steamy from
the shower as she wiped the mirror to look at herself.  Thoughts
about today's presentation were running through her head.  She
was excited about the topic, and felt good about the work it
represented.  Lipstick, she thought, a little lipstick.  The
shower door opened, and she turned to kiss her lover.  "Open your
towel" he said, in a low voice.  Her mind, somewhere else, came
skidding back to his words, "Huh?" She was a little confused. 
"Open your towel" he said again, pantomiming what he wanted her
to do, holding his hands wide.  She blushed and shook her head
no.  "Yes" he said, simply, a command.  She undid the towel,
embarrassed, her mind filled with thoughts of being too heavy and
being unattractive.  "Wider" he said.  And she complied, not
raising her eyes.  He murmured something appreciative, but she
barely heard.  One warm finger traced a line from nipple to just
below her navel.  "Beautiful" was his last word as he walked past
her, out into the bedroom.  She stood there, nude and shaking for
a moment as he shut the door.  Only after he had gone, did she
realize he was naked, too, but she hadn't even noticed.

--
