"Sisterly Love"
Volume I II
 
I. Closet Connections
 
 Any of my friends could tell you the story behind my closet.
My sisters room is adjacent to mine on the left. Her facing wall
is the closing wall of my closet. The only thing that makes this
arrangement different than usual is that as long as I remember
there had been a hole in the wall sharing our rooms. Apparently
it was drilled for some wiring reason...I think the telephone
cable used to run through it. Anyhow, this quarter inch hole was
quite unnoticeable, it was about a foot from the floor and, as I
said, was only a quarter inch at best in diameter. At first I
saw no use for this hole and was going to cover it up just for
looks. Until one evening, I was in my closet looking for an
record and heard my sister's door close loudly. For some reason
I thought about the hole and bent down to the floor and looked
through it. At first I could only see what appeared to be
carpet. I adjusted my position and it turned out that I could
pretty much see my sister's entire room. I learned that a small
hole can provide a large viewing field. I didn't see anyone in
the room as I panned around. I heard metal sounds and I
reasoned that my sister, Cathy, was around her closet( one of the
only blind spots ). I continued my spying and finally managed to
see what appeared to be some body part. After some thought, I
recognized the flesh as my sister's leg. I kept an eye on the
leg until finally she moved into view. My sister walked over and
sat down at her dresser. She was wrapped only in a towel,
apparently she just finished a shower. It was at that moment I
realized the possibilities. The obvious private view of my
sister was intriguing but it also meant the spying of those who
stayed in my sister's room. This included her friends as well as
guests! My sister was still at her dresser doing something to
her nails. I continued to watch her for many minutes then left
for a few moments to rest my eye. I returned shortly after and
took my position on the floor. My first view this time was of
knees. My sister's legs walked back deeper in her room and
allowed my best view yet. She still had the towel on and a bra
in her hand. The anticipation was tremendous! About five
seconds later, Cathy took off the towel and dropped it to the
floor. My eye focused intently on her beautiful body. I had
seen my sister nude many times before by casual living with her
but it had been a year or two; and never was I free to scrutinize
at her form. My immediate observation was my sister's breasts.
They had grown significantly since I had seen them last. They
were still quite lacking, but they looked good on her. The hair
between her legs was strikingly black and full. Her hair was so
placed that it began to creep up to her belly. My heart was
pounding now and I could feel my excitement in my pants. Cathy
took to the bed and sat down and looked around for seconds. I
withdrew my eye in case she might see it. That is when I began
to worry rather she could see me as easy as I could see her. I
would look later for myself and find that it was near impossible
to see me in the closet, even in bright lighting. I returned and
watched as my sister adjusted her neck and began to trace her
breast with her fingers. She played a seconds around her nipple
and then took the bra and put it on. I switched immediately to
viewing her remaining nudity. Her legs were pressed together and
hid her darkness. I saw no underwear near her and anticipated
her standing up soon. She seemed to be looking out the window,
daydreaming. She did get up eventually and walked out of view.
I rested for a moment and returned back to the show. Cathy was
back on the bed much in the same position she was before. She
reached over to her night stand and took some small object from
it. After squinting I noticed it was nail clippers. I realized
if she assumed the normal method of clipping her toe nails that I
would see a very nice view. Sure enough, her right knee went up
and she rested her foot on the edge of the bed. As she elevated
her knee a dark patch of pussy hair appeared slowly. This view
was too much. Her knee stretched her pussy tightly upward and
her black hair crept around the form of her lips. I didn't even
notice her nail clipping as I eyed her lovely body. She shifted
leftward only to give me a better view! I could see the
slightest beginnings of her asshole. Her well grown pussy hair
stuck all around her butt hole. She alternated feet and then she
finished clipping. I was already quite pleased. When she was
done, she looked down at her belly and caressed her legs as she
again daydreamed. Her innocent actions were enough to turn any
guy on. Just seeing her sexy body in everyday situations was
exciting. I couldn't help but to wonder the extent that I would
see ultimately. I knew a little about sexual behavior at that
age. I was only slightly younger than my sister and knew my
behavior. I thought how I masturbated frequently at my age, and
knew that girls, too, masturbate. They deny it, but it is true.
Later incidents proved it. I waited for the moment she chose.
 I continued to watch her every chance I had. After showers
I would make excuses to go to my room and then go to my closet.
Much of the same happened frequently; sometimes better and
sometimes ordinary activity. One evening a friend of my sister
was to sleep over. Julie Messina, a long time friend of Cathy's.
She was attractive...enough. I was looking forward to seeing if
the hole would pay off. My parents had left for the night. My
sister and Julie retired to Cathy's room where an extra bed was
set up. I took my position. They were both on the roll away bed
talking about something. Sound is one thing the hole lacked.
They continued to talk for well over a half hour. I took
intermittent breaks from the action and then returned. Around
eleven o'clock my sister emerged from her room looking for me. I
got away in time and acted as if I was watching TV. She told me
that she was going to shower and for me to get Julie something if
she wanted it. I agreed. My sister left the room and I
scrambled over to the hole. I noticed my penis was quite hard
and hoped that Cathy hadn't seen it earlier. Anyhow, my sister
threw some clothes on the bed and spoke to Julie for a moment. I
heard the door close and my sister went over to the roll away and
sat on the corner as she continued to speak to Julie. My sister
began to undress while talking to Julie. I had always admired
how girls find it so easy to undress in the presence of other
females. Soon my sister was nude next to Julie. This was a real
turn on even though Julie was dressed. The hole allowed me to
see even things that my sister couldn't see. For example, not
surprisingly, Julie pretended not be embarrassed by Cathy's
nudity, and acted uninterested in looking her way while talking
to her. However, my sister dropped her brush on the floor next
to her and while my sister bent down to pick it up, Julie quickly
assessed my sister's whole body. I saw her scan her body from
breast to puss in a glance, as I would if it was a guy, I guess.
This is simply an act of y....proven right then. I knew how
Julie felt; she had recently entered her maturing years and was
just making sure that she was normal. Cathy got up and wrapped
herself in a towel. She left for the shower. Julie remained on
the bed and looked around. She glanced at her reflection in the
mirror on the wall. She propped her hair and fixed her
collar....she was just posing for herself, to see how she looked.
I found it interesting to see how people act in private...or when
they think they're in private. Many un allowed actions take
place. For example, I was viewing Julie when she began to pick
her nose. I though to myself how unfeminine but realized she was
human after all. She did however, quite mannerly, put her finds
in a tissue and threw it in the trash. It had been a few minutes
now and Julie stood up. Again, acting on her privacy, Julie
began to look through my sister's dresser drawers; and again, I
could relate to this behavior. She finished and sat back on the
bed. She leaned up and scratched her ass though her Brendas. I
heard the shower stop and footsteps followed in the hall. My
sister's door closed again and Cathy came into view. Her good
ole towel was around her. She talked to her friend as she
prepared herself at the mirror. As usual, even though Cathy was
covered, Julie pretended to look away. I began to appreciate
Julie more now that I could see her private feelings. A few
minutes later Cathy returned next to Julie on the bed and was
putting some Clearasil* on her face. It's unbelievable what
women do after a shower. Julie sat the whole while looking
around the room agreeing unconsciously to my sister's remarks.
Cathy unwrapped herself from her towel and I realized I was
becoming tolerant to her nude body. I no longer "wowed" when I
saw her naked. This time, Julie stared at Cathy as she talked.
This is a defense reaction in which she "is making sure Cathy
doesn't think she feels embarrassed by doing otherwise". My
sister, too, showed some interesting behavior. As Julie talked,
Cathy turned and positioned herself clearly her direction. This
was my sister showing her confidence in her body. I couldn't
make out the conversation, but my sister took her own breasts in
her palms and made a "look how small remark". Julie giggled and
made the "Yeh...me too.." response. Julie, indeed, looked much
like my sister, aside from her face. In fact, I pictured Julie's
body much like Cathy's. They continued the discussion longer.
Cathy looked at Julie and asked her something. Julie shook her
head and responded negatively. My sister used persuasion tactics
on Julie until she agreed; at what I didn't know. Moments after,
Julie quickly removed her T shirt. I was surprised at the least!
She had no bra and her keeping true to my expectation showed me
tits much like Cathy. I realized shortly that the two girls were
"comparing". Neither of them probably had seen each other nude
before...they both felt unsure about they're stature of normality
and wanted to prove, mostly to themselves, their very femininity.
Julie had dark nipples, almost dark brown whereas Cathy was quite
reddish. Cathy not only was topless, rather quite nude. It was
almost too much for me seeing those two lovely forms. I was
ready to call it a night...I thought they were ready to go to
sleep, and I was more than ready to "relieve my sexual pressure".
I was about to turn away but checked on last time. Good thing.
Julie was standing now, shaking off her Brendas. Her underwear
was bright red and showed quite a bulge in her V area. I suppose
Cathy had persuaded Julie to "learn" all she can from the
comparison....get the total result. I didn't think anyone could
compare to my sister for pussy hair growth. Cathy rested her
elbow on the bed as she watched her nervous friend undress.
Cathy, too, was nervous, her hand was shaking and she looked less
than at ease. If I were my sister I might have had doubts of
whether I had too much pussy hair, and I concluded this was the
purpose of my sister's persuasion. Julie shook her head telling
that she wasn't going to take off her underwear. Cathy
sighed, shook her head and made gestures of her bareness. My
sister stood and approached her friend. I was watching closely
now. My sister reached for Julie underwear and was apparently
going to help it off her. Julie quickly pushed Cathy's arms away
and made gestures that she would do it herself. Julie slid her
panties down but a few inches showing her whole pussy but left
her panties up around her thighs. It was easy to see Julies
pussy against the contrast of her bright red panties. I was
wrong in my estimate of Julie's coloring. Julie's head was
styled with straight black hair, but her pussy was coated with
bunches of red hair twined in a mass of brown fur. As for
quantity...I was right on the money. She had a very impressive
bush. One striking thing was how Julie's pussy seemed to "stick
out" more than my sister's. I wasn't sure of the reason but it
looked natural. Julie took a step back and let her panties fall
to the floor leaving her fully nude,save her socks. The two
girls admired each other and complimented in unison. My sister
leaned over and flicked Julie's belly with her forefinger; then
reached over and got her clothes from the bed. They both quickly
dressed and the lights went out for the night. I was very happy
but needed relief. I masturbated right there and then, too, went
to sleep.
 The next morning I sat in bed and wondered at the
possibilities of the "hole". The night before with Julie and
Cathy was just what I hoped would come of it. I thought of all
the possibilities that this innovation could bring. Of all the
hopes, the following paragraphs describe, perhaps, the most
exciting and arousing of all the events that occurred behind my
sister's wall.
 A few weeks had passed since the night Julie slept over and
many a night between my sister amazed me with her beauty. I kept
thinking the odds were highly in my favor of catching my sister
in the most secret act of sensuality...self pleasure, the act of
masturbation. I knew she did it, all humans do it. This night
turned out to be the night where the odds played nature.
Luckily, so as to not run interference, my parents were already
out for the night. I could almost sense earlier in the evening
that this would be the night. My parents gone now, and I learned
that Cathy was not going for the night. I saw and watched
television with my sister during the start of the night. It was
a movie with quite explicit sexual scenes and in my mind I knew
this sparked my sister's sexual drive....whether she knew it or
not. Sure enough, as soon as the movie ended Cathy excused
herself to her room. Surprisingly, she didn't shut the door all
the way, but rather left it cracked very slightly; perhaps by
mistake. Either way, it mattered not, for the hole was superior
for viewing. As I took my place in the closet I focused on my
sister lying on her bed. Her futile attempts to relieve her
boredom weren't strong enough to ward off her want deep in her
mind. I knew it and was right, for Cathy soon put down a book
she was barely reading and gazed at the ceiling. She arose and
left my view for a minute or so. I heard her door open so I
quickly ran to my bed and acted innocent. Cathy entered my room.
She had changed now, wearing just a T-shirt and underwear. She
told me was going to sleep even though it was early. I acted
uncaring and persuaded her off to bed. As she left I regained my
position in the closet. To my dismay, however, her bedroom light
went out and the rustle of her sheets could be heard. I thought
this can't be...I was sure this was the night. Just when I was
about to leave in disappointment, a light broke on, from her
dresser next to her bed, and Cathy's form shone against the
strong bulb. She was not under her sheet at all, rather her
sheets were thrown to the floor and on the bed lay my sister. I
watched as she reached down the crack of her bed and felt around
for something. Cathy pulled from the crack a bottle; not a
glass bottle but more of a container. I was really excited now
in anticipation. I had never seen my sis masturbate before, of
course, and I was ready for learning. Cathy placed the bottle
next to her on the bed and slowly pulled off her T shirt. Only
her panties remained and her soft chest looked wondrous in the
light. She did not remove her underwear, instead my sister began
to caress her small breasts. I wondered if this was a ritual,
something she did every time or just spontaneous. I was
interested in her behavior and how it might compare to other
girls. I have known Cathy to be a sexual free spirit ;her
explorations with Julie and other times I have seen my sister act
quite creative in her secrecy. Actually once I did see my sister
finger herself, but it was not in seeking self pleasure, rather,
she was putting in a tampon. That sight was almost too explicit
to handle. Anyhow, now Cathy had stopped her caresses and took
the bottle into her hand. She rose the bottle to her chest and
allowed a few drops of liquid to fall to her warm chest. I
wasn't sure what the liquid was, but it was not water for it was
too consistent. I guessed it was baby oil and later found to be
correct. My sister again put down the bottle and began to spread
evenly the lubricant over her tits and her belly. A few times
she seemed to be glanced over toward me, but I knew this was only
a coincidence and it didn't bother me. Actually, this turned me
on in way, knowing she couldn't see me as I stared directly at
her. Cathy licked her lips as she went through the motions of a
woman in ecstasy. In her mind I could almost feel what she was
going through. She was playing her ideal experience out, with
full vigor. As her fingernails glided across her nipples her
mouth opened wide and closed with all but silent moans of
enjoyment. I was curious as to how kinky she would get. So far,
she was quite conservative, or normal, in her secrecy. My sis's
rubbing grew lower now, and soon her chest no longer satisfied
her needs. I could hardly breathe as Cathy slid a hand beneath
the lining of her slight underwear. One hand massaged under her
underwear as the other still played her tits. It was an art,
like none other. She continued in the same fashion for a minute
tops then laid her arms at her side. From all the activity her
panties had become quite wrinkled and unfit and had been inched
slightly down her thighs. The very beginnings of her impressive
pussy began to show form. With fervor, a sudden action by my
sister, and her underpants were down to her knees. Her black
hairs were amess. I watched as my sister with closed eyes began
to work on her body, like only a master could. She was indeed
quite creative for now she took to sucking her forefinger in
replacement of a male penis. In her mind, surely she believed it
was the real thing. Her free hand reached around under her back
and pulled and stretched her butt cheeks apart. I followed her
forefinger from her mouth down to her pussy where it was inserted
barely below the skin of lips. It came back up and now she took
it again into her mouth. This made me begin to ooze in my pants.
My sister had began to repeat this process feverishly and must
have scooped up her juices ten times before moving on. I
thought, "did she come already?". Surely she couldn't have or
at least did not appear to have shown the face of orgasm yet.
With both hands she took the oil and spilled a large portion
between her legs, closer to her thighs but still near her vagina.
Cathy rolled over and faced the wall across from me. Her back to
my face meant the optimum view of her ass. I hoped that she
would not stay in this position during the whole act for her
vagina was hidden from view. The oil once applied to her upper
thighs now crept down the crack in her ass. Her bed was getting
messy now as the oil dripped off her butt cheeks onto the sheet.
Cathy's horniness surprised me as she reached down and lifted her
upper leg high into the air. Her back still to me, and her
spread legs revealed a view between her legs that everyone should
see. Soon her fingers appeared and slid across the moistness of
her pussy. I watched in amazement as her ring finger bobbed in
and out of her dirty asshole. I was almost sickened when later
she took the same finger in her mouth! Her cunt had begun to
open, as if her masturbation was actually a ritual in order to
get to a great land. Nearing what must be her climax, my sister
had sunk two finger a few inches into her vagina lips. With
great care she pumped her fingers in and out from her vagina skin
and each time got deeper. Faster, and faster she worked until
she must have had an orgasm. I couldn't tell from my view but
all activity had stopped. Her face was flushed and she seemed
full of life like I had never seen. Her leg nearest me was
propped up and prevented me from seeing her puss. As she rolled
over to me, her fingers were still pressed between the burning
flesh clitoris. Her eyes opened as she slowly popped her fingers
free from heaven. Much like glue, trails of cum dangled from her
fingers and snapped back towards her tangled pussy hair. Her
orgasm oozed from her blood red lips and ran like a river down
towards her asshole. Cathy looked at her cum spotted fingers for
quite a while as if she wasn't sure where to place her mess. I
said to myself, "you can't put it back", as my sister attempted
to wipe off the juice in the hair of her pussy. Cathy scooped up
an even larger mass of stringy goo and brought it near her face.
She took it near her nose and seemed to smell her juice like it
were a drug. With disbelief and erotic enjoyment I choked as my
sister happily licked clean her fingers. Quite thoroughly, her
tongued rounded her fingers until they clean of her orgasm. She
laid still for about five minutes after that and daydreamed. She
still had not cleaned up and I was really excited. I decided it
was time to make a rude interruption. I removed my clothes down
to my underwear. I was almost in a trance myself, for my hard
penis was obviously noticeable in my underwear. I had the
perfect plan however. I was surely going to catch my sister off
guard and she had no where to hide...her sheets were on the floor
and the oil was at her side. Not to mention the wet bed, her cum
still topped much of her belly and was laced between her pussy
hair. Even turning away would give her up since some cum fell
between her legs down toward her asshole. I made up mind and
walked towards my sister's room. Before opening the cracked
door, I looked at my penis, which was now pulsing with
anticipation. But wait, I though what would I tell her my reason
for entering. Without much thought; my excuse was, "Oh...I saw
your light on and wanted to know if you wanted to watch Lettermen
with me since you were up.". Perfect. With that I barged in on
my sister allay nude. Spastically her body jumped as she looked
frightfully at me. Her eyes bulged wide and her mouth ready and
searching for an excuse. I read her my prepared line and waited
to hear her reply. Giving up, she didn't even try to cover
herself for it was hopeless. I made it obvious that I was
staring at the streaks of wetness that covered her belly and
pussy. She shook her head and still lay there without answer.
I think my erection actually helped ease her, for she noticed it
and now shared a link of humiliation with me. Mine, however, not
quite at the level of her. I stood and looked at her and my
already primed penis popped from the tip of my underwear. I
wasn't embarrassed but instead horny as hell and was glad to be
able to show off without fear of persecution. This sex guided me
mindless and my sister's helplessness made play out my
spontaneous thoughts. Without thinking I slid off my underwear.
My hard dick pointed up towards my naval. Cathy seemed as if she
expected it, and made no gesture of surprise. I took my hot cock
in my hand and began to rub it. As I rubbed, I looked at my
sister's tired body. I had the feeling I was doing her a favor,
as if I could rectify her humiliation by giving her the same
chance at secrecy revealed. My sister leaned up and rested her
head on her shoulder as I continued to masturbate. I looked at
her, a small grin came on her face as she waited for me to
finish. She understood my action, maybe better than I. Cathy is
a smart girl, in these matters at least, and I felt comfortable
doing this unspeakable action in front of her. Cathy, ever
forgiving, and equally helpful, waited patiently for my orgasm.
For the first time in my life I couldn't come. What was wrong I
didn't know...surely the situation dictated it. Perhaps I was
too nervous? I gave up after a minute or so and put my head down.
I was close to my sis now, and Cathy still had no reply. She
sighed and looked at me. She spoke softly and laughed quaintly
as the words came out, "What can I say? You caught me. No
doubt. Baby, I'm glad you took it well. And now you....well, I
guess we both needed it tonight.......I'm gonna clean up.
Here..", as Cathy pulled herself out of bed she handed me the oil
and consoled, "...this will do the job. Feel free to use my bed,
just clean it up.". As she left her room she slammed the door
shut behind her and left me in privacy. I did as she said, and
it did help. After I was done, my sister and I talked for a long
time that night. We both knew it would be different now. It
couldn't be the same. I hoped, and I think Cathy, too, that
this would not be the last time we shared sexual enjoyment. As
it turned out, it wasn't, but that's the subject of my next
chapter.
II. Heat, and Other Turn Ons
 
 
 Scarcely a few days had passed since that night when my
sister and I shared sexual experiences. It was a radiant, sunny
day and the heat called for me to get a tan. My parents were in
Hawaii on vacation for a few weeks and as usual the house was
left to Cathy and I. Cathy was still asleep at noon and I was
preparing my lunch. I was waiting on the microwave to finish my
hot dogs when Cathy walked sleepily into the kitchen. She yawned
as she remarked on the beauty of the day. I agreed and told her
I was going to lay out after lunch. My sister paused then
decided to join me in getting rays. Cathy left the room as I
prepared my ready lunch. Halfway through my hotdog Cathy
reappeared; this time in her bikini. This two piece was
stunning, bright bloody red, and had large black borders. As I
finished up my lunch Cathy was arranging the chaises out back for
us to lay in. I got the radio and walked out back to join her. I
was already beginning to have thoughts regarding my sister's hot
body. The formalities done now, we both took the lounges. My
sister took the tanning oil from her bag and propped up leg and
began to oil herself. This delighted me as I watched her actions
in the mirrored sliding back door. Just finishing one leg, Cathy
spoke up to me," Eric. Here...", she handed me the bottle,
"could you put some oil on me?".
I paused and immediately began to wonder if Cathy was getting as
thrilled as me.
"Uh, I guess.", I told my sister.
I took the bottle from her outstretched hand and waited for my
next instructions. My sister leaned back down onto her chaise.
She rolled over and lied face down on the lounge. Her lovely ass
stuck up high above her back. From my vantage point I could see
how tightly my sister's bikini bottom crept around the cheeks of
my sister's tan ass. I was really excited now and my penis was
starting to inch higher upon my shorts.
"Start on my legs please.", Cathy instructed me. I emptied a
glob of oil into my palms and began to apply it to my sister's
ankles. I was anxious about progressing and continued on my
sister's ankles and calfs. Soon Cathy noticed my delay and
prompted me to continue onto her thighs. I did so, but
cautiously stayed away from getting too close to her tush. As I
continued on my sister's thighs I was prevented from getting the
inside of her thighs since her legs were secured together. Cathy
realized my obstacle and adjusted her legs so I could get her
good. Her legs moved apart from each other; but much more than
was needed and I began to think Cathy was thinking the same as I.
Her legs now a good two feet between I dumped some oil onto her
now reachable inner thighs. I still stopped a distance away from
any "crucial" area. I made a sound letting Cathy know I was done
and waited.
She spoke, "Eric, your not done are you? Finish my legs alright,
then move onto my back please."
My heart was beating loudly and my penis was at full staff. I
reoiled my hands and worked slowly around my sister's butt. I
stopped before going onto the rise of her ass. I was horny now,
though, and I pressed on. I slowly greased my sloppy fingers
around my Cathy's ass. Her bikini was french cut and most of her
ass remained bare. I trickled a glob of oil onto my sister's ass
and watched as it oozed down the pucker of her ass. Her bikini
was getting wet now from the oil, and I continued. I took whole
her ass cheeks into my palms and squeezed her form softly. I
repeated this motion with both hands and began with each move to
sprawl her cheeks apart with each interval. Her tight bikini
snapped into place down her ass as I gave her room. I was done
with all uncovered portions of her ass. I wasn't sure if I
should press my luck and go under her bikini bottom. I decided
to try a little and slid just the tips of my fingers under
Cathy's bright bikini. Cathy began to moan ever so slightly now
and I knew this was going to be a good day. Feeling bold, I
plunged a finger moderately near to her asshole where her bikini
ultimately folded. Her legs bobbed and slid even further apart
as if she wanted it. Her bikini slipped into her asshole and
clung tight around her butt. I decided to move on, and began to
wax up her back. Her back was quite exquisite; her shoulder
blades were very alluring. The string of her top gripped tightly
around her physique. Massaging unhurried I pressed my slippery
fingers along the ridges of her tone back. I reached around her
side and pinched her sides and felt the burning heat of her
belly. Her back was complete save the skin under the straps of
her bikini. I began to do Cathy's neck when she turned slightly
onto her arm and blindly unfastened the strap of her bikini. As
the knot relaxed it slithered off her body and fell next to her
sides. I took this as a message to get under her straps. I
traced her back where her straps once covered. The pearly skin
under her released straps contrasted sharply against her tan
back. Her shoulder blades shifted as I pressed my fists against
her back. After a while I moved on to her neck and massaged it
carefully. I slid my forefinger between her head and her ear as
if it were the lips of her puss. Cathy relished this and
responded with growing moans and sighs. When my ear play was
done I paused and awaited my sister to give further guidance.
Silently Cathy rolled over onto her back permitting her loose
bikini top to fall under her back. Her rigid nipples pointed
from her petit breasts. I wasn't sure where to start; anyplace
was overwhelmingly inviting. My sister gave me instructions to
get the front of her legs which were oilless and looked out of
place in the company of the rest of her glistening form. In my
position, my waist was but a foot away from my sister's face. I
was sure my large erection was obvious to Cathy's eyes. I bent
over to reach my sister's legs. Once again I emptied some
lubricant onto my sister's body. I worked from her shins up to
her knees where my eyes were treated to the best sight yet. Her
legs were closed but still I was no more than a foot away from
Cathy's snatch. I cuddled the knobs of her knees and then
ventured upward towards her thighs. Her thighs were very full
and soft. Her legs were tense and her muscles were outlined in
her legs. Now, closer than ever to the paramount area, I could
hardly contain myself. I looked down at my sister; her eyes were
shut and her mouth cracked a bit as moans occasional fell from
her throat. I was on her thighs for a while and inched closer up
to her crotch. As I neared the press of her bikini, her legs
spread apart slowly and stopped about a foot splayed. My eyes
were glued on her bikini as it sunk between her legs and showed
signs of being cushioned with pussy hair. The very tips of her
ass knifed out from the bottom of her crotch. My hands now
glided over her hips near the side lining of her bikini. Cathy
could barely handle this and shivered as I tickled her hip bones
with my fingers. Scouting further, I went back to her crotch
where her pussy hairs creep out from her bikini. I peeled up the
elastic of her bikini bottom and drifted a finger across the tip
of her fur. My sister's belly erupted with a gasp and her entire
body shook with apprehension. My penis was now creeping up out
of my pants. With both hands I slid her bikini bottom down
around her thighs. Her sopping hairy mass sparkled in the sun.
Her cunt stood above the fall of her belly about a half inch.
With my pinky I tickled the hair leading down to my sister's
vagina. I only browsed over, not touching any skin. Cathy was
in rapture and moaned loudly. She couldn't stand my teases and
spoke from under a sigh something unrecognizable. I walked
around to the front of my sister and stood in front of her feet.
I took her feet in my hands and wedged her legs apart. I removed
her bikini altogether and tossed it away. Cathy's cunt was truly
red. My sister primed herself and played with her pussy while I
got some oil. By the time she stopped her vagina was wide open
and sagged somewhat. I moved in and brushed across her pussy
with my tongue. As I repeated this motion Cathy held my head. I
dropped lower and put my soothing tongue between her red skin.
My sister tasted like sweat and smelled much like it, too. I
felt her clit bobble as I dug my tongue deeper into her mass. I
pulled her ass apart as I chewed her out. Being so close to her
asshole was alarming but inspiring. As I held her cunt apart I
let my pinky slide into her asshole. Remembering Cathy's
masturbation I rose my finger to her mouth as she took it deep
into her mouth. I was licking her heavy haired pussy and tried
to mat down her bristles. As I did so, Cathy's hands found their
means to my cock. Beneath my pants my sister acted with my balls.
In her one hand she grasped both my nuts and gently played with
them. My pinky again pierced my sister's asshole...this time
deeper; perhaps an inch at most. Either way, Cathy's body
spasmed wildly and her sighs quickly turned to painful grunts.
She didn't want me to stop, though, so I left pinky where it
belonged. I looked down at my sister's vagina and noticed to
opulent flow beginning to gather in the valley of her cunt. I
popped my pinky from Cathy's butt and brought it to her face
again. This time, she didn't want to try it, and shook her head
in refusal. I couldn't blame her, my dirty finger stunk of
bowel. I wiped my hands clean on a towel and went back to my
sister's pussy. Before I couldn't sink my tongue into her body,
Cathy's hands took me by the head and pulled my body on top of
hers. My pants had been previously removed and my strong penis
felt wonderful crushed against my sister's fuzzy belly. Cathy
and I kissed deeply and sloppily while we each felt sightless at
one other's body. Soon my sister's hand had found my dick and
began to pet it slowly. I stopped our kissed and watched Cathy
perform on my ready dick. I was about to cum, and alerted my
sister. She immediately stopped her caresses and hurried to
apply a lotion of oil in her palms. I began to cum as my
sister's purple fingers approached my penis. She stroked and
polished my spouting dick with her soiled hands as I discharged
my sticky slugs along her wrist and forearm. I came for the
longest time in my record. I must have poured glue on Cathy for
almost ten seconds before drying the tap. I sighed heavily as my
climax ended. I was happy with my performance and was ready to
call it a day, but my sister, not surprisingly, wanted her turn.
I felt I had to favor her and stayed by her side. Cathy wiped
off my cum onto her hair and licked her fingers. I was tired and
collapsed on top of Cathy. Her arms reached to my back and
caressed my curves. I was surprised when I began to feel another
erection growing fast. We pulled away from a kiss and my sister
spoke. She begged me to fuck her but I told her I shouldn't.
Being brother and sister I didn't see much harm in messing
around, but I didn't want any penetration. I explained to her my
reason and she initiated a kiss to my lips. She stopped the
tonguing and seemed to agree with my reason. She explained that
she still wanted to cum and I can help her. I agreed. My sister
was already wet and it shouldn't be long before she came. I
leaned up and began to dip my tongue into Cathy's vagina. Soon
she began to spasm and she pushed my face away. Her fingers
crawled fast to her cunt and began to bob in and out. Her head
turned from side to side and I saw her orgasm begin to produce.
Unlike men, Cathy's juice oozed slowly from the complex of flesh
that was her vagina. Much more liquous than my cum, my sister's
cum was quite watery. As she flowed I had to take a taste and
did so. I wasn't overwhelmed by the flavor and took no more
helpings. By the time she done, we were both very tired.
Quickly we cleaned up and decided to take showers. Separate
showers, of course, because we both knew we couldn't handle it
together.
 
 
 
III. Remorse?
 
 Yes, I think we both had remorse about our shared
sensuality. Especially around out parents, who of course, had no
idea. We talked about our experiences and tried to develop a
rationale. Actually, it didn't take long for me to provide a
plan to satisfy both of us. I explained to Cathy that even
though we are brother and sister there is no danger (if we kept
it safe) to enjoy each other's sex. I reminded her, as long as
we refrained from intercourse that everything will be alright.
She agreed.
 
 
IV. About Me...
 
 
 So far I've told you about my sister's secret escapades as
well as her shared experienced with me. However, long before I
ever spied on Cathy and much before she and I ever enjoyed
ourselves, I began to take interest in Cathy as a sexual being.
I think this is because she was the only girl who I could,
without much trouble, be close to. After all being my sister I
had seen Cathy many times in her underwear and less, and this, I
think, created a vent for newly discovered sexual awareness. Let
me discuss some of my behaviors as well as relate to you the
first time I had seen Cathy's naked body.
 My family was on vacation at Myrtle Beach, a local coastline.
One afternoon upon returning to our hotel room was the first time
I saw my sister in sexual eye. Before this day I had seen Cathy
nude, but it was a clean nude. For example, not long before
puberty my sister and I oft showered together. This was to take
less time, and our parents sponsored it. I was quite young,
though, and this meant nothing to me. Eventually Cathy called a
stop to it when her body began to develop. Anyways, in our hotel
room I sat on the floor to take off my shoes which I always wore
on the beach. My parents left the room to get some ice and
drinks. Cathy insisted she was first to shower because she
always took the longest. I agreed. Seeing my sister on the
beach in a bikini perhaps put my hormones over the limit for the
first time. I was still undoing my shoes when Cathy walked over
behind a section of the room near the bathroom. Where I was
sitting made it impossible for her to get by without walking over
me. When Cathy reappeared from the section she was in a towel
and carrying her bikini. I knew she was undressed and I knew she
needed to get her make up from her dresser across the room.
Cathy, thinking nothing of me, simply walked over and stepped
over me. As she did, I peeked up intently and saw my first real
sight of what nude truly was. Before this glance I had never
seen my sister below the tummy and I wasn't prepared at all. I
got quite excited and waited for her to pass by again. I
slouched down to get a better angle. Unexpectantly she did not
walk over me. Rather, she walked to me and took one step over me
then paused. She was searching for something in the dresser
right before me. She didn't have a clue to what I was
scrutinizing behind her. She knew I was there, of course, but
didn't think I was looking, and perhaps didn't realize the view
she gave me. As she bent over searching my eyes saw the prolific
whiskers of her pussy for the first time. It was my first sight
of rapture ever. I think maybe it was bad for me though, my
first view was very explicit. Perhaps too much so. They way she
stood before me, back to me, not only did I see her hair, but it
was the hair of her ass. Soon she left and walked to the shower.
I was in a trance, still frozen by her secret beauty. Having
great smarts I realized my position. To my sis', I was still
young, too young, she thought. I could play innocent and get the
things I wanted. And I wanted to see more. Immediately the
whole vacation turned into me thinking up ways to see Cathy. At
the beach, of course, what better place? And to top it off, we
shared a queen bed at night to reduce hotel costs. Of course, my
parents, too, thought me still to young. The night finally came
and I was first to get under the sheets. Unknowingly, Cathy
followed in her T shirt and undees. I was wide awake and played
with myself quietly under the sheets. I was turned on, after all,
Cathy was next to me. Occassionally, our legs would bump and I
really enjoyed that. As the night grew longer, Cathy eventually
fell to sleep. I was waiting for this and got under the sheets.
My sister was curled up, fetus position, and her back to me. Her
large derriere was the angle in her body. I couldn't resist and
teased with my sister's asleep body. I played a games; the
object to get my finger as close to her ass as possible. I got
so good, that I actually could rest my thumb in the crease of her
underwear. I eventually fell asleep myself.
 After that experience at the beach, my perversion grew
steadily. A few month later I began a fun endeavor. I had
already been masturbating for a year or so but still acted
innocent to Cathy's knowing. Many nights, Cathy would drag me
out of bed when I was reading and insist I come watch TV with
her; she claimed to be scared to go upfront alone. I had deduced
that everynight on weekends that she was up later than I she
would come get me. I prepared carefully. I decided to slowly,
but innocently, let Cathy see my developing manhood. It took a
few more months before my plan went into effect. By the time, I
had grown significantly. My penis was capable of large
erections, and my balls were very hairy. I was careful to have
hidden myself from Cathy in these months. Surely, the night
came. Everyone was going to bed. I sat in my room with the
reading light on and pretended to be reading a magazine. As
usual, I was stripped except for my underwear; this was normal
sleeping attire. My goal was for Cathy to be surprised at my body
when she saw me. I, of course, was going to act innocent during
the whole affair. I wanted my underwear to show me off. I
looked at my underwear and noticed they fit far to snug to show
anything. I pulled and stretched the leg openings and fly
until they began to rip. The final product was a far more
revealing garment. I fondled my penis until it was plump; but
not erect. I artistically laid my penis off to the side of my
underwear so as to define it nicely. Also, I lowered my
underwear down a bit; just enough to show some hair, but not
obviously. I waited. Like clockwork, Cathy came in to my room
and sat on the bed and explained her sob story of how she wanted
me to keep her company up front...she was scared. Knowing
Cathy, I could tell she was serious. I played uninterested and
turned her down. She pulled on my arm and tried to drag me out
of bed. She explained it was early and I should watch with her.
I acted as if I was doing her a big favor and agreed. Caught off
guard, Cathy swiped the sheets from me and said,"Let's go.".
She was just happy and thought nothing of her playful act. My
underwear arrangement was still intact and I waited to see if
Cathy would see it. She looked my way and I could see her eyes
scan my waist. She pretended not to stare and sort of choked as
she told me to come up front. As she left the room I got up from
bed. Overall, it was a success; she did see me, no doubt, and
made no remark. When I arrived up front, Cathy was sitting on
the floor with her back against the sofa; she was facing the TV
and watching an old "Odd Couple". The stool from the recliner
was near her so I took a seat in it. I had my underwear on only
and my stretched leg holes surely gave my sister a clean shot of
my hairy balls. I was enjoying myself as I exhibited my goods to
Cathy. Whether or not she wanted, she had to my balls. Cathy
turned to me and was telling me something. I didn't recognize
her words; all I could think of was my play. After a few minutes
of talk, it dawned on me that Cathy was perhaps making an excuse
to see me by talking to me. My plan was working perfect! After
a few more minutes I was sure Cathy was enjoying my display so I
couldn't help but to go further. I began to innocently scratch
my thigh near my crotch. I was out of control and soon my hand
was clear in my underwear. Cathy was nervous but still played
talkative. A sudden wave came over me and I stopped the show
quickly. Cathy continued to talk my way so I entertained her for
a few minutes. I told my sister that I had to go to the bathroom
and I would return. I rushed in the back and went into the bath.
I sat on the seat and thought how good my plan had worked. I
pondered over my next move; but I didn't want to go too far too
soon. I waited and now my penis had returned to normal size. I
walked back up front and sat where I had before. Cathy had moved
since and was now on the sofa. We watched the tele for a while
and then agreed to call it a night. Upon returning to bed I
couldn't sleep. All I could do was think of all the fun ahead of
me. I reflected on my excellent performance and I was sure Cathy
still didn't realize my intentions, i.e., though she had seen me
like never before, she still thought of me as her baby brother.
This was good. My entire night lifestyle was now geared
towards frollicks with Cathy. Funny, though, now that I look
back, I think she too was putting on a show for me. For example,
every night that I was upfront watching TV on the sofa, Cathy
would come join me. But she would sit on the floor in front of
me; her legs closest to me and she propped her head up on her
arms. Commonly in her underwear, this angle gave me a delightful
view of her ass. Instead of watching TV I ended up watching
Cathy's butt. We have a one way mirror in back of the TV and
from the inside it acted like a mirror. Thus, I could myself in
the mirror, and Cathy could see me as well. The interesting use
of this mirror was it's "unknowing" reflection. What I mean is
that if someone were to see something in the reflection of
someone behind them that they would feel the other person didn't
realize the view. Understanding this, I took full advantage of
its use. With my sister on the floor before me and I behind her
on the sofa made for a great expositional setting. Cathy dressed
in her nightshirt and underwear, and I in my underwear. We'de be
watching TV for a while, or Cathy's ass in my case, and I would
slowly and innocently sit in a pose that would allow a sexy view
of my underwear. Each night, like before, I would prepare my
underwear to fit loosely. I looked at myself in the mirror to
see what my sister could see. I never knew if she was watching
or not but I continued happily. If after a few minutes I got no
sign of her interest I would go further into my script. Stage 2
called for "innocent" (which is a key word) stroking and
scratching. I continued this scene for a while. At one point,
Cathy turned to me and asked if I wanted something to eat. As
she turned around I saw her eyes fly past my crotch. I didn't
shift my position but rather wanted her to see me. She did... I
could tell. As she continued to speak she jumbled her words; a
definite reaction to nervousness. As she left to prepare our
snack I switched seat to the other sofa part. As she prepared
our meal I looked into the kitchen at her and caught her looking
my way. This was a major milestone for now I knew she enjoyed my
body as a sexual object. Given this insight I no longer resisted
in treating her to a good show. When she returned with our snack
she took the seat next to me. This was quite normal since the
only place to sit and eat was in this position. We were eating
coffee cake muffins that were quite flimsy and broke often.
Cathy took her muffin from the stand in front of us as to eat
it(of course). As she did, a piece fell apart and dropped
between her legs very near to her underwear. I looked down at
the fallen bread and remarked how flaky these muffins were.
Cathy agreed as she pinched up the mess between her legs. I
rudely watched my sister pick up every crumb from near her
underwear. The sofa was soft and crumbs had slid under her
crotch from the slack between her body and the sofa. I still
obviously watched her....she said nothing. To get these
displaced crumbs my sister had to lift herself up slightly and
brush them from under her. As she propped herself up, her
underwear tugged tightly against her pussy and began to crawly up
into the form of her vagina. Staring down her crotch I watched
closely. Just as she finished I turned away. I looked down at
my pants and noticed my penis had grown in the excitement. It
was large but not to the point of embarrassment. I thought to
myself that the possibility of a crumb to fall on Cathy was the
same as the odds to fall on me. So I purposely, but skillfully,
pretended to let a crumb fall between my legs. It was perfect,
the crumbs fell right between my legs and even a few crumbs fell
and rested on my underwear. Cathy laughed and noted how it
happened to me as well. I sighed as if I was disgusted by the
muffins crumbles. Cathy looked down at the crumbs. Surely she
had to my plump penis in my underwear. My pubic hair was easily
visible and she couldn't help but to see that, too. I brushed
off the fallen crumbs as my sister looked on. Obviously turned
on, Cathy decided to help me get the crumbs. She brushed the
sofa free of crumbs all the while very near to my underwear. I
looked at her as she cleaned and I felt my penis shift to a
larger level in my pants. Cathy saw it too, and she quickly
withdrew her hands from between my legs. After we had finished
eating the rest of our snack I went into the back. Cathy soon
followed. For the most part, I continued putting on this same
show for my sister each night I had a chance. On some nights I
wouldn't feel in the mood and not perform at all, other nights I
would go further and act even more provocative. All the while,
however, I never let my sister see my penis in the flesh. And I
left it at that for while.
 
 
V. A Good Hobby...
 
 
 As you know by now I have been blessed with a sister who is
not only attractive, but also free willed and adventuresome. One
particularly interesting facet of Cathy's person is her avid
interest in art. She had always loved drawing and painting. I
,too, enjoy these hobbies. Over the summer Cathy had enlisted in
an art class at a local community college. When I heard the
title of her class I couldn't believe it. I thought she was
joking but insisted she was not lying. I looked at her schedule
and saw the course description.., "3012 History & Techniques of
Erotic Art". I didn't even believe the paper and went to look in
the college course directory. Sure enough, it was indeed a
class! Almost magically, Cathy's lifestyle played perfectly
into making my like more enjoyable. Everything she did turned
out to be the one thing I could hope for; the class is a perfect
example. I talked to Cathy about this course and asked her about
its contents. She explained how she always liked art, especially
the human figure and that she would enjoy this course. I
listened and did remember her drawing nude figures before. She
was quite good and always was open with her works. She explained
the basically the course gave a history of erotic art, which is
mostly oriental, and then in the second half of the class they
had a techniques workshop. This part interested me and asked
what was done at these workshops. Cathy clarified and told me
that it was just like any other art course, except they painted
and drew erotic figures and still lifes. She explained that
there is more to erotic art then sexual explicit nudes. I
disagreed but listened as she spoke. She continued to tell me
that to be classified as erotic art that it must first classify
as art. The art aspect still remained in that the work must
bring out a feeling or a reason, even simply a unique aspect, but
it must still be art. To qualify as erotic, the art work
attempts to use the beauty and sexualness of the human body and
still keep the artistic aspect. I asked her if they had models
like in figure drawing courses and she told me they did not.
Rather, the work was done on their own, or in a group and the
media can be any form. Well, I couldn't wait for her first
project to be assigned. After a month, the project was assigned.
The assignment was to create an erotic piece of art that
involved "bringing to life, a fantasy", they had to create a
drawing of a sexual fantasy of their own or someone elses. I
don't know why but she decided to talk to me about the
assignment. Not to get my fantasy, but she needed help on
decided what she was going to do. As she began to explain her
delima I began to get excited. She told me that she had decided
to draw herself in an erotic pose, but she wanted it to be
different. She wanted to make it very subtle, yet sexy. I
couldn't offer any help since I could barely speak! She
continued to tell me her choices and that I should choose one for
her to do. Her first choice was to draw herself fully clothed,
wearing a dress, but then to overlay lightly atop her figure a
nude form. This idea was alright and I told Cathy it was
"ok.". Next, she detailed her second idea. I remember her
dialog well and will let you hear her words. Cathy spoke, "Well,
I like the first idea but it will be hard [to draw]. I
thought, maybe, I would draw me standing nude but put an erect
penis in place of my vagina. I will leave the breasts.".
I could barely stand to even hear my sister say words like,
"erect", and "vagina".
 Cathy continued, "Well, I guess the last thing I was thinking of
doing is different. I had always had a fantasy of masturbating
in a store in front of everyone....so I was going to draw me
hiding behind a clothes rack taking off my clothes.....or maybe
I'll be in a dressing room naked. "
She stopped talking and looked at me and waited for my answer. I
was stunned and finally spoke up. I told my sister that I think
her second idea was the most creative. After a pause she agreed
and told me she would begin work immediately. I followed Cathy
to our spare room in which she had set up her art work. She
didn't mind me following her and said that she would like me to
watch if I wanted. I wanted. First, she began by drafting a
quick sketch of size onto the paper. She was using a large
poster size work area. After a few minutes she had finished the
outline of where her body will go. In the background she had
prepared a large vase to be drawn. She took a picture of her
from a drawer and began work on sketching her likeness. I
figured this part boring and left and told her I would be back.
When I returned my sis was just putting on the finishing touches
of her face. I commented on how much it looked like her and
thanked me. She thought about the figure for a while and told me
that most bodies are the same. After about a half hour she had
drawn a rough sketch of the body. It was quite good, really, and
again I complimented it. Amusingly, she had drawn her petite
breasts just right. Cathy began to shade the sketch using a
charcoal pencil. When it came to shading her pussy region she
simply covered the area a dark grey. She explained it didn't
matter since it would be covered up anyhow. I agreed. We both
stepped back and looked at the first draft. It looked pretty
good, but Cathy felt obligated to make some touch ups and fixes.
When she was done it was really nice. Cathy spoke to me, "Now,
the hard part.....literally.". She laughed at her joke. Cathy
continued, "No, really, I'm not sure how to do this. Should I
draw an erected or limp penis? I can't decide.". She looked at
me for guidance. I said, "Umm..I dunno. Either one, I guess.".
She decided and agreed on the erect penis. Good choice I
thought. As she took the pencil to paper she started by
sketching a few reference marks. The size, shape, etc. If I
followed her guideline correctly, she had to erection reaching up
to about an inch below to navel. Cathy bluntly spoke up, "Ok.,
good. Eric, do you model any?". I couldn't believe it! She
wanted to use me as her erection model! Without even waiting for
my reply she said,"Good. Drop em'." She acted to casual...as if
it were nothing. I stood still and did no such thing. However,
if she wanted a model with an erection, she had the perfect
subject.
"Come on, Eric. Don't you want to help me. If not, then I'll
help you.", Cathy spoke. She walked over to me and removed my
shorts then my underwear. My hard cock sprang out and looked her
in the face. Cathy went back to her paper and sketched away
occasional looking at my penis for reference. I was in a daze
the whole time. After she had finished she showed me the
results. It actually was very good and I told her so. She spoke
up," Thanks....Yea, I like it, too. You helped a lot. Perfect
dick, Eric." This really embarrassed me. Cathy continued,
"Really, though. Your cock is perfect. I like dicks like
your's....circumcised and not too bumpy. ", my sister continued
to relate to me her penis preference, "So, anyhow, usually models
get paid about eleven an hour. But instead I'll give you a
percent of the sales from the drawing.". She and I laughed
lightly at that joke. Cathy put the drawing on the floor and
said,"No....really, your dick is just right for me......", she
approached close to me and quickly, like a snake, grabbed my
burning penis into her hand. Before long she had dropped to
floor on her knees and proceeded to jack me off. She didn't take
me in her mouth, rather, she just gave me a hand job. In about
twenty seconds I climaxed all over her charcoal covered hands.
She wiped off my mess onto the carpet and spoke softly, "I think
that's better than eleven dollars....don't you?". I vehimently
agreed and thanked her for her generous pay rate. I left the
room and washed up in the bathroom. Cathy received an "A" on
her project.
 
 
 
VI. "Games"
 
 
 
 
 As did most kids around our age my sister and I, along with
our friends, played games such as,"Spin the Bottle", and "Truth
or Dare". Both games proved very interesting for the year or so
that we played them. I will tell you of the most interesting of
each game version.
 Cathy and our neighbor, Brenda, along with myself and my
friend Don assembled one night to partake in a game a Spin the
Bottle. Being just four of us kind of defeated the purpose and
chance factor in the game. However, it was still quite fun.
Tonight the game was really, "Spin the Toothbrush" since didn't
have an empty bottle to use. The basic premise for those who
don't know is this: A player spins the object and whom ever it
ends up pointing to must perform the given assignment. Usually,
this meant having to kiss the other participant.
 Don spun first. It landed on himself so he spun again. In
later versions if the object pointed to yourself then you had to
do something embarrassing or dumb. This time the brush pointed to
Cathy. Being the first round, Cathy leaned over and Don placed a
light kiss on her forehead. Cathy spun the brush. It landed on
Brenda. If the object pointed to the same sex as the spinner,
the spinner, spun again. She did, and again it landed on Don.
Don kissed my sister again. Don's second spin landed on Brenda.
Now, however, being the second round, the task was a "short kiss
on the lips". Brenda quickly smooched Don and spun the brush.
Finally it landed on me. Brenda pleasured me with the same small
kiss. I spun and ended up having to kiss Brenda again. She spun
and again it landed on me. After my kiss I spun the brush. It
ended pointing to Cathy. Since all that was required was a small
kiss, my sister didn't mind and puckered me one. We all agreed
to move on. Now the task was," a real, but not long,
kiss.....no tongue.". Cathy spun the brush landing upon Don.
Don moved over slightly as he engaged Cathy in a second or two
kiss. The game was moving fine. After a few more spins, along
with more kisses, we upped the task to," a real kiss with
tongue!". At this point, we were really getting into it. It was
Brenda's turn at the spin. Her twist landed upon me. Brenda
leaned over to me and I her. Our wet kiss lasted a few seconds.
As we broke apart I could taste Brenda's familiar tang. I spun
and it landed on Don. I spun again after we laughed. This time
Cathy was chosen. She was my sis' but we had earlier agreed it
would only be fair if we played along. Slowly we engaged each
other. I didn't think Cathy would put too much into it, but I
was wrong. Her tongue danced wildly in my mouth. I was turned
on and we continued to kiss. I felt her hand rest upon my
shoulder. Finally, Don and Brenda broke us up. Cathy spun and
it landed on Brenda. Don and I looked at each other. Cathy spun
again, and once more it landed on Brenda. This happened one more
time and then Cathy stopped spinning so we could find a way to
resolve this problem. After arbitration, we decided on the new
rule: "If a player of the same sex is chosen, then they must do
as the following clause states: 1) If two girls are selected,
they must preform the last task from the proceeding round. 2) If
two guys as selected, they each must remove an article of
clothing.". This new rule satisfied all of us. Cathy had the
first chance to try out the new legislation. She spun, and sure
enough, Brenda was chosen. Don and I giggled and watched. We
quickly thought back and spoke in tandem, "You'll must kiss each
other.......for a decent time." Brenda titled her head and gave
Don and I the look of defeat. Cathy moved to Brenda and soon
they were face to face. The bumped lips and pulled away. Don and
I complained and insisted. Cathy's arms fell to Brenda's
shoulder and again they were face to face. Very slowly they
moved to each other. Soon there was no more slack and their sexy
lips met. I felt their embrace in my groin. They pulled apart
slowly. Brenda paused then spun. It landed on Don. Brenda was
much more willing with Don. They tongued feverishly. It was
time to move on. But what next? Usually, we stopped here. We
couldn't agree upon the new task. Some of the ideas presented
were: "The players had to lick each others lips...", and, "The
players must lay on each other as they tongued..". Finally we
agreed on the latter. Don spun and it landed on me. Remembering
the new clause, we both removed our socks ( as if we beat the
system ). One his next spin, Don landed on Cathy. They were the
first to try to new task. How they were to lay wasn't detailed.
Don went to my sister and got on top of her. I looked at Brenda
in the corner of my eye. She was excited. As Don and Cathy
kissed, my sister's arms felt Don's back. They proceeded in this
manner for about twenty seconds. Cathy spun and landed on
Brenda. Don and I knew what this meant, they had to french
kiss...tongue and all! We couldn't wait. Cathy approached
Brenda slowly. Brenda brushed her hair behind her ears. Brenda
and my sister slowly began to perform. I could see their
tongues colliding as bumps on Brenda's cheek. I thought it would
be short...but rather lasted for a good minute. I think my
sister was horny now.....when the hot girls were done they
sluggishly separated their wet lips. You could hear the saliva
whip from their lips. Cathy kissed Brenda on the forehead as
they separated. Don and I had serious erections now. Nothing
could to that. We played for a few more minutes and called it a
night.
 
 The same group assembled for another game. This time,
"Truth or Dare". The basic idea of this game is: 1) You can
either "swear" to answer any question posed by one of the other
players, or 2) Perform some dare handed to you by the remained
group.
 We let Cathy go first. She looked to Don and asked, "Truth
or Dare"? Don responded with "Truth". Cathy posed the question,
"Don, do you think Brenda is sexy?". An easy question I thought
to myself. Don quickly replied, "yes". Don quested Brenda,
"Truth or Dare?". Brenda choose "Truth" as well. Usually no one
chooses "Dare" until much later. Don asked Brenda, "Jen...have
you ever masturbated?". Brenda argued the question saying it was
, "Too much too soon." We sat silent, and she said quietly,
"...yes......, of course". I think Don and I both tried to
imagine her doing it! Brenda asked me and I replied to accept a
"Dare" to get thing going. Brenda spoke, "Good. Ok.,
Eric...moon us.". I went to far of the room and flashed my
buttocks to the group quickly and then pulled up my pants. I
heard teasing "oohs...." from the crowd. "Cathy, truth or
dare...", I asked my sister. "Dare", she decided.
I thought about and commanded, "Ok, Cath.....you moon us.". She
did as I...but her ass was much lovelier than mine. Cathy turned
to her friend, Brenda and gave her standard choice. Brenda
choose, "Dare" since everyone else was. Cathy thought for a
while and then told her friend, "Take off your blouse...but.".
Quickly Brenda refused, "No way!". Cathy realized perhaps this
was going too fast and asked, "Ok...just unbutton it all the
way, but leave it on". Don and I hoped silently. She agreed.
We watched her fingers undo the many buttons on her shirt. Her
shirt drifted apart and revealed Brenda's beautiful, tan front
side. Her bra was red and laced. "Ok..Cathy, what is it?",
Brenda asked my sister harshly in vengence. "Dare", my willing
sis' asked. "YOU take YOUR shirt off....OFF.", Brenda loudly and
revengefully spoke. "Ok..I don't mind....", my sister began to
lift her shirt over her head but stopped. "Wait!", Cathy spoke
to Brenda," I don't have a bra on". Brenda simply replied,
"So....". "Well, forget it...", Cathy began," I'll go put a bra
on and then take my shirt off!", she spoke as she ran from the
room. We all sat silent until my sister returned. She didn't
even bother to bring her shirt. She came and sat down next to
me. "There...", she looked at Brenda as she spoke. Cathy looked
to me and I didn't even let her say anything, I just said,"Dare."
 
"I thought so.", my sister replied. She continued, "Ok.Eric, I
dare you to FRONT moon me and Brenda!". I thought about her
request for a moment and then agreed on these terms, "Ok...but
just for a second at most!". Cathy and Brenda looked at each
other and shook there heads in compliance. I left the room and
dropped me pants. My penis was full but not erect as I pushed my
underpants down under my balls. "Ok...Don, don't look.
Ready?!", I alerted my sis' and her friend. I got the go and
stepped in the room and quickly shot back into hiding. I heard
laughs as I refitted my clothes and walked back to the game.
Brenda spoke as I sat down, "That's good Eric.....Remember who
made you do it.". Brenda still wanted revenge on Cathy. I
looked at Brenda and then to my sister. "Ok. big shot. Its your
turn. What is it?", I asked Cathy. She took the dare in good
sporting fashion. I tried hard to think of a good dare. Soon
the group grew restless and wanted my instructions for my sister.
"Alright. Got it.", I read my sister her instructions. "Cathy, I
dare you to suck Brenda's tits." Cathy apparently thought this
request absurd and spoke slowly," No, I don't think so. ".
Brenda intervened, "Yeh....I don't either.". I rethought my
request and read it again, "yeh, Ok...then I dare you to
......let Brenda undo your bra." I thought this fair and waited
for her reply. She looked at Brenda as if it was her decision.
Cathy spoke, "Well, I guess I don't mind, if Brenda doesn't.".
We all looked to Brenda for her answer. She replied, "Ok...I
guess...but all I'm gonna do is undo the hook around back and
that's it!". Don looked at me as if to say, "great dare!".
Cathy stood up and I interrupted her. "Uh, Cathy...one thing...",
I began to add a little clause to the dare, "you must face her as
she undoes it.". "Whatever.", she agreed as if it were her plan
all along. Cathy took her position and kneeled in front of
Brenda. Brenda kneed herself closer so she could reach around
Cathy's back. Brenda fumbled around until she managed to unhook
my sister's bra. The loosened straps fell down at Cathy's sides.
My sister had cupped her bra to her breasts as Brenda undid her
hook so that her bra did not fall as expected. I was about to
argue but Cathy suddenly peeled off her bra right in Brenda's
face. As Cathy stood up she turned to go back to her seat. As
she rose her tits almost hit Brenda in the face. Brenda turned
away conciously avoiding my sister's breasts. My sister sat
topless and looked at Don. "Uh, oh!", Don knew something was
coming. "Don, I dare you to...", Cathy was interrupted by Don,
"I didn't even choose yet!". Cathy asked him the proper question
and he choose "Truth" to everyone's surprise. Cathy looked at
him and spoke, "Oh...sure. Ok., a truth, let's see...", she
thought for moment. Soon my sister was satisfied and spoke her
request to Don, "Don, you must answer it. Ok...here it is,
'What is the weirdest way you ever masturbated?'"? I was glad I
wasn't asked this. Brenda smiled and looked to Don for his
answer. Cathy prompted him, "Well..spit it out." Don cleared his
throat and began to tell is answer, "Well...a few days ago, I did
it in my sister's bed while she was taking a shower. That's
about the weirdest I can think of.", Don finished spilling his
guts. "I hope she didn't catch you.", Brenda added. "She almost
did...but I made it out safe.", Don told us. Cathy was satisfied
with his honest answer and made a sound a approval. Don looked
to me. I choose "Dare". Don quickly read my instructions,
"Eric, I dare you to suck Cathy's tits!". I was shocked by his
request. I wanted too for sure but I had to act like I didn't.
As Brenda heard this request she shook her head with a smile.
Cathy stared blankly at Don. I spoke up, "Uh...No, that's too
much now.". Don agreed and gave it another try,"Yeh..perhaps,
Ok..then I dare you to JUST feel her tits." I wasn't sure about
this either. I looked at Cathy for guidance. She gave her
opinion,"I dunno. I don't really care. Its up to Eric." They
all looked at me. I didn't say anything and thought it over.
Don interrupted my thinking and posed an alternative, "Ok...you
can do that, or you can front moon Brenda." Cathy added," Yeh,
that's not too bad.". I though to myself 'not too bad!!' what
was she talking about. If I had the guts I do both but rather
decided to front moon Brenda. I told the group along with my
requests,"Ok..I'll do it....but,". Don interrupted me again,
"Which?". I quickly responded,"Oh, yeh, I'll front moon Brenda
but on these conditions. You'll must leave when I do it, and I'm
only gonna do it for a second...at most!". Don and Cathy agreed
to my requests. Brenda spoke up, "Well, what about my opinion?".
Cathy realized they had left her out, "Oh, sorry...go ahaead."
Brenda gave her two bits,"Well you should have asked me....but I
guess it's alright." Cathy and Don walked out giggling. I was
excited and nervous. My penis was slightly erect from all the
action....who could blame me? I went over to Brenda and stood
before her. She looked away from me. I noticed I was about a
foot from her face so I stepped back a yard or so. Brenda spoke
out,"Eric, go ahead, get it over with." She made me feel
comfortable. I reached for my snap and undid it. Brenda looked
away again as I unzipped my pants. I held my pants and underwear
in my hands and alerted her,"Ok...here goes...". I quickly
pushed my pants and underwear down to my thighs. My excited
penis stuck straight out at Brenda. I looked at her to see if
she was watching. I saw her glaring at my penis as I quickly
pulled up my pants. "Ok! It's over..", Brenda yelled. As my
sister sat back down she looked to Brenda and asked, "So...it
wasn't too bad was it?". Brenda shrugged off her question. I
realized it was my turn to ask. I looked to Brenda since she had
been left out of all dares ( except for those she had to partake
in ). "Ok..Brenda what is it?", I posed my sister's friend.
"Dare...I guess", she reluctantly answered. I thought this was
great and ideas raced in my mind. I sorted the ideas and finally
told her my request,"Brenda. I dare you to take off your bra."
I figured this was fair since Cathy was already topless.....not
to mention me showing her penis. She didn't answer for a while.
Don spoke up,"Brenda, c'mon....that's not too bad. Cathy is
already." Cathy broke in,"Yeh...c'mon.". I could tell Brenda
really didn't want to. Under the extreme peer pressure, however,
she complied. Unlike my sister, Brenda has large breasts....for
her age at least. Brenda quickly reached around her back and
easily removed her bra. Her large tits drooped and fell to about
her ribs. Don and I looked at each other in the corner of our
eyes. Cathy eased her, "Brenda...see, it's no big deal.
Especially for you!". Brenda smiled very slightly and made a
motion of agreeance. Well, so far, my sister sat topless as did
Brenda, I had bared my penis to Brenda and mooned all of them.
Cathy had mooned everyone, too. Brenda looked to Don, "Ok..Don,
truth or dare?". Don chose "Dare". Brenda quickly responded
with his commands, "I dare you to take off your pants.". Don
immediately responded," No way!". Brenda realized her ambiguity
and responded,"I'm sorry, I mean you can keep your underwear
on!". Don sighed in relief, "Oh...well, I guess ok..". Don
didn't even stand up. He brushed off his levi's and laid them
neatly next to him. His underwear was standard fare, "fruit of
the loom"....just like mine. Don spoke,"Ok...lets' see...". He
looked at each of us one at a time. We all tried to look his way
off. He finally choose my sister Cathy. "Dare", was all Cathy
said. Don asked, "Cathy, I dare you to take your brother's pants
off.....just his shorts." I hoped she would agree, but again I
had to act as if I didn't want her to. Cathy thought about
it.....this would normally be no big deal except for the 'brother
sister' factor. My sister looked to me,"Eric, do you mind?". I
pretended to act discouraged, "Well.....I guess not.". Don was
happy and spoke,"Good...stand up Eric.". I stood in front of the
group as my sister approached me. As her hands neared my shorts
and started to shiver with anticipation. Cathy talked to me as
she did the task," Ok...here we go...". My sisters fingers
unsnapped my fly and proceeded to unzip my shorts. I looked
across at my sisters' bare chest. Her nipples were hard. Once
unfastened, Cathy continued and pushed my shorts down to my feet.
I stepped out of them and kicked them aside. Cathy looked down
at my underpants and noticed the bulge hidden in them. She sat
back down as did I. Quickly this game was getting serious. It
was my turn to ask again. I choose Brenda again. After chosing
"Dare" I read Brenda my request. "Brenda....I dare you to take
your pants off." Brenda quickly responded, "No...try again."
Everyone sighed as thought she was a spoil sport. I guess it was
too much for the timid Brenda and tried again,"Ok...then I dare
you to take my sister's pants off." I knew Cathy would go for
it; it was up to Brenda. She agreed. My sister stood up as her
friend approached her. Cathy was wearing designer Brendas that
were skin tight. Brenda popped the button and unzipped Cathy's
pants. Cathy held on to her underwear as Brenda slid down her
blue pants. My sister's underwear was white and allowed one to
see the dark coloring that lied under. Cathy lifted her leg as
Brenda struggled to remove her pants. Cathy spoke
up,"Brenda...here, I'll get the rest." Brenda stopped and
waited. Cathy easily removed her pants. I saw Brenda looked at
Cathy's panties. Brenda then returned to her seat. Cathy sat
down cross legged. Immediately Don and I looked between my
sister's legs. Cathy realized her position and readjusted
herself more mannerly. It was Cathy's turn and I had a feeling
this would be good. My sister is a horny sort and she was ready
to move on. She looked to Brenda and popped the question.
Brenda responded, "How come everyone is picking on me!". Cathy
appeased her,"Oh..Brenda, please...we've been chosen more than
you." This was true and Brenda had no defense. "Alright, what
is it...", Brenda asked Cathy. "Ok..Brenda, let's see.
Alright, don't say anything till' I'm finished." Brenda agreed.
"Ok..", my sister read her request, "Brenda. I dare you to let
Don suck your tits....just for second. ". I was waiting for
Brenda to explode with denial. However, instead she calmly
spoke,"Hmmm....I dunno. No. Pick another one." Don surely was
disappointed. Cathy knew Brenda's shyness so she gave her
another option,"Ok..here, I dare you to take Don's underwear
down to his knees....just for a second, then pull them back up."
Don hoped all he could but it didn't pay, Brenda denied it,"No
way....try again." Brenda was being stubborn, but I agree the
last request was a little fast. Cathy sighed with discouragement
and posed to her friend,"Alright...you gotta do this. I dare you
to hug Eric." At first this sounded innocent, but then everyone
realized Brenda was topless and her large breasts would be
pressed against my chest. Brenda thought about it and agreed. I
couldn't wait! She walked to me and I stood up. My eyes were
glaring at her chest. Soon her hot body was pressed against mine
and her arms covered my back. It was sheer ecstasy. It didn't
last long and Brenda returned to her seat. Cathy complimented
her,"Brenda...that was good...see, it's no biggee, just let
yourself have fun." Brenda looked as if she took my sister's
words for good. Brenda looked to me. In turn I choose "Dare"
and waited. Brenda then read me her command,"Eric...I dare you
to let Don take down your underwear for five seconds...then he
can pull em' up." Don spoke before I could,"What! No way....".
I agreed with Don. Brenda continued,"See you'll don't do
everything either. Ok...then...Eric, I dare you to let Cathy
kiss your belly and chest." Wow! I thought to myself...is this
coming from Brenda. I waited for my sister to refuse. Cathy
soon spoke up,"Brenda! You little faker. ". Cathy was alluding
to how timid she has been to this point. Cathy
continued,"...well, Ok. no problem. Eric, alright with you?".
I again slowly agreed. It happened fast, before I knew it my
sister was kissing my chest. She dropped to her knees and began
to kiss lower, heading towards my belly. My body quaked and
shivered with each kiss. Cathy reached my naval and stuck her
tongue in it. My body flinched and Cathy stopped. Brenda simply
blurted,"Wow!...whatever...". This was gonna be good, it was my
turn now. I choose Brenda and didn't even wait for "Dare"....the
game was "Dare" now, no one chose "truth". I asked Brenda,
"Brenda...I dare you to let my sister take down your
pants.....for ten seconds." Brenda turned it down. I tried
again,"Ok..then at least let Cathy pull her own panties down in
your face!". Cathy found this unfair, "Hey....wait a minute!
Who's dare is this?". She was right, I rethought my commands and
announced them, "Cathy, you're right. Here, Brenda, I dare you
to stand up, right there, and moon us." I waited anxiously for
here answer. Brenda declared, "Not front moon! Regular is ok.".
I appeased her,"Brenda...that is what I meant anyhow." As Brenda
rose, she began to unfasten her pants. By the time she was
standing Brenda was ready to drop em'. She turned around tried
to position her back to Don and me. When she was content she
slid her Brendas down quite far and bent slightly to moon us.
Brenda had a really nice ass....much tanner than my sister's.
After a few seconds she pulled up her draws and sat back down.
The game was getting old now. If something exciting didn't
happen fast it would end. Brenda was at the helm. She looked at
Don and me and asked, "Alright...this dare is for Cathy and Don".
Brenda was innovative for her "two person dare". Brenda
continued to explain,"Don, you and Cathy stand face to face.
Then each of you must pull your underwear down for five seconds."
Don quickly agreed and stood up. Cathy paused and then join in.
Don walked to my sister and stood about a foot from her topless
body. Cathy looked down at her underwear and pushed them down.
Don didn't move and just stared at my sister's bushy center.
Brenda intervened,"Hey..Don, your turn." Don snapped out of his
trance and pushed his pants down. His penis was pretty large and
half erect. Cathy smiled as she glanced at it quickly. Then
both of them pulled up their underwear. Brenda was happy with
her dare and congratulated the two participants. But who's turn
was it now? Cathy's or Don's? After arbitration they decided it
was both. After some whispering Cathy looked to Brenda and
declared the next dare,"Ok...since me and Don both were in the
last dare....then so should you and Eric." Brenda and I looked
at each other and waited our instructions. Cathy pressed
on,"Brenda, first of all, you are still in your Brendas...you're
topless and in Brendas...unfair. So my dare is a two parter.
First part, you must take off your pants, not your underwear or
anything. Then, you must lay flat on the ground and let Eric
start at your feet and feel his way up till I say stop." I loved
my sister's dare and hoped Brenda would allow it. Unfortunately
she didn't, "No...I'll take off my pants but that's it!". We all
joined in and scolded Brenda for her shyness and lack of
gamesmanship. Feeling the pressure from her friends she decided
to accept the dare under these rules,"Ok..Eric, I'll do
it...but, I get to say when to stop.". I agreed and my sister
graciously allowed it. Brenda arose and quickly stepped from her
pants. Her underwear was yellow and loose fitting. Cathy
narrated,"Ok! Now were getting somewhere." Brenda was now lying
on the floor. I kneeled before her and looked at her breasts
that drooped to her sides. She then covered her chest with her
arms. I started to rub her feet gently. I moved up slowly to
her calfs. I knew it wouldn't be long before Brenda commanded me
to stop. As I caressed her I looked to her crotch. I was so
close I could see the beginnings of pubic hair trapped under her
underwear. Before long, I was molding her thighs in my palms.
My penis was fully erect and obviously outlined in my underwear.
I was on Brenda's thighs for a while and was ready to move on. I
was sure she was going to tell me to stop as soon as I moved up.
I danced my fingers up to Brenda's upper thigh...just next to her
underwear...near her hipbone. Her body wiggled and she tried to
hold back her laughter as I tickled her. I was surprised by how
much Brenda let me explore. I was getting into now and put a
hand on her belly, near the tip of her underwear. As I began to
slowly seek lower down Brenda told me to stop. I looked at her;
her head was titled up looking at me. I barely could control
myself, but remembered it was a game. I returned to my seat and
nodded to Don to express my happiness. Brenda spoke up, "Eric,
you can go...since it was both ours.". I thanked her and began
to think about my next dare. I turned to my topless sister and
looked at her. She smiled lightly and she knew I was going to
choose her. I did. I addressed my sister,"Cathy. Let's see how
DAREing you are.". Cathy leaned towards me as if to say,"go
ahead...try me.". Anyhow, I continued my speech to Cathy,
"..ok..sis' I dare you to put honey on your [I pointed to her
tits] and then let Brenda lick it off." Brenda started to say
something but Cathy interrupted her,"Eric, you sure like to see
Brenda and me involved don't you...but, that's alright, I don't
really mind it..she's a good friend and all." She didn't let me
reply and said,"About the dare....I don't know if I really want
to put honey on me. I know its a dare, but it's too messy and
hard to get off. I'll make a deal with you...instead of honey,
how about butter?" I was amazed by her cooperation and
suggestion. However, Brenda then gave her feelings,"Wait...what
about my say. Cathy might not mind, but I do. I like Cathy and
all, but I don't want to lick her tits." What a bummer. Don
expressed his disappointment as did I. I tried to coerce
Brenda into it with reason,"Brenda....why not? When we all played
spin the bottle you didn't mind to french kiss her and all."
Brenda said,"Yeh, I now, but it's different. I don't mind that,
but it's different." No one said anything and Brenda felt
compelled to offer an alternative, "Well...just to play along and
all, instead how bout' I put the butter on Cathy?" I thought
about it. It was fair but had a flaw,"Hmm..Brenda, that's cool,
but uh, then how will she get it off? No, forget it, I'll think
of a totally new dare, ok.?" Brenda and Cathy both thought that
was a good idea. Remembering Brenda's ease with kissing my
sister I tried to think of a dare that involved it...she couldn't
turn it down. I said,"Ok..Brenda you shouldn't mind...I dare
Cathy, and you, to follow these two steps. First, you're
already topless, so you two must get close and feel each other's
tits....then you'll must make out for twenty seconds." Cathy
promptly agreed and stood up. Brenda spoke,"Well..I guess so...I
told you I don't mind kissing Cathy." I couldn't wait. Cathy
and Brenda were standing. They converged close together. My
sister was much bolder and instantly began to cup Brenda's large
breasts. Brenda slowly joined in and let my sister's nipple fall
between her fingers. Cathy really enjoyed this and was really
getting into it. She had both of Brenda's breasts in hand and
pushed them together. All the while, Cathy stared at her friend.
Brenda, too, surprisingly seemed to get into the act. My sister
didn't have much breasts but Brenda managed to give them a good
tug. I didn't have to say anything. My sister stepped closer
and started to kiss Brenda's neck. Soon they were making out.
While they kissed, Cathy felt Brendas buttocks, and Brenda had
her arms tightly around my sis's back. Don and I loved every
second of it. Brenda withdrew from the kiss and sat on the
floor. Cathy looked down at her and spoke,"Brenda...see, me and
you are friends, and so it's just all in fun." Brenda nodded in
agreeance. Cathy looked to Don and began to rattle off a dare.
Don interrupted her and spoke,"Uh..Cathy, I choose truth."
Everyone was shocked by his request. But, it was a fresh twist
in the game. Cathy wasn't shaken,"Ok...then Don, you know Cal,
your sister...well, I was talking to her and she told me some
interesting things....you know what I'm talking bout'?". She
looked to Don for his reply. Don said,"Maybe...I think
so...but,.." Cathy stopped him and took up her line of
questioning,"...Ok.then you can answer, is it true, Cal told me
that one night last week, that you were acting really weird, you
asked her to come in your room. She said when she got there you
were naked...and excited. She said you asked her to just watch,
while you.....well, everyone know's what I mean." I was
surprised if it turned out true. I was happy though, to know
someone else had a "tight" brother sister connection. Don reply
affirmative,"So..". Cathy said,"Alright....good enough. You
don't have to be ashamed. ". I joined in,"Yeh, Don...I don't
blame you...Cal is really good looking, too." Don nodded all of
us off. Just then, all of a sudden, everyone agreed it was time
to call it a night. The game lasted about two hours and we were
all tired of sitting there. After dressing, Don and Brenda left
for their respective houses across the street. After they were
gone, Cathy and I remained on the floor. We began to talk about
the game. Cathy remarked,"Brenda is kinda shy....but you can't
blame her really." I replied,"Yeh, she's cool. She played
along pretty good tonight. You, you played really good. You're
the best player....Don and I always try to choose you, but choose
Brenda to make her feel involved." Cathy thanked me and
said,"Well...I just like to play a game like it should be played.
We're all friends and we should be able to have a good time.
Brenda and I have been friends for really long...let's see, about
fifteen years or so. Sometimes, I don't understand her. Like, I
don't see why she wouldn't do that dare you gave her....with the
butter. I mean, she'll kiss me, and when she does she's not shy.
To me, that's worse than just licking me. I mean, she's willing
to stick her tongue in my mouth, but she won't lick my skin...but
that's ok..., she did play along tonight mostly." I agreed with
her evaluation of that dare. My sister still was topless. I
couldn't help but to look at her lovely body. I remarked to my
sis',"Cathy, I guess it hard to get Brenda's pants off? I mean,
you front mooned us and all, well Don at least. Brenda wouldn't
do it....she did moon us, she took em' down, all she had to do
was turn around. What's the deal?" Cathy gave an
explanation,"Yeh, you're right. She's really shy about her..I'm
not sure why. If she sleeps over or something and its just us
two, she's the same way. When she slept over last weekend, she
could barely manage to dress in front of me....and I nude the
whole time. She did finally take her clothes off, but she turned
and tried to hide herself from me. I managed to see her, though,
and she looked as normal as ever, to me. She has a really light
colored..you know, and it looked normal to me. I guess she's
just shy about it. She's getting over though it, I think. It
was a miracle she even took her pants off. " I sat and listened
to my sister ramble on,"Yeh...Don, he's pretty cool, but he
didn't play along totally either. He choose "truth" a lot. I
could tell you and him were excited tonight.....it's pretty
obvious." I blushed and said,"Well, what did you expect....I
hate to say it, but you were the real turn on. Don couldn't keep
his eyes off you." My sister was proud and said,"Gee..Yeh, I saw
Don staring....and you. Tell me, when you front mooned Brenda,
did she even look?" I told her she didn't really, except for a
second at tops. Cathy had figured this,"I knew it. Brenda is
shy about guys things, too." Cathy stopped talking and we both
tried to think of something to say. Cathy finally spoke
up,"Well, that was fun. We'll have to play some more later.
Eric, how bout' we each give one more dare to each other?" I
vehimently agreed and let her go first. Cathy popped up in
excitement and read her dare,"Ok..Eric, I dare you to let me
play chicken with you?" Chicken, I thought. Great! I quickly
agreed. Cathy walked over to me and sat next to me. I had
planned on letting her start on my feet and then I'd make her
stop when she took off my underwear(which I knew she would).
Cathy pushed my shoulders hard onto the floor. By surprise, my
sister had begun to remove my underwear. I couldn't break her
heart, so I let the game continue. Before I realized what was
going on, I felt a hot and wet sensation being applied to my
penis. My sister was in the process of sucking me off! I
thought this was chicken, and my sis' was giving me a great
blowjob! She had been on my cock for about ten seconds before I
came. Like a bomb, my cum shot high in the air and then oozed
down my shaft. I pumped my butt cheeks hard and tightened my
stomach as I saw about eight individual spurts spill from my
penis. Cathy laughed as she worked her tongue along my dick.
She neatly cleaned my body from cum and stood up and said,"You're
turn......". We both laughed and called it a night!
 
 
 
 
VII. "Early Experiments..."
 
 
 My friend, JB, was sleeping over and we sat watching TV. My
sister joined us and soon started up a conversation. Cathy told
us how she had recently seen a show on hypnotism. Anyhow, after
a while of explaining, Cathy said that it was easy to hypnotize
someone. She claimed she had already hypnotized two people. Of
course, JB and I quickly argued her truth. But Cathy stood
firm,"Really!"...she explained,"I did...If willing, anyone can
easily be hypnotized. I already hypnotized Dawn and her brother
Billy." I had never heard of the named and neither had JB. We
went along with it anyhow. She offered to hypnotize one of us.
JB refused the embarrassment. I agreed just for fun. Cathy had
me lay down on the floor and close my eyes. She told me to try
to act sleepy and willing. I did. Soon she began to rub my
temples slowly and chanted some hypnotic words. I tried not to
laugh but soon I burst into tears. Cathy was disappointed and
remarked,"Its just cuz' you didn't try.....". Quickly my sis'
offered an alternative,"Ok..you'll can hypnotize me....just do
what I did." She laid on the ground. JB took to her temples and
I sat by her side.
After about five minutes Cathy appeared to be hypnotized...or
asleep. JB stopped massaging her temples and looked at me for
instruction. Neither of us knew if someone was hypnotized and
the only hypnotism we've seen was in cartoons. So we decided to
test out our knowledge. I said to JB,"Well, I guess ask her to
do something..". JB thought for a moment and instructed my
sleepy sis',"Cathy. I command you to stand up." We watched as
my sis' slowly arose. She had opened her eyes now and was
wearing a blank face. JB continued,"Ok..hold out your arms..".
Cathy did as instructed. Soon we realized anything could be
suggested and if she was really hypnotized she would comply....or
we thought. I took over the commands,"Cathy, if you are
hypnotized then...kiss JB." "What!", was JB's reply. Cathy
walked to my friend and kissed his hand. Well, it was start. At
this point JB and I knew we could have some fun trying to prove
my sister's faking it or if she's really at our control. I
looked to Cathy and commanded,"Ok..if you're hypnotized, then
eat this...". I handed my sister a prepared mix of Coca Cola and
pepper with horseradish. She looked at it and began to drink.
She gagged on the concoction and refused to drink more. However,
this proved nothing since under hypnotism people still act with
their senses. JB had an idea. He took to my sister with this
command,"Ok..let's find out. Cathy, take off your shirt.". I
looked at JB and nodded with agreeance. Sis had a blouse on and
began to unbutton it slowly. Finally Cathy threw the shirt to
the floor. JB and I were satisfied of her truth. We began to
wonder how far she would go...whether she was hypnotized or not.
JB and I were getting horny looking at my sexy sister standing,
waiting, for her next instruction. Quickly JB had her remove her
bra. She complied and allowed unevened, up close examination of
her lovely form. As you know by now, she has small breasts, but
they are big enough to form shape. JB looked to me for guidance.
I told him he could do whatever he wanted.....maybe. Knowing JB
he wanted to fuck her. I didn't want that though, and told him
so. JB agreed that was fair. JB asked me what to do next. I
told him that it was up to him. I didn't think JB knew that my
sister was really turning me on. However, he looked at me and
asked politely,"Eric....I know Cathy is your sister and all...but
she's pretty hot, don't you ever look at her and all....?" I
honestly answered, "Well...yeh, sometimes, I guess. Being my
sis' though, it's not really hard to see her if I wanted." This
excited JB and he asked me,"Yeh, really. I know what you mean."
He was referring to Brenda, his sister. JB
asked,"Eric...really, have you ever seen your sister nude?" I
quickly replied,"Of course, she is my sister. Every morning,
before school, Cathy, me, and my mom all had to shower in a hour
time frame. My mom usually went first and I next. So I'd be
drying off and Cathy would come in and just take off her clothes
and go in the shower. " JB was amazed,"Wow! I wish I was your
brother...". I asked him,"JB, surely you've seen Brenda before?"
JB replied,"Yeh, actually I have. But not everyday. " JB and I
looked to Cathy who was leaning against the sofa still awaiting
our instructions. Both JB and I were excited after the talk. JB
quickly gave my sister instructions,"Cathy. Take off your
clothes...all of them." I would have felt bad, but was horny and
wanted to see my sis'. Surprisingly she did. As she removed her
clothes piece by piece, JB's and mine penis' began to awaken.
Soon all of her clothes were off. JB looked surprised as he
stared between my sister's legs. I spoke up,"Yeh...quite a rug,
huh?" JB said,"Really...". It was true, Cathy did indeed posses
a large amount of pubic hair. Not too much, but it was solid
black and covered a wide area. "What now", I asked JB. JB
walked over to Cathy and began to feel her breasts. Cathy's
tranced body shook as his hands explored her. I warned him not
to go too far too soon. He backed off. However, I was horny as
hell. I approached my sister and spoke my commands,"Cathy....lie
on the floor." She did. JB picked up my
commands,"Cathy...spread your legs wide apart." Before I could
complain about JB's request my sis' had split her thighs far
apart. After seeing this I couldn't complain. Both JB and I
were mesmerized. Cathy's vagina had peeled away to expose her
cunt. Boners were all around the room. We approached Cathy and
leaned over to look at her ugly, black and gray vagina. JB
leaned down with his hand and brushed her mess with his finger.
She flinched. Quickly I commanded my sister,"Cathy...play with
yourself..." JB couldn't wait. Cathy's hands snapped to her
pussy. She rubbed her palms on her mound and wrenced her body
around. Meanwhile, JB asked me nicely,"Eric...I know she's your
sister and all, but, can I tell her to suck me?" I wasn't sure I
should let him ask my sister that. I really wanted Cathy to suck
me off, actually. Perhaps JB noticed and added,"Eric...if she's
really hypnotized, she won't remember....why don't you make suck
you too? It'll be worth it.." I looked to Cathy and asked,
"Cathy...suck me off..ok? And JB. " Cathy went to JB. His
penis was already out of his pants. She knelt before him and
slowly moved her open mouth to his cock. Just as her lips were
about to wrap his penis, she backed off and startlingly and
clearly said,"You guys! I'm was just faking...I'm not
hypnotized!" JB and I turned white and froze. She continued,"I
just wanted to see what you'd make me do. Apparently, a lot."
She was still very near to JB's cock and looked up at him and
spoke,"JB, I'm gonna have to tell Brenda about this..", she now
had his cock in her hands, "JB...smaller than I thought....but
good enough." Before I realized it, Cathy was giving him a
blowjob. When she was done, she kneeled over to me and spoke
with cum on her face,"Eric...You can't get enough I guess. But,
I'm not gonna suck you off." I was disappointed and looked
grim. Cathy laughed and smiled at me,"...but I will give you a
hand job." She did, and it was very nice. I came all over her
shoulders.
