Archive-name: Family/sister19.txt
Archive-author: unknown
Archive-title: Horny Peeping Sister 01 - 09


                                  Chapter 1

    The woman writhed around on the bed and out in the darkness of the alley
beyond her lighted window, the boy stood watching.  She teased her nipples
through the filmy negligee she wore, and the boy saw her lips moving as a
man, naked, wandered into the picture of the brightly lit window.
    Tom Moon sighed and stood with his legs spread wide apart.  He stuffed
both his hands down into the front pockets of his jeans and stared, his eyes
wide with envy and wonder as the man inside the window slid onto the bed and
took the lovely brunette in the black nightie into his arms and kissed her.
    The couple rolled together, with the man ending up on top.  Tom could
see that as they kissed the woman reached between their bodies and took hold
of her lover's prick.  Tom knew that the man's cock was big and he couldn't
wait to see the woman take it.  His own cock slithered down one leg of his
jeans, and Tom nudged it with his fingertips, moving it to a more
comfortable position.
    The woman's slender arms jerked on the man's cock, which was still
pressed between their undulating bodies.  The man's naked ass humped and
rolled and Tom imagined the tip of his cock was running up along the woman's
hairy cunt.  Tom had never felt a pussy around his own prick but he knew,
from watching the ecstasy that it brought others, that it was an incredible
feeling.
    At last the man rolled off the woman and she quickly crawled up on top
of him, straddling his waist with her long, white legs.  As she moved, Tom
got a flash of her naked, brown-haired cunt beneath her thin nightie and his
cock lurched, pounding in his jeans.
    As she sat down on the man's cock, Tom watched her pretty face contort
with happiness.  She faced him completely, with the man beneath her partly
hidden from view.  But Tom didn't care that he couldn't see the man she was
fucking.  All he cared about was this wonderful, sexy woman and the
wonderful way she looked when she had a cock inside of her.
    His hands still jammed inside his pockets, Tom tickled the sides of his
stiffening prick-shaft.  His mouth hung open, dry with excitement.  He no
longer noticed his surroundings, the dark back alley in which he stood.  Now
he had been transported and stood in that brightly lit bedroom, watching the
fucking taking place there.
    A pair of hands appeared on the woman's tits, crushing them against her
chest.  First they caressed her big tits through the dark fabric that
covered them.  Then, impatiently they flipped the thin covering up and
touched her naked skin.  The dark nightie filtered down again, covering the
hands, and Tom watched the fingers kneading her tit-flesh through it, as if
through a fine film of erotic mist.
    As the man tossed the nightie up to get at the woman's tits, Tom was
treated to a look at the dark triangle of cunt-hair between her legs.  As
the man worked her titties, the nightie worked up so that Tom could see the
contrast between her white lower belly and the dark hair of her cunt.  Her
pussy-hair was flush against the lower belly of the man, and Tom knew that
she had his cock far up inside of her.
    The woman let her head roll back, her long hair falling behind her
shoulders as she moved her lower body in slow, sensuous circles.  The dark
vee of her pussy hair moved slightly and Tom's eyes were riveted to it,
imagining what was taking place inside her body right there.  It was as if
he had x-ray vision and could see the cock that penetrated her, filling her
pussy with its girth and power.

    Gradually the woman began to speed up her fucking motions.  Her hips
rolled round and round in faster and faster circles.  Then she started
moving up and down, letting the cock slide in and out of her cunt.  At first
she moved only a little.  But then her fuck-stroke grew longer and little by
little Tom could see the slick shaft of the man's cock as it slithered out
of her dripping cunt.
    "Yeah, baby," Tom sighed, both his hands covering the pounding front of
his jeans.  "Fuck it out!"
    The woman leaned forward, feeding the man one of her big tits.  She
tossed her long hair back over one shoulder to keep it out of the man's way
and Tom was glad.  Now he could see her tits clearly.  The man sucked one
through the black gauze of the nightie and the woman rolled her eyes in
ecstasy.
    Tom couldn't see just what the man was doing to the woman's tit, but he
could see the effect it was having on her.  She continued to pump her cunt
up and down his cock while he sucked her tit and, from the way she jerked
and shuddered, Tom knew that the man's mouth on her tit felt very good.
    Then, suddenly she sat back up straight again and for a second Tom saw
the wet fabric of her nightie plastered to her white tit.  Her nipple stuck
out through the material and even with its dark covering Tom could tell that
her nipple was as red as a cherry.  Then, with a quick, frantic motion, the
woman jerked her nightie off and tossed it aside, leaving herself completely
naked on top of the prone man.
    "Holy Christ!" Tom grunted, his cock begging for release.  "What a horny
bitch!"
    Gloriously naked, the young woman shook her titties at her lover
playfully and grinned down at him.  But, when the man reached out to touch
her naked tits, she leaned back away from him, smiling sexily.
    For an instant Tom was disappointed.  He liked it when the man pawed her
tits, pulling and smashing them with his big hands.  But his disappointment
didn't last long for the woman continued to lean back, putting her hands
behind herself to keep her balance.  Before he knew it, Tom had a better
view of her cunt, stuffed with the man's cock, than ever before!
    With her dark-haired cunt pointed right at him, Tmo couldn't stand it
any more.  Carefully he released his zipper and immediately his cock sprang
out.  When he went out at night like this, he never wore any underwear, and
so his cock stuck out straight through the open fly of his jeans, a white
pole in the darkness of the night.  He undid the snap of his pants and
sighed with satisfaction as he at last took his straining prick in his own
cool hand.
    Even as he let his cock bob out, Tom never took his eyes off this
magical woman.  Her whole body was stretched out for his viewing pleasure.
Her tits rose high on her chest and her slim midsection was stretched out
taut and long.  But, best of all, her thighs were slightly parted and, as
she bobbed up and down, he could see very clearly the base of the man's cock
as it disappeared up into her perfect body.
    For a few seconds Tom just held his cock, so enraptured by the sight of
the woman.  Then his cock, as if impatient for some action, gave a jerk,
reminding him of his own needs.  He glanced down at his hard-on, gripped
tightly in his fingers, and then he looked back up at the window, his hand
automatically starting to work up and down the length of his rigid prick-
shaft.
    The cool air of the early evening stirred the hairs around the base of
Tom's prick and touched his hot cock-skin.  The fluids ran from the hole in
the tip of his cock-shaft and he absently smeared them around with his
thumb.  They covered the head of his cock and excited him a bit more.

    With his other hand he scooped his balls out of the confines of his
jeans and let them dangle down tenderly over his zipper.  He wiggled just a
bit and his pants slipped down his thighs just a couple of inches, allowing
his fuck-parts more room.  As the cool evening air touched them, his balls
automatically snuggled up around the base of his throbbing prick.
    Back inside the bedroom, the fucking had gotten faster and more
furious.  The woman had brought her feet up alongside the man's body and was
slamming her cunt back onto his upthrusting prick.  At the moment she was
taking just the very tip of his prick into her and the rest of his thick
shaft remained outside of her body, glistening with her cunt-juices.
    Tom licked his lips and pounded his hand up and down the shaft of his
cock.  Each time he saw the rounded hand of the man's cock punch in between
the waiting lips of the woman's pussy, he ran his fist over the top of his
own prick.  He didn't know just what it would feel like to actually
penetrate a cunt, but he imagined it would be something like fucking through
the ring of his fist, so he did it over and over, moving with the woman,
pretending he was fucking her.
    Then she increased the length of her fucking motions and took in all of
her lover's prick.  She looked up into the man's face as she fucked him and
Tom could see her heavy-lidded passion.  Each time her hips went all the way
forward and the man's cock disappeared completely into the dark bush of her
cunt, she opened her mouth and Tom imagined her giving a little cry.  It was
almost as if she expected the man's cock to go fucking right through her
body and come out her mouth.
    She slammed back at him, her body arching up a little more each time.
When his cock pulled out of her cunt, it was always wet with her
cunt-juices.  The red slit of her open pussy blazed at Tom and the little
knot at the top of her cunt-slit was the reddest of all.
    Her body arched up off the man completely, the only point of contact
between them being his cock into her cunt.  Again Tom saw her say something
and then she stopped moving, holding herself arched above him, her cunt
gaping open.
    Then it was the man's turn to fuck.  Although Tom couldn't see all of
him he could see his cock very well.  It surged up and filled the woman's
waiting pussy.  She didn't fuck back at him this time but rather held her
body still, letting him pound her at whatever pace he chose.  Sometimes his
cock plunged into her completely and her mouth opened, other times he gave
her just his prick-head, rolling it around inside of her cunt and she threw
her head back and writhed.
    Tom's hand thundered up and down the rigid shaft of his own prick.  He
forgot that he was standing in an alley, where anyone coming out to empty a
trash can or walk a dog might see him.  Usually Tom was more careful, hiding
himself behind a bush or fence.  But tonight his usual caution was absent
and he was standing right in the center of the alley, watching the couple
through a low point in the fence.
    At the other end of the alley a figure hurried along.  It was Becky
Moon, rushing to get home.  After her piano lesson she had stopped at a
friend's house to talk and time had gotten away from her.  Now Becky knew
she would be in trouble when she got home because it was so late.
    Usually Becky didn't like to use this alley at night.  It was dark and
kind of creepy.  But tonight she was in a big hurry and it was a short cut
home.  Becky hurried along, her head down, her brow furrowed.  She could
just imagine how her mother was going to bitch at her and she didn't look
forward to it.

    Her sneakers were very quiet as she moved rapidly.  She hugged her
notebook of music to her budding tits and tossed her long blonde hair back
over her shoulders.  Quickly she looked up to see how much farther she had
to go before reaching the end of the alley and then she gave a little gasp
and stopped completely.
    Ahead of her, Becky could see a boy standing in the middle of the
alley.  He was looking into a backyard and it looked like he was pissing!
Becky didn't know what to do.  She didn't want to walk by him, that would be
too embarrassing.  Yet something kept her from turning around and running
back down the alley.  She knew she needed to get home, but she also wanted
to watch this boy.
    She took a few steps forward and then crouched down behind a trashcan a
few feet from where he was.  The shadows fell across his face, but she could
plainly see that he did have his cock out.  Becky swallowed hard.  She'd
never seen a real cock before, but she and her friend Vicky had just been
looking at lots of them in magazines.  That was why she was so late...
    She put her notebook down and knelt on it, making herself comfortable.
She was quite sure this wouldn't take long -- even boys couldn't piss
forever.  But then she realized that, although she could see his cock
perfectly, she could see no piss coming from it.  Then, like a ton of
bricks, it hit her -- the boy was jacking off!
    "Oh wow!" she gasped.  "I wish Vicky could see this!"
    Tom didn't realize that he had an audience.  He kept jacking on his
prick, feeling the come churning in his balls.  More juices flowed from the
hole in the tip of his prick and he spread them along his whole cock-shaft,
allowing his hand to slip up and down his cock with ever-increasing
swiftness.
    The woman in the window was slick with sweat from her vigorous fucking.
Her arms wobbled as she continued to hold herself up and let her lover pound
her with his cock.  Then, all at once, Tom saw her body go rigid and then
collapse in a gale of shudders.  She flopped forward again, taking the man's
cock completely inside of her and hugging his chest, her body still wracked
with climactic spasms.
    "She came!" Tom muttered in awe.
    After caressing her for a moment and giving her a chance to recover from
her climax, the man inside the window shoved the woman back up onto his
cock.  Her face was more flushed then ever, and Tom noticed she seemed a
little limp now.
    The man humped up, drilling his cock back into the woman and as Tom
watched, it was like his cock was pumping her full of air and life.  The
more he fucked her, the more the brunette regained her strength and her zeal
for fucking.  After just a few strokes she sat up as straight and tall as
ever on his prick, the weakness brought on by her strong orgasm forgotten.
    "She's still hot," Tom sighed enviously.  "What a hot cunt!"
    Tom bucked his hips forward, fucking his fist.  Pre-cum dripped from his
fingers and dribbled down into the alley.  His eyes burned from being open
for so long without blinking.  But he was afraid to close them for even a
split second for fear he would miss something good.
    Across the alley and down a bit, Becky stared avidly too.  Her cunt felt
funny inside her jeans and she shifted around a bit, trying to make the
feeling go away.  She saw how the boy's hand went up and down on his cock
and she saw how big his prick was.  Becky wondered who he was and if she
knew him.  She also wondered what he was looking at.

    Tom's breathing was loud and heavy and Becky could hear it from where
she sat.  His fucking motions got faster and more heated as did the fucking
inside the house.  But Becky couldn't see what he saw.  She only knew that
he was there and that he was making her hot, too.
    Becky knelt on her notebook, her aching pussy grinding back against her
heel.  She had never experienced anything like this before, but she liked
the way it made her feel.  Her eyes drilled into the boy's profile, moving
from his illuminated cock to his hidden face.
    Her eyes were on his cock when she heard him give a strange, strangled
cry.  For an instant she looked again at his face and then her eyes flicked
back to his cock just in time to see the first of many white jets burst
forth and splatter against the fence a few feet in front of him.
    Becky whimpered too.  Watching the boy shoot off made her feel sort of
woozy.  She was a virgin but this, even more than the pictures she had
looked at with Vicky, convinced her that she just had to get fucked soon.
Seeing all that jizz made her lick her lips in anticipation.
    Just seconds after he came, Tom saw the man in the house come too.  The
man's lips parted and Tom imagined the sounds of pleasure that he made.  Tom
wanted to let out a loud cry too, but he held back, remembering for once
where he was.
    Tom couldn't see the come the man shot up into the woman, but he could
imagine it.  He pretended that the stream of jizz that shot from his prick
was filling the lovely woman's pussy.  What would that be like?  he asked
himself.
    For a few seconds after he came, Tom stood still, weak with release.
The couple inside had curled up together and they were caressing and kissing
each other softly.  Tom had a feeling that the show was not over, but he
knew that he had to get home.  His mother really gave him hell when he
stayed out after dark too long without her knowing where he was.
    With a heavy sigh and a silent promise to return again soon, Tom tucked
his rubbery prick back inside his pants and zipped them up again.  Then,
with a quick glance around, he hurried on down the alley toward his house.
    Becky pulled herself back as the boy put his cock away and then ran on
down the alley.  But as he moved, the light hit him and Becky did a double-
take.  That was no boy, that was her brother Tom!
    For a few moments she stayed crouched behind the trashcan, the shock of
what she had seen still very fresh in her mind.  Then, on unsteady legs, she
stood up, her pussy pounding in her jeans, and headed off in the same
direction as Tom had.  As she ran home for dinner, she wasn't sure how she
would be able to face her brother across the table after what she had just
seen.


                                  Chapter 2

    By the time Becky got home, her parents and brother were all seated at
the dinner table eating quietly.  From the look on her brother's face, Becky
could tell that he'd already gotten his scolding and she slid into her place
at the table, awaiting her own.
    "Where have you been, young lady?" her mother snapped, jabbing her fork
at Becky.  "Don't you have a watch?  Can't you see that it's dark?"
    "Sorry," Becky mumbled, helping herself to a pork chop.  "My lesson was
a little late and then I stopped over at Vicky's.  We got to talking and I
didn't notice the time and..."
    Becky's words trailed off and for a moment everyone sat in silence.

    "Don't you know it's dangerous out there on the streets after dark?" her
mother went on.  "You never know what kind of wierdos and perverts are out
there just waiting for a girl like you."
    Becky glanced over at her brother, but their mother's words seemed to
have little effect on Tom.  He just scooped up the last of his mashed
potatoes and slid his chair back.
    "Can I be excused?" Tom asked as he balled up his napkin and tossed it
next to his plate.
    "Go ahead, Son," Mr. Moon said, speaking softly and formally.
    "And no television," his mother called as Tom got up from the table.  "I
won't have my children thinking that they can run around the neighborhood
like cats.  When they learn to act responsibly they'll get the respect they
deserve from me, but until then..."
    As usual, the tirade went on and on, but Becky didn't hear it.  She
watched her brother head up the stairs to his room, and she followed him as
quickly as she could, passing by his closed door and entering her own room.
    Dinner sat in her stomach like a lead balloon as Becky shucked her
clothes and stretched out on her bed in just her bra and panties.  It felt
good to take her clothes off, it made her feel free and good, except for the
strange thoughts that troubled her.
    Becky lay on her back and stared up at the ceiling, finding patterns in
the rough stucco.  She couldn't believe what she'd seen her brother doing.
If she hadn't seen it with her own eyes, she would have thought that it
couldn't possibly be true.  And even though she had seen it, she couldn't
imagine why Tom would do such a thing.
    Becky rolled over onto her tummy, her young tits making a small cleavage
in her white bra.  She supported her chin on her fists and remembered every
detail of what she had seen, thinking that there might be something that she
had missed that would explain Tom's strange behavior.
    Tom was a good-looking boy, tall with dark curly hair.  He was popular
with the other boys at school, but Becky hadn't seen him with too many
girls.  Still, she was sure that there were plenty of girls who would want
him if he just tried.  If he was horny, why didn't he get a girlfriend?  she
wondered.
    As she thought about her brother and his possible motives, Becky began
to rock her hips slightly.  At first she didn't even really realize she was
doing it.  It was a natural motion, one brought on by the sexy pictures that
ran through her mind.  She saw her brother holding his prick and the way his
jizz had shot against the wooden fence.
    Becky gradually became aware of a strange, warm feeling in her lower
belly.  She humped her pantied crotch up and down and realized that the
fabric was wet with her pussy-juices.
    "I hope Tom doesn't think he's the only one who gets horny," she
whispered, rolling over onto her back.
    It seemed to Becky that she was always horny these days.  Although she
had never fucked and until recently had never wanted to fuck, now the idea
of losing her cherry seemed to obsess her.  All she and Vicky talked about
these days was who they would like to fuck and where and how.  Her own
brother had never once appealed to her in that way but what Becky had
witnessed tonight changed all that.
    As she ran her finger around the wet spot at the crotch of her panties,
Becky wondered if Tom has ever fucked a girl.  Then she wondered if he had
ever finger-fucked one.
    "Would you like to fuck me?" she asked her imaginary brother as she
reached up and opened the front clasp of her bra while her other hand
continued to rub her panty-covered cunt.

    The bra popped apart and her pert titties stood up firm and round.  They
weren't very big, but for a girl her age they weren't bad and Becky was
satisfied with them.  She saw the trouble Vicky had with her giant titties
and she was glad she didn't have those kinds of problems.  Yes, she thought
as she cupped one of her nice titties, I like mine just fine.
    Both her hands moved in circles, one rubbing all around the soft mound
of one tit while the tip of one finger on the other teased the bumps and
holes around her cunt.  She ran that finger up and down the wet furrow of
her cunt, beginning at the dry indentation of her asshole and moving up into
the wet valley of her cunthole and over the hump of her clit.  With each
circuit the crotch of her panties got wetter and softer.
    Becky licked her fingertips and spread a little moisture over the
nipples of her tits.  Instantly the little red nubbins got harder and more
pointed.  Now, as she rubbed them, they were more sensitive than ever and
the sizzling sensations that ran from the inner depths of her cunt up to her
nipples and back down intensified.
    "Hummmm, yeahhh," Becky sighed.  "We could fuck, Tom, sure, we could get
it onnn!"
    She let the heel of her hand rest on her cunt-mound and humped her cunt
up off the mattress to touch it.  She directed two fingers to the place
where her clit was and jammed it against them, turning herself on more and
more.
    She heard her own loud breathing and that again reminded her of the
noises she had heard Tom make in the alley.  She was surprised to find out
that the sounds a boy made when he came were not that much different than
the sounds a girl made when she came.
    Becky humped her ass up off the bed with ever-increasing speed.  At
first it felt good, but it soon grew frustrating, and Becky knew she needed
more direct stimulation.
    Abruptly she reached down and skimmed off her panties.  Then, before she
lay back down, she wiggled her shoulders and doffed her opened bra.  Then
she settled back down again, her knees up and bent, her slender body naked
on her double bed.
    When her fingertip first touched her naked cunt directly, Becky jumped,
her own touch surprising her.  Her pussy was very hot and very wet and her
finger felt as if it might be sucked right up into her body.  She held just
the tip at the mouth of her cunt for a second, testing the way the lips of
her pussy opened and closed, almost as if they were breathing.
    Then, slowly, she rolled her finger around the mouth of her pussy,
keeping just the tip inside herself.  The heat her body generated never
ceased to amaze her, and she wondered if every girl her age was as hot as
she was, or if she was some sort of freak.  Maybe if she could get her
brother to fuck her she would be able to tell if she was normal or not.
Maybe Tom would know.
    Her free hand trailed back up to her titties and again began to touch
and stroke them.  Her nipples spiked right up, growing more and more excited
as she worked over the sensitive meat of her dripping cunt.  Her hand moved
from one tit to the other, never leaving either alone and untouched for long.
    Becky tighted and loosened the muscles of her cunt around her finger,
taking it inside her body a bit at a time, as if her cunt were eating it.
Soon her finger was completely enveloped in the soft, squishy warmth of her
cunt and she rolled it around inside of herself.
    "Hummm," she sighed.  "That feels gooooddd!"

    The circles her finger made in the mouth of her cunt gradually got
bigger until her cunt-mouth had opened wide enough to take a second finger.
Becky felt very full with the two digits inside her body and wondered if she
would even be able to take a cock if she was offered one.  Her brother's
cock had looked pretty big.  What if it wouldn't fit inside of her?  What if
it hurt her?
    But such unpleasant thoughts were forced from her mind by the more
enjoyable feelings that ran through her body thanks to her magical fingers.
She fucked them in and out of herself, gently at first and then, as her
passion grew, with greater and greater strength.
    The hand on her tits pinched and pulled on her nipples.  The tit-tips
got thick with blood, and Becky felt her heartbeat pulsing behind her left
tit.  Her mouth was wide open as she gasped in air and she closed it briefly
to swallow hard.  Then she let it fall open and slack again as she
concentrated on the pleasant way her body tingled.
    The harder and faster she played with herself, the more excited she
became.  Her long blonde hair was trapped beneath her and along the sides of
her face, and across her forehead she grew wet with the sweat of her
mounting passion.  She her whole naked body glistened with sweat and she
smeared the small pool that had collected between her tits across the
sprouting mounds.
    She bit her lip and closed her eyes, the darkness behind her eyelids
like a movie theatre that replayed the films of what she had seen her
brother doing in that alley.  She imagined that he had been watching
something very sexy, perhaps two people fucking.  Becky surprised herself
when she responded to that thought.  She knew then that she would like to
watch other people fucking, too.  The idea turned her on and made her pussy
even juicier than before.
    "I see you fucking," she told the imaginary couple.  "Tom and I are
watching you, you fuckers.  Yeah!  Fuck it good!"
    She arched up to meet her thrusting fingers, taking them both inside of
her body time and again.  Already her insides were starting to flutter and
Becky knew it wouldn't be long before she came.  The thought of watching
others fucking made her lust soar and she drilled her cunt.
    As her fucking hand grew tired, Becky pulled it from her soggy pussy
with a slick sound and brought it to her tits.  While she wiped her creamy
sauce off all over the firm flesh of her titties, her other hand went to
work on her cunt.
    When she first slid her two dry fingers into her cunt, it was a bit
painful.  The wet interior of her pussy stuck to the skin of her fingers and
pulled a bit.  Becky eased back, giving her hand a moment to become slick
with her juices before pushing it into her cunt any farther.  Once it was
lubricated with cunt-cream her hand slithered up into her body as easily as
anything.
    The cunt-juice she had smeared all over her tits began to dry and as it
did it pulled her skin, puckering as it lost its moisture.  Becky liked the
way her tits felt crinkled up and pulled together.  The drying cunt-juice
got tauter and tauter until it cracked and then began to cake off her skin,
leaving the soft pink flesh beneath it bare and pure once again.
    The smell of her cunt filled the room and made Becky slightly drunk.  As
she finger-fucked herself, sometimes she felt as if she were someone else,
someone crazy and wild, someone who wanted to fuck her own brother.  She
knew it was the fuck-lust that made her feel this way.  It was like a drug
and Becky found that recently she couldn't get enough of it.
    "I wanna fuck, I wanna fuck!" she chanted, jamming her fingers into her
pussy in time with her words.  "Do you hear me Tom?  I wanna fuck you!"

    In her mind the words were loud and true, but in reality they were
little more than impassioned whispers.  Becky knew that she couldn't risk
someone, especially her mother, hearing her innermost thoughts.
    Cunt-juice sloshed over the sides of her pussy and made the tops of her
inner thighs slick and slippery.  She panted louder and louder, the blood
racing through her veins and making her nipples and clit stand up proudly.
    Becky's pretty face was contorted by fuck-lust.  She jammed her cunt
extra hard, promising herself that this was the last time she would fuck
herself with her fingers without knowing what it felt like to have a real
cock inside her pussy-hole.
    As her orgasm gathered strength, so did her resolve to fuck her
brother.  Tom was definitely the one she wanted, and if he was desperate
enough to be jacking himself off in dark alley ways, Becky was sure that he
would not turn down a chance to fuck her, even if she was his own sister.
    In fact, the more Becky thought about it, the more the idea of fucking
her own brother -- because he was her own brother -- appealed to her.  She
had never heard the word incest before, but the concept made her hot and she
fucked her fingers in and out of her pussy with incredible force.
    The fingers running in and out of her pussy were all slick with her
juices, as was most of that hand.  Her cunt was awash with the creamy fluids
of her pussy and she used the thumb of her fucking hand to smear some of
that soft stuff over the top of her throbbing clit.
    "Yeah!" she gasped, her hips jerking up involuntarily.  "Make me come,
Tom, make me come hard!"
    She spat out her hot words, balls of spit shooting from her excited
lips.  She sucked back the little strings of over-eager drool and rolled her
fingers around inside of her pussy, holding them in deep and stirring around
her insides.
    Her whole body moved with the intensity of her fucking motions.  She
brought her other hand from her tits back to her cunt and began to claw at
her pounding clitty with it while she kept up her strong, even fucking tempo
with the other hand.
    Becky wanted to scream out her joy, her ecstasy, but she knew she didn't
dare.  She didn't even want to think about what her mother would do if she
even knew that Becky was touching herself this way.  Becky felt her
excitement wane as she thought of her tyrannical mother so she quickly
switched her thoughts to a more pleasant -- and erotic -- topic, her brother.
    As she rolled her clitty around and around, smashing it flat against the
bone behind it, Becky tried to imagine what it would be like to have Tom on
top of her, fucking her with his big cock.  She pretended that she felt his
weight pushing down on her while he pumped her full of his jizz.  The
feelings were so real Becky felt herself soaring higher and higher on a
cloud of sensations.  She just had to get Tom to fuck her for real, she just
had to!
    "Yes, yes, yes," she chanted.  "Fuck me, yes, yes, yes..."
    She punctuated her words with jabs of her fingers and circles of her
other hand on her clit.  Her hips began to jerk and her breathing grew
slightly louder.  Becky could feel that familiar tightening in her belly and
she kicked her legs up into the air, holding them up and out in a big V,
wishing Tom's body was there to fall in between them.
    Her eyes looked right up at her feet swaying over her, but she didn't
see them.  Her whole being was taken over by the feelings of approaching
orgasm.  It felt as if some giant were tightening all of her insides and she
knew that shortly he would again let that string go and she would come like
she had never come before.

    "Give it to me, give it to me!" she grunted.
    The taut feeling inside of her increased until Becky thought her head
would surely pop off.  Then, just when she couldn't stand it anymore and her
wrist ached from fucking herself with such vigor, it all burst apart.
    "Yeahhh!" she sighed.  "Do it, yeahhh!"
    Her body shuddered, and she jammed her fingers deep into herself.  She
held them there, letting her cunt move around them.  The feeling of release
was total, and everything in Becky's world was momentarily blacked out while
she pulsed with orgasm.
    Then, as she allowed her knees to bend and brought her feet back down
onto the bed, she again became conscious of rational thought and the first
thing she thought about was Tom.  Ahhh, she sighed to herself, tomorrow is
gonna be some kind of day!


                                  Chapter 3

    Each day after school, Tom and Becky were left alone in the house for a
few hours until their parents got home from work.  Although the teenagers
were old enough to be left on their own, their mother insisted that they
stay in the house and not answer the door or telephone.  Neither Becky nor
Tom liked the arrangement, but they had learned to accept it.  It was easier
to just do what she asked rather than argue with their mother.
    Usually they spent the time watching television or doing various things
in their rooms.  It was usually a quiet time for it was not unknown for
their mother to come home early and check up on them.  Neither child wanted
to get in trouble with their mother so they both spent the time doing
simple, unexciting things.
    But today would be different, Becky vowed.  She knew for a fact that her
mother had an important meeting at the office and couldn't possibly come
home to check on them and so she intended to confront her brother with what
she had seen him doing the other night in the alley.
    All day long Becky's heart pounded.  During her classes, she hardly
heard a word that her teachers said because her cunt was so itchy all she
could think about was satisfying it.  She knew that, if she played her cards
just right, her own brother would be fucking her before the day was done.
    Becky got home first after running all the way from school.  She ran
right up into the bathroom and took a quick shower, being careful not to get
her long blonde hair wet.  Then she stood naked in front of her open closet
trying to decide what to wear for the seduction of her brother.
    Finally she picked out a very short skirt and matching sleeveless
blouse.  She left one too many buttons on the front of the blouse open and
decided to skip wearing shoes.  Then she brushed her hair until it was shiny
and perfect.  Just as she put down her hairbrush, she heard her brother come
in.
    She stood in the middle of her bedroom listening as Tom did what he did
every afternoon.  First he went to the refrigerator and took a big drink of
milk right out of the carton.  Then he grabbed a handful of cookies and
headed up the stairs to his room.  Becky stood back as he passed her door.
She didn't want him to know that she'd beaten him home.
    The blood pounded in her ears as she waited a few more minutes, letting
him get settled.  She knew he was working on a model in his room and she
only hoped that he liked the smell of her pussy better than the smell of
model glue.

    At last she felt that the time was right.  She took a deep breath and
padded barefoot down the hall to his room.  His door was partly open and she
could see him at his desk, model glue in one hand, a tiny piece of gray
plastic in the other.
    "Hi!" she said, boldly entering his room, her short skirt swinging.
"That looks great."
    "Fuck!" Tom gasped, nearly jumping out of his chair.  "Jesus, Becky, you
almost scared the crap out of me!"
    Becky laughed and fixed him with a strange stare.  "You have to be more
careful, Brother Dear, you never know when other people are around."
    She laughed some more, and Tom nervously joined her.  Her ran his eyes
up and down her odd outfit and tried to decide if she meant more with her
words than a simple joke.
    "When did you get home?" he asked.
    "Just a little before you," she answered, perching on the edge of his
desk.  "I wanted to be ready to talk to you about something."
    Tom's stomach flipped, but he told himself to calm down.  He was just
paranoid if he thought that his own sister knew anything about how he often
spent his evenings.
    "Yeah?" he answered.  "What's up?"
    Becky snorted and looked from his eyes to his crotch.  "Nothing now,"
she replied.  "But there was plenty up last night."
    Brother and sister sat in silence for a few moments, each letting
Becky's meaning sink in.  Tom shifted uncomfortably in his chair and noticed
how close her long, naked was to him.  The scent of her thrilled him.
    "What do you mean?" he finally asked, trying to sound innocent.  But
Becky would have none of it.  She could feel his uneasiness and she knew
that she had him right where she wanted him.
    "I saw you last night, in the alley.  I saw it all," she said.
    "Jesus!" Tom gasped.  "You didn't tell anyone, did you?"
    Becky smiled down into his wide, pleading eyes, and rubbed her naked
thighs against him.  "No, and I don't plan to either-"
    "Good!" Tom sighed.
    "Under one condition," Becky continued, letting her words hang in the
air.
    "Anything!" Tom said quickly, "Just tell me what you want."
    Becky lifted one bare foot up and put it on her brother's crotch,
rubbing his soft prick roughly.  Both teenagers felt his prick involuntarily
respond.
    "I want your cock," she said simply.
    For an instant Tom was speechless but then, the more he thought of it,
the more the idea appealed to him.  He'd wanted to fuck a girl for a long
time now but he handn't know how to go about it.  Now here was a girl
offering herself to him - what did it matter that she was his own sister?
    "Sure, why not?" he said with surprising calm.
    "Well, come on then," Becky said, taking his hand and leading him over
to his bed.
    Each teenager was certain that the other had plenty of fucking
experience and they were each counting on the other to lead the way.
Neither wanted to admit that they were as cherry as the other and both hoped
to bluff their way through this awkward fuck.
    Becky acted very brazen, hoping to cover up her inexperience.  She
spread herself out on the bed and opened up her legs as she had seen the
women in the magazines do.  Her pussy was already wet and when she spread
her thighs and heard her brother gasp, it got even wetter.

    Like he had done it in front of a woman a million times, Tom opened his
pants and wriggled out of them.  He wanted to take his shirt off too, but he
was afraid that if he waited too long his sister might change her mind about
letting him fuck her.  So, as he had watched the man do to the brunette the
night before, he fell on top of Becky and probed around her cunt with the
tip of his prick.
    "Ohhh!" Becky gasped, all the air rushing out of her as her brother's
weight crashed down.
    She kept perfectly still, not knowing how to move or even if she should
move.  She had seen lots of pictures of people fucking, but they had all
been still photographs.  The girl didn't know how much motion fucking really
had.
    Her breathing grew hot and ragged as she felt her brother feeling around
near the opening of her cunt.  The tip of his prick knocked all around her
cunt-hole and even hit it once but then bobbed away.  Becky whimpered with
anxiety, Why didn't he just put it in her?
    Tom grunted and thrust, but his cock just couldn't seem to find her
cunt- hole.  Finally he reached down between them and grabbed his pounding
prick.  The size of his hard-on surprised even him, but he captured it and
led the dripping tip to the equally wet mouth of her cunt.
    Once he located his mark, Tom bucked his hips as he had watched so many
other men do and almost to his surprise, he felt his cock forcing its way up
into his sister's pussy.  He shoved again and sighed as more of his prick
was surrounded by the soft, moist meat of Becky's pussy.
    Becky remained still while Tom started to fuck her.  She let out short
little yelps of pain as her cunt stretched around his cock.  Although she
has been finger-fucking herself for a long time, she had never taken
anything into her cunt that felt anything near to having her brother's prick
in her pussy.
    In the groove now, Tom jabbed his sister's pussy, delighting in the way
she held his cock so tightly.  She was so soft on the inside!  It wasn't
really anything like fucking his own hand and he knew he'd never be
satisfied with beating his meat again after all this.
    Using what he'd seen others do to guide him, Tom reached up under his
sister's blouse and cupped one of her small tits.  When his fingers closed
around the pointy cone, he thought he'd died and gone to heaven.  It didn't
matter to him that his sister was not as voluptuous as many of the grown
women he'd spied on.  All he cared about was that Becky was here now, and he
was fucking her.  Her little titties could not have been more perfect to him.
    "Move your ass," he panted, fucking his whole cock into her pussy.
"Move with me, Beck, come on!"
    Her teeth still clamped over her bottom lip with the strange feelings
that caromed through her, Becky did her best to do what her brother wanted.
She started slowly at first, rocking her hips with his rhythm.  But the more
he fucked her, the more comfortable she became with the motion and before
long her body was moving with Tom, helping him fuck her with long, deep,
measured strokes.
    "Like this?" she panted, taking his hard fucking.  "Okay?"
    "Ummm-hummm," Tom replied, pounding her pussy with the full length of
his prick.
    Becky felt the juices from her cunt trickling out and running down
between the cheeks of her ass.  She also found that when she moved just
right the base of her brother's prick rubbed against her clit and made her
feel extra good.

    The juices that ran from her stuffed cunt-hole excited Becky and made
her hump up at her brother faster and faster.  She no longer suffered at all
from taking her brother's big prick.  Now she felt lost and empty each time
he pulled back and emptied her cunt.  His cock soon became part of her, and
Becky moaned in pleasure.  Fucking was everything she had hoped it would be
and she intended to do it often from now on.
    Tom was having similar thoughts.  His sister's pussy fit around his
prick-shaft and the way her moist, squishy insides held his prick and
caressed it when he fucked in and out delighted the boy.  His confidence
soared when he heard his sister sighing with joy, too.
    "You like it?" he grunted, thrusting with his cock.  "Does it feel good
to you, Beck?  Huh?  Do you like fucking me?"
    "Hummm!" Becky moaned, too overcome to speak, "Hummm, yesss!"
    She wanted to tell him that fucking his wonderful prick was the best
thing that ever happened to her.  She wanted to tell him that his cock felt
better to her than anything she had ever felt before.  She wanted to tell
him that she hoped he would never stop fucking her, but the words just
wouldn't come so she moaned and mumbled her joy and tried to make him feel
her ecstasy in the way she fucked back at him.
    Their fucking got hotter and juicier.  The precum that boiled from Tom's
prick mixed with the juices his cock forced out from deep within Becky's
cunt to form a fragrant, erotic mixture that spurred both of the horny
teenagers on.
    Tom fucked her with long, straight strokes.  Then he pulled back and
fucked her with just the tip of his cock, letting his own pleasure guide
him.  When he discovered something that felt especially good, he did it
again and again, wanting to squeeze as much enjoyment as possible out of his
first fuck.
    Like the man he had watched the night before, Tom flipped her blouse up
out of the way, baring her titties.  First he just looked at them and then
he bent down and took the tip of one in between his dry lips.
    "Yehhh," sighed Becky, arching up slightly to make her brother take in
all of the tit that he could.
    Tom licked the tit-tip and his dry lips and sucked in more of her tit-
mound.  His mouth opened wide and the soft white flesh filled it, making him
breathe through his nose.  Her nipple was far inside of his mouth now, and
he let the tit pull back out of his oral grasp so that he could thump her
nipple with his pointed tongue.
    He flicked her nip and it made Becky squeal and squirm.  Tom hadn't
expected such a reaction from her, but now that he'd gotten it, he didn't
let up.
    Becky wriggled wildly, her whole body writhing around beneath him.  Tom
had trouble keeping his mouth plastered to her wet, wiggling tit but he did
his best.  It felt very sexy to have his sister undulating beneath him and
he pressed down harder against her.
    His cock was again completely buried in her pussy, and with the way she
was writhing because of his tit-licking, Tom didn't have to fuck his sister
at all.  Becky now did all the work, moving her cunt around and around
rather than up and down the swollen shaft of her brother's cock.
    The more she moved, the harder Tom hammered on her tit-tip with his
tongue.  His breath shot out of his nostrils like fire from a dragon as he
felt his cock begin to tingle with the familiar sensation of impending
orgasm.  He prayed briefly that his sister would not suddenly pull away from
him when he started to come.  He wanted more than anything to fill her pussy
with his hot load of creamy cum.

    But Becky was too turned on to even think about taking or not taking her
brother's jizz.  His mouth tortured her with pleasure, and she writhed
around, her clit sometimes grinding against the base of his prick and making
her move even faster than before.  She wiggled and snorted, her eyes closed
and her lovely face flushed as she got her older brother off.
    Tom chewed on her tit harder as he felt the tide in his balls grow more
and more violent.  He didn't know if he should warn his sister or not that
his cream was about to erupt.  His eyes were open wide, and he looked up the
side of Becky's smiling, panting face.  He had never seen her look more
beautiful.
    Becky felt that familiar knot in her belly and she knew she was about to
come, too.  She had never come with a cock in her pussy before, and she just
knew that this orgasm would be the best of her entire life.  She wiggled
around and around, pushing her cunt down around the base of Tom's prick.
She wanted to have all of his cock inside her when the magic moment arrived.
    She could feel Tom's hot breath against her neck and it sent little
shivers of excitement down her side.  Along with the goose bumps it aroused,
she also felt her nipple go harder and stiffer in his mouth.  His tongue
lashed it again and Becky let out another high, thin squeal.
    Tom reached beneath his undulating sister and grabbed the cheeks of her
ass.  He held her tightly, trying to hold her still enough that he could
fuck her a few last times.  The soft flesh of her naked ass filled his palms
and he gouged at it with his fingertips, digging into her skin to tame and
break her.
    With his strong hands holding her that way, Becky could not move as
freely as before.  But it didn't much matter because her motions had already
taken their toll.  When her brother plowed his cock straight down into her
one final time, that was all it took to send the young girl over the edge.
    "Tommmyyy!" she squealed, her whole body quaking with release.
"Iiiieee!"
    Tom leaned against her heavily to keep her from throwing him right off
of her.  His cock was buried to the root in the undulating chamber of her
pussy and then her orgasm reached its peak.  It proved too much for the
inexperienced fucker, and he let his sister have the load of cream his balls
had cooked up for her.
    "Agag, gahhh!" he grunted, letting her tit loose and holding her jerking
body tight against him.  "Ahhh!"
    The two of them writhed and spasmed together, neither of them knowing
just what would happen next.  Their orgasms danced and dove together, one
feeding off the other and regenerating itself.  The moment went on and on,
gathering strength and then ebbing, only to be revived again.
    But, at last they could come no more and they lay in each other's arms
panting and sighing with relief.  Neither wanted to admit that it had been
their first fuck, but both of the teenagers knew it would not be their last
- with each other or with others.
 Horny Peeping Sister [part 2 of 2]

[begin part 2 of 2]

                                  Chapter 4

    In the next few afternoons, Becky and Tom spent plenty of time in bed
together.  They experimented, learning different ways to please themselves
and each other.  Sometimes they fucked hard, and sometimes they fucked
tenderly.  But always they fucked with one ear open, ever alert for their
mother.
    As they grew more comfortable with their new-found sexuality, Becky
relaxed enough to confide in her brother her excitement when it came to
watching other people fuck.  Tom was thrilled -- and relieved -- that Becky
did not hold his voyeuristic tendencies against him.  So, each pleased that
the other was also erotic-minded, they decided to go out together one night
and see what sexy scenes they could discover in their neighborhood.
    They devised a plan where Tom would tell their mother that he had to go
over to a friend's house one evening to work on a school project.  That same
evening, Becky agreed to leave her piano lessons a bit early, telling her
teacher she had to get home to help her mother.  The plan went off without a
hitch and the two met just as it was getting dark in an alley not far from
their house.
    "We'll try the house on Guava first," Tom suggested, leading his sister
down the back passageway.  "They like to have a quick evening fuck once in a
while."
    "You mean you've watched them before?" Becky asked, trying to walk
quietly.
    "Sure!  Did you think that I just started, like you?"
    "Well, no," Becky replied.  "But I didn't know you knew so much about
what other people do."
    "I don't really know much at all," Tom laughed.  "I just know who likes
to fuck and when -- and who doesn't close their curtains.  Now come on!"
    They hurried down one block, and up the next.  Ahead of her, Becky could
see one brightly lit window and she felt her stomach tighten when she
realized it was their goal.  Tom's hunch had been right.  There were people
in that room!
    "What'd I tell ya?" Tom giggled.  "Those horny sons of bitches can't
keep their hands off each other!"
    Brother and sister moved around the trashcans across the alley from the
back bedroom window, covering themselves as best they could.  Then they
crouched down and Becky's eyes went wide when she got her first good look at
two people actually fucking.
    "I can't believe it," she sighed.  "Look at them go!  How can she take
it?"
    "I don't know," Tom mumbled.  "But I know I can't.  Feel this!"
    He took her hand and guided it to the front of his pants.  Without
taking her eyes off the hot sight in front of her, Becky felt his hard-on
pounding against the fly of his jeans.  She gave it an absent little squeeze
and then let it go.  Watching other people fucking was such a tremendous new
experience, it took all of her concentration.
    Inside the sparsely furnished bedroom, an older man and a very young
girl were both naked on the bed.  The girl, her face turned slightly away
from Becky and Tom, was on her hands and knees and the man was taking her
from behind with long, powerful strokes.  The short dark curls on the girl's
head bounced when he rammed his cock into her, but she seemed to enjoy it.
She held her body taut and absorbed his fucking power by slamming her ass
back at him each time he filled her with his cock-meat.

    As if from a distance, Becky heard her brother slide his zipper down.
Then she sensed as much as heard him start to stroke his rigid prick.
    Becky was getting plenty hot herself.  The idea of spying on other
people while they fucked had excited her but not nearly as much as actually
doing it did.  She could feel her cunt getting all soft and squishy and she
shifted around, rubbing herself against the crotch seam of her jeans.
    "Turns you on, huh?" Tom whispered, his hands moving on his cock while
he grinned at his obviously excited sister.
    "Yeah," Becky croaked.  "Even more than I thought it would."
    Tom laughed, a low and dirty sound.  "You gettin' wet?" he asked.
    Becky didn't have to answer because her brother reached over and cupped
the crotch of her jeans.  Becky knew her cunt was very juicy and from the
way her brother sighed she knew too that her cunt-cream had soaked the
crotch of her pants.
    "Runnin' like a river," Tom sighed, massaging her wet crotch and feeling
it become even wetter.
    In her crouched position, Becky opened up her thighs and balanced
herself on just her tiptoes.  With one hand she held onto a nearby trashcan
to keep from falling.  She pushed her cunt back against her brother's
groping hand and began to pant, his fingers thrilling her even through the
covering of denim.
    "Wait a minute," she finally sighed, pulling away from Tom.
    His hand again free, Tom went back to jacking on his cock while Becky
quickly popped the snap of her jeans and stood up just long enough to pull
them and her panties down around her ankles.  Then she crouched back down
beside him, her naked cunt giving off an odor in the night air.
    "Yeahhh," Tom sighed, guiding her one hand to his prick and then going
back to work on her pussy, "this is gonna work out just fine."
    Becky whimpered her agreement as her fingers closed around the swollen
shaft of his prick and his hand pressed against her steaming cunt.  She felt
a gob of her pussy-juice ooze out and smear his palm.
    Tom's cock was cool against her fingers, but after just a few quick
strokes, it grew hotter and straighter than ever.  She glanced down at it
briefly and noticed the sexy way that it stuck out from the open crotch of
his pants.  Then her eyes flicked back to the horny couple in the bedroom.
    The young girl, Becky was sure that she was even younger than she was
herself, was down on her elbows with the man still giving it to her from
behind.  Her back was arched sharply and her naked ass quivered each time
she took all of his prick-meat.  Sometimes her face was pressed down against
her arms and sometimes she tossed it back, rolling it around on her
shoulders when she particularly liked the way the older man fucked her.
    The man wore an expression of dominance and ecstasy.  He gripped the
girl around the waist, his fingers nearly reaching all the way around her.
As he fucked into her with all his strength, he also pulled her toward him,
making sure she got all the cock-meat there was to be had.  From time to
time he held her ass pressed against the base of his prick and rolled his
hips from side to side, wiggling his prick around in the depths of the
girl's speared cunt- channel.
    "Incredible," Becky sighed, her fingers automatically running up and
down the length of her brother's cock.  "In-fuckin'-credible."
    Tom gave another dirty laugh and then jabbed his sister's cunt with two
fingers.  Her pussy gripped his fingers very tightly.  When he pulled them
out, they were slick with her juices, and he smeared those juices across the
exposed point of her thrusting clit.

    Becky gasped and gave his prick a squeeze of appreciation.  She was
still very turned on by watching other people fucking, but as she got more
used to the idea, found it easier to do two things at once, namely watching
them and jerking her brother off.
    She rubbed the pearl of pre-cum that she knew without even looking was
at the tip of his cock around his straining prick-tip and listened with
satisfaction as he sighed in pleasure.  Then she gripped his cock tightly
and worked the loose outer skin back and up over the solid inner core,
feeling her crouching brother wriggling with mounting fuck-lust.
    "That feels great," he panted.  "Do you like what I'm doing to your
pussy?"
    "Y-yess," Becky sighed, thrusting her pelvis out and opening her cunt
up.  "Fuck me!"
    Becky spoke through gritted teeth, and Tom did as she asked.  He pushed
his fucking fingers deep inside of her and then opened them up like a pair
of scissors, forcing them against the walls of her pussy.
    "Oooh," she gasped, feeling as if he was stretching the shape of her
cunt- hole.
    In retaliation she took her hand away from his cock long enough to coat
it with a pearly layer of spit.  Then, her eyes still on the fucking couple,
she smeared the tip of his prick with her wetness and proceeded to smooth
the lubricant all down the sides of his prick.
    "Ahhh," Tom moaned, "yeahhh."
    Becky's hand moved faster and smoother than ever now with the layer of
spit between it and the loose skin of Tom's hard-on.  She relaxed her wrist
and beat his meat just as he had taught her during their few but furious
days of fucking.
    As she massaged his cock, she made sure that her fingertips stayed
against the sensitive vein that ran the length of his prick-shaft.  Becky
didn't understand why but her brother was extra-sensitive on that spot and
so she massaged it, wanting to please him as much as possible.
    Above her own panting she could hear her brother's loud breathing.  They
were turning each other on with their hands and fingers, making their young
fuck-parts hum with arousal.  Becky had never dreamed that anything could
feel so good as fingering her brother while he fingered her and they both
spied on another couple fucking.
    Inside the house the young girl that now making push-up motions with her
arms.  Sometimes her upper body was flat against the rumpled bed, her small
tits squished beneath her.  Other times she held herself up, her back
straight, her tits pointing downward, two pink cones of flesh.  But whatever
she did seemed to excite the man more, and he fucked her with quicker
strokes than ever, jarring her with his fucking prick.
    Becky found herself moving with the same rhythm as the girl who was
getting fucked.  As the girl took the man's cock, Becky rocked forward and
back, helping her brother fuck her with his pointed fingers.  The night air
was cool against the soft skin of Becky's bare legs, but up toward her
crotch she was as hot as a pistol.
    With one hand tight around her brother's prick and the other bracing her
up against the trashcan, Becky could move only a little.  But even that
small bit of motion was enough in this sexy setting.  She watched the man
move his hands from the girl's waist to the soft cheeks of her ass.  His
fingers dug into her pliant flesh and the girl opened her mouth, obviously
crying out in pleasure and pain.  She wiggled her ass in the man's grip and
Becky felt her own pussy lurch.  It was the most erotic thing she had ever
witnessed, even better than the sexy photos that she and Vicky had shared.

    Although he was an experienced voyeur and had watched this particular
couple fucking before, tonight seemed special to Tom, too.  His dark head
bobbed as he jammed his fingers into his sister's pussy and moved with her
hand, helping it jack him off.  Her cunt-juice felt oily as it filled his
hand and ran down to his wrist.  How he wished he could fuck Becky right now
just like the man in the house was fucking the young girl.  Who was she?
Tom wondered.  Was she his daughter, or maybe his daughter's friend, or
maybe a babysitter?  Tom's horny mind went wild with the possibilities, and
he fucked Becky's cunt with his hand all that much better.
    Becky rocked from side to side, making Tom's fingers move more inside of
her.  Sometimes he gouged at the soft inner tissues of her pussy with his
fingernails and it hurt her a little bit.  But her soothing juices and his
usually satisfying finger-fucking were quick to ease her pain and she thrust
out to meet him, her cunt sucking around his jamming digits.
    "Think she's his kid?" Tom panted, his mouth very near to his sister's
ear.  The question caught Becky off guard, and she only moaned in response.
    "She can't be his wife, do you think?  She doesn't look that old, and I
can't see any ring," Tom continued, his hips thrusting up through the circle
of Becky's fingers as he spoke.
    Becky moaned.
    "Do you know her?" he asked, quickly looking over at Becky's flushed
face.
    Becky absently shook her head.
    Tom grinned when he saw how hot she was.  Her whole face was distorted
with passion and her tongue hung out the corner of her mouth.  It was no
wonder she couldn't answer him, the boy realized.
    "You're almost there, huh?" he asked, his laughing eyes now trained on
Becky.
    "Uh-huh," she gasped, her eyes rolling back in her head as he rubbed his
greasy fingers across her clit.
    "Then let's go!"
    Becky almost lost her delicate balance as her brother tore into her cunt
with a new kind of frenzy.  His fingers, now three of them, filled the mouth
of her cunt completely and he let them fly in and out of the fluttering
opening.  Then, to further her pleasant torture, he began to revolve his
thumb over her clit while he fucked her with his other fingers.
    "Oh Tom!" she gasped as her fingers, too, increased their speed up and
down the shaft of his prick.
    For many minutes the two teenagers pounded each other like never
before.  Becky bit her bottom lip with the power of her efforts and Tom
panted like a stallion, his balls rolling around until they slipped from the
confines of his jeans and dangled in the night air.  As Becky pumped his
prick, his balls began to dance, jerked and jarred by her violent fucking
motions.
    Their eyes grew wider and wider as it became apparent that the man in
the house was about to come.  His fucking strokes became frantic and then he
jammed his cock into the girl completely and bent forward, over her back,
gripping her hanging tits and hugging her to him.  Becky and Tom could see
the way his ass twitched and they each imagined the thick stream of jism
that he was depositing far up inside the young girl.
    Tom's prick vibrated in his sister's hand as he watched the little
brunette grind her parted ass-cheeks against the base of the man's creaming
cock.  Her cheek was against the bed and her back sloped upward to meet the
man's hairy belly.  Her ass twitched back and forth just a little bit,
wringing the last of his come from his beefy balls.

    Becky slammed her hand from the base of his prick-head to the root of
his cock, holding his shaft tightly in her sweaty hand.  Tom jerked his hips
too, and together they brought him off just as the man in the house began to
stir, picking himself up off the back of the kneeling girl.
    "Yeah, Bekkky!" he gasped, keeping his voice low.  "Uhhh!"
    Becky's hand jacked furiously on his spewing prick and his cream flew
off in every direction.  Becky took a few drops of it against her jacking
hand and a few more on her bare legs and the side of one cheek.  She stuck
her tongue out and tried to lick away the bits of his cream that dotted her
face.
    As he came, Tom let his fingers slack off in their fucking of her.  But
his come was a quick one and before the man had even pulled his cream-soaked
cock from the cunt of the young girl, Tom's moment had passed and he again
focused his efforts on bringing off his sister.
    Becky had been so close for so long that it didn't take much for Tom to
fuck her climax right out of her.  Of course, he had some help as Becky
watched the large older man coax the girl down onto her back and then fall
betweeen her splayed thighs to lick up his own cream.
    "Oh fuck!" Becky gasped, the combination too much for her.  "Here I
come!"
    "Do it baby, yeah!"
    As much as he wanted to see the old man eating the young girl, Tom
wanted to watch his sister come even more.  Now, in the subdued light, he
saw her face contort and her eyes roll as he felt her pussy dance around his
embedded fingers.  He kept his hand moving and it slid around in her juicy,
climaxing cunt, instantly making the boy's cock hard as a rock again.
    Becky sighed and moaned, her knees waving apart and together around her
brother's pumping hand.  The knuckles of the hand that gripped the trashcan
went white with the effort as Becky swooned with pleasure and satisfaction.
Her cunt pulsed with her climax, one moment feeling very taut and the next
very loose and open.  Tom kept fucking her until the last shudder passed
through her body.  Then he gavce her a moment to recouperate before he
patted her moist, naked ass and shocked her back to reality.
    "Come on," he said, struggling to get his new hard-on into his pants.
"We better get home before Mom has a cow."
    He took Becky's hand and helped her unsteadily to her feet.  Like a
zombie she pulled up her pants and ran her fingers through her hair.  Then,
with Tom waiting to follow in a few minutes, she took one last look at the
hot pussy- eating that was going on in the house and hurried off toward her
home.

                                  Chapter 5

    When Becky arrived home, she found her father in the kitchen wearing an
apron and putting dinner on the table.  There were only three places set,
and Becky guiltily slid into hers.
    "Where's mom?" she asked as her dad set the casserole down in front of
her.
    "She had a big meeting with a client," Jim Moon replied, noticing his
daughter looked especially radiant.  "Do you know where Tom is?"
    "Nope," Becky said quickly, helping herself to the food.
    "I guess we'll start without him, then," Jim sighed, sitting down
himself.
    "Yeah, guess so," Becky mumbled.

    As she began to eat, Becky tried to stay calm, but it wasn't easy.  She
was relieved that her mother wasn't there.  Somehow her mom always knew when
she was lying or trying to hide something.  Still, it made her nervous to
have to lie right to her father's face.  She wished that Tom would hurry up
and get his ass home!
    Jim watched his daughter move her food around on her plate, arranging it
into little piles and then smashing them flat.  Obviously something was on
the girl's mind, and he wondered what it could be.  All the time she and Tom
had been spending together lately had not gone unnoticed by their usually
quiet father.  Still, Jim didn't know exactly how to approach the subject
with his daughter, so he just let them finish their meal in silence.
    When they were about done, Tom burst in through the back door, school
books in hand.
    "Sorry dad, I got hung up." He glanced briefly at Becky.  "Where's mom?"
    "She had to work late," Jim said, noticing the odd way his son looked at
Becky.
    "We didn't know how late you'd be so we've already finished."
    "No sweat, dad," Tom said, heaping a mound of food on his plate and then
heading for the living room.  "I wanted to catch the end of the game anyway."
    Jim didn't say anthing as Tom carried his meal to the couch and turn on
the television.  Such behavior was strictly prohibited when Julie was home,
but since she wasn't there, Jim saw no reason the boy couldn't eat wherever
he wanted to.  Again alone with Becky, Jim pushed back his chair and sighed.
    "So, how's school?" he asked.
    "What?" Becky snapped, her mind so far away, reliving the events of the
evening, that she didn't hear her father's question.
    "I just asked how things were going at school."
    "Oh, okay I guess," Becky said, getting up and carrying their dirty
dishes to the sink.
    As she swept past Jim, he caught the unmistakable scent of sex wafting
from her.  Had his little girl just been fucked?  he asked himself.
    Becky had her back to her father as she scraped the plates off and
filled the sink with hot water.  Her pussy hurt a little bit from the
vigorous finger-fucking Tom had given it, and she shifted her thighs, trying
to ease her discomfort.  Jim noticed her sexy gyrations and cleared his
throat loudly.
    "Honey, ah, you're getting to be quite a young woman, and ah, if there's
every anything you want to talk about, any questions you might have, you
know you can come to me and I'll help you all I can."
    "Thanks, dad," Becky murmured, her back still to him.
    "I know your mother isn't the kind of person who seems like she'd be
easy to talk to about uh, sex, so I want you to know that I'm available to
you."
    Becky nodded, her thighs still rubbing together.
    As Jim spoke, he got the crazy idea that his daughter was turned on for
some reason.  He watched her ass rock from side to side ever so slightly and
found himself wanting Becky, wanting her very much.  Sex with his wife was
poor at best and, although he didn't want to, he began to imagine what it
would be like to fuck his own daughter.
    "Do you think you know enough about sex?" he asked, his own blunt
question turning him on.  "I mean, is there anything you don't understand?"
    "I don't know," Becky shrugged, pressing herself tighter against the
counter.

    Was her father coming on to her?  Becky wondered.  Again her thoughts
returned to the people she had watched fucking earlier that evening.  She
imagined them to have been father and daughter and the idea of actually
getting the chance to have that kind of sexual experience herself began to
appeal to her.  But could she do it?  Could her father do it?  she wondered.
    At that point Jim wasn't sure himself either.  But his daughter drew him
like a magnet and he got up and walked over to her.  He stood right behind
her as she soaped the dishes, his body close enough to her so she could feel
his body heat, but not close enough to touch.
    "I know it's none of my business honey," he said softly, pushing her
hair to one side and caressing her bare neck, "but I don't think you were at
your piano lesson tonight.  Were you with a boy?"
    Becky shrugged.
    "Well, it really doesn't matter," Jim said, hugging her to him.  At
first Becky was stiff in his embrace, but when she felt his hard cock
against the crack of her ass, she relaxed.  Now she knew that he wanted her
just as she wanted him.
    "You're right Daddy, I was with a boy tonight," she whispered, rubbing
back against him.
    "I hope you didn't do anything foolish," Jim panted, his arms holding
her tight against him and caressing her curvy sides.
    "I didn't let him fuck me, if that's what you mean," Becky said boldly,
writhing her ass against his hard-on.
    "Have you ever fucked a boy?" Jim asked, his hands moving down the front
of her body and to the crotch of her jeans.  When she didn't stop him, he
rubbed the crux of her thighs.
    "Only one," she replied, her cunt fucking under her father's touch.
    The top of Becky's blonde head came to just beneath his chin as he
pressed himself against her harder than ever.  His hands were between her
upper thighs, and he could feel the heat of her hot cunt through the fabric
of her jeans.  Jim didn't believe what he was doing, but kept doing it
anyway, his hard-on growing stiffer against Becky's ass.
    Becky looked down at her body, and saw her dad's hands disappearing
between her legs.  She rolled her head back against him and sighed.  This
was the best thing that had ever happened to her, and she knew that soon she
would be taking her father's cock, just like the little brunette had.  To
speed things along, Becky reached down and unzipped the front of her pants.
    "You can stop me any time you want to," her father panted as he accepted
her invitation and moved his hands inside her jeans and panties.
    Becky sighed and wiggled a bit, easing her pants down around her
thighs.  Her father's touch made her tingle, and that surprised her.  She
would not have thought that anything could make her feel better than the
things she had done with her brother.
    But her father was very much like her brother only bigger and more
experienced.  He too, was tall and dark, and Becky relaxed against him,
opening herself up to his magical touch.
    Jim touched the soft, wet folds of her cunt and sighed with lust.  God,
what was he doing?  Was he out of his mind?  But he couldn't stop, he didn't
want to stop, so he probed the juicy tightness of Becky's young pussy.
    Becky's hands were limp in the dishwater and her head rolled back
against his chest.  His cock was throbbing behind her, and she wanted it
more than anything she had ever wanted before.
    "You gonna fuck me, Dad?" she asked, her voice thick and odd.
    "Do you want me to?"
    "Yesss, oh yesss!" she sighed.

    Jim kept one finger probing at the open flower of her pussy and brought
the other back between their bodies and carefully undid his zipper.  His
cock bobbed up, automatically nudging in between his daughter's legs.
    Becky whimpered when her father fisted his cock and guided it to the
opening of her pussy.  Becky lifted herself up on the counter slightly to
make it easier for him to penetrate her.
    Jim gave her a series of short, quick fuck-strokes, feeding his little
girl his cock a bit at a time.  He could hear the drone of the television,
and he remembered that Tom might wander back into the kitchen at any
moment.  It worried him, but at the moment he was too horny to let anything
stop him from finishing the fuck he had just begun.
    When the tip of his cock was securely inside Becky, he again took her in
his arms and held her up off the floor.  Then, with another few lunges, he
had her filled with his prick-meat.
    "Daddyyyy," Becky sighed.
    Jim braced her against the counter and pumped into her with a vigor he
hadn't felt in years.  His wife used to be a good fuck, but lately she'd
been too bitchy to even turn him on.  He chose just to leave her to her own
devices and went his own way.  Fucking his own daughter was turning out to
be the very best way he'd found to scratch his itch in a very long time.
    As he fucked her, Becky felt her pants slipping farther and farther down
her legs until they were tangled around her shoes.  She felt light and very
feminine with her father holding her up in the air while he fucked her.
Briefly she wondered if she looked as wanton taking her daddy's prick as the
brunette girl had earlier that evening.
    Cunt-juice flowed from Becky's open pussy and made it easier for her dad
to fuck her hard and fast.  His pants too rolled down his hips, freeing him
for wilder and more wanton fucking.  He gripped Becky tightly, holding her
up and using her like some kind of fuck-off doll.
    Becky sighed and moaned, her father's cock going deeper inside of her
than her brother's prick ever had.  She felt like her father's prick was
touching special places within her, places that had never been touched
before.  She wiggled around as much as she could, wanting to let him know
that she loved what he was doing to her and to beg him not to stop.
    But Jim had no intention of stopping, at least not until he came.  He
nuzzled his face into his daughter's fragrant hair and nibbled on her white
neck as he continued to feed her the many inches of his man-sized prick
shaft.
    "Am I hurting you?" he panted.
    "N-n-n-noooo," Becky replied, her answer coming out shaky because of his
vigorous fucking.  "I-I-I love it!"
    "Good," Jim grunted, slamming his cock into her all the way, "because so
do I!"
    His hard fuck-strokes jammed Becky against the counter, her hips
grinding against the tiles.  Jim leaned over her and forced her to bend at
the waist, bringing her long hair into the soapy water in front of her.
    More than ever Becky felt like the fucking couple she had watched.  Now,
like that girl, she was bent way over with her dad giving her his cock from
behind!  Becky leaned forward even farther, watching the ends of her hair
floating on the greasy, sudsy surface of the dishwater.
    When her father fucked into her hard, her clit was ground against the
counter with especially pleasant results.  Becky rocked forward and back as
much as she could, increasing the violence of their fucking motions, and
also increasing the contact her sizzling clit recieved.
    Jim caught on to what she was doing and began to help her.  He lifted
her up and leaned against her back, bouncing her clit against the edge of
the counter.

    Little flutters began to run down her spine and Jim felt them on the
inside as well as the outside of her body.  His cock was jolted by them and
it thrilled him to know that his little girl was so close to coming.  He
plowed her cunt that much faster, anxious to bring her off.
    Becky grabbed the far side of the sink and used it for leverage to fuck
back at her dad.  His cock continued to trench her out, filling and
stretching her pussy-channel like Tom's young prick never had.  She writhed
and swooned, her body taking over her mind and fucking of its own volition.
    The more extreme the quaking inside of Becky's cunt became, the more
frenzied her father's fucking became.  Jim rolled his eyes and thundered his
cock forward, jabbing it between the gripping walls of Becky's pussy.  He
could feel from the way his nuts had begun to tingle that it wouldn't be
long before he was coming, too.
    "Daddy, I'm gonna come," Becky panted, as if asking his permission.
    "Do it, baby, do it," Jim grunted, filling her with his prick.  "Just
let it go!"
    Becky's mouth was open, and she breathed loudly.  She gasped and
sputtered, her orgasm wracking her body with tremendous shudders.  Jim held
her tight and continued to fuck her, the tremors in her cunt vibrating his
whole body from the cock on up.  Together they panted and sighed, the father
savoring his daughter's orgasm almost as much as he would savor one of his
own.
    Becky pressed her clit tightly against the counter edge and felt the
mouth of her pussy opening and closing as if gulping in air.  Her eyes were
squeezed shut, and she was bent cruelly over the counter, her face very near
to the cooling water.
    As her orgasm subsided, Jim took it easy on her, fucking her with
tender, stirring strokes that made her coo and sigh.  But it cost him
dearly, and he could only hold himself back for so long before his body
tensed and he let her have it with both barrels again.
    "Get ready baby," he panted, ramming into her with renewed vigor.
    "Yes Daddy, I'm ready," Becky gasped, his weight nearly crushing her.
    Like a dog fucking its mate, Jim leaned into his little girl and fed her
the last of his exquisite fucking.  His cock thundered through the
ultra-tight of her freshly climaxed cunt, loving the way the walls of her
pussy continued to shudder with soft, stray ripples of ecstasy.  Each one
thrilled Jim right down to the roots of his hair and spurred him on to fuck
Becky that much harder.
    The silky interior of her pussy caressed his sizzling prick, and Jim
grunted and gasped in frustration and pleasure.  The come in his nuts
gathered together and then, despite his effort to delay it, came rushing up
along the tube of his prick like the tide on the beach and crashed forth,
shooting from the tiny hole in the end of his prick with incredible force
and volume.
    "Ahhh, gahhhh, fuck!" he gurgled, burying his sobs of release in her
long, silky hair.
    Becky felt like she might explode from the strength of his climax.  She
felt the cream decorate her insides with its whiteness and warmth.  Even
coming with her own brother had never been like this!
    For several seconds her father shuddered against her back, his cock
bucking around inside her.  Then, gradually, she felt him relax and his cock
begin to slip from her, greased with a thick stream of his escaping jizz.
An inch at a time Jim lowered her to the floor and her toes had just touched
when she heard her brother's voice.
    "Jesus mother-fucking Christ!" Tom exclaimed, his milk glass crashing to
the floor.  "Damn!"

                                  Chapter 6

    Each knowing he was as guilty as the other, Jim and his children could
not reproach each other for their incestuous fucking.  Before the evening was
over, Becky had confessed to her father that the only boy she had fucked had
been none other than her brother, and, much to her and Tom's surprise, their
father hadn't been angry at all.  In fact, the idea seemed to excite him so
they went one step further and told him about how often they went out into
the neighborhood at night and watched people fucking. When Becky told him
about what she and Tom had seen earlier that evening, Jim was ecstatic.
    "I don't know why I never thought of doing that myself," he told his
incredulous children.  "Woould you mind if I went with you two sometimes?"
    Becky looked at her brother in shocked surprise.  "But what about mom?"
    "What about her?  She's been such a bitch these last few years, she's
lucky I haven't done something like this before.  Fuck her, what she doesn't
know won't hurt her."
    "All right, Dad!" Tom cheered, slapping his old man on the back.
    "Next time mom works late, we're outta here!"
    "I'll look forward to it," Jim said, giving both of his children a hug.
"Now let's get us and this place cleaned up before she gets home."
    It took them about a week to find an evening where they all felt safe
enough to leave the house together.  Tom felt in charge and grown up, leading
his father and sister through the darkened streets to another of his favorite
viewing spots.  Becky felt sexy and hot, knowing she had the chance to get
fucked by both her father and her brother if they found something really good
to look at.  Jim felt a little nervous, sometimes wondering if he was out of
his mind to be doing something like this, especially with his own children.
    The house they had been aiming for was completely black when they
arrived, much to their disappointment.  But Tom quickly came up with another
address, and they headed in that direction, three figures dressed in black
slinking down the alleyways.  But before they could even reach the house they
had in mind, a different lighted window stopped them dead in their tracks.
    "Wow!" Becky gasped, her pussy juicing up instantly.
    "I've never seen them before," Tom whispered, his eyes almost popping
out of his head.  "She's gorgeous!"
    "I'll say," his father agreed, a lump in his throat.
    The house was across the alley from a vacant lot so the three of them
crouched down in some bushes there and watched in awe the fucking taking
place in the room across from them.
    In that room, which looked like a room built entirely for fucking, was a
lovely blonde woman and two men.  The woman looked to Becky to be in her
thirties, but she was very well kept, with big swinging tits, and a supple,
youthful body.  She had a very dark tan, and the lines of her tiny bikini
looked obscene, especially when she turned so that the dark triangle of her
light brown cunt-hair also showed.
    While Jim and Tom took in the blonde's assets, Becky also noticed
everything there was to see about the two men in the room with her.  One was
a young body-builder, muscles rippling on every inch of his greased body.
His hair was bleached from the sun and his face was ruggedly handsome.  His
cock was out of view because he had it shoved up the woman's ass.
    The other man was tall and dark-haired.  He was very thin, but his face
looked like something out of the fuck magazines Becky and her friend Vicky
sometimes shared.  His skin was dark, and covered everywhere with a fine mat
of hair.  Neither her father nor her brother had much body hair and Becky now
discovered that she found it rather attractive.  Again she couldn't get a
very good look at the dark-haired man's cock because he was feeding it to the
blonde woman.
    On the walls behind the three fuckers were pictures of people fucking in
every imaginable position.  Many of them had never even occurred to Becky and
she immediately felt educated - and horny.
    Tom wasted no time in taking advantage of the situation.  Immediately he
opened the fly of his jeans and let his cock bob free.  Then, his eyes
burning on the hot fucking action taking place inside that incredible room,
he fisted his cock and began to work it up and back vigorously.
    Becky and her father were more reserved.  Becky merely began to shift
her legs together, feeling her pussy getting very wet and hot.  After a few
minutes she allowed herself to touch her crotch, but kept her fingers on the
outside of her jeans.
    Jim was even more reluctant.  He'd never done anything like this in his
life, and he couldn't believe he was actually doing it now.  His eyes moved
from the horny blonde and her two studs to his own horny children. Although
he had expected it, he was still shocked when he saw his son jacking himself
off so wantonly.  But his shock turned to lust when he saw the way Becky was
rubbing her juicy little pussy, her face slack with lust as she watched the
blonde take a cock from either end.
    The blonde was down on all fours, with the body-builder kneeling behind
her and the dark-haired pretty boy kneeling in front of her.  She had her
eyes closed and her head bobbed forward and back, taking and releasing his
cock, her fingers against his hairy thighs as she held herself up.  Each time
the body-builder slammed his cock into her ass, her forehead wrinkled with a
look of pain and concern and fuck-lust.
    "Yeah, fuck her in the ass!" Tom panted, rooting as if he were at a
baseball game.  "Yeah!  Fuck her good!"
    Both Becky and her father watched Tom's hard-on pointing out into the
night.  He held it with both hands, one on top of the other, and jammed it
through the circle they made.  His balls dangled out beneath his rigid prick,
moving back and forth with his strenuous fucking motions.  The boy was
kneeling in the dirt and weeds of the empty lot.
    Becky was crouched down, her knees spread wide apart, the fabric of her
jeans stretched taut across her cunt.  Her hand could feel the wetness coming
right through the denim as she watched the sexy scene in front of her.
    Jim just bent himself over at the waist, bending his knees a little bit
to keep down low.  Although it didn't register in his conscious mind, he
wanted to be ready to run in case anyone happened upon them.  But his bent-
over position only seemed to emphasize the elongating shaft of his cock and he
self-consciously adjusted it in his pants to ease his considerable
discomfort.
    Becky rubbed her little pussy vigorously, trying to imagine what it
would feel like to have a cock as big as her father's up her ass.  Could she
do it? she asked herself, sneaking a look up into her dad's concerned face.
Maybe she'd have to try it and see.
    The thought made her pussy tremble and she had to shove her hand down
the front of her pants.  She left her jeans snapped shut, liking the way it
felt to touch herself inside of her clothes.  It reminded her of how she
sometimes put her hand down her pants at school, fingering herself off while
sexy Mr. Spillman gave one of his boring lectures in science class. More than
once Becky had gotten herself off imagining what he looked like without his
clothes and glasses!
    "Oh!  Ohhh!" Tom grunted, his cock suddenly shooting like a firehose.
    Becky and Jim both turned their attention briefly to Tom.  His cream
jetted out and splattered noisily into the dry brush around them.  Both his
hands continued to jack on his spurting cock-shaft, and Becky swallowed
involuntarily, thinking it was such a shame to waste such delicious cream.
Jim couldn't help but look around them nervously, still very ill-at-ease.
    But no one was there, and when Tom sat down flat on his ass to recover
from his orgasm, Jim looked back at the horny blonde in the room.  Was that
some kind of orgy room they had there? he wondered.
    In among the lewd photographs, Jim recognized other sexual devices that
had gone unnoticed by his children.  There were many different colored dildos
of various sizes and even a few masks and a couple of whips and some chained
anklets.  All the equipment made Jim feel funny.  He wanted to feel disgusted
by it all, and it upset him that he wasn't.
    "What's the matter, Dad?" Tom asked, stroking his already reviving hard-
on.  "Don't you like it?"
    "Ahem, sure!" Jim said, trying not to sound as uncomfortable as he felt.
"It's great, just swell."
    "Then get yer meat out and beat it!" Tom laughed.  "We don't come out
here just to watch - that's sick!"
    With both his kids watching him intently, Jim had no choice but to haul
out his swollen prick.  Actually, it was a relief to set his hard-on free and
soothe it with the familiar feel of his hand.
    "She's really a hot one, isn't she Dad?" Tom said, nodding toward the
blonde in the house.
    "She sure is, Son," Jim replied, kneeling down next to the boy and
pulling Becky over closer to them.
    "And those two guys," Becky said, "I wonder what it would feel like to
take two cocks at the same time."
    "I'm sure we could arrange for you to find out," Tom said lewdly, his
eyes bright with fuck-lust.
    "Ahhh, but not tonight, okay?" Jim said.  "Let's do it at home sometime,
huh?"
    "Take it easy, Dad," Tom laughed.  "No one is gonna see us.  Becky, why
don't you give a little head to dear old dad here to calm him down?"
    "But then I can't watch them fucking her," the girl whimpered.
    "I'll tell you what they're doing," Tom said, trying to pull Becky over
in front of their dad.  "Come on, suck him off and drink his come."
    Becky's pussy was on fire, and the thought of gulping down her dad's
jizz made it even hotter than watching the blonde woman take two cocks. She
giggled her agreement and moved over in front of Jim, settling down flat on
her ass in front of him, her feet spread on either side of the kneeling man.
    All Jim's fears left him when his daughter's lips closed around the shaft
of his cock.  It was like Becky was sucking out all his apprehensions and he
took hold of her face and helped her take in all the many inches of his
throbbing prick.
    "Feel better now?" Tom asked, his own cock helplessly hard again.
    "Oh yeah," Jim sighed.
    Tom then turned his eyes back to the double-fucking in the house.  The man
at the blonde's ass was pounding her harder than ever, and the boy could tell
that he was getting ready to pump his load up her ass.  Tom fisted his own
cock, pumping it as he anticipated the man's orgasm.
    Becky bobbed her head, taking and releasing all of her father's lusty
prick.  His cock-meat tasted good, and she covered it with her spit, making
the mouth-fucking easier.  She ran her tongue around and around the swollen
prick-meat and enjoyed the way her father twitched and sighed.
    As she ate him, Jim opened up her jeans and got at her little cunt. It was
very juicy and he fingered it open, smearing the slimy cream all around her
cuntal area.
    "Oh Beck, he's really giving it to her ass now," Tom panted, beginning his
suck-by-suck action calls.  "She really loves it though, what a slut!"
    Becky moaned around her father's cock as she imagined the blonde taking
the bodybuilder's cock.  She pulled harder on Jim's cockmeat, his fingers and
her lusty imagination stirring her fucking juices like never before.
    Jim tangled his fingers in the strands of her long hair and pumped her
face up and down around his cock-shaft.  The way her tongue ran up and down
along the sensitive vein that cut across his hard-on made the man roll his
eyes and thrust his cock out even more.  His little girl gave head like a pro
and he couldn't wait to blast his cream down her cock-sucking throat.
    "Way to go, hon," he panted.  "Yeah, suck out my cream!"
    Becky bobbed her face, taking all of his cock until she could feel his
zipper against her tender lips.  Then she pulled her mouth back slowly,
keeping her lips tight around the length of his cock, and wiggled her tongue
along the underside until she felt her teeth hit the helmet of his prick-head.
Then she mouthed just the very tip of his cock, her tongue trying to worm its
way into the flared piss-hole.
    Tom heard his father's breathing growing harsher and harsher and he wished
he had some of the action too.  Then, deciding that if the woman in the house
could please two cocks, so could Becky, he moved right up tight against his
dad and shoved his own prick toward his sister's sucking mouth.
    "Do me too," he panted.  "Suck me just a little bit, Beck."
     Liking the idea, Becky grabbed both cocks and held them together. Then
she lapped up and down both of their swollen tips, feeling and tasting the
subtle differences in the flavor of their leaking jizz.
    Jim's fingers poked in and out of the mouth of her cunt and Becky felt
herself coming.  To be sucking two cocks while her own father fingered her off
was just too much!
    "Hummm!" she moaned, her body vibrating wildly.  "Mmmm!"
    Her orgasm was quick, but very intense and behind her closed eyelids she
saw vivid blasts of exploding color.  Her mouth was open and empty as she
gasped for air and then gasped for cock, sucking in first one cock-knob and
then the other.
    Still high with her recent release, Becky sucked one cock-tip and then
turned her head slightly to have the other.  Her dad's prick-knob was a little
bigger, but she liked the taste of her brother's better.  The horny girl was
glad she didn't have to choose between the two because she loved them both and
to have them both at once was a dream come true.
    "The guy in her ass shot off!" Tom suddenly grunted, shoving harder at
Becky.  "Ahhh, yeah, he's filling her ass with his cream!"
    Becky moaned around their cocks, her tongue out and licking up the side
of one prick-shaft and down the other.  Her father's fingers left her pussy
and she turned her full attention to bringing both men off as soon as
possible.
    She took a set of balls in each hand and rolled them in her palms like
dice.  Then she smashed them up tight against the two twitching cock-shafts
and then released them, letting their own considerable weight pull them down.
Both men murmured and grunted, their passions ever mounting.
    "The dark-haired bear is fucking her mouth like crazy!" Tom cried.
    The news made Becky wild.  She pushed their straining cock-heads
together with her fingers and crammed both of them into her gaping mouth. She
ran her tongue around both of them, taking the jizz that dripped out more and
more.
    "Oh honey!" Jim gasped, his hands pulling her stuffed face far down the
shaft of his, as well as Tom's prick.  "Gettin' there!"
    Becky bobbed her head as much as she could on their bunched-together
fuck-meat.  Then she pulled off and concentrated on sucking her father's cock
all the way to his twitching balls.
    "Ahhh!" Jim exclaimed, his cock-meat suddenly lurching and his cream
jetting down her throat.  "Babyyy!"
    Becky snorted and struggled to take her dad's come.  Absently she
reached out for her brother's thrumming prick and just as she touched it, it
too let loose with its hot load.
    "Aggg, Christ!" Tom grunted, his cream exploding against the side of his
sister's cock-sucking face.
    Worried she might drown if she slacked off, Becky gulped down her dad's
cream as she felt her brother's cream spraying against her ear.  She was
totally surrounded by jizz, and was the best feeling in the world!
    Both men shuddered and groaned as their cocks emptied.  Then they both
fell away from Becky and the girl felt oddly alone.  Not knowing what else to
do, she turned around and took another look at the horny blonde.  And, much
to her delight, Becky saw that the handsome dark-haired man was just pumping
his load into her hot, sucking mouth.  Becky gave a sticky grin, knowing she
had twice as much cream in her belly as the sexy older woman did.  She then
looked down at her panting father and brother and took both of their cocks in
her small hands.
    "Let's get these things home so you can give them both to me at once,"
she said huskily, jacking on their wilted, sticky pricks.  "And I don't mean
in my mouth!"

                                  Chapter 7

   The next week after her piano lesson, Becky was walking home down a dark
alley, whistling her favorite piece, when suddenly a man stepped out of the
shadows and grabbed her by the arm.  She started to struggle and cry out when
his voice fought its way through her terror and instantly calmed her."
"Easy Becky, it's me, shhh!"
   "Daddy!" she gasped, her heart at her throat.  "God, you scared me to
death!"
   "Sorry, I didn't mean to, ahhh, I guess I didn't think."
   Becky now could see that her father had on the black outfit he now wore
whenever they went out spying on people.  He'd taken to voyeurism very
quickly and Becky was glad for that.  She'd gotten some very good fucks out
of her old man while watching other men and women getting it on.
   "What are you doing here?" Becky whispered.
   "I thought maybe we could go out for awhile," Jim replied.
   "But what about mom?  She's home!"
   "I told her I was going to pick you up from your lesson and take you to
the library.  She doesn't suspect a thing, I'm sure.  Come on, Beck," he
whined, "let's go find a good one and have a little fun."
   Becky wanted to say no to punish her father for having frightened her so
badly but she just couldn't.  It had been a couple of days since she had been
fucked and a couple more than that since she'd been out peeking so she was
hot for it.  Her stern expression finally broke and she took her waiting
father by the hand.
   "Come on," she said.  "Let's see what we can find."
   As quietly as ever, they slipped up and down the blocks and sometimes
even between the houses.  Things seemed unusually quiet and they were about
to give up when a lighted window up ahead of them drew them like moths to a
flame.
   "That's Mike's house," Jim said, naming one of his co-workers.  "Oh, I
can't wait to see him fucking Diane!  I swear, if they weren't married, I
might go for that little piece myself!"
   "Shhh," Becky cautioned, worried her father's excitement might give them
away.
   They quickly moved toward the window, Jim hot to get a look at his friend
and his wife fucking their brains out.  But when they arrived near the bright
window, Jim got quite a shock.  Diane was there all right, but the man
humping betweeen her golden thighs was no one he had ever seen before!
   "She's cheatin' on him!" Jim gasped.  "I don't believe it!"
   It didn't matter to Becky that the couple on the old-fashioned four-poster
bed was not man and wife.  All she cared about was the fucking being hot to
watch.  Carefully she opened the gate to their backyard and led her babbling
father closer to the fucking action than they had ever ventured before.
   "Quiet Dad, they might hear you," she whispered, crouching down beside a
potted plant.  "And get down!"
   The bedroom had a sliding glass door that led out onto the patio that
Becky and her father were crouching on.  The drapes were open completely and
Becky could see all of the plushly furnished bedroom and the wanton fucking
taking place there.  With a lusty sigh she settled down to enjoy the show.
   The woman in the house, Diane, was a tall honey-blonde, her hair falling
nearly to her waist.  Right now she was on her back with her feet spread and
pointed toward the open window while a dark-haired man humped mightily
between her legs.  Becky watched his ass bob up and down and creamed.
   Jim stared at the fucking couple like he had never seen people fucking
before.  Diane had always been one of his fantasy girls, but he had always
imagined her to be beyond reproach and totally unobtainable.  She and Mike
seemed devoted to one another and now, as he realized how wrong he'd been,
his cock ached for what he might have had.
   Becky was stretched out on her stomach on the grass in front of the
window and Jim joined her.  He pulled her into his arms and held her tight
against him, his cock against her ass, as they undulated together and watched
the man pounding between the blonde's bent legs.
   Becky bounced her ass back against her father's cock.  She could already
feel that it was very hard and so she mashed herself against it, teasing him.
   Jim reached around his little girl and felt her titties.  She had on a
light jacket and he unzipped it slowly, hoping that the people inside wouldn't
hear it.  But he needn't have worried.  They were fucking so hard they
wouldn't have heard anything short of a nuclear explosion.  Then, opening the
middle few buttons of her blouse, Jim at last reached the bare skin of his
daughter's tits.
   "Where's your bra?" he whispered.
   "Who needs it?  It just gets in the way."
   Jim laughed at her bluntness and cupped her little titties.  The nipples
were very pointed, partly from what she was watching and partly from being
exposed to the cool night air.  Jim took them between his thumbs and
forefingers and gave them each a little pinch.
   As always, her tits were very sensitive, and Becky wiggled back against her
dad with more vigor than before.  The shaft of his hard-on ran right along the
crack of her ass and Becky danced against it.
   Inside the house, Diane lifted her upper body, holding herself up on her
bent elbows.  The man continued to hump between her bent knees and she took
hold of his face and pulled it to hers, kissing him hungrily.
   For the first time Becky got a good look at the woman's face and saw that
she was very beautiful.  Her hair framed her perfect features and her large,
luminous eyes made her look rather exotic.  Becky could understand her
father's lust for Diane.  Just looking at her even made Becky feel a little
funny and she moaned.
   Jim's fingers moved down, opening her clothes the rest of the way.  Then he
shoved her sticky panties away from the flowing gash of her pussy and buried
both of his hands there.  He shoved one finger from each hand into the hole of
her cunt and fucked them in and out like pistons, one always inside her.
   Becky couldn't stay still while her father finger-fucked her this way.  She
humped and rolled her hips, increasing the friction his fingers gave her cunt.
The night air tickled the hairs of her pussy and she shivered when her warm
cream rolled out and met the cool breeze, chilling the hot meat of her cunt.
   Jim grunted against the side of her neck.  As he filled and refilled his
daughter's pussy, his eyes never left his friend's wife and the man fucking
her so mightily.  Diane had broken off their steamy kiss and her head had
lolled back, her face contorted with fuck-lust and partially covered with her
long, silky hair.  How Jim wished he could wrap some of that hair around the
throbbing shaft of his prick and jack himself off with it!
   At that thought, he nuzzled his face into Becky's hair deeper than  before.
He filled himself with the scent of her and it turned him on like crazy.  If
he couldn't have Diane, he could have his own daughter and Jim knew that
fucking his own flesh and blood was a thousand times more thrilling than
fucking anyone else.
   Wet, sticky sounds came from between his little girl's legs as his
fingers continued to trench out her juicy cunt.  The scent of her pussy
surrounded them like a cloud and Jim inhaled deeply, getting high on the
luscious aroma of teenaged pussy.  His head swam with it.
   The smell of her cunt made his mouth water and Jim knew that he had to
taste, as well as touch, her juicy young cunt.  He gave her pussy a couple
more spine-tingling jabs and then pulled his fingers free from her clasping
pussy-walls.
   "Wha-?" Becky mumbled.
   "Shhh, turn around, I want to eat you," Jim whispered, helping her into
the position he had in mind.
   Becky squirmed around until her head was pointing toward the window.  Her
dad then removed one of her shoes and pulled her jeans down and off that leg,
leaving them tangled around her other knee.  Her pussy sizzled right in front
of his open, ogling eyes and he dove head-first right into its creamy depths.
   Becky arched up when her father's lips hit the open lips of her pussy.
Her head tipped way back and she found that she could still see Diane and her
fuck-partner only now they were upside down!  The picture almost made Becky
laugh except that her father plunged his tongue into her pussy deeply and
changed her emotion from amusement to pure fuck-lust.
   "Ohhh," she sighed, opening her legs as wide as she could and assuming
the same sexy position Diane was in.
   While in the house the man between the woman's legs, his cock filling her
cunt, out in the yard the man filled the woman with his tongue, his head
bobbing between her thighs.  Jim slurped down all his daughter's juice
greedily, as if he had to get all that he could tonight because tomorrow
might never come.
   Becky humped her ass up out of the damp grass and fed her dripping pussy-
meat to her father.  She grabbed two big handfuls of his hair and used his
head for leverage as she bounced around, now and then still catching a
glimpse of what was happening inside the bedroom.
   Diane leaned forward and so did the man who was fucking her.  They
embraced and the man pulled her tighter to him, making her sit up flat on her
ass.  As Becky watched, she saw them entwine their legs until they were both
sitting up and facing each other, his cock apparently still inside of her
cunt.
   "Wow," she gasped, "that was neat!"
   Jim looked up over the fuzz of her cunt to see what she was looking at.
To his surprise he now saw the back of the man with Diane's legs around his
ass and her pretty face peeking over his shoulder.  Neither of them could
move much but, from the look of ecstasy on Diane's face, Jim knew that their
new fucking position was pleasing her plenty.
   Then he flicked his eyes back down and threw himself into the task at
hand, eating his daughter out.  He curled his tongue into a long tube and
thrust into her pussy with it, opening her up like magic.  Then he began a
series of long, straight fuck-strokes, probing her depths with the soft,
slimy length of his rigid tongue.
   Becky bucked and writhed, her fingers pulling hard at his hair and her
nails scraping at his scalp.  She made his face bob around between her legs,
his nose involuntarily being ground against her upstanding clit.
   But Jim didn't mind the slight discomfort his little girl's lust brought
to him.  He was glad to let her have her fun.  He snorted her smelly juices
and gulped them downby the mouthful, loving every tasty minute of this cunt-
lapping.
   As Jim delved his tongue far inside his daughter, scooping out helping
after helping of her tasty juices, he rolled his own hips from side to side,
his hard-on trapped beneath his body.  It was uncomfortable to have to lay on
top of such a swollen piece of cock-meat, but the man endured, more interested
in his daughter's pleasure than his own.
   "Oh, Daddy, ohhh, ohhh!" Becky whimpered.  "You do that sooo goood!"
   Jim lapped the flat of his tongue up and down over her entire cuntal
area.  The tip of his tongue touched the puckered hole of Becky's ass and he
was reminded of how well she had taken his cock when he had first fucked her
ass a few days ago.  In appreciation he tickled that rough little dent with
his tongue tip and then again lapped all the way up her creamy gash until his
tongue reached the pulsing button of her clitty.
   He pulled her clit in between his lips and drew it out long and taut.
Then he beat the end of it with the end of his tongue, loving the way Becky
bucked and grunted.  His hands were on either side of his munching face,
keeping the girl's legs spread as far apart as possible, giving himself
plenty of room to work.
   Slurping noisily, Jim glanced over Becky's cunt-bush to check out the
action inside the house.  Just as he looked up, he saw the man lean back and
take Diane with him, guiding her up onto his prick.  With a look of extreme
fuck-lust, Diane took her perch on top of him, his cock securely buried in
her pussy, like a queen to her throne.
   Better than ever her full, mature body was displayed for Jim's hot eyes.
Her curves were the lush, padded curves of a grown woman.  She rolled her
hips slowly, fucking at him as she looked down right into his eyes with
heavy-lidded horniness.  Jim watched her tits sway as she fucked that lucky
man.
   More turned on than ever, his cock pounding against the wet grass, he
reached forward and took hold of Becky's young tits.  He kept his eyes on
Diane, imagining it was her full set of titties that he had his fingers
stretched around.  His breathing grew heavy and thick and the jets of air
escaped his nostrils and tickled Becky's clit, making her squirm with
pleasure.
   Her father's tongue was driving Becky out of her mind.  Again she arched
herself up, giving him more of her pussy and allowing her to take an upside-
down look at what Diane was up to.  The sight of the perfect woman moving on
top of the man's cock with such sensuous grace made Becky green with envy.
She couldn't wait for her own young body to finish developing.
   "Ummm, fuck her," Becky spat, the top of her head in the moist grass as
she moved with Diane, jerking her cunt downward at the same speed.  "Fuck him
good!"
   The growling sound of his daughter's lewd commands thrilled Jim.  He zig-
zagged his tongue up through her open cuntal crack, touching her sizzling
skin only lightly and feeling the way she shuddered with mounting joy.  He
intended to toy with her a little more and then, when Becky couldn't stand it
anymore, he wanted to bring her off like never before.
   Becky arched her body, feeding her dad her pussy while she watched Diane
give the other man her cunt.  When Jim's hands left her tits and went back
down to hold her legs apart, Becky grabbed her own titties, rolling and
pinching and tweaking them, making herself soar higher with her incredible
fuck-lust.
   "Oh, Daddy!  Daddy!" she cried, her voice rather shrill in the empty night
air.
   Jim's pulse pounded in his ears as he shoved his tongue deep into Becky's
cunt and then wiggled it around inside of her.  He made his tongue flutter
into her cunt-tunnel and then run around her clit, touching her everywhere
that mattered as he brought her closer and closer to her beloved orgasm.
   Becky whimpered, her body jerking violently.  Her hands left her father's
head and instead grasped the grass beside her jumping ass, ripping it out by
the roots in big, wet clumps.  She no longer saw Diane, she no longer saw
anything except her own relief, which got closer and closer with each thrust
of her father's fucking tongue.
   "Oh!  Oh!  Ohhh!" she grunted, her words louder than ever before.
   Jim jammed her full of tongue one last time and then felt her go rigid
beneath him.  Becky let out a blood-curdling scream, but Jim ignored it,
pumping her pussy with his tongue with a quick, deep determination that kept
her creaming and screaming for several endless seconds.
   "Daddy!  Daddy!" she cried, her young body bucking and jumping.  "Ohhh!"
   Jim was in the groove with her orgasm, enjoying it with her until he looked
up into Diane's bedroom.  All the fucking there had stopped and Diane and her
partner were looking around themselves, Becky's screams having broken into
even their intense fucking trance.
   Jim's heart nearly stopped as Diane bounded off the bed and looked out her
large window.  Fortunately for him and Becky the difference in the light was
so extreme she still couldn't see them.  Jim saw her turn back to the man and
say something and, not one to take chances, Jim pulled himself up, gathering
the still-whimpering Becky up into his arms.
   "Daddy, wha...where...ummm," Becky moaned as he lifted her up and ran with
her toward the gate, her loosened pants dangling down from her half-naked
body.
   As he let the out the gate, Jim turned around to see an outside light come
on and Diane's fucking partner stepped out into the backyard, his cock still
at half mast.  Jim watched him scan the yard and then stride out into the
grass.  With Becky still cooing and sighing in his arms, Jim watched in horror
as the young man bent down and picked up something, straightening up and
holding Becky's forgotten tennis shoe in one hand.
   "Jesus!" Jim sighed, his heart pounding as he turned and ran down the alley
as fast as he could, the burden of his daughter heavier than ever in  his
arms.

                                  Chapter 8

   While almost getting caught seemed to deter Jim from wanting to go out
spying, it didn't bother Becky in the least.  At the very next opportunity,
she begged her dad to go out with her again, but Jim refused.  Fortunately
for Becky, there was more than one willing cock available to her.
   "I'll go!" Tom volunteered.  "I mean, I know I'm not dad or anything, but
don't forget it was me who got you into this in the first place."
   "I don't think I'll ever forget, and I know I'll never be able to thank
you enough," Becky said, giving her brother a kiss on the cheek.  "But come
on, mom won't be gone forever and I want to be here when she gets back."
   With a touch of remorse and more than a bit of apprehension, Jim watched
his kids rush outside, both clad in their special dark clothing.  He knew
that he should stop them, that what they were doing was dangerous, but he
also knew that spying was the most exciting thing in the world, especially
when it was shared with family.
   Tom knew all about his sister and father nearly getting caught, and he
was anxious to get a look at Diane so they headed right to her house.  But
when they got there, the lights in the living room were on, and the bedroom
with the sliding glass door was dark.  They waited for a few minutes, hoping
Diane might show up.  But both Tom and Becky knew that their time was
precious so when nothing happened, they took off again, this time hurrying
toward the sexy older blonde with the orgy room.
   Through the weeks of their spying, they had discovered that the blonde
was always good for a show.  It seemed she was always fucking and seldom with
the same men.  At home they made jokes about her, wondering how she made her
living when it seemed she was always fucking.
   From down the alley they could see that, as usual, her light was blazing.
They took up their usual spots in the vacant lot across the alley from her
bedroom, and settled down for some good hot looking.
   Tonight the blonde was entertaining a young boy.  He looked a little
familiar to Becky, and she wondered if he was in one of her classes at
school.  If he was, she knew she'd never paid much attention to him.  He was
nothing special to look at but when her eyes swept down from that semi-
familiar face to his cock, she gasped.  The nerd had a mega-cock!
   The boy was on his back, naked on the bed.  The buxom blonde wore a black
garter belt and black stockings as she knelt on the bed beside him, her hand
running up and down the incredible shaft of his cock.
   "Now you just relax, Bobby," the woman said.  "You're going to love this,
trust me.  Have I ever done anything to you that you didn't like?"
   "No-nooo," the boy croaked, his voice breaking with his nervousness.
   Across the alley Tom and Becky stared.  Then they noticed that not only
the curtains but also the window itself was open, bringing the blonde's lusty
words to them.
   "Great, now we can hear 'em, too!" Tom whispered.
   He spoke quietly, aware that if he and Becky could hear them, they could
her him and Becky if they weren't careful.  Getting caught sounded exciting
when it happened to someone else, but Tom wasn't too keen on putting himself
in that kind of danger.
   "Remember to be quiet," he reminded his sister.
   "I know," Becky said indignantly.  "I'll be more careful this time, don't
worry."
   The moans of the prone boy reached their ears and made the teenagers
twist with their own young lust.  Then the blonde leaned forward, her tits
hanging down, and closed her painted red lips around the head of Bobby's
prick.
   His cries changed when she engulfed his prick-tip.  Easily the woman took
all of his long cock and then pulled back and then took it again, moving with
a slow, fluid rhythm.  She ate and released the many inches of his cock as if
it were the easiest thing in the world.  Becky watched intently and
swallowed.  Neither her brother nor her father had a cock the size of this
kid's, and she had yet to master their pricks.  She couldn't imagine taking
something like this.
   The boy jerked and shuddered, his cock suddenly exploding in the woman's
mouth.  His body was taut with release, the cords in his neck standing out as
he tossed his head back and writhed in pleasure.
   Becky and Tom could see the blonde's throat working as she gulped down
his thick load.  While she ate his cream, she kneaded his balls, making sure
she got everything.  Then, even after the boy quit moving and she quit
swallowing, she kept his cock in her mouth, sucking it as eagerly as ever.
   "S-s-sorry I came so fast," the boy said shakily, trying to get up.
   But the blonde threw one leg across him and kept him pinned to the bed.
Her mouth was still tight around his cock, and she looked up at him with eyes
that told him to stay put.
   "But I came already," he whined.  "You can stop now, I-"A dark-haired woman
stood.  She was naked except for a pair of high-heeled pumps which she kicked
off after walking over toward the bed.
   "Mom!" the boy cried, struggling more vigorously against the blonde who
continued to suck his prick.  "What are you doing here?"
   "I got tired of paying Brenda to fuck you and that big horny cock of
yours all the time so I thought I'd drop by for a little fun myself."
   Becky and Tom looked at each other in shock.  This was better than
anything they had ever hoped for!
   "Can you imagine our mom saying that?" Tom snickered.
   "Not in a million years," Becky replied.  "I don't know how dad stands it."
   Bobby's mom crawled up onto the bed with him and brought her head near to
his.  Her face hovered above him and she smoothed back his hair as she looked
down at him tenderly.
   "It hasn't been easy since your father left," she said to her son.  "And
watching you grow up and get big, welll, pardon me if I forget I am your
mother."
   "Jesus!" Tom gasped as he watched the woman plaster her mouth to her
son's and give him a kiss the likes of which neither boy had ever seen
before.
   The woman bore down on her son, her mouth covering his completely.  She
twisted her lips this way and that, as if she wanted to screw herself right
to her child by the mouth.  Her long, painted nails held him by the ears,
making it impossible for him to get away.
   While the one woman plastered her mouth to his, the other kept up her
vicious cock-sucking.  As they worked him over, his struggles became less
urgent and soon his motions were more the soft, subtle ones of pleasure
rather than the violent ones of escape.
   "This is too much," Tom said, freeing his cock from the prison of his
jeans.  "Two women at once - what more could a guy want?"
   Becky reached for her brother's prick, but he was too caught up in
watching Bobby and the women to notice.  He just turned back to face the
window, his face set in a lewd smirk, leaving Becky with an extended, but
empty, hand.
   She withdrew her hand, unzipping her own jeans and touching the wet,
silky crotch of her panties.  If Tom was going to be satisfied with his own
hand, then she could be too.  She rubbed her bumpy cunt-mound gently,
excitement coursing through her veins.
   Like they were watching television or a movie, Becky and her brother
stared fixedly at the women and the boy in the room.  At last Bobby's mother
turned him loose and the boy panted for air, his thin chest heaving with the
effort of breathing.
   His mother smiled down at him and again caressed the side of his face.
Then, quickly, she whirled herself around so that she was straddling his
head, her pussy just a few inches from his startled face.
   "Brenda tells me you're a very good cuntlapper," she said, bobbing her
cunt up an down so that her dark bush brushed against his lips.  "Well let's
see if these lessons I've been paying for have taught you anything!"
   Bobby let out a yelp and then his mother plunged her pussy down on top of
his face, covering his mouth completely with the dripping meat of her cunt.
She rolled her head back and gyrated her hips, grinding her cunt tight
against his young face.
   By then the juices of Becky's cunt had saturated her thin panties and
they offered no more of the delightful stimulation she had previously
enjoyed.  She jerked the crotch to one side and let her fingertips go after
her bare cunt-flesh.
   With the tips of all her fingers flattened together, Becky rubbed her
cunt, smearing around the juices that ran from her inner reservoir.  She was
on her knees now, as was her brother, and they both swayed drunkenly as they
played with themselves.
   Tom had flipped his balls out over the open zipper of his pants and he
cupped them in one hand while he jacked his cock with the other.  He
sometimes held them up tight around the base of his prick, squeezing them
just right.  Other times he massaged them between his fingers, working them
back and forth.
   Becky's fingers ran down and over the curve of her pussy, their tips
automatically falling into the open gash of her cunt.  She took three fingers
inside of her and bobbed her cunt up and down on them, her semi-naked ass
working out and in to make her pussy fuck at her fingers.
   "Oh, yes, darling, do me just like that," Bobby's mother sighed from atop
his face.
   The boy had given in to his seductress, and he must have been fucking her
pussy with his tongue very well for her sighs of satisfaction rang out in the
night.  Becky and Tom each fingered themselves a little faster as they
watched the mother getting off on her son's mouth and tongue.
   At the other end of the boy, nearly forgotten by the onlookers, Brenda at
last pulled her face from the boy's prick and gave her tired jaws a rest.
Then she moved herself around and, much to the boy's surprise, climbed aboard
his upthrusting prick.
   "Yes, Brenda, yesss!  Let's fuck him together!  Let's fuck him and fuck
him and fuck him!  Ahhh!"
   Bobby's body tried to buck the woman on his cock up while he ate the
other one out, but it was too difficult.  He flopped around beneath them like
a fish out of water and at last Brenda spoke, her voice like satin.
   "Don't worry honey, just relax and do your mommy, I'll do all the work
back here."
   She began to buck herself slowly, moving in waves of sexual delight.  She
now faced the woman sitting on Bobby's face and soon she reached out for her
and the two women embraced, the boy laboring beneath them.
   "I don't fuckin' believe it!" Tom grunted, his cock sticking straight out
in front of him.  "He's fuckin' both of them!  Fuck!  Where do I sign up?"
   Becky giggled at her brother's eagerness, but she had to admit that the
scene turned her on like crazy too.  And when the two women started to kiss
and feel each other up, Becky felt her cunt lurch.  She'd never seen two
women get it on before, and she found the sight strangely erotic.
   The girl watched intently as the women ran their fingers up and down the
front of each other's body.  Bobby's mother was obviously older than Brenda,
and nowhere near as beautiful, but she still looked good to Becky.  Together
they cupped and smashed each other's tits, their hips still moving with
fucking motions over Bobby.
   What no one but Bobby was aware of was the way Brenda was working over
his cock with the skilled muscles of her cunt.  His prick was already
threatening to erupt from the controlled way she fucked him on the inside as
well as on the outside of her luscious body.
   Bobbdy reached down blindly and caressed her stockinged legs, loving the
way the taut fabric hugged her thighs.  His fingers also touched his mother's
legs and he was shocked that her body would be so close to Brenda's.  What
was going on up there? he wondered.
   Becky and Tom knew what the two women were up to, and it was a sexy sight
indeed.  They each leaned forward and rubbed their sweaty tits together, the
fronts of their bodies slithering against one another erotically.  For a
moment Tom had to stop jacking on his cock.  The two women were making him
come too fast so he held off for a while, letting his rising come calm back
down.
   But Bobby was not as able to control his own destiny.  Almost as quickly
as he had come before, his cream again jetted from the open tip of his prick,
this time filling Brenda's pussy instead of her mouth.
   "Oh yeah, give it to me, come on, give it to me," she said sexily, her
words helping to drain his balls.
   "Shit!" Tom grunted, grasping his bobbing cock again with both hands.  "I
gotta come too!"
   Becky was in the same state, but she was just not as vocal about it.  She
manhandled her clitty and jammed three fingers up into her pussy over and
over again as she watched this mini-orgy.  Cream poured from her pussy-hole
and made her finger-fucking wet and juicy.
   It was as if the orgasm Bobby had enjoyed spread right through him into
the body of his mother.  For just as Brenda made the boy cream and then fell
off his withering prick, the mother began to cry and then gave a shudder as
if her body might break apart.  She thrust her coming cunt down against her
son's face more violently than ever as her orgasm tore through her.  She
shimmied and gasped, her body pitching forward and then tossing backward.
   At last she too fell from the exhausted boy and landed tangled together
with Brenda.  The sultry blonde moaned and gently moved around until Bobby's
mother's face was very near to Brenda's cream-filled cunt.
   "Oh no, she wouldn't!" Tom exclaimed.  "Oh God!"
   But in an instant it became clear to the young voyeurs that she certainly
would.  As if she were starving, she pounced on Brenda's pussy, vacuuming out
her son's jism.
   "Oh!  Ohhh!" Becky moaned, her cunt trembling as she watched the woman-to-
woman sex.
   Becky had never imagined something like this would turn her on so
powerfully.  But her cunt pulled itself tight around her fucking fingers and
then exploded, pulsing around her fucking hand as she continued to pound
herself with it.
   "You're not kiddin'!" her brother grunted in agreement, his cock hosing
down the bushes around them.
   From the corner of her eye Becky could see the white stream of her
brother's ejaculation.  For an instant she was torn, not knowing which was
the more erotic sight, one woman eating the other or her own brother coming
off.  Then she made her choice and turned her full attention to Tom.
   On the bed in the house, Bobby rolled onto one side and watched the two
women go at each other.  For many minutes, the three teenagers looked on in
awe as the adults writhed in extreme lust.  Bobby reached out to touch his
mother, fingering her cunt as she sucked his cream from the bowl of Brenda's
pussy.
   Outside in the darkness, Becky and Tom tingled with the many more orgasms
they knew they could have.  But then Tom took a look at his watch and shook
his sister gently by the shoulder, bringing her out of her trance.
   "Hey!" he whispered.  "I think we better go.  It's about time for mom to
get home.  If we wanna be there first, we're gonna have to get a move on."
   Her eyes still on the window, Becky nodded.  Still staring at the
incredible sight of the continuing orgy, she shimmied back into her jeans and
ran her fingers through her hair.
   Tom got to his feet first and offered his sister a sweaty hand.  With a
smile she let him help pull her to her feet and the two of them ran back down
the alley, racing to see who could get home first.

                                  Chapter 9

   When his children told him about what he had missed, Jim forgot his fears
about going out spying.  In fact, the more he thought about it, the more
anxious he became to hit the streets again as soon as possible.
   The next evening, when his wife said she felt a little ill and went up to
bed very early, Jim couldn't have been happier.  He was so eager to look in
on some hot fucking action that he was willing to take a chance on going out
with Becky and Tom while their mother was in the house.
   "Get your coats kids, let's go, go, go!" he exclaimed, interrupting their
television program and switching off the set.
   "Come on, Dad," Tom said.  "We can't go with mom here."
   "Your mother has gone to bed with a headache."
   "Yeah, but what if she gets up?" Becky asked.
   "I just looked in on her, and she's asleep already.  What's the matter
with you guys?" Jim leered.  "Don't you wanna fuck?"
   Becky and Tom both laughed at their father's new-found sexuality.  And,
instead of answering his question with words, they just went upstairs to
change their clothes.
   "I can't believe she's not home either," Becky sighed as they turned away
from Brenda's darkened window.  "She was our last hope!"
   The disappointed blonde looked into the equally long faces of her father
and brother.  They'd combed the neighborhood and had not found anything
interesting to look at.  Even the ultra-sexy Brenda had disappointed them.
   "I guess it wasn't meant to be," Jim said, draping an arm around the
shoulder of each of his children.  "We might as well just go home and try
another night."
   "Shit, and I was gettin' really hot for it, too," Tom grumbled, kicking a
stone.
   They took their time walking home, their eyes still scanning the windows
along the back alley.  Many of them were lit and some even had open drapes.
But there was no fucking happening in any of them.
   They were just a few houses away from their own backyard when they
suddenly saw the light in Jim and Julia's bedroom go on.  Instinctively they
all hurried up, then slowed again when they realized it was just their own
house.
   "Your mother must be up," Jim said.
   "Oh god, what'll we tell her?" Becky exclaimed worriedly.
   Jim just laughed and rumpled her hair.  "I'll just say we went out for
ice cream or something.  Don't worry."
   As they passed by Julia's lighted window on the way around to the front
door, they just couldn't help but look in.  And when they did, the sight
stopped them dead in their tracks, the three of them letting out a collective
gasp of surprise.
   In her present state, Julia looked anything but ill.  In fact, Becky and
Tom had never seen her look lovelier and Jim instantly felt his cock pound
with a longing for his wife he hadn't felt in years.
   Julia was leaning back against the padded headboard of their big bed.
She was naked and her legs were spread, her knees bent and pointed outward.
Her small body looked rather frail in the soft light, her short blonde hair
making her look like a child.  The cross expression that had seemed permanent
on her face lately was gone, and in it's place was a look of rapture.
   Her hands were between her parted legs and all three observers assumed
she was fingering her pussy.  But then she drew her hands back away from her
cunt and they could see something large between them.
   "She's fucking herself with something!" Becky gasped.  "Oh my god, it's a
cucumber!"
   Jim and Tom stared.  Becy was right, Julia did seem to be pounding a
large, green cucumber in and out between the lips of her cunt, her face
rolling with lust.
   Jim and Tom and Becky each looked at each other blankly.  Jim couldn't
understand it.  His wife almost never wanted to fuck him, and here she was
fucking herself with a pseudo cock.  What was her problem? he wondered.
   Although Tom and Becky didn't know the details about their parents' sex
life, they had assumed that it wasn't the greatest.  Still, they couldn't
help feeling sorry for their father.  His expression belied a dozen mixed
emotions.
   "Don't be upset, Dad," Becky whispered, nuzzling up to her father and
cupping his tented crotch.
   "Yeah, Dad," Tom piped up.  "Who needs her?  You've always got us."
   Jim cupped his daughter's groping hand and gave his son a short hug.  He
just didn't understand Julia and he watched her for many minutes, his
confusion growing rather than lessening.
   Tom and Becky stood quietly while their father stared at their mother.
Becky kept her hand at his crotch, her fingers working over his lengthening
prick.  She wa