THE BABYSITTER GETS SOCKED
by David Meyers

     The summer after my sophomore year in college I spent most of my time
hanging around the house. When our neighbors, the Martins, asked if I would
mind babysitting for their 9 year old son Andy. Andy's older brother Chris was
going to be out for most of the evening so they needed someone to watch after
him. Chris was a very attractive 17 year old. He was tall and solidly built,
perhaps a little clumsy in navigating his size 13 feet. I suppose that he got
them from his father...another one with the lucky number foot size. I had the
opportunity several times that summer to have fooled around with their
footwear. I was not babysitting for my health. I had been developing a fixation
on mens socks and underwear. They didn't have to be in them, they didn't even
have to be used...but I preferred them that way.

     I arrive at the Martins around 7:00 PM, everything runs smoothly. Andy and
I watch some TV together until about 10:00. Once he's in bed...I begin my
search for a hot pair of socks to J/O into. First I check his Dad's bedroom for
a pair. I really like the kind he wears and had stolen several pairs for my
private collection. The room was clean and free of all discarded clothing. I
checked out the hamper in the bathroom. Empty! A quick trip to the laundry room
revealed that there wasn't a dirty sock or brief to be had. All clean! I was
really frustrated. The Martins weren't due home until well after midnight. I
really needed to get off. On a whim I decided to check out Chris's room;
knowing that 17 year olds had a habit of throwing their clothes everywhere.
Maybe his Mom hadn't cleaned out his room yet. I was delighted with what I
found.

     The room was stuffy and musky, that teen odor from too many sweaty clothes
laying around. And his Mom had not touched a thing. There was a carpet
underfoot of socks, jocks, underwear, T-shirts, jeans...etc. I was really
getting aroused by the smell of it. Until now I had not really thought of
Chris's socks or his feet as exciting. I had a crush on his father...I was
generally "into" older men. I also preferred those oversized, dark furry socks
that his Dad wore, to the usual white sweatsocks that Chris prefers.
However...like father, like son...along with some really grungy sweats there
were an odd assortment of the kind just like his Dad's. Thank you Mom! I picked
one up and sniffed the toe. I couldn't believe it...I liked it better than his
Dad's. The toes of the socks I had in my hand were slightly hard from too much
sweat. I sat on the bed and searched for a pair that would make my cock feel
good. Picking up a pair from next to the bed I was shocked to discover that
they were caked with cum! So Chris had been jerking off into his socks! I
imagined that he really did not share my fetish. I suppose that they were just
convenient. A picture came into my head of Chris, laying naked on his bed, legs
spread wide, and a sock covering his dick while he slowly stroked himself to a
climax. I gathered up a bunch of socks into a pile and buried my face in them.
Taking down my shorts, I pretended that I was Chris and lay on his bed. I tried
stroking myself with different pairs until I found one that felt the best. I
closed my eyes and breathed in the locker room smell all around me. I wanted to
make this last. Suddenly I saw car lights beam through the window. Someone was
home. I threw the socks away and quickly tried to make myself presentable.
Peeking out the hall window I saw that it was Chris...home early.
     I made it to the sofa in the TV room just as the back door opened. Chris
came in wearing a football jersey, jeans and sneakers. Even though I was a
couple of years older and we had different friends...Chris and I had developed
a casual friendship. So when he saw me sitting on the sofa, he came right in
and sat down next to me. My hardon had gone down in the flurry of excitement,
but now, looking at Chris in the flesh, it was coming back. He had a fight with
his date so he had come right home after the movie. He asked me about what I
was watching on TV and invited me to stay until the movie that I was
(pretending to be) watching was over. I guess he was feeling pretty horny and
started asking me a lot of questions about girls in college. I fielded them the
best I could, all the while thinking about maybe having sex with him. He
started getting into a really deep rap about girls, guys, sex, school. During
this he kicked off his sneakers and put his feet up on the sofa next to me. His
white sweat socks were sweaty and fragrant. I don't think he even noticed.
After a while the proximity of his feet was making me feverish. I was hoping
that the conversation would take a turn, like it does in all those dirty
stories I've read, where I would say something like...let's jerk off
together...can I touch yours?...do you ever jerk off into your socks? Well it
didn't happen that way. What happened was...Chris got a cramp in his foot! Can
you believe it? So of course I offered to massage it. I took his socked foot
into my hand and rubbed the cramp out of it. However, I was not going to let go
so fast. I offered a little preventative medicine. I pulled his sock off and
began massaging his bare foot. Then I did the same to the other foot. I turned
so his feet were in my lap and hid my erection. My medicinal massage began to
turn erotic. I couldn't help it...it just seemed natural. My touch got lighter
and more caressing. Chris didn't seem to mind...he just closed his eyes and
smiled. Then he jerked a little and told me that I was tickling him. I held on
to his foot tighter and tickled the soles of his feet. He laughed and told me
that I was making his dick get hard so would I please stop. I did
stop...tickling his feet. I leaned over and licked the soles of his feet. Chris
looked surprised...but he didn't ask me to stop. In fact, when I took his bare
toes into my mouth he told me it felt great. He never asked me why. I told him
that if he wanted to jerk off it was OK...I was pretty excited too. He pulled
his jeans down and I pulled them off his legs. I took off my shorts while he
took off his briefs. He had a nice size cock, maybe 6 1/2 or 7 inches long with
a nice mushroom head. He started playing with it...stroking it up and down. I
began to do the same with mine. Then he asked me if I ever used anything to
jerk off with. I pretended that I didn't know what he meant. He said that
usually he would rub his dick with something soft...like a sock and cum in
that. Neater you know. I said no (I lied) I hadn't but I would try...I started
to take one of my socks off, but Chris stopped me. No, not that kind...wait a
sec and I'll get a pair. He left the room with his stiff rod leading the way
and his heavy balls swinging between his long legs. As soon as he was out of
the room I went for the socks on the floor. They smelled great...I would allow
him to watch me jerk off into a sock but I was not going to let him see me
sniffing his stinky ones. He returned with...a pair of his Dad's socks...the
ones I like. They were clean but so very soft and furry. I asked him to show me
what to do. He lay back on the sofa and folded the sock over his dick and
started stroking really slow. Watching him I did the same. Then I had an idea.
I told him that I knew a better way to hold the sock. He looked at me, thinking
that I would show him on my cock. But I reached out for his dick and holding it
straight up I slowly pulled the fuzzy sock down the shaft...letting it glide
across the sensitive head. Needless to say he loved it. I pulled it down so the
head was in the toe and told him to go to town. I pulled mine on the same way
and we beat in unison. It didn't take long for him to start squirting his juice
into the toe of that sock. I came myself watching him cum. I told him that I
thought a sock was a great way to get off and I would try it again at home. We
dressed quickly and I left before his parents came home.

     I would still play around with the dirty laundry...but I thought of 
Chris a little differently after that night.
