Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy

Little Soldier Boy

This story is one of my earliest attempts at mother/son relationships. 
Unfortunately I think it starts way too quickly (I like build up now) but
it does have some good sex scenes later in the story.  It gets REALLY
bizarre  toward the end, a digression that perhaps should have been left
out.  You tell me....

Little Soldier Boy

	My mother stood at the gravestone of my father standing in his old Marine
uniform.  I could hardly keep from staring at my own mother's chest as her
extremely large breasts heaved from the top of the uniform that was too
tight to button up all the way.  My mother's pale white breasts all but
gleamed in the bright noonday sun.  Just then mother bent over and knelt to
put flowers on the grave.  I got a great look between her massive tits and
couldn't help but feel my cock stiffen a little.	
	Mother looked up at me then.  I liked the way she had her long brown hair
tucked up under that white Marine hat and the way her big doe eyes stared
at me with that wet look just before a tear falls.
	"Is this what you want to happen to you?" she said.
	"No," I replied calmly.  "But if it happens, it happens.  I'm not afraid
to die"
	"I don't want to lose my son too," she said with tears in her eyes.  I
couldn't help but notice how her gigantic tits heaved up and down as she
sobbed and I couldn't believe how much it was turning me on.
	Mother looked up just in time to see my gaze fixed between her milky white
mounds.
	"Is there anything I can do to convince you to stay?" she said.
	"I've made up my mind," I told her as I tried to stop looking down her
top.
	Suddenly mother reached up and pulled open a button on her blouse.  I
couldn't help but glance at her top as it popped open a bit and showed more
of those lucious melons
	"Nothing?" she asked.
	"I uh…" I blushed as my mother pulled open another button.  My cock
uncontrollably hardened when I noticed that she was not wearing a bra.  I
could see the tops of dark circles of my mother's aureoles and it was
killing me not to stare.
	Mother stood up straight on her knees and leaned back a little letting the
sun hit her front as she unbuttoned a few more buttons until the jacket was
completely undone.  For a moment mother held the jacket together as she
looked around the empty cemetery to ensure we were alone.  Then to my
surprise, mother pulled open the jacket, tucking the sides around her
massive breasts.  Her tits were the most beautiful tits I had ever seen in
my life.  Her dark nipples were hard and pointy and her chest heaved with
her breathing.
	"Mom," I gasped in shock.
	"At least fuck me," she said as she grabbed her tits and squeezed them
together.  "Fuck me once before I lose you forever."
	"But mother," I said nervously as she started to unzip her Marine uniform
slacks.
	I could see the little triangle of brown hair between my mother's legs and
I wanted so badly to see more.
	"PLEASE," mother begged as she sat up straight again and pulled her slacks
down to her knees.
	My cock was practically busting out of my pants as I saw my mother's
beautiful pussy and tight ass.  I looked around nervously, expecting to get
caught.  Here I was out in the middle of a public cemetery with my mother
half naked before me.
	"No one's going to see us," she said as she sat on the grass of my
father's grave and lay down on her back.  I watched excitedly as my mother
raised her legs and slid the slacks up over her legs.  When she raised her
legs I got a great view of my mother's beautiful clit.  Her fleshy vaginal
lips pouted out from between her perfect legs, begging to be licked and
nibbled.
	I couldn't fight it any longer as I dropped to my knees on the grass and
watched my mother spread her knees wide for me.
	I stared longingly as mother's huge mounds pointing to the sky as her hand
slid between her legs and started rubbing her pussy.
	"I love you so much," she said as she pulled on her meaty clit until the
lips parted slightly down low near her vaginal canal.  God mother' pussy
looked so tight and inviting.  I wanted so badly to put my cock in that
little hole, but first I had to taste her.
	As I leaned over between mother's knees she realized what I was about to
do.
	"OH GOD!" Mother cried out as she lifted her head so that she could see
over her huge breasts.  "Lick mommy's pussy!  It's been so long!"
	When my fingers touched my mother's fleshy clit I felt shivers go down my
spine.  Mother moaned lowly as I separated my first two fingers, pulling
apart mother's hot lips so that I could see the wet juice gathering in her
little hole.
	Quickly I lapped at the little puddle of juice in my mother's crack which
made her scream out in pleasure.
	"YES!" She panted.  "Lick it all up!"
	My cock started dribbling pre cum and socking my jeans as I shoved my
tongue deep into my mother's wet pussy.
	"FUCK!" Mother moaned as she bucked on my face.  I tried hard to keep my
tongue inside that wonderful tasting cunt but mother was squirming all over
the grass as if trying to get away.  I slipped my hands around mothers legs
and pulled her wonderful cunt right up into my mouth where I could eat more
vigorously.
	"Oh God!" Mother shouted. "OH GOD! OH GOD!"
	I could tell she was about to have an orgasm and the thought of making my
own mother cum just excited me even more.
	"OOO, I love you baby!" Mother said.  "Eat mommy's cum!  Lick it all up!!!
YES!"
	I could feel the thick flow of a deep vaginal orgasm on my tongue and I
lapped at it's tangy sweet flavor as mother tossed and turned in my hands.
	As mother slowed her squeals of pleasure I dropped her back to the grass
and looked up from between her legs.
	Mother looked me deep in the eyes with a hunger I had never seen before. 
She tossed her Marine hat to the side and sat up quickly.
	I leaned forward a little to kiss my mother on the lips and she quickly
stuck out her tongue and licked my chin where her cum still looked messy on
me.
	"Thank you baby," She whispered as she licked her cum off my face with her
hot tongue.  "Thank you, thank you, thank you!"
	I stuck my tongue out and mother quickly licked my tongue as if trying to
get her own flavor off of it.  My hands found their way to mother's
colossal tits and I moaned as I felt her hot flesh in my hands for the
first time.
	"They're all yours," Mother said as she arched her back slightly so I
could play with her tits better.
	Carefully I pinched her hard nipples and tugged them to even harder peaks
before I leaned down and placed one of them in my mouth.
	Mother's hands were all over me as they pulled my shirt up out of my pants
and slid it up under my arms.  I let got of mother's lovely breasts to
accommodate her efforts until she had taken off my shirt.  I looked around
the cemetery again but we were all alone, just mother and me.
	Suddenly mother's hand was on my cock squeezing it through my tight jeans.
	"God it's so big and hard!" Mother panted as she used both hands to
unbutton my jeans now.
	I leaned back now on the palms of my hands and let mother undo my jeans. 
I nervously waited for her to reach into my underwear and I nearly came
when her hot hand wrapped around my hard cock and pulled it out.
	"It's so fucking gorgeous," mother said as she started stroking my long
shaft in her fist.  Before I could say a word, mother was bending down and
shoving my hard cock into her hot wet mouth.
	"MOM!" I groaned as I fought off an almost immediate release.
	Mother pulled down my jeans so that she uncovered my bare ass and balls. 
I felt on fire as mother's hands slid around to my muscular ass and her
mouth dropped to my balls where she started licking and kissing my large
sack.
	"Oh God mom," I moaned.  "That feels so good."
	"I want to swallow your cum baby," Mother said as she kissed her way up my
big cock.  "I want to taste my baby's cum."
	When mother slid my cock in her mouth this time I felt it slide down her
throat until she nibbled at my balls for just a second.
	"God I just want to explode!" I shouted.
	"CUM!" Mother said.  "Cum in mommy's mouth!"
	Mother was squeezing my ass with one hand and rubbing my balls with the
other as her hot lips slid over my cock head over and over again.
	"Oh God I'm gonna cum!" I said at last.  "OH SHIT!!!!"
	Like a cannon my cum spurted against the back of my mothers mouth and slid
down her throat.  Mother's mouth clamped down on my cock like a vise as she
sucked on the head and jerked my long pole up and down with her fist.  Her
hand still squeezed my balls as if she would squeeze ever last drop out of
them.
	"OH FUCK!" I growled as I held the back of my mother's head so she
wouldn't move any more.  My cock was so sensitive I couldn't take any more
stimulation.  I felt mother' tongue flick down the crack of my cockhead
making it spurt more cum right on her tongue.
	I fell backwards then and mother fell with me, not taking her mouth of my
cock as I lay on my back in the grass.  As I stretched out my legs straight
mother slid her mouth off my pole and looked at me with contented eyes.
	"I can't believe what just happened," I said dreamily.
	"Are you sorry you did it?" she asked as she knelt between my legs naked.
	"HELL NO!" I said.  "I loved every second of it.  I only wish there could
be more."
	"There can be," Mother said.  "If you stay with me."
	"Oh mother," I said saddened.  "I want to stay with you.  More than ever. 
But this is something I have to do."
	"I understand," mother said.  "You're father was the same way."
	Mother just stared at me for a long time then as if thinking.
	"If your going to leave me," mother said.  "At least leave me something to
keep me company until you come back."
	"Name it," I said.  "Anything."
	"You're baby," she said quietly.
	"What?" I asked shocked.
	"We have a month until you go away," mother said.  "If we make love every
day I know you would get me pregnant."
	"Are you serious?" I asked still stunned.
	"You don't want me to have your baby?" mother said sadly.  "I understand…"
	"NO!" I stopped her.  "I mean, I'd love for you to have my baby.  I just
never thought about it.  I mean is it even safe?"
	"Yes," Mother said matter of factly.  "I did some research and children
born from a mother and her son are far less likely to have birth defects
then any other type of incestuous relation."
	"You checked?" I asked.  "How long have you been thinking about this?"
	"Ever since you graduated," mother said.  "I knew you would be leaving me
and I wanted something for you to leave behind."	
	"I'm not leaving you," I demanded.  "I'll be coming back."
	"I know," mother said.  "But just in case…"
	I lay there for a moment and thought.  What would happen if mom got
pregnant?  Would the Marines find out?  Would I be expelled?  Or worse yet,
what if the baby didn't come out normal?  But as I looked into my mother's
eyes and saw her deep love for me I knew that it didn't matter what
happened.  We would always be together.
	"Ok," I said.
	"You'll let me have your baby?" mom asked excitedly.
	"Yes," I said.  "I want you to have my baby."
	"Let's name him after your father," mother said as she leaned over and lay
on top of me to give me a kiss.
	"How do you know it will be a boy?" I asked.
	"I just know," mother said.
	As mother's tongue slipped into my mouth I felt her soft breasts smash
against my chest.  My hands slid around to her sun warmed back as she lay
down, pressing my cock against her stomach as we kissed.  I looked down my
mother's body at the way her gigantic tits pushed to the sides of my chest
and her extremely hot ass curving down between my legs.  My cock hardened
once again so that my mother had to lift up a little to give it room to
expand.
	"Let's go home and get started on making our baby," I said.
	Mother reached between us and grabbed my hard cock.  Carefully she pulled
my cock down between her legs as she scooted up on top of me and slapped my
fat shaft against her wet cunt so that my cock stood up against her ass.
	"Are you sure you want to wait till we get home?" she asked.
	I could see my cockhead sticking up over my mother's tight ass and could
feel the hot wetness of her pussy against my shaft.  I wanted to fuck her
so bad!
	"Oh mother," I panted as I slid my hands down her back and spread her ass
with my hands.  I couldn't believe how incredibly tight my mother's ass
felt.
	"That's it baby," Mother said as she scooted up and pushed her gigantic
left breast in my face.  I opened my mouth and sucked her beautiful brown
nipple into it.  "Suck mommy's tits!"
	As I eagerly suckled my mother's breasts she climbed off of me on to her
hands and knees.  Pulling her tit out of my mouth she crawled over to my
father's gravestone and grabbed on to it with her ass facing me.
	"Come over here and ram that big hard cock up mommy's pussy," she breathed
heavily.
	I couldn't help but stare again at the perfect fleshy lips of my mother's
cunt as she slid her hand between her legs and pulled her lips apart
slightly with her fingertips.
	"You're so beautiful," I told her as I climbed up on my knees.  Placing my
hands on my mothers ass once again and pulled her taut cheeks apart to
reveal her perfect little asshole.  My tongue instinctively shot out and I
flicked my tongue into mother's crack licking her asshole in little
circles.
	"OH GOD!" Mother shouted.  "I love that!  Lick my ass!"
	Quickly I stabbed my tongue in her hole, pressing as hard as I could as I
licked up and down her crack over and over.  Every once in a short while I
would flick my tongue down to her wet pussy and lick the delicate nub
between her clit.
	"OH GOD FUCK ME!" Mother all but screamed now.  "I have to have my son's
hard cock inside me!!!"
	I couldn't wait any longer either.  I quickly positioned myself behind her
grabbing my fat cock at the base of the shaft and guided the purple head
against her hot pussy.
	Mother quickly raised her right knee up and spread her legs so that she
could see between them at my fat cock as I pushed it between her fleshy
lips and started to enter her.
	"Oh Jesus Christ it's so beautiful seeing your cock….UHHHH!!!!!!" Mother
shouted as I pushed the first two inches of my shaft up inside her.
	The look on mother's face was of surprise as if she hadn't felt something
like this before.
	"Oh it feels so good, it feels so good!" mother panted as she reached
between her legs and grabbed the base of my cock.  I could feel her tugging
at it to put it inside her as she continued to look between her legs at it.
	My mother's huge tits were dangling perfectly in the bright sun and I
loved seeing my cock slowly work up inside her.
	"Oh God I love your enormous cock," mother panted as she pulled my cock
into her another couple inches.  I could feel her tight cunt spasm around
my shaft and I groaned out in pleasure.  "Fuck your mother!"
	"I'm going to," I assured her.  "Oh I'm going to."
	Grabbing my mother's soft thighs I pulled her toward me and plunged my
cock deep up her achingly tight hole.
	"OH GOOODDDD!!!!" Mother screamed out in the empty cemetery.
	"FUCK!" I groaned with her.  Both of us knelt there motionless as my cock
stretched my mother's tight cunt.  I could feel every muscle easing slowly
as she became accustomed to my wide girth.
	Mother looked over her shoulder at me with a wild look in her eyes.
	"Fuck me goddamnit!  Ram that cock up my pussy!"
	"Oh Jesus mother," I panted as I looked at her and knew that I had fallen
in love with her like never before.  Slowly I slid my big cock out of her
and she grabbed on to my fathers gravestone as if she were about to pass
out.
	Loving the way my mother bit her lip and fluttered her eyes as if she were
about to lose consciousness I plunged my cock deep inside her again.
	Mother fell against the gravestone, her big tits smashing against the cold
concrete.  Her mouth was wide open as if in a scream but only a thin shrill
gasp of air escaped.	
	I pulled my cock out again before she could regain her breath and rammed
it deep into her once more.  The veins on my mother's neck started to pop
out as her face turned red and she continued trying to scream.  She was
holding on to the gravestone tightly, her mouth opening and closing like a
fish out of water.  As I pulled my cock out for another stroke she finally
screamed.
	"Uhhhh!!" Was all she could manage.  I could feel her hot pussy squeezing
my cock like a vise and I wanted to cum badly.  All I could think of was
how much I wanted to continue this, to see her struggling to keep
consciousness.
	"Cumming…" she gasped.  "I'm…cumming…"
	Burying my cock deep inside her I bent over my mother and slapped my hands
loudly on her massive tits.  I squeezed my mother's lovely breasts hard as
she continued gasping and whispering in deep orgasm.
	"I'm gonna cum mother," I whispered in her ear as she bucked beneath me.
	Mother opened her mouth as if to say something and I quickly stuck my
fingers in her mouth as I shot a huge load of cum inside her.
	Mother bit down on my fingers causing slight pain but my cock just spurted
jet after jet of hot cum up her wet pussy.
	I held my mother with one hand on her breast and one in her mouth as I
finished shooting my load.
	Mother's eyes flittered and then she suddenly fell limp to the grass
unconscious
I proudly laid down beside my mother and sucked her still hard nipples
until she came back around.
"Are you ok?" I asked when she looked at me.


	I saw mother shortly after boot camp.  She was nearly 9 months pregnant
and had a huge belly full of my child.  My aunt was with her when mother
picked me up at the airport.
	"I'm about to have our baby!" Mother said as she kissed me on the lips in
the airport.
	I had no idea that my aunt knew about us and I blushed brightly.
	"You told…" I started.
	"She told me everything," my aunt said.  "I think it's beautiful."
	"Wow," I said shocked.  "You look great mom."
	When I said this, a lady standing next to us who had been listening to our
conversation gasped and stared with gaping mouth.
	"That's right," mom said to the lady.  "I'm having my son's baby."
	"Come on," I said.  "let's get out of her before we get arrested."
	Together the three of us walked to my aunts car and loaded up.
	"You two better ride in the back," my aunt said.  "I'm sure you have a lot
of catching up to do."
	As soon as the doors were closed my mother started kissing me deeply with
tongue.
	"I missed you so much," she kept saying as my aunt drove us home.
	"I missed you two," I said as my cock hardened while she kissed me.
	"Want some milk?" mother asked as she looked down at her heaving chest
suggestively.
	"Ya," I said highly aroused by the idea of drinking milk from my mother's
breasts.
	Mother slowly unbuttoned her blouse while staring at me.  My aunt kept
looking in the rear view mirror trying to see better which made me a bit
nervous.
	As mother opened her blouse and unsnapped her bra my heart pounded a
hundred miles an hour.  Her massive tits were even bigger now as they
swelled with milk.  Pulling her shirt completely open to uncover her
breasts I worried about passing cars on the highway.  Mother didn't seem to
car as she pushed her beautiful creamy white tits together and offered them
to me.
	Quickly I leaned down and engulfed a nipple in my mouth.  I sucked hard
and felt a warm jet of milk hit my tongue with a sweet taste.
	"Oh God," Mother moaned out loud as I sucked her nipple harder and started
to squeeze her bit tit to get more out.
	"That's it," my aunt said from the front.  "Take care of your mother. 
She's been talking about this for months now."
	The entire way home for the next half hour I sucked both of mother's
breasts getting as much milk as I could.  When we got home she buttoned up
her blouse and we all headed inside.
	When we got in the house mother took my hand.
	"Now I get to suck something of yours," she said.
	"Uh," my aunt interjected.  "I think I should get to suck it first. 
You're going to have him the rest of the day."
	I was shocked at what was being said.
	"Ok," mother said.  "But you better not let your husband find out."
	"He wont," she said before she turned to me.  "Do you mind?"
	"Um," I blushed. "Do I mind what?"
	"Do you mind if I give you head?" my aunt said matter of factly.
	"Sure," I said.  "I mean.  I don't mind if mom doesn't mind."
	"Just as long as you promise to make it up to me later," mother said to
me.
	"How?" I asked.
	"You'll see later," mother smiled.
	My aunt walked over to me and offered the couch.
	"Make yourself comfortable," she said.
	I sat on the couch while mother sat in a chair across the room and watched
us with a smile.
	"Let's see how big this cock is your mother keeps talking about," my aunt
said as she slid her hand up my leg to my zipper.
	Without feeling my hard shaft my aunt pulled my zipper down and pulled
open my pants.  Taking my underwear carefully, she pulled them down to
uncover my long hard shaft laying against my lower abdomen.
	"Oh my fucking god," my aunt said with eyes wide.  "It's just as big as
you said."
	Mother sat up to get a better look at what she hadn't seen in nearly a
year.
	"I told you," mother said as my aunt grabbed my hard cock and pulled it
out.
	"You have to let me fuck him," my aunt said as she held my hard cock and
stared at it in awe.  "I've never had anything this big inside me."
	"Well neither have I," Mother sounded insulted.
	"Ya but you get it all the time now."
	"I haven't had it in over 8 months!" Mom argued.
	"I'll let you two be with each other first," my aunt stated.
	"Just suck his cock will ya," mother demanded.  "I'm getting impatient."
	"Promise you'll let him put it in me?"
	"I promise," mother said finally.  "Now hurry up.  I want to be with my
son."
	With mouth open wide my aunt slid my cock down her throat and began
sucking me like I'd never been sucked before.
	"Oh fuck!" I groaned as my aunt jerked my pole vigorously as she sucked me
off.  Her tongue swirled around my cockhead in a frenzy.
	Like a cannon I went off, blowing cum down my aunts throat with extreme
velocity.
	"OH GOD!" I grunted as my aunt gripped my cock with an iron fist and
swallowed every drop.
	My aunt pulled away from me with a satisfied look on her face as if it
were her who just had an orgasm.
	"Did you like that?" she asked.
	"God that was good," I said.
	I hadn't noticed with my aunt sucking me that my mother had taken off her
clothes now and was completely naked.  I looked at her big swollen tummy
and my cock got even harder as I thought about my baby being inside her
right then.
	My aunt grabbed my pants and started pulling them down for me.
	"Now you fuck your mother nice and good," she said and save some of that
lucious cock for me."
	"You bet," I said as my pants came off now.
	"Why don't you lay on the ground," mother said.  It will be easier for
me."
	I quickly got on my back on the floor and my aunt grabbed my cock.
	"Here," she said.  "Let me help."
	Mother straddled me and got on her knees.  I watched her huge breasts
bounce perfectly as she positioned herself over my throbbing cock.
	My aunt placed my fat head against my mother's wet cunt.
	"Did you like cumming in your aunts mouth baby?" mother asked.
	"Yes," I admitted as my mother pushed down a bit and started my big cock
up inside her tight hole.
	"OH GOD!" Mother gasped as my fat pole sank into her strained cunt a few
inches.
	"Keep going sis," my aunt said.  "Fuck your son's big cock!"
	My cock plowed through my mother's meaty cunt forcefully inch by inch.
	My mother grabbed her huge tits and squeezed them hard making milk leak
out as she pushed hard on me to get me up inside her.  I could see the
lovely veins on her neck sticking out again like the first time we made
love and it made me quiver.
	"Push sis, push!" my aunt urged.  "Get that big cock up there!"
	"OH FUCKING GOD!!" mother screamed out as my cock went all the way inside
her.
	"Way to go!!!" My aunt shouted.  "Fuck your son!"
	Slowly mother started sliding her pussy up my pole and back down.
	"You've got a pretty tall order," Mother panted.  "With both your mother
and your aunt wanting your big cock."
	"I think I can handle it," I laughed as mother started to slide up and
down a little faster now.
	"Oh I know you can you big fucking stud," Mother said as she put her hands
on my chest and started unbuttoning my shirt.
	"He's twice the man my husband is," my aunt said.
	"He's twice the man his father was too," mother said as she leaned over
and let her tit fall into my mouth.
	I wrapped my arms around my mother and sucked her tit hard so that I could
drink all that wonderful milk.  The whole time mother raised and lowered
her ass slowly so that her pussy kept fucking my big cock.
	"Jesus Christ baby," mother panted.  "you're going to make mommy cum!"
	"Make your mother cum," my aunt said excitedly.  "Make my sister cum
hard!"
	Mother sat up straight on my cock and arched her back so that her big
pregnant tummy stood out and clutched my shirt in tight fists as she
started to cum.
	"OH FUCK!!" she cried out.  "OH FUCK BABY!  OH FUCK YOUR MOMMY!!"
	I put my hands up on mother's tummy to feel my baby inside her as she
came.
	"I can't wait to have your baby," mother panted.  "OH FUCK YES!"
	"I want to have your baby too," my aunt said as she started to take off
her skirt.
	"What about your husband," my mother said as she sat still on my and
finished her orgasm.
	"Fuck him!" she answered as she pulled her skirt off with her panties and
let me see her pretty brown pussy for the first time.
	"I want to have a real cock inside me," she said.   "I want to have a real
man's baby."
	Mother pulled herself up off of me so that my cock flopped wetly on my
stomach and then crawled away to lay on her back.
	"You fuck my sister good," mother said.  "Give her a baby like mine."
	"Oh shit," my aunt said as she tore off her shirt and uncovered a nice set
of firm tits.  "This is going to feel so good!"
	Within moments my aunt was standing naked in front of me rubbing her
aching pussy and waiting.
	"Come on stud," she said.  "Fuck your aunt like your fucked your momma"
	I figured if she wanted to she could just climb on top of me but since she
didn't she must have wanted something else.  I stood up and she quickly
threw her arms around me and kissed me deeply.
	My hands quickly slid down my aunts back to her taut ass and I squeezed it
as I pressed my cock against her stomach.
	As we kissed someone knocked on the door.
	"Fuck!" my aunt huffed.
	"Don't worry," mother said.  "I'll look through the door and see who it
is.
	I continued to play with my aunt's taut ass as mother checked who was at
the door.
	"It's your husband," mother said quietly.
	"Quick!" my aunt said.  "Put your cock inside me before he stops us."
	I slid my hands under my aunts ass and lifted her into my arms.  Quickly
she threw her legs around my back and I could feel my cock touching her
dripping cunt.
	My aunt reached behind her to grab my cock and before I knew it she had
the fat part of my cock sliding up inside her.
	"OH JESUS!" she screamed.  "It's going in!!!"
	"Nancy?" I heard her husband call from outside.
	"Let him in!" my aunt said.  "I want him to see me like this!"
	Before I could do anything my mother opened the front door and I saw my
aunts husband staring at us with a wide open mouth.
	"Work that huge cock up my pussy!" My aunt squealed as she stared at her
husband.
	"YOU WHORE!" her husband shouted.
	"That's right Jake," my aunt said.  "Look at this mammoth fucking cock
inside me!"
	"Screw you!" he said.
	"Oh he will," my aunt said as she started to pull herself up and down my
long cock.  "He'll fuck my brains out!"
	For some reason Jake just stood there watching us as his wife started to
bounce on my cock faster and faster.
	"Want to see a real man make me cum???" my aunt panted heavily.
	Knowing she was very close I pulled my aunt down hard on my cock impaling
her and pushed her hips back and forth so that my big cock sloshed around
inside her pussy making it stretch out.
	"OH GOD!!!" she screamed.  "You're cock's so big!!  MAKE ME CUM!!!"
	I jerked my aunt all over my cock like a rag doll as she tried desperately
to hold on to me.
	"I'm CUMMING! I"M CUMMING!" my aunt screamed.
	I could feel her cum running down my balls in thick streams.  Her husband
continued to watch as if frozen.
	As her orgasm slowed down I slowly lowered her to her feet again and she
slid off my hard cock.
	My aunt grabbed my cock as she stood beside me and slowly stroked my
sticky pole while she stared at her husband.
	"See what a real man looks like?" she asked.
	"You're such a slut," Jake said.
	"I want to feel your hot cum inside me," my aunt said to me ignoring her
husband.
	Quickly my aunt got on her hands and knees in front of me and I dropped
down behind her.
	"you can come on in if you want to watch," mother told Jake.
	"Watch what?" Jake asked as I pulled my aunts dripping pussy apart and
prepared to shove my cock back inside her.  "Watch my wife fuck some other
guy?"
	"Yes," mother said.
	Slowly I started to slide my cock back inside my aunts hot pussy.
	"Watch a real man pump his cum inside your wife," my aunt said.  "Watch
us!"
	Surprisingly Jake came in and mother shut the door behind him.
	With long slow strokes I started to fuck my aunt in front of her husband.
	"Does it turn you on seeing your wife get fucked by another man?" mother
asked him.
	"No," Jake said as I started to pick up my pace.
	"No?" mother asked.  "Want me to suck your cock while you watch?"
	As I started to slam my cock up my aunt's pussy my mother got on her knees
in front of Jake and started unbuttoning his pants.
	"FUCK ME!" my aunt screamed.  "Make me cum again!!!"
	I looked over to see that my mother had Jake's cock in her mouth now.  It
was not large but at least average.  Mother sucked Jake as he stared
intently at my own cock pounding his wife's cunt.
	"I'M CUMMING!" my aunt screamed as she watched my mother suck her husbands
cock.  "OH YES!!!"
	"Oh god," I started moaning as I felt the cum in my balls getting ready to
explode.
	"Cum in me!" my aunt screamed.  "CUM IN MY PUSSY!!!"
	I grabbed my aunt's hips and rammed my cock deep inside her as my cum
erupted inside her.
	"OH I FEEL YOUR CUM INSIDE ME!!!" my aunt squealed.  "It's so hot!"
	Quickly I pulled my cock out and purposefully shot a load up my aunts
back.
	Jake leaned over my mother so he could see better where my cum landed.
	"Oh God!" My aunt panted. "Cum all over my ass!"
	I jerked myself off as hard as I could making little globs of cum gather
on my aunt's tight cheeks.
	"OH YA!" Jake growled and it was obvious he was cumming in my mother's
mouth.  "FUCK YA!"
	I sat down on the carpet and watched my mother drain Jake of his load as
my aunt rubbed my cum all over her ass.
	"I love you honey," my aunt said to her husband suddenly.  "Thanks for
watching."
	My mother pulled away from Jake and my aunt got up and walked into his
open arms.
	"You were beautiful baby," Jake said as he held her hand and pulled her
down to kiss him.
	"You like watching me fuck other men?" she asked softly.
	"Yes baby," Jake said.
	"Come on," my aunt said holding out her hand to her husband.  "Let's leave
these two lovebirds alone and go find another man to fuck me."
	"GOD YES!" Jake said.  And just like that the two of them got dressed and
left.
	My mother was just staring at me from across the room.
	"I can't tell you how jealous that made me to see you suck Jake's cock," I
said.
	"I'm sorry," mother said as she slowly crawled over to me.  "I'll never do
that again."
	Gently my mother bent over and kissed the tip of my throbbing cock.
	"Oh mother," I said as she kissed my cock again a little more wetly.
	"I just want to make you happy," she said.
	Softly mother lifted my heavy cock and wrapped her lips around it.
	I laid back and moaned low toned as mother started to gently suck my cock.
	"I have something to tell you," I said as she continued sucking my cock up
and down as she rubbed my aching balls.
	"What baby," she said between licks.
	"I'm not going back to the Marines," I said.
	"What?" Mother asked as she stopped sucking my cock and held it in her hot
fist.
	"I can't stand to be away from you any longer," I said.  "Besides, I want
to see my baby born."
	"But they'll give you…"
	"I know," I said. "A dishonorable discharge.  But what's more honorable? 
Being in the marines or being with my family?"
	"OH BABY!" Mother said as she looked at me deeply.  "I LOVE YOU!"
	"I LOVE you too.." I grunted as my mother shoved my cock down her throat
and started sucking my cock aggressively.
	"I want the whole world to know your mine!" I groaned.
	"They will baby," mother said.  "They will"

	As my mother lay on her bed with her knees spread I quietly ate her pussy.
	"Pastor Jack?" She said into the phone.  "I need to ask you a huge favor."
	I didn't know what my mother was doing but she wiggled all over the bed as
I licked her sweet clit.
	"As you know, I'm having a baby soon," she said.  "Yes, in about a month. 
But the problem is, my son is the father of the baby."
	I smiled as I ate my mother's hot pussy.  I couldn't believe what she was
doing.
	"That's right, my son," she said flatly.  "We love each other very much."
	I softly rubbed my mother's stomach as I licked her clit which made her
start breathing even heavier.
	"That's right," mother said.  "I want you to give us a proper wedding and
I want to invite about three or four hundred people."
	I sat up to listen now.
	"That's right," mother said.  "And I want your full blessing as well as
everyone gets to watch us consummate the marriage.  That's right.  Everyone
gets to watch us fuck."
	Before I could even fathom what she had asked they were off the phone.
	"What was that???" I asked.
	"You said you wanted everyone to know about us," she said.
	"Ya but," I protested.
	"Shut up and fuck your mother," she said next.

The Wedding

	The wedding was huge, about 400 people like mother said there would be.
	Mother was wearing absolutely nothing under her dress and now that she had
had the baby she was looking very hot.  I didn't even know most of the
people in the crowd which was just fine with me since I was supposed to
have sex with my mother infront of all these people.
	"But first," Pastor Jack said.  "The bridesmaid would like to entertain
us."
	My aunt was the bridesmaid and she got up in front of the church and
grabbed the microphone.
	"My husband doesn't know this yet," she said.  "But five of the grooms men
have offered to fuck me at the same time.  Watch me cum honey."
	The crowd was a buzz as my aunt slowly unbuttoned her dress and pulled off
her clothes in front of 400 people.
	Five men who I didn't even know got up and joined her as they started
taking off their clothes.
	Before the even one of them was completely undressed my aunt was on her
knees and sucking one of their cocks.
	In no time at all, every man was naked and fondling my aunt's body.  One
man got on his knees behind her and lifted her ass so that he could fuck
her.  Another man stood beside the one she sucked off so that she could
jerk him off.  Another man got on his knees and rubbed her tits and another
got in line for sucking.
	The man behind my aunt rammed his cock up her pussy so hard it made her
scream out in pain and everyone in the room gasped with her as if they
understood.
	"God I love cock!" my aunt said loudly as she started sucking a different
guy and jerked two others off with her fists.
	In practically no time the guy fucking my aunt yelled and pulled out his
large cock.  Everyone leaned forward it seemed to watch his cum shoot up
her back.
	"Ya!" Someone shouted in the audience.  "Go for it!"
	Suddenly the guy she was sucking bellowed and my aunt took her mouth off
him so that she could jerk his cum all over her face.
	"Come on fuck me!" my aunt yelled at one of them men.  "Cum all over me!"
	A big man laid down on his back and my aunt quickly climbed up on top of
him and took his cock inside her in one fluid motion.
	Putting her hands on the mans chest for support my aunt started bouncing
up and down on his big cock with loud slaps of her ass on his legs.
	"Come on," she growled. "Make me cum.  Make me cum fucker!"
	"Do it," Someone shouted.  "Make her cum!"
	"OH YA!" my aunt yelled.  "Here I cum! I'M CUMMING!!!"
	A cheer went up throughout the room as my aunt bounced and squealed in
orgasm.
	"I'm gonna cum!" the guy under her bellowed at last.
	Getting up quickly off his cock my aunt grabbed it and pointed it between
her legs so everyone could see when it erupted and squirted all over her
pussy.
	"Ya," she moaned pleasurably as she rubbed the man's cum all over her
pussy and stomach.
	Rolling over on her back my aunt spread her legs and one of the last two
men got on top of her.
	"Shove that cock up my pussy!" she yelled as the other man got on his
knees and pushed his cock into her mouth.
	Like a champion the big stud fucked my aunt making her scream out in
pleasure.
	"I LOVE YOUR BIG COCK!! GOD MAKE ME CUM!!!!"
	Everyone watched as the man she sucked pulled his tool out of her mouth
and shot cum all over her perky tits.
	"Cum all over me!" she yelled. "YA!"
	Finally it was just my aunt and one man pounding away at her like a
stallion.
	"You like making me cum?" she squealed. "HUH?"
	"Ya," the man growled.
	The audience started chanting, "Go! Go! Go!"
	"You've made me cum three times you big fucking stud!" She told the man.
	"OH GOD!" The man yelled.
	"CUM INSIDE ME!" my aunt yelled.
	"AW YA!!!" The man bellowed as he shot his load inside her.
	"Fill my pussy with your hot cum stud!" my aunt panted.
	"Ya, ya!" the man growled as she stroked more and more into her.
	Finally the man pulled out and a thick white ooze dribbled onto my aunts
pussy.
	The place erupted in applause and the men all bowed and picked up their
clothes.
	After gathering her clothes up my aunt grabbed the microphone again.
	"Thank you," she said.  "And if any of you men out there in the audience
want to fuck me I'd be very willing to meet you in the reception area. I'd
love to make you cum."
	Immediately about 10 guys got up and started making their way to the door.

Mother and I

	Suddenly the lights dimmed and there was only a spotlight at the front.
	"And now ladies and gentlemen," the pastor said.  "The moment we have all
been waiting for.  The wedding consummation."
	A round of raucous applause went up and my mother took my hand and led me
to the spot light.  I was nervous as hell but luckily the light made it
impossible to see the rest of the crowd.
	Mother kissed me on the lips and the crowd cheered again as her tongue
flicked into my mouth and played with my tongue.
	As we kissed mother started unbuttoning her dress and the crowd got
deathly silent.
	When the dress came off and fell to the floor the men in the audience
gasped.  My mother was stunning in the white light of the spotlight.  Her
massive breasts were highlighted by the light around her.
	"Beautiful," I heard someone say softly.
	"From this day forward," my mother said softly.  "This body is yours and
no one else's."
	I didn't know what to say or do as I looked her deeply in the eyes. 
	"I love you," I said as I reached up and held her breasts in my hands.
	"I love you too," she said as I bent down and suckled her left nipple into
my mouth.
	"Do it boy," someone said. "Take care of your mother."
	Slowly I started to take off my shirt as I sucked my mother's tits for all
to see.
	As I took off my pants and pulled down my underwear I heard several
comments all at once.
	"Nice piece kid!" some guy said.
	"God I wish my husband was built like that,"
	"Fuck her boy!"
	Mother dropped to her knees instantly and took my big cock in her mouth.
	"That's it," Someone said.  "Suck your son's cock."
	I stood there enjoying how my mother sucked me off in front of all these
people but I knew they came here to see something more.
	I pulled my mother up from the floor and carefully turned her around. 
Picking her left leg up I directed her to put her foot up on a stool that
made her spread her legs and show her pussy to the crowd.
	I stroked my cock a few times in preparation and slowly guided it into my
mother's cunt.
	"UHHH!" Mother gasped out loud as I slid into her from behind.
	"That's it! FUCK HER!" Someone shouted.
	I quickly shoved my cock all the way inside my mother making her cry out.
	With long deliberate strokes I started sliding my cock in and out of my
mother's cunt.
	"Make her cum!" I heard someone say.
	I started to pick up the pace sliding in and out faster and faster.
	Mother grabbed on to a chair for support as I slapped against her tight
ass.
	"OH GOD," Mother gasped out loud.  "I'm gonna cum!
	Carefully I drilled my mother's pussy as she squirmed around on my big
cock to the pleasure of the audience.
	

After the wedding (reception)
	My aunt was easy to find.  She was the one surrounded by about 20 men in
the corner.
	I managed to steal a quick glance to see my aunt sitting on a guys lap,
his huge cock up her pussy and another man with his cock in her mouth.
	
	








--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....