||                        Best One-On-One Stories                        ||
||                          "In The Steam Room"                          ||
()=======================================================================()

     This was at a training class my company sent me out to last month.
After class, everybody adjourned off to the gym for some R&R.  After
downing my juice, I walked into the hot tub room at the far end of the pool
area.  It was about 20'x 20' square.  The water was churning (and so was my
cock).  There were about 15 guys in the water, BSing and trying to relax.
Every-so-often a head would pop up from the water.  (You *know* what he was
doing down there!!!)  There were some fairly young studs, a few older"Sugar
daddies" and 3 of the guys from my class in the hot tub.
     I hopped in, sat at the side of the tub and tried to spark some
conversation. That hot water really felt good, though I don't usually head
for the tub unless I work out first.  In between the swells of water, I
could make out the outlines of some very impressive baskets.  I introduced
myself to them all, and asked what goes on outside for nightlife.  No-one
knew the answer because they claimed they never ventured far from the
hotel.  After a few more minutes, the old, fat guy and 5 others excused
themselves and left for the day.  I just sat back and watched them parade
out of the tub.
     Nothing was stirring,  Yet.
    This one guy, named Mitch, stood up and approached me.  He asked a lot
of preliminary questions (Where you from, how do you like the city, do you
have any plans for the evening).  I thought to myself "This is an
interesting line, coming from this guy".  So, Mitch suggested that he show
me where the steam room and weight room where before calling it a night. 
He stated that he was impressed by my musculature and devotion to exercise. 
Mitch is 33 y/o, about 5'10 and husky.  He has blond hair and beard.  So, I
said "Sure, might as well" and off we went...
     There was no-one in the steam room when we went in.  We could hardly
see each other.  I placed my towel down on the bench and sat down.  The
sweat was pouring off my body in a very short time.  Mitch strolled back
and forth, telling me about himself, how he felt about the week's training,
etc..  Every-so-often, He would stare at me through the steam.  There was a
sparkle in his eyes...he was sooo appealing.  He asked me about my career
as a BB and remarked that he'd like to touch my muscles.  SO I let him.  He
was an ANIMAL!
     First he started to feel up my pecs, and then he squeezed my arms.  I
was feeling REAL horny about now!  He motioned his hands down my abdomen,
and before I could say something, he had his hand on my crotch!  My boner
shot up instantly!  Mitch gets down on his knees while I pull down my
trunks, and eagerly starts sucking my cock.  He was Real good, a perfect
gentleman.  As his head bobbed up and down, my moans started to carry.  But
I couldn't help myself.  (Getting balled in a steam room is quite an
experience!!)  Just then, the maintenance man walks in, looks around and
says aloud, "Are you ok, fella?"  I had just let out a loud groan as I shot
my load down Mitch's throat.  The guy walks over and sees Mitch blowing me,
turns around to walk out and mumbles, "Some guys have all the luck..."
     After that great blow-job at the gym, I made it a point to work out
every evening of my stay.  They really knew how to stock a weight room. 
They have several Nautilus machines, Life-cycles, around 8,000# of free
weights, slant boards, a real roman chair...  Anyway, I didn't feel
comfortable after my cocksucker left, so I hung around for another hour and
decided to have a good workout.
     As I entered the gym, a gorgeous chick welcomed me into the facility.
There were 4 other guys working out as I settled down.  Nothing to brag
about, just your average, overweight pencil pushers.  I warmed up at first
by doing some crunches, and had the urge to rip off my sweatshirt and show
off, but I restrained myself and decided to do my own thing.  Half an hour
passes, one guy leaves and 2 more come in.  One of them was a knockout!  As
I later found out, his name is Richie and he is an aspiring BB.  He is
employed by my company, fresh out of Rennselear Poly-Technic in Albany,
where he was student specializing in aerodynamics.
     Anyway, he heads for the locker room, his ripped gluts swaying gently,
my eyes glued to his bod....He noticed my stares and acknowledges them with
a subtle wink.  While I waited for him to emerge, I'd lost my concentration
and began to fumble in my routine...(I was performing 'Advanced Arm Cycles,
using a standard Curling bar and Half-reps).  Just then, Richie enters the
room.  I saw him out of the corner of my eye, and dropped the damn
bar..."Shit!" I let out.  Richie walks over and inquirers about my
difficulties.  I told him what I was trying to accomplish, describing my
routines, and we started to compare notes (so to speak).  He removes his
sweat-shirt to reveal an almost perfectly proportioned body.  DAMN, he is
HOT! (and he has brains, too!) This little exchange continued for about
another hour.  I was almost too embarrassed to remove my garments, but
realized that sooner or later my bubble would be burst by someone younger
and better built.
     After Richie studied my physical aspects, he recommended some diet
modifications, and asked me out to dinner!  Well, we ended up back at his
room and quickly jumped into bed and got it on.
     As the custodian said, some guys have all the luck!

