Copyright © 1997, Angel Starr,  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.

filename="STING.txt"






 
The Sting
By Angel Starr



 I've  been  a  runaway for two years, sleeping  around  here  and 
there.  I'm thirteen now.  I live in San Francisco and hang around 
the Tenderloin.  I like it there cause were a family. We take care 
of each other.  I like the drag queens cause they really know  how 
to do it up.  They help me with make up, hair and how to look both 
sexy  and "school girlish".  The old guys don't want some  kid  to 
look too sexy!
     One night I had a fight with my roomie named  Trixie.  Trixie 
is about fifteen and a pre-op T.S. She has the boobs but still has 
her  dick.  It's groovy having her fuck me while I pinch the  shit 
out  of her tits!  I love Trixie but sometimes she can be a  pain, 
especially after coming down from Speed.  I try and book out for a 
day  or  two when she's coming down cause she  climbs  the  walls. 
Worst  thing is she tries to fuck me even though she can't get  it 
up.  It's frustrating to have your "girlfriend" trying to ram  you 
and trying not to barth on you at the same time!     
      We had a big fight tonight.  I told her she fucked up a deal 
with this rich guy who wanted us both.  I said that I was tired of 
her choosing the needle more and more instead of the  johns.  Well 
to make a long story short I grabbed my purse and split.  I  didn't 
know where I was gonna go but anyplace was better then there!
     "Oh shit! I left my cigarettes at the apartment!" I huffed as 
I  walked down the street.  Not to worry Malcom at the  drug  store 
owes  me a couple packs for a blow job I gave him.  Just as I  was 
about  to head into the store I heard a car horn honk.  I  thought 
"Oh  good,  some business I haven't had a bite to eat in a day  or 
so." As I walked up to the car I knew right then and there my  ass 
was grass. It was vice.     
      "Hay  Angel.  What's shaken?" The thick voice  of  detective 
Jake Davis called. I knew Jake for awhile and for the most part he 
was a pig. He was always trying to "save" us kids from the street. 
     "Shit  Davis  beat it man I'm just getting  some  smokes!"  I 
shouted from the corner.  I thought that would do it but not  with 
Davis.  Not only was he trying to save us kids he was also  trying 
to fuck us kids! Go figure!
     "Oh  your  gonna play it like that tonight Angel?"  He  asked 
coming  from his car.  I knew I was in for it cause he would  pull 
that "You gotta condom so your whoring" bit(story pause;  In  S.F. 
now  especially the Tenderloin the hookers get busted  for  having 
condomes..now back to the story!)
     "Look Davis,  I just had a big fight with Trixie.  She's  all 
fucked up and I need a break." I was hoping he would be cool about 
things  after I told him about Trixie but nope.  He went on to  be 
super cop as usual.
     "I think you need to come down town for awhile. You've been a 
bad  girl tonight Angel.  Three condoms in your  purse!  Gee,  you 
gonna have a party or something?" He chuckled and I wanted to  say 
something snide. I didn't though. I should've know the night would 
be different when Davis didn't hand cuff me.
     He  placed me in the back of his car and we started to  roll. 
At  first I was gonna ask him why he didn't cuff me but  felt  the 
freedom was much more enjoyable.  I ragged him now and then  about 
catching real crooks instead of bugging a sweet,  innocent  little 
girl like me.  He almost lost control of the car with that one! As 
I jawed I noticed we weren't going to the station. I knew then that 
it was gonna be one of those nights.   
     I  had been hearing on the sly from a few of  my  girlfriends 
that  Davis  was the kinda cop who liked to sample  the  wares.  I 
wasn't  too sure about that,  being thirteen can make you  stupid 
sometimes. But  guess it was true. I was gonna find out soon.
     We  stopped  at this motel and he told me to  keep  my  mouth 
shut "Only for a little while though.  Ha!  Ha! Ha!" while he went 
in and got a room.  I tried to split but the car was one of  those 
with the handle on the outside not inside.  Angel was in a bit  of 
trouble!
     When we got in the room there was another man there. I didn't 
know him but soon was going too.  Davis smiled to him and then  at 
me.  He  grabbed  me by the arm and brought me close  to  him.  He 
started  kissing  me deeply and sticking his tongue in  my  mouth. 
Uhh! He was not the tastiest guy! He was trying to take my top off 
but his hands couldn't work as he was kissing me.    
       "Ohhh Angel your one of the hottest whores on my beat!  I've 
been wanting to get you for awhile and teach you a lesson. " Oh so 
he's gonna play that game!  Most fuzz do with whores.  They  think 
their brains are in their head when they're mostly in their pants! 
I starting thinking fast.     
      I said to myself "Well girl you can either resist,  get  the 
shit kicked out of you or let them fuck you.  It'll probably  last 
maybe  ten minutes knowing these closet queens!  Then  again  they 
might  be the biggest studs on the force!   I might as well  enjoy 
some beef stick on the side.  A girls gotta make a living but  she 
can  window  shop  too can't she?"  As I  was  thinking  all  this 
through both Davis and the other guy were getting undressed. I was 
handcuffed to the table.  I don't mind a bit of kink but at  least 
they could've let me pee first!       
     When the two guys were done undressing,  my mouth opened wide 
and  I  could hear myself say "Oooh!"  my mind was  totally  taken 
away by their dicks.  Both men,  I swear had ten inches!  Ten big, 
lovely,  inches  of meat!  
     "Hay  Darby  she  seems to like what she  sees."  Davis  said 
pulling on his dick.  Darby! Oh shit I forgot ole' Darby! That was 
Davis' partner a bigger scumbag then Davis. 
     Now I knew this whole scene was fucking bogus. Cops should be 
shot  for  fucking  little girls like me.  I  just  couldn't  stop 
admiring those big dicks of theirs.  They were mean,  angry  ones 
with large veins and lovely heads. 
       I  hated  the  whole setup but  found  myself  compelled  to 
continue this little scene.  If not for any other reason then  the 
fact that there's one thing I LOVE then dick!  I resigned  myself 
to my fate and marched forward,  so to speak. Davis was giving all 
these rules and stuff which was stupid cause I wanted to suck  him 
and his friend off anyway. Oh well let him do his thing.
     "Now Angel your gonna be our little sex slave for the  night. 
Your  gonna do everything we ask or it's reform school  for  you." 
Big  deal I thought.  That's just four to eight of  eating  pussy! 
"If   you tell anyone you'll find your ass in bigger  trouble."  I 
saw  Davis' dick go up a bit more.  Oh so he's one of those  kinda 
guys!
     After  he unhooked the cuffs,  and I took a piss  which  they 
both watched.   I went to work. They took my top off as well as my 
skirt  but Davis left my panties and bra on.  I was  growing  very 
well and was proud of my tits. We three were on the bed. Davis was 
caressing my face and pinching my tits through my bra as I  worked 
him over with my mouth.  It was a nice cock.  I liked to tease his 
veins  with my tongue and nibble on the head.  He liked it  a  lot 
from the moans he laid out.
     His  partner Darby was working my pussy and ass over  through 
my panties.  I found it hard to concentrate on Davis' dick with my 
pussy screaming.  I tried though!  I felt Darby's tongue work over 
my  clit  through  my panties and this got  my  hips  rocking  and 
rolling.  Then all of a sudden Darby was up to my face along  side 
Davis.  I  got  the message.  I took both dicks in  my  hands  and 
started working them over one at a time.  One time both men  tried 
to  stuff them in my mouth together but that didn't work  out  too 
good. Oh well give them one point for trying!
     I  could  tell that they wanted to last a bit but  being  the 
pigs  they were they couldn't.  Don't get me wrong I loved  having 
both  men lavish their ten inches on me but remember,  to me  this 
was  a freebie.  Or at least it was either "Do it or go to  reform 
school!" I wanted to give them what they wanted but not my  whole 
life, at least that night!
     I wasn't going to have to wait too long as Davis told me  his 
favorite  thrill.  "Oooh  Angel your gonna get my big  treat."  He 
moaned  as I worked over his balls with my mouth and  skimmed  his 
dick with my hands.  His friend was back at my pussy and  ass.  He 
was really working my asshole over which gave me the signal  that 
one  of  these  guys was gonna butt fuck me.  Now I  love  a  good 
reaming but ten inches worth!  I don't think so!  But what was  I, 
poor little Angel to do about it? Not to much.
     "Oooh I'm gonna give it to you sharp and fast girl.  Right up 
your  little ass.  But I'm gonna leave a little treat.  I'm  gonna 
fuck  you  through your panties girl." Davis  was  really  working 
himself up into a frenzy.  If he didn't shut up he'd shoot  before 
his "Big Treat"
     I  could  feel Darby pushing my body about like I was  a  rag 
doll.  I got the message that he wanted me on my hands and  knees. 
Being  small  it  wasn't hard to have both  men  on  me.  One  in 
front(Darby  dick,  or is that dorky Darby dick?) and  Davis  dick 
behind. I felt for a moment, something sharp against my pussy and 
was nervous at his skill with scissors. "Hay man don't fuck up the 
merchandise.'  I  called back which got my ass a very  hard  slap. 
     It  was then that I felt Darby knocking at my front  door.  I 
thought "Oh well girl I guess you should do your best." I  started 
kissing  the head and sticking my tongue around the eye.  I  could 
taste  a  drip or two of pre cum which was  oooh  so  heavenly!  I 
started  finding myself really grooving to the beat of  this  very 
freaky fuck.
     "Oooh big dick Davis is gonna corn hole little ole' Angel." I 
moaned  between  sucks.  I  could feel  his  hands  so  delicately 
touching my pantied bottom.  Like he was worshipping it.  I got the 
sense that he himself wanted to wear my panties. Oh well, whatever 
pulls your chain!     
     "Oooh Angel darling your one fine girl.  So soft and warm and 
your  ass is so tight." He whispered as he stuck his  finger  into 
me. I couldn't help but moan deeply. He fingered me a few times as 
I  moved my ass around.  Apart of me was afraid of this  fuck  but 
another  really wanted all ten inches inside of me.  I  was  gonna 
find out soon which side would win!
     I  felt  Darby's  dick moving forward  and  back  against  my 
throat.  It was a bit bigger then Davis but that didn't matter.  I 
started fondling his balls which made him move even  faster.  He 
was gonna blow before his partner even started! 
     I  was so hung on to the warm,  salty taste of  Darby's  dick 
that I didn't feel at first, the poking of Davis behind me. I knew 
it was going to come soon and I got myself as prepared for it  as 
possible. He put his hand firmly on my ass and then "WHAM!" I felt 
all ten inches enter my ass.
     To say I screamed is an understatement!  I almost bit down on 
Darby's dick but remembered it was in my mouth. I felt the pain for 
only a moment as he pulled it out once again but then felt it ease 
as  he pushed it deep inside me.  I wanted to tell him to take  it 
out  but I knew that would just make things worse.  As I eased  my 
muscle  a  bit I felt the tension loosing and  a  warm,  enjoyable 
feeling started coming over me.
     I've been fucking and sucking since age eleven.  In fact,  my 
first  guy did it up my ass.  He was a dear,  but  that's  another 
story  No matter how many guys I've taken this one was the  biggest 
though.  His veins tickled my walls and I couldn't help but giggle 
inside.  I then felt his balls slap against my pussy and clit.  If 
that didn't happen I don't know where I would be!
     "Oooh  Jake I don't think I can hold on much  longer."  Darby 
moaned.  Despite the pain of the ass fuck I was really working him 
over. I wanted to get him off so I could constipate on the dick up 
my ass.  I felt him move deeper and deeper in my mouth.  I  pulled 
tightly on his balls knowing that would get him off sooner. I felt 
Darby's dick growing bigger and bigger as he slammed my face  into 
his  waste  and  then I could taste all this  rich  creamy  juice 
spilling out of his love stick.  Oooh God my reader,  you have  no 
idea how much this little Angel loves to drink down the nectar of 
manhood! Forget health drinks! Man juice is the best!
     "Ahhhhh  oooh your sooooo good." I could hear the  other  cop 
moan and groan.  He was fucking my face deeper and trying to stuff 
his prod down my throat. Fortunately I knew how to take it deep like 
that.  I  tasted  the last drops of his cum.  I breath a  sign  of 
relief, now I could consitrate on Davis!
     "Oooh  go  to it big man.  Us my ass go to it  man.  Us  this 
little girl for your pleasure." I breathed. I knew that would reve 
his engine. I felt his prick jam deeper into me. All of a sudden I 
heard "CLICK!  CLICK!" and the flash of lights. Darby the dick man 
was  taking Polaroid's of his partner doing this thirteen year  old 
girl.  I thought "Well this proves it. Cops are dumber then shit!" 
     I could feel Davis going deeper and deeper into me. I haven't 
felt  a man this deep in years!  It  was kinda good.  I loved  the 
feeling of his balls slapping against my vagina.  It was then that 
I  heard the big Vice man moaning and groaning.      
      "Oooh Angel I'm gonna, I'm gonna all up your ass girl...oooh 
yes!"  Davis yelled and filled me full of his cum!  All that  love 
juice up my hole!  I shook and moved hard against him and felt  my 
own cum fill my body. I felt so alive, so electric, so well...just 
so wonderful!  I could hear through my orgasmic haze the  clicking 
the  camera.  I  do hope they come out.  Maybe they'll give  me  a 
couple for my scrapbook. 
       After  a  few moments Davis pulled himself out  of  me  and 
collapsed  upon  the bed with me on top of him.  I could  feel  his 
juice running out of my hole and giggle at how it tickled.
     "Oooh  I've been wanting to do that for the past  two  months 
but  didn't  know how to go about it.  When the captain  told  me 
about the new law I knew you were mine.  You always carry condomes 
girl.  Hurry for our side." I repeat it myself which caused him to 
look at me funny.
     "Why'd you say that girl?" 
     "I  saw your partner taking snaps why?" I asked as I  sat  up 
trying to let the rest of his spunk out. I may have loved it but I 
don't need his scuzz in me!
     "Oh  I like to have mementos of my conquests.  You know  you 
girls  are really only here for men to use.  Why not use  you  and 
have  a little reminder of the pleasure as well as your  place  in 
life?  He chuckled and brought me  close  to 
him.  He  began kissing me but I pushed him back which pissed  him 
off.
     "Kinda like holiday snaps." I said.  Puzzled by what I  said 
he just grinned and brought me forward again.  Again I pushed  him 
away.
     "What's this? You forget our deal?" He demanded.
     "We never had a deal you filthy pig!" I shouted.  Getting up 
or  at least trying too,  (I was going to go to the  bathroom  and 
piss again),   he grabbed me     
     "Oh yes we did you whore!  It was that you stay and we  don't 
bust you. Got it!" He barked. To emphasize this he slapped me. Now 
I  don't  mind a spanking now and then.  Some old fart  liking  to 
spank little girls while he's dressed in my panties or vice  versa 
that's okay.  It's  part of the game.  But when the fuzz fuck with 
me that's different!
     "We  an't  got no deal." I shouted back and pushed  him  down 
with the heal of my foot.  Looking him straight in the eye I smile 
and said "In fact you'll probably be making a deal with the  D.A." 
     He  looked  at me dumbfounded which wasn't a  new  look  for 
Davis. I smiled, got up and walked over to the window. The curtains 
were drawn but there was a little bit of view through  them.  With 
one swoop I opened them up to revel Trixie,  Jackie, a drag  Queen 
friend;  and  about a hundred cops!       
     "What  the fuck!" Davis screamed.  Before he could figure  it 
out the door was broken down and the cops all swooped in upon  him 
and Darby.
     Through the Malay I was telling dear,  "uncle" Davis that the 
whole  scene was videotaped.  It was going out on the local  cable 
access  program!  The whole city had seen him and his  dick  head 
partner  Darby fucking a kid!  Oooh revenge is so sweet!  So is  a 
good man's dick!
     As  they were hauling the two away and things calmed  down  I 
told Trixie that the room had been paid for(the speed thing was  a 
rouse).  We  spent the rest of the night having  fun!  But  that's 
another story! 

--------------23543087E78--


