                    MISTRESS OF THE HOUSE

                     by Mistress Henrika



     When my first husband died, he left me a rather large
amount of money, enough so that I was considered
independently wealthy.  At the same time, I had to get a new
household staff.  Since I like pretty young men, I hired a
young man named Bill Kendall as my personal assistant.  Bill
was 24 years old, five feet eleven inches tall, and weighed
175, all muscle.  He had light brown hair, dark brown eyes
and a dark complexion.  From what showed through the crotch
of his pants, I hoped we would have some good times
together.  Did we ever!
     Bill was always respectful, almost submissive, at all
times.  Sometimes, when he didn't think I could see, he
would look at me with an interesting glow in his eyes.  I
began to wonder about him and to fantasize about having him.
     One evening, when we were alone in the house (the other
servants having quarters on the grounds), I told him to get
me a glass of white wine.  When he returned, he had a glass
of red wine which he promptly spilled on me!  I jumped out
of my chair, swatting at the stain and cursing.  He stood
there, head bowed, and made no protest at my language.
     Finally, I stopped and looked at him.  His head was
bowed and he held his hands behind his back, waiting for my
sentence on his actions.  He looked so attractive in that
pose that I became excited.
     "So," I said, "what do you think I ought to do about
this?"
     "Whatever punishment the Mistress wishes will be
satisfactory to Her servant," he murmured.  I swear I could
hear the capital letters.
     Without thinking, I acted.  I grabbed him by the hair,
lifted his head up and slapped his face as hard as I could.
"Why aren't you on your knees, slave?"
     He immediately knelt.  "The Mistress' slave is sorry,
Mistress.  He will endeavor to act in a correct manner in
the future."
     Well!  My hopes had come true!  Now I was going to take
advantage of it.
     "Sorry isn't good enough!  I want you stripped and in
my bedroom in one minute for your punishment.  Move your
ass, slave!"
     He scurried out of the room, never looking at me.
Obviously he had been well-trained.  I idly wondered who had
been my benefactrix?  I followed him up to my room, to find
him on his knees, naked in the middle of the room.  His
clothes were nowhere in sight.
     Crossing to a door that had not been opened since the
death of my husband, I said "Get in there, shithead!"
     Upon entering the room, he stopped, surprised, and
looked around.  Not wanting him to see too much at once, I
ordered him to close his eyes and kneel.  He obeyed,
trembling.  Crossing the room, I got a hood and put it on
his head.  Made of black leather, it had no holes for the
eyes.  It laced up the back and had snaps around the mouth
hole.  Being custom-made for my husband, it did not fit Bill
perfectly, but it was skin-tight on him after I had tied it
on.  I don't like for a slave to see what he's getting.
     Leaving him like that, I retrieved a small rectangle of
leather with a small rubber dildo protruding from it.
 Forcing this into his mouth, I snapped it to the mouth area
of the hood.  I next put a dog collar around his neck and
snapped a leash to it.  I then put a set of leather
restraints on his wrists and ankles, but left them free so
he could walk where I wanted him to.
     "Stand up!"  When he complied, I could see that his
large uncircumcised cock was standing at attention.  I
smiled, but kept it out of my voice when I said "You are
excited by this, eh?"
     Mumbling indistinctly around the pecker gag, he nodded.
     "Did I give you permission to get hard?"
     He shook his head.
     "That's another thing you need to be punished for,
then.  Stay on your knees and go where the leash leads."
     I jerked on the leash, pulling him off-balance, but he
recovered before he could fall.  I led him over to the post,
to which I restrained him.  His back was to the post and his
wrists connected to the eyelets behind him, as were his
ankles.  He was now standing in order to give me the best
access to his magnificent meat, as well as other things.
     "First, we'll punish you for the erection," I said,
grabbing a small whip.  This was designed specifically to
whip male sexual organs.  It resembled a miniature
cat-o'-nine-tails, only it had six tails.  I raised it and
brought it down hard on his excited prick.
     He tried to scream, but raised his crotch as if to meet
another blow.
     This was indeed going to be fun!  I gave him ten of my
best across his cock, which went soft but not flaccid.  When
I was finished, I grabbed a leather band which had small
staples protruding from it and wrapped it tightly at the
base of his cock and balls, the staples pointing in.  He
moaned again as the staples bit into the tender flesh of his
groin, but was otherwise silent.
     I then grabbed his left nipple with two fingernails and
pinched.  He groaned and expanded his chest, giving me
better access, so I did the same to the other.  When his
nipples were excited and hard, I let go, leaned forward, and
bit one.  He moaned again, his prick becoming hard.
     I put my arms around his back and chewed his tits for
several minutes.  I then put a pair of tit clamps on them.
He groaned and wriggled his torso to relieve the pressure,
which he was quite unable to escape.
     I got out the spanking strap and gave him a few swats
across the stomach and thighs, careful not to dislodge the
tit clamps.  By now his cock was raging hard, so I gave it a
few swats as well.  I wanted to leave bruises, but was
unsure how much he could take, so I left that for another
time.
     I unhooked him from the post and he went to his knees
immediately, his hands behind his back.  I led him over to
the whipping table and restrained him face down on it.  A
leather-covered two-by-four lifted his ass for the best
access, so I covered a butt plug with K-Y and shoved it in.
He tried to escape the intrusion, but really had no means of
getting away from it.  The plug went in and he lay there, 
trying to force it out with his internal muscles.
     "If that comes out," I said, "your punishment will be 
worse."  He nodded and tried to relax.
     I waited for a moment and then said "Now we'll punish 
you for the second worst of your offenses:  not only 
bringing the wrong wine, but spilling it on me in the 
bargain."  He turned his head slightly, and I could tell he 
was wondering what his worst offense was.  He'd find out 
soon enough!
     I got out the cat.  From a braided leather shaft 
depended thirteen thongs of rawhide that had been knotted at
their ends.  I let them dangle onto his back and softly 
pulled them around it, waiting for a response.
     When he lifted his hips as if in invitation, I let him 
have it.  I gave him twenty across the ass and thighs and 
upper back.  This time I left welts everywhere I hit.  It 
looked perfectly beautiful.  There is nothing like having a 
man at your mercy, especially when you have none!  He didn't
want any, either!  I had pulled his cock out so I could see 
it while whipping him and it never went down!  He stayed 
excited right through the entire whipping!
     I finally released him and led him to another table, to
which I restrained him on his back.  I then removed the 
pecker gag and let him breathe through his mouth for a short
while.
     "Mistress, Your slave requests permission to speak."
     "Granted."
     "Mistress, Your slave has never had anything up his ass
before."
     I smiled.  "Then you'd better enjoy it while you have 
it, shouldn't you?"
     "Yes, Mistress," he groaned.  I knew he didn't like it,
but worse was going to happen to him tonight, and besides, I
liked it.
     Finally deciding that he had had enough rest, I spread 
my legs and sat on his face.  He started licking my moist 
pussy.  I gave him a smack across the stomach, saying "Don't
lick without permission, fuck-head!"
     He subsided, only to buck in surprise when my piss 
started pouring into his mouth.  He drank it all and then I 
gave him permission to lick.  I allowed him to lick me 
through three climaxes before shifting and allowing him to 
lick out my asshole.  Finally, I got off of him.
     "Thank You, Mistress."
     "Don't thank me yet, slave.  You still have to be 
punished for your worst offense against me, and that's 
coming up now!"
     "May Your slave ask what that offense was, Mistress?"
     "No, you may not!"  During this conversation, I had 
been putting on the fucking strap.  This consisted of a wide
leather belt with a huge dildo sticking out the front.  For 
stability, there was a smaller strap which went between my 
legs and attached to the belt at the back.  To keep myself 
excited, I put a smaller dildo into the catch of the smaller
strap and inserted it into me.
     I took his legs, one at a time, and attached them to 
the wall above his head.  The bottom half of the table swung
away to reveal a table of half length.  I now had access to 
Bill's virgin ass and we both knew it.  I pulled the butt 
plug out in one swift motion.
     Bill gasped.  He knew what was coming next, for he 
moaned "No, oh, no, Mistress, don't!"
     "Shut up!" I snapped.  To be sure he followed this 
order, I shoved the butt plug into his mouth and told him to
hold it there.
     I felt up his asshole and found that it was still well 
lubricated, so I got into position and shoved the dildo 
right up his ass.  He bit down on the butt plug and tensed 
his ass.
     "Relax and take it, slave," I ordered.  "This is going 
to happen and staying tense like that will only damage you.
You'll enjoy it before I'm done."
     He tried, I'll give him that.  Eventually, he did relax
and I started pumping in and out of his ass, finally 
bringing him to an anal orgasm.  I took the butt plug out of
his mouth, noting teeth marks where he had bitten it.
     "How do you feel now, slave?"
     He smiled slightly and said "Your slave feels quite 
good, Mistress.  He never knew he could enjoy something like
that.  Thank You for teaching him the experience."
     "You're welcome, slave."
     I released myself from the fuck belt, leaving the dildo
in his ass.  I then unhooked his arms and legs from the 
eyelets to which they were attached and told him to stand up
and keep the dildo in his ass.
     "Since you obeyed me so well," I said, "I give you 
permission to get hard and cum.  This time."
     His cock sprang to attention and his hands went to it.
I quickly grabbed them and secured them behind his back.
     "I will jack you off," I said.  And I did.
     It didn't take very long, for he was extremely turned 
on by what had happened to him tonight.  As he came, I 
caught as much of his semen as I could in my hand, milking 
his cock with the other hand until he went flaccid.
     I then told him to open his mouth and poured the cum I 
had collected into it.  He attempted to spit it out, but I 
held my hand to his mouth.
     "Swallow it!" I commanded.
     It took a while, but he finally did.  I then wiped my 
hands off on his stomach, smiling as he winced.
     I removed the dildo from his ass and made him clean it 
with his mouth.
     "In the future, you will keep your ass thoroughly 
cleaned out."
     "Yes, Mistress."
     I removed the tit clamps.  He gasped in pain and rubbed
his nipples until the pain subsided.  They were red and 
erect, absolutely gorgeous!  I then removed the hood, 
ignoring the tear-stains on his face, and told him he could 
leave.
     "But first," I said, "your worst offense was that of 
not telling me that you like this kind of treatment.  In the
future, make sure that you tell your Mistresses about it 
immediately."
     He smiled.  "Yes, Mistress.  Your slave will remember."
     At my nod, he left.  After a short time, I went into my
bedroom and locked the door to the playroom.  I showered and
got ready for bed.
     When I got into bed, I discovered a single red rose on 
my pillow.  Evidently Bill had pulled the trick with the 
wine on purpose in order to get what he wanted.
     I smiled.  He had found out that I got what I wanted, 
too.  And he would continue to find that out for a long, 
long time.



Copyright 1987 by Leo ****(90)****
Used with permission of the author.
All rights reserved.

