                            STRANDED
                    DIARY OF A LOVING FATHER
PART 1 of 3 PARTS
I decided to start this diary in the event that a landing party
arrives and we have met our demises before they arrive.  I wish
for them to have some sort of record of our lives on this island.
Naturally, I pray that we can survive long enough to see our
rescue.  There is no reason we can't survive, unless we become
sick and cannot treat ourselves.

My name is John Hanson.  I am 33 years old.  I am from Boston,
and had lived there all of my life.  I was married at age 19 to a
lovely woman named Amanda Flowers, who was 16 at the time.  She
became pregnant 2 years later for our beautiful daughter, Betsy
Sue.  After I graduated from college, I got into engineering, and
made a comfortable living for my family for 10 years.  This diary
will begin just prior to the accident and continue as long as I
am able to write.

Amanda and I decided to take Betsy on a cruise.  We had never
been on a cruise ourselves, so it was a special treat for all of
us.  We decided to take a ship to Jamaica.  We were really
excited about it.  We planned for months.  Then, the time came
and we boarded the huge ship, just the three of us.   There were
many other people going on the cruise, and it looked like the
'Love Boat' when we set sail.

The first night was wonderful, Amanda and I watched the stars
from the deck until 2:00am, when we went to our cabin and made
love until almost 5:00am.  She was so turned on that I thought
she'd never stop making me hard and attacking my cock.  It was
just like right after I had taken her virginity when she was 15.
Each time I would fill her pussy with my thick semen, she would
go down and lick and suck me until I was raging hard again, then
she'd mount me once more until another explosion softened me.  I
cannot count the number of times I came that night.  I only know
that my cock was sore the next morning.

The next day on board was very calm.  We were both trying to
catnap during the mid-day.  Betsy was bothersome in the fact that
she wanted to go and do everything, but she wanted us with her.
If only the child knew what her parents had been doing until
dawn!  Betsy was now 13 years old.  She was small and petite,
like her mother, long blonde hair, deep blue eyes, and her body
was just beginning to mature.  She had nicely shaped breasts for
a child of her age.  They weren't merely pointed buds, but full
breasts.  Many people commented that she looked like she was 16
or 17.  I think it was due to her large breasts.  My wife had
often told me that Betsy was to be a breath-taking young woman.
From looking at her mother, I knew that to be true.

We played shuffle-board, and swam a good deal that day.  We dined
and danced that evening.  Betsy had a young boy of 15 chasing
her, trying to get her to dance with him.  Finally, I encouraged
her to give the guy a chance.  But, while we were on the dance
floor during that dance, the ship shook violently.  Betsy fell to
the floor, and I almost tripped over several other people who had
also fallen.  The ship rocked 3 more times, and people began to
scream and run for the exits.  I quickly grabbed my daughter and
wife, and ushered them out of the room.  The ship continued
rocking as we ventured toward our cabins.

Suddenly, the loudspeaker began an announcement.  It was the
captain.

"Attention:  This is the captain.  Please be calm.  We've had an
explosion in the engine room, but everything is under control.
Please remain calm.  The crew has been ordered to assist all
passengers to the life boats.  You are to board a life boat and
wait instructions.  We hope to have the situation under control
soon.  Please--"

The intercom cut off as another loud explosion shook the ship.
People screamed all around us, and tried to trample us in
desperation to get to the life boats.

I heard a crew member talking.  "The bridge is on fire!"  He was
panicked.  Another crew member tried to calm him.  "Ray, easy.
We have a job to do, let's get these people to safety, then we
can be scared."  That seemed to calm the nervous crew member.
The two crew members eased us to the nearest life boat and we
began to board.  Ten of us fit in one life boat.  The two crew
members moved to the next boat and began shuffling people on it.
Several people tried to climb aboard our boat even though we
already had 10 people.  The crew were successful in stopping
them.

An explosion rocked the ship again.  This time, we saw fire, and
it was spreading rapidly.

"We've got to launch these damn things before the ship blows,
Ray!  Help me!"

The boat we were in released from the ship and we went to the
sea.  Some people weren't ready for the sudden plunge.  They
hadn't been strapped in and did not have a hold on the raft.
They fell from the raft.  They screamed as they fell.  They hit
the water before we did.  We were able to pull one person back
in.  But 4 others were gone.  There was no sight of them.  We
were down to 6 people in our raft which included my wife, child
and myself.

One old man grumbled.  "This is ridiculous!  We should have a
crew member aboard to guide this thing."  I kept silent.  Two
women held hands and cried.  I had learned that they were
sisters.

As we were several thousand feet from the ship and drifting, we
witnessed a huge fiery explosion as the ship finally went down.
There were screams all around us.  People on other life rafts.
Someone screamed: "Sharks!  Sharks!"  The women tensed.  We heard
people screaming in agony all around us.  Splashes as people fell
in the water and fought for their lives.  We heard the sound of
life rafts deflating, and the screams of men and women as they
sank to their deaths.

The old man panicked.  "We're gonna die!  We've got to do
something!"  He began to stand up, and almost capsized the raft.
I tried to get him to sit back down, but as I reached for him, he
fell overboard.  The women screamed.

"I can't swim!  Help me!  I can't swim!"  He screamed.

I scrambled to row the boat to his location to try to pull him
in, but before I could get in position, he was gone.  We searched
the water for almost 30 minutes with no luck.  We were down to 5.
Me, and four women.  All of the women were crying now, including
my daughter.  Betsy clung to me desperately.  "Please, daddy,
don't let us die!"  Amanda was also crying, but she tried her
best to calm our daughter.

We sailed for several hours that night.  The screams and cries of
others on other rafts and in the water died down, and now there
was total silence except for the waves, which were mild.

The women cried themselves to sleep, and I decided to stay awake
to watch for trouble.  Amanda whispered to me to waken her when I
could not stay awake any longer, and she'd take over the watch.
I agreed.

While they were sleeping, I counted our supplies.  We were
fortunate enough to have accumulated some things prior to leaving
the ship.  We had ten blankets which were standard issue for a
life boat.  Amanda had surrendered three candy bars, 2 packages
of crackers, and some bandages which she had in her purse.  The
other women also contributed some crackers which they had stashed
in their own purses.  It's amazing what women will store in their
purses. So, we had very little food.  We had blankets to keep us
warm at night, and to help with exposure to sun.  Betsy and I
were going to need the blankets due to our light skin.  While
Amanda was blonde also, she didn't have light skin problems that
Betsy and I had.  The other women were dark skinned, so I knew we
would not have much problem with them.

I managed to stay awake all night, and was able to view sunrise
without falling asleep.  Amanda was the first to awaken and she
told me to get some rest, which I did.

I woke a few hours later to a female crying pitifully.  I looked
around and saw one of the sisters holding the other to her chest
and crying.  Amanda whispered in my ear.

"Alissa is dead.  I don't know how, but when Alonda woke up, she
tried to wake Alissa up, and couldn't.  I tried to find a
heartbeat, and couldn't.  There's nothing we can do, John."

We were down to 4.

Betsy was clearly shaken by all of this.  Amanda continued
whispering.
"I'm worried about Betsy, John.  She might crack.  This is too
much for her."  I nodded my head.

Several hours later, I realized that we needed to do something
about Alissa.  Alonda still held her dead sister, but was now
just blabbing incoherently.  But, Alissa's corpse was starting to
draw buzzards overhead.

"Amanda, we need to put her body in the water before it begins to
decompose even more."  She agreed, and began to approach Alonda.
Alonda had heard us, and stopped blabbing.  She looked my wife
straight in the eye.

"You are NOT going to touch my sister, bitch!"

"Alonda, Alissa is gone now.  That is not Alissa.  The body is
endangering our lives.  We must put it overboard."

"MY SISTER IS NOT DEAD, DAMN YOU!"  She abruptly got to her feet,
and rocked the life boat.  Amanda and Alonda fell in the water.
Betsy screamed.

"Mom!  Mom!"  Betsy panicked and tried to go over for her, but I
grabbed her and stopped her.  She looked at me with fear in her
eyes.  "Help her, daddy!  Don't let her die!"

I reached for my wife, and she grabbed my hand.  Alonda was gone
by now.  Amanda began to pull herself to me.  Then, all of a
sudden, Amanda looked at me in horror, and grunted.  I was
confused.  What was going on?

The water turned red.  "I love you, John!"  She released her
grip, and fell in the water.  The water bubbled and got even more
blood red as a shark devoured my wife's body.

I grabbed Betsy and laid her down on the floor of the raft, and
held her close.  She was whimpering.  I held her for hours as we
both cried over our loss.  We were the only two left aboard.  We
both knew that we would die.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

We slept most of the day and all night.  Betsy was unresponsive.
Her brain had finally shut down in shock.  I held her close and
sang to her all night.

I awoke the next morning to blinding sunlight.  There was a loud
knocking noise close to my ear.  I looked over the side of the
raft and froze.

The raft was knocking against rocks.  We had landed on an island.
I quickly awoke my daughter, who would not speak, but was
somewhat responsive.   At least she opened her eyes.  I got her
to climb out of the raft, and we stepped onto sand.  We were on a
beach.  I thought to myself:  "Great!  This is probably a
populated resort area.  We can probably call the coast guard from
some condo on this beach."
I surveyed the beach, but saw no structures in sight.  Only
rocks, hills, and sand.  There was a lot of vegetation.  Birds
overhead, sea gulls.  No other people in sight.  That's strange,
I thought.  A beautiful day like this and no one swimming or
fishing.  That doesn't make sense.

I had Betsy help me drag the raft onto the beach.  We both fell
in the water several times in our effort.  We were both soaked by
the time we got it on land.  For the first time, I noticed my
daughter's mature breasts through her braless shirt.  Her nipples
were sticking up, and were hard through the wet material.  My
cock twitched, and I admonished myself for being so perverted.

The first priority was to find civilization.  I had no idea which
way to go.  All sides of the beach looked the same.  I saw a
clearing in the woods, and decided that civilization might be in
that direction.  We walked a couple of hours, and came to thick
vegetation which was impassable.  I decided to stop there until I
could get my bearings.  Betsy was still very quiet but alert.
She clung to me still.

We had brought the remaining 7 blankets that were aboard the
raft, and used 2 of them to make a tent.  That's where we slept
that night.  It was peaceful that night.  I had my pretty 13-year
old daughter wrapped close around my body for warmth, and I
listened to her breathing as she slept.  I heard many animal
cries in the night, but nothing came near our tent.

We stayed in that spot for 3 nights.  There were many banana
trees, and we found coconuts and drank the milk.  But, we needed
fresh water, and so, on our fourth day, we set out in search for
a natural spring.  We also needed to wash up, and we were at
least two hours walk from the beach.  I marked the sleeping area
with a torn piece of cloth from one of the blankets.

Betsy still had not spoken.  I was beginning to worry about her
mental state.

We found another clearing after about an hour of walking, and
followed it for several hours until we came to  a waterfall.  I
dipped my hands in the water along the stream, and drank.  It was
fresh water.  Betsy climbed into the stream, and began to bathe
in her clothes.

"Betsy, dear, if you'd like to take your clothes off and wash up,
I'll go see if we can build a shelter here while you bathe.  Sing
me a song while you bathe so that I know you're all right."

She looked at me in dismay.  She began to softly sing "Jesus
loves me".  I asked her to do it louder and after some
hesitation, she did.  After I left, she went back to shore and
removed her clothes before going back into the water to bathe.

After a few minutes I found a low ledge on a stony hill.  The
ledge was about 10 feet from ground level.  It covered a nice,
big area where I could tell that no rain had fallen.  It would be
perfect for a sleeping area.  Maybe later I could find something
to make walls with to enclose the area, but this would do for
now.  I spread the blankets out.  They would wear out in time,
but hopefully, we would be rescued by then.  Betsy continued
singing "Jesus loves me" over and over again.  She was a good
girl.  I loved her deeply.  I needed to help her get over this
and to go on with her life.  I had been so busy trying to
survive, that I had not had time to deal with my own fear and
grief.  But, now was not the time, either.  I had to keep going
for my daughter's sake.

As I walked back to the stream, I had not expected Betsy to be
through bathing yet.  I walked right in front of her naked body.
We both froze.  I gazed at her sweet nude body.  Even though I
was her father, my loins went into action.  I silently swore at
myself for being such a dirty minded pervert.  We must have
looked at one another for several minutes before I cleared my
throat and glanced away.  I heard her put her clothes on as I was
looking in another direction.

"Okay, daddy.  You can look now."  Those were the first words she
had spoken in 5 days.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
PART 2 of 3 PARTS
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

It has been 114 days since we arrived on the island.  I am
keeping track of the days by notching a mark in a tree with my
pocket knife.

We still live under the ledge.  I have built walls out of straw
and bamboo.  It keeps the cold winds out a night, and keeps us
dry and warm.

We have plenty of food to eat with little effort.  I have not
seen any dangerous animals on this island.  We have been lucky.
I made a slingshot, and have been able to kill squirrels with it
for meat.  I have also made a fishing rod out of bamboo, and we
eat fish as well.

We are still scared. but we are surviving.  We have each other.

Our clothes are wearing out.  They have holes in them, and
washing them by hand has been harder on the material.  We will
have to find something to make clothing from soon, or we will be
nude.

Betsy is handling the situation well now.  She is back to her old
self.  We do not talk of her mother, though.  But, we talk each
day of being rescued and eating a large hamburger and french
fries when we get back to the U.S.

She has been through her grief for her mother.  Mine began today.
I have tears in my eyes as I write this entry.  I miss my lovely
wife.  It is not merely sexual, either.  I was deeply in love
with that sweet woman, and I have lost her to a horrible death.
The truth is finally dawning on me, now that we are out of
danger.  Up until now, I kept telling myself that Amanda would be
waiting for us when we were rescued.  I told myself that I had
dreamed her violent death.  It was nothing but a nightmare.  But,
I cannot lie to myself any longer.  I must now grieve my loss.

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

It has been 130 days since we were stranded here.

I am almost over my grief now.  Betsy realized what had happened
to me, and has consoled me ever since my last entry.  She has
been a great comfort to me.

I am finding it hard to see Betsy as my daughter.  She looks so
very much like Amanda that I keep visualizing her as the young
Amanda I fell in love with.  I keep wanting to reach out, touch
her, kiss her and hold her close.  But, I have to keep reminding
myself that she is the product of my love for Amanda, and she is
my child, not my lover.  But, it is very difficult.

Two days ago, Betsy's shirt ripped in her left breast.  She had
no bra on when the accident occurred.  Her left breast was
exposed.  We were both very embarrassed, but I was turned on!
Her breasts are too big to hide with her hand, so even though her
nipple was hidden from my view, I still could see a good amount
of her luscious tit.  Luckily, I had stashed one of towels away
for safe keeping.  She draped the towel around her breasts, which
took care of the problem.

I no longer wear a shirt.  It wore out several days ago.  My
underwear also wore out yesterday.  I now wear only a pair of
tight shorts.  I still have my shoes, which is good since I need
them to walk in the woods.

Betsy and I still sleep together, holding one another.  She needs
my warmth and strength.  I have to admit that I need her too.

++++++++++++++++++++++

Six months have gone by.  We now hold no hope of rescue, and are
taking steps to prepare for a long stay on the island.  I have
had to move my day marks to another tree because I have almost
killed the first one.

Neither of us have any clothing now.  We are totally nude.  We
attempted using leaves to cover ourselves, but Betsy only wore
them two days before removing them.  I asked her why she did so,
and she looked at me with a very grown-up look and said that they
were not needed because it was okay to see each other.  We were
family, she said.  I could not discount her logic, and removed my
leaves too.

The only problem is when I become erect.  She has seen me with an
erection, and has given me puzzled looks.  I am sure that my
daughter is a virgin, and knows very little of sex.  We never got
around to telling her anything, and I don't think she's learned
very much from others.  I may have to talk with her very soon.

My mind continues to be plagued with unhealthy thoughts of my
daughter.  I am a man.  I have not seen another woman in six
months.  I have a very beautiful female running around butt-naked
in front of me.  I can't help but fantasize.  No matter how much
I criticize myself for my thoughts, I can't help but admit that
they are normal for a man in my position. But, I must keep myself
from acting out any of these fantasies.

I have a skin problem on my leg.  It's actually a rash.  We found
a plant that Betsy recognized from her studies and said that the
fluid from the plant would help it heal.  It feels much better
after 2 days.  She continues to apply the plant fluid.  I am
amazed by my little girl's intellect.  I never knew she had such
a great mind.
We have had many talks at night.  She told me that she secretly
has been studying medicine.  I was shocked.  She had snuck her
mother's medical books, and aided by her personal computer, she
has learned many things.  I never knew that Betsy had any
interests other than the telephone and boys.  She said she snuck
around because she was afraid she'd get into trouble if we found
out because she wasn't doing her regular homework when she should
have.  I laughed, kissed her on the nose and told her that she
can read any medical book she wants to when we get back.  That
made her very happy.  She told me that she wants to be a doctor.
That makes me very proud.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

7 months, 12 days.  I cannot avoid the need for a conversation
with my teenage daughter concerning sex.  Her looks are getting
more and more inquiring when I can't help but get erections.  She
can whisper "Hi, Daddy!" to me in the morning, and my cock is
hard.  This is crazy.  I'm becoming a sex fiend.

Yesterday, I could take it no longer.  I went down to the stream,
and began to masturbate.  Betsy was asleep, so I thought it'd be
safe.  It was the first time I had masturbated since I got
married.  I never needed to with Amanda around.

Well, I fantasized about my sweet daughter while pumping on my
massive erection.  I soon shot a load that must have spurted 100
feet.  I heard a gasp from behind me.  My brain was too numb from
my relief to register it at first.  About 5 seconds later, I
turned my head to see my nude 13-year-old daughter with her hand
over her mouth in shock.  Her eyes were wide.  When I looked at
her in shame, she turned and ran.

Neither of us spoke of the incident last night.  She had been
unusually quiet all day today.  I will need to talk with her
tonight about sex and explain to her why I did what I did.  It's
the only way.

Betsy had been light skinned 7 months ago.  She looks like a
native now.  She has dark skin, and is extremely healthy looking.
She has not just laid down in defeat.  She has helped me get
food, and keep our shelter in shape.  She also works out with
exercises she learned in the U.S.  She tries to get me to do her
exercises, but they look silly to me.  Her body is in really good
shape.  That's another thing that bothers me.  My daughter is so
damned sexy!

++++++++++++++++++

7 months, 13 days.

We finally talked last night.  I was surprised by my daughter's
acceptance of our discussion.  She confirmed my suspicion that
she was a virgin and knew nothing of sex, but she was very open-
minded.  The following is a recollection of what we discussed:

"Sweetheart, I think we need to talk about what happened
yesterday at the stream."  I looked at my little girl cautiously.
I was expecting her to get up and run away, but she didn't.  She
looked right back at me and smiled innocently.  I cleared my
throat before continuing.
"Do you know what I mean when I say that people make love
sometimes?"

She hesitated.  "Well.  Sort of.  I mean, I know they kiss, and
touch each other, and stuff."

"Yes, that's right, honey.  Why do you think they do all that?"

"Because they like each other."

"Well,  yes, but it's mostly when they LOVE each other like
husband and wife, like your mom and I loved each other.  You see,
when a man loves a woman, and she loves him, many wonderful
feelings go through their minds and bodies.  Especially their
bodies.  When they look at one another, they feel funny in their
stomachs.  They want to kiss and touch a lot."  I paused and
looked at my daughter severely.  "And, do more than that."  She
looked at me questioningly.

"Betsy, men and women have urges and desires.  When they act on
these urges and desires, it is called making love, or sex.  It is
only right to act out these urges when two people are married to
one another.  Do you understand?"  She nodded her head.

I tried to compose myself briefly before continuing.

"Do you know what a penis is, Betsy?"  She shook her head.

"It's the human organ on a man that allows him to urinate.  It is
also a sexual organ.  When a boy matures, he develops feelings in
his penis.  When he looks at a girl, he gets excited, he sweats,
and blood begins to flow into his penis, which makes the penis
hard.  The penis will stick out from his body, like my penis did
yesterday."  Her eyes got large at mentioning yesterday's
incident.

"When a boy's penis is stimulated, it makes him feel good.  After
a while of being stimulated, the boy will release a liquid from
his penis.  It is not urine.  It is called semen, or sperm.  The
boy feels very good right before the liquid comes out, and after
the liquid is released, the blood leaves the boy's penis, and it
becomes soft again.  When the semen is placed into a girl's womb,
she can become pregnant for a baby.  Yesterday, you saw me when
my semen was released from my penis."

Betsy found her voice.  "Why did you do that, daddy?"

I hesitated.  "Well, sweety, that's difficult to explain.  It has
been a long time since your mother and I have had sex.  A man
gets excited often, and needs some kind of sexual attention once
in a while.  I needed that attention yesterday, but your mom is
gone, so I had to do something to make that release myself."

"So, you pumped on your penis until it shot that white stuff, I
mean, semen?"

"Yes, honey.  That's right."

"Did it feel good, daddy?"

I sighed.  "Oh, yes, sweety, it felt VERY good."

She looked at me with those innocent sweet eyes, then looked down
to my crotch.

"Why is it hard now, daddy?  I thought you let it release
yesterday?"

I lost my voice momentarily.  "Well, like I said, men get excited
a lot."

"Does it feel better when a girl touches it and makes you
release?"

I blushed sharply.  "Yes, sweetheart.  It feels much better when
a girl helps me like that."

"Oh."  She looked satisfied at my answer.

"Do you have any other questions?  Are you still upset about
yesterday?"

"I think I understand now, daddy.  No, I'm not upset anymore.  I
need to think about all of this.  Can I ask you questions later?"

"Oh, yes, babe.  I'll do my best to answer any questions you
have."

She smiled, got up and walked back to our home.  As she walked
back, I stroked my raging cock as I watched my daughter's tight,
firm nude ass wiggle as she walked.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

8 months, 2 days.

It is early morning.  The sun has not yet come up.  I am writing
by bright moonlight.  I was disturbed by a dream.  I had seduced
my daughter in the dream.  I was eating her sweet blonde cunt as
I awoke.  I have just had to jack off into my blanket for relief.

It is difficult not to fantasize about Betsy.  I see her naked
body all of the time.  When she sits in front of me, her legs are
naturally spread, and I can see her sweet pussy with no effort.
I just want to reach out and kiss it.

The frequency by which I am masturbating has increased to several
times a day.  I no longer care if Betsy sees me do it.  I am a
pervert, lusting after his own virgin daughter!

I don't know how much more I can take before I seduce her.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

9 months, 1 day.

I am crazy.  I can no longer control myself.  I am thinking of
walking into the forest and leaving to protect my daughter from
my sexual urges.

This morning, as I awoke, I broke down.  I began kissing her
deeply.  To my surprise, she responded and kissed back.  I lost
it.  I started kissing her naked tits, and sucking her nipples.
She moaned softly as I did it, and did nothing to stop me.   I
can only think that she did not stop me for fear that she would
get into trouble and that I would punish her.  My oral assault on
her upper body lasted about an hour.  I cannot be sure, but I
think I saw moisture in her pussy lips when she parted her legs.
But, that's impossible.  How can she be turned on by her own
father?  I finally forced myself to stop assaulting her when the
pressure of her naked ass against my hard cock caused me to
ejaculate all over her pretty ass.  After I came, she got up,
smiled at me and went to the stream to wash off.  I could not
face her the rest of the morning.  I am deeply ashamed of my
actions.

This afternoon, while I went to wash at the stream, I caught my
daughter rubbing her pussy with her hand.  She looked me right
straight in the eyes, then cried out as an orgasm hit her.  When
she closed her eyes, I turned and left.  I immediately jacked off
in some bushes.  I did not know that Betsy was beginning to have
sexual feelings.  I am afraid that I have been a bad influence on
her.

++++++++++++++++++

9 months, 6 days.

My daughter has come to me with more questions about sex.  After
the discussion, I am convinced that I must be careful.  It might
be best to go away for a few days so that we can both cool down.

"Daddy, did you like seeing me the other day?"

I was shocked.  I stuttered, and finally lost my voice before I
could answer her.

She smiled warmly.  "That's okay.  I liked it when you watched me
play with myself.  It helped me feel better.  I like to watch you
too, especially when you release."  I couldn't believe my ears.
I was still too shocked to speak.

"Would it be wrong to touch each other and help each other
release, daddy?  After all, you don't have mom anymore.  I can
help you.  I can do the things she used to do for you."

My jaw broke off and fell to the ground.

She smiled at me sweetly, leaned over and kissed me softly.  I
had no choice but to respond.  We necked for about 10 minutes.
Then, she began to rub my cock with her hand.  I jerked up, and
grabbed her hand and shoved it away.  She looked disappointed and
hurt.
"Betsy!  You're my daughter!  I'm your Father!"

She looked at me with her deep blue eyes, and I melted.  "So?
I'm a girl.  You're a man.  We need each other."  Such adult
concepts for such a young girl.

I sputtered further, and fled into the woods.  I stayed gone
several hours.  When I returned, she had dinner ready for us.  We
ate in silence.

This was the first night we had slept separately.  I could not
trust myself not to abuse her sexually.  She was deeply hurt when
I would not sleep next to her.  I couldn't help it.  I did it
because I love her so much.

++++++++++++++++++++
PART 3 of 3 PARTS
++++++++++++++++++++

9 month, 11 days.

I have left camp.  Betsy cried as I left her behind.  I tried to
explain the situation to her, but she honestly feels that there
is nothing wrong with having sex with her own father.  I can only
say  that this accident must have done more harm to the poor girl
that I originally suspected.

It happened suddenly.  While I was sleeping, Betsy began to lick
and suck my cock.  I dreamed that it was her doing it in my
sleep, but I had no idea that it was real.  I woke up when I
heard her moan.  Right after I had come in her mouth.

I feel like dirt.  I have tainted my own child.  She had tasted
my semen, and has swallowed it.  I feel totally responsible for
her desperate act.  My 13-year-old daughter lusts after me
because of what I have done.  Masturbating constantly.  It must
have some kind of effect on her to see her father lose control
like that.

I am on my way to the beach where we landed in hopes of spotting
a ship to rescue us.  Maybe the 8 hour trip will help me come to
my senses so that I can deal with Betsy calmly and help her to
see how it's wrong to have sex with me.  God, I love that girl!
If she weren't my daughter, she'd be pregnant by now!  I must
stop thinking like this!

I have now reached the beach.  There is nothing but sand, water
and rocks in sight.  Even the life boat is still here.  But, it
is no longer sea-worthy.  Vultures have eaten holes in it.  I do
not see any ship in sight.  All may be lost.

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++

9 months, 13 days.

After spending 2 days combing the beach with no food, and very
little water, I am ready to turn back for camp.  I still have not
resolved the conflict with Betsy.  Being away from her has only
made matters worse.
I am beginning to think that I am not mentally stable.  I am
thinking of my daughter in terms of a desirable woman now.  I
think of romancing her, even of marrying her.  I must be crazy.
But, I know in my heart that I am truly in love with the girl.  I
cannot go on without her.  I miss her.  I need her.

These are no longer father-daughter feelings.  But, those of a
love-sick young man after a girl.  God help me.

+++++++++++++++++

9 months, 14 days.

I am reunited with my daughter.  She flew into my arms and would
not stop hugging and kissing me when she saw me emerge from the
forest.  I am at home at last.

And, during my long walk back, I have decided to allow her to
satisfy me sexually, and to satisfy her as well.  But, I will
keep her a virgin in the event that we are rescued.  I do not
want to ruin her for any future husband she may have.

This night was the best night we have had together since we
arrived.  After dinner, I helped her clean up.  While I sat, and
drank some home-made grape wine that I brewed by hand, she came
to me.  She came into my lap, and began to caress my shoulders
and neck as she kissed my lips tenderly.  I nuzzled her neck with
my bearded mouth, and sucked tenderly on her soft skin.  I moved
my mouth down to her chest and began kissing, licking and sucking
her luscious tits and hard nipples.  She moaned loudly.  I placed
my index finger in her wet slit and began to rub her clit.  She
came in my lap twice before I took her in my arms and moved her
to the bed.

She spread her luscious thighs and exposed her pink cunt for me.
I brushed the short blonde pubic hair aside and I moved my tongue
into position, and began licking her delicious pussy.

After she had come about 4 more times, she begged to suck my
cock, so I got into a 69 position so that she could get to me.

She had only sucked cock just that one time, so she wasn't very
good at it yet, but her sweet mouth made me feel wonderful
regardless of her level of expertise at sucking cock.  When she
was coming from her 6th orgasm, I shot my load into her mouth,
which she eagerly swallowed.

We laid there savoring one another for about an hour afterward.
Then, we held each other close before falling asleep.

+++++++++++++++++++++++

10 months, 21 days.

We have had over one month of bliss together.  My little girl's
appetite for sex is surprising.  We have done some sort of sexual
act each night.  Some days, we do nothing but satisfy one
another.  Betsy is still a virgin, though.  That might change
soon.  She has made a request of me.

Her birthday is in 10 days.  She has requested that I make total
love to her on her birthday, and that I take her virginity.  She
will be 14 years old.  Betsy is very serious about this.  And,
shockingly, I am seriously considering granting her request.

I am in love with my beautiful daughter.  I want her to be my
wife.  I want her to have my children.  I can honestly say that I
love her more deeply than I did Amanda.  That does not shock me
because it only makes sense.  I have always loved Betsy.  Now, my
love has grown for her as my lover instead of daughter.  I still
have protective feelings for her, I am still proud to be her
father, but I also desire her body, mind and soul.  I want to
spend the rest of my life by her side as her mate.  I believe
that she feels the same way.

+++++++++++++++++++++

10 months, 24 days.

We went to the beach today.  Surprisingly, we spotted a ship.  We
could have been rescued today.  But, we looked one another in the
eyes, and made a silent vow.  Then, we walked into the forest
where we went down on another for about 2 hours of fantastic
love.  Betsy told me that she wants to have my baby, and that she
intends to spend her life with me and our children on our island
together.  I agreed with her, and told her that she should be
married before I take her virginity and give her a child.

+++++++++++++++++++++
11 months.

Today is Betsy's 14th birthday.

Betsy Sue Hanson and John Randall Hanson joined one another in
matrimony today.  We held a small ceremony on a hilltop.  We said
our wedding vows to one another and shared our love.  When we
returned to camp after the ceremony, we made love for the first
time.

My 14 year old daughter-wife was simply beautiful when I took her
virginity.  We enjoyed one another orally before she was wet
enough for me to plunge my big cock into her tight pussy.  But,
after making her come 3 times with my mouth, I could not hold
back.  I mounted her, and eased my cock into her.  When I reached
her barrier, I plunged harder and broke the thin membrane which
separated our love.  She cried out in pain and pleasure as I took
her virginity.  After the initial pain, she relaxed, and was soon
coming multiple times before I emptied my load into her body.
She looked at me with bright eyes and announced:  "I love you,
daddy!  Now, I will have your baby!"

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

5 years, 2 months, 7 days.

Life is good.  Love is wonderful with my beautiful 18 year old
daughter-wife, and 4 year old daughter/grand-daughter.  Betsy is
once again pregnant.  I'm surprised we do not have more children.
We have not gone more than 2 nights without making love since we
started.  Neither of us can get enough of the other.

Betsy is worried about carrying on our family since we are the
only male and female on the island.  She has made me promise to
impregnate our daughter when she reaches 14, like I did Betsy.
This will keep our family alive.  After spending 4 wonderful
years married to Betsy, I have no doubt that our daughter,
Beverly will feel the same way as Betsy did about loving her
father.

We heard a helicopter today.  We all ran into hiding before it
could see us.

We no longer have any desire to return to civilization.  We have
what we need here.  We have each other.
