Copyright © 1997,  Baron Darkside.       ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.


(1)  Disclaimer One:  This Is A Work Of Fiction; It Is Not True!
While Some Characters Who Appear In This Story May Be Under The Age Of
Eighteen, They Are Not Abused And No Abuse Is Intended Or Implied (If
You Disagree With My Definition Of Abuse, I'm Sorry).

(2) Disclaimer Two:   If You Are Underage (Under The Age Of Eighteen
(18)), Or In Locations That By Law,  Preclude You From Reading Sexual
Material, You Should Stop Reading This Material Now!!

(3)  Disclaimer Three:  If You Are, Now Or Have Ever Been,  Offended
By Sex, Incest Or Any Other Subject Of A Sexual Nature, Please Avoid
This Story.  (I Would Also Suggest You Seek The Services Of A
Psychologist.

(4)  Disclaimer Four:  This Is For Adults, And Contains Adult Oriented
Material.  If You Are Not An Adult, Either Chronologically, Mentally
Or Sexually, Please Do Not Read Any Further Or You Will Be Offended
(Probably).

(5)  Disclaimer Five:  The Author Of This Story Wishes To Remain
Anonymous, However I Retain All Copy Rights.


INCESTUOUS FANTASIES OF MOTHERS AND SONS

Fantasy Number 52A
(The Stranger-Part One)
A Tale of Incest by Incestual Dreamer, Baron Darkside



The rain had held off until Bobby and his mother were just over half
way to the cabin.  But when it struck, it came down with a vengeance.
It came down in buckets and they were both soaked to the bone minutes
after the downpour began.

There was no where to escape.  They couldn't hide from it.  They had
to go on.  They sloshed mud and goo that was sometimes knee deep as
they slowly made their way up the mountain trail.  

Finally, just when it seemed like they would never make it, they saw
the cabin. 

"Finally, the cabin," Bobby groaned, stopping for a moment in the
pouring rain.  "I didn''t think we were going to ever get here."

"I don't think I've ever seen it rain so hard," his mother, Doreen
panted, rain streaming down her face.  "I can't wait to get into
something dry."

Clumping up the steps and onto the porch, Bobby flopped down and
untied his mud-encrusted boots while his mother unlocked the door.

"I'll get a fire going," he told her, stepping around her as she
pulled her boots off, "and you can go ahead and get into some dry
clothes before you freeze to death."

"Aren't you a Darling," she shivered, her teeth chattering loudly. 

Slipping his backpack off, Billy set it by the door and headed for the
fireplace leaving a trail of muddy water behind him.

"Boy, am I glad Dad and I put some wood inside the last time we were
up here," he said, hearing his mother's boots clump to the floor, "or
we would be up the river with the proverbial paddle."

"You've got that right," she shivered, stepping inside and closing the
door behind her.  "I'm freezing."

"Hurry up and get into some dry clothes," he told her as he built the
fire.

Putting some paper and kindling in a pile just as he had been taught
in the scouts, he lit it.  The paper and small pieces of kindling
quickly burst into flames.  Then he added several larger logs to the
pile and stepped back to admire his handy work.  As he watched the
fire grow in strength, he peeled his sopping shirt off and pitched it
over on the hearth.  The warmth from the fire felt good on his skin as
he stood warming his hands.

Then he heard his mother coming out of the bathroom.

"I'm afraid that all my clothes are drenched," she complained walking
back into the room with a big, white towel wrapped around her.

"I guess that you'll just have to excuse my appearance until I can dry
something else to wear.

"Hopefully that won't take too long," he grinned at her pointing to
the fire, "I have a fire going."

"You'd better get out of you wet clothes, too," she smiled at him,
walking up beside him and warming her hands by the fire, "we don't
want you catching a cold either."

"Gladly," he said, picking up his backpack and trudging into the
bathroom.

As cold and dreary as it was, he wondered where he would sleep as he
skinned off his saturated clothes.  He usually slept on the couch by
the fire, but as cold as it was, maybe he should let his mother have
the bed by the fire.

Searching through his pack, he found that all of his clothes were
soaking wet too.  Shivering, he grabbed a towel.  Drying himself off
with it, he tossed it aside and grabbed another towel.  Wrapping it
around his waist, he picked up his pack and left the bathroom.

"It looks like we are both in the same boat," he laughed, strolling
back to the fireplace, "Nothing in my pack is dry either."

"I think your father was right," his mother said as she spread her
clothes out in front of the fireplace to dry, "I don't think we are
going to get in a lot of fishing the way it is raining."

"Oh, I don't know," he laughed, "we'll be able to fish off the porch
if the stream keeps rising the way it is."

"At least we will eat well," his mother grinned, walking over to the
cabinet.  "We stocked  up on food the last time we were up here."

"With this rain, it may be a couple of days before we can make it back
down," he complained, spreading his clothes out in front of the fire.
"Do we have enough food for that?"

"Plenty," she grinned, rummaging through the cabinet, "now what would
you like tonight?"

Spreading out the last of his clothes, he turned around to see his
mother searching through the cabinet.  As she bent over, her towel
rode up her thigh baring her long, lovely legs all the way up the very
bottom of her butt.  His mom sure had beautifully legs, he thought as
he stared at them.  They were full, and curved at just the right
places.  Not too skinny and not too fat.  Just perfect, he thought,
admiring the swell of her well-developed calves.  Must be all the
walking and exercising she did.  Just then, she bent over a little
farther and suddenly he found himself staring at her protruding lips
of her pussy, beautifully exposed between her inner thighs.

"My, God," he thought, "she doesn't have any panties on."

He was unable to tear his eyes away from her exposed femininity as he
felt a searing flash of excitement tear through his penis.  

Her pussy was beautiful.  His mouth fell open as he openly gawked at
the captivating gash of pink flesh peeking out at him from between her
lovely thighs.

"WHAT ARE YOU DOING, BOBBY WILKINS?" he asked himself as he continued
to stare at his mother's conspicuous nudity.  That is your mother's
pussy you are gawking at.  You'll probably go blind if you don't stop
looking.  He felt like a pervert, but he couldn't take his eyes away
from his mother's nudity.  Although he was excited by the captivating
view, he was filled with shame and disgust. 

Then she stood up.  Tearing his eyes away from her, he was able to
escape detection as she turned toward him.

"Well, did the cat get your tongue?" she asked him.

"Uh, oh, uh," he stuttered, his face turning beet red, "Uh, I don't
care, uh, surprise me."

"What is wrong with you?" she asked him, looking down at herself.  "Am
I embarrassing you being dressed this way?"

"UH, I, uh, I don't know," he muttered, turning to hide the bulge that
had suddenly formed under his towel.

"Okay, if you won't tell me what you want, why don't you get us a
glass of wine while I throw something together," she told him, turning
back to the pantry.

"Yeah, uh, sure," he replied, stumbling over to the other pantry where
the wine was kept.

With shaking hands, he opened a bottle of wine and poured himself a
glass.  While his mother wasn't looking, he quickly downed it.  Then
he filled both glasses. 

"Here," he said, handing his mother her glass as he held the bottle in
front of the hump under his towel.

"Thank you," she smiled at him taking a sip of the wine. "Very good
choice."

Bobby bumbled back over to the fireplace, setting the bottle on the
table as he went.  Squatting in front of the fire, he picked up  a log
about as thick as his wrist.  He was just about to put it on the fire
when their privacy was suddenly interrupted by a jarring knock at the
front door.

"What in th...," he blurted out, jumping in fright.  

"Someone is at the door," his mother said, a look of apprehension
spreading over her face.

"Do you want me to answer it?" he asked her.

"I guess so, but be careful," she cautioned him.

Walking over to the door, he laid the log on the table by the couch.
Creeping up to the door, he turned and looked at his mother.  Then
shrugging his shoulders, he slowly opened the door a crack.  

He couldn't believe his eyes.  There was a man standing on the porch
pointing a huge pistol at him.  In the instant it took for him to
react and try to slam the door, the man shoved his foot in the crack
keeping the door from closing.

"What's going on?" his mother shouted from across the room.

"Man, gun," was all Bobby could grunt as struggled to close the door.

"That's not very neighborly of you, my lad," the man laughed coldly as
he slowly forced the door open, still pointing the gun at Bobby.  "Not
very neighborly at all."

"What, what do you want?" Bobby asked, seeing that it was futile to
try and stop the man.  

Bobby stepped back from the door and let the drenched stranger step
inside.

"Just a place in out of the rain, laddie," the invader smiled evilly,
jerking the gun and motioning for Bobby to step farther away from him.
"That's not too much to ask on a horrid night like tonight is it?"

Bobby didn't answer him as he watched the man's eyes sweep all the way
around the room before returning and stopping on Bobby's mother,
Doreen.

"Well, well," the man said, "what kind of party do we have going on
here?"

"What, what do you mean?" she asked, her face reddening.

"It looks like the little lady has invited her young lover up to the
mountains for a little hanky-panky," he leered, slowly easing his
sopping coat back off his shoulders and letting it plop to the floor.

"How rude," Doreen spit out.  "How dare you come into our cabin and
accuse us of such a thing.  This is my son and just who the hell are
you?"

"My name's not important, but you can call me Tom, if you need a
name," he smirked, motioning Bobby away from the fire.  "I just jumped
to the obvious conclusion what with both of you running around half
naked."

"All of our clothes got wet when we hiked up here this afternoon," she
explained futility.

"Hey, Lady, you don't have to make excuses to me," he said, "it
doesn't make any difference to me one way or the other."

Grinning lewdly, he turned and keeping an eye on them, clumped over to
the fire.  As he stood in front of the fire warming his hands, the
only sound was that of the wood snapping and crackling as it burned.
Then he spoke again.

"You, boy, go get me one of those towels like you and your mom are
wearing," he ordered Bobby.

Bobby frowned, but turned and started for the bathroom.  Maybe the man
would leave if he had some dry clothes.  Then just before he stepped
into the bathroom, Bobby heard the man speak again.

"While you're in there, close the door and don't come out until I tell
you."

"No.  No.  I won't leave you alone with my mom."

"Do it boy.  Do it now.  Do it before my finger gets tired and one of
you gets shot," he growled angrily, purposefully pointing the gun at
Doreen to make his point.

"Bobby," his mother said softly, "do as he says.  Please."

"But Mom," Bobby started to continue his protest, but stopped when he
saw the look on his mother's face. 

"He won't do anything to me."

"You listen to your mother, Bobby," the stranger laughed coldly.

"You better not do anything," Bobby threatened uselessly as he stepped
inside the bathroom and closed the door behind him.

The instant the door was closed, the man quickly laid the gun on the
table where he could quickly scoop it up should Doreen make a dash for
it.

"You'll have to pardon my rudeness," he muttered, his teeth starting
to chatter, "but, I'm about to freeze to death."

Then, as Doreen watched on in disbelief, he started to undress.
Within moments, he stood before her as naked as a jaybird.

Her face blazing with embarrassment, she quickly turned away.

"What's wrong," the intruder chortled, picking up the bottle of wine
on the table and taking a long, deep pull on it, "don't you like my
laddie boy?"

"God," she mumbled, facing away from him, "how crude."

"Haven't had any complaints about him in the past," the man smirked,
wiping his mouth with back of his hand.

"Maybe, I'll let you play with him later," he cackled, "maybe that
will change your mind."

"Hey, Boy, bring me that towel," the man  shouted, picking up the gun
again.

Bobby stepped out of the bathroom and stopped.  He couldn't believe
his eyes.  The man was standing in front of his mother without a
stitch of clothes on.  Bobby's face reddened with anger and shame.
Despite his anger, he knew there was nothing he could do to stop the
man.

"Bring the damn towel over here, boy," the man commanded, motioning at
him with the gun.

Suddenly, the gravity of their predicament dawned on Bobby.  They were
trapped in their cabin with a deranged psychotic.

Would he do unspeakable things to them and then kill them?

Bobby broke out in a cold sweat as he slowly trudged over and handed
the towel to the man.

"That's more like it, laddie," the man smirked wrapping the towel
around his waist as he kept the gun pointed at Bobby.  "Now why don't
you get us another bottle of wine and we can have a real party."

As the stranger spoke, Bobby saw his mother look tentatively over her
shoulder.  Seeing that the stranger had covered himself, she turned
and faced them.  As Bobby looked to her for guidance, she nodded her
head.  Bobby walked over to the pantry and opened it.

"What do you want with us?" Doreen asked the man as Bobby pulled out
another bottle of wine and opened it.

"Well," the man paused, leering at her spitefully, "I have a couple of
ideas to get us started and after that, we'll just have to play it by
ear, or prick I guess would be more appropro."

"Oh my God, what, what do you mean?" she gasped.

"Well, lady, why don't the both of you come over here by the couch and
get nice and cozy while I explain the rules of engagement," he grinned
lewdly, stepping back away from the couch.

Bobby and his mother looked at each other helplessly.  Seeing no
escape, they both shuffled over to the couch like two prisoners being
led to the gallows.

"Set the bottle down right here," the man said pointing to the
endtable.

Bobby felt a growing sense of doom and helplessness inside his chest
as he set the bottle down as he had been told.  Then he slowly back
away from the table.

"Mom, why don't you have a seat on the couch here," the man told
Doreen.

She hesitated for a couple of moments and then slowly sat down.  She
tried to keep her long, curvaceous legs together so that the stranger
wouldn't know that she was naked under the towel.

"Okay," the man grinned perversely, picking up the bottle and taking
another long pull on it, "Now, Bobby, I want you to take your towel
off so your mom and I can see your laddie boy."

"WHAT?" Bobby sputtered, unable to believe what he had just heard.

"You heard me," the man growled, "take your damned towel off."

"Hell, No," Bobby sputtered.

Then he heard the click of the gun being cocked.

"Okay, okay," he groaned, turning away from his mother so she wouldn't
be forced to watch him uncover his manhood.

His whole body turned bright red from embarrassment as he slowly
untied the towel and let it slip to the floor.

"Damn, Bobby, that is one big cocker you've got hanging there," the
stranger laughed, looking down at Bobby's dangling cock.

Bobby had never been so humiliated.  His whole body turned beet red as
he stood facing the man.  What was the crazed mad-man going to do now?
Waiting, Bobby's mind feverishly sought a way to extract them from the
devilish dilemma they found themselves in.

"Show your codder to your mom, lad," the intruder ordered him,
laughing harshly  at Bobby's humiliation.

Bobby had never felt such hate.  There was a rage growing inside of
him that would soon be uncontrollable.  He didn't move, hoping that
the man wouldn't make him face his mother.

"Come on, Mom," the man leered, taking another swig off the wine,
letting some of it spill down his chest, "tell your boy to turn around
so you can take a look at his laddie."

Neither of them reacted to the man's leering threat.

"Turn around, Bobby, or I just might have to shoot it off," the
stranger snapped, pointing the gun down at Bobby's dangling manhood.

Realizing that defiance might end in bloodshed or worse, Bobby knew he
had no other choice.

"I'm sorry, Mom," he whined as he slowly turned and faced her.

They were only three or four feet apart as he looked down at her.  She
had her eyes closed.

"Open up those pretty blues of yours, Mommy," the intruder ordered
her.

Ever so slowly, she opened her eyes, looking up away from her son's
exposed masculinity.  Their eyes met for a moment.  Then to Bobby's
amazement and shock, he watched as her eyes quickly flicked down to
his drooping masculinity.  Bobby nearly died as her eyes widened
momentarily then swept back up to his face.  Bobby couldn't decipher
the look on his mother's face, but he could see that she was blushing,
too.

"Quite a hanger you boy has there, don't you think?" the stranger
chuckled.

Neither Bobby nor his mother spoke, not knowing what was coming next.

"Answer me," the man commanded, "don't you think your boy has quite a
cock?"

"Uh, uh, Yes," she finally said so softly Bobby could barely hear her,
"he has a lovely penis."

"It is so lovely, I'll bet that you would love to suck on it," the
stranger laughed, mimicking her as his face twisted into a devilish
scowl. .

"Please.  Oh, Please," she groaned fearfully, "don't make us do that.
Please.  I'll do anything you say, but please don't make us do that."

When Bobby had heard what the man said, he had suddenly felt a jolt of
wicked excitement tear through his body.  

He couldn't believe what he had heard.  The man wanted his mother to
suck Bobby's cock.  Bobby wasn't able to control the primitive
excitement that was quickly evident as his cock began to swell and
grow.  While a part of his mind found having his cock sucked by his
mother in front of another person disgusting, another part of his mind
found it exhilarating wicked.  But what would happen to them after
they had done as he told them?  Would he kill the both of them?

For a few moments, the only sound was the fire, snapping and popping.
Bobby suddenly realized that the man and his mother were both staring
at his cock.  Looking down, he saw that his cock was already starting
to lift up away from his dangling balls. 

"God, NO, don't let this happen to me," he prayed to himself.

But he could only curse his own frailty as his cock continued to swell
and harden, lifting its huge purple head higher and higher.

No one said a word until his cock was finally ripe and hard.  He had
always been proud of his giant penis, but now he hated the arrogant
column of rock hard meat that jutted out of his groin.  To add injury
to insult, it bounced up and down in time with his heartbeat as it
pointed directly at his mother.

"It would seem that your son doesn't seem to agree with you on this
subject," the man cackled insanely, pointing down at Bobby's thick,
hard cock, "I think that he wants his mother to suck him."

"Bobby, how could you?" his mother complained, looking up at him.

"Mother, I'm sorry," he blubbered, tears of embarrassment and shame
flowing down his cheeks, "I couldn't stop it, it just happened."

"Hey, now that Bobby's showed us what he has and got his cocker
charged and ready," the man chortled, taking another swig of the wine,
"You show us what you have Mom."

"NO, Please.  Please don't make me do this," she begged the intruder,
"Please, not in front of my son."

"Come on, Mom," the man leered, dropping his towel to reveal his own
half hardened cock, "I'll show you mine and you show me yours."

"Oh, God, Please," she pleaded desperately.

"Quit fooling around and take it off," the man ordered her brusquely,
pointing the gun at Bobby's head, "or POW."

Sobbing helplessly, she slowly untied the knot and let her towel drop
to the couch.

"WOW," the man exclaimed, almost dropping the gun as he stared down at
her beautiful breasts.

She self-consciously tried to cover her nudity, but there was just too
much to cover.

"Move your arms," he ordered her, " I want to see all of you."

Bobby couldn't stop himself from peeking down at his mother.  He felt
his mouth go dry and his cock twitch wickedly as his eyes glazed over.
She was even more beautiful than he had imagined.  His mind was torn
between excitement and self-disgust as he leered down at her.  He had
never seen such perfection.  Her breasts were magnificent.  They were
perfectly formed.  They were big and beautiful.  Not too big, just
right.  They had to be 38 or 40Ds, his mind thought dementedly, as he
watched her pendant melons wiggle and jiggle seductively.  They were
full and heavy.  They wiggled ponderously as they drooped down
beautifully.

To Bobby, she was the most beautiful woman in the world. 

Bobby's mind was in chaos.  He didn't know what was going to happen to
them, but he couldn't take his eyes off his mother.  He cursed the man
for subjecting his mother to such humiliation, but down deep inside,
he was happy that he had had this occasion to see his mother naked.
Not only that, he found himself wanting his mother to take him in her
mouth.  He hated the man for being there, but without him none of this
would have happened.  In a sick and perverted way, he hoped the man
would carry through on his threat and make his mother suck him.  And
maybe after that, the man would make him fuck his mother.  Oh, God,
that would be too much, he thought.  Just thinking about it made his
heart beat faster.  He hated himself, but he found himself wanting to
do bad and depraved things to his mother.  He wanted to do everything
to her, but not hurt her.  He was afraid that he was loosing his
sanity and felt on the edge of loosing all control when suddenly he
was brought back to reality by the man shouting at him.

"Hey, Boy, Wake up."

Drunkenly, Bobby tried to clear his head of the perversions that had
filled it.

"What, what, what do you want?" he muttered inanely as his eyes
cleared.

"I think your mother has changed her mind," the man smirked at Bobby,
"I think she wants to suck your big, bad cocker after all.  So take it
over to her."

Shaking his head to clear the confusion, he looked down at his mother.
He had never seen anyone look so helpless.  Then he saw her nod her
head up and down ever so slightly.  He couldn't stop the jolt of
excitement that tore through his cock making it jump and down
wickedly.  He nearly died of shame when he heard the man laughing at
him.

"God, Mother, I'm sorry," he sobbed.

"I know," she whispered, slowly reaching out for him, beckoning him to
come to her.  

Frightfully, he took a couple of steps toward her.  Now he stood
facing her.  His hot, heavy, throbbing cock evilly danced up and down
in front of her face.

Holding his breath in anticipation, he watched with depraved
excitement as she slowly bent forward and gently kissed the big purple
head of his cock.  He nearly lost it.  It felt like he had stuck his
cock into an electric socket.  His whole body tingled as the thrill of
her touching his cock exploded in his brain.  Then he had to use every
last ounce of his will power to keep from cumming as his mother opened
her mouth and slowly sucked the bloated head of his cock into her
mouth.

"OH, FUCKING GOD, MOTHER," he groaned as he felt her tongue tickle the
delicate underside of his quivering cockhead.  

Bobby almost went into shock as his mother slowly sucked more and more
of his giant cock into her mouth.  His heart was pounding so wildly,
he felt like it would burst at any moment as he watched his mother's
soft, full lips encircling his thick prod.  Slowly her ruby red lips
engulfed more and more of his thick, hard penis.  At last, he felt his
engorged  cockhead nudge up against the back of her throat.  Even as
his head reeled with depraved excitement, his mother held him in her
mouth.  Lovingly, gently, she sucked on his penis.  Then she began to
suck harder as her tongue flicked around his pulsating man-cock.
Bobby knew he couldn't keep the river of burning cum damned up inside
his aching balls much longer as he felt her sucking on him. 

Then, she slowly eased her head back away from him, letting his spit
covered prick slither out of her mouth.  Afraid she was going to quit
sucking on him, Bobby was elated when she stopped with the great
purple cockhead still inside her mouth.  Suddenly another spasm of
depraved excitement tore into his brain as he felt her take his
dangling balls in her hand.  He couldn't believe it.  Then she began
to gently squeeze and fondle them as she sucked him back into her
mouth.  As he watched on in stunned ecstasy, she began to move her
head back and forth, stroking his jutting maleness with long, deep,
slurping sucks.  She hungrily devoured his cock as it loudly slid in
and out of her mouth.  Bobby's whole essence was now centered on his
mother's lips and the wicked delight they were bringing him.

Then his hips began to involuntarily move back and forth in reverse
rhythm with her head.  Every time her head went back so did his hips,
then when she sucked him back into her mouth, he thrust his cock
deeper into her hot, sucking mouth.  Unable to stop himself, he drove
his cock into her mouth deeper with every stroke.  Still, she didn't
stop.  If anything, she sucked harder as he fucked her face.  Out of
control, Bobby shuddered as he felt the pool of molten cum in his
balls begin to boil and bubble as it sought release.  The eminent
eruption grew nearer and nearer as his mother's mouth bobbed back and
forth on his cock.  

All at once, a great lancing shock of pleasure shot out from his
balls.  Feeling them explode, he grabbed hold of his mother's head and
held onto it as he savagely fucked her face.

"OHGODCANTSTOPCUMMINGMOTHER!" he blathered out as his cock erupted
inside her mouth.

Expecting her to push him away, he was shocked when she continued to
suck and pull at his erupting penis.  She didn't even flinch as she
took the first gusher of his thick, hot cream.  Swallowing it eagerly,
she waited for more.  Even after the first giant gusher, she continued
to pull and suck on him.  As she did, his cock jerked again and
spurted out another thick stream of his rich semen into her mouth.
She hungrily swallowed it too.  Again and again, his cock bucked and
spewed gush after gush of potent, hot cum into her mouth, but she took
all he could give without complaint.  It was as if she was trying to
suck his body dry.  

At last his cock finally stopped shooting off and slowly began to
shrivel and shrink back down to some semblance of normalcy.  Bobby
felt so drained and exhausted, he could barely stand as his mother
slowly let his retreating manhood slither out of her mouth.  As it
flopped out of her mouth, he stumbled back. Then he nearly fainted as
she looked up at him.  Staring into his eyes, she slowly ran her
tongue around her full, red lips, lapping up the small amount of cum,
his cum, that had escaped during their fall from God's grace.

As he had stumbled backwards, he would have fallen on his butt if he
hadn't slumped against the table.  Exhausted, he leaned against the
table and looked over at their tormentor.  The man had the bottle of
wine turned up and was draining it.  Bobby couldn't help noticing that
the man's big cock was almost fully erect.  Fearful of what would come
next, Bobby watched the man set the bottle down.  Then, with a sense
of arrogance, Bobby realized that his cock was longer than the man's.
At least a couple of inches longer, and thicker too, he smugly
thought.

"That was quite a shew," the man said, the alcohol beginning to
influence his speech, "but now it is time for the really big shew,
huh, Mom."

"I don't think I've seen any Mom give better head," he chuckled as he
lurched around the table toward them.  "I can't wait to get those big,
soft lips of yours wrapped around my old codder."

Bobby felt his stomach heave with disgust as he realized what the man
was going to make his mother do.

"Just watch, boy," the man leered, waving the gun at Bobby for
emphasis, "and I'll give you a few pointers for the nuxt time your
dear old Mom sucks on you."

Bobby looked on with disgust and hate as the man shoved his thick,
bobbing prick into Doreen's face.

She had no choice.  She quickly opened her mouth.  Then leaning
forward, she sucked the man's disgusting cock into her mouth.

Bobby had never felt such rage.  He wanted to strangle the man as he
watched his mother's mouth bob up and down on the stranger's gross
penis.  Strangely, not only did he feel hatred, but there also a
strong element of jealousy intertwined with the hate.  Only moments
before his mother had been sucking his cock and that was acceptable,
but now the stranger had taken her from him.  Bobby couldn't stand it.
He never wanted his mother to have any other man's cock in her mouth.
She was his.  He had to possess her every way possible, but first he
had to get rid of the stranger.  But how.  The man had a gun.  Then as
the man's eyes closed for a moment, Bobby glance quickly around the
table.  

There it was.  The answer.  The log that he had set down when the
stranger knock on the door was only an inch from his hand.  Slowly, as
his mother continued to suck on the stranger, Bobby moved his hand
toward the log.  His fingers brushed against it.  He could feel the
rough bark against his knuckles as his senses became more acute.  If
only, he could get hold of it.

Watching the man's movements growing more and more erratic, Bobby
realized that the man was getting more and more excited.  Waiting for
his chance, Bobby saw the man's eyes narrow and his legs begin to
strain and tense.  The moment was almost at hand.  As the man grew
more and more distracted, Bobby quickly wrapped his fingers around the
log.  Now all he had to do was wait for the opening. 

It came almost quicker than he expected.

"OHSHITIMCUMMMINNNNNG," the stranger gasped as he thrust his hips
forward driving his entire cock down into Doreen's throat.

Bobby heard his mother gag and saw the man squint his eyes as his hips
jerked back and forth wildly.  It was all the opening Bobby needed as
he brought the log all the way up from the table hitting the man in
the back of the head with all his strength.

"THOMP" went the log as it smashed into the back of the man's head.

Then everything began to move in slow motion as Bobby watched the
man's body stiffen for a second and then begin to fall. Like a broken
doll, the man toppled backwards, pulling his cock out of Doreen's
mouth.  As his cock flew out of Doreen's mouth, it sprayed her face
and breasts with its malignant load.  Like some obscene cannon, the
man's cock continued to spew and spurt even after he had slumped to
the floor.

As the man fell, Bobby dove for the gun.  Grabbing hold of the gun,
Bobby was surprised at how easily the gun slipped from the stranger's
lifeless fingers.  Grinning jubilantly, Bobby held the gun thrust up
in the air.

"Now who is the Boss, asshole," Bobby growled at the man's unmoving
body as he kicked him in the ribs.

The man didn't respond to the kick.

"Are you okay, Mom?" Bobby asked, poking the gun into the man's ribs
but still getting no reaction.

"Yes, uh, yes, uh, I think so," she mumbled shaking her head, "Oh,
God, Thank You Bobby.  I think you just saved our lives."

"Here, hold this on him while I get some rope and tie him up," Bobby
told her, handing her the gun, "and shoot the son-of-a-bitch if he so
much as twitches a muscle."

"Okay, I think I can do that," she said coldly, "maybe I'll do it even
if he doesn't move."

"Good," Bobby grinned crazily, the heat of battle still thick in his
blood.

Bobby couldn't help glancing down at his mother's beautiful breasts as
he jumped up and started across the room.  Strangely, neither of them
was worried about their nudity, he thought as he brought the rope back
to the stranger.

The man looked dead, but Bobby found a pulse when he lifted the man's
arms up. It was a weak, thready pulse, but a pulse nonetheless.  Too
bad for the intruder, but he should have thought of that before he
busted in on them.  Even if they wanted to get him to the hospital,
there was no way they could make it down the mountain at night in this
rain.  And at the moment, Bobby was in no mood to coddle the man
anyway.

Bobby quickly trussed the stranger up.  When he was finished, he took
him by the arms and drug him slowly across the room and into the
bedroom.  Pulling him onto the big rug by the bed, he looked around
the room to see if there was anything the man could use for a weapon
should he wake up.  He didn't see anything so he rolled the man up in
the rug.  Standing up, he stared down at the man, not believing how
much he hated this man.  

Shaking his head in disgust, he left the room.  He quickly grabbed a
chair and drug it up to the door.  Wedging it under the knob, he
secured the room.  Shaking the chair, he was finally satisfied that
the man couldn't escape.

Strolling back into the main room, Bobby stopped at the pantry and
pulled out another bottle of wine.  Opening it, he picked up two
glasses and headed for the couch where his mother still sat.  As he
walked up, he saw that she hadn't moved. She still sat on the couch
with the gun resting in her lap.  She made no effort to cover herself
as he walked up.  He was naked, too, but for some reason, it didn't
seem to matter all that much after what they had just been through.

His mother didn't even seem to notice he had returned as she sat
staring into the fire.  He filled the glasses with wine and sat down
beside her.

"Here, mother," he said, holding the glass out to her, "Let's drink to
our victory."

"What, uh, what," she stiffened, offhandedly taking the glass of wine,
"what did you say?"

"I said let's drink to our victory'," he repeated himself, tapping
her glass with his, "we beat the son-of-a-bitch."

"Oh, I guess we did," she smiled weakly as she took a sip of the wine,
"At least you did."

"I couldn't have done it without your help," Bobby said, regretting
what he had said before the words were out of his mouth.

"I sure did," she murmured, taking another sip of wine as one lone
tear slowly ran down her cheek.

Bobby didn't know what to do.  He watched her as she slowly sipped her
wine and stared into the fire.  He was still captivated by her beauty.
Strangely, he had never thought of his mother in a sexual sense before
today.  Now, it was the only thing on his mind.

Then, almost as if she was coming out of a fog, she turned toward him
and slowly ran her eyes up and down his body.

Bobby was abruptly torn between pride and shame as his cock slowly
began to stiffen and grow.

To his amazement, her eyes lingered on his developing erection for
several seconds, making it grow even faster.

"You're still naked," she finally said slowly and distinctly.

Then she looked down at herself.

"And so am I," she added.

"After all we've been through, clothes don't seem to be as important
as they were before," he mumbled apologetically, "but if it bothers
you, I'll put on a towel."

"Huh, what," she said, making a half-hearted attempt to cover her
breasts with her arm, "I'm so tired, I don't know what to think."

"Hop up for a minute," he smiled at her, wrapping his towel around his
waist, "and I'll make the bed for you so you can take a nap while make
us something to eat."

"Okay," she smiled at him as she slowly got to her feet.

Bobby stood mesmerized by her beauty unable to keep from gawking at
her breasts as she rose from the couch.

"I think I'll clean up first," she grinned, emptying her glass of wine
and dropping her arms down to reveal her wondrous breasts to him once
again.

Then with a furtive smile, she turned and walked over to the bathroom.

Bobby followed her with his eyes drinking in the loveliness of her
delectable backside.  He couldn't explain the feelings that were
boiling inside his head.  Desire, jealousy, guilt, wonder, lechery,
shame, and need were all tumbling about getting intertwined and
mutating.  Suddenly, he knew that he must make love to her, somehow,
some way, tonight.

The thoughts had taken their toll and by the time his mother returned,
the front of the towel he was ballooning out obscenely.  Underneath
the towel, his hard, jutting cock throbbed with incestuous desire.  He
was delighted to see that she was still naked as she slowly ambled up
to where he stood, her breasts wiggling enchantingly.

"There," he said, stepping back and sweeping his arms over the bed in
pantomime, "Slumber awaits M'lady."

"I hope so," she smiled at him, her eyes quickly flitting down to the
conspicuous bulge under the towel, "but it is obvious that sleeping
isn't paramount in your thought."

"Uh, I'm sorry, Mom," he apologized, trying to cover the giant lump
with his hand, "I just can't stop it."

"It's okay," she smiled tiredly leaning over and giving his a soft
kiss on the cheek, "I think I understand."

Bending over to get into the bed, her hand brushed up against his
obvious erection causing it to jump and jerk underneath the material.

"I'm sorry, Mother, there's nothing I can do to stop it," he futilly
explained.

"I know," she murmured, closing her eyes, "you don't have to
apologize.  It is just a natural reaction."

"Yeah, that's it," he smiled, "it's natural for me to react this way."

"Unh-huh," she mumbled sleepily, "natural."

The rain continued to hammer down on the cabin roof as Bobby watched
his mother crawl under the covers.  Reaching down, he tucked her in.  

As she closed her eyes, he stood staring down at her for several
minutes.  Finally, he tiptoed over to the cabinet and prepared them a
snack.  After that, he went over to the window.  It was already dark
outside.  What a day it had been.  It would be a day that he could
never forget.

Smiling to himself, he got out the lanterns and lit them.  Carrying a
lantern with him, he went into the back room to check on their
prisoner.  Stopping outside the door, he listened for a few moments
then opened the door.  The man hadn't moved, so Bobby closed the door
and repositioned the chair.



The Stranger - Part 2

Outside, the rain was still coming down in sheets as the wind slammed
against the cabin. The gods were enraged and were unleashing their
fury on the little cabin.  With storm raging outside and Bobby felt
like he and his mother were cut off from the world.  Bobby felt a
strange detachment as he faced new passions that had been born on this
tempestuous  day.  The almost deafening sound of the rain beating down
on the roof made rational thought almost impossible.  The sound, so
loud and invasive seemed to permeate his very soul driving him a
little crazy.  His irrational mood wasn't helped by the bottle of wine
he had consumed while his mother slept.  

Glancing down at his watch, he saw that it was already Eleven o'clock
and his mother hadn't moved since she had fallen asleep. 

Weaving slightly, Bobby went to check on the stranger for the
umpteenth time.  The man hadn't moved either, but was still breathing.


"Boy, I must have really conked the son-of-a bitch good," he laughed
drunkenly as he left the room.  

Walking unsteadily, he returned to the fireplace.  Looking over at the
couch, he saw that his mother was still sleeping.  Standing with his
back to the fire, he stood warming himself as he watched his mother
sleep.  She was lying on her back and the swell of her big, round
breasts jutted up beautifully under the thin sheet.  As he watched the
slow rise and fall of her breasts, the image of her sucking on his
cock came floating back into his mind.  This was at least the
hundredth time he had replayed the scene in his mind.  In fact, he had
walked around all night with an incredible hard on just thinking about
it.

Now the overpowering sound of the rain, the deadening of his
inhibitions by the wine, and the craving in his groin were driving him
crazy with desire.  He knew that underneath the thin sheet, she was
naked.  That sheet and the thin veneer of decency were the only things
protecting her from the burning hunger in his heart. 

He had never felt this way before.  But then his mother had never
sucked him off either.  When he had cum in her mouth, it had tripped a
circuit breaker in his brain.  Now he could think of nothing else but
having sex with her.  As hideous and perverse as it was, he wanted to
fuck his mother.  He wanted to become one of nature's most despised
fiends.  He wanted to become a Mother-fucker.

His cock, swollen and hard, throbbed painfully underneath the towel
wrapped around his waist.  It felt like he had a baseball bat sticking
out of his belly as he watched her sleep.  

Would she never wake up?  She had been sleeping for five hours now.
While she had slept, he had paced back and forth trying to talk
himself out of the shameful things he wanted to do to her.  But no
matter how hard he tried, he always came back to the image of her
sucking his cock.  When he did, the fires of desire grew higher and
hotter. 

Finally, he could take it no longer.  With trembling fingers, he
untied his towel and let it drop to the floor.  Now facing his mother,
he took his huge, painfully swollen manhood in his hand and slowly
stroked it.  

What if she woke and found him beating his meat right in front of her?
What would she do?  It was wickedly exciting to stand in front of her
and masturbate.  Even if she was asleep, there was the danger of her
waking up.  He couldn't believe how hard his cock had grown.  It was
harder than granite.

Running his hand up and down the massive pillar of meat, he knew that
he ought to go ahead and cum.  That would be the only way to douse the
fiery rage in his belly.  As he stroked himself harder and harder, he
felt the eruption gathering in his balls.  Giving his cock one final
stroke, he stopped.  His whole body was tottering on the brink of
ejaculation, but he wanted her too badly to spill his seed on the
floor.  He had to plant it deep inside her fertile garden where she
had given him life so very long ago.  

Even in his crazed state of mind, he realized that it was his mother
that he wanted to fuck.  His mother.  What in heaven's name made him
think that she would let him fuck her?  Why would she?  This wasn't
some little stroll in the park.  THIS WAS INCEST.  Not only was it
sinfully wicked, it was illegal.  Against the laws of man and nature.
What a horrible son he was.  In his selfish rage, he wanted her to
place her soul in jeopardy for him.  Risk spending eternity in the
bowels of hell for him.  Why would she consent to such an act of
depravity?

"I'm going crazy," he mumbled out loud, watching his big, bloated
penis bob up and down evilly.

Then he heard his mother moan softly and turn in her sleep.  As she
did, the sheet covering her slipped down exposing one of her
mountainous breasts.  His cock abruptly stood at attention as he
stared down at the big pink melon with its rose-colored cap.

Then something inside of him snapped.  There was no way he could stop
himself now.  Their fate was sealed.

Taking a deep, shuddering breath, he stole over to the couch.  As he
did, his aching cock jutted out defiantly eager for conquest.

As his knees nudged up against the couch, he paused for a moment.
This was his last chance.  He knew that if he got under the covers
with her, there would be no stopping him.  He would even resort to
rape if she resisted him.

He couldn't stop.  His brain was now mush and the primitive reflexes
of his body had taken over.  There was now no way to stop the
violation of his mother. 

He slowly reached down and timidly lifted the sheet up.  His cock
angrily jumped with excitement as he stared down at her naked body.
She was so beautiful.  He felt his knees buckle and he nearly fell as
he drank in her beauty. 

Finally, after several moments, he was able to move again. Inching his
knee up on the couch, he ever so slowly slipped under the sheet and
lay down beside her.  Lying there, barely breathing, he waited to see
if she would wake up.  

When she didn't move after several moments, he ever so slowly inched
nearer and nearer to her.  At last, he was lying so close, he could
feel the heat emanating from her body.  Pausing one last time, he
gathered his courage for the final assault.  With his heart in his
throat and his cock throbbing painfully, he timidly reached out and
touched her arm. 

Her skin was hot and soft.  Soft as a baby's skin.  He could now smell
the clean, fresh fragrance of soap.  There was something about the
smell that made him feel all warm and happy.  The scent must have
dredged up some long forgotten memories of his childhood.  Maybe he
remembered it from the time he used to nurse her big, soft tits.
Whatever it was, it made him feel good inside. 

She still didn't move as he caressed her arm with his fingers.

Growing bolder, he gently scooted over and snuggled up against her
warm softness.  

"Ummmnnnnnnn," she sighed. 

After waiting for a few moments to see he she would wake up, he slowly
moved his hand down off her arm and over onto the swollen softness of
her breast.  Pausing for a few seconds again, he began to explore the
smooth roundness of her breast until his fingers found a soft,
protruding nipple.   He felt his dick lurch with excitement as he
gently pulled at the soft, little knot of flesh.  His mind, awash in
hormones, took delight as he delicately rubbed his mother's soft,
springy nipple between his finger and thumb.  Slowly, it began to
harden.  Feeling it respond to his touch, he began to knead it with
more enthusiasm It grew harder and harder.  He couldn't believe it.
His mother's nipple was getting hard.  She must be feeling something,
he reasoned.

Was a woman like a man, he wondered?  Did a woman's nipples get hard
when they got excited, like a man's dick did?

It must, he told himself.  And if that were the case, his mother was
getting excited because her nipple was very hard now. Growing bolder
by the moment, he slowly opened his hand and began to fondle and
massage her whole breast.

When she didn't move to stop him, he took it as approval.  Cuddling up
closer to her, he cautiously mashed his throbbing cock up against her
hot, soft thigh.  Rocking his hips back and forth slowly, he stroked
himself against her leg as his hand brazenly explored her breasts.
His hand soon found the other nipple.  He found it was swollen and
puffy.  Relishing the feel of her big, rubbery nipple, he teased and
toyed with it for a few moments.  

"Ummmmmmmffllllllsggoooooddddd," his mother softly sighed as he played
with her breasts. 

Her voice had initially startled him and he had jerked his hand away.
But, when he heard what she said, he quickly returned his hand to her
breast.  Gently squeezing and fondling the soft, resilient mounds of
gelatinous flesh, he wondered what his next step should be..

Then a jolt of electricity tore through his cock as he felt his
mother's soft, warm fingers brush over it.  Then his mother slowly
rolled over to face him.  Suddenly, her mouth found his.  As their
lips ground together, her tongue dove inside his mouth at the same
instance her hand wrapped itself around his throbbing penis. He almost
came as she impaled him with her tongue and her hand began to move up
and down on his cock.  This couldn't be happening, he thought as he
hungrily kissed her.  As their tongues twisted and entwined, she made
soft, whimpering sounds. Then he felt the soft, furry mound of her
pussy grind against his leg.

They kissed, long and hard.  As they kissed, they pressed their bodies
together violently.  Finally, after what seemed like hours, they
finally broke for breath.

"Make Love to me, baby.  Make love to Mommy," she panted.

Bobby couldn't believe his ears as his mother quickly disentangled
herself from him and rolled over onto her back.

"Make what he made us do part of something loving between us," she
groaned spreading her long, lovely legs and clawing at him.

Throwing the covers off,  Bobby feverishly scrambled to his hands and
knees.  Clambering up between his mother's outstretched legs, he found
himself towering above her, staring down at his throbbing, dancing
cock. 

"Oh, God," he gasped as he felt her hand grab his cock and tug it down
toward her womanhood.

Feverishly, she guided the jutting monstrosity down toward the wet,
gaping core of her femininity.  

Dipping his hips, he felt her hurriedly rub the head of his giant cock
up and down the weeping furrow of her pussy.  She was so wet, his
cockhead was quickly covered with a coating of her hot, bubbly pussy
juice.  Then, pulling harder on his cock, she frantically fitted the
great, swollen penishead into the fiery socket of her cunt. 

Then he was inside her.  He couldn't believe how hot and wet it was
inside of her cunt.  He had never felt such hellish heat.  Her fiery,
clutching cunt was so hot, it felt like his penis was being blistered.


What if their incestuous coupling has so incensed the gods, they had
turned her vagina into a hell on earth for him.  If so, he thought,
easing his cock down into her, he would gladly go to hell for
eternity.  In fact, he would gladly live in hell forever. 

He had never felt such wicked pleasure.  He was so overcome with
passion, he almost passed out as he forced his huge penis deeper into
her hot, sucking pit.  All at once, it was buried inside of her all
the way up to its hairy hilt.  She had taken every last millimeter of
his nine inch monster without a complaint.  

"Oh, Fuck," he grunted as he ground his belly against hers. 

"OH, Bobby, you're so Fucking big," she grunted as she pressed her
pussy up against him, "So Fucking big."

He lay atop of her for several moments luxuriating in the feel of her
hot, tight pussy clinging to his throbbing cock.  Her pussy was so
tight and wet and hot and clenching.  It was all he could do to keep
from cumming right there.  

Then the magnitude of their unholy coupling struck him.

HE WAS FUCKING HIS MOTHER.  His loving, caring, beautiful mother.  He
was fucking the woman who had carried him in her belly.  This woman
who had nurtured him while he was in her body.  He was fucking his
mother who had created him and brought him into this world.  Now he
had returned to that sacred place in her body.  He had reentered her
hallowed garden.  She was letting him plow the inviolable core of her
motherhood.  She had invited him to posses her.  She had taken him
inside of her willingly.  Now was about to plant his seed in the rich,
fertile depths of her womanhood.  It was just too much for his brain
to accept and it shorted out. 

As his cerebral functions shut down, his body took over.  Abruptly,
his hips rocketed into motion.  He couldn't stop himself as he began
to pound his cock in and out of her like a
demon.

Then after several moments, his brain began to function again.  He
entered another plane.  He wanted to fuck his mother so hard that they
became one.  He wanted to make love to her in such a way, their
spirits would meld together and be the same.  Crying tears of love and
affection,  Bobby hammered his cock into the deep, hot wetness of her
womanhood violently.  He drove his cock into her so deep and
powerfully, it knocked the breath out of her.

Then as he felt her gasping for breath, she began to quiver and shake.
Then with a gasp, she started breathing again and her cunt clenched
down around his cock so tight, he couldn't move.  Then with a lurch,
his mother began to twitch and shake under him.

"Oh, FUCK, Oh, FUCK, Yes, Bobby, Oh, Yes, Bobby, Cumming," she gurgled
as her pussy held onto his prick tightly, imprisoning it deep inside
of her spasming cunt.

That was all he could take.  Suddenly, his gigantic weapon recoiled
and exploded inside her cunt.  The first massive eruption of his
thick, boiling cum immediately filled her sucking cunt to the point of
overflowing.  Then as held himself thrust deep into her, his massive
cannon fired again and again sending more and more fiery jellied
bullets into his mother's saturated pussy.  He lost count of the times
his body was overwhelm by the most intense pleasure he had ever
experienced.  At last, his cock spurted its last wad of cum into her.
As he regained sanity, he could feel his expended cum oozing out of
his mother's battered cunt, coating his dangling balls with its sticky
hotness.

As he felt his mother's body melt underneath him, it still took
several more moments for her powerful cuntal muscles to relax.  

Once he felt the muscles of her cunt begin to relax and release their
death-hold on his cock,  he began to slide his monstrous ramrod in and
out of her drenched cunt again.  

"Oh, God, Is my Bobby going to make love Mommy again?" she murmured,
meeting his thrusts with her own.

"Yes, Mommy," he growled, picking up the pace and sliding his hot meat
into her faster and faster, "Bobby is going to make love Mommy all
night long and make her forget all about this afternoon."

"Oh, Bobby, you are such a good son," she laughed softly, reaching up
and pulling him down to her.

Holding his face between her hands, she kissed him long and hard.  

He stopped fucking her as he returned the kiss.

After several moments, she finally broke the kiss and slid her hands
down his back to his ass.  Suddenly, she grabbed hold of his ass,
roughly digging her fingernails into his skin. 

"Make love me then, Bobby, hard and deep, all night long," she growled
digging her long sharp nails into his ass harder.

"All night long," she repeated as she lifted her legs up and wrapped
them around his waist.  	

"FUCK YOUR MOTHER ALL NIGHT LONG," she urged him, digging her heels
into his ass. 

Bobby quickly complied with her request and began to pound into her
cunt unmercifully.

They fucked and fucked, their pubic bones pounding together every time
their bodies met in the incestuous marriage they formed.  He could
hear his mother squeal and moan every time his bloated cock plumbed
the depths of her cunt. 

In and out his cock sawed, his mother's tender pussy-hole squishing
audibly as it sucked hungrily on his huge, young prick.

An hour went by, but their bodies still crashed together like two
animals fighting for supremacy.  As they fucked, he felt the waves of
several orgasms sweep over her, making her shake and writhe under him.
Every time she climaxed, her cunt clenched down around her son's
massive penis sending forth thick streams of cunt juice and cum
gushing out onto the couch. 

She must have felt the pistoning urgency of her son's pounding hips as
he fucked her when finally after an hour and a half of pure, ball
bashing fucking, Bobby's hips slammed down on her and he began to cum
in long, hard squirts.  As he shoved his cock down deep inside of her,
she felt it shoot fountains of cum into her.

Bobby grunted and groaned as he kept his huge penis buried deep inside
of her letting it empty creamy load after load into her.  Finally, it
jerked and sent the last large gob of cum spewing out into her cunt. 

Rolling off his mother, Bobby tried to catch his breath.  

"My God, Bobby," his mother panted as she tried to catch her breath,
too.  "I've never been fucked like that before.  Never, ever."

"Did you like it?" he grinned reaching for the bottle of wine.  

He refilled their glasses and handed hers to her as he waited for her
to answer.

"It was breathtaking," she finally sighed, quickly downing the glass
of wine, "but a little frightening, too."

"Frightening?" he asked her, refilling her glass.

"Yes, frightening," she repeated herself, downing another glass of
wine.

"How?" he asked.

"It is just a little unsettling to find out that your dear, sweet,
little son is not so little any more," she frowned slightly, pausing
before she continued.

"And it is kind of scary to see your son grow to a man right in front
of your eyes," she went on, "One minute you were still my dear, sweet
little boy and the next you were this man with a huge penis."

"Why does that scare you?" he asked her, refilling her glass for the
third time.


"It is frightening to know that the little boy you raised," she smiled
sadly, "is all grown up and I mean, all grown up."

"But, I'm still your little boy," he smiled mischievously.

"Oh, I know that you will always be my little boy in some ways," she
responded, "but what we did tonight will change you in so many ways.
You won't even notice them, but I will know that they are there."

"Huh?" he asked with a puzzled look on his face.

"I never knew you had so much pent up passion and fury locked inside
of you," she said, sipping her wine.

"You find that scary?" he asked.

"Just a little," she laughed nervously.

"Why?, you know that I could never, ever hurt you."

"Probably," she said softly, slowly running her finger down his chest,
over his stomach to his dormant penis, "but such passion could be hard
to control if you became jealous of me."

"You're right there," he agreed, softly caressing the soft, satiny
skin of her thigh, "I wanted to kill that man this afternoon, and I
still do."

"But what about your father?" she asked him, gently teasing the
sensitive little cleft under the corona of his cockhead, "you know we
have to go home sometime."

"I don't want to think about that now," he complained, "I just want to
make love to forever and forever, starting right now."

"Again? So soon?" she asked, looking down in surprise as his cock
struggled to raise its big, bloated head once again.

"You said you wanted me to fuck you all night long," he told her
glancing down at his watch, "and it is only three in the morning."

"All night long," she said softly, "Fuck me all night long.  My son
wants to fuck me all night long."

"We still have three or four hours before it gets light," he smiled,
taking the empty glasses and setting them on the floor by the couch.

"All night long," she whispered, slowly rolling over on her back and
spreading her legs, "yes, Bobby, fuck me all night long. Fuck your
dear old mother all night long."

Bobby rolled over between her outstretched legs.  Reaching down, he
quickly guided the swollen purple head of his cock down and fitted it
into the meaty opening between his mother's legs.  Then with one quick
thrust, he buried himself into her all the way to the hilt.

"Oh, Fuck, Yes," his mother hissed, "Fuck me with that monster of
yours.  Fuck me all night long."

Outside it rained and inside it fucked.  All night long. 

They fucked with long, slow strokes.  They fucked with Bobby on top
pounding his cock down into her furiously until they both came.  They
fucked with Bobby on his knees behind her, doggy style as he used her
big, pendant breasts to pull her back onto his slashing cock.  They
fucked with his mother riding his towering Goliath.  They even fucked
with Bobby lying on his back and his mother lying on his stomach being
pierced from below.  Only stopping occasionally to catch their breath
and take a drink of wine every once in a while, they fucked all night
long.

As they fucked a frothy foam of churned semen and love juice covered
both of them from the waist down.  Still they fucked.

"Fuck, Mommy, Cumming again," Bobby belched out for the fourth time.

"Good boy, Bobby," she groaned, tightening her cunt down around his
jerking cock, "fill Mommy's cunt up one more time."

After nine other orgasms, his battered and bruised cock was only
capable of a couple of little jerks spewing only a spoonful or two of
thin, watery cum into her.

"Did it, Mommy, last time," he groaned, rolling off her and jerking
his spent weapon out of her foam covered cunt.

The room was now filled with a soft, dreary light as the rain
continued to fall outside.

The cups of thick, rich cream he had shot into her had mixed with her
juices as they fucked.  As they fucked, it had leaked out of her.
They had churned it into a frothy white foam that covered her
underbelly, matting down her cunt hairs.  

"God, Mother, what is this?" Bobby asked looking down at the frothy
coating covering his mother's belly.

"I've heard it called Love Butter, Baby," she smiled, dipping her
finger into the foamy white froth.  "I've never seen it before, but
you must have shot so much cum into me and fucked me so long, you
churned it into Love Butter."

Dragging her finger through the thick, creamy froth, she scraped up a
drollop.  Bringing it to her mouth, she licked it off her finger.

"It tastes like us," she smiled at him, scraping another gob up and
licking it off her finger.  "I can taste you and I can taste me."

"Kinda of like making a baby," he smiled at his mother lovingly.
"Part of you and part of me."

"Yes, like making a baby," she returned his smile, licking another
drollop from her finger, "Bunches and bunches of babies.  Millions of
babies."

"Can I lick the babies off your tummy, Mother?" he asked her scooting
down between her legs.

"Oh, my wonderful baby can do anything he wants to Mother," she cooed,
running her hand through his sweat drenched hair, "Anything, he
wants."

Within moments, Bobby was hungrily lapping the Love Butter off his
mother's belly.  Then when it was gone, he attacked her clitoris with
his tongue bringing her to one final orgasm.  Just as she did, Bobby
heard a distant rumble of thunder as if one of the gods was voicing
disgust at their behavior. 


Fantasy Number 52C
(The Stranger - Part Three)

Bobby slowly opened his eyes.  It took him a few moments to remember
where he was as he looked at the clock over the refrigerator.  It was
already three o'clock in the afternoon.  Where had the day gone?

He wracked his brain trying to remember.  Suddenly, with a shock, it
all came roaring back into his brain.

	"Could it have been a dream or had it really happened?" he asked
himself.

Down deep inside, he hoped that it had really happened, but he knew
that the probability of that was small.  Just then he caught the
fragrance of his mother's perfume, erotic and mysterious floating in
the air.  Breathing in deeply, he savored its smell.  He loved the
smell of her perfume.  Then he gradually became aware of the heavy
scent musk in the air. The smell of sex was so strong, it almost
masked his mother's perfume.  The air in the room reeked with it.

He suddenly became aware of his mother sleeping beside him.  He could
feel the heat from her body and sense the rhythmic rise and fall of
the sheets with every breath she took.  But that didn't really mean
anything.  She could have gotten cold during the night and came in to
be next to the fire.  How would he know?  

Finally, his mind began to work again.  What was she wearing?  Did she
have her pajamas on?  That would be the key.  He knew that he was
naked, but he always slept in the nude, so that didn't mean anything.


He had to find out what she wore underneath the thin sheet that
covered her.  Was she wearing anything, or was she naked.  Just the
thought of her lying next to him naked sent a spasm of excitement
tearing through his cock.  He had to know.  

Timidly, he ever so carefully reached down and slowly lifted the sheet
that covered them both.  Then taking a deep breath, he peered under
it.

GOD, HIS MOTHER WAS NAKED.  So it hadn't been a dream. He felt another
jolt of excitement spark through his cock as he realized that It must
have really happened.reran the whole erotic episode through his mind.

It had really happened. He had actually fucked his mother.  Feeling
his prick rapidly begin to harden, he ran his hand down to it.  He
found it covered with dried secretions of thier love-making.  God, he
had fucked his mother.  Just like he remembered.

Suddenly he felt a deep, overwhelming tenderness toward her as he
stared at her lovely face.  She was a beautiful woman and he loved her
so much.  His heart was so full of love for her, it ached.   

Feeling overwhelmed by his love for her, he knew that what he felt for
her was much more than just love.  He still loved her as his mother,
but now there was more.  He loved as a lover, too.  He wanted to have
her as his own.  He didn't want to share her with any one else.  He
had unexpectedly become extremely jealous of her.  Even after making
love to her all night long, he found himself wanting her again. 

As his cock continued to tingle and grow, he slowly peeled the sheet
down off her body.  He still thought her breasts were the most
beautiful breasts he had ever seen.  He adoringly watched them as they
rose and fell with each breath she took.  He was tempted to take one
of the big, bulging nipples in his mouth, but knew that he had other
things to do first. That could come later.  At least he hoped that it
would, but he didn't know how she would react to their incestuous
rendezvous. 

Begrudgingly, he gently rolled out of bed.  Standing up, he saw that
his cock was already half hard again.  Smiling with smugness, he
walked over to the window and looked out.  The skies were gradually
clearing. While dark and foreboding clouds were still whipping across
the sky, there was an occasional glimpse of blue sky through them.
The rain had tapered off dramatically.  There was now only an
intermittent spattering of rain as the heavier clouds went overhead.
It looked like the rains were over, but the trail down the mountain
would probably still be impassable.

He stood watching the clouds float by for a few moments, then he
turned and plodded back to the room where he had imprisoned the
stranger.  Opening the door, he saw that the man still hadn't moved.
Bending over him, Bobby reached down to feel for a pulse.  The instant
he touched the man, he jerked his hand back in shock.  He knew there
was no reason to check for a pulse.  The man's skin was cold to the
touch and rigor mortis had set in.  He was obviously dead.

Bobby broke out in a cold sweat as he stood looking down at the
corpse.

Oh, Shit, what have I done?  Will I have to go to jail for killing
him?  It had been self-defense, hadn't it?  Oh, God, I hope that they
believe me.  

Stumbling back out of the room, he closed the door and locked it.  Why
had he locked the door?  It was fairly obvious that the man wasn't
going anywhere.

	"Are you all right?" he heard his mother call from the couch as he
reeled out of the room.

	"Uh, uh, Yeah, uh, sure," he stammered, "uh, gotta use bathroom."

Rushing into the bathroom, he closed the door and tried to gather his
thoughts.

What could he do?  It was patently clear that there wasn't much he
could do for the cadaver in the back room.  He had already done all he
could for the stranger.  He had helped him find his maker.  

Would he have to go to jail for killing the man?  It was self-defense
wasn't it?  Kind of, anyway.  Hell, they hadn't asked the man to come
into their cabin.  He had just burst in and taken over.  He had
brought it all on himself.

Well, it was all water under the bridge now.  What would come, would
come.  

Splashing his face with cold water, he looked into the mirror.  His
eyes were immediately drawn down to his groin where his cock now
dangled down lifelessly.  The shock of seeing the dead man had
momentairly deflated his love sword.  He also saw that his groin was
still covered with dry semen.  With a sudden sense of shame, he
quickly stepped into the shower to wash away the evidence of his
transgression.  As he showered, the shock of finding the man dead
began to wane.  Obscene thoughts of what he and his mother had done
were already filling his mind again.  If it hadn't been for the dead
man, his mother would still be his mother and not his lover, too.  As
much as he hated the man, he had to thank him for that.

Drying off, he threw the towel on the hamper and started for the door.
As he started to turn the doorknob, he realized that he was about to
brazenly walk out into the presence of his mother without a stitch of
clothes on.  What would she think?  Would she think him arrogant and
insolent, parading his conquest before her?  It would probably be more
discreet to cover himself and not flaunt his nudity in front of her.
After all, she was still his mother.

Quickly wrapping a towel around his waist, he opened the door and
walked out of the bathroom.

	"What's wrong, you sounded upset?" his mother asked him.

Looking over to where she sat, he saw that she was making no attempt
to cover her herself as she sat on the couch smiling at him.  The
sheet they had slept under had fallen down and was draped across her
legs.

A tiny spark of excitement shot through his cock as his eyes quickly
dipped down to her big, drooping breasts.

	"Did I do something wrong last night?" she asked him.

	"Oh, No, NO," he blurted out, "Last night was was unbelievable."

	"Well, what is wrong?" she yawned, stretching and sending her breasts
into a spasm of jiggling and wiggling. 

	"Uh, the man," he started to say.

	"What is wrong with him?" his mother interrupted, "Is he okay?"

	"I don't think so," Bobby said, walking over to the couch.

	"Do I need to look at him?" she asked him, sliding her long, tanned
legs out from under the covers, "I took a course in first aid once,
even though I think it is more than he deserves."

	"Well," he hesitated, "unless you know how to bring him back from the
dead, you would be wasting your time."

	"WHAT?" she gasped, her face turning as white as the sheet draped over
her thighs.

	"He's dead," Bobby said emphatically.

	"Dead?" 

	"I'm afraid so.  Gone to meet his maker.  Dead.  Beyond help.  However
you want to say it."

	"Oh, My Goodness,"

Bobby sat down by his mother and took her hands in his.  They sat this
way for several minutes staring into each other's eyes.  Neither of
them spoke until at last, Bobby squeezed her hand.

	"There was nothing we could do to keep him alive," 

	"I guess not," she shivered. "but it is spooky having a dead man in
the back room."

	"Well," he smiled at her, "at least he won't be bothering us any more.
Now we are all alone."

	"Yes, I suppose we are," she said, "all alone."

	"I'm sorry that he died," she said softly, "but we didn't do anything
wrong."

	"That's right," he agreed, unable to stop from looking down at her
breasts as they quivered and shook eroticly.

	"He brought it on himself," she said softly.

	"Right," he agreed again.

	"Well, fuck him," she said, venom creeping into her voice, "I'm not
going to let what he did ruin my life."

	"I agree," Bobby smiled mischieviously, brazenly looking down at his
mother's exposed breasts once again.

	"Oh," his mother laughed softly when she saw him staring at her
breasts, "and why is it that you have my love-toy covered up?"

	"I didn't want to seem to obvious," he said, blushing slightly, "in
case you were having second thoughts about what we had done."

	"The only second thoughts I'm having is about having seconds," she
smiled, standing up and looking down at him.

	"You mean that you don't feel bad about what we did?"

	"Should I?" she asked, turning and heading for the bathroom, "I'll be
right back. Make us a snack and we can talk about it."

His eyes were automatically drawn down to her round, perfectly
proportioned ass as it wiggled and jiggled seductively with each step
she took.  

As his eyes followed her, he was surprised when she stopped at the
door of the bathroom.

Smiling proudly, she looked back over her shoulder at him.

	"You like?" she laughed softly, tossing her hair and stepping into the
bathroom.

This couldn't be happening.  His mother was treating him as an equal.
A lover.  A friend.  It was inconceivable, he thought as he watched
her disappear into the bathroom.

This woman was his mother.  The woman who had; wiped his ass when he
shit in his pants, made him clean his room; made him eat his veggies;
made him do all those distastful things that mothers make kids do.
Yes, she was this same mother, but now she was also something
different.  She wasn't just his mother.  She was treating him as man,
and a lover, not some foolish child.

He had expected her to show some remorse or anguish for what they had
done, but she didn't.  Not one iota.  Maybe she was hiding it for his
sake, but he didn't think so.  She didn't usually hide her feelings.

Listening, he heard the shower come on.  Picturing her standing under
the water, letting it run down her beautiful body, he got up.  His
cock was now fully inflated and standing at attention as he hurriedly
prepared them a hearty snack and opened a bottle of wine. Waiting for
her, he stood by the cabinet slowly stroking his cock and sipping on a
glass of wine.  She took longer than he had expected and he had almost
brought himself to the point of ejaculation several times and finished
two glasses of wine before he heard the bathroom door open.

Letting go of his throbbing prick, he held a glass of wine up and
saluted her as she walked out.

	"To the most beautiful woman in the world," he brashly exclaimed.

He almost dropped the glass as his eyes feasted on her beauty.

	"What?  Were you expecting something else," she brazenly laughed,
seeing that he couldn't take his eyes off her as she strolled toward
him.

	"Uh, No, I just can't get over how beautiful you are," he foundered,
openly gawking at her.

	"Well, let me see you, too," she chirped, walking up and jerking on
the knot that held his towel wrapped around his waist.

	"Oh," she gulped as the towel dropped to the floor exposing his ripe
hardness jutting out at her, "God, you have a lovely cock."

	Lovingly, she wrapped her hand around it and gently squeezed it
sending a shiver of pleasure coursing through it.

	He groaned as she intimately fondled his cock.  

Smiling at him mischievously, she turned her back to him.  Still
holding onto his bloated maleness, she inched back and wickedly rubbed
her ass up against it.  

As she slowly rubbed her soft, full rearend up against his swollen
manhood, Bobby reached around and took her breasts in his hands.  

	"God, I love your breasts," he murmured, familiarly fondling their
heavy indolence.  "They feel so soft and heavy.  Like they were full
of milk."

	"I'm sorry that I don't have any milk for my baby," she mewed, "but,
is there anything else my baby would like?"

	"Just let me fuck you, forever and ever," he told her, squeezing her
big, pendant breasts.

She let him paw her breast for a few moments as she played with his
rock hard penis.  Then she slowly leaned over the table.  Pulling away
from his groping, grasping hands she bent over until her body was bent
at almost a ninety degree angle over the table.  Thrusting her butt
back against him, she reached out and pulled the plate of snacks over
in front of her.  She slowly began to pick and eat the snacks as she
deliberately rubbed her ass against his resurgent manhood.

	"Does this give you any ideas?" she asked him, looking over her
shoulder and smiling at him.

	"God, Yes," he panted.

	"Well," she hinted, indecently leisurely spreading her legs apart.

Bobby hurriedly edged up between her widespread legs.  Reaching down,
he grasped his throbbing cock and pushed it up against the soft, wet
warmth between her legs.  Unable to see the opening of her womanhood,
he forcefully probed for it with the head of his cock.

Feeling him searching for her cunt, his mother mirrored the movement
of his cock with her pussy until all at once he felt the head of his
prick slip up into the hot wetness of her cunt.

	"Oh, Yes, put it in Baby," she cooed as she backed up against him,
"stick it in all the way in."

With one quick upward lunge, he buried all nine inches of his cock up
into the tight, clinching heat of his mother's pussy.

	"Oh, God, you make me feel so fucking vulgar, " she gurgled, rolling
her hips around as he banged his dick into her slowly and deeply. "You
make me feel like I've never been really fucked before."

	"I love to fuck you," he grunted, holding onto her hips and pounding
his cock up into the hot wetness of her dripping slit, "I could fuck
you forever and ever."

	"You are the world's best mother fucker," she laughed wickedly, "I
can't get enough of your giant mantoy."

	"Good" he grunted, continuing to slam his cock into her.

	"You can fuck me any way you want," she muttered, spreading her legs
wider apart for him, "I'll just keep coming back for more and more.
I'm afraid that I have become addicted to my son and his wonderful
cock."

	"God, Mother, I love you," he muttered, feeling the semen in his balls
begin to simmer and bubble.

	"I want you fuck me any way you want to," she laughed fiendishly.
"Wouldn't you like that?"
	
	"I'd love it," he blurted out pushing her down over the table and
accelerating the tempo of his assault on her pussy.

	"Oh, Yeah, Baby, fuck me hard and deep," she jabbered, pushing herself
back on him and taking everything he gave her.

The table creaked and groaned under their weight as he hammered his
cock into his mother.  Faster and faster, he fucked her until he felt
his balls were about to explode.

Suddenly, the room was filled with the loud, unmistakable sound of a
helicopter hovering directly above the cabin.

	"What the Fuck?" Bobby snorted as his hips stopped rocking back and
forth.

Standing motionless, they listened to the wop of the helicopter's
rotors overhead.
 
	"It sounds like a helicopter," his mother foolishly remarked as she
continued to milk his cock with her cunt.

	"No, shit," he said sarcastically.

	"No need to get nasty," she pouted as she stopped clenching his dick
with her pussy.

	"I'm sorry," he apologized, "I was just about to cum."

	"I know," she muttered, "so was I."


	"I wonder who it is and what do they want?" he groaned, unable to
withdraw his cock from its fiery haven.

	"HELLO THE CABIN," came back his answer from the helicopter.  "IS
ANYONE IN THE CABIN?"

	"Oh, Great, now what do we do?" he muttered,  finally stepping back
and easing his dripping prick out of his mother's drooling slit.

	"Ohhhhh, Baby," she cooed, "it feels so good to have you in me."

	"I know but if someone comes in," he grunted, "it probably wouldn't
look to good to find us fucking."

	"I know," she went on, "but it felt so good."

	"Now what?" he asked looking to her for guidance.

	"I think we had better answer them."

	"Great timing, huh," he complained, stumbling over to where their
clothes were strown all over the floor.

	"Yeah," she fussed, joining him.

Bobby hurriedly jerked on his pants and slipped on a shirt while his
mother stepped into a dress.  Meanwhile the chopper continued to hover
above the cabin.

	"IF THERE IS ANYONE IN THE CABIN, PLEASE STEP OUTSIDE WITH YOUR HANDS
ABOVE YOUR HEAD."

	"What' th," bobby muttered, "they sound serious."

	"Hurry up and let's go outside before they shoot tear gas or something
in here," she jabbered, starting for the door.

	"Mom, you had better put some panties on," he grinned foolishly,
"those helicopters kick up quiet a windstorm and I don't want anyone
else to see my, uh, my mother's beautiful pussy."

	"Oh, you silly twit," she laughed, running back over to the pile and
digging out a pair.  

	"Thanks for reminding me," she grinned pulling them on.

Waiting for his mother, Bobby opened the door and peeked outside.  The
trees and bushes were flailing about madly as small sticks and stones
pinged off the side of the house.

	"Wait her a minute," he hollered at his mother as she joined him at
the door, "I'll see if I can get them to back off a little."

	"Okay," she yelled back at him, using the door for protection against
the flying debris.

Stepping out onto the porch, Bobby raised his hands up above his head
and staggered toward the edge of the porch.  Struggling to maintain
his balance against the maelstrom  of wind being generated by the
helicopter, he stopped and peered up.

	"ARE YOU OKAY?" came the question from the red, white and blue chopper
hanging in the air above him.

	Shaking his head up and down as animatedly as he could, he motioned
for the helicopter to back off.

	"WE ARE GOING TO BACK OFF OVER TO THE FIELD AND LAND.  ARE YOU ALONE?"

Motioning for his mother to join him, he watched as she reeled out
from behind the door.   Then she lurched out onto the porch, bending
over and holding her dress down around her knees to keep it from
blowing up.

As she joined him, Bobby held his hand up and stuck up two fingers.

	"YOU ARE THE ONLY TWO IN THE CABIN?"

Bobby shook his head up and down vigorously again as they watched the
helicopter slowly back away.  As the helicopter turned, they both saw
the bold writing on its side and felt a shiver of fear run down their
spine.

They both turned and looked at each other.  What were the police doing
up coming to their cabin?

Well, now it was time to pay the piper, Bobby thought as he watched
the helicopter set down.  They both watched apprehensively as two
patrolman disembarked from the aircraft and sloshed their way toward
the cabin.

	"Are you folks okay?" one of them asked as they came close enough to
be heard.

	"Uh, yeah, uh, sure, why?" Bobby asked nervously.

	"Well, there is an escaped murder on the loose up here in the
mountains," the senior officer told him as they joined Bobby and his
mother on the porch.

	"Huh," Bobby gulped, "Really?"

	"I'm afraid so," the cop returned, "Have you two seen anyone while you
have been up here?"

Bobby and his mother looked at each other and then back to the
policeman.

	"I'm afraid so," his mother explained.

	"When," the younger policeman asked excitedly.

	"Late yesterday afternoon," she said, her shoulders drooping tiredly,
"A man invited himself into our cabin with a gun right after we got
here."

	"Where is he now?"

	"In the back room."

	"I thought you said there were only two of you," the older cop said,
slowly pulling his gun out of his holster.

	"He's dead, I'm afraid, " she said so softly she could barely be heard
above the quiet whosh of the helicopter in the distance.

	"What?" the older cop asked, pointing his gun at them. "Uh, both of
you step over against the wall and keep your hands on your head."

Bobby and his mother quickly obeyed the order.

	"Hank, go check it out and see who these two people killed, while I
keep an eye on them."

Bobby and his mother raised their hands above their heads and shuffled
over against the wall as they watched the younger cop quickly step
inside the cabin.  Fearing the worst, they heard him clomping loudly
toward the back of the cabin while the older cop held his gun pointed
in their general direction and looked at them suspiciously.

	"How did it happen?"

	"Well, shortly after we got here, we heard a knock on the door,"
Doreen began, "and when Bobby opened the door, there stood this
stranger with a gun in his hand."

	"Why did you open the door?"

	"It was raining cats and dogs and the guy looked miserable."

	"Then what?"

	"He forced his way in and took his clothes off right in front of us,"
she went on, "Then he threatened to do lewd and obscene things to both
of us."

	"That sounds like our guy," the cop said, "he was convicted of raping
and murdering three women."

	"Oh, My God," Doreen gasped, "Really?"

	"Yeah," the cop told her, "then what happened?"

	"Well, before he had a chance to do anything, he let his guard down
long enough for Bobby to hit him in the head with a log."

	"How lucky can you get?" the patrol officer laughed as they heard his
partner clomping back through the house.

	"It's okay, Luke," he said, stepping back out onto the porch.  "It's
our man and he is deader than a doornail."

	"Well, this had been your lucky day," the head cop laughed, returning
his gun to its holster, "not only did you escape with your lives, but
you are also going to collect a reward of fifty thousand dollars for
saving the county the trouble of holding another trial."

Bobby and his mother turned and looked at each other in stunned
silence.

	"Really?" Bobby was finally able to ask as he slowly lowered his arms.

	"Really." the older cop grinned.

	"My Goodness," Doreen gasped as she reached out and gave Bobby a hug.

	"Now we have to get you folks back down the mountain," the cop
drawled.

	"Huh," Bobby muttered, still in shock at the sudden turn of events.

	"We only have room for one person in the chopper, so I guess one of
you will have to stay up here tonight until we can get another chopper
up here tomorrow. It's getting too dark to be flying up here in the
mountains, so this will be our last flight today."

	"You only have room for one?" Doreen asked as she blushed and stepped
back away from Bobby afraid that the police might sense their unatural
intimacy.

	"I'm afraid so," he told her, "Small search chopper."

	"Well, If it would be okay with you," she said demurely, glancing over
at Bobby, "Could you take the uh, the body down and we'll stay up here
tonight."

	"Uh, I suppose," the cop muttered, "if you are sure that you don't
mind spending another night up here in the wilderness."

	"Well," she smiled at him, "I feel confident that my boy can take care
of any emergency that might arise."

	"I bet you are pretty proud of him," the cop smiled.

	"You bet I am," she beamed, reaching over and patting his hand, "you
bet I am."

	"Aw, Mom," Bobby blushed, "You're embarrassing me."

	"Well, if you are sure," he repeated.

	"We're sure," she told him.

	"Okay, but we've got to get out of her pretty quick."

The two policeman hurried into the house as Bobby and his mother stood
on the porch holding hands.  In a matter of minutes, they two officers
came shuffling back out with dead intruder draped over their
shoulders.

	"Well, I guess that we will see you two tomorrow morning," he grinned
as they tromped down the steps.

	"About what time?" Doreen asked, and then blushing added, "So we can
be ready to go."

	"It should be around ten or so," he grunted under the burden of the
dead man's body.

	"Okay," she smiled at him, secretly giving Bobby's hand a squeeze,
"we'll be ready.  Now you have a safe flight back down the mountain
and thanks for looking for us."

	"Thank you, Ma'am," he returned, almost out of ear shot, "And you two
be careful."

Bobby and his mother stood watching the two men slosh across the
meadow to the helicopter where it waited with the rotor blade softly
whooshing around in slow circles.  Ducking under the idly rotating
blades, the policmen staggered up to the chopper and loaded the dead
man aboard.  After they had him inside, they both crawled inside and
strapped themselves in.

The blades of the chopper slowly gained momentum until it was a blur.
Then, slowly, the helicopter lifted into the air.  It slowly circled
the cabin as the pilot waved to them before heading down the mountain.

	"Well," Doreen finally said as it disappeared into the dusk. "What a
relief that is."

Both of them stood watching the sun slowly set.  They didn't say a
word for several moments.  

	"I think it is going to rain again," Doreen finally said.

It did feel like rain again.  The air was heavy and wet and still
filled with the smell of rain.  Would their old friend, the rain
return again and cover up the sounds of their incestuous rutting with
its own soft music.  As as if to answer their question, a rumble of
thunder came reverbating over the mountains.

	"It sounds like we might not leave tomorrow after all," Doreen
grinned, turning and taking Bobby in her arms.  "We might have to
spend the whole week up here.  Alone."

	"Oh, My, a fate worse than death," he laughed teasingly.

	"Oh, is my little baby already tired of his dear old mom?"

	"Never in a million years," he grinned back at her grinding his rock
hard cock into her belly, "In fact, I want to finish what we started
before we were so rudely interrupted by the police."


Fantasy Number 52D
(The Stranger -- Part Four)


	"Really?" She smiled at him stepping back away from him.

	"Don't you know it," he grinned back at her.

	"You don't mean that you would like to put your big, bad inside your
Mom's little pussy and fuck her again?" she taunted him as she backed
toward the door

	"God, Yes," he panted.

Opening the door, his mother stopped.  Turning around, she bent over
and flipped her dress up revealing her beautiful bottom to him.

	"You mean you want some more of this?" She laughed.

	"Fuck, yes," he grunted, stepping toward her.

	"Really, Bobby, such language," she cackled, stepping inside the
cabin, "and in front of your mother.  I am appalled."

Bobby followed her into the cabin, unzipping his pants as he went.

Without waiting for him, she headed straight for the table where they
had been fucking earlier. Stopping by it, she quickly unbuttoned her
dress and it fell to the floor. Wearing only her panties, she watched
him shuck his pants down to his ankles.

	"What a fucking cock," she purred as she watched his huge prick bounce
up and down wickedly as he peeled off his shirt.

Shaking her head, she quickly bent down and jerked her panties down
her long, tanned legs.

	"See anything you like?" She laughed, turning and leaning over the
table, wiggling her butt at him.

	"Everything," he muttered, reeling toward her.

Halfway across the room, Bobby stopped.

The view was one he would treasure the rest of his life. His mother,
the most beautiful woman in the world was naked and baring herself to
him.  Her buttocks, so round and firm were perfectly formed.  In his
mind, her ass was unequaled in the universe.  And her legs were to
kill for.  Long, statuesque and firm, yet so supple with the muscles
softly outlined below the tan skin.  

Then he heard her laugh softly as she slowly spread her legs apart.

	"He must like it," she trilled sweetly, as his cock jumped with
excitement, "he's jumping up and down so much."

Then as he started to take another step, he saw her lean down over the
table.  As he stopped to watch, she leaned over farther and moved her
hand up between her legs.  He stopped breathing as he watched her lift
her hand all the way up to where the crack of her ass began.  Then,
she ran a finger down the crack of her ass.  As her finger trailed
down the crack, she paused when it reached the little wrinkled prune
of her ass hole that now winked out from between the firm, soft cheeks
of her ass.

Bobby's cock was bobbing up and down wildly as he watched her tease
her own asshole with her finger.  He couldn't believe it.  His mother
was tickling her asshole as he watched.  It was too much.  

Finally, she stopped fingering her asshole and moved her finger down
between the drooping lips of her vagina. Without a pause, she quickly
slipped her finger up into herself.

Bobby had never seen anything so wickedly exciting in his life.
Reaching down to his throbbing cock, he began to stroke it roughly as
he watched his mother slide her finger in and out of her cunt.  Her
finger was literally dripping with the juices flowing from her
overheated cunt as he gawked at her.

It was too wild for him to watch for long and with two quick steps he
was standing behind her.  Staring down at his mother's ass, he watched
her wrinkled little asshole clenching and relaxing in rhythm with her
finger digging into her pussy.

Fascinated by her flaunting overture, he slowly maneuvered the massive
head of his cock up to her wrinkled little asshole. Slowly twirling
the head of his cock around his mother's bung hole, he spread a
coating of his pre-cum juice all over it covering it with the slippery
sap.  Then ever so gently, he leaned into her, holding his cock pinned
against the delicate creased circle of her anal sphincter.  For a
moment, she didn't resist, but as the giant cockhead slowly began to
force its way into the tight ring of muscles guarding her asshole, she
inched away from him.

	"Not yet, Baby," she murmured, "later after you've fucked me and
aren't as hard.  Okay?  You're just too damned big right now."

Oh, God, he thought. She was going to let him fuck her in the ass.
His mother was really going to let him fuck her in the ass.  He almost
lost it and came.  He hadn't thought she would let him.  He had just
been fooling around.  Now she had promised him her asshole.  He was so
excited he was beside himself. He had to fuck her.  He would wait for
the other prize until she was ready, he thought as he dipped his hips
and eased his cockhead down to her other opening.  Thrusting his cock
up between her widespread legs, he quickly found her and impaled her
with his hardness.  She was so wet and ready. He slid his cock up into
her with no effort at all.

The feel of her satiny cunt wrapped around his throbbing cock was pure
heaven. It was beyond his wildest expectations.  Unable to stop the
bestial urges that drove him, he began pounding his cock up into her
soft vulnerability with a vengeance.

	"Oh, God, Yes, Baby, Fuck Me," his mother groaned as he hammered his
cock into her like a madman.

As he reamed her slippery gash, she lay sprawled out on the table.
They could hear the table groaning and complaining as they fucked.
They couldn't stop.  No matter how much the table complained.
Ignoring the protesting table, he slammed himself into her harder and
harder.

Then suddenly, the table collapsed and both of them went crashing down
on top of the splintered pile of wood.

	"Fucckkkkknnnnnhhhhhhhh," his mother wheezed as he landed on top her
knocking the breath out of her, but not dislodging his big cock from
her tight pussy.

Not even this could stop him as he kept on pounding his cock into her.

	"Srry, Mothr, Can't stop, cnt stp, cnt stp, fuk, fuk," he blathered as
he slammed his prick into her over and over again.

Then all at once Bobby felt as if the gates of hell opened as a huge
gusher of burning hot cum exploded from his cock and poured out into
her clutching, sucking cunt.

	"Ahhhhhhggggaaaawwwwwdddddd," she screeched as his cock erupted inside
her, again. And again.  And again.

Her pussy locked down around his belching, spewing cock and she
tripped off into her own gut-twisting orgasm. 

	"Fuck, Mother, Fuck, Mother, Fuck, Mother," he babbled almost
incoherently as his hips kept bucking and thrusting his cock even
deeper into the forbidden depths of her cunt.

	It seemed as he came for hours before his cock finally stopped spewing
out its lethal load of rich, thick cum into her.  As it did, her cunt
slowly stopped milking his shrinking manhood.

He was ashamed that he hadn't been able to stop and see if he had hurt
her.  But, when the table crashed to the floor he was out of control.
At last, Bobby slowly pulled his cock out of his mother's cunt and
crawled back away from her.

	"M'sorry, Mom, I just couldn't stop," he grumbled, "are you okay?"

	"I think so," she mumbled, slowly getting up to her hands and knees,
"I don't think there are any broken bones."

	"God, I hope not," he said, "how could we explain that?"

	"I don't know," she laughed tiredly.

She slowly struggled to her feet and looked down at herself.  

	"Do you see any bones protruding or anything?" She asked him.

Looking her up and down, he felt a tingle of excitement trickle
through his cock, but he saw no obvious signs of trauma.  He couldn't
believe that he could still feel excited about her after such an
incredible orgasm, but he was.  

	"Nope, just see that most beautiful woman in the world," he grinned,
"with a few scrapes and bruises and a beautiful leaking pussy."

	"Thanks to her son," she laughed out loud.

	"And he is sorry," he went on, "but if his mother wasn't so wonderful,
it wouldn't have happened."

	"Thanks," she grinned, "blame it on me."

	"Well, we have got some more firewood now."

	"And how are you going to explain this to your father?"

	"I thought I would let you."

	"Thanks, a lot."

	"You can wrap him around your little finger and you know it," he
smirked.

	"Uh-huh."

	"And I am jealous of you and him."

	"That's too bad, young man," she smiled, "he is my husband, after
all."

	"And I am your son."

	"That is true," she said softly, walking over to the cabinet and
opening it.

Taking down a bottle of wine, she quickly opened it.  Picking up two
glasses, she motioned for him to follow her over to the couch.

Sitting down, she poured them each a glass of wine.

	"I know that you are going to find this hard to believe," she told
him, quickly downing her glass of wine and refilling it, "but your
father was the only man I had ever made love to until this weekend."

	"What?" He sputtered, nearly choking on a sip of wine.

	"What," she frowned, "you find that hard to believe?"

	"No, I'm sorry," he apologized, realizing how crude he had been, "I
just thought that maybe before you married Dad..."
 
	"Your father, to be blunt, got my cherry," she told him, sipping on
her wine, "and I never had the inclination to try anything new."

	"But, us," he said, not knowing what to say.

	"Like I said, you are only the second man I have made love to."

	"I don't know what to say, Mom," he mumbled.

	"There is nothing to say," she went on, still sipping on her wine.

Both of them sat staring into the other's eyes for several moments,
before she finally spoke.

	"I love your father," she said softly, "and I love you.  I suppose if
a woman must have two lovers, she couldn't ask for more."

	"I wish I could have been your first lover," he fussed softly.

	"Impossible," she laughed softly, "how could you have been my first
lover if it took my making love to create you?"

	"Just jealous of Dad," he pouted.

	"But strangely, I feel more, uh, more, I don't know, more at ease with
you."

	"Really?"

	"I don't know why.  Your father and I have had twenty-five wonderful
years together," she went on, filling her glass again, "But we don't
seem to share the same intensity of emotions that you and I seem to
possess."

	"God, mother, I love you," he growled, reaching for her.

	"Wait," she told him, pushing his clawing hands away from her "I have
something else to say."

	"Okay," he mumbled.

	"I was a virgin for your father, my first lover," she said in a voice
so low he had to listen hard to hear her, "and I will be a virgin for
you, my new lover, too."

	"What, what do you mean," he asked her, "how can you be a virgin now?"

	"Do you know what being a virgin means?"

	"Someone that hasn't had sex?"

	"Well, sort of, but it really means something that is new, or unused."


	"Huh?"

	"Every woman is a virgin three times over."

	"What do you mean?"

	"Your father took my first cherry, and I willingly gave him my second
cherry," she explained to him, "and you have had both of these
yourself, but no one has had my third cherry.  Do you understand?"

	"What do you mean?" He asked again, staring at her in confusion.

	"What I promised you while ago," she blushed, "don't you remember?"

	"Huh," he grunted, "you mean..."

	"I mean that I am offering you my other cherry," she said again, "no
other man has been in my, uh, my, uh, other place."

	"Oh, God," he groaned, "I don't know what to say, Mother."

	"Do you want to fuck me there?" She brazenly asked him.

	"Oh, Yes," he blurted out, "but, but only if that is what you want."

	"I do," she smiled at him, "it will be my gift to my new lover."

As he heard those words, Bobby couldn't stop his cock from jumping
back to life.  He looked over at her and grinned helplessly as his
cock quickly grew hard again.

	"I just hope that I can take all of your huge cock in my ass," she
said softly, "it is very big, you know."

	"Me, too," he grunted as his cock slowly lifted itself and regained
its original hardness.

	"But first," she said, "I am going to make you cum again so it won't
be quite as big, okay?"

	"Of course," he told her, "whatever you want, Mother."

	"I'll be back in a few minutes," she told him, leaning down and
kissing the bobbing, weaving head of this huge cock, "I have to go and
prepare my cherry for him."

Bobby watched as she stood.  His eyes flew to her wiggling, jiggling
breasts.

	"Why don't you have some more wine," she told him, "that will help
make him a little softer."

	"Sure, Mom," he grinned, "I'll have a whole bottle if that's what you
want."

	"Okay," she grinned, turning and walking over to the bathroom.

When she left the room, Bobby jumped up quickly.  Awaiting her return,
he stumbled over to the fireplace and renewed the fire.  After a few
moments, he had the fire restored and it was blazing merrily.
 
Stepping away from the fireplace, he followed her directions and
sauntered over to the cabinet.   Quickly opening another bottle of
wine, he grinned to himself at his luck and turned the bottle up and
took a long swallow.  Hungrily chugging almost half of it down, he
waited for the rush of the alcohol.  It began to work almost
immediately and he saw his cock slowly begin to droop and soften.  It
would take more than wine to keep it soft, he thought as he imagined
what it would feel like to fuck his mother in the ass.

A shiver of expectation ran through his body and his cock lifted its
huge head once again.  Gotta have more wine, he thought, as he took
another long swig of the wine.  He had never fucked a woman in the ass
before.  Now unbelievably, his first piece of ass was going to be his
own mother.  Looking down, he saw his cock growing hard once again.

Taking the bottle with him, he strolled back to the couch.  Sitting
down, he put the bottle to his lips.  Turning the bottle up, he took
another long drink.

	"Is it working?" He heard his mother ask as she stepped out of the
bathroom.

	"Uh, kinda," he laughed, "until I think about fucking you in the ah,
the a, the other place."

	"I know what you mean," she tittered, "I'm just as excited as you
about doing it that way."

	"Won't it hurt you?" He asked naively.

	"Oh, I guess, a little," she told him, standing with her back to him
as she got a drink of water, "but I've fixed it where it shouldn't
hurt too much."

Listening to her, his eyes crept down to where he would soon impale
her with his love weapon.  Mildly surprised, he saw a glistening
circle of lubricant surrounding her anus.  He felt his cock jump with
expectation as he stared at the circle of ointment delicately
shimmering in the soft glow of the fire.

	"How did you do that?"

	"Your father has hemorrhoids," she laughed, "and luckily, I remembered
that he had left a tube of Preparation H' up here."

	"Huh?" Bobby grunted, turning the bottle up and finishing it.

	"It deadens your little winkie, dear," his mother said, "so it won't
hurt."

	"Oh," he said embarrassed by his naiveté.

	"I can feel it working already," she giggled, slowly lolling over to
the couch.

	"Uh, Good, I guess," he snickered drunkenly.

	"Have you finished that bottle already?" She asked him.

	"Yep," he said, "I'm all ready."

	"It does look a little less intimidating," she smiled, sitting down
next to him and lifting his drooping cock in her hand  "Are you going
to be able to get it harder?"

	"Like this," he bragged, as his cock slowly began to harden again.

	"Oh, My Dear Little Boy," she cooed, lovingly caressing his growing
maleness. "Such a dilemma Mummy has."

	"What?" He wanted to know.

	"Dare I risk it right now," she said softly, leaning down and kissing
the expanding head of his cock, "or do I need to suck it off one more
time?"

As soon as the words were out of her mouth, his cock jerked and
hardened even more.

	"I guess he answered my question," she laughed softly, bending down
over her son and sucking his throbbing penis into her mouth.

With loving tenderness, she softly sucked on him as she stroked him
with her hand.

	"Oh, Mother," he groaned reaching down and grabbing her long, blond
hair.

Her head bobbed up and down slowly as she sucked his thick, fat cock
in and then let it slither out again.  Looking down at her, Bobby
marveled at the way her full, soft lips encircled his bloated
man-thing.  As her ruby red lips slid up and down the barrel of his
cock, her hand followed masturbating him at the same time she sucked
on him.  Up and down, up and down went her head and hand.  As she
sucked him, she toyed with his big, dangling balls with her other
hand.  She lovingly squeezed and pulled on the delicate sperm farms
concealed inside the limp sac of skin dangling below his cock.

He could feel the pool of molten cum begin to boil inside them as she
sucked and sucked.  Then she stopped running her hand up and down his
cock and let go of it.  He watched on with rapture as she slowly
lifted his ball sac.  What was she doing?  Then he felt her fingernail
tickling the delicate hump of his prostate.  Oh, Fuck, he thought as
he felt her finger creep down to the puckered protrusion of his ass
hole.

He was going to lose it very soon.  He could feel her finger toying
with his asshole until all of a sudden, with one quick thrust, she
buried her lubricated finger up to the second knuckle inside his
smarting asshole.

	"OH, FUCK," he grunted as his hips lunged upward driving his cock up
into his mother's throat.

As his hips lurched up, his mother thrust he head down inhaling his
whole nine inches into her mouth and throat.

Bobby couldn't hold it back.  His cock jerked and began to spurt huge
gobs of thick, rich semen into his mother's clenching, gulping throat.
Once, then twice, his huge cock bucked and spewed out its load
directly into her throat.  But before the third eruption, she jerked
her head back, letting his convulsing monster slither out of her
throat.  She slowly let it slide out of her throat until only the
huge, bulbous head was imprisoned inside her mouth.  Sucking with all
her might, she hungrily swallowed the third gusher of his creamy semen
as it came spewing out of his cock.

Then he felt her finger dig even deeper into his violated butt hole as
she massaged his prostate from the inside.  He had never felt anything
like it and his cock began to spew out cum in an almost continuous
river.  Keeping his cock in her mouth, she hungrily took everything he
spewed into her mouth.

It seemed like his cock kept cumming for hours, but finally it stopped
jerking and began to slowly shrink.  As his mother felt his cock stop
erupting, she slowly lifted her head up, letting his retreating penis
slither out of her mouth.

As she looked up at him, he saw a trickle of his cum seep out of the
corner of her mouth and run down her chin.  It was the most erotic
thing he had ever seen.  He couldn't stop himself from leaning down
and kissing her.  He could taste his salty cum as he crushed his mouth
down on hers.  Then he drove his tongue into her mouth and found the
taste of his semen even stronger.  It was crazy, but he loved the
taste of his own ejaculation.  He explored her mouth hungrily with his
tongue, running it over her teeth and gums to extract all of her rich
syrup from her mouth.

At last, their lips parted as they gasped for breath.

	"Fuck, I've never," was all he could say as he leaned back.

	"Yeah, it was," she murmured, running her tongue over her lips and
lapping up his cum, "wild."

Reaching down, she wrapped her hand around his deflating cock.
Gently, lovingly, she began to stroke it back to life as he lay back
basking in the wicked eroticism of it all.  They both watched on as
his cock slowly stopped shrinking and began to harden again.

	"It's time my love," she whispered, bringing out a bottle of Vaseline.
Quickly, she dug her fingers down into it and pulled out a big glob of
the yellowish salve.  Holding his cock upright with one hand, she
hurriedly spread the ointment all over his cock, paying particular
attention to its great, round head.  After a few moments, she stopped.

	Standing up, she wiped her hands off and smiled  down at him
devilishly. Slowly sauntering around behind the couch, she leaned down
over it and raised her beautiful derriere up in the air.

	"Come on Baby, take Mom's cherry asshole," she told him waving her
butt back and forth enticingly, "before I lose my courage."

Scrambling to his feet, Bobby careered around the couch and up behind
his mother's upturned ass.

	"Your ass is beautiful, Mom," he marveled, reaching down and running
his hands over its smooth perfection.  "The most beautiful ass in the
whole wide world."

	"Flattery will get you everything, my Dear," she laughed nervously as
he inched up behind her.

	"Is my little hole pretty?" She asked him, wiggling her butt
provocatively, "I've never seen it up close like you can."

	"It is a work of art, Mom," he praised her, "not a blemish on it.  It
is beautiful."

	"I'm glad you find it pretty," she murmured, "I've saved it for you."

	"I love it," he panted, not daring to believe this was really
happening.

	"I'm ready to be deflowered," she told him, spreading her legs as wide
apart as she could, "take me in the ass, my lover."

Inching up behind the rounded perfection of her ass, he wrapped one
hand around the slippery shaft of his cock.  Grabbing hold of her hip
with the other hand, he slowly guided the big, purple head of his cock
up between the ivory globes of her ass.  Lewdly, he slowly raked the
head of his cock up and down the crack of her ass several times.
Finally, he stopped with it resting up against the puckered hole of
her ass.

	"Oh, Yes, Baby, put it in," she urged him on, leaning back against
him. 

Fascinated by the picture of his big, purple cockhead slowly
penetrating the delicate ring of dark, wrinkled flesh, he slowly began
increasing the pressure.  Erotic millimeter by sexy millimeter, his
cockhead slowly spread her anal sphincter open as it forced its way
inside her.

	"Nghhhhhhhhhhhooouuuccchhhhh," she complained, but still pushed back
against his determined assault of her asshole.

Then, suddenly, with a loud pop, his cock head darted inside her
asshole.

	"NIGGHHHHHHHHhhhhhhhhh," she yelped out as she tried to pull away from
him,  "oh, that smarts."

	"Want me to stop," he grunted, trying to keep from sliding the rest of
his cock into her.

	"Unh, just a minute," she gasped for air, "just a minute."

He stopped pressing against her and held himself motionless as she
caught her breath.  After several moments, he could actually feel the
constricting rings of muscles surrounding his cock begin to relax.

	"Oh, that's better, now," she murmured, "put it in nice and slow."

Releasing his cock, he grabbed hold of her hips with both hands and
began to pull her back onto his great love-sword.

	"Ah, yesssss, btttrrrrrrrrr," she purred as his cock slowly slithered
down into the fiery depths of her anus.

He was bewitched by the view and feel of his cock slowly sliding into
her well-oiled ass.  His huge cock stretched the dark ring of wrinkled
flesh surrounding her to its limit.  Then, the ring of darkened flesh
began to disappear as his giant penis slowly disappeared into her
asshole.  Bobby had never felt anything so tight and hot.  It was like
pushing his cock into a furnace as he fought to keep from dumping his
load of cum into her all at once.  Deeper and deeper into the
forbidden depths of her ass slithered his cock.

He could hear his mother's breathing rasping as he continued to ease
his cock into her burning asshole.  Still she didn't retreat away from
him.  She pushed herself back against the steady, persistent pressure
taking him into her asshole.

Then, he shuddered at the wicked eroticism as his cock ended its
maiden journey into her asshole.  Gently grinding his pubic hair into
the warm softness of her butt, he felt his balls nudge the wetness of
her widespread pussy.  

	"Oh, my baby is so big," his mother groaned as she clenched down on
his cock with her asshole, "so fucking big."

She held him tightly with her asshole for several seconds, then
relaxed her hold on him.  When he felt her relax, he slowly withdrew
his glistening love-sword from its corrupted haven.  

	"Anhhhh," she complained softly as his big cockhead nudged up against
the tight ring of muscles encircling her asshole, "easssssy, Baby,
easy."

Not wanting to hurt her, he slowly rocked forward and slid his cock
back into her asshole.  The feeling of the tight, hot chute of flesh
caressing his cock coupled with the wickedness of fucking his mother's
ass was almost too much.  

	"Ah, Yes, that's it, Baby" she gurgled.

Slowly at first, he began to rock back and forth, gently fucking her
asshole.  As he did, he grabbed hold of her swaying tits.  Holding
onto the dangling mountains of enchantingly soft flesh, he began to
fuck her harder.  Every time he drove his cock into her asshole, he
could feel the soft, round firmness of her ass rebound against his
stomach.  Again and again, he baptized his cock in the fiery depths of
her baptismal.

	"Unh huh, Unh huh, Unh huh," she grunted as he drove his cock into her
asshole faster and faster.

He could feel the gathering force of a huge tidal wave of semen inside
his groin as he continued to slam his cock into his mother's asshole.
It wouldn't be long before he would erupt inside her anus and fill it
with his cum.

	"Oh, yeah, oh yeah, yeah, Mummy," he muttered as he jerked his hips
upward impaling her all the way to the hilt with every lunge, "gonna
cum, gonna cum."

	"Do it, do it," she groveled, "fill my ass, fill my ass, with your
sweet, cream."

Hearing her lewd remarks drove him beyond the point of no return and
his cock exploded inside her asshole.  It felt to him as if the head
of his dick had been completely blown off as he spewed his load into
her colon.  He had never felt so utterly depraved in his whole life as
he pulled his mother against him, keeping his cock shoved deep inside
her bowels.  Great molten globs of thick, gelatinous semen shot from
his cock like some obscene roman candle sending burst after burst of
cum into her asshole.

	"Oh, fuck, it's so hot it's making me cum," his mother blubbered as
she ground her ass back against him.

Bobby held onto her hips keeping her pressed against him tightly as he
emptied his fiery load into her.

	"Oh, Baby, Oh, Baby," she moaned, "so hot, so hot."

Finally, after what seemed like hours, his cock gave one last shudder
and quit spurting inside her ass hole.  

	"Oh, God, Mom, the greatest," he grunted as his beaten manhood slowly
began to shrink and retreat down her saturated anal canal.

Her asshole was still tightly clutching his cock as it shriveled back
to normalcy and suddenly, with a loud pop, disgorged his shrunken
maleness.  As it popped out, a stream of his pearly white cum squirted
out of her asshole and ran down her legs.

	"God, who would ever have that I would get a penile enema from my own
son," she laughed as she headed for the bathroom, "I'll be right
back."

Bobby's cock ached from the tightness of her ass and overuse as he
slowly walked over to the window.  The rain had stopped once again, so
maybe they would have to leave the mountain tomorrow after all.

At last, Bobby heard the commode flush and his mother came walking
back into the room.

	"It wasn't as bad as I had imagined it would be," she smiled at him,
sidling up to him and giving him a soft kiss on the lips, "did you
like it?"

	"Oh, Yes," he muttered pulling her into his arms, "it was heaven on
earth.  It was so tight and hot and, and, just great."

	"You mean that my pussy isn't tight and hot?" She pouted.

	"Uh, uh, no, no, uh, but there's a difference," he tried to excuse his
insensitive statement.

	"I understand," she laughed, "I think."

	"It was just different inside," he went on, "I can't really explain
it, but just knowing that you were willing to let me do it to you that
way, uh, it just made it so fucking exciting."

	"Well, good, but, I think we had better get some sleep-eye," she
winked at him, "so we can be ready for our rescue tomorrow.  Don't
you?"

They spent the night in each other's arms and before they knew it, the
sun was up and they had to prepare for the arrival of the helicopter.

It was almost time for the chopper to arrive before they were dressed
and had every thing packed. 

	"Well, are you ready?" Doreen asked Bobby as she stood in front of one
of the windows watching for the chopper.  

	"I'm always ready for you, Mom," he chuckled, creeping up behind her
and wrapping his arms around her.

As she wriggled back against him, he cupped her big, soft breasts in
his hands and ground his cock into her ass.

	"Oh, I'll say you are," she laughed quietly, pushing herself back
against him.

	"Unh-huh," he grunted, wishing they had time for one quick one before
they had to leave.

	"Me, too," she murmured.  "Do you think we have time for a quickie
before they get here?"

	"One way to find out," he blurted out enthusiastically. 

Stepping back away from her, he clumsily fumbled with his belt as he
watched his mother quickly shucked her shorts and panties down her
long tan legs and stepped out of them.  The sudden sight of his
mother's beautiful, bare bottom sent a spasm of excitement tearing
through his cock just as he dropped his pants to the floor.  His cock
sprang out hard and ready as he took hold of it and quickly stepped up
between her widespread legs.  With  the intimacy of a lover, he
quickly threaded the swollen head of his cock up into the waiting
socket of her womanhood.

	"Oh, Yes," she sighed as she thrust herself back at him at the same
instant he rammed his cock up into her.

Within seconds, they were furiously fucking.  It was as they couldn't
get enough of each other as their bodies slapped together obscenely.

Then, over the loud, lewd slapping of their pounding bodies, they
heard the whopping of rotor blades in the distance.  

	"Hurry, hurry, baby, before they get here," his mother urged him as
she milked his slashing cock with the tight, clinging muscles of her
cunt.

	"Unh-huh. Unh-huh," he grunted pistoning his cock into her as fast as
he could.

Bobby kept pounding his cock into her as they watched the chopper come
into view and slowly land about two hundred yards from the cabin.
Panting from the exertion, Bobby could feel his balls contract and
prepare to release their load into her one last time.  

Then suddenly, Bobby's cock lurched and spurted a huge gusher of its
satanic seed up into his mother's gulping cunt.

	"Oh, Yes, Oh, Yes," she blathered as her body began to shake and
shudder through the throes of her own orgasm, "fill me with your sweet
cream, Baby."

As their bodies shook through the orgasmic attack that possessed them,
they watched a man jump out of the chopper and slowly slosh toward the
cabin.

	"Oh, Fuck," his mother gasped, her body still shaking and quivering
through the upheaval of pleasure, "it's your Dad."

	"Sheeit," he grunted, unable to stop the spurting eruption of his cock
as it spewed out its life's seed into his mother.

They both watched on with panic, unable to uncouple their convulsing
bodies as he clomped across the field toward the cabin.  

Then finally, the last spasm of gratification washed over their bodies
and they were able to react to the imminent danger.  

	"Hurry, Hurry," his mother babbled, "pull it out, Baby."

Bobby had one last lovely view of his mother's beautiful ass as he
stepped back, jerking his thick, hard cock out of her drooling cunt. 

	"Ohhhhhh," she protested as she bent down and feverishly pulled her
shorts up around her small waist.  Watching his Dad near the cabin,
Bobby turned and ran for the bathroom just his mother finally
succeeded in fastening her belt.

	"God, I hope that my stuff doesn't leak out and show," he groaned as
he stepped into the bathroom.

	"It won't," she laughed, walking to the door, "I was already leaking,
so I put on a pad."

	"Thank God," he said, closing the door and wrestling his shorts up
over his swollen manhood.

	Taking a deep breath, he opened the door and stepped out of the
bathroom.

	"Dad," he said, acting surprised to see him, "What are you doing up
here?"

	"Just thought I would come up to see how you two were doing," his
father said, standing by Doreen with his arm wrapped around her.

	"Oh, we're just great," his mother laughed nervously, winking at
Bobby, "considering everything that has happened."

	"That's what I hear," his father smiled, giving her a little hug, "I'm
so glad that everything worked out like it did."

	"So am I," she laughed softly to herself as she hugged him back, "So
am I!!!!!!"

.....THE END.....

This is it.  The grand finale.  Hope you enjoyed it...
Already have another one brewing...Based on my trip to Hawaii...
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
