Subliminal Submissives

Years ago, I worked at the Pentagon.  I did research for the Army
into what they called ``psychological warfare.''  The few people
who knew of the project's existence believed it failed.
Everyone, that is, except me.  I alone knew that my experiments
into subliminal suggestions had been wildly successful.  I
believed that the knowledge should never fall into the hands of
the government, so I kept my results hidden.  A few people I
worked with suspected I was onto something, but they were
``adjusted'' to believe that I had failed.  After the Cold War
ended, our group was disbanded.  I was very relieved; the
immorality of what we were doing weighed heavily on me.  When I
started my new civilian job, I hoped I could put the past behind
me and get on with my life.  But one day, I gave into temptation.
Temptation's name was Lori.

I was hired in my new job as a vice-president.  I got a big
office, a big desk, and a personal assistant.  To say that Lori
was gorgeous was an understatement.  All poor Lori wanted was to
be taken seriously, but no matter how she behaved, she seemed to
send out unconscious sexual signals that were hard to resist.
Previously, she had worked for the president of the company, but
his wife made him give her up.  Afterwards, she went to work for
my predecessor, but he was demoted after Lori filed a sexual
harassment claim.  And now she was with me.  After a few weeks of
working with her, I started thinking things I swore I never
would.

Finally, I couldn't stand it any more.  I stayed late one night
and went over to Lori's computer.  I loaded a program that would
flash subliminal messages on the screen and play special
low-frequency sounds on the audio chip.  Compared to, say, the
subliminal tapes you can buy at the bookstore, my method was much
more powerful.  My research had led me to believe I could
completely change the beliefs of almost anybody.  Now all I
needed was a test message.

When Lori started working with me she laid down the ground rules:
Our relationship was to be completely professional--no
hanky-panky.  She refused to do any job that she felt was
degrading.  Her biggest peeve was making coffee.  She absolutely
refused to make coffee for me.  So to test things out, I put the
messages <I LOVE TO MAKE COFFEE FOR MY BOSS> and <I LOVE TO SERVE
MY BOSS> on the computer.  The next morning when she came in, the
first thing I had her do was type in a couple of letters on her
computer.  Barely an hour later she came into my office and
placed a mug of coffee on my desk.

``What's this?'' I asked.

``It's coffee, silly,'' she said.  ``I just made a pot.''

``But I thought you weren't going to make coffee for me...''

``Well, I guess I'm in a good mood today.''

``There's one problem, though.'' I said.

``What's that?''

``This coffee has milk and sugar in it.  I take my coffee
black.''

``Oh, I'm sorry!'' she said.  She grabbed the mug and quickly
returned with a fresh cup.  ``Is there anything else I can do for
you?''

``Well, actually, my shoulders are kind of stiff.  You wouldn't
mind rubbing them for me, would you?''

``Ok,'' she said, and she started to do so.  ``Boy, you're not
kidding, you really are tense.''  I realized that my heart was
racing.  Lori was the most suggestible subject I had ever tested.
I was getting excited at the idea of putting Lori completely
under my control.  I let Lori's hands sooth me, and let my mind
consider the possibilities...

The human brain is a very complex system.  I once read a
description of the mind as ``not the all-knowing monarch of the
brain, but a little circle of firelight in the dark,
Australia-sized continent where the unconscious brain processes
carry on.'' [See end of story for reference] The mind thinks that
it's in control, but most brain functions carry on by themselves.

Take me for example.  I have a foot fetish.  How is it that my
brain came to associate a non-sexual part of the body with sex?
My unconscious is in control: The sight of a woman's feet in
sheer stockings turns me on incredibly.  I couldn't stop it if I
wanted to.  Not that all of Lori's incredible features didn't
turn me on, what I really wanted to see was Lori's feet.

So, when Lori went out to lunch, I put some new subliminal
messages on her computer: <I HATE WEARING SHOES> and <I LOVE TO
BE IN MY STOCKING FEET>.  She came back from lunch, and after an
afternoon of spreadsheeting, she was walking around the office
with only her Donna Karans covering her lovely feet.  She got a
few strange looks from some of her coworkers, but she didn't seem
to care.

In spite of these early successes, I had to be careful.  If I
tried to give her too many suggestions at once, or tried to take
her too quickly to where I wanted, then the subliminal messages
would fail.  I had to be patient and slowly condition Lori's mind
to take it where I wanted to.  The next message I left on her
computer was <I WANT TO PLEASE MY BOSS>.  I left it for a few
days in order to let it take full effect.

The changes that Lori underwent were remarkable.  Previously, she
had been cold and professional towards me, but now she was sweet
and friendly.  She would gladly do things she once would have
considered degrading.  She practically waited on me hand and
foot.  Shoulder rubs now became a daily event.  And of course, I
now had a bottomless cup of coffee on my desk.  The suggestion
became more and more strong in her mind.

One afternoon Lori came into my office and, as usual, I took a
long admiring glance at her feet.  She reminded me of a kitty cat
the way she walked on the soft carpet in her sheer stockings.
She saw me ogling her.  ``Do you like my feet?'' she asked.

``Yes, they're very pretty.''  She seemed to appreciate the
compliment.  ``Do you mind that I keep staring at them?''

``Not at all,'' she said.  ``You can look at them for as long as
you like.''  She started posing her feet for me.

``Would you let me touch them?'' I asked, hesitantly.

``Okay,'' she said.  She pulled up a chair opposite mine, sat and
gave me one of her feet to hold.  Her foot was even more sensual
up close, and her stockings were soft and smooth.  I started to
caress her foot.  As I ran my hand up the back of her leg, her
toes curled from the tingle it gave her.  I was getting
incredibly turned on, and she could tell.

``I know what you want,'' she said.  She brought up her other
foot and started to massage my crotch with it.  It was more than
I could stand.  I unzipped my pants and my rock-hard erection
popped out.  She teased it with her foot, it was very flexible.
She started to rub her sole against it with long, smooth strokes.
I brought her other foot up to my mouth and started licking it,
and sucking on her sweet little toes.  All the while she remained
balanced in her chair; she was very graceful.  Her foot went
faster and faster.  Moments later, I could feel the orgasm
building up inside me.  Being in the office, I had to fight the
urge to scream an I came.

Exhausted, I looked over at Lori.  She was sitting back on her
chair with a big, contented grin on her face.  She was happy to
have been able to please her boss.

Next, I strengthened the subliminal message I was giving to Lori.
It now was <I WILL DO *ANYTHING* TO PLEASE MY BOSS>.  It had a
powerful effect on her mind.  She became very submissive to me,
and catered to my every whim.  I had long passed the point where
the old Lori would have filed a sexual harassment claim against
me, but the new Lori seemed to love it.

One afternoon I was finished with my work for the day, and
decided to have a little fun.  I dialed Lori's extension.
``Honey, could you come in here?''

Lori quickly showed up in my office.  ``What can I do for you,''
she said eagerly.

``I just dropped my pencil.  Could you pick it up for me?''  She
bent down to grab the pencil, deliberately giving me a view of
her cleavage and her perfect round ass.

She handed me the pencil with a smile on her face.  ``Is there
anything else you want?''  she asked.  ``Would you like some more
coffee?''

``No thanks, I've been drinking too much coffee lately.  I need
to cut back.''

``Would you like me to play footsie with you?  I know you like
that.''  She seductively rubbed her foot against my leg.  It was
tempting.

``You know what I'd *really* like...''

Lori got excited.  ``What's that?''

``Well, no.  We couldn't do *that*,'' I said, teasing her.  ``It
wouldn't be professional.''

``You're still not worried about that, are you?  I know I said
some silly things when we first started working together, but
you've been happy with my work since then, haven't you?''  She
was scared that she was unable to please me somehow.

``So if I asked you to do something, would you do it?''

``Oh, I would do *anything*!''

``I want you to give me the best blow-job you have ever given
anybody.''

``Oh, yes!'' she said, and she fell to her knees.  She went to
her task like it was the most important thing in the world to
her, because it was.  My cock became rigid the instant she
brought it between her warm soft lips.  Her enormous desire to
please me became apparent as her mouth slowly surrounded my
penis.

With a look of absolute concentration on her face, she pumped her
head up and down.  She wanted to do as slow and thorough a job as
possible.  I lost track of all time.

``Lori, please!'' I finally yelled.

Lori lookup up.  ``What's the matter?  Did I hurt you?''

``Lori, I need to come *now*!''  Lori's mouth again engulfed my
desperately hot penis.  This time she was unrestrained, furiously
licking and sucking.  Moments later, I yelled, ``I'm coming!''
My cock began to pump semen, first into her mouth and all over
her face.  Lori sat back and wiped the stuff off of her face,
satisfied at a job well done.

``Ahem,'' came a voice from behind me.  I turned around and saw
that my office door was open, and there was somebody watching us.
It was Audrey, another of my employees.  ``I'll just leave you
two alone now,'' she said, sarcastically.  She closed the door
and left.

Audrey had a grudge against me ever since I started working for
the company.  The rumor around the office was that I was hired
for the job she felt she deserved.  She was ruthless, and would
stop at nothing to advance her career.  I knew that eventually,
she would use the event she just witnessed against me somehow.  I
had to put her under my subliminal control also.

Lori, meanwhile, did not seem to mind that she had just put on a
show for her colleague.  In fact, she was beaming with joy after
having been able to please me.  ``Lori,'' I said, ``you've done
wonderfully here.  But I now have another important task,
something that can only be done by my most loyal and trusted
employee.''

``What is it?''

``You have a clear view of Audrey's office from you desk, don't
you?''

``Yes, I do.''

``Good.  In a few moments I will give you a floppy disk.  When
you see that Audrey is gone from her office you will go in and
load the contents of the disk onto her computer.  No one must
know that you have done this.  Do you understand?''

``Yes.''

``In the future, I will give you more disks, and each time you
will do the same.''

``Of course.''

I prepared some subliminal messages for Audrey's computer.  The
were <I MUST BE LOYAL TO MY BOSS> and <I WILL NOT BETRAY MY
BOSS>.  Lori put them on the computer just as she was told.  The
next day I went up to Audrey.  ``I trust that I'm not going to
have any trouble with that incident yesterday,'' I said.

``Hah!'' she said.  ``Is that a threat?  Don't even think of
firing me unless you want word of that `incident' getting out.''
Obviously, the subliminal suggestions had failed to take hold.
At least she wasn't going to tell anyone about what she saw
straight off.  This gave me more time to figure out what to do.

Lori, however, was having no difficulty with my subliminal
messages, and I continued to make progress with her.  The
messages I was now giving her were <MY BOSS IS VERY HOT> and <MY
BOSS MAKES ME HORNY>.  And again, the messages affected her
strongly.

Later, I called Lori into my office.  ``Could you look at this?''
She stood behind me as we both looked at my computer.
``According to this invoice we should have received payment on
the--''  I felt Lori's hot breath on the back of my neck.

``Fuck me,'' she whispered in my ear.  ``I want you so bad!''  I
turned to her and saw that she was visibly flustered, and panting
heavily.  She was ready to take me right there on my desk, but I
wasn't about to make the same mistake twice.

``Here are the keys to my condo.  Take them, and I'll leave
fifteen minutes after you.''  With Audrey still a problem, we
still had to keep up our appearances.

I got home and found Lori already on my bed.  She was naked and
masturbating.  She was so horny she couldn't wait for me.

``Lori,'' I said as I undressed, ``were you just thinking about
me?''

``Yes!'' she yelled.

``Were you just thinking of my big cock that you love, my big
cock being thrust into you?''

``Oh, yes!  Please!  I need it inside me!''

``Were you just thinking about me fucking you till you were
senseless?''

``Yes!  Fuck me now!  Fuck me!!''

As I moved towards the bed, Lori grabbed me and rolled on top of
me.  Her tight, wet pussy surrounded my hard penis.  She began to
pump and pump.  Suddenly, her body began to shudder, her back
arched, and she screamed at the top of her lungs.  Then I came
too.  As I spurted semen into her, she came again, harder than
before!

After an evening of passion, I turned my attention back to
Audrey.  The messages I had just given Lori had been the
strongest yet; sex is a powerful persuader.  I decided to try
these same messages on Audrey.  Again, I had Lori put the
messages on Audrey's computer.  I let them work their way into
Audrey's brain for a full week.

Eventually, I went into Audrey's office.  ``Listen,'' I said, ``I
was wondering if you've had a change of heart.''

``Change of heart?''  I moved up close to her.

``Yeah, I'm sure that if you get to know me better, I'm not so
bad a guy.''  As I moved closer to her, I could the suggestions
were beginning to work.  Her eyes were as large as saucers.  Her
breathing was shallow, and her lips were trembling.  I started to
move my lips up to hers...

``No!'' she yelled, and she slapped me.  ``Get the hell out of my
office!''  Once again, she was able to resist the subliminal
messages.  This was one strong-willed woman.

Meanwhile, I was ready to take complete control of Lori's' will.
The subliminal messages I was giving her now were <MY BOSS IS MY
MASTER> and <I MUST OBEY MY MASTER>.  Soon, Lori would be my
total slave.

One afternoon, as usual, Lori left for my home, and I left
fifteen minutes later.  When I got home I found Lori waiting for
me totally nude, except for a pair of stockings.  (She *loved* to
wear stockings).  She kneeled before me and said, ``I'm ready to
obey you, master.''  My domination of Lori was complete.

The next day, I realized why Audrey was resisting the suggestions
I was giving her.  The messages were all about me.  Her contempt
for me was so strong that it overwhelmed the subliminal
suggestions.  I figured if the suggestions were about someone
else, then they might meet with less resistance.  I knew then
what I had to do.

I started giving both Lori and Audrey subliminal suggestions that
they should become best of friends.  The messages apparently
worked on Audrey; she started spending all her spare time with
Lori.  It wasn't long before a deep personal bond developed
between them, the kind that normally takes years to develop.

But I had to take things further still.  I intensified the
messages the two subliminal subjects were receiving.  Then I told
my slave Lori what she had to do.  She was more than happy to
obey.

One evening, Lori showed up at my place for an evening of
servitude.

``Master,'' my lovely slave said, ``I've completed that special
task you gave me.''

``Excellent!'' I said.  ``Why don't you come over here and tell
me what happened.  In fact, you can jerk me off while you give me
all the details.''

``Yes, Master.'' Lori sat next to me, took my penis in her hand,
and told me her story.

``As you know, last night was `girl's night' for Audrey and me.
We sat on my couch and watched videos.  As the night wore on, I
moved closer and closer to her, until we were snuggled in each
other's arms.  When the last video ended, Audrey began to softly
cry.

`` `Audrey, why are you crying?'  I asked her.  ` ``Naked Gun
2-1/2'' isn't a sad movie.'

`` `It's not that,' she said, `it's just, I've been focused on my
career for so long, I've never had the time to develop any close
friendships.  I never realized before what a big, empty gap in my
life there was.  I'm so happy we could be friends.'

``I said to her, `I love you,' and I kissed her.

``When Audrey realized what my intentions were, she pulled away
from me.  `Lori, I don't think we should--'

`` `Shhh...,' I said, as I stroked her hair.  `Sometimes, it's
better not to think about things too hard.  You just have to do
what you feel inside.'  I kissed her again, only much more
passionately.  This time, she did not try to pull away.  In fact,
she held me even tighter.  I pulled off her sweatshirt, and
caressed her beautiful white breasts.  The passion rose in her
and her nipples hardened.

``I led her to my bedroom.  We undressed each other, and we made
love on my bed.  She softly moaned as I showered her body with
sensual kisses.  My hand found its way into her wet vagina, and
she squirmed with pleasure as my fingers probed its depths.

``I buried my face between her legs, and stroked my tongue over
her sensitive clit.  I kept eating her until my jaw and my tongue
ached, but I loved my friend so dearly, I didn't want to stop!
Finally, my efforts paid off, and Audrey was shrieking with
pleasure!

``When it was finally over, Audrey started to cry again.  `I love
you so much!' she said.

``I said, `I love you too!' and we spent the evening sleeping in
each other's arms.''  Lori finished her story just in time for me
to come in her mouth.

My plan was working.  I had built up a bond of absolute trust
between Lori and Audrey.  I was now ready to use that trust
against Audrey.  I started giving her subliminal messages telling
her that I made her horny, and that she should obey me.  She
would resist the suggestions, but I now had the means to break
her will.

One Friday evening, Audrey came over to Lori's place for another
``girl's night.''  This time, however, I was hiding in the
closet.  Lori greeted Audrey at the door with a long, passionate
kiss.

``I've got a special surprise for you tonight,'' said Lori, as
she led Audrey into the bedroom.  Lori produced four silk
scarves.  ``Just lie here on the bed.'' Audrey lay still and let
Lori tie her arms and legs to the bed.  After all, Audrey trusted
Lori completely, she believed no harm could come to her.  Lori
kissed her again, and said, ``Your new slave is ready, Master.''

Audrey was shocked as I stepped out of the closet.  ``What the
fuck is going on?!''

``My Master ordered me to tie you to the bed, and I obeyed,''
said Lori, proudly.

Audrey was in total disbelief.  ``What the hell are you doing?!''
she screamed, as I ripped off her clothes.

``Master says that you want to obey him too.''

I started to pinch Audrey's exposed nipples.  She responded to
the subliminal suggestions, and started to get turned on.  But
she still tried to resist.  ``Stop it!'' she yelled, ``I hate
you!!''

``Don't try to resist,'' said the person that Audrey trusted most
in the world.  ``You can't deny your true feelings.  Deep down,
you know he is your Master.''

Audrey was getting confused.  ``How could you betray me like
this?  I thought we were-- Ohhh!!'' she moaned as I brushed my
hand over her wet crotch.

``Audrey, you know that I love you.  I would never do anything to
hurt you.''  said Lori's soothing voice.

``Lori,'' I said, ``Why don't you get naked and show her what
it's like to serve her Master.''  Audrey could have easily looked
away, but she watched with fascination as Lori stripped and
crawled towards me with a look of utter devotion in her eyes.  I
was no longer touching Audrey, but she got hotter and hotter as
she watched this submission ritual.

Lori, too, was getting turned on by the act.  By the time she
reached my feet, she was wet and panting heavily.

``Lie there perfectly still on the floor,'' I ordered, and Lori
instantly obeyed.  I went back into the closet and returned with
a vibrator that I had been saving.  I used the device on Lori's
swollen clit.  When Lori was on the brink of orgasm, I stopped.
Even then, Lori did not move; she would never disobey her Master.
I then brought the vibrator over to Audrey, and did the same with
her.  When she was about to come, I stopped and went back to Lori
for a while.  I switched back and forth between them several
times, never letting either have an orgasm.

I finally said, ``Do you want to come?'' to Lori, who was hot and
desperate.

``Please, Master!  Let me come!! *Please!!!*'' Lori begged.

``I'd love to, but I can't let you come until Audrey submits to
me.''

``Do it Audrey!!'' pleaded Lori.  ``I can't stand it any longer!!
Submit to Master!!!''

The sight of her best friend in agony was too much for Audrey to
bear.  Finally she said, ``Yes!  I submit to you Master!  I will
obey!  I want to obey!''

I released Audrey from her bondage.  ``You may come now, both of
you.'' Audrey immediately rushed to her fellow slave on the
floor.  The two began to eat each other with desperation.  Soon,
my two slaves were at my feet writhing in ecstasy for what seemed
like minutes and minutes!

Epilogue

I resigned from my position at the company.  I used my subliminal
influence on Audrey's superiors, and her glass ceiling
evaporated.  She was promoted to my position, and quickly rose to
become president.  Few who worked with her would ever believe
that this strong-willed and driven executive and her devoted
assistant would go home and be my barefoot slaves.

Audrey and Lori's combined salaries allowed me to stay at home
and perform more experiments.  My understanding of the human mind
became even greater.  I was ready for my next subject...

The End.
