Archive-name: 3plus/sunafter.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Sunday Afternoon ......, A


    My fantasy takes place in my apartment.  It's about 1:00 p.m. on a nice
sunny afternoon.  Andy and I make love earlier today and I'm still so very
horny.  God, he's good.

    Today is the day that my friends come ( or I hope cum ) over.  Once a
month we get together and talk.  But today I want to to be different.

    It's very warm outside so I'm just wearing a skimpy tank top that shows
my hard nipples proturding through and a pair of tight shors that outline my
lips of my pussy.

    The door bell rings, as I get up to answer it, I rub my pussy a little,
it's soooo hot.

    Sue and Pam walk in wearing just about what I am.  Sue is about 5'8",
nice long shapely legs and nice firm big tits.  I'd love to caress them.  Pam
is about 5'6", with smaller tits, not so long of legs, but what an ass.  It's
so small and tight.  What I wouldn't do just to grab and lick that ass.

    As usual we all sit down in our usual positions.  Pam and I are on the
sofa and Sue is sitting across from us.  And as usual we start talking about
everday things.  I do have to do something about this NOW before I just
attack them.

    I start by telling them how Andy made love to me.  How he grabs my tits
and bits my nipples until they are red as cherrys and hard as little pebbles.
 Everytime he does that my juices start to flow.  Then he ever so slowly
licks his way down to my pussy. It craves for his hot tongue.

    As I'm telling the girls about this, I see that Pam is rubbing her legs
together.  I know she's getting horny.  I continue .....
    He first starts to lick my lips.  I keep pushing my clit towards his fac,
(face), I can't stand it any longer.  I push his face right into my pussy, he
starts to lick and bite my clit until I cum all over his face.  I then go
down on his 7" hard cock.  I'm getting so hot just thinking about fucking
him.  He tells me to stop of I'll make him cum.  He lays me on my back and
slowly slips his hard cock into my wet pussy.  With each thrust of his cock,
he brings me closer to cumming.  He tells me how he fantasies about me being
with another woman. That's all it takes, we cum together.
cock and we cum together.
    I can see that this is really getting them hot - sue is rubbing her pussy
and Pam is starting to rub her tits.
    I suggest to Pam that maybe I could rub to tits for her.  She's a little
bit hestitant, but I slowly start to rub her tits.  She moans a little and I
know I have her.
    I start to pinch her nipples, I can tell she really enjoys this.  She's
really moaning now!!  I slowly lift up her top, I have to taste those
nipples.  Sue has removed her shorts and panties and is really getting into
all of this.  I can see her getting wet.
    While I'm licking and sucking Pam's tits, Sue comes over to me and takes
off my shorts and starts eatting my pussy.  She's very good - I'm so VERY
horny.

My juices start to flow all over her face.  She quickly laps them up as if
she can't get enough.
    I suggest that we get on the floor to be more comfortable.  With that, I
start eatting Pam's beautiful shaven pussy and she starts eatting Sue's
slightly hairy pussy.  I still can't believe we are doing this, I'm in
heaven!!!
    At the most wrong moment, the door bell rings,  I can't stop, I'm hocked
on Pam's pussy.  It tastes SO GOOD and she's already cum 3 times.  I want
MORE!!!
    The door bell keeps ringing, I can't ignore it any longer.  I ask who it
is while rubbing my clit in anticipation of having Sue eat me.  It's Andy and
his brother Frank.  I know they would love to join us so I buzz them in and
leave the door ajar.
    They walk in and can't believe their eyes.  I'm now eatting Sue out and
playing with her tits and Pam is eatting me.  Frank, who has never been in a
position like this, doesn't know who to go to first.  I take matters or
should I say, him into my hands.  I start kissing him, our tongues
intertwining together.  Andy, who can't take just watching this, starts
fucking Pam from behind.  She loves his cock as he thrusts deep inside of
her.  Sue, who doesn't want to be left out, pulls Andy out of Pam and mounts
her pussy onto Andy's cock, while Pam plants her hot wet pussy on his face. I
have already begun to cusk on Frank's hard cock, he tastes soo good and hot.

Frank can't take anymore of my sucking and cums all over my face.  He's not
done yet, because he then goes to Pam and pulls her off of Andy's face and
starts eatting her pussy until she cums all over he's face.  I want somemore
action.  I then see Frank's cock is hard again.  With me fucking Frank, I'm
also playing with Pam's tits.  Andy pulls out of Sue and cums all over her
and Pam's tits, and I clean them up.  Frank them pulls out and cums all over
my tits, and the girls and I are cleaning eachother up.  Pam and I then eat
eachother out until be both cum.  Pam and Sue both want more so they start
sucking Andy and Frank's cocks, going back and forth to please them both.
While all of this is going on, I get out my video camera and get it all on
film.  We all get into the action with all of us eatting eachother and
fucking Andy and Frank.  Before we know it, it's 8:00 p.m. and Sue and Pam
have to leave.  But, they do say that they want to do this instead of talking
each month. We're going to invite some of out other girlfriends over next
time.  I'm sure that Andy and Frank can handle all of us.
    Andy, Frank and I watched the video and fucked our brains out all night
long.
    We cant wait until next month .....
    I just with that this wasn't a fantasy. Anyone care to join us and make
it cum true.
    My picture will be show in a couple of days, hope you all can wait!!

--
