
                (M/F, NC, DRUGS, SURG, SLUT, SLAVE, GANG, HUMIL)

                                  DISCLAIMER:

      The below listed story ("Suzanne's New Career"), or fragment thereof, is
entirely fictional.  The characters, places and events depicted in this story
are not intended to represent or resemble any real persons, places, or events.
Any such resemblance is purely coincidental.

      This story is a work of fantasy.  The depiction of any act in this story,
including, but not limited to, non-consensual sexual activity, use of drugs and
other mind-altering substances on an unknowing human being, and degradation,
humiliation or enslavement of a human being should not be construed to imply
that the author condones the performance of said act, neither on part of the
author nor of anyone's else part.

      Furthermore, it is the author's opinion that the methods and techniques
that the narrator of this story is depicted to be using would not, in reality,
be effective in achieving the goals toward which he is depicted to be using
them.

      IF YOU'RE UNDER EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE, OR THE PRESENCE OF ANY OF THE
ACTIONS LISTED IN THE SECOND PARAGRAPH, ABOVE, OFFEND YOU, DON'T READ THIS
STORY.

                               END OF DISCLAIMER

      This story deals with the entrapment of an aspiring female model by a
malicious male, who gradually grooms her into a sperm burping cock hound.  It
contains consensual sex, non-consensual sex, the use of personality altering
drugs, degradation and humiliation.  However, not every one of the above-listed
nasty items appears in each and every chapter.

      This story was originally posted two years ago (1995).  I'm reposting it
now to generate publicity for my new story, "Candace's Education," the first
two chapters of which are being posted now.  This story can also be found on
Simon Bar Sinister's excellent web site of mind-control stories at
http://www.galaxy.net/~simon/.

      Comments and constructive criticism welcomed.  You know what you can do
with the flames, of course.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                                    Suzanne

                                   Chapter 1
                                   =========

      The door to the building across the street opened from the inside.  I sat
up and peered through the eyepiece of the telescope, examining the warmly
dressed figure descending the steps.  It was her. The drab grey overcoat hid
the curves of her nubile young body from view, and the wide-brimmed hat she
wore shielded her face, but the cascade of blond hair flowing down her back, as
well as the youthful spring in her step, gave her away.

      I swiveled the telescope to follow her as she walked down the street,
trying to figure out where she was going.  Up until now, she'd only left the
apartment to go to work, either at one of her photo shoots or at one of her
temp jobs, or to go shopping.  I had her phone tapped, and kept track of her
appointments, so I knew when she went to work.  This wasn't one of those times.
So it must be shopping.  But the stores she went to were in the other
direction. So... something else?  May be it was a date.  It was possible she
could have arranged a date with someone without a phone call being involved.
Unlikely, but possible.

      I kept her in view until she disappeared down a side street three blocks
away.  I grabbed my coat and hat.  Locking the door of the hotel room behind
me, I rushed downstairs and out onto the street. Casually but briskly, I walked
down to the intersection where she'd disappeared.  No sign of her.

      I thought for a moment, weighed the odds in my mind, and decided to wait.
So I took up a position leaning against a building, watching the side street
that my quarry had disappeared down.

      Two hours later, after the sun had set and the streetlights had come on,
she reappeared, coming out of a bar.  She moved a bit less surely than usual,
as though she'd had a bit to drink.  I followed her at a distance of half a
block until she reached her apartment building and re-entered it.  Smiling to
myself with the satisfaction of a mystery solved, I crossed the street to my
hotel.

      She began to frequent the bar, going there approximately every other
night, always emerging a bit tipsy.  I started going to the bar regularly as
well, keeping an unobtrusive eye on her.  The bar was not one of the upscale
yuppie joints, but rather an old neighborhood establishment, catering to older
men.  As a result, she had to fend off a lot of passes from balding men with
expansize waistlines.  I found it amusing.

      After watching this for four or five nights, establishing my bona fides
as a regular patron, I made my move.  My eyes were fixed on her as I strode
across the room from my regular booth to the bar where she sat.  Setting my
drink down on the bar, I sat on the stool next to her.

      She looked up from her drink, causing her lustrous blond hair to shimmer
in the subdued light of the bar.  I almost lost my breath as I look at her
face.  I'd seen it before in pictures, and from a distance, but never up close
and in the flesh.  She was stunning.  I was pleased.  Later on, almost any
other aspect of the body could be modified, but the face had to be good from
the start.

      "Hi," she said, a smile creeping across that captivating face. I'm not
bad-looking, if I do say so myself, and I was a good bit younger than the
average suitor.  Her ocean-blue eyes twinkled in the light.

      "Hi," I responded.  "I'm not very good with pickup lines, so I'll just
have to tell you that you're incredibly beautiful."

      She laughed a bit.  "Thank you.  That's very flattering." Modesty, of
course; she couldn't possibly think she was anything less than gorgeous.

      "I'm Alan."

      "Suzanne."

      We got off to a pretty good start.  She told me she was unemployed at the
moment, temping and trying to get some part-time modeling work.  I made a few
jokes about the sorts of jobs you get from temp agencies, and she laughed and
agreed with me.  I bought her a drink, casually slipping a pinch of white
powder into it.  As the conversation progressed, she opened herself up more and
more to me.

      She had grown up in a small town in Montana.  At age eighteen, she'd left
to go to college in Michigan, majoring in "media arts." After school, she'd
moved to New York City, where she'd worked for about a year as a catalog model
for a few local depeartment stores, making a decent living.  It was a
week-to-week type of existence; she didn't have any contracts, but she'd been
getting quite a lot of offers for short jobs.  She'd been well on her way to a
successful, if not lucrative, modeling career.

      Then, all of a sudden, within the space of a couple of weeks, the offers
had stopped coming.  The photo managers had started telling her that they were
looking for someone a bit taller for such-and-such a shoot, or that what they
really needed was a brunette, or a redhead, or someone with a more "motherly"
look, or whatever.  She hadn't had any work for about three months, and was
filling in with jobs from temp agencies.  What was really depressing, she told
me, was that she had no idea why her career had gone belly-up so suddenly.

      I'd a pretty good idea what it was, myself.  I knew quite a lot about her
life, in some areas even more than she did.  For the past four months, since
I'd first laid eyes on her in a sportswear catalog, I'd been keeping a close
watch on her.  The reason she was having a hard time finding work was that I
was bribing the photo managers not to hire her.

      Well, strictly speaking, I wasn't bribing them not to hire her.  But
every time she applied for a job, I anonymously contacted the prospective
employer, and pretended to be a relative of one of the other models applying
for the job.  I told them how I really wanted young Dierdre or Teresa or Holly
to be successful, and wouldn't they please hire her if I gave them $1,000 cash?
It'd cost a bundle so far, but I could afford it.  I looked on it as an
investment.

      I reassured Suzanne that it was probably just a run of bad luck,
something that happens to everyone now and then.  She smiled sweetly at that,
and thanked me for the support.  I bought her another drink, and over the next
hour I coaxed even more information out of her.  She didn't get along well with
her parents; they were extremely conservative and didn't approve of her career
choice.  She lived alone and had no real friends in the city.  She had been in
one relationship since college, and she'd broken it off three months ago.

      Thanks to the drug I'd been slipping into her drinks all evening, she was
now extremely trusting of me.  When the bar closed, I suggested we continue the
conversation at my place.  She hesitated a second before agreeing.  I took that
as a sign that she didn't usually go home with guys she met in bars, which was
probably a smart policy. A girl could run into all sorts of unsavory characters
in a place like this.  Me, for example.

      We continued chatting as we walked to my apartment.  Not my real
apartment, of course, but one I was renting under an assumed name in a complex
that catered to upscale young singles.  I didn't want her to know where I
really lived, just in case something went wrong.

      When we arrived, she remarked on how clean and neat it was. (It was clean
and neat mainly because I spent almost no time there.) I showed her to the
couch and fixed another pair of drinks; light on the booze this time, because
we'd both need plenty of energy for what was coming up.  To her drink I added
just a dash of a second, different drug.

      I brought the drinks over to the couch and sat down.  We chatted some
more, and gradually our bodies moved closer and closer together.  I managed to
keep things calm until she'd finished her drink; I wanted to make sure the drug
had taken full effect before we went to bed.

      Once her glass was empty, I leaned over and kissed her.  She responded
with a fierce passion that let me know that I'd gotten things right.  Making
sure to keep control of the pace of things, I moved us from kissing into
necking and petting.  Her hands were vibrant, running across my chest, back and
shoulders while she nibbled greedily on my earlobe.  I lightly cupped her
breasts and she moaned.

      Fifteen minutes after she'd finished her drink (I was stealing glances at
the clock on the wall) I began to go further, gradually moving the center of my
attention on her body from her breasts down across her stomach.  I caressed the
insides of her thighs, occasionally coming close to her crotch, but never
actually fondling her there.  I could tell this was getting her excited.

      After about five minutes of this, I got the desired response; she pulled
her mouth away from mine and looked at me with flaming eyes.  "I need you," she
breathed softly.

      The drug I'd given her was a rare aphrodisiac that had been commonly used
in ancient India to heighten the female sex drive.  Two milligrams, taken
orally twenty minutes before the beginning of foreplay, was guaranteed to give
a woman a mind-blowing orgasm, far beyond what she could ever have achieved
unaided.  Five milligrams would give such a powerful ride that she would
probably come down with some sort of mental damage.  For all I knew, ten would
probably give her a heart attack.  Naturally, it was highly addictive.

      The formula had been lost for several millenia, but after three years of
expensive on-site research, I'd found the recipe. Requiring extracts freom
several rare plants, it cost a fortune to manufacture.  Luckily, I'd a fortune
available.

      I lifted her in my arms and carried her down the hall to the bedroom.
Laying her gently down on the bed, I brushed my lips across her's as I
unbuttoned her blouse.  She was constantly moaning with pleasure now.  I
undressed quickly and laid down beside her.  She quickly stripped her clothes
off and embraced me, her crotch thrusting at my erect cock.

      I didn't want to do that just yet, since it would still be about fifteen
minutes before the drug had its maximum effect.  I gently pushed her onto her
back.  Gently teasing her nipples with my hands, I lowered my mouth to her
crotch.

      Her pussy was soaked.  I nuzzled it with my nose, causing her to tremble.
Slowly, ever so slowly, in order to heighten her awareness, I began to tickle
her clit with my tongue.

      "Mmmmmmm...ohhhhh..."

      I gently probed the mouth of her pussy with my tongue, rubbing my upper
lip agains her clit while I did.

      "Ohhhhhh...yeeeesssss..."

      Sensing her building orgasm, I withdrew and began kissing her thighs to
give her a chance to cool down.  After a minute or so of this, I moved my
attention back to her pussy.  The first touch of my tongue immediately sent her
back up.

      "Ohhh, God...yes, yes!"

      I brought her to the edge of orgasm again, and let her hang there for
awhile.  This would enhance the experience for her when I finally did allow her
to cum.

      After ten minutes, she was writhing and moaning. "Ohhh... Alan... It's
never been like this before...I need you so bad..."

      "Shhhhh..." I gently admonished.  "It's better this way.  Just relax and
enjoy it."

      After another five minutes, she could barely contain herself. "God, Alan,
I need you... I need you now.  Pleeeeeeease."

      I realized that the time had come.  I pulled my body up alongside her's.
Kissing her lips, I placed the head of my erect shaft at the entrance to her
pussy.  Gently, I began to make soft, short strokes into her.

      "Mmmm....yeeeessssss..." she moaned.

      I gradually increased the pace as well as the depth of my strokes.  She
was going wild with the sensations.  I knew it was like nothing she'd ever
felt.

      "Ngggghhhh... ohhhhh... ohhh... yesss... harder... harder..."

      When I knew the moment was right, I pulled out all the stops and began
pumping my hard, eight-inch-long member all the way to the back of her cunt.
She was writhing beneath me like a woman possessed.

      "Oh, God... yes... yes... YES!  YES!  YES!"

      I felt her orgasm shudder through her body.  Her cunt gripped me tight as
she screamed in pleasure.  The walls of her pussy were like a velvet vise
squeezing my shaft.  I rode her as hard as I could, while her crotch thrust
furiously at my cock.

      Her orgasm lasted several minutes.  Near the end, my balls boiled over
and I began to cum.  My stick semen filled her cunt to overflowing, and I felt
a large amount of jism squeezing out of her pussy around my cock.

      We came down together.  Her cries subsided, to be replaced by a series of
quick gasps as she struggled to catch her breath.  I kissed her on the neck.
"That was great," I said.

      "Gawd, it was fantastic!" she replied.  "I've never felt like that
before."

      I pretended to take it as a compliment.  "Thank you." Everything had gone
perfectly.

      We quickly fell asleep after that.  The next morning, I woke up well
before Suzanne did, so I surprised her with breakfast in bed. She wa delighted.
After she'd finished, we made love again, and she had another mind-blowing
orgasm, thanks to the secret ingredient in the orange juice.  After she'd
rested a bit, I told her I had to get to work, and offered to drive her home.
She accepted.  I got her phone number and gave her the number for my apartment,
but told her that I was going to be very busy at work, so I doubted I'd be
there much.

      I called her the next day and asked for a date.  She eagerly agreed.  We
made plans to go out to dinner at a fairly pricey restaurant.  I assured her
that I was picking up the tab.

      That evening, I showed up at Suzanne's door fifteen minutes early, with a
box tucked under my arm.  She greeted me at the door with towels wrapped around
her hair and torso, obviously having just gotten out of the shower.  She
ushered me into the living room and showed me to the couch.

      "I have as gift for you," I said as I presented the box to her. "Oh, you
shouldn't have," she demurred, setting the box down and opening it up.  Her
eyes went wide as she looked inside.  She reached in and pulled out a black
satin party dress that glittered in the light.  "Oh, Alan... you can't do this.
This is too much."

      "I wanted to do it," I replied.  "You deserve the best.  I was hoping
you'd wear it tonight."

      "Yes, yes, of course!"  Suzanne reached into the box again and pulled out
a pair of matching black pumps with five-inch heels.  An expression of concern
crossed her face as she examined them.  She looked up at me questioningly.

      "Is something wrong?" I asked innocently.

      "No... no," she said, forcing a smile.  "I'll just go back and get
dressed."  With that, she got up and walked down the hall.  I smiled to myself.
Another small step.

      Fifteen minutes later, she emerged, looking breathtakingly beautiful. Her
blond hair cascaded over her shoulders, which were bare except for the black
straps of the dress.  I'd bought the dress half a size too small, so it
squeezed her slightly, pushing her breasts up over the front of the dress in an
appetizing way.  It similarly hugged her thighs and legs, showing off her
excellent curves.  The effect was amplified by the swing of her hips as she
walked on the high heels.  She wore a pair of simple earrings and a couple of
gold bracelets on one arm.

      "You look fantastic," I said.  She did.

      She blushed.  "Thank you, Alan."  She came over and kissed me. "Let's
go."

      We had a pleasant dinner, during which we discussed the weather, current
events, movies, and her career.  I steered the conversation away from myself.
She trusted me implicitly now, and was very open with me; I didn't need to rely
on a drug for that anymore.

      After dinner, we danced a bit, and took a walk in the park. She thought
it was all incredibly romantic, and I knew she was falling in love with me. She
rested her head on my shoulder while we walked.

      When we got back to her place, she tried to pull me toward the bedroom
immediately, but I begged off.  "Come on, there's plenty of time for that.
Let's sit down and have a drink first.  Besides, I thought it was only men that
wanted to have sex right away after getting home."  She laughed at that and
allowed herself to be persuaded to wait.  She sat down on the couch while I
went in to make us drinks.  Out of her sight, I added the contents of a small
capsule I was carrying to her glass.

      We sipped our drinks and chatted.  Things progressed as they had the
previous night, and soon I was carrying her into the bedroom. She was getting
hot, and as soon as I put her down she immediately began to take off her
clothes.  I stopped her as she reached for the pumps on her feet.  She looked
up at me questioningly.

      "Please, keep them on.  I find them attractive."

      She opened her mouth as if to protest.  I allowed the slightest hint of
displeasure to creep into my face.  She closed her mouth, and said softly,
"Okay."

      I smiled.  She smiled back, in a relieved way.  I took off the rest of
her clothes and mine as well.  She laid back and I moved over her.  As with the
night before, I used my lips and tongue on her pussy and clit to bring her to
the edge of orgams and hold her there for several seconds, in order to heighten
her desire and sensitivity. When the time arrived, I lowered my rock-hard shaft
directly into her steamy pussy.

      I stroked her gently and deeply, causing her to cry out in ecstasy. After
a minute or two of this, I withdrew my cock.  Gently but firmly, I grabbed her
legs, with the pumps still on them, and raised them over her hips. I lowered
them to my shoulders, giving my cock a better angle at her pussy. Before she
realized I was changing our position, I thrust back into her.

      She gasped in pleasure at my re-entry. I began to fuck her deeply,
savoring the feeling of her soft pussy walls against my cock. Her moans
increased in volume and frequency.  "Yes...yes..YES!"  She was loving every
minute of this.

      I picked up the pace as I felt her orgasm build.  I reached down and
began to fondle her erect nipples.  She was tossing her head from side to side
as she bounced her ass on the bed, trying to draw me in deeper on each stroke.
Her moans reached a crescendo and merged into one long scream of pleasure, as
the walls of her hot, wet pussy squeezed my dick, fuelling my own orgasm.  My
cock throbbed as it spurted jism into her cunt.

      Her scream stopped as she gasped for breath.  My ejaculation continued,
my cum dribbling out of her pussy.  We stayed locked together for several
minutes as she struggled for breath.  I pulled my softening dick out of her
soaked pussy, a thin string of jism following it.  I laid down beside her and
kissed her.  "You were fabulous," I whispered.

      She opened her eyes, blinked and turned to face me.  "So were you."

      We fucked again the next morning (after another "breakfast in bed," of
course), and once again she experienced a mind-blowing orgasm.  We laid in bed
for awhile before I told her I had to get to work.  I promised her dinner again
that night, which she eagerly accepted.  She was well on her way to being
hooked.

      Once again, I showed up fifteen minutes early with a gift. This time, it
was a dress in fire-engine red, a strapless body-hugging design that left her
knees exposed and tightly wrapped her hips and thighs.  Also included in the
box were a pair of matching ladies' gloves, two large gold hoop earrings and a
pair of shiny red pumps with five-inch heels.

      She pulled the outfit out of the box, and examined it, a frown of concern
crossing her face.  "Alan, you can't keep buying me these things.  This is
so... expensive."

      I knew that the price wasn't what was really bothering her. She was
worried about looking like a prostitute.  Which was really kind of paranoid.
The dress was a bit racy, but still within the bounds of taste.  Quite
conservative compared to what she'd be wearing before long.

      "Relax.  I can afford it," I reassured her.  "Besides, like I said, you
deserve it."  I kissed her gently on the cheek.  She smiled and went back into
her bedroom to put it on.

      She emerged fifteen minutes later, looking almost edible.  The dress
sparkled in the light.  Again, I'd bought it half a size too small, so that her
her breasts pushed out the top.  I decided she was right.  The dress, combined
with the pumps and earrings, did make her look like a prostitute.  Much more
like an expensive, classy call girl than a cheap street hooker, but a
prostitute nonetheless.  I asked her to turn around for me so I could see the
whole thing.  She complied. "You look gorgeous," I told her.

      We went to dinner again at a fine restaurant, and dined on shrimp and
caviar.  She was quite flattered at the amount of money she knew I must've been
spending on her.  Again, we talked about inconsequential things.  After dinner,
I surprised her by producing tickets to an operatic version of Shakespeare's
"Hamlet" at the city symphony hall.  She was suitably impressed.

      We arrived at the hall half an hour early.  Suzanne turned quite a few
male heads as we strolled into the spacious lobby.  I bought us each a glass of
champagne at the bar to sip while we waited. She held her glass up between our
faces.  "To us," she said.

      "No.  To you," I replied, and clinked my glass on her's.  She smiled at
that and took a drink from her glass, imbibing not only champagne, but the dose
of aphrodisiac I'd slipped into her glass.

      We finished the drinks, entered the performance hall, and found our
seats.  After a brief wait, the lights dimmed and the show began.

      At the end of the first scene, I glanced over at Suzanne, who I'd noticed
had started squirming a bit.  Suppressing my glee, I leaned over to her. "Are
you all right?" I whispered.

      "Yeah, I'm okay," she replied, a little embarrased.

      She managed to hold herself together until the middle of the second
scene, when Hamlet was talking to his father's ghost.  She leaned over and
whispered in my ear, "Alan... I need it."

      I did my best to look surprised, and I think I succeeded. "You mean now?"
I responded, perhaps a bit too loudly, since the woman behind us shushed me.

      "Yessss," she whispered back.

      I paused, pretending to consider the situation.  "You mean you want to
have sex right here in this building?" I asked, forcing incredulity into my
voice.

      "Well... There has to be someplace.  Pleeease," she whispered urgently,
"I need it so baaaad."

      I got up and led her to the aisle, much to the annoyance of several
theater patrons.  We hurried up the aisle to the foyer.  She frantically
gripped the inside of my arm as I looked around for a place we could slip into.
I spied a pair of doors leading into what must be the reception area.  I led
Suzanne over and stuck my head inside.

      The room was large, with a big table in the middle and number of chairs
sitting around the outside wall.  The table was covered by a fancy tablecloth.
Arranged tastefully on top of it was a staggering array of food.  No doubt it
was set up for a reception during the intermission.  Nobody was in it now,
though.  I hurried Suzanne inside and closed the door.

      She threw her arms around me and plastered her lips against mine.  I
could feel the sexual energy bouncing around in her body as she gnawed hungrily
at my lips.  Placing my hands on her ass, I lifted her up.  She wrapped her
legs around me as I carried her to the edge of the table and set her down.

      "Oh, God, I need it so bad..." she murmured.

      I pushed a few trays of food out of the way and forced her to lie down on
the table with her ass on the edge.  I pulled away just long enough to unzip my
pants and free my stiff cock.  I pushed the red dress up her sleek legs,
bunching it up around her waist.  I shoved her panties to one side, revealing
her already-soaked pussy. The drug was clearly having its usual effect.
"Please, Alan, please..."

      I lifted her legs up and rested them on my shoulders.  "Here it comes,
honey," I told her as I thrust my thick shaft into her moist pussy.  She gave a
loud moan of pleasure as my cock penetrated deep into her cunt.  I grabbed her
hips and began to take long, slow strokes, pulling her down onto my shaft with
each thrust.

      The aphrodisiac had turned her into an animal.  Her hands gripped the
edge of the table, providing leverage for her to thrust her ass into me with
each stroke I took.  She gave a sharp cry of pleasure each time my cock pushed
through the soft folds of her pussy.

      "Oh, yes... yes!" she moaned, as I pistoned in and out of her. Her eyes
were closed as she twisted her head from side to side.  As her noises
intensified, I began to worry that someone would walk in on us.  I decided that
was the risk I had to take, though.  I picked up the pace, pounding my hard
shaft more quickly into her silky, wet cunt.

      She quickly reached orgasm.  She didn't scream this time, but I was sure
her moans would easily carry to the lobby.  I didn't care, anymore, though,
because I was about to cum, as well.  Her pussy spasmed and gripped my cock
tightly, and I felt my balls heave and begin to spurt cum.  "Oh, God!
Nnnnnngh!" she moaned as her orgasm swept over her.  I shot my entire load into
her pussy.

      God, it felt good.  I stood there for what must have been a minute while
my orgasm passed.  Suzanne was still lying on the table, her eyes closed, the
red pumps on her feet resting on my shoulders, breathing deeply and moaning
softly to herself.

      I looked up... and saw the kid.  He looked to be about fourteen or
fifteen.  He was dressed in a theatre uniform, and was standing in the service
door carrying a plate of shrimp hors d'ouvres.  His eyes were wide as saucers
and his jaw was practically scraping the floor.

      I'd no idea how long he'd been there.  Thinking quickly, I raised my
index finger to my lips and made a gesture to be quiet.  He didn't react, but
just kept on staring.  Suzanne's eyes were still closed, so she didn't notice.

      I quickly withdrew my cock, eliciting a little whimper from Suzanne.  A
mixture of semen and cunt juice dribbled out of her cunt and began to pool on
the table.  I grabbed a nearby napkin and wiped away some of the excess before
replacing her panties.  Gently, and making sure to keep her facing away from
the kid, I picked her up and set her upright on the floor in front of.  She
stumbled a little before regaining her footing.  I reached down and pulled her
dress down to cover her legs again, smoothing it out with my hands.

      By this time, she'd regained her senses.  "Oh, my God," she gasped, "I
can't believe we just did that."

      "Shhhh," I repsonded.  "We need to get out of here."

      She fought down her nerves.  "O-okay.  Let me get my purse." She turned
around to grab it off of the table, and caught sight of the kid still standing
in the doorway.  She froze, startled.

      "Excuse us," I said to the kid.  "I think we must have the wrong room.
We'll just be going now."  I grabbed Suzanne's purse off the table.  She was
still in shock.  "Honey... let's go."  I said, pulling on her arm.  She
swallowed and allowed me to guide her out.

      I hustled her through the door to the lobby.  As I left, I gave the kid a
wink.  He hadn't moved since I'd first seen him.

      On the way back to the hall through the lobby, Suzanne managed to look
both flushed and white as a sheet.  "My God, Alan, do you think he saw us?"

      "No," I lied, "he walked in just as we were leaving."

      She sighed with relief, but still seemed rather agitated. "But what if he
had?"

      "I don't know.  Maybe you should have thought of that beforehand.  It was
your idea, after all."

      She stopped talking and took on a thoughtful expression.  We stayed for
the rest of the show, but she had trouble paying attention. On the way home,
she brought it up again.

      "It's not so much that we were doing something dangerous and could've
gotten caught; I mean, that's bad, but what I'm really worried about is that I
wanted to do it.  I mean, I just got the urge right there in the theater, and I
had to have it."

      I feigned perplexedness.  "Well, I don't know.  People get the urge in
all sorts of weird places.  It's not something you can control."

      "No, but it's never happened to me like that before."  She was thoughtful
for a minute, then she leaned her head on my shoulder and placed a hand on my
arm.  "Maybe it's just the effect you have on me, Alan.  If that's what it is,
I don't mind at all."

      I smiled and patted her head.  You will mind, I thought.  Oh, yes, you
will.

      I decided it would be best to give Suzanne a good night's rest after the
episode in the theater.  I didn't want to take things too fast just yet.  So, I
dropped her of at her apartment and promised to call her the next day.

      At home, I allowed myself a drink to celebrate my latest success.  The
champagne Suzanne had drunk before the show had contained not one, but two
drugs.  The first was her normal aphrodisiac.  The second drug was what was
called a neural association enhancer.  The effect of the drug was to
temporarily increase the ability of neurons in the subject's brain to
reconfigure themselves and make new connections.

      The Russian scientist Pavlov had performed a groundbreaking experiment in
behavioral study involving a dog, some meat, and a bell. Pavlov would ring the
bell every time he fed the dog.  After several days of this, Pavlov found he
could get the dog's mouth to water by ringing the bell even without producing
the meat.  The dog's brain had rewired itself to associate the bell with food.
And thus Pavlov discovered what scientists today call the Pavlovian response.

      The new drug induced the brain to make such associations much more
quickly.  Experiments on lab animals with a similar drug had shown a dramatic
decrease in the amount of time required to establish Pavlovian responses,
somethimes by a factor of as much as five or ten. The version I'd was tailored
to the human brain chemistry.  I'd obtained it illictly through a contact of
mine in the military, where it was highly classified, and then reproduced it in
my lab.

      The drug had been in effect in Suzanne during our tabletop fuck at the
theatre.  Her brain had begun to form associations between the various elements
of that episode; the hard table under her ass, the danger of getting caught,
the revealing attire she'd been wearing, the feel of the heels on her feet
during the act, the slutty feeling of having sex in a public area, and, most
importantly, the extreme pleasure of the orgasm she'd experienced.

      This one episode wouldn't do the trick by itself, of course. But after
only a few more drug-assisted experiences like that one, Suzanne would be
well-trained, the Pavlovian response firmly embedded in her brain.  By the time
I was done with her, whenever the bell rang, she would crave meat.  Not just
from me.  From anyone.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                           Shooting Off at the Mouth

                                   Chapter 2
                                   =========

      For our next date, I took Suzanne to a movie.  As usual, I showed up
early, bearing a gift.  This time, it was a black halter top, a short white
skirt, a pair of black pumps with the standard five-inch heels, and a couple
pieces of gold jewelry.  Again, I watched uneasiness flicker across her face,
but only for the briefest of instants, before she smiled, thanked me, and went
back to her bedroom to put them on.

      By now, she was addicted to the sex, and I could've used that as leverage
to get her to wear anything I wanted.  But to get that, I would've had to start
using strongarm tactics, openly threatening to break off the relationship if
she didn't do what I wanted.  This was something I'd have to do eventually, but
it wasn't necessary yet.  For now, she was still willing to believe that I was
a nice guy who was really interested in her, and just had sort of an odd thing
about buying her clothes.  I'm sure she was more than a little in love with me,
as well.  It was better to play on this for awhile, nurturing her feelings
toward me while gently nudging her in the direction I wanted. So I took it easy
on the clothes.

      She emerged soon, looking hot as always.  Once again, the clothes were
half a size too small, and pleasant bits of Suzanne strained against the fabric
here and there.  The black and white clothes squeezing her supple body made her
look just a bit trashy. She didn't look like a hooker, though.  More like a
woman who just wanted to be sure to get a lot of looks.  I complimented her, as
usual, telling her how beautiful she was.  She accepted all this in her usual
way, with a pretty smile and a kiss.

      We arrived at the theater and got in line at teh ticket booth. Suzanne
drew more than a few lusty stares from the teenage boys ahead of us in line,
and a number of disapproving and envious glares from their dates.  I wrapped an
arm around her waist and hugged her protectively.

      I bought tickets to a cheesy romantic comedy.  I'd made sure to get us to
the movie well ahead of time, so that we'd be able to buy refreshments.  We did
so, getting a large tub of popcorn and "separate" drinks; myself a large Coke,
Suzanne a medium Diet Coke with a couple of extra ingredients.

      We entered the theatre and sat down to watch the movie.  I put my arem
around her, she leaned her head on my shoulders, and in every way we behaved
like an ordinary couple out on a date.  Thirty minutes into the movie, however,
I felt Suzanne beginning to squirm against me.  "Suzanne?" I whispered.  "Are
you all right?"

      She was startled, and it took her a moment to respond. "Uh... I'm fine.
Just fine."

      I pretended to watch the movie for two more minutes, until I felt
Suzanne's body rubbing against mine.  "What's the matter?" I asked, trying to
look concerned.

      She looked at me, with something bordering on guilt in her eyes.  "I...
I... I need it."

      "How badly?  Now?"

      She looked hesitant, but eventually forced out, "Really bad." The dosage
of aphrodisiac I'd given her had been half again the size of her normal dose.

      I sighed, acting as though this was a chore, and stood up.  We squirmed
past some annoyed people on our row to the aisle, and walked out into the
lobby.  Fortunately, it was almost empty.

      I looked around for a few seconds and then led her down a side hall to a
janitor's closet.  Thankfully, it was unlocked.  We hurried inside and she
grabbed me and kissed me.  Her body started humping against mine through our
clothing.  I unzipped my pants and pulled out my cock.

      I broke away.  "Uh, Suzanne..." I pretended to have trouble getting my
next few words out.  "I'm... uh... not... you know, ready."

      Suzanne blinked, then looked down at my cock.  "Oh..."  Her expression
clouded over for a minute.  "Well, it'll be ready soon, won't it?" she asked,
managing to avoid any sort of explicit description.

      "Well, I don't know.  I mean, usually it's ready by now.  I don't know."
I tried to look flustered.

      "Oh...  Well, let's give it a minute," she said, and resumed necking.  I
fought with all my will to keep from getting hard.  I'd masturbated earlier
that day in order to give myself some resistance, but it was still hard to
avoid my cock's natural desire to spring to action.  When you've got a hot
bitch like Suzanne trying to do the bump-and-grind with you, it takes a lot of
effort to keep your cock from stiffening.  But I persevered, and five minutes
later, it was still limp.  Suzanne looked at me pleadingly.  "What are we going
to do?"

      "I... I don't know." I stuttered.  I knew exactly what I wanted her to
do, but it was important that she make the jump herself.

      Suzanne remained motionless for several tense seconds.  I waited, praying
her innocent young mind would figure it out.  After what seemed like an
eternity, her left hand slowly, ever so slowly, slid from my shoulder down my
arm.  I came to rest inches from my cock.  Suzanne was looking down at it,
breathing hard, trying to steel herself.  With a faint tremble, her fingertips
brushed my cock.

      A surge of pleasure flashed through me at the contact.  This was the
first time she had ever touched my cock.  I fought it desperately, willing
myself not to get hard.  Not yet!  Suzanne closed her eyes and gently touched
my cock again, sending another spasm of joy shooting up my spine.  I was
fighting a losing battle against erection.  Still trembling, Suzanne slowly
began to rub my cock.  She was clearly very nervous about this, and only
allowed the tips of her fingers to touch my prick, rubbing it gently as it got
bigger and harder.

      I let out a soft moan as I gave in to the pleasure of her touch and
allowed my dick to get hard.  Suzanne opened her eyes, a nervous look on her
face.  I smiled reassuringly and kissed her.  She responded positively,
increasing the pace of her strokes on my cock.

      When my cock had fully hardened, I gently pushed Suzanne's hand away.  I
would have been happy enough to let her keep stroking me until I came, but it
wouldn't have been much fun for her.  She needed to have an orgasm in order for
her Pavlov-drugged brain tyo make the proper connections.

      Suzanne took the meaning of my gesture.  She quickly laid down on the
floor and spread her legs.  Good, good, I though.  She was learning quickly.  I
pushed her skirt up over her waist and knelt between her thighs.  Her panties
were wet with pussy juice.  I pushed them aside and drove my hard shaft into
her cunt.

      Suzanne cried out in pleasure and immediately began to thrust her pelvis
at me, trying to draw as much of my cock as possible into her silky pussy.  I
took long strokes, nurturing her growing orgasm, listening to the soft moans
escaping her lips.  Her blond hair swirled back and forth on the ground as her
head twised from side to side. "Oh, God, Alan... Yes!  Yes!"

      I stepped up the pace of my thrusts, bringing her to a screaming orgasm.
She wrapped her legs around my ass, pulling me as deeply as possible into her
while her cunt squeezed my throbbing dick. Her orgasm lasted nearly half a
minutes.  My cock, stimulated by the pressure spasms of her pussy, shot several
spurts of jism deep into her cunt.

      When Suzanne had calmed down, and I'd shot my entire load, I pulled out
of her and got dressed again.  Helping Suzanne to her feet, I brushed her dress
down and smoothed it out.  As usual, she had had her mind blown by the power of
her orgasm.  She snapped out of it after a minute, and we went back to the
movie.

      Suzanne actually enjoyed the rest of the movie.  Rather than cuasing her
distress, as our quickie at the opera had, the interlude in the closet seemed
to have invigorated her, giving har a warm glow. She happily sat through the
rest of the flick, clinging to my arm, a smile on her face.  It seemed that the
idea of sex in a public place wasn't quite so disturbing to her anymore.

      After the movie, we went back to her place and went to bed after our
usual bedtime drinks.  I pretended to have trouble getting it up again, and
asked her to help me.  She complied, rubbing my cock with a bit more
confidence.  I held out as long as I could before allowing myself to become
erect.  I then laid her on her back and fucked her brains out.

      For the next week, Suzanne and I went out almost every night.
Occasionally I'd slip the drugs into her early in the evening, so that she
would get horny while we were still out.  I was eager to progress to the phase
of her training, but I forced myself to hold back.  It was important to take
things slowly, and let everything proceed as if it were developing naturally.
Pushing Suzanne too quickly could ruin the relationship.

      So I took it easy.  Each time we had sex, I coaxed her into stroking my
cock with her hands.  Whenever it was possible, I rubbed her clit while she was
doing this to provide her with some enjoyment. Eventually, I wanted to bring
her to associate touching my cock with her pussy getting wet.  And of course, I
always made sure that the aphrodisiac and the Pavlov drug were working their
magic before I fucked her.  And she always wore the high heels.

      Her confidence and skill steadily increased, and soon she was eagerly
jacking my cock every time it came out of my pants, bringing me quickly to
erection.  The girl had become quite skilled at giving hanjobs.  Almost like a
professional.

      I decided it was time to teach Suzanne the next lesson.

      Once again, I'd given her some clothes to wear for the occasion.  This
time it was a pink summery dress with white polk-dots. The top had a low-cut
neckline, half a size too small as usual, so that her breasts were slightly
squeezed out the top.  The skirt was short, stopping several inches above her
knees, so that her sleek legs were well-displayed.  And her legs looked even
better on top of the five-inch pink heels.

      Suzanne no longer bothered to comment on the clothes I bought her, but
simply smiled and thanked me.  I knew she wasn't overly fond of them, but it
was something she was willing to put up with.  The price she paid to be with
me.

      I'd arranged for us to take a balloon ride at a local park. It was one of
those tethered rides where the gondola is attached to the ground by a rope. You
pay the fare, and you're allowed to ride the ballon up and see the city for
fifteen or twenty minutes, and then the attendant pulls you back down.

      We got to the park half an hour before our balloon reservation.  I bought
a pair of snow-cones which we slurped down while waiting for the ride.  The
syrup from Suzanne's cone colored her lips and some of the skin around her
mouth a bright cherry red.  I mused on this as I watched her eat her treat. The
effect was to make her lips look larger, changing the smiling mouth of the
pretty, innocent girl into the naturally pouting mouth of a cocksucking slut.
How appropriate.

      Our turn arrived.  I paid the attendant, and Suzanne and I climbed into
the large wicker gondola.  After a brief safety speech, the attendant unhooked
us and began reeling out the tether.  The balloon slowly rose into the night
air.  Suzanne and I looked over the side of the basket at the shrinking park
below us.  After rising for several minutes, the balloon reached the end of the
rope and came to a stop with a slight jerk.  Suzanne snuggled against me on the
narrow bench.

      We sat like that for awhile, enjoying the cool breeze, until I felt
Suzanne's hand brushing my crotch.  I looked at her, and she looked back
pleadingly.  "Alan... I need you."

      "Well, we're all alone up here, I suppose," I responded. "Let's go
ahead."

      Suzanne grinned happily as she unzipped my pants and pulled out my flacid
dick.  She began to caress it as usual, attempting to bring me to erection.

      I fought against it with every ounce of my will.  It was important that
her attempts to get me hard with a handjob fail tonight.  I'd thought I was
having a tough time keeping myself soft two weeks ago at the movie theatre, but
that was nothing compared to what I was fighting against now.  Suzanne had
become quite the proficient giver of handjobs, and it was a struggle to resist.

      Nonetheless, I came through.  Five minutes after she'd started, I was
still limp.  This was several times as long as it'd ever taken her to get me
hard before.  Suzanne looked at me with almost the same pleading expression
she'd had on her face two weeks ago at the movie theatre.  "What's wrong, Alan?
Why isn't it getting... hard?"  She must've been desperate.  This was the most
explicit language she'd ever used.

      "I don't know, honey," I responded, trying to sound flabbergasted.

      She went back to work, more determined than ever to get me hard.  Again,
with a Herculean effort, I resisted.  Five minutes later, she paused again,
frustrated and horny.  She was becoming increasingly fidgety, desperate for
cock.

      "Well..." I began.  She looked at me, begging.  "...there is one... other
thing you... could try..." I forced out, faking sheepishness.  I gently touched
a finger to her mouth.  Suzanne's face took on a disturbed look as she
struggled with the idea.

      After several seconds of hard thought, she began to tremble. Slowly, ever
so slowly, she began to bend her knees, lowering herself to face my cock.  With
the fingers of one hand, she tentatively circled the base of my cock.  Balanced
on the pumps, with one hand against the wall of the gondola to support herself,
she slowly leaned forward, her tongue extending itself from her mouth.

      The tip of her tongue made contact with the head of my prick, and that
alone almost sent me over the edge.  I contained myself, though, and only let
out a small moan.  Hesitantly, Suzanne brought her lips down to touch my cock.
A tingling shot up my spine.  Slowly, her lips parted, and my cock entered her
wet, warm mouth.  She paused and looked up at me, her lips encircling my prick,
a questioning look on her face.

      I smiled at her.  "God, that feels good."  She smiled back (as much as
someone whose mouth is stuffed full of cock can smile). Slowly, she began to
pump her head up and down on my shaft.  She wasn't experienced, but she more
than made up for that with sheer enthusiasm.  Soon she was pumping her mouth
rapidly up and down my stiff shaft.  Occasionally, she would look up at me.
That almost made me cum.  Squatting on those high pumps, wearing those tight
clothes, her lips encircling a mougthtul of my thick cock, Suzanne looked like
nothing more than a cheap whore.

      I wanted so badly to cum in her mouth, but that would have to wait.  If
she didn't get to cum, the whole episode would be wasted. So I gently pushed
her off my cock and told her I was ready.  There wasn't enough space in the
gondloa to lie down, so I pulled her up to a standing position.  I lifted her
skirt and thrust her panties aside to expose her sopping wet pussy.  Placing my
hands on her ass, I lifted her into the air, rested her ass on the bench, and
impaled her on my dick.

      She let out an animal-like scream as I entered her wet pussy. She wrapped
her legs around me, her heels digging into my ass, trying to pull me even
deeper into her cunt.  I withdrew until the tip of my cock was just barely
inside her pussy, and then I slammed it info her again, hard.  Shuzanne
squealed in pleasure.  "Oh, yes, Alan..."

      She was building to orgasm already; there was no time to take it slow.  I
started thrusting into her quickly and forcefully, pounding my cock into her
velvety pussy.  Each time, I plunged my full length in, filling her cunt with
my balls resting against her ass, then withdrawing until my cockhead was just
barely touching her pussy lips.  She squealed with delight each time I slammed
into her.  The gondola rocked slightly with each thrust. Soon, she was coming
like a storm, her cries carrying in the night air.  At the same time, my jism
spurted into her waiting cunt, overflowing and dripping out onto the floor.

      After she'd come down, we cleaned up a bit and waited for the gondola to
come back down.  Suzanne's hair was a bit tousled, and I heard a couple of
snickers from a pair of teenage boys as we left the balloon ride area.

      After a leisurely stroll around the park, I decided the time was right to
build on what Suzanne had learned in the balloon.  Back at her apartment, I
fixed the standard drinks (including the Pavlovian drug for her) and soon we
were in bed together.  She didn't even think about taking off the heels this
time.  Good girl!  I mentally congratulated her.

      Rather than go down on her immediately, as I usually did, I suggested
that we might want to try something in which we might both give each other
pleasure.  I was careful to avoid any explicit wording, so that she would think
this was as new to me as it was to her.

      "Like what?" she asked.  I explained the concept of a "69" to her (not
using that name, of course).  She would lie above me, her head at my crotch,
and her crotch at my head, so that I could "lick her down there," and she could
"you know, do what you did on the balloon ride."

      She hesitated for a second, but then agreed.  I laid on my back and she
positioned herself above me on her hands and knees. Teasingly, I tickled her
cunt with my nose and tongue, causing her to gasp.  Slowly, she lowered her
mouth onto my cock and began to pump. I encouraged her by licking her clitoris,
occasionally giving it a short suck with my lips.  She responded by increasing
the tempo of her pumping.

      "Use your tongue, honey," I suggested.  Within a few seconds, I felt her
tongue begin to caress the underside of my cock as she continued to bob her
head up and down on my shaft.  God, that felt good.  I felt a powerful orgasm
welling up in my balls.  I began to thrust my tongue into her wet cunt.  She
shuddered in pleasure.

      I couldn't believe how good this felt.  I'd met this bitch only a few
days ago, and already I had her giving head like a pro. Her tongue was now
swirling back and forth around my cock.  Now, for the real test.

      My cock was ready to explode.  I felt it begin to throb under the
pressure of semen preparing to burst out.  "I'm about to cum, honey... go ahead
and swallow it."  She didn't try to break away, but just kept on pumping her
head up and down on my shaft.  The drugs and my cunt-licking had pushed her
over the edge.  She would do whatever I asked, just so that she could cum.  The
bitch was mine.  She didn't realize it yet, but she was all mine.

      I played her like a violin, bringing her to the peak of her orgasm just
as I shot my load down her throat.  Her whole body shook as she came, and my
cock pumped wad after wad of jism into her mouth. Following my instructions,
she sucked it all down.  She was too far gone with pleasure to think about
doing anything else.  A dribble of my cum, mixed with her saliva, trickled out
of one corner of her mouth, running down her chin.

      I finished coming.  She continued to shudder as her drug-enhanced orgasm
thundered through her body.  I kept working at her clit in order to stretch it
out as long as possible.  When it finally subsided, my dick fell out of her
mouth, and she rolled over and flopped on her back beside me, a stunned look on
her face.

      I moved up next to her and kissed her.  "What's the matter, honey? Wasn't
it good for you?"

      "It was great for me!  That's what bothers me.  What am I turning into?"

      "What's the matter with enjoying yourself?"

      "Doing that?  It's just not..."

      "Not what?  What's the matter with two consenting adults doing whatever
they want?"

      "Nothing.  It's the fact that I seem to crave this so much. It feels
cheap."

      I decided to play my trump card.  "There's nothing cheap about two people
who love each other giving each other..."

      "What?" she interrupted.  "What did you say?"

      "I said there's nothing cheap about two people who love each..."

      "Do you mean that?  You love me?" she asked, tears welling up in the
corners of her eyes.

      "Of course, honey.  I always have, and I always will.  I mean that
absolutely."  I was lying, of course.

      "Oh, Alan..."  She swooned and kissed me hard.  I felt the salty taste of
my own semen in my mouth.  "You're so wonderful.  I love you, too."  She rested
her head on my chest and closed her eyes. Soon, she was fast asleep.

      I smiled.

      The next morning, rather than give Suzanne the usual "breakfast in bed,"
I got up and served breakfast in her dining room. (Actually, it was more of a
"dining nook.")  When she woke up and came out into the kitchen to find me, I
told her to go back and put on her pumps.  She complied without hesitataion. By
this time, thanks to the drug, her brain had been coaxed into forging a link
between high heels and sex.

      She came back out, wearing nothing but the slip and pumps, looking sexy
as all hell.  We sat down to eat.  Her glass of orange juice contained the
usual drugs.  I made the meal into a long, drawn-out affair, so that she
started getting hot midway through. When she at last told me, I informed her
that she would have to suck me off in order to get me hard first.

      She readily agreed, and in no time she was squatting at my feet, balanced
on the heels, sucking my dick like there was no tomorrow.  I reached down and
played with her tits, eliciting moans of pleasure in between her loving strokes
on my cock.  Her head bobbed up and down on my shaft as she sucked like a
vacuum.

      When I was hard, I gently pushed her away.  She stood up.  I turned her
around to face the table and gently pushed her down until she was flat on her
stomach, her luscious ass facing up at me.  I spread her legs apart and
proceeded to fuck her pussy from behind, pushing her into the table with every
thrust.  Moaning and gasping the whole time, she came like a bitch in heat as I
shot my load into her creamy cunt.

      Over the next several weeks, we went out almost every night. Each time, I
brought a new outfit for her.  Sometimes they were expensive, sometimes cheap.
but they were always promiscuous.  Soon after she first learned to suck cock, I
noticed that she would greet me at the door wearing a bathrobe and high heels.
She had been conditioned to the point of having a psychological need for the
heels.

      Each night, I arranged her drugging so that she got hot in a public
place.  Once she got hot while we were walking down a crowded city street, so I
rushed her into a nearby hotel, rented a room, and fucked her brains out.
Another time, I fucked her in a phone booth in a bar.

      Sometimes we did a 69, and sometimes I just fucked her.  When we 69ed, I
made sure that she swallowed my jism, and that she experienced an orgasm at the
same time.  In this way, she would soon grow to enjoy swallowing cum.

      I enforced a similar regimen whenever I fucked her.  By mentally
controlling my own orgasm as much as I could and by varying the pace of the
fuck to control her's, I manipulated things so that she orgasmed right after I
began to cum.  Soon she would associate the pleasure of the orgasm with the
feeling of an ejaculation in her cunt. With luck, she would learn to use her
cunt muscles to massage the dick filling her pussy, so that she could get the
cum she craved out of it.

      With time, she came to respond more quickly to the aphrodisiac.  Soon I
was able to fuck her almost immediately after she told me she "needed it,"
rather than having to go through the hassle of eating her out to get her wet
and ready.

      One evening, we 69ed behind the back row of seats in a movie theater.  It
was reasonably safe, since the theater wasn't crowded, and there was nobody in
the last three or four rows, but Suzanne did freeze once or twice as people
walked past on the way to or from the snack bar.  No one saw us, but I brought
her to orgasm so hard she almost screamed in spite of herself.

      Just for kicks, I drugged her again that time.  She got hot near the end
of the movie, so we left, and headed back to my car.  We were halfway across
the parking lot when her hand shot to my crotch and her teeth grabbed my lips.
She let out a moan of need.

      The parking lot was deserted, so I lifted her up and sat her on the hood
of a truck nearby.  She laid back invitingly.  I unzipped her black leather
miniskirt, and discovered to my surprise that she wasn't wearing any panties. I
look up at her questioningly.

      "W-well, I thought they got in the way, I guess." she stammered.

      I smiled at her.  This was great!  I'd planned on eventually having her
never wear panties, but I thought I'd have to coax her through that like I had
everything else.  Suzanne was going to be a better slut than I'd ever imagined.

      I unzipped my pants and pulled out my stiff cock.  Unbidden, Suzanne
lifted her legs and rested them on my shoulders.  She was wearing black fishnet
stockings that night.  By then, I was able to pretty much dress her as I
pleased.  Grabbing her tits through the fabric of the pink halter top, I
positioned my cock at the mouth of her cunt and slammed it home.

      Suzanne squealed in pleasure, and I fucked her hard.  She must have been
really in need of a fucking that time, because she came within thirty seconds
of so.  By the time she'd come down, I was still hard.  Her cunt relaxed and
stopped caressing my cock, so I wasn't getting as much as usual out of this.

      Suzanne startled me by gently pushing me out of her cunt.  At first, I
was angry.  How dare the bitch beg me to fuck her and then push me out?  But
then I realized what she was doing.

      Suzanne slowly got up and walked around in front of me. Crouching in
front of me, balanced on the stiletto heels, she took my cock into her mouth.

      I was in ecstasy almost immediately.  She had never given me a blowjob on
her own before.  The conditioning had really worked.  She pumped her head up
and down on my rock-hard cock like there was no tomorrow, tongue rapidly
circling my shaft.  In the dim light of the parking lot, balanced on black
stiletto heels, her tits overflowing out of the tight pink halter, the huge
hoop earrings swinging back and forth as her head bobbed up and down on my
prick, Suzanne looked slutty as all hell.  Which was how I wanted her to look.

      She gently squeezed my balls, like I'd taught her.  She felt the cum
beginning to boil up through my cock, and pumped harder.  My jism spurted out
of my prick into her hot, eager mouth and she greedily slurped it down.  One
strand escaped from the corner of her mouth and slowly crept down her chin.
When I was done coming, she released my cock and closed her eyes.  Slowly,
trembling, she raised one finger to her face and wiped up the escaping droplet
of cum.  Her lips closed around the finger and she sucked on it.

      I watched in fascination as her whole body began to shake.  A soft moan
escaped her lips.  She was coming again!  She had experienced an orgasm just
from tasting my cum.  I was so proud of her at that moment.  I couldn't let her
know that I understood what was going on, though.  Not yet.  I watched as the
shuddering subsided.  A drop of pussy juice fell from her cunt to the pavement.

      "Honey?" I asked, "Are you all right?"

      She started, then looked up at me.  "Yeah... yeah, I'm fine," she said
hurriedly.  She stubled to her feet, zipping up the dress and running her hands
through her hair.  "Just... uh... a little dazed, I guess."

      I pretended to accept this at face value.  We headed back to the car.

      Having succeeded in programming Suzanne to orgasm when she tasted cum, I
was prepared to take the next step.  A couple nights later, when we were in bed
at her house, I made the move.  I was plowing my throbbing cock into her cunt,
getting the usual moans of delight, and savoring the feel of the fishnet
stockings on my chest. (By this time, she always wore pumps, stockings, and
jewelry while being fucked.)  I brought us toward orgasm together.  When I felt
my cock begin to throb like it was about to start spurting cum, rather than
stay inside her as usual, I pulled out and moved up her body.

      She opened her eyes, looking pleadingly at me.  "Alan?"

      "Shhh, honey, it's all right."  I reached one hand down to her clit, and
began rubbing her clit.  She closed her eyes, and resumed her moaning.  She
ground her pelvis against my fingers.  Keeping my hand working on her cunt, I
moved up and straddled her body, kneeling with one leg on each side of her, my
knees almost rubbing her armpits. With my other hand, I furiously jacked at my
shaft.  Just as she began to orgasm, I felt myself about to cum.  I aimed my
shaft at her pretty, unsuspecting face, and began to shoot my wad.

      The first spurt made a line across her left cheek.  She failed to notice.
The second splashed across her lips and chin.  A tiny bit dripped into her
mouth between her parted lips.  The third hit her forehead above her right
eyebrow.  I watched as her tongue darted out to sample the cum around her
mouth.  My fourth spurt went into her hair.  Her tongue was now trying to bring
as much cum as it could into her mouth.  My last gob of jism hit her left ear.

      She came down from her orgasm and caught her breath.  I gave her a
goodnight kiss, and, as usual, she went right to sleep, still dazed from the
fucking she'd gotten.  She looked quite the picture of the contented little
whore as she dozed off to sleep, her faced covered with my cum.

      I think it was coming on her face that started to erode her love for me.
By the way she talked when we went out, you'd think she was still the same
woman she'd always been.  But before that evening I'd always seen a sort of
worshipful adoration in her eyes whenever she looked at me, as though the world
revolved around me and I could do no wrong.  I never saw that again after the
night when I came on her face for the first time.  It was gone, replaced by a
sort of wariness.

      This didn't affect her sexual cravings one bit.  The third night I came
on her face, she was actively helping me, her hands jacking up and down on her
shaft, teasing the head with her tongue. She was quite eager to help me cum and
spurt jism all over her face. Afterwards, she would use her hands to wipe it
all up and put it in her mouth, where she would swallow it, often bringing her
to another orgasm.

      The next night I started fucking her tits.  I plowed her pussy until I
was nice and hard, and then withdrew and placed my cock in the valley between
her boobs.  Her chest was an ample 34C; fuckable, but not perfect.  Maybe
someday I'd get something done about that.  In the meantime, I began to move my
hips, sliding my cock up and down between her tits.  I pushed her breasts
together around my shaft, squeezing the nipples as I formed a tube for my cock.

      I took Suzanne's hands and placed them on her tits, indicating that she
should squeeze them around my cock.  With my left hand, I rerached behind me
and played with her pussy while I rubbed my shaft up and down between her tits.

      She orgasmed just as I sprayed me jism all over her face.  In her usual
trance-like state, Suzanne gathered all my jism up on her fingers and licked it
off, sending her up once again.

      Two nights later, she was really getting into the tit-fucking, playing
with her nipples as she squeezed my dick, and licking the head of my shaft
every time it thrust forward through her cleavage.

      The next night, she came all by herself from being tit-fucked; I didn't
have to touch her pussy at all.  Her progress was amazing. In less than a
month, I'd completely changed this bitch.  Using her body's natural responses,
augmented by a couple of drugs, I'd turned her from an ordinary woman into a
cock-hungry slut.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                                 Taking Charge

                                   Chapter 3
                                   =========

      When Suzanne was lying on her back with my cock filling her cunt, or
kneeling in front of me sliding her lips up and down my hard shaft, she was
always willing and eager.  The girl was in love with my cock and would do
everything she knew how to do to get it to yield its load of precious cum. When
she was getting fucked, Suzanne was every bit the cock-craving slut.

      But when she wasn't, which was still most of the time, she was becoming
increasingly unhappy.  She tried to hide it from me, but it was obvious from
the look in her eyes that she was no longer the giddily-in-love Montana girl
that I'd been dating a month earlier. She wasn't miserable, but she was
definitely unhappy.  I assumed that what was happening was that she was
starting to worry about what she was becoming.

      She'd had a very conservative upbringing in Montana, going to church
every Sunday morning and Wednesday night.  Despite the fact that she'd been
asked out on plenty of dates in high school, she'd only kissed one boy before
going away to college.  In college, of course, she'd been exposed to the wider
world, getting intimate with several guys, and having sex with two of them.
Those experiences had helped her discover that sex could be a beautiful thing
between two people who loved each other.  She'd told me all of this at one time
or another.

      But at the core, I knew, she was still the naive little girl from Montana
who'd been taught by her parents and her church that sex was essentially an
evil act, one that good people only engaged in when it was absolutely necessary
to create another human life.  Enjoying sex was evil, she'd been taught, and
women who enjoyed sex were trashy sluts.

      Her enjoyment of the sex she'd had in college hadn't caused her any
distress, because she'd been in love with the two guys she'd had sex with.
Similarly, the mind-blowing orgasms she'd experienced during our time together
hasn't been of any concern, because she'd been madly in love with me, and she'd
thought I was in love with her.

      But now, her love for me was starting to fade, and the sexual mores
instilled in her by her upbriging were trying to reassert themselves.  The love
she'd felt for me before had made her feel secure about enjoying sex, but it
was losing its power, and losing ground to the old taboos.

      Of course, this was only her mood when she wasn't primed for sex.  When
she was fired up and hot to trot, she was still the same fuck-hungry nympho
she'd always been.  And since she tried to hide it from me, I could plausibly
pretend not to notice the change in her mood.  So her increasing unhappiness
was nothing to worry about.

      But then I noticed something else.  Occasionally, I'd catch her looking
at me out of the corner of my eye.  I'd turn to look at her, and, just for an
instant, catch sight of wary, suspicious look on her face.  Her expression
would always change to one of pleasant happiness as soon as turned my head, but
slowly enough that I could catch a brief glimpse into her mind.

      She was starting to become suspicious of me.  I'd introduced her to a
whole world of pleasure she'd never know before, and she was starting to
suspect I'd had some sort of ulterior motive.

      We continued our nightly outings.  Each time I either brought some
clothing for her when I picked her up, or told her ahead of time what I wanted
her to wear.  She always complied.  She never confronted me about the clothes I
made her wear, or the tit-fucking, although I knew they bothered her.

      I suppose she realized how stupid she would sound complaining about these
things, when she obviously enjoyed wearing the clothes and having her tits
fucked.  Also, I'm sure she was worried that if she started an argument, I
might leave her.  Like I said, she was addicted to the sex.  I planned to drive
her to rebellion eventually -- that would be necessary before the proper
relationship could be established between us -- but in the meantime, I was
content to let things go on as they were.

      At this point, Suzanne was behaving like a textbook nymphomaniac.  All I
had to do was slip her some aphrodisiac into a drink, and thirty minutes later,
Suzanne was lying on the floor, eagerly taking my rock-hard cock into her wet
pussy, or running her lips and tongue up and down my shaft.  Her sexual skills,
though not complete, were well-enough developed for the time being.  I spent
the next month, the third of our relationship, moving her in a new direction.

      Up until now, whenever I wanted to fuck Suzanne, I had to arrange for her
to drink something, so I could drug her, and then wait half an hour or so for
her to get hot and beg me to do it to her. This had been fine for awhile; I'd
even gotten quite a bit of enjoyment out of the challenge of arranging a
drugging.  But ultimately, the drug was a liablity.

      For one thing, it was inconvenient, and occasionally frustrating. Several
times I'd been dying to fuck her, and been unable to arrange a drugging. For
another, if I kept this up long enough, the chances were good that Suzanne
would notice me drugging her beverages.  That wouldn't completely ruin my
plans, but it would force me to change them quite a bit.  What I needed to do
was bring Suzanne more fully under my control.

      I started to do this one afternoon while we were enjoying a picnic in the
park.  We had just finished feeding a couple pieces of bread to the ducks in
the pond.  (I'd arranged this, and many other "romantic" activities like it, in
hopes of reigniting her fading love for me.)  We had returned to our spread
blankets and begun enjoying the lunch I'd packed in the basket that morning:
sandwiches, chips, and bottled juice.

      After finishing my first sandwich, I stood up and beckoned to Suzanne.
She rose, confused.  "What's the matter, Alan?"

      "Nothing, honey.  Just come with me."  I took her arm and hurried up the
hill toward a stand of trees and bushes.

      "But where are we going?" she asked, confused.

      I turned and smiled at her.  "I have needs, too."

      "Oh..."  Her voice trailed off.  She was perplexed, and with good reason.
This was the first time I'd led her away to get fucked that she hadn't already
been feeling horny.  She'd had the drug, all right, but it hadn't taken effect
yet.  Nonetheless, she followed me.

      We went in among the trees, where we were well-hidden from outside view.
Gently, I pushed her down to the ground and made her lie on her back.  I spread
her legs and knelt between them.  She was getting quite nervous.  Her mind
wasn't prepared to have sex in an undrugged state.

      "Alan, I don't think this is a good idea..." she protested.

      "Why not, honey?  What are we doing here that we haven't done a dozen
times before?" I asked.

      "Well... I..."  She took a deep breath, trying to figure out what to say.
What she wanted to say, of course, was that this was all wrong, that "she" was
the one who was supposed to tell me she "needed it," not the other way around.
Obviously, she realized how selfish this would sound, because she didn't
actually say it.  "I don't think I... I'm ready..." she protested feebly.

      "Well," I smiled, "you let me take care of that, honey."  With that, I
lowered my mouth to her dry cunt.  She nervously forced a smile and laid back
on the ground, clenching her fists at her sides.

      I flicked my tongue around her cunt, trying to arouse her.  It was tough
going.  She was extremely tense, with all her worries about getting caught and
going to hell for being a slut running loose in her mind.  There was no way I
could possible eat her into arousal.

      Fortunately, I didn't have too.  The drug kicked in after a few minutes.
The change was sudden and dramatic.  Suzanne's body relaxed, and she began to
moan in pleasure as I cotinued to lick her slit.  She put her hands on my head,
pushing it into her crotch, bucking against my mouth.  "Oh, God, that's it,
Alan, oh yessss..."

      I probed my tongue experimentally into her pussy, driving her wild.  I
tasted the first gush of pussy juice as she began to respond to my attention.

      "Please, Alan, I need you...  I need you..."

      I disengaged my mouth from her steamy cunt.  Spreading her legs, I
positioned myself over her.  "Here I cum, honey, here I cum," I told her as I
shoved my cock deep into her sopping wet pussy.

      "Oh, yes," she moaned, "yes, yes, yes!"  Through trial and error, she'd
learned to use her cunt muscles to enhance my pleasure. As I fucked her, her
pussy massaged my cock, sending waves of pleasure down my spine.  Suzanne was
an incredible fuck by now.

      I soon shot my wad into her velvety cunt, which was still expertly
squeezing my dick.  The feel of my jism splashing into her cunt was enough to
send her over the edge into an orgasm.  She bucked and heaved, slamming her
pelvis into me as my engorged dick shot my seed into her belly.  I collapsed on
top of her, spent, as she shrieked her way through her orgasm.

      The key difference between our screw that day in the park and all our
previous fucks was one of timing.  Up until then, I'd always given Suzanne the
drug, and then waited for her to tell me she was horny before fucking her.  But
this time, I'd indicated to her that "I" was horny, and needed to fuck, before
she had started getting horny herself.  Soon afterward, though, the drug had
kicked in and she'd felt the desire to screw.  Her brain would associate the
desire (as well as the orgasm) with my telling her that I needed to screw her.
This would come in useful later on.

      Over the next three weeks, I gradually reduced the number of episodes of
the first kind, the ones that I allowed her to initiate, and phased in the
second form, the ones that I started.  Usually, I timed it so that things
happened in some public area, such as a theater.  We'd be sitting together
watching a movie, or a concert, or whatever, when I'd suddenly grab her arm and
stand up, pulling her up with me.  I'd lead her quickly out into the lobby and
into whatever semi-private area I could find.  In a matter of minutes, she'd be
down on her knees, sucking my rock-hard dick like a three-dollar whore.

      She had started to believe, deep inside, that simply putting a dick into
her mouth would get her excited.  And when the drug took effect a few minutes
later, and started her pussy juices flowing, her brain took it as confirmation
of this association.  The Pavlov drug, in turn, helped the brain to rewire
itself to reflect the new knowledge.

      Sometimes I shot my load into her mouth.  She would greedily swallow
every last drop of jism while her body shuddered in orgasm. Sometimes I'd pull
away early, reposition her, and fuck her wet pussy.  She seemed to especially
enjoy taking it from behind.  I'd bend her over a table, or whatever surface
was convenient, and she would lie on her stomach, bucking against me as I
pounded into her sopping wet pussy.  All the while, her well-trained cunt
muscles would massage my dick until I came, which always got her really
excited.

      The best times, though, were the times when I came on her face.  While
she was sucking my cock, I'd reach down and give her nipples a single firm
squeeze.  I'd developed this as the signal for tit-fucking.  She would respond
by letting my dick slide out of her mouth and readjusting her position so that
her boobs were level with my stomach.  Then she'd place my rock-hard cock
between her tits and squeeze them tightly around it.  Slowly at first, she
would jack her entire body up and down, squeezing and kneading her tits as they
moved up and down along my shaft.  Every time my cock thrust into her face, she
would give it a quick lick with her tongue.

      The whole routine drove me wild.  Watching Suzanne bob up and down on my
shaft, her eyes closed in orgasmic pleasure, I had to struggle to keep myself
from coming in the first ten seconds.  She was one hot bitch.

      Soon I'd be able to hold back no longer, and my cock would start to throb
with my imminent ejaculation.  Suzanne could feel this, and when it happened
her response was always the same.  She would take my pulsating dick in her
hand, point it at her face, close her eyes, and begin to jack furiously at it.

      When my jism shot from my dick onto her pretty, upturned face, she would
start to shudder.  As my sticky white cum covered her forehead, cheeks, nose
and chin, she would try to wipe it up with her free hand and bring it to her
mouth.  By the time I finished shooting my load, she would be experiencing a
full-on orgasm, swallowing as much of my cum as she could get into her mouth.
She never got it all, though, and when she came down from her orgasm she would
sit there, breathing heavily, her face and tits glistening with cum.

      And so, three weeks after that afternoon in the park, I dropped the
Suzanne-initiated episodes altogether.  From that point on, I fucked her
whenever and wherever I wanted to, and she had no say in the matter.

      Technically, the difference was trivial; it was only a matter of changing
the amount of time between when I slipped her the aphrodisiac and when I
unzipped my fly.  But the association formed in her brain was very different.
These new encounters would reinforce in her subconscious mind the notion that
she should get hot whenever I indicated a desire to fuck her.  And, as usual,
the Pavlov drug was making her very receptive to these sorts of associations.

      Initially, she was always hesitant to go into action, like she'd been
that in the park.  I'd always have to calm her down and eat her out or finger
her twat for awhile to get her to relax.  And at first, even this had little
effect; she would remain tense and fidgety until the aphrodisiac kicked in five
or ten minutes later, at which point she dived eagerly into slut mode.

      I got frustrated during a lot of these warmup periods.  It was annoying
to have to sit there and twiddle her clit for ten mintes when I knew damn well
that the aphrodisiac would heat her up soon no matter what I did.  But this was
important.  So I stuck with it, and persevered through the inconvenience.

      Slowly, but steadily, Suzanne learned to relax and enjoy my attention,
even before the aphrodisiac hit her.  Once again, she was learning a lesson,
that getting attention from me would lead eventually to an orgasm.  Quite soon,
she had reached the point where the mere touch of my hands or mouth on her cunt
would send her right up.  And a week after that, I only had to give the merest
suggestion of wanting to fuck, and she'd be eager to go.  This was exactly the
effect I wanted.  Of course, I still made sure she was flying on the
aphrodisiac before I let her orgasm.

      Once I felt that I'd sufficiently established this principle in her, I
moved on to the next step.  First, I set aside the Pavlov drug for awhile.  At
this point, Suzanne was as well-trained as was really necesssary.  Later, I
would bring it back, but for now it would only get in the way.  (Plus, the
stuff was expensive.)  Slowly, over a carefully planned period of six weeks, I
began to lower the dosage of aphrodisiac I gave Suzanne before fucking her.

      At first, her sexual enjoyment dropped off.  This was the riskiest part
of the whole procedure, and I really didn't know exactly what would happen.
Even though I'd known it was coming, the sudden decrease worried me.  I could
tell that her orgasms were less intense. The air of general unhappiness that
had surrounded her for the past couple months thickened.

      I began paying a little more attention to her needs than I'd previously
been. It was important not to lose her now.  Surprisingly, the lessening
intensity of her orgasms drove her to put more and more energy into fucking, as
though she thought it was her fault that she wasn't enjoying it as much, and
she was trying to make up for it.  I actually felt sorry for the poor girl, and
even a bit guilty.  Here I'd spent several months teaching her that sex was the
most important thing in life, making it the end-all, be-all of her existence,
and now I was pulling it away from her.  And she thought it was her fault.

      Fortunately, by the middle of the second week, Suzanne's body began to
compensate for the decrease in the aphrodisiac dosage, and her orgasms started
creeping back up to their previous heights. According to all the literature I'd
read, this was supposed to happen; the effect of the Pavlov drug was not
confined to counscious actions and desires.  Rather, it reached out to affect
all aspects of bodily function.  If you had a pin stuck into your toe
repeatedly as you listened to Beethoven's Fifth while on the drug, hearing
"Da-da-da-daaaaah" in the future would cause you to feel a prickling pain in
your toe.  Not just wince your eyes in anticipation of pain, but actually feel
real pain.

      Of course, what works in one instance doesn't always work in another.  So
I was visibly relieves when Suzanne's body overcame the decrease in drug dosage
and began to deliver inhumanly strong orgasms once again, as it had been
taught.  She was visibly happier; in fact, she was happier than she'd been
since the first time my cum had covered her face.

      I kept to the planned program for the next month, fucking her at least
once a day, gradually reducing the dosage of aphrodisiac to zero.  Her sex
drive remained rock steady for the rest of that period. I was frankly amazed at
the ability of her body to compensate for the loss of the drug.

      On the last day of the aphrodisiac phase-out, I phoned Suzanne and told
her to be ready to go out for dinner at 6:30, wearing the red dress that I'd
given her on our second date.

      I showed up right on time.  She greeted me at the door with a kiss.  "Hi,
honey," she said, bright and cheery.  The moment of truth had arrived.

      Without a word, I placed a hand on her shoulder and began to push gently
downward.  With barely a second's hesitation, she sunk to her knees in front of
me.  Her fingers nimbly undid my pants and brought out my rapidly stiffening
cock.  She lovingly caressed it a few times, and then took it into her hot,
wet, mouth.

      Her head began to bob up and down on my shaft, taking long, deep strokes.
At the top of each stroke, my cockhead would almost slip out of her mouth, and
at the bottom, my pubic hair would tickle her nose.  Suzanne had become very
proficient at deep-throating after discovering that it was the best way to get
a lot of cum.  Her tongue swished back and forth around my dick as she hungrily
sucked on it, occasionally flicking out of her mouth between her lips and my
cock. I placed my hands on her head and gently guided her up and down my shaft.
A thin coating of her saliva glistened on my dick.

      I mentally jumped for joy as I watched Suzanne giving me head. Throught
the last week or so, as I'd continued to reduce the aphrodisiac dosage toward
zero, I'd constantly worried about what would happen at the end.  The
decreasing size of the doses had not had any effect on her sex drive, but I'd
wondered whether that final step might be fatal one.  There's a big difference
between a tiny bit of drug in your system, and no drug at all.  I was relieved
that Suzanne could function just as well without the drug.  Having to shoot her
up before she got fucked each time would be a serious impediment to my plans
for her.

      A wad of jism spurted from the head of my cock.  Suzanne began to pump
faster, swirling her tongue around my shaft at ninety miles an hour.  I
released my load into her waiting mouth.  She eagerly swallowed as much as she
could, but several drops of cum escaped from her mouth and trickled down her
chin.  Her eyes closed as a powerful orgasm shuddered through her body.

      After half a minute, she got up and walked back into her bedroom.  She
emerged some time later with the cum wiped from her chin, and her makeup
reapplied.  She gave me a long, deep kiss.  I could smell my cum on her breath.

      We went to dinner at a five-star Japanese restaurant, where we ate in our
own private room, with our own waiter.  After the meal, I sent the waiter away.
Rising from my chair, I walked over to stand in front of Suzanne.  Bending
over, I gave her a deep kiss as rubbed her nipple through the taut fabric.  Her
hand shot to my crotch and squeezed my rapidly stiffening dick.  With nothing
more than one simple gesture, I'd turned the quiet, refined lady with whom I
had eaten dinner into a cock-craving slut who would do anything to feel warm
jism shoot into her body.

      I lifted her up and sat her down on the edge of the table facing me.
Knowing what was coming, she pulled her dress up to expose her cunt and lifted
her legs to my shoulders.  "Oh, God," she moaned, "I need it, Alan.  I need it
bad."  I glanced down as I pulled out my rock-hard cock and saw that she was
already wet.  It had taken her fifteen seconds!  "Alannnnn... I need iiiiit!"
she pleaded.

      This bitch always needed it.  I positioned the head of my cock at the
mouth of her cunt.  "Here it comes, babe," I told her, and slammed into her.

      Suzanne gave a shriek of pleasure as I drove my meat into her hot pussy.
I paused for a moment, just to listen to her moans.  "Oh, yes, yes..."  Then,
overcome by the display in front of me, I began to piston my shaft in and out
of her silky-smooth cunt.  She responded, thrusting her hips at me with each
stroke.  Her well-toned cunt muscles writhed around my cock.

      Still fucking her, I reached behind her and pushed the empty dishes out
of the way.  She allowed herself to be pushed back until she was lying flat on
the table.  I leaned forward and grasped one breast in each hand as I thrust my
shaft in and out of her.

      She was bucking at me like a bitch in heat, trying to take my cock as
deep into her cunt as possible.  She emitted a moan of disappointment as I
pulled out of her pussy.  I climbed onto the table and straddled her stomach.
Like a well-trained animal responding to a familiar situation, she grabbed her
tits and squeezed them around my cock.

      I began to fuck her tits as she massaged them around my cock. She lapped
at my cock each time it thrust through her cleavage into her face.  I kept it
slow at first because her skin was dry, but after a while the pussy juice on my
cock combined with her saliva to lubricate her tits, and I began to fuck
faster.  She gasped and moaned as I slid my shaft up and down in the valley
between her breasts. Thanks to the training with the Pavlov drug, she got off
on this just as much as she got off on sucking cock or getting her cunt fucked.

      I felt myself about to cum.  Lifting my body up off her chest, I
positioned my cock over her face.  Suzanne grasped it with one hand and began
to jack up and down.  When I came, she aimed the jism into her mouth, and my
first spurt splashed across her parted lips and onto her tongue.  She moved my
dick for the next two wads of cum, taking these on her cheeks and nose.  She
took the next one on the chin, and then placed my dick in her mouth and slurped
down the rest, sending her into another orgasm.

      As I finished my orgasm, I looked down at her face.  The body that just
four months ago belonged to a shy aspiring model from rural Montana who'd only
slept with a man three times in her life now belonged to a finely tuned sex
machine.  With the slightest provocation, her calm, demure personality would
drop away, and in its place would be a well-trained living fuck doll.

      I used my newly drug-free whore twice more that night.  The first time
was on the way home, when we got stuck in a trafic jam.  I was getting angry at
the delay, because I'd been in a hurry to get home and fuck Suzanne again.

      Suddenly, I realized how stupid I was being.  I'd been assuming that I
would have to get home and get the aphrodisiac into her system before I could
fuck her.  But I was missing the obvious: I didn't need the drug to get her hot
anymore.  I could make use of her body whenever I felt like it.  I kicked
myself as I began to unzip my fly.  Suzanne looked over at me, saw what I was
doing, and immediately leaned over to finish the job.  She freed my cock from
the confines of my pants, and immediately went to work.  Five minutes later, I
shot my jism down the throat of a very contened little slut.

      When we got back to her apartment, I immediately fucked her again on her
dining room table.  No preamble; I just lifted her onto the table.  She
immediately laid back and pulled up her dress.  I came hard in her, and she
climaxed every bit as forcefully as she had when she'd sucked my cock in the
same room four hours earlier.

      I spent the next two months playing with my new toy.  I cherished the
freedom I had to fuck her whenever and wherever I wanted to, without having to
get her to drink something first.

      Once we happened to be alone in a subway car and I was feeling horny. As
soon as the train pulled away from the station, I pushed her onto one of the
seats.  Without hesiataion, she lifted her skirt.  I fucked her hard for the
next two minutes, and we both came just as the train pulled into the next
station.  A couple of teenage boys saw us and stared as we cruised past them. I
stood up and zipped up my pants as Suzanne pushed her skirt down and brushed it
smooth.  We passed the snckering teenagers as we left the station.  Suzanne, in
a post-fuck reverie, was oblivious, but I threw them a wink.

      Another time, I felt myself getting an erection in a bar, so I took
Suzanne into a phone booth and had her suck me off.  She complied with
pleasure, leaving some of her pussy juice behind on the floor of the booth.

      Suzanne wasn't any less enthusiastic as a result of her constant use.
When she wasn't in sex-toy mode, though, she was becoming more and more morose.
I couldn't get her to talk about it. I'm sure that part of her mind was
becoming increasingly alarmed at the growing casuality with which I fucked her,
and that part was desperate to leave me.

      But the stronger part of her mind was addicted to the sex, and couldn't
even consider the thought of giving it up.  Thanks to the training I'd given
her, the weakest of the four orgasms she had in an average day was far stronger
than the most powerful orgasm any other woman could expect to experience in an
entire lifetime.  Women have become addicted to sex far less powerful than what
I was giving Suzanne.

      How did I manage to cum in her (or on her) four times a day? I'm not
really sure; I certainly wouldn't have expected myself to be capable of it
before I started doing it to Suzanne.  My theory is than any other man who had
a hot pussy and a skilled mouth available twenty-four hours a day would find it
difficult not to make use of them at least four times a day.  When I was
feeling really horny, I could do her six or seven times in one day.

      She never complained to me about whatever it was that was bothering her,
and she let me dictate almost every detail of her life. I moved into her
apartment.  I didn't even discuss it with her; I just showed up with a suitcase
one evening and told her that I'd be living with her from now on, and I'd need
someplace to put my clothes.  She didn't raise a finger in protest; she just
obediently walked back into her bedroom and made space for me in the dresser
and closet.

      She continued to allow me to determine her wardrobe.  I took this to even
greater extremes than I had previously.  When we went someplace elegant, like a
play or society ball, I'd have her dress in something elegant, but bordering on
trashy, like the red dress I'd gotten her for our second date.

      When we went someplace casual, though, I'd usually dress her almost like
a hooker.  One of the outfits I liked consisted of a white fishnet bodysuit
that covered her toso, leaving her breasts and nipples visible through the
mesh; a short black denim skirt; and a white denim jacket that was cut in such
a way as to be impossible to close, but which would just barely conceal her
nipples.  The gap between her tits was openly displayed, and anoyone who cared
to watch closely enough could usually get a glimpse of nipple.  I bought
several of each component of this suit in different colors, so that she could
go in black or red or whatever combination of colors I felt like.

      Another classic was her "candy" outfit.  This consisted of a halter top
with horizontal black and white stripes and a black-and-red pleated skirt.  On
her feet she wore red-and-white-striped socks and red spiked heels.  The outfit
was completed by a pair of white kids gloves with red polka dots, a black bow
in her hair, and a pair of red plastic hoop earrings with white spots.  This
outfit was the least slutty of her "casual" ensembles, but it still got the
attention of plenty of people, particularly older men, who were no doubt drawn
by the almost childlike, yet extremely sexy look of it.

      But my favorite outfit was what I thought of as the full-on slut
ensemble.  This was a black halter top with an obscenely low neckline; a shiny
red leather skirt, cut extremely short, just barely covering her ass and
hugging her legs tight; and a pair of shiny black leather boots with six-inch
stiletto heels that coevered her legs up above her knees.  Again, this outfit
could be done in several color combinations, but black/red was my favorite.

      Sometimes I included fishnet stockings with these outfits; sometimes I
just let her legs go bare.  I always included high heels. (By this time, she
had become so attached to high heels that she would probably be a nervous wreck
without them.  Aside from that, the tendons on the backs of her ankles had
contracted from never being stressed, and it would have been extremely painful
for her to stand, let alone walk, flat-footed.)

      I kept her hair long enough to reach her nipples.  Each time we went out,
I'd tell her how to wear it.  When we were going someplace "elegant," it would
either be pinned up against her head in typical ballroom style, or conditioned
into soft, gentle waves that cascaded over her shoulders.  When she was
dressing slutty, though, I had her use one of a large variety of styles --
sometimes straight down her back, sometimes in curls or crimped, almost always
teased out to maximum volume.

      And of course, a wide selection of earrings, bracelets, necklaces,
chokers, and anklets was available.  These were used tastefully with the
elegant outfits (a simple gold or pearl necklace and a bracelet or two on one
writst), and liberally with the slutty ones (an overlong faux-pearl necklace
dangling down to her navel, and at least two or three gaudy bracelets on each
arm).

      In order to make space for the new clothes I was buying her, I threw out
all of the clothes she had had before I met her.  None of them were really
useful for her new role.  I was surprised, though, to find some rather flashy
lingerie in her underwear drawer.  Although I'd told her that she was never to
wear underwear again, I decided to hang on to the lingerie.  It might come in
handy sometime.

      I still took Suzanne to movies and plays and things like that, but I
tended to prefer doing things that would let her be seen in public as much as
possible.  To that end, we often walked around in malls and parks, took
shopping trips into downtown, and went to bars and nightclubs to hang out.  I
would parade around in public with this gorgeous, sluttily-dressed woman on my
arm, the envy of every man in sight.

      The best time I had during this period happened one evening at a park.
Suzanne was fully decked out in halter-top, ass-revealing red leather skirt,
and knee-high black leather "fuck me" boots.  We had been walking around the
park for about an hour.  Every once in awhile I'd dart my hand up under her
skirt and give her clit a few soft strokes, and then pull back and resume
walking.  Over time, as I continued this, she became more and more horny and
frustrated.  I was curious to see just how much she could stand.

      Eventually, she took action.  As we walked around a bend in the path in
the middle of a small stand of trees, she whirled around in front of me and
dropped to a crouching position in front of my crotch.  With a speed I hadn't
thought possible, she whipped my dick out and wrapped her lips around it.

      Her tongue whipped back and forth around my cock as her head plunged
furiously up and down.  I leaned against a tree, savoring the sweet sensations
of Suzanne's mouth around my prick.  The teasing had gotten her quite excited.

      My shaft rapidly grew hard.  I pushed my whore's head away from my
crotch.  She immediately turned around and dropped to her hands and knees,
holding her ass high, presenting her dripping pussy to me.  "Give it to me,
Alan, give it to me!" she begged.  I slammed my meat hard into her fuck-tunnel.

      I fucked my hot little slut at a furious pace, plunging my thick, hard
shaft in and out of her tight, silky cunt.  Suzanne bucked hungrily against me,
moaning in pleasure each time I thrust into her. She was oblivious to the fact
that we were in a public place, oblivious to everything except the cock filling
her up, giving her so much pleasure.

      Drawn by Suzanne's cries, a crowd had started to gather, watching
interestedly as I screwed Suzanne.  The women were scornful, the men envious.
But nobody could leave.

      As I approached orgasm, Suzanne disengaged her cunt from my cock and
turned around to face me.  Without a word, she grasped my cock in her hands and
jacked it furiously at her face.  I exploded in orgasm, and massive streams of
ropy cum shot from my prick to splash across Suzanne's face and chest.  She
eagerly sucked down what she could, and used her fingers to gather up the rest
and put it in her mouth.  Her eyes closed and her body shook as she orgasmed
from the taste of my jism, collapsing to the ground in ecstasy.

      The crowd watched, awestruck at the sight of the cock-craving slut taking
her man's spunk on her face and gobbling it down.  I paid them no attention as
my orgasm wound down, my last few spurts of cum landing on Suzanne's sleek
legs.  She laid on the ground, shaking as her orgasm rumbled through her body.
I stood over her, exhausted, slowly replacing my cock in my pants and zipping
up my fly.

      When at last she came down from her orgasm, Suzanne sat up quickly and
looked around, realizing for the first time the crowd that had gathered.  Her
embarassment caused her to recover from the aphrodisiac quickly.  She stood up,
blushing in humiliation, and quickly smoothed her skirt down to cover her
soaked pussy.  Her face and tits were still shiny with my cum.  A thin strand
of pussy juice dripped from the opening in her skirt down to the ground.
Walking slowly, taking my time, I led her away from the crowd, back to the car.
"What a slut," somebody exclaimed behind us.  Suzanne gripped my arm tighter,
her cheeks burning in humiliation.

      Suzanne's attitude when she wasn't primed for sex remained constant
throughout this whole period -- a sort of resigned indifference.  She didn't
enjoy looking and acting like a slut, but if that's what I wanted, she was
willing to do it to keep the sex coming. She was remarkably cooperative, always
doing things immediately and correctly the first time.  I never had to raise my
voice to her.  She had come to believe that the situation between us was
stable.  I got to do almost whatever I wanted with her body, including
occasionally humiliating her in public, and if she acted cheerful about it, she
got to experience mind-blowing orgasms.  She seemed content to live the rest of
her life that way.

      Unfortunately for her, it wasn't going to be that easy.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                              Spreading the Wealth

                                   Chapter 4
                                   =========

      After I'd spent a month or two enjoying the benefits of having my own
private whore ready for me at a moment's notice, I decided it was time to break
out of the rut and start the next phase of Suzanne's training.  I was counting
on this next stage of Suzanne's education to push her over the edge, forcing
her to rebel so that I could exert full control over her.  Two months to the
day after I'd first fucked her without drugs, I took her back to the Japanese
restaurant we'd eaten at that night.

      I'd reserved a private room again.  The food was as good as I'd
remembered it.  I made pleasant small talk, and Suzanne pretended to enjoy it.
After dinner, I sent the waiter away, and stood up.

      Suzanne, well-trained by this point, immediately got up and walked over
to me, ready to be fucked.  Placing my hands on her firm ass, I picked her up
and set her on the edge of the table.  She leaned back and hitched her skirt
up, preparing for my entry into her juicy pussy.

      I rolled her onto her stomach and spread her legs apart so that I could
enter easily.  Pulling my hard cock out of my pants, I placed it at the
entrance to her cunt, teasing her.  She started to moan as she got hot, begging
me to fuck her.

      Suddenly there was a beeping from my belt.  I reached down and unhooked a
small pager, pretending to look at the display.  Suzanne had opened her eyes
and was arched around looking at me questioningly. "Alannnn... do it..."

      "I'm sorry, honey; that's my beeper.  It's probably important, or they
wouldn't have paged me at dinnertime.  I'd better go answer it."  I zipped up
my fly.

      "No... I need it... baad..." she moaned, writhing on the table.

      "I'm sorry, but I really need to take care of this.  I'll tell you what:
you stay there just like that.  I'll go make a phone call and then I'll come
right back and take care of you.  Don't touch yourself, and don't move from
that spot.  You stay in exactly that position, okay?"

      "Hurryyyyyyyyyy..."

      "Okay, I'll be right back."  I opened the door and stepped into the hall.
Leaving the door slightly ajar, I strode off down the hall. I cooled my heels
for a few minutes in the lobby before creeping back up the hall to peek through
the crack between the door and the frame.  My hot little tramp was lying
exactly where I'd left her, breathing heavily, occasionally letting out a soft
moan.  Her legs were far apart, and her snatch was wide open, begging to be
fucked from behind.  Perfect.

      I walked back down the hall to the restaurant lobby, where our waiter,
who'd earlier informed us that his name was Rick, was hitting on the cute
hostess.  Rick was a fairly well-built guy of average height with trim blond
hair.  By his age, I guessed he was a college student.  "Rick," I called.

      He turned, saw me, and walked over.  "Sir?  What can I do for you?" he
asked attentively.

      "Rick," I began, "you seem like a nice guy.  Can I trust you with an
important job?"

      He hesitated a second before cheerfully responding.  "Of course, sir!
What can I do for you?" he said, repeating his earlier question.

      I lowered my voice conspiratorially.  "Well, it's kind of complicated.
You've had your share of girlfriends, I'm sure, haven't you, Rick?"

      "Yes...yes I have, sir."

      "So, then, you're not a... uh... a virgin, are you?" I asked, pretending
to be a bit uncomfortable.

      "Ah, no, I'm... I'm not." he responded, omitting the "sir" for the first
time.

      "Well, have you, um... ever had a girlfriend who wanted... uh... wanted
something unusual?"

      Rick frowned, puzzled.  "I'm not sure what you mean, sir."

      "Well, you know, like... a girl who enjoyed... having her feet rubbed.  I
mean, everybody likes a good foot rub, but, you know, some women "really" enjoy
it?"

      "Oh, uh... yes, I think I see what you mean.  Yes, I suppose I've run
into that sort of thing once or twice."

      "Okay, so you know what I'm talking about.  Well, you see, my wife, whom
you no doubt remember..."

      "Yes, yes.  Very attractive woman, sir, if you don't mind my saying so."

      "Thank you, Rick.  Well, see, she likes..." I lowered my voice even
further "... strangers."

      Rick frowned for a minute before he figured it out.  "Ah, okay, yes, I
understand."

      "Good, good.  So anyway, today's her birthday, and I wanted to arrange a
little surprise.  Could you... uh... help me out, if you catch my drift."

      "Mmmm... you want me to... uh... be the stranger?"

      "Yes, yes, that's exactly it."

      "I suppose I could do that, sir."

      "Great, great.  You're a good man, Rick.  Here's what you do. My wife,
she really likes a surprise, see?  So right now she's lying on the table in our
dining room, all... uh... ready.  See, I pretended to have a beeper emergency
just as we were about to... uh... do what you're going to do with her.  And she
promised me she'd be waiting in that exact position when I got back.  She won't
be able to see you, the way she's lying.  So what you have to do is sneak in
there real quiet-like and just... do it.  Remember, she likes a surprise, so
don't make any noise until you're... doing it.  And don't say anything, no
matter what.  Just keep on going.  When you're done, just leave, and then go
make yourself scarce.  It'll be...  more romantic... if she doesn't see you
again.  Got all that?"

      "Yes, sir."

      "Okay, you go on back and do that.  Here's enough to cover the meal, and
a little... compensation for your trouble," I said, stuffing two hundred-dollar
bills in his shirt pocket.

      "Okay.  So I should go now, sir?"

      "Yes.  Leave the door open just a crack.  I'll follow you and watch
through the crack in the door to make sure nothing goes wrong. Remember, be
absolutely quiet until you start going."

      "Okay, sir."  Rick squared his shoulders and walked up the hall toward
our room.  I waited ten seconds before following.  When I got to the door, I
peered through the crack.  Suzanne was lying in the same position I'd left her
in, legs spread far apart, cunt invitingly exposed.

      Rick stood behind her, staring at her glistening cunt. Slowly, and with
the utmost care, he pushed down his pants, being careful not to make any noise.
Suzanne was moaning so loudly, though, that I doubt she'd have heard anything
softer than a voice.

      Rick positioned himself behind her, examining her pert little ass facing
up at him.  It occurred to me that Rick might be an ass man.  God, I hoped not.
I didn't need to deal with that just yet.

      Fortunately, Rick didn't do anything creative.  He took a deep breath,
put his hands on her legs, and plunged his cock into Suzanne's pussy.  She
squealed in delight at his entry and gave a long groan of pleasure.

      Rick froze, apparently shocked by the massage he was getting from the
muscles of Suzanne's cunt.  She was always quick to start milking once a cock
was in her.  After a few seconds, Suzanne got impatient and started thrusting
at Rick, begging to have her pussy pumped.  Rick snapped out of it and began to
thrust in a slow rhythm. Suzanne matched his thrusts and pushed against him.
Gradually, Rick picked up the pace, slamming his dick into her with more and
more force.

      Rick's cock was about the same thickness as mine, but at least two inches
shorter.  Suzanne had assumed he was me during the slow, shallow strokes at the
beginning, but when they started really going at it, she suddenly opened her
eyes.  I guess she realized that when his balls slapped her ass, the deepest
part of her cunt was still unfilled.  Still thrusting at his cock, still
moaning in pleasure with every movement, Suzanne arched her head and shoulders
around to look behind her.

      An expression of shock crossed her face when she saw Rick behind her
instead of me.  Rick took no notice, and continued to pound his cock into her
cunt.  She actually froze for a moment, completely stunned.  After a second or
two, though, her body took over and began to thrust back at Rick again as she
neared orgasm.  Though her conscious mind was probably alarmed at being fucked
by a stranger, her body's trained reactions were in control.

      Rick cried out in pleasure as he came.  An instant later, Suzanne's eyes
closed and her body shook in a powerful orgasm, the strongest she'd had in a
long time.  Rick's sperm overflowed from her cunt as she collapsed to the
table, moaning in pleasure.  I'd slipped a half-dose of aphrodisiac (the first
she'd had in months) into her after-dinner drink to ensure that she would
remember this episode as being particularly pleasurable.  Rick collapsed on top
of her.

      Rick remained on top of her for a few minutes, then kissed her shoulder
and stood up.  I walked back down the hall to the lobby and waited for him to
emerge.

      He did so half a minute later, looking a little disheveled, but basically
all right.  I congratulated him and gave him an extra hundred for doing such a
fine job.  The hostess watched us, confused. I sent Rick on his way, and told
him to stay out of sight for at least ten minutes.  Then I headed back down the
hall to our room and walked nonchalantly through the door.

      "Okay, honey, I'm ready to... Oh, my God!  Suzanne!  Are you all right?"
I feigned alarm.

      She laid dazed on the table, Rick's semen dripping from her still-open
pussy.

      "Honey!  Honey!  What happened?" I asked, shaking her.

      She lifted her head wearily to face me.  "Other guy..." she muttered.
"Thought... it was you..."

      "Oh, my God, were you raped?"

      She got a thoughtful expression, as though considering the possibility
for the first time.  She shrugged.  "Guess so."  She was so dazed that she
didn't seem to know whether that was good or bad.

      I tried to look stunned.  "Well, are you hurt?"

      "Nnnno."

      I sighed, pretending relief.  "Let's get you out of here, honey."  I
helped her to her feet and straightened out her clothes. She allowed herself to
be led back to the lobby and out of the restaurant.  The hostess saw Suzanne's
disheveled state, put two and two together, and gave me a look of shock and
disgust.  "You are a sick person," she informed me self-righteously.

      "Well, I hope you'll pardon us for not paying our bill after one of your
waiters raped my wife," I retorted.  I hurried out the door before she could
respond.

      I didn't fuck Suzanne for the rest of that night and the next day.  I
wanted the episode to sink in.  Not only had she been on the aphrodisiac, in
order to ensure a powerful orgasm, she'd also been on neural enhancer, in order
to imprint the pleasure she experienced from the cock of a stranger.  It was
time to resume her training.

      The next night we went to the opera again.  As had been the case with our
first visit, we arrived half an hour early.  So once again, we each had a glass
of champagne while we were waiting.  And, of course, her's contained the two
drugs.

      Ten minutes after the show started, I grabbed her arm and led her briskly
out of the theater and into the lobby.  Ushering her through the door into the
reception room we'd fucked in the last time, I told her to wait there for me.
By this time, of course, my trained sex-toy was already hot and desperate to be
used.

      After closing the door, I went down a nearby access hall to the storeroom
where the caterers had set up the kitchen. It was empty at the moment, except
for the teenager who'd walked in on us last time.  I smiled.  This was most
fortunate.

      I walked up to the guy and asked him his name.  "L-Larry, sir," he said,
his voice cracking.  Ah, puberty.

      "Well, Larry," I said, handing him a fifty-dollar bill, "walk through
that door," I paused and pointed to the door leading to the reception hall, "in
exactly five minutes.  Then do exactly what I tell you."  I turned and walked
away before he could respond.

      I circled around and entered the reception room through the main doors.
Suzanne, apparently getting pretty hot by this time, greeted me with a
smothering kiss, grinding her pelvis against me. She hadn't been fucked since
the night before in the restaurant, and I think it was really bothering her.  A
woman has needs, and by this time, Suzanne had the needs of ten women.

      Once again, I lifted her up onto the edge of the table.  She laid down on
her back and pulled up the dress she'd been wearing.  I spread her legs apart
and tickled her moist pussy.  She squirmed and began to moan.  I wanted to make
sure she really enjoyed this.

      I unzipped my pants and pulled out my rigid cock.  Placing the head
gently between her cunt lips, I put the slightest amount of pressure on her
pussy.  She moaned and pleaded with me.  "Oh, Alan, pleeeeease... I need it..."

      As soon as I heard that, I slammed my cock into her pussy. Suzanne's cunt
muscles began to squeeze and caress it, trying to milk all the cum they could
out of my prick.  After a minute, I pulled out.

      Suzanne whimpered at the emptiness of her pussy.  I climbed up on the
table and dropped to my hands and knees.  Positioning my body at right angles
to Suzanne's, I placed my crotch directly over her face.

      Suzanne immediately took my prick into her mouth and began to suck.  The
cock in her mouth made her forget about her empty cunt. She swirled her tongue
excitedly around the tip of my dick.  At that moment, the service door opened
and Larry walked in.

      Several emotions crossed his acne-ridden face.  The first was shock. That
lasted for a few seconds before gradually being replaced by lust.  Lust gave
way to recognition as he looked at my face again.

      I made a shushing gesture, and then crooked my finger at him. He shook
out of his stupor and tiptoed over to stand near me.  Suzanne was completely
oblivious to his presence.  Her eyes were closed and she was concentrating on
my cock in her mouth.

      I looked at Larry as I pointed to Suzanne's wide-open cunt. He looked
uncertain.  I gave him a look of exasperation, pointed at his crotch, and then
pointed at Suzanne's cunt.  He walked over to stand in front of Suzanne's
glistening, ready pussy.  Still uncertain, he looked at me again, and pointed
at Suzanne's cunt with a questioning look on his face.  I gave him a big nod.
He's have to do it soon, or else Suzanne would've already orgasmed from my
cock.

      Larry slowly unzipped his pants and pulled out his rigid dick. He placed
it in front of Suzanne's cunt and hesitated, looking up at me again.  I
silently mouthed the words "Fuck her!" at him.  He looked down at her cunt
again, gulped, and sank his cock deep into her.

      Suzanne's mouth froze around my dick.  She struggled to lift her head,
but I'd positioned myself so that my cock pinned her to the ground.  My body
prevented her from seeing Larry, who was similarly frozen, a look of awe on his
face.  I gestured at him, trying to tell him to start pumping.  Slowly, he got
the idea, and began to take long slow strokes in and out of Suzanne's pussy.

      After another second or two, Suzanne slowly resumed sucking on my dick.
Soon she was back in the swing of things, swirling her tongue around my
cockhead, while her hips thrust against Larry's strokes.  Larry and Suzanne
began to move faster as she approached orgasm.  She sucked harder and harder on
my dick, moving her head up and down as far as she could without banging it on
the table.

      Larry moaned as he began to cum, and I shot my wad down Suzanne's throat
at the same time.  Seconds later, she orgasmed, squirming beneath us on the
table.  When she had come down, I motioned to Larry to leave.  He withdrew his
cock from her cunt, zipped up his pants, and hurried out.  I lifted myself off
of Suzanne's face and got to my feet.  Suzanne was in the same daze she'd been
in after Rick fucked her.  I helped her to her feet, and straightened out her
clothes.

      I didn't bother going back to the opera; I just led Suzanne down to the
garage and to my car.  I knew we would need to be someplace private when
Suzanne came out of her slut mode and got angry.

      This happened when we got home.  As soon as I'd closed the door behind
us, she whirled to face me.  "You had absolutely no right to do what you did
tonight!" she declared angrily.  It was the first time she'd ever taken that
tone with me.

      At last, I knew, I could finally esablish the proper relationship between
us.  "Do what?" I asked innocently.

      "You know damn well what I'm talking about!"

      I put a concerned look on my face, though I was smiling inside.  "I'm
afraid I don't, honey.  What's the matter?"

      "You had that guy come in and... do that to me.  And you just let him do
it.  And you sent that waiter in last night, too, didn't you?"  She pointed a
finger at me accusingly.

      I sighed.  "Yes, honey, I did," I said in a tone of admission. "I thought
you'd enjoy it."

      "Well, I didn't!"

      "Come on, honey, you know you did."  I decided to push a little.  "You
enjoyed getting fucked by those guys.  And I bet you'd enjoy getting fucked by
other guys.  What's the matter with a man trying to make the woman he loves
happy?"  It was the first time I'd used the "F-word" with her, and she was
shocked.

      "How dare you!  What do you think I am, some kind of slut?"

      Time to go for broke.  "Frankly, yes.  You have a need to be fucked as
much as possible.  The slightest touch gets you horny, and when you aren't
getting your pussy reamed by my cock, you're either rubbing your tits against
it, or sucking on it.  And the mere touch of my semen..."

      "Get out!" she screamed.

      "Honey, I don't think..."

      "I said get out!  Or I'll call the police."

      I shrugged.  "Okay, if that's the way you want it."  I went back to the
bedroom, picked up my suitcase, and walked back out to the front door.  "Here's
my address," I said, placing a card on the phone table.  "Come by anytime you
change your mind."

      She glared at me coldly.  "Get out."

      "Suit yourself," I said as I walked out the door, a big smile on my face.

      I figured she would be crawling back to me within twenty-four hours.  But
the next evening, she hadn't cum, and I started to worry. There was nothing I
could do.  Calling her would only weaken my position.  I had to stand firm.  It
wasn't until the second evening after the argument, when the rain was pouring
down otuside, that I heard a knock at my door.

      It was Suzanne.  She was wearing a yellow poncho and a matching hat.  It
was kind of cute.  I noticed red heels peeking out under the bottom of the
poncho.  "Hi," she said softly.

      "Hi," I responded.  "Come on in."

      She walked in and I closed the door.

      "Let me help you off with that," I said.

      "No, I'd prefer to keep it on for now," she replied.

      I shrugged.  "Suit yourself."  There was a long pause.

      "Alan," she said at last, "I'm... I'm sorry I got so upset with you. I...
I realize now that you were j-just trying to make me feel good.  S-so let's
just forget it happened, okay?" She looked at me pleadingly.  "I miss you."

      I waited a few seconds before responding.  "I miss you, too, Suzanne. But
I can't go back to your place anymore.  However, if you agree to follow my
rules, you can move in here with me."

      She was silent for a long time.  "Wh-what are the rules?" she stammered.

      "I can't tell you unless you promise to do exactly as I say from now on,
without hesitation, no matter what I ask you to do. Anything I want."

      She paused.  "Alan, can't we just forget what happened and go back to the
way it was?  You liked it that way, didn't you?  Look, I'll even do it with
other men, if it makes you happy.  I... I admit I enjoyed it.  I w-want to do
it again.  Please, Alan?"

      I fought to keep myself from lauging and lost.  Here was Suzanne, the
quiet, reserved Montana girl, promising to fuck other men if only I'd take her
back.  "You really are the little slut, aren't you?"  She looked away as if
she'd been slapped, her cheeks burning in humiliation.  "No, Suzanne, we can't
go back to that," I continued. "You had your chance with that, and you blew it.
This is the only way now.  You can either agree to my terms, agree to do
whatever I ask, eagerly and without hesitation, or you can walk out that door
and never see me again."

      She didn't speak for over a minute.  Then, finally, almost inaudibly,
"All right.  I promise."

      "You promise to do whatever I tell you, immediately and without
question?"

      "Y-yes."

      "All right.  Here is the way it's going to be.  Repeat everything after
me.  From now on, you are going to be my slave."

      "What?" she shrieked.

      "You've already promised to do whatever I want.  But, if you don't like
it, I'll still let you leave if you want, and never see me again."

      She stared at me as though she thought I was joking.  I met her gaze with
a stern look.  She realized I was serious and the incredulity on her face gave
way to fear.  "Y-you can't mean that, Alan," she stammered.

      "I do mean it, Suzanne.  Maybe you should just leave and we'll forget we
ever knew each other," I said, reaching to open the door.

      "No!" she yelled, grabbing my arm.  We stood there, frozen, for several
tense moments.  At last, Suzanne took a deep, shuddering breath.  "I... I'll do
it.  I'll be your s-s-s..." She spat the last word out.  "... slave."

      "All right, then," I responded, lowering my arm.  "Repeat what I just
told you."

      "I... I am your s-slave."

      "You are my bitch."

      "I..." She took another deep breath.  "I am your bitch."

      "You are my slut."

      "I am your s-slut."

      "You have no will of your own."

      "I have no will of my own."  She was beginning to shake with fear.

      "You are a fuck doll, whose sole purpose is to be used by men for their
pleasure."

      Her eyes reddened.  "I am... a f-fuck doll.  My purpose is... to be used
by men for their p-pleasure."

      "You are my sex toy, to play with however I want."

      "I am your... sex toy, to play with however you want."

      "You will be fucked whenever, wherever, and by whomever I chose."

      She choked back a sob.  "I will be f-fucked whenever, wherever, and by
whomever you choose."

      "From now on, your name is Suzi."

      She looked up at me, a tear rolling down her cheek.

      "Say it," I commanded.

      "M-my name is Suzi."

      "Suzi the slut."

      "S-Suzi the s-slut."

      "You will always refer to yourself in the third person, as Suzi, or
slave, or slut, or bitch, or anything else."

      "I will always refer to myself in the third person..."

      "All right.  You don't have to repeat any more.  From now on, whenever we
are alone, you will address me as 'master'.  Do you understand?"

      "Y-Yes." she said through her tears.

      "Yes, what?"

      "Yes, m-master."

      "Now, slave.  Tell me why you came over here."

      "B-becuase I... need it."

      "Third person," I admonished.

      "S-Suzi needs it."

      "Needs what, bitch?  I can't do anything unless Suzi tells me what it is
that she wants.  What does Suzi need me to do?"

      "Suzi needs you to... f-f-f-fuck h-her, master."

      "Using what part of my body?  And use some adjectives, like 'hard'."

      "P-please fuck Suzi with your hard... p-penis?"

      I had to laugh at that.  "Suzi, a doctor uses the word 'penis'.  A slut
uses a different word."

      "F-fuck suzi with your hard c-c-cock."

      Good enough for now.  "Take off that poncho, Suzi."

      The newly rechristened Suzi unbuttoned the poncho and dropped it to the
floor.  I was amazed to discover that she was wearing her "candy" outfit.  She
must've been pretty horny when she got dressed this morning.

      "Now come over here and suck my cock, bitch," I demanded.

      Suzi eagerly fell to her knees in front of me.  She unzipped my fly and
pulled out my hard shaft.  She was about to put it in her mouth when I stopped
her.  "Tell me what you want to do."

      "I..." She caught herself.  "Suzi wants to suck your cock, master."  I
looked at her, waiting for more.  "Please let Suzi suck your big cock."  She
looked at me pleadingly.

      I smiled.  "All right, slut, go ahead."  She eagerly pounced on my meat,
slurping at it like she hadn't had it days.  Which I guess she hadn't.  I was
swiftly aroused by her skillful blowjob.  Her dextrous tongue tickled my shaft
as her head bobbed up and down.

      I stopped as I was about to cum and pulled my shaft out of her mouth. She
looked up at me.

      "What do you want now, slave?"

      The feel of my cock in her mouth had sent her into slut mode by now.  She
was desperate for me to cum in her, so she spoke quickly and eagerly.  "Suzi
wants you to cum in her mouth, master.  Please let Suzi swallow your hot cum."

      Suzi was learning fast.  "All right, bitch, take your master's cum."  She
put my cock back into her mouth just as I started to cum, sending hot, sticky
wads of jism down her throat.  Suzi orgasmed as I finished, her whole body
shaking with pleasure as she eagerly sucked down every last drop of cum.

      "Did you enjoy that, slut?" I asked.

      "Yes, m-master.  Suzi enjoyed tasting your c-cum in her m-mouth."  A
dribble of jism ran out of Suzi's mouth and down her chin as she spoke.

      "Lie on the couch, whore." I commanded.  Suzi scampered over to the couch
and laid down on it, her glistening wet pussy exposed.  I sat down in a chair
next to her, gazing at the soft folds of her cunt. She needed it.  I wasn't
ready, though.  "What do you want, now, slave?"

      "S-Suzi wants to be fucked."

      "Be more descriptive."

      "Suzi needs to have her c-cunt fucked by her master's hard cock."

      She was getting good at this.  Clearly, she was quite aroused. I had a
suspicion I wanted to investigate.  "When was the last time you had your cunt
fucked, whore?"

      "L-last night, m-master."  She was clearly quite nervous about this, but
also excited.

      So!  She'd managed to stay away from me so long by fucking other men.
"Tell me about it, slave."

      "I went to a..."  She caught herself and started over.  "Suzi went to a
bar wearing a leather s-skirt and h-heels."

      "Why did you wear them, bitch?"

      "S-Suzi wore them to get f-fucked.  D-dressing like a w-whore makes men
want to f-fuck Suzi."

      "I see.  And how many men fucked you?"

      "Th-three."

      "Where?"

      "One in the p-parking lot, t-two in a m-motel room."

      "What were their names?"

      "D-don't know."

      "So you fucked three men last night, not even knowing their names."

      "Y-yes, master."

      "What does that make you?"

      "A s-slut."

      My dick was getting hard again.  "Do you want to get fucked?"

      "Y-yes, master.  P-please fuck Suzi."  She was squirming on the couch,
thrusting her hips at an imaginary cock.

      "Then tell me what you are, and make it good."

      The bitch needed no encouragement.  "S-Suzi is a horny slut who always
needs to be fucked.  Suzi needs a hot cock inside her. Suzi is a bitch who
needs to taste hot, sticky cum.  P-please fuck Suzi's hot pussy, master!"

      I was near the bursting point.  Rising from my chair, I pulled Suzi off
the couch and thrust her to the floor.  She immediately got on her hands and
knees, presenting her dripping pussy to me.  I roughly grabbed her hips as I
slammed my cock into her silky cunt.

      Suzi screamed with pleasure.  "Oh, fuck Suzi, master!  Fuck your slut
with your hard cock!  Ohhh... master's cock feels so good in Suzi's cunt!
Nnnngh!  Fuck Suuuuziiii!"  I reached under Suzi and grabbed her tits, using
them as leverage to thrust my dick into her as hard as possible.  She writhed
in pleasure on my cock, slamming her hips against me as forcefully as she
could.

      Suzi came as she felt the first spurt of jism explode from my cock. "Yes!
Yes!  Shoot your cum into Suzi's hot cunt!" she yelled. "Fill your slut's wet
pussy with your jism!  Yes!"  Suzi's cunt muscles clenched tightly at my dick
as my creamy load shot into her belly, milking it dry.  I collapsed on top of
her, exhausted, my still-hard cock filling Suzi's pussy.

      After catching my breath, I pulled my cum-covered cock out of her cunt
and pulled myself up to sit on the couch.  "Clean my cock, slave," I commanded.

      "Yes, master," Suzi responded.  Dutifully, she crawled up next to me on
the couch and began licking my soft shaft, gathering up the cum and pussy juice
covering it and slurping them down eagerly.  Ropy strings of cum dripped from
her wet pussy onto the leather of the couch.

      I took my new fuck doll back to the bedroom and made use of her three
more times that night.  Each time, I got her hot, then made her beg for my
cock.  "Please, master, fill Suzi's hot, wet cunt with your big thick cock,"
she would ask, and I'd oblige by reaming my slut's cunt.  "Please, master, fill
Suzi's slutty cunt with your sticky cum," she would beg, and I'd have no choice
but to shoot my jism into her hungry pussy.  But at the end, she asked me to
"fuck Suzi's tits and shoot your cum all over your bitch's hot, slutty face,"
and I knew I had a winner.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                                      Suzi

                                   Chapter 5
                                   =========

      The next several days were spent wiping out all traces of Suzanne.  I
moved the clothes I'd bought her to my apartment, and put them in a closet
which I designated as Suzi's.  I put the cosmetics and jewelry into a vanity
table I'd purchased just for her. The rest of her stuff I sold to a local
thrift shop for cash.

      Suzi and I went to Suzanne's bank to close her accounts.  I threw out the
cashier's check.  It was a trivial amount of money compared to what I had, and
cashing it would just leave a trail that Suzanne's relatives could follow if
they ever tried to track her down. We cancelled the lease on her apartment
without leaving a forwarding address.

      Once Suzanne had been erased from existence, I set Suzi up on her new
daily schedule.  I got ahold of some videotapes of professional strippers
preforming, as well as a video camera, and set up one of the extra rooms of my
apartment as a practice studio for Suzi.  She was to teach herself to dance and
striptease by watching the tapes.  The camera was for her to watch herself
doing it, so she could refine her technique.

      I also bought a tanning bed, so that she could get a smooth, even tan
without having to leave the apartment, and a treadmill and a few exercise
machines, to keep her in shape.  I set up an exercise regimen for her,
emphasizing overall conditioning, to build her stamina.  In addition, I had her
do a lot of chest development exercises, in the hope of doing something about
those small tits of her's, as well as some legwork to build up her ass.

      Suzi followed the same routine every day.  She would get up in the
morning and serve me breakfast, after which I'd usually fuck her either in the
mouth or the cunt (but only after she begged me to). She would spend the rest
of the morning practicing her dancing, eat a healthy lunch, and then practice
for several more hours in the afternoon.  Usually I'd interrupt this at some
point to fuck her, again making her beg before entering her. After she'd put in
her eight hours of dance practice, she'd spend an hour in the tanning bed,
followed by an hour of physical workout.  Then she'd fix and serve me dinner.

      Some evenings I'd take Suzi out for dinner and to a movie, but not nearly
as often as I had with Suzanne.  Most evenings, we would stay home and she
would watch porno films, studying the way the women in them behaved.  We went
to bed early, so that I could give her one or two training fucks and still let
her get plenty of sleep. Throughout the day, she was expected to keep herself
looking sexy and ready to be fucked, like a good little slut.  Once Suzi had
settled into her routine, I started up the training again.

      I walked into the bedroom to find my slut waiting for me on the bed.  As
per my instructions of half an hour ago, she was wearing a tight black halter
top cut so low that it almost exposed her nipples, a shiny red leather
miniskirt, and a pair of knee-covering black leather "fuck me" boots, with her
standard five-inch heels.  The top was pushed down to expose her pert breasts,
and the skirt was pushed up to her waist, exposing her damp pussy.  Excellent.

      "Doggie style, bitch," I commanded.  Suzi quickly obeyed, rising to her
hands and knees, her pert ass sticking up into the air. Here eyes were closed
in expectation, anticipating the warm cock that her excited pussy needed so
badly.  Suzi's training was coming along well, and she was rapidly developing
the proper attitude toward sex. That is to say, she was learning that her body
was a toy for me to use for my pleasure, and that the only way she would ever
experience pleasure herself was by being used in this way, as an object for
sex.

      But there was still a significant portion of her original emotional
makeup intact, fighting inside her against what she was becoming.  This remnant
of Suzanne was still in control of Suzi's body whenever she wasn't aroused,
which was still a majority of the time. And while Suzi was almost always happy,
content in her role as a slut and a whore, Suzanne was depressed and miserable.
She never rebelled or disobeyed me, but it was obvious from her manner that she
was unhappy.  She went about her chores, her dance practice, and her exercises
with a dogged determination, in fear of what might happen should she fail
rather than out of a true love of what she was doing.

      But Suzi "loved" her work.  And that was why she was winning the battle
between the two.  When it came time for me to make use of my slut, the weary,
depressed Suzanne was all to eager to give way to the bright, energetic,
cock-craving Suzi.  And every time Suzi was brought forth, she grew stronger
and Suzanne grew weaker.  Even though Suzanne doubtless knew that by
surrendering control to the slut she was dooming herself, she was still more
than happy to give it up when the time came, out of sheer misery.  It was form
a suicide.  Suzanne knew that, and she didn't mind.

      So as a result, she was always craving use around bedtime, when I'd come
in to give her her lessons for the day.  She knew that soon she would be a
cum-hungry nymphomaniac, experiencing pure pleasure as she sucked on a cock, or
had her pussy reamed fast and hard.  Tonight, however, she was in for a
surprise.

      I climbed up behind her on the bed and pulled a tube of vaseline out of
my pocket.  She couldn't see me from her position.  I spread a liberal amount
of vaseline on the fingers of my right hand. With my left hand, I gently began
to rub Suzi's pink little clit.  She moaned in response, thrusting her hips
back at me, trying to fuck my fingers, trying to get anything she could into
her cunt.  Carefully, I brought my right hand down to her ass, slowly rubbing
her anus.

      Suzi started at the touch of the cool lotion in an unfamiliar location,
jerking her body as she craned her head and shoulders around to look at me.  I
slapped her ass.  "Sit still, slut!  Just relax, and this won't hurt."

      Suzi whimpered and returned to her position.  She was tense, though,
scared at the prospect of somthing unfamiliar.  Slowly, carefully, I slipped a
vaseline-covered finger into her rectum.

      She screeched in fear but did not move.  "That's a good girl, Suzi," I
told her.  "Good little slut.  Just relax..."  I continued to maneuver my
finger around inside her, trying to spread the lotion as much as possible. When
I'd done as good a job as I'd ever be able to, I pulled my finger out and wiped
off the excess lotion.

      "Now, then, Suzi," I said, speaking in my calmest voice, "this won't hurt
if you just relax..."  I began rubbing her clit again, eliciting moans once
more.  But her cries carried a tinge of fear in them.  I rubbed her harder,
trying to bring her off more strongly, trying to get her to relax.  I placed
the head of my stiff cock at the entrance to her rectum.  Removing my hand from
her clit, I spread her ass cheeks as far apart as I could, opening her up as
much as possible for my entry.  Suzi was trembling in fear now, having figured
out what was going on.  I reached a hand forward and pushed her chest and
shoulders down into the bed, giving me the best possible entry angle. As gently
as I could, I pushed the head of my cock into her ass.

      She screamed in pain at my entry.  I moved my left hand to her clit,
trying to bring her off and calm her down.  It was slow going, but eventually
she stopped screaming and settled into a soft whimpering.  Her ass was
incredibly tight around my cockhead.  God, it felt great!  Slowly, I pushed
another inch into her lubricated asshole.

      She screamed anew, and it took another minute to calm her down.  I
continued to finger her, trying to bring her up the road to orgasm.  I
whispered gently to her.  "A good little slut knows how to take a cock up her
ass."  Suzi mewled in pleasure and pain.

      Inch by inch I entered her asshole, stopping after every new thrust to
calm her down and bring back to some amount of pleasure. This was easier than
it would normally have been, thanks to the aphrodisiac, but it was still slow
going.  The walls of her ass squeezed around me with an intense pressure.

      When I'd pushed my full ten inches into her, I slowly, slowly, began to
fuck her ass, continually rubbing her clit.  I kept it slow to minimize the
pain, but she was still squealing in fear almost constantly.  After I'd been
inside her for nearly half an hour, I brought her to orgasm as I shot my sperm
into her ass.  As usual, she was under the Pavlov drug, and so she was
learning, slowly, to enjoy having her ass fucked.

      I waited for my cock to soften.  With an audible pop, I pulled out of her
ass and laid down beside her.  She was softly crying. "Listen to me," I told
her.  Here eyes opened and she looked fearfully at me.  I continued.  "That
hurt, but in time you'll grow used to it." I held out the bottle of vaseline to
her.  "It would have hurt a lot more without this.  From now on, you will keep
yourself lubricated with this at all times.  If I ever check, and find you dry,
I'll do it to you right there, and it will hurt.  Understand?"

      She nodded meekly, still in shock over what had happened.  I smiled.
"You're becoming a fine little slut, Suzi."

      In general, I wasn't very interested in anal sex.  I was teaching Suzi to
take a cock up her ass because it would be useful skill in her new line of
work, not because it was something I'd a particular thing for.

      Over the next week, I continued to train her in this technique.  Always,
I fingered her clit as I fucked her ass, using the Pavlov drug to cause a
pleasure association to form in her brain, teaching her to orgasm at the feel
of cum in her ass.  The bitch was so tight down there I found myself enjoying
the action despite my general lack of interest in this sort of thing.

      One afternoon during this period, I got a phone call.  The caller was a
middle-aged businessman calling from a hotel, repsonding to an ad for "Adult
Services" I'd placed in the local paper.  We verbally, danced around for a few
minutes, ascertaining each other's bona fides.  When we finally got down to it,
I told him Suzi was avaiable for a massage at $200 for a full hour, plus tips.
He agreed, told me where he was staying, and I promised Suzi would be there in
an hour.

      Her first job!  I hadn't expected it to come so soon.  The customer was
interested in someone trashy, so I had Suzi put on one of her slutty outfits, a
new one I'd purchased recently.  It consisted of a shiny silver slip dress that
left the gap in her cleavage well-exposed and just barely covered her ass, a
pair of black fishnet stockings, and two shiny elbow-length gloves.  It was
fully accessorized with several oversized fake pearl necklaces, a gaudy
bracelet on one wrist, a pair of black hoop earrings, and of course the
ever-present five-inch spiked heels, in black this time.

      After she'd finished touching up her makeup and hair, we drove to the
hotel.  While we drove, I briefed her on the proper way to act, how to defer to
the customer's wishes, and when to ask for money.  I fixed a small microphone
to her left earring, so that I'd be able to listen in on the action and
intervene in case Suzi came into any danger.

      We got to the hotel.  After Suzi had wrapped herself in a trenchcoat, we
walked throught the lobby to the elevators.  Suzi drew a number of lustful
stares, despite the thick coat hiding her body. We rode the elevator up to the
customer's floor.  I waited around a corner in the hallway while Suzi knocked
on the door.

      I heard the door open, and a male voice say, "Well.  You must be Suzi."

      "Yes, Mr. Jones.  At your service."

      "Come on in."

      Suzi stepped inside and the door closed.  I moved up to stand in front of
it, ready to enter at a moment's notice.

      "Suzi needs to see your driver's license," I heard her say.

      "Here you go."

      Suddenly it occurred to me that it might seem odd to the customer for
Suzi to be talking about herself in the third person. Well, shit.  It was too
late now.  I'd have to let things go and just hope it didn't bother him.

      He paid her, including a $200 tip, and offered her a drink. They sat down
and talked.  He tried to start a conversation, asking her questions about
herself, where she was from.  Suzi's responses were simple and direct.

      "Suzi is a whore.  Suzi is a slut who lives for cock.  Suzi needs to be
fucked."

      After a few tries, he gave up.  "God, you really are just a little tramp,
aren't you?"

      "Oh, yes, Suzi is a little tramp who will do anything for a cock."

      He was quite turned on by her dirty talk, judging by the tremor in his
voice.  "T-try mine."  I heard the sound of a zipper.

      Suzi's voice.  "Oooh, your cock is so beautiful.  Suzi wants to suck it.
Can Suzi suck your cock?  Please?"

      "G-go ahead, slut. Oh!"  He grunted in pleasure.  God, I was getting so
horny from listening to this.  I listened intently as Suzi's customer built to
orgasm.  He was really getting into this. "Take it down your throat, you little
slut!  Yes!"  I could only imagine what was going on.

      After he had finished coming in Suzi's mouth and Suzi had orgasmed, they
settled down for a bit, doing some necking and fondling.  Soon, she started
begging him to fuck her.  He had absolutely no objections, and did so.  Suzi
kept up a monologue all through the process.

      "Oh, yes, Mr. Jones, your cock feels so good in Suzi's cunt. Suzi hasn't
had a cock in her cunt all day, and this big thick one feels so good.  Yes! Use
Suzi like the whore she is!  Fuck her slutty pussy with your wet cock until you
shoot your jism into her belly." The volume of her cries increased as his
orgasm built.  "Yes, yes! Ram your meat into Suzi's wet pussy!  Oh!  Yes, yes,
YES!  Shoot your sticky white cum deep into Suzi's cunt!  Yes! YES!  FUCK
SUZIIIIIIIIIIII!"

      They came, and for awhile all I heard was the grunts and moans of orgasm.
Slowly, they came down.  "That was incredible.  You are one hot little slut."

      I heard Suzi putting her clothes back on.  A moment later she walked out
the door.  I greeted her with a big smile and a raging hardon.  Gripping her
hand, I led her to the stairwell.

      Unsurprisingly, it was deserted.  Most of the people in the hotel used
the elevators.  I closed the door behind us and unzipped my pants, freeing my
erect cock.  Suzi, still aroused from her recent fucking, needed no prompting.
She bent over and grabbed the stair railing, thrusting her pert little ass up
in the air.  Not bothering with any formalities, I lifted her skirt up and
slammed my meat into her moist pussy.

      I fucked her hard and fast in that position for several minutes.  I was
incredibly horny from listening to her fuck that guy in the hotel room, and my
cock was desperate for release.  I placed my hands on her hips and jerked them
violently toward me with every stroke I took.  Suzi put very little effort into
it; she was content merely to be used like a rag doll, muttering softly to
herself.  "Oh, yeeees, master, fuck Suzi.  Fuck Suzi's slutty cunt with your
hard cock.  Mmmmm."

      After a minute or two of pumping Suzi's cunt up and down on my shaft, I
came explosively, jism spurting from my prick into her tight cunt.  Suzi
screamed in pleasure as her third orgasm in an hour washed over her, and my cum
dribbled out of the corners of her pussy.  God, she was fantastic.

      I continued training Suzi in the fine art of taking a cock up her ass.
She didn't enjoy it, but as the days passed, she slowly grew used to it and
stopped crying whenever I fucked her there.

      One morning I surprised her by getting up early.  Suzi had just taken her
shower, and was sitting at the vanity table, styling her hair and putting on
her makeup.  Usually I didn't wake up until almost an hour later, after she'd
gotten dressed and fixed breakfast.

      I got up casually and walked over to stand behind her.  She looked up at
me, curious as to why I was up so early.  "Stand up, slut."  I commanded.  She
obeyed, setting down her lipstick and standing at attention.

      Slowly, I caressed her ass with my hands.  She trembled in anticipation.
Without warning, I stuck a finger into her anus, eliciting a shriek from her.
It was dry.

      "Bitch!"

      "Yes, m-master?"

      "What did I tell you about your ass?  What are you supposed to have in it
all times?"

      She started to cry, unable to answer, shaking in fear.

      "I said to keep your ass lubricated at all times, didn't I?"

      "I-I was about to, m-master.  It's just that you don't usually g-get up
this early, and..."

      "All times, bitch!  Now you'll have to suffer the punishment."

      Suzi shrieked and whirled to run.  I grabbed her arm firmly and threw her
to the floor.  She looked up at me in horror, too frightened to take action, as
I knelt above her.

      Roughly, I grabbed her and forced her to her hands and knees. She was
crying in sheer terror.  With one hand I positioned my cock at the entrance to
her dry anus, and with the other I pushed her head and shoulders down to the
floor, giving me the best possible angle of entry.  When she was positioned
just right, I slammed my cock full force into her tight, dry ass.

      She screamed.  Not the scream of pleasure she usually gave when I fucked
her to orgasm.  Not the scream of fear mixed with pleasure that she had given
when I was teaching her to ass-fuck.  A scream of pure, excruciating,
mind-numbering pain.

      I paused for a second, enjoying her pain as my cock sat inside her
asshole.  Just when her scream started dying, I withdrew and thrust again,
bringing a new wail.  The raw, dry skin of her asshole ripped and tore in
places, and blood spurted from the cuts and gashes.

      Each new thrust brought a new scream.  After awhile, the blood spread
around and acted as a lubricant, lessening teh friction between my cock and her
ass.  At this point, I started fucking her in earnest. Her screams had
descended into sobs and whimpers of pain as I plowed her ass faster and faster.
Rather than her normal eager bucking and pumpng, she just laid there, accepting
but not welcoming my cock in her ass.

      The best part of this was that the Suzanne portion of her mind was in
control now, and it was taking the brunt of the pain.  Suzi, the slutty
personality, was in the background.  I'd been careful not to arouse her before
raping her ass, in order to be sure that it was Suzanne I was inflicting pain
on.  The damage done to Suzanne would further sap her will to live, effectively
giving Suzi a greater amount of control over her body.

      I came in her ass, a flood of jism erupting from my engorged cock.  Suzi
-- Suzanne, really -- just laid there, unresponding, still crying from the
pain.  When I'd shot my load, I removed my blood-and-cum covered dick from her
ass.

      "Now, then, slut, what have we learned?"

      Her sobs halted, and she looked up fearfully at me. "Always... keep...
Suzi's ass lubricated?" she asked haltingly.

      "Very good.  Now, from now on, you are to lubricate yourself immediately
upon coming out of the shower in the morning. Understand?"

      "Y-yes, master."

      "Good."   I smiled.  "Now clean off my cock."

      Slowly, wearily, she took my cocok in her hands and began to suck on it.
A pinkish mixture of fluids dripped from her asshole.  My cock was soon clean,
glistening with her saliva.  Before long, Suzanne had receded into the
background, and an aroused Suzi was sucking happily on my cock.  I patted her
on the head.  "Good girl, Suzi," I encouraged her.  She smiled around my cock
at me.  My eager little slut was back, stronger than ever.

      From then on, Suzi was always lubricated.  Eventually, she grew to enjoy
it, and by the end of her third week as my live-in slut, I had her begging to
"please stick your hot cock up your bitch's tight ass, master!"  I'm not
particularly an ass-fucking type of guy, as I've mentioned, but hearing her say
that made me eager to cream her tight little hole.

      I also continued to hire her out as a call girl once or twice a week. She
typically earned four or five hundred dollars from each stint.  This was no big
windfall, but it was a nice bit of extra income.  I didn't intend for her to be
doing this for very long anyway; the real purpose of it was to get her used to
the idea of fucking other men.  She would soon be moving on to far more
lucrative activities.

      Around the time of her tenth job as a call girl, I decided that Suzi's
dancing skills had reached the point where they could be put to use.  I made up
a bunch of flyers featuring Suzi's face as she licked her lips sluttily.  The
text read, "The breathtakingly beautiful Suzi: private dancer available for
parties and celebrations.  Deluxe service."

      The next day Suzi got her first piece of business -- a bachelor party.
They were in a rush, and they wanted her that night. I was forced to cancel my
dinner reservations, but I was eager to see Suzi in action, so I agreed.  We
dickered over the price, and he gave me directions and a time to show up.

      I interrupted Suzi's dance practice and told her she had a job that
evening.  She was surprised.  I told her to go put on her red lingerie and
pumps.  She complied and returned to the practice room. We spent the rest of
the afternoon going over her routine.  She was to burst out of a cake and do a
quick striptease act.  Then she was to sit on the groom's lap and get down and
dirty.

      "Now, remeber, slut, the groom just thinks you're an ordinary stripper
who isn't supposed to go very far.  He doesn't know that you're really a
cock-craving whore who's going to fuck him.  So you have to go slow, or you'll
scare him."

      We went through the routine, with me sitting on the chair playing the
part of the groom.  I didn't actually fuck her, because I wanted her to be
extra horny that night.  But it was quite an act of will to restrain myself.

      We ate a quick dinner, and I gave Suzi an hour to rest before driving her
out to the party.  Before going up to the house, I had her drink a glass of
water with a little bit of aphrodisiac and some of the Pavlov drug.  "Now,
remember, slut, the groom gets to fuck you first, because it's his special
night.  After that, you have to allow yourself to be fucked by anyone who wants
to."

      "Suzi understands, master."

      "Let's go, bitch."

      "Yes, master."

      I rang the doorbell, and was greeted by a young man holding a beer.  I
introduced myself as Suzi's manager.  He told me he was the older brother of
Jeff, the groom, and showed us to the cake.  Suzi climbed inside, visibly
nervous.  I said some reassuring words before closing the cake.  By the time
she had to perform, she'd be horny from the drugs, and that would take care of
her nerves.

      Jeff's brother offered me a beer, which I accepted.  I told him I'd wait
out in the kitchen until the cake was brought out, and then I'd watch
discreetly from the kitchen door.  He shrugged and left me in the kitchen.

      Half an hour later, the cake was rolled out.  I leaned against the frame
of the kitchen door.  The guys sat Jeff down on a chair facing the cake.  The
music started, and Suzi burst from the cake.

      She had a sexy smile on her face as the started dancing. Sweeping around
the room, she teased all the guys, licking her lips and occasionally grinding
against their crotches, leaving them with various pieces of her flimsy outfit.
After a few minutes, she danced over to Jeff and sat on his lap, straddling his
legs and facing him, wearing only a bra, panties, and heels.

      She slowed down, gyrating her torso in front of Jeff's wide eyes while
the other men whooped and laughed.  She waved her tits in front of his face.
Judging by the bulge in his pants, Jeff was enjoying the show.  Slowly, sexily,
Suzi untied her bra and slipped it off her shoulders, revealing her hard
nipples.  She waved them teasingly in front of Jeff's face, rubbing them gently
with her fingers as she stared lustfully into his eyes.  This drew more whoops
from the other men in the room.

      "So, handsome, you must be Jeff," Suzi said, in a deep, husky voice.

      "Y-y-yes, ma'am," Jeff responded nervously.

      "You're getting married, Jeff?" she asked.

      "Yes, ma'am.  Tomorrow morning."

      "Well, looks like little Suzi got to you just in time," she exclaimed,
running a hand along his crotch.  She looked away and winked playfully at the
men, who laughed and cheered her on.

      Suzi tossed the bra aside and moved her hands to her panties. Swaying her
torso the the music, she untied the panties, exposing her wet cunt.  Jeff
stared in amazement.  The panties still laid between her legs.  Suzi bunched
the front of her panties up in her left hand, and the back in her right hand,
and began to draw them slowly back and forth along her slit.  She closed her
eyes and arched her back, thrusting her chest into Jeff's face, drawing even
more cheers from the audience.  Jeff was still staring at her pussy.

      Suzi removed the soaked panties from between her legs and brought them to
her mouth.  She fixed Jeff with a sultry gaze as she parted her lips and sucked
some of the juice out of the panties.  She then moved the panties in front of
Jeff's mouth and licked her lips. Jeff sucked hungrily on them.  "Does it taste
good, Jeff?" Suzi breathed.

      Jeff let the panties out of his mouth and stammered.  "Y-yes, ma'am!"

      Suzi flung the panties aside.  She leaned forward and plastered her lips
against Jeff's, giving him a hard, passionate kiss. Jeff was startled at first,
but responded quickly.  Suzi rubbed the back of his neck with one hand and his
chest with the other as she kissed him.  After an eternity, she pulled away and
looked at Jeff.

      "So what's her name, Jeff?" she asked in a slutty voice.

      "D-Donna," he replied.

      "Well, from where I'm sitting," she moved her hand from his chest down to
his crotch, softly rubbing the bulge she found there, "you're going to make
Donna a pretty happy woman."  This drew another loud chorus of hoots from the
partiers.  Suzi took no notice, her attention focused on Jeff.  "But before you
go and do that, Jeff," she breathed, leaning closer and closer to him, "how
about making Suzi happy?"  With that, she kissed him again and began to unzip
his pants.

      Jeff made no move to stop her as Suzi freed his shaft.  Still kissing
him, she began to stroke his hard cock with her fingers, skillfully bringing
him off.  Suzi broke the kiss, and looked down hungrily at Jeff's cock.  Jeff
groaned in pleasure at her soft strokes, his rigid cock standing upright from
his lap.  A drop of juice fell from Suzi's pussy onto Jeff's pants.  No doubt
about it, the bitch was hot and ready, aching to have her cunt filled by Jeff's
cock.

      The other men had stopped cheering, and merely looked on in disbelief.
Jeff's brother looked at me, as if asking what the hell was going on.  I
shrugged and turned my attention back to the action.

      Suzi was moaning now, bouncing up and down on Jeff's lap, running her
fingers up and down his hard shaft.  "Yes," she murmured, "Suzi is going to be
very happy with Jeff's hot, hard cock in her soft, wet cunt!"  With that, she
lifted herself up and moved herself forward, placing herself over Jeff's
crotch.  Jeff was in an aroused stupor, and had no reaction.  Suzi placed the
head of Jeff's cock at the opening of her pussy.  With an aroused moan, she
lowered herself onto it, impaling herself on his shaft.  Jeff let out a cry of
pleasure at the feel of her velvety cunt wrapped around his prick.

      The faces around the room that had previously shown disbelief now took on
expressions that were frankly stunned.  They had been amazed that a stripper
would kiss the groom and fondle his dick.  But for her to actually fuck him --
this was clearly too much for them to handle.

      Suzi wasn't paying attention to them, however.  Her attention was fixed
on the meat filling her pussy.  I could see her stomach flex as her cunt
muscles massaged Jeff's cock.  He was delirious with pleasure.  Suzi slowly
began to move herself up and down on his shaft, fucking herself crazy.  Her
moans grew in volume as her cunt lips slid along his shaft.

      Suddenly Jeff burst into action.  Grasping Suzi tightly to him, he stood
up from the chair.  Suzi squealed in excitement as his sudden movement caused
her to slide all the way down his shaft, completely filling her twat.  Falling
to his knees, Jeff laid Suzi down on the floor in front of him, never taking
his cock from her pussy. He fell on top of her and quickly began to piston his
cock in and out of Suzi.

      Suzi went wild as he fucked her.  She slammed her hips back against him
with each stroke.  Wrapping her legs around him, she dug her heels into his
ass, trying to pull him as deeply as possible into her cunt.  "Oh, yes!  Suzi
feels so lucky to have Jeff's hot, thick cock in her wet pussy!  Fuck Suzi
hard, Jeff!  Fuck her hot, wet cunt!"  Suzi pulled Jeff down on top of her,
locking her lips to his in a deep, passionate kiss.

      It wasn't long before Jeff came, spurting his cum into Suzi's steamy
pussy.  Suzi came at the same time, her cunt muscles gripping his shaft in a
viselike grip as her orgasm shook through her body. Jeff's cum overflowed her
cunt, dripping to the ground in thick, stringy wads.  Jeff's orgasm subsided.
He continued to respond to Suzi's kisses for a few moments, then pulled his
cock out of her pussy and fell to one side, exhausted.

      Still lying on the ground, her legs spread wide, with Jeff's cum dripping
from her open cunt,  Suzi turned her head to look at the men, whose jaws were
wide open.  In a soft, teasing voice, she inquired, "Who's next, gentlemen?"

      Suzi had a busy night.  After she fucked Jeff, each of the other guys
took a turn, usually two at once.  Suzi would buck her hips frantically against
one cock while eagerly slurping at another. Sometimes the men would cum inside
her.  Other times, they would pull out and Suzi would jack them off until their
sticky cum spurted onto her face or tits.

      By the time each of the guys had had a turn, Jeff had recuperated enough
to respond to Suzi's provocations.  She spent the next half-hour giving him the
blowjob of his life.  She would suck him a bit, pumping her head up and down on
his shaft as he sat in the chair.  As he approached orgasm, she would let him
out of her mouth, gently teasing him and allowing him to cool off a bit.  Then
she would suck him some more, keeping him on the edge of orgasm for thirty
minutes, but never letting him go over.  By the end of this period, he was so
sensitive that she couldn't suck him for more than four or five seconds at a
stretch.  When she was through playing with him, she held his shaft in her hand
and asked him, "Now, Jeff, do you want to shoot your hot, sticky jism into
Suzi's mouth, or into her soft pussy, or do you want to cum all over her slutty
face?"

      "F-face," Jeff responded through the haze of his pleasure.

      "Okay, handsome.  Suzi will take your sticky cum all over her face." With
that, she plunged her mouth onto Jeff's cock and began sucking for all she was
worth.  Jeff's moans grew louder and louder as Suzi took faster and faster
strokes.  Just as he was about to cum, she let his cock out of her mouth and
pointed it at her face.  Jeff's engorged cock shot spurt after spurt of Jism
onto Suzi's face and into her hair.  With her free hand, she collected what she
could on her fingers and sucked it into her mouth, hungrily slurping it down.
When Jeff was finished shooting his monstrous load, Suzi's body shook and she
fell to the ground, writhing in orgasm from the cum splattered on her, dripping
in thick strings down her face.  She stumbled back up onto her knees and kissed
Jeff's cock.  "You're going to make Donna very happy with that, Jeff."

      The guys then took another round with her, each fucking her cunt or her
mouth.  One of them even did her ass while two others fucked her mouth and
cunt, bringing Suzi to another explosive orgasm. She was always eager for more,
and the guys were always eager to provide.  When everyone had taken their
second fuck, and some had even had thirds, she gave Jeff another long ride in
her pussy.  After that, no one had the energy to go at it again.  I collected
the money from Jeff's brother and Suzi and I left.  I'd undercharged them by
quite a bit, considering all that Suzi had done, but I was counting on this and
the next several gigs to provide publicity.  After that, Suzi would be so
popular that I'd be able to jack the price way up.

      Suzi was quiet during the ride home.  She had cum six times that evening,
her most intense performance ever.  She had been in slut mode through the whole
thing, her deeply-ingrained training making her into a cum-hungry sex kitten.
Now she was coming down, and Suzanne's old personality was reasserting itself.
I heard her softly crying to herself.

      "Suzi," I told her, "you were a magnificent little slut tonight.  You
took on eight men two or three times each, giving them orgasms like they've
never had before.  For the rest of their lives, they'll remember you as the
best fuck they've ever had.  Whenever they fuck their wives, or their
girlfriends, they'll be thinking of Suzi the slut."  I'd been planning to let
her rest during the ride, but I was horny as hell from watching her get fucked
dozens of times at the party, and I didn't want to listen to this, so I decided
to put her to work.  "Suck my cock, whore."

      "Y-yes, master."  Suzi choked back a sob.  Like a well-trained animal, my
little sex toy leaned over, unzipped my pants, and pulled out my hard cock.
After only a few second of sucking, she had gone back into slut mode, all her
worries pushed out of her mind.  I smiled.


                              Suzanne's New Career
                              Building Suzi's Body

                                   Chapter 6
                                   =========

      A few days later, Suzi got another job; this time it was a birthday
party.  Once again, she burst from a cake and did a slow striptease, winding up
on the lap of the birthday boy, rubbing his crotch and talking dirty.  "Did you
get a lot of presents for your birthday, Eric?"

      "Y-y-yes."

      Leaining close, "Suzi would like a present."  Unzipping his pants, "Won't
you give Suzi a big present?"

      As before, all the other men could only stare, jaws agape, as Suzi
proceeded to pull his cock out, stroke it to erection, and then fuck herself on
it until creamy white cum oozed from her cunt.  They regained their composure,
though, when she made herself available to them, and fucked her cunt, mouth,
and ass with wild abandon.  I watched the whole three-hour party.  When we got
home, I fucked her several times myself.

      The news that a hot stripper was available for gang-banging spread
quickly by word-of-mouth.  A week later, Suzi was getting jobs every night. For
the most part, the men at these parties were no longer surprised at what she
would do; they had hired her specifically because she would do it, although her
good looks didn't hurt.

      Three weeks after her first performance at the bachelor party, Suzi was
consistently booked solid two weeks in advance.  I raised the price from $500 a
night to $750 and then to $1000.  Business showed no signs of slowing.  At six
gigs a week (I gave her Sunday night to rest; we didn't get many offers for
that night anyway.)  Suzi was earning me over $5000 a week.  There were some
expenses; the clothes Suzi had been wearing were left at the scene of each
party as a souvenir.

      Between getting royally fucked at each party and my personal use of her
body at home, Suzi was orgasming an average of ten times a day.  Her
drug-trained body kept up admirably, her pussy always getting soaked for a cock
and her mouth always eager to please. Always, she talked dirty to whomever was
fucking her, because she knew that was the way to get the most cum.

      But only when she was aroused.  And that was the kicker.  When she wasn't
aroused, she was still Suzanne, and Suzanne was sullen and withdrawn.  She was
still willing to have sex, because she knew that sex would bring Suzi out, and
allow her to escape the misery that was her life.  And she never disobeyed me,
in fear of what the consequences might be.  (After all, I'd demonstrated them
to her quite dramatically when she'd failed to have her ass lubricated.  She
knew the pain involved in a dry ass-fuck.)  But in spite of her bitterness and
despair, Suzanne persevered, and showed no signs of getting weaker.

      I was frankly baffled by this.  I'd expected the Suzanne personality to
have died by now, sapped of its strength and its will to live by the continued
slutty behavior of Suzi.  But she hadn't. Her will to go living in this
miserable existence should have long since died, crushed by the degradation she
suffered daily.  Somewhere she was finding the strength to go on.  Something
was giving her hope. What, though?

      I'd been this mystery for several weeks when I finally chanced upon the
answer, while I was sitting in my study one Sunday evening after an
after-dinner use of Suzi.  I was trying to figure out exactly how much profit
I'd made on her so far, which basically involved totaling up the expenses from
all of our dates, including the drugs and clothes, and subtracting that number
from the total income I'd made from the parties.  The problem was that little
expenses that I'd forgotten about popped into my mind from time to time, and
I'd have to redo the whole calculation, figuring them in. Like that telescope
I'd had to buy to spy on her at the very beginning.  Things like that.

      One such item was all the clothing catalogs I'd bought before meeting
her.  Scouting reports, as I thought of them, ascertaining how much exposure
she'd gotten, and who I'd have to bribe to keep her from getting hired. Utterly
useless now that she was mine, but they were still an expense.  I glanced up to
where the catalogs were collecting dust on the bookshelf...

      ...and noticed something was wrong.  Counting them, I realized one of
them was missing.  I couldn't tell which one, but I knew one of them was gone.

      Where?  If Suzanne had taken it, where would she have put it? The sounds
of a porn video were coming from Suzi's training room, so I knew she was in
there studying.  Quietly I walked down the hall to the bedroom and began to
search Suzi's things.

      It was slow going, because I was being careful not to disturb anything
permanently.  I wasn't sure yet whether I wanted her to know I was onto her, so
I tried as best I could to leave things as I found them.  An hour and a half
later, after combing her closet and most of her makeup table, I finally found
what I was looking for.

      Hidden under the lining paper at the bottom of one of the drawers in the
makeup cabinet was a catalog from a local department store from over a year
ago.  I picked it up and opened it.  It fell open by itself to a page in the
middle, clearly having been opened to this page many times before.

      The page was dominated by a large photograph of a suburban kitchen.
Sitting at the table was a handsome man in business clothes, wearing a tie and
slacks.  Two children, a boy and a girl, were running out the front door,
lunchboxes in hand, waving to their mother, a strikingly beautiful woman in
stylish business clothes that made her look competent and self-assured, yet
very sexy.  It was Suzanne.

      I hadn't even realized that it was her until that moment.  I'd bought the
catalog because of some swimsuit modeling she'd done in another section, and
never given a second look at this picture.  What did this mean?

      It meant she still thought she could get away.  She hoped that someday
she could give me the slip, and escape to the outside world, find her Romeo and
live happily ever after, or something like that. Maybe continue her career as a
model.  But that couldn't happen, I thought... she needed the sex.  She was
addicted to it, and I was the only one who could give it to her.

      The realization hit me suddenly.  I wasn't the only one!  God, I'd been
so stupid.  At first, sure, when I'd been using the orgasm drug and only
fucking her myself, sure, "then" I'd been the only one who could give her what
she needed.  But since then, I'd trained her to enjoy having sex with other
men, any men, and without the drug. Now, if she left me, she could easily find
someone else to give her the regular fucking she needed.  Sure, she had this
thing about talking dirty during sex, but most men would like that. (After all,
that was why I'd taught her to do it.)  And she'd be in pain trying to walk
without heels, but some physical therapy could take care of that. I'd turned
her into a genuine slut, and had thus made myself vulnerable.

      Maybe none of this had occurred to her.  Maybe she'd stolen the catalog
for some other, more trivial reason.  But I'd no way of knowing, short of
confronting her, and I didn't want to do that.  I had to assume the worst, that
she was planning to escape, waiting for her chance.

      The thing to do, then, was cut off her escape route.  Trap her in her new
life as a slut, with nowhere else to run to.  And I knew just how to do it.  It
would involve doing certain things earlier than I'd originally planned, but
nothing I hadn't already planned on doing and budgeted for.  It was quite
simple, really.  Up until now, Suzi and Suzanne had been fighting for control
of Suzanne's body.

      It was time to build a body for Suzi.  The body of a slut.

      The next morning, after giving Suzi her usual after-breakfast fucking, I
announced that we were going to visit the doctor.  Suzi was curious as to why.
(Since I'd just fucked her, it actually was eager, slutty Suzi I was talking
to, not depressed, unhappy, Suzanne.)  I told her that I'd tell her in the car,
and to hurry up and get dressed.

      I'd laid out a new set of clothes for her, some that I'd bought late the
night before.  The amazing thing about them was that they were perfectly
ordinary women's clothes, of the sort that a young, middle-class wife might
wear on the weekend, when going shopping.  Aside from the extreme length of the
heels on the pumps, there was nothing at all unusual about them.

      Suzi came out of the bedroom wearing them, looking quite confused.  She
hadn't worn clothes like these in months!  I ushered her out the door to the
car, giving her clitoris a quick rub to keep her excitement up.  It was
important that the eager, cooperative Suzi be in charge this morning.

      As we drove, I had Suzi take periodic sips from a flask of water I had in
the car.  The water had been treated with the aphrodisiac.  I had her drink it
slowly over the course of the ride because I'd need to have Suzi available for
quite awhile.

      "Now, then, slut," I explained, "you want to know where we're going?"

      "Yes, Master, please.  Suzi wants to know why she's going to see the
doctor.  Will Suzi get to fuck the doctor?"

      I laughed.  "If you're a good little slut.  You want to be a good little
slut, don't you?"

      "Oh, yes, master!  Suzi tries hard to be the best slut she can be!"

      I fought to keep from getting turned on.  Every time I heard that eager,
peppy voice talk about how much she craved sex, I got an urge to nail her.
Which was generally what she wanted.  But I couldn't do it this morning.  We
had an appointment to keep.  "You've been watching those other sluts on the
videos I got, haven't you?"

      "Oh, yes.  They get fucked a lot.  Suzi wants to be as slutty as them."
She ended the sentence on a dejected note, unhappy with her lack of success.
"Suzi tries as hard as she can, but she still doesn't get as much cum as they
do."

      She was damn-well wrong about that, but I didn't point it out to her.  It
was useful for her to think that.  "Well, you are trying very hard, slave, but
trying hard can only get you so far."

      She looked at me questioningly.  It occurred to me that Suzi was
substantially less intelligent than Suzanne.  An unexpected effect, but
certainly one I welcomed.  Suzanne would've figured out what was going on by
now.

      I went on.  "Some of those sluts in the videos have advantages over you
-- things that really aren't your fault."

      She frowned, looking sad, but curious.  "Are they prettier than Suzi?"

      "No, they really aren't.  You're a lot prettier than they are."  Which
was true.  Most porn actresses couldn't hold a candle to Suzi in the looks
department, and only a few were even close to being as pretty as she was. "It's
something else.  It's your tits."

      Her face took on a hurt look.  "Suzi's tits are too small?" She looked
down at her boobs, pushing at the fabric of her dress, and caressed them
curiously.

      "Yes, my pretty little slut, but we can do something about it."

      She thought for a moment, then suddenly perked up.  "Is that why we're
going to the doctor?  To get Suzi bigger tits?"  She looked at me, her face
begging me to say it was so.

      "Yes, Suzi, we're going to get you bigger tits."

      "Oh, goody!" she squealed.  "Suzi wants bigger tits so that she can
squeeze them around her master's cock and get lots of hot, sticky jism all over
her face."

      "You'll get it, Suzi, but today we're just going to talk to the doctor.
And there are certain rules you need to follow..."

      After most of an hour's drive, we arrived at a suburban office building.
As we went inside, I whispered to Suzi, "Now, remember, agree to everything I
say."

      "Yes, master," she whispered, excited.

      We took the elevator up to the office of a Dr. J. P. Green, plastic
surgeon.  I'd done some careful research on this guy.  Green had given boob
jobs to several popular porn actresses.  I'd picked up as many videos featuring
these women as I could find, from both before and after their operations.  So
far as I could tell, he'd done an excellent job every time.

      I checked us in with the receptionist and we sat down to wait. I leafed
through a advertising brochure full of "before" and "after" pictures.  Suzi sat
quietly next to me, smiling to herself and occasionally rubbing one of her
nipples through her dress.

      After about ten minutes, the doctor came out, greeted us, and showed us
into his office.  "What can I do for you two this morning?"

      "Well, Dr. Green, Suzi thinks her breasts are too small, and she's
looking into getting some implants."  Thanks to a name change filed in court by
mail a few weeks ago, Suzi's name was official.

      "All right.  Let me show you what the options are."  For the next half
hour, we looked through several books, as Dr. Green explained in detail what
was available, and in what sizes.  I did all the talking, and asking of
questions; Suzi merely nodded and occasionally gave monosylabbic sounds of
agreement.  This didn't seem to bother the doctor one bit.

      After the fourth book of samples, I realized I wasn't going to find what
I wanted in any of the standard offerings, so I took the initiative.  "Doctor,
can you do something a bit unusual?"

      "What did you have in mind?"

      I took a pad of paper and a pen from his desk and drew a quick sketch of
what I wanted, explaining as I went.  When I was finished, Dr. Green picked up
the paper and leaned back in his chair, looking at it thoughtfully.  "This is
going to cost a bit extra," he said at last.

      "How much?"

      "Twenty-five thousand dollars."

      "Do you take personal checks?" I asked, pulling out my wallet.

      The doctor smiled as I wrote out the check.  He had Suzi sign some forms.
"Now we need to schedule a surgery date.  I have an opening three weeks from
Tuesday..."

      "Tomorrow," I said.

      "I'm afraid I can't do that.  The..."

      "Are you performing surgery tomorrow?"

      "Well, yes, but this lady's been waiting for a month.  I can't just..."

      "Reschedule it," I told him, handing him another check for twenty-five
thousand dollars.

      He looked at the check, eyes wide, then looked back at me and shrugged.
"Okay.  I've got some time scheduled at the hospital downtown.  Come by at 8
a.m.  This is going to take all day.  I'll have to build the implants tonight."

      "We'll be there," I said as we walked out the door.  I wasn't pleased
about having to spend so much money to get the operation done quickly, but I
really had no choice.  Suzi was excited about the operation, but Suzanne would
see it for what it was, a move toward imprisoning her in a slut's body.  With
tits like the ones she was going to have after tomorrow, her chances of getting
a conventional modeling job would be slim to none.  If I'd agreed to wait three
weeks for the operation, Suzanne would have had more than enough time to make
an escape attempt, and the forthcoming operation would give her plenty of
motivation to do so.  With less than twenty-four hours to wait, though, I'd
have no trouble keeping her under control. Twenty-five thousand dollars wasn't
much to spend to protect what I'd already invested in my whore.

      Suzi could barely contain her excitement as we walked out to the car.
"Suzi's going to have big, slutty tits!" she exclaimed, running her hands all
over her nipples.

      "Yes, you are, bitch," I replied, getting into the car.

      Suzi got in on the other side.  "Suzi's sluttly little cunt is so
excited!"

      I could stand it no longer.  "Get in the back seat, slut," I commanded.

      "Yes, master!" she squealed, climbing into the back.  "Is Suzi's master
going to stick his thick, hard cock up Suzi's hot, juicy pussy?"

      "You bet I am, whore!" I exclaimed, scrambling after her.  "On your
back!"  Suzi laid on her back on the car seat, her legs spread and her heels
planted firly on the car ceiling.  She pulled her skirt up and closed her eyes
expectantly.

      Wasting no time, I unzipped my pants.  My rock-hard cock sprang free,
pointing at Suzi's dripping snatch.  I moved my body between my slut's legs and
rammed my stiff cock into her cunt.

      Suzi responded in her usual enthusiastic way, bucking her hips at me as
she squeezed my cock with her cunt, moaning with pleasure all the while.  "Oh,
fuck Suzi, master.  Slam your hard cock deep into your whore's pussy.  This
cock-craving bitch needs your cum so bad... Yes!  Shoot your jism into Suzi's
cunt!"

      Suzi's dirty talk pushed me over the edge.  My cock throbbed as I shot my
load into my eager little slut.  She screamed as she came to her own orgasm,
the pleasure overwhelming her as her cunt gripped my cock tightly, milking
every last drop of cum.

      For the rest of the day, I kept Suzi as busy -- and aroused -- as
possible.  I'd cancelled her engagements for that night, and the next two, in
order to give her plenty of rest for the surgery, as well as to make sure I got
a good amount of use out of her new tits before they were made available to the
general public.  Since she wasn't going to get gang-banged that night, I had to
keep a close eye on her in order to make sure that Suzanne wouldn't try to
escape before the operation tomorrow.

      I stayed near her all afternoon, coaching her while she practiced
dancing.  A couple days earlier, I'd moved her up from five-inch heels to
six-inch, and she was having some trouble learning to balance on the new shoes.
The shame of it was that the progress she'd made since starting in the new
heels was going to get wiped out by her operation.  Her new breasts would shift
her center of balance and force her to start all over again.  No doubt a
depressing experience for her.  But since it was Suzanne, and not Suzi, who had
put in all the effort learning to balance on the heels in the first place, I
was more than happy to have all that effort wiped out.  Maybe the bitch would
go away after the operation.

      After dinner, I gave her the usual after-dinner reaming, bringing her no
end of enjoyment as she came to another screaming orgasm impaled on my cock.  I
stayed with her in the evening as she watched her nightly movie, tweaking her
nipples or rubbing her clit occasionally to keep Suzi in charge.  We went to
bed early, and she fell asleep after I'd used her twice.

      I woke her up early the next morning, keeping her aroused as we got ready
to go to the doctor.  Suzi again put on the flowery dress.  I had her tie her
hair in a bun and leave off the makeup.  She was confused, but obeyed
nonetheless.  After a light breakfast, with enough of the aphrodisiac in Suzi's
orange juice to keep her aroused until the operation started, we drove to the
hospital.  Suzi was quite excited, bouncing up and down the whole way, begging
me to fuck her. Only when we had finally parked did I allow her to give me a
blowjob. She dived in with her usual enthusiasm, and I shot my wad down her
throat as she smiled contentedly.

      Dr. Green greeted us at the door, and showed Suzi into the prep room.  I
was allowed to stay with her while she was being anaesthetized.  She laid
there, looking up at me, with the facemask covering her nose and mouth.  Her
eyes slowly narrowed as the anaesthetic took effect.  As she slipped into
unconcsciousness, I saw in her eyes not the worshipful, puppylike adoration of
Suzi, but the cold bitterness of Suzanne.  Hatred burned in those eyes as she
stared at me.  Slowly, they closed and she fell asleep.

      I spent most of the rest of the day pacing in the waiting room.  I
grabbed lunch at a fast-food joint in the hospital basement. Finally, late in
the afternoon, Dr. Green came out.  "It's done. She's in the recovery room. You
can go see her if you want.  I've got to clean up, so I'll meet you there in
half an hour."  He gave me the room number and left.

      I rushed eagerly to the recovery room and stormed inside, closing the
door behind me.  Suzi laid sleeping on the bed, a white sheet draped over her
form.  Eagerly, I pulled the sheet off of her chest.  It was amazing.

      Suzi's small, pert chest had expanded like a pair of balloons. Where
before there had been two firm little breasts there now stood a pair of mammoth
globes of flesh.  Suzi's new tits stood firmly out from her body, begging for
attention.  But her nipples were mouthwatering.  Her areolas stood further out
from the flesh of her tits, pointing at the ceiling.  Atop these brown cones
stood erect nipples, fully a quarter inch in diameter.

      Standard breast implants are designed to create volume, not projection. I
wanted both.  The design Dr. Green and I had come up with used two implants for
each breast.  A normal spherical implant gave volume, making Suzi's tits round
and firm.  On top of this stood a smaller implant, which pushed the areola into
a conical shape and thrust the nipples outward.  The overall effect was a pair
of breasts designed for fucking and sucking.  They were quite obviously
artificial, as was fitting for the tits of a slut.

      I reached out and rubbed one of the nipples, rolling it between my
fingers.  Suzi moaned in her sleep.  Bending over, I ran my tongue aroundit,
simultaneously playing with her other nipple.  God, it was so delicious.

      Suzi woke and looked at me, and then at her chest.  She squealed in
delight.  "Oh, Suzi's tits are so big!  Now Suzi can be a real slut!"

      My jeans were threatening to burst.  Moving quickly, I opened the bag I
had carried in with me and pulled out a pair of Suzi's fire-engine red six-inch
heels.  I slipped them quickly over her feet, covering them with the hospital
blanket.  She would need those later, and besides, she might have a hard time
enjoying sex without them. Returning to the head of the bed, I unzipped my
pants and thrust my cock into Suzi's face.  "Suck your master's cock, slut, and
I'll fuck your new tits."

      Suzi eagerly took me into her mouth, running her tongue around my cock
with a new eagerness.  She gripped my shaft with one hand as her lips slid up
and down its length.  With her free hand, she rubbed one of her tits, moaning
softly to herself.

      I was hard in no time, and eagerly swung myself up on to the bed, sitting
astride her stomach and laying my cock in the deep furrow between Suzi's boobs.
Her hands went to her tits and she squeezed them around my cock, rolling her
nipples between her fingers.  She squealed in pleasure as I slowly began to
slide my lubricated cock back and forth between her tits.  Suzi continued
massaging my cock with her boobs, giving my cockhead a tickle with her tongue
every time it thrust toward her mouth.

      I concentrated on fucking her tits as I thought about what I'd
accomplished.  Suzi had had been acting the part of a sperm burping cock hound
for nearly a year now, almost since I'd met her.  She'd been dressing like a
slut for most of that time, as well.  And she'd been talking like a slut ever
since she'd moved in about a month and a half ago.  But up until the operation,
it could've all been an act.  Now it was real.  Now she had the body of a slut.
And there was no way Suzanne could escape that.

      I fucked Suzi's tits as hard as I could, slamming my cock in and out of
the tight canyon between them.  Suzi moaned louder and louder as her orgasm
built.  My cock exploded with pressure, and sticky strings of cum shot from its
tip onto Suzi's lust-filled face.  The familiar taste and feel of my cum sent
her over the edge into an intense orgasm.

      She tried to gather as much of it up as possible and swallow it, but
inevitably some of it dribbled into her hair.  After I'd recovered from my
orgasm, I got off the bed and wiped off her face with some paper towels.  She
looked at me adoringly.  "Can Suzi be as good a slut as the whores in the
videos now?" she asked.

      "Even better," I responded, smiling and continuing to wipe my cum off her
face.  Just as I was finishing, Dr. Green came in.

      "Well, everything looks fine.  Suzi, you can go tonight, if you'd like."

      "Yes, please," Suzanne responded.

      "Thank you Doctor," I said, "You did a great job."  Green shrugged
modestly at this.  I turned to Suzi.  "Suzi, why don't you thank Dr. Green,
okay?"

      Suzi smiled happily.  Without a word, she got up from the bed, exposing
her naked body, and strode across the room.  Her heels clicked on the floor as
her ass swayed from side to side.  Her new tits jiggled slightly with the walk.
Green's jaw dropped.

      Suzi stopped in front of him and sunk to a crouch in front of his pants.
Deftly unzipping his fly, she pulled out his soft, but rapidly hardening cock.
"Oooooh, Dr. Green, can Suzi suck your cock?" she asked innocently, looking up
at him with a pleading expression.

      "G-go ahead.," he responded.  Suzi wasted no time wrapping her lips
around Dr. Green's shaft.

      "I'll be in the waiting room," I announced.  "Have her back to me in half
an hour, okay, Doc?"


                              Suzanne's New Career
                              The Finishing Touch

                                   Chapter 7
                                   =========

      Suzi came out to the waiting room and rejoined me half an hour later, a
trickle of semen running down her leg.  Good, I thought. Dr. Green deserved
that for the quality of the work he'd done.

      For the next three days I fucked Suzi silly, making as much use as I
could of her mouth, cunt, ass, and especially her tits, even when I wasn't
fucking them.  When I reamed her cunt from behind, I'd always reach underneath
her and cup her breasts, savoring the feeling of their full roundness in my
hands, tweaking and rubbing the always-erect nipples.

      Suzi loved her new tits even more than I did.  The implants had stretched
the skin on her chest quite a bit, and that, combined with the areola implants,
made her nipples extremely sensitive. Whenever she got a chance, she would pop
one nipple out of whatever clothes she was wearing at the time and play with it
absentmindedly, softly moaning to herself as she did so.

      The most amazing effect, though, had to do with her clothing. Even after
I bought her some new clothes for her new body, it was still a tight fit to
keep her tits inside anything.  As a result, her already sensitive nipples were
under enormous pressure as her clothing strained to contain her boobs.  I'd
worried at first that this might be a painful experience.

      It turned out, though, that the tight squeeze of her clothes on her
nipples actually had an arousing effect.  It couldn't bring her to orgasm by
itself, but it was enough to keep her mildly horny most of the day.  Suzi
enjoyed wearing tight clothes, because these created the most pressure on her
tits.  One extremely benificial side effect of this whole thing was that the
constant stimulation meant that the slutty half of her personality was more
often in control.

      In fact, the Suzanne half of her personality almost completely
disappeared from view, generally appearing only in the morning right after
she'd woken up or late at night when she was undressing to go to bed.  When I
did see her, she was even more morose than usual.

      After her three-day vacation was up, I returned Suzi to the gang-bang
circuit.  She was more popular than ever at bachelor parties and casual
celebrations.  I raised the price to $1500 and she was still booked solid weeks
in advance.  My investment was really starting to pay off.

      After a month or so, I auditioned Suzi for an appearance at a local strip
bar, the California.  She was well-practiced by now, and I knew she'd get the
gig rather easily.  Just to be sure, though, I cleared her engagements the two
nights before the audition, so she'd be well-rested and extra horny.

      The afternoon of the audition came.  Suzi performed flawlessy for an
audience of half a dozen people -- the manager, a few employess preparing for
the night's business, and myself.  At the end of the routine, Suzi laid in a
breathtaking pose across a chair, her back arched, massive tits thrust skyward,
pussy exposed and wet, and a seductive smile on her face.  The manager jumped
to his feet and applauded.

      I took him back to the dressing room to meet Suzi.  "Lenny, I'd like you
to meet Suzi.  Suzi, this is Mr. Hargraves, the manager of the bar,"

      "My pleasure," Lenny said politely, holding his hand out to shake.

      Suzi ignored his greeting and fell to her knees in front of him, her
hands busily unzipping his pants.  Lenny looked at me questioningly.  I
shrugged.  Suzi extracted his hard cock from the confines of his pants and
looked at it eagerly.

      "Ohhhh, it's so big, Mr. Hargraves," Suzi squealed.  "Suzi wants it.  Can
Suzi please suck on your hard cock?"

      Lenny looked at me in amazement.  I shrugged again.  "It's her way of
introducing herself," I said matter-of-factly.  "She really likes it."

      Lenny looked back down at Suzi, who was looking up at him with pleading
eyes.  "Yes, go ahead, Suzi, suck my cock."

      Suzi took Lenny's dick into her mouth and began sucking it, her head
bobbing up and down on his shaft.  She hadn't been lying when she said it was
big, either.  It was over nine inches long, probably the biggest cock she'd
ever seen.  But she was still able to deep-throat him.  When she took him all
the way down, her lips touched his pubic hair.  Her tongue would dart out and
tickle his balls from time to time.

      After a few minutes of this, Lenny was on the verge of coming. Suzi took
her mouth off his shaft and held it in her hand, stroking it gently, holding
him on the brink of orgasm.  Lenny was in a daze.

      "Now, then, Lenny, I want $500 a night for Suzi to perform here," I
stated, as though this was a perfectly normal situation in which to discuss
business.

      Lenny was riding high from Suzi's blowjob, but he wasn't out of his mind
enough not to argue.  "N-no way.  T-two-fifty, tops." Suzi continued to stroke
his cock, tantalizing him.

      "If you want to cum in that pretty little mouth, Lenny, I suggest you
agree to my offer," I responded.  We stood there in silence for a moment, Lenny
muttering to himself while Suzi gently rubbed his erect prick.

      "All right," he said at last, "F-four hundred.  But that's as h-h-high as
I go."

      I decided to put my golden chip on the table.  "Five hundred, Lenny, and
you get to fuck Suzi every night she appears."

      Suzi squealed in delight at this.  "Oh, please, Mr. Hargraves, Suzi wants
to have her tight, wet pussy filled with your big, hard cock before she dances.
Please, please, please!  Suzi wants to be fucked!"  I'd rehearsed this with her
before the audition, but I could see by the gleam in her eye that her
excitement was genuine.  She really was eager for the chance to get this large
prick in her cunt on a regular basis.

      Real or faked, Suzi's words were enough to send Lenny over the edge.
"Okay, it's a d-deal.  Five hundred."

      "Thank you, Mr. Hargraves.  A pleasure doing business with you.  Go
ahead, Suzi."

      Suzi immediately pounced on his cock, sucking hard.  Within fifteen
seconds, Lenny was coming.  Some of his jism escaped from Suzi's mouth and
rolled down her chin.  She shook in orgasm.

      "Th-that was unbelieveable," Lenny muttered.

      Lenny and I spent the next fifteen minutes ironing out the details of the
contract.  Suzi was to appear every Thursday as the featured performer, doing
four half-hour shows starting every two hours from six in the evening to
midnight.  She would have her own private dressing room for the night, to relax
between shows.  As her manager, I'd be paid $500 per night, in addition to
whatever tips Suzi earned while dancing.  And Lenny would get to fuck her each
night before her first show.  The contract would last for three months, after
which we could renegotiate.  The whole time we were discussing these matters,
Suzi had been stroking Lenny's cock, bringing him back to erection.

      "Well," I said, "it's been a pleasure doing business with you, Lenny. I'm
going to go out to the bar and have a drink.  Why don't you two get to know
each other a little better?"  With that, I walked out the door of the dressing
room, closing it behind me.

      I returned fifteen minutes later to find Suzi sitting on the edge of the
makeup table, her legs draped over Lenny's shoulders, and her glistening cunt
filled with Lenny's thick meat.  "Yes, Mr. Hargraves, yes!" Suzi yelled in her
squeaky new voice.  "Fuck Suzi's hot, went cunt with your hard cock!  Oh, that
feels so good! Fuck Suzi!"

      Lenny was going at it as hard as he could.  Soon, between Suzi's
exhortations and the invigorating massage her cunt was giving his prick, Lenny
came.  His sticky white cum flowed out of the corners of Suzi's cunt, dripping
onto the table.  Suzi's dirty talk turned into unintelligible groans as she
came herself.  Lenny collapsed into a chair, exhausted.  "You are some
incredible fuck, Suzi!"

      I collected Suzi and we left.  The whole scene had gotten me so excited
that before we got into my car to leave, I fucked her on the hood, in broad
daylight.  Suzi, of course, was as eager as ever. What a fabulous little slut I
had.

      A couple days later, Suzi made her debut performance. The crowd whooped
and hollered as she strode onto the stage in her "candy" outfit, supplemented
by a red-and-white jacket.  She pranced around on her heels to the tune of "I
Know What Boys Like" for awhile, slowly removing the jacket, skirt, and top.
Each step in undressing was greeted by a roar of applause and hooting from the
male audience.  The crowd went wild when she began removing her black lace
underwear, cupping her breasts and teasing her pussy.  She finished the routine
draped across the chair, wearing nothing but the striped socks, the heels, the
polka-dot gloves, and the bow in her hair.  Her breasts heaved and her cunt
glistened with wetness.

      I rushed backstage to meet her.  I hurried into her to her dressing room
and closed the door.  "That was fantastic, slut.  Now suck my cock."  Suzi
pulled my raging hard-on out of my pants and eagerly serviced it.  When I was
good and hard, I removed my cock from her mouth, laid her on her back, and
fucked her brains out.  "Yes, yes! Suzi's cunt is so hot and wet from dancing,
and her master's cock feels so good filling it up!  Fuck your slutty little
whore, master, give it to your bitch!"  I exploded in her cunt, my hot jism
filling her up.

      After I was done, I gave her a minute to recover and then went out into
the hall, closing the door behind me.  A crowd of men were standing outside,
all eager to get in and talk to Suzi.  "One at a time, gentlemen, one at a
time!" I yelled.  "Five dollars to talk to Suzi for five minutes."  This
dissuaded some of them, but not many.  I grabbed the first bill held in front
of me, and ushered the lucky holder inside, closing the door behing us.

      Inside stood Suzi, still in a state of undress.  Her breasts moved gently
up and down as she breathed.  The guy I'd brought in, who looked to be in his
early twenties, looked at her and lost his cool.  "Uh... c-could I have your
autograph, ma'am?"

      Suzi smiled and took the paper and pen he held out.  She signed the paper
with a big "Suzi" and handed them back.

      "Gee, th-thanks.  You were really g-great out..." he began, but was cut
off by Suzi's hands on his crotch.  She crouched in front of him, fingers
deftly unzipping his fly.  His erect cock sprung up into her face.

      Suzi looked up at him.  "Can Suzi suck your cock?"  He was stunned, and
made no reply, just staring at her pleading face. "Please?  Suzi wants your
hard cock in her mouth so bad."

      "O-okay," he stammered.

      Suzi gave him a blowjob, bringing him quickly and skillfully to orgasm.
He came in her mouth, his knees shaking.  Suzi eagerly swallowed his cum.  When
he was done, I led him back outside and closed the door.

      The crowd outside saw the dazed look on his face.  He was bombarded with
questions from people who wanted to know what had happened.  Slowly, they
figured it out and began clamoring even more fervently to see Suzi.  Taking
advantage of the increase in demand, I jacked up the price.  "The price is now
fifty dollars for five minutes."  The crowd barely let up.  Wads of cash were
thrust into my face.

      I started cycling guys in to see Suzi.  I always stayed inside the whole
time.  Sometimes they chose to have a blowjob, sometimes they wanted to fuck
her.  Either way, Suzi was able to quickly bring them off, despite the fact
that many of them had already cum once jacking off to her performance on stage.

      After ten guys had made use of her, and I was $500 richer, I cut it short
to give Suzi time to rest.  Her next show started half an hour later, and was
recieved every bit as warmly as the first.  I jacked the price of five minutes
with Suzi up to $60 after that one, and $75 after her 10:00 show.  Each time I
got ten guys in and out of Suzi's dressing room in under an hour.  All of them
left very happy.

      After making another $750 selling her body after the midnight show, I
shut down and collected my money from Lenny.  I let him make use of Suzi one
more time before we left.  Between the normal payment for the performance and
the money I raked in charging admission, I cleared over $3000 that night.  No
doubt about it, this slut was going to make me a lot of money.

      Later that week I decided to spend some of that money to finish the
construction of Suzi's body, so I scheduled an appointment with Dr. Green for
an afternoon.  I told him to be ready to perform a few non-surgical procedures
on Suzi.  He balked at first, but acquiesced after I reminded him how much I'd
paid him last time, and made it clear I was willing to repeat that if he was
cooperative.

      Dr. Green greeted us warmly at the door of his office.  Suzi gave him a
hug and a deep, lustful kiss, quickly squeezing his crotch with her hand for
emphasis.  Green moaned at her touch.

      Green showed Suzi to a deep, comfortable dentist's chair and began dosing
her mouth with novocain while I explained what I was after.  Dr. Green had
realized after Suzi's last bit of surgery that I was the one in charge, and so
I didn't bother with the charade of pretending that Suzi was getting this done
on her own initiative.

      While Suzi was getting gassed up, Dr. Green and I discussed exactly what
I wanted, what effect I was trying to achieve.  Green asked a few questions and
made a few suggestions, and between the two of us we settled on what he was
going to do.  After we had reached an agreement, I shook Green's hand and left
the office, allowing him to work undisturbed.  I spent the afternoon at a few
beauty-supply stores, picking up some things Suzi would need later on.  I
returned to the clinic late that afternoon.  Dr. Green came out to the waiting
room to meet me, and showed me back into the room where Suzi laid on the chair.

      Suzi's face was nothing short of a work of art.  Previously, her eyebrows
had been thick and blonde.  Now, thanks to some skilled electrolysis work on
Dr. Green's part, as well as some black dye, they had been reduced to two dark
lines over her eyes, starting at almost their previous thickness on the inside
and tapering to nothing as they arched ever so slightly above her eyes.

      The eyes themselves were different, as well.  Suzanne's eyes had always
been big and bright, wide open.  Dr. Green had applied a soothing cream to the
skin of her eyelids, causing the muscles in them to relax.  As a result, her
eyelids were incapable of opening fully, fixing her face with a cheap, whorish
look.

      Green's crowning achievement was her lips.  He had given her a pair of
collagen injections, causing her lips to expand.  They were now fixed in a
permanent pout, forever hungry for cock.  Green had created a masterpiece, the
face of a true slut.  I stroked her forehead gently as Suzi gazed up at me
adoringly.

      I noticed Green had a bulge in his pants.  I was horny, too, but decided
to save mine until just a little later.  So I wrote Green a check for twenty
thousand dollars and handed it to him.  "Now, Suzi, how do we say thanks to the
Doctor?" I asked.

      After we got home, I ushered Suzi into the shower and told her to wash
her hair.  She seemed a bit puzzled by this request, but as usual, she obeyed
without question.  When she got out, I had her towel her hair half dry and sit
down in front of the mirror.

      I pulled a box of hair bleach out of the bag and handed it to her.  "Put
this in your hair.  I want you to rub it in really well, and get it all over
your hair.  Then I want you sit here until I get back.  You can play with
yourself, but don't cum.  Got it?"

      "Yes, master."  Suzi, intrigued, opened the box and removed a small
bottle.  I left her to her work.

      Half an hour later, I returned to find Suzi sitting patiently in front of
the mirror.  Her hair was well-soaked with the solution, and she was playing
idly with her left nipple, a smile of pleasure on her face.  The room stank to
high heaven of hydrogen peroxide.  Her hair looked faintly lighter, but it was
difficult to tell, since it was wet.  I instructed Suzi to rinse her hair well
and then wash it again, dry it, and style it as usual.  Then she was to come
out to the living room.

      She emerged an hour later, and I was awestruck.  Her hair, formerly a
honey blonde, was now a bright platinum shade, and fell over her shoulders in
lustrous waves.  Her fat, pouting lips shone a bright, shiny pink.  Large
plastic hoops dangled from her ears.  Her breasts strained against a black mesh
bodysuit, and her six-inch spiked heels glistened as they clacked across the
floor.  She had long been the perfect slut, and now she had the perfect body to
match.

      I sat up and looked at her.  "Come here and suck my cock, slut," I
commanded.

      "Yes, master," she responded, walking over to me, heels clicking on the
floor, ass swaying as she walked, tits bouncing ever so slightly inside the
mesh.  Glossy pink fingernails glistened as she deftly unzipped my fly, freeing
my erection.  Suzi eagerly wrapped her shiny, pouting lips around shaft and
began to pump it in and out of her mouth.  I grabbed the neckline of the
bodysuit and pulled it down below her tits.  Slowly, I fondled her nipples,
giving them an occasional squeeze.

      It was wonderful.  My sex toy was now complete.  Suzanne was imprisoned,
trapped in a body designed for one purpose -- to be fucked. The lips caressing
my cock were those of a slut, and that was what she would be, forever.  She had
no choice anymore.

      I felt myself about to cum.  "I'm going to cum on your face, slut."  My
bleach-blonde bitch let my cock slowly out of her mouth and aimed it at her
face.  Gently, her fingers stroked it, fueling my orgasm.  I came explosively,
my jism squirting all over her upturned face.  As she had countless times in
the past, Suzi ran her fingers across her face, wiping up all she could and
bringing it to her mouth. I smiled.  I'd done it.

      Suzi was a phenomenal success at The California, and soon got several
more job offers from other strip clubs in the area.  She was soon performing at
a total of four clubs weekly.  These ranged from a bar geared toward college
students, where she typically pulled in $2500 a night, up to a pricey executive
club, where I sold her time at $200 for ten minutes (I knew that older men
would want a more relaxed fuck) and raked in a total of $6000 per night.

      She continued to service private parties two nights each week. I raised
the price for private appearances to $2000 and she was still booked solid.  I
could easily have raised the price on these to $5000 and had no trouble finding
clients.  Doing that, however, would mean that most of her customers would be
older men, who were less frisky and less imaginative about their sex, and I
wanted to make sure Suzi got as much use as possible, in as many ways as
possible.  And it's not like I was desperate for the money anyway.  Suzi was
earning me close to $20,000 a week as it was.

      The remaining night I reserved her for myself.  Beacuse of her constant
engagements, I was getting less and less time to fuck her, and I needed a full
day to make up for it.  Typically I'd spend six solid hours on these days using
my bitch every way I could.  It was on one of these nights that I saw Suzanne
for the last time.

      I'd eaten dinner and fucked Suzi just an hour earlier, and already I was
horny again.  Normally I gave her a couple hours alone in the living room to
watch one of her porn movies, but something was stirring in me, and I really
felt like using my bitch.

      So I went out to the living room, expecting to find her lying on the
couch watching a movie.  But she wasn't there.  I checked the kitchen, the
dining room, and her practice room, and still couldn't find her.  I went into
the bedroom and checked around.  Still no sign. I was starting to get worried
when I heard a soft noise from the bathroom.

      Pressing my ear to the door, I listened.  It was the sound of crying, a
gentle sobbing noise, as though she was trying to keep from crying, but
failing.  Slowly, I pushed the door open.

      Suzi stood inside, looking at herself in the mirror, crying softly.  Her
face was red, and tears rolled down her cheeks.  One hand rested on the
counter, and the other held the catalog.

      The catalog.  I'd forgotten about it.  I'd left it in the drawer of her
vanity after I'd discovered it, so as not to tip her off that I'd found it, and
after that I'd forgotten it.

      I walked up behind her.  She noticed me, but didn't react, just stood
there, crying.  I looked down at the catalog in her hand. It was open to the
page with the picture of the happy young family. Here and there the page was
wet with tears.

      "That's over, Suzanne," I said softly, calling her by that name for the
first time in several months.  "You can't go back to that anymore." I said
softly.

      "Let me go," she said, surprisingly calmly.

      I laughed.  "Go where?  What would you do?"

      "I... I had a job... before..."

      I laughed again, even louder.  Grasping the catalog, I thrust it into her
face.  "Look at the woman in this picture.  Look at her! Now look in the
mirror!"  I grabbed her body and turned her to face the mirror.  "You can't be
a model anymore.  Do you think anyone would hire you, looking like this?"

      She started to cry again.

      I pressed on.  "All you can be now, with that body, is a slut. Don't try
to be Suzanne.  Just let yourself be Suzi.  Suzi enjoys being a slut.  Why
fight it?"

      Her response was barely a whisper.  "You bastard."

      Once more I laughed.  "Come on, now, that's no way to talk to the man who
showed you how to enjoy yourself, is it?"

      She turned and screamed at me.  "You forced me into this, you fucker! You
gave me those drugs and manipulated me into becoming what you wanted!  You
turned me into..."  She broke off and looked into the mirror, crying again.

      "A slut?"  I asked.  "Suzanne, I didn't make you do anything you didn't
want to do."

      "Do you think I wanted to look like... like this?" she screamed.  "Like
some sort of whore?"

      "Deep inside, you've always wanted to be a whore.  You just needed me to
show you the way."

      "That's not true!"

      "Do you really think I could've made you do something you didn't really,
deep inside, want to do?"

      "I DIDN'T WANT THIS!"

      "Suck my cock," I commanded.

      "WHAT?"

      "You heard me.  Suck my cock."

      She stopped screaming.  "N-no.  I... I won't."

      "Suck my cock, bitch."

      Color rushed to her cheeks.  "N-no.  Never... never."

      "Suck my cock, you cheap little slut."

      "Ohhhhhh..."  With a moan of almost orgasmic release, she bent down to
kneel in front of me.  Frantically unzipping my pants, she took my cock into
her mouth and began sucking on it, pumping it back and forth between her thick
red lips.

      "Good slut," I said, patting her on the head.  "Good little slut."


                                    Epilogue
                                    ========

      I watched from my chair as Suzi's head pumped up and down on the thick
cock in her mouth.  Her luscious red lips slid back and forth along its length,
almost closing at one end of each stroke, and nuzzling Jimmy's balls at the
other end.  Jimmy's hand rested on one side of her head, guiding her along his
meaty prick.

      Suzi's popularity continued to grow.  She was soon making forty thousand
dollars a week.  Men were willing to pay outrageous amounts of money just for a
chance to nail the blonde cream-dream who'd fuck anyone that asked.

      Naturally, offers came in from the porno industry, first the magazines,
and then the movie companies.  Suzi made several appearances in soft-core porn
magazines, the type that printed eight or ten pages of pictures of her
spreading her cunt and fondling her tits, along with some made-up quotes about
how much she loved to suck dick, or get her pussy pounded.  She was probably
the only woman ever to appear in those magazines for whom the quotes were even
remotely accurate.

      I took a hard line negotiating Suzi's movie appearances, insisting on
$2,000 per movie up front, plus royalties per copy sold. Most of the companies
balked at this at first, but I got a few to come around.  Flying out to visit
the executives personally and having Suzi give them blowjobs probably helped a
lot.  For some reason, most men have no willpower when a hot bitch like Suzi is
keeping them on the edge of orgasm.

      Suzi's pretty face, her wet-dream body, her brainless bimbo personality,
and her enthusiasm for fucking and sucking made her an instant success in adult
films.  Directors sought me out to get her to star in their films; it became
common wisdom that any movie with Suzi in it was a guaranteed blockbuster.  I
was selective about which offers I accepted; after her first few videos broke
records, I set her price at $8,000 per film plus a large cut in royalties and
control over future use of footage.  Since most films were shot in a day, this
was nearly as lucrative in the short term as stripping, and the royalties made
for a long-term windfall.

      Furthermore, the movie appearances made her that much more popular as a
stripper.  At the time her tenth movie broke all records for adult video sales,
Suzi Slut was capable of pulling in $20,000 a night stripping and fucking
backstage.  (Her stage name was Suzi Slick, but her reputation for fucking
almost everyone had earned her the unofficial last name "Slut."  Even the
announcers at her gigs often "mispronounced" her last name as she came
onstage.)

      As for Suzanne, I was never completely sure what had happened.  That
evening in the bathroom, I'd pressed her up against the wall and pounded her
pussy until Suzi came with one of the most violent orgasm she'd ever
experienced.  The thing is, I don't think it was actually Suzi that I'd fucked
that night.  I think it had been Suzanne.

      She'd bucked and writhed frantically, fucking back at me as hard as she
could, squeezing her cunt around my cock and orgasming as I came in her pussy.
But she hadn't let out with her usual string of dirty talk, the exhortations to
"fuck your slut harder," or with her high pitched squeals of pleasure that were
Suzi's trademarks.  Rather, she'd just let out a string of soft, passionate
moans and grunts, like she had the very first night I'd fucked her, so long
ago.

      And her orgasm felt different too.  Suzi's orgasms were intense, and she
enjoyed them immensely, but it was the enjoyment of an old, familiar pleasure.
Her enjoyment that night in the bathroom had seemed different.  More like the
enjoyment of a new and almost unexpected pleasure.  Like she was getting fucked
for the very first time.

      From then on, Suzi reigned supreme.  Always eager to please, never tired
or upset.  Good old fuckable Suzi, the well-practiced slut with the wet-dream
body who craved cock.  Suzanne's dour, tired mood never intruded.

      But sometimes, occasionally, Suzi was different when she was being
fucked.  It always happened when she first had a cock stuck inside her.  Her
dirty talk would trail off, and she would be silent. Slowly, she would begin
giving those soft grunts that I'd heard in the beginning, the moans that seemed
to express surprise at her own pleasure.  Her fucking would seem less
experienced, less skilled, but filled with a certain raw enthusiasm that was
something beyond what Suzi could normally put in.  It was like she knew all the
techniques, but had never practiced them.  As though an experienced friend was
teaching he how to fuck.  It always happened when I wasn't expecting it, and
after she'd finished coming, she was always back to normal. But I could always
swear that I'd been screwing someone very different.

      As Jimmy approached orgasm, Suzi let his cock out of her mouth and rested
its head on her outstretched tongue.  She jacked her hand up and down its
length as he muttered, "Oh, yeah, baby, I'm gonna cum, you ready for it?  Ready
for my cum, baby?"  Suzi, unable to speak with his cock resting on her tongue,
could only nod enthusiastically.  "Here it comes, babe!" Jimmy said as his cock
erupted with jism.

      Some of the semen went into Suzi's mouth.  Some of splashed on her cheeks
or her upper lip.  She continued to jack Jimmy's shaft as his sperm sprayed
into her mouth.  When his orgasm subsided, she closed her mouth and began to
spread soft kisses over his cock.  The jism in her mouth slowly dribbled out,
coating her lips and mouth in a layer of creamy white cum.  She gave the camera
that slutty look that had helped make her the highest-grossing adult film star
of the previous year, and had made me a multimillionaire.

      "That's a wrap!" the director yelled.  The exhausted Jimmy Wood got up
and left immediately, heading back to his dressing room. Male porn stars were
probably the most sexually exhausted people in the world.

      Suzi, however, wasn't through yet.  She crawled on her hands and knees
over to the director's chair and began to unzip his fly. His cock, excited by
the hours of watching the filming, sprang fully erect from his pants.

      "Ooooooh," Suzi purred, "Your cock is so big, Mr. Edmonds." The size of
his cock shouldn't have come as any surprise to Suzi. She'd starred in films
directed by him before, and had hence sucked his meaty cock several times, as
well as having it crammed up her pussy more than once.  But it was part of the
act.

      Duane Edmonds knew she was faking her surprise, but he enjoyed it
nonetheless.  "Would you like me to fuck you with it, Suzi?  Would you like to
feel my thick cock in your hot, wet pussy?" he asked, continuing the game.

      "Oooooh, yes!" she squealed.  "Suzi would love that!  Please fill Suzi's
wet pussy with your hard cock, Mr. Edmonds!"  Suzi turned around as she spoke,
dropping to her hands and knees and presenting her dripping pussy to him.
"Please fuck Suzi with your cock!  Ohhhh!"

      She moaned in pleasure as Edmonds, now on his knees behind her, slammed
his cock into her glistening cunt.  The other men on the set gathered round,
waiting their turn.  The director always got to go first, but after that,
anyone who could get their dick into a free hole on Suzi's body was welcome to
use it.  Suzi was popular with the production crews.  These sessions usually
ended with an exhausted Suzi lying contentedly on the floor, her face, tits,
cunt and ass dripping with cum.

      I took in the sight before me.  Suzi was a true slut, without a care in
the world beyond where her next load of jizz would come from. I wondered what
I'd do with her once her popularity died down. Probably marry her off to some
rich guy who knew how to show her a good time.  I'd hang on to the rights to
her movies, of course.  And then?  Probably start all over again with someone
new.  After all, I pretty much had the technique down pat.  I had my eye on
this aspiring model...

      Suzi let out a loud moan as Edmonds pulled out of her.  She rolled over
and laid on her stomach as he positioned himself above her face.  Her hand went
to his cock and jacked it furiously.  With a cry of pleasure, he came, spilling
sticky ropes of cum across her face and tits.  Suzi used her free hand to move
as much as she could into her mouth, slurping it up.

      Edmonds stood up and walked away.  One of the crewmen shoved his
rock-hard cock into her pussy, while several more dangled their pricks over her
face.  Suzi took one at random and began slurping on it.  She laid there for a
long time, taking a series of cocks into her mouth and pussy and making each
one give up its load of cum.  She was in heaven.

      I smiled.  For now, Suzi was more than enough slut to keep me happy.

