

        Somehow, women in the computer field have acquired the reputation of
being terribly straight laced and boring.  I've never understood why, and
I've always thought it was my duty to dispel that myth, at least to the best
of my abilities.
        I'm thirty-two, female, and though I'm not a raving beauty, I'm
extremely sensual looking.  For starters, I'm five foot six, weigh 110
pounds, and have a size 36 chest.  Since I have a tiny, 22 inch waist, my
breasts look impressively large.  I'm also lucky to have a small, tight ass
and attractive, curvy legs.
        But with my job, looking too sexy can be a real disadvantage, so I
usually dress down, covering up as best I can.  I wear my long blonde hair
wound up in a bun on top of my head, no make-up, loose sweaters and baggy
pants.  At least that's what I wear to work.
        About six months ago, I was contacted by the parents of a seventeen
year old guy named Kevin.  It seems he was really interested in programming,
and for some reason, his parents wanted someone to help select a computer and
software, and then to tutor their son.  The money was very attractive, so I
decided to do it.  When I first met Kevin, I was stunned!  Not only was he a
very bright, rather shy kid; he was gorgeous.  Almost six feet tall, blonde,
tanned, and athletic, Kevin was so good looking I could hardly concentrate as
we talked.
        After they bought a loaded AT clone, I began visiting their house two
evenings a week to teach Kevin to be a programmer.  By the second lesson, I
desperately wanted to teach him something else!  I couldn't believe my luck
when his parents told me they were going away on vacation, a month-long
cruise, but that Kevin would be staying home to continue his lessons.  An
aunt who lived across town was supposed to keep an eye on things, but Kevin
was pretty much on his own.  They paid me in advance for his lessons, and off
they went.
        The very next lesson, I knew what I wanted to do.  An hour before I
was due at their home, I undressed and quickly showered.  I put on a pair of
black panties and a transparent black bra.  My nipples felt full and tingly
as they poked against the cool bra cups.  In seconds they were painfully
swollen, standing tall, deep red and fully erect.
        Slipping my sexiest black garter belt around my waist, I fastened the
little hooks behind my back, enjoying the silky sensation.  I picked out a
pair of long nylon stockings, sheer suntan in color; the kind with real wide,
dark tops.  I don't know why, but nylons always make me feel sexier and more
attractive than panty-hose.  I slid the sheer stockings on, slowly smoothing
them up my well-toned legs as I fastened them to the garter belt.  My shoes
were black leather high heels, cut low on both sides.
        I stood in front of the mirror in my lingerie.  My hair was a golden
cloud that swirled around my shoulders as I made sure my make-up was fashion-
model perfect.  I felt terribly wanton as I put on a short skirt and tightly
fitted blouse, leaving the top three buttons open.
        From the minute I came in the door, Kevin couldn't take his eyes off
me.  His eyes instantly locked on my breasts, which crowned subtly but were
distinctly visible within my blouse.  I could hardly control myself as we
worked through his lesson.  He messed up almost everything, obviously
distracted by my flirtatious attire.
        When we were through, I began to implement my scheme.  I stood up,
and feigning a slip, stumbled against the desk, falling to the floor.  As
expected, Kevin jumped to my assistance.
        "It's my right leg.  I think it's just a cramp in the calf," I told
him, "but I don't know if I can walk."
        "Here, Miss Taylor," he offered courteously, "let me help you over to
the sofa."
        I leaned heavily against him, making sure that my breast pressed
warmly against his arm.  I couple of phony limping steps and I fell back onto
the
couch, my skirt "accidentally" sliding up my thighs.
        "You've played sports in school, haven't you, Kevin," I asked.
        "Sure," he answered.  "Football and track."
        "Well, you must have seen all sorts of injuries," I continued.
"Maybe you could take a look at my leg.  Just to see if it's anything
serious."
        "Sure, Miss Taylor," he replied, kneeling in front of me.
        Tenderly, his fingers touched my right calf, caressing the strong
muscles through the sheer nylon of my stocking.  Slowly, I let my knees swing
apart, giving Kevin a clear view all the way to my black panties.  Seconds
later, as
he lightly massaged my calf, I saw him peeking up my skirt.
        "Do you think my leg's all right?" I asked.
        "I don't think it's anything serious, Miss Taylor," he said, taking
another peek at my private spot.
        "Kevin!"  I said sternly.  "What are you looking at?"
        "N.n.nothing," he stammered.
        "You were looking up my skirt, young man," I said with mock anger,
"weren't you?"
        Kevin said nothing.  He just looked down at the floor.
        "Would you like a better look?" I asked, my voice like melting
        butter.
        I didn't wait for an answer.  I stood up, my tingling love grotto
just inches from Kevin's head.  I stood there, with my feet wide apart, my
ankles flexed on my high heeled shoes.  Bending down, I slowly pulled up my
skirt, raising the hem to my waist.  Kevin simply stared.  I don't think he'd
ever seen a woman wearing a garter belt and stockings.
        "I think these stockings make my legs and ankles look really sexy," I
said, boldly turning around so he could see me from all angles.  "Don't you
think so?" I asked.
        "Ohh, Miss Taylor!" Kevin gasped, ogling my stocking-sheathed legs.
        "I love the way they make my thighs feel," I told him, sliding my
hands over the glistening nylon covering my legs.
        "M..Miss Taylor," Kevin stammered, getting to his feet and backing
away.  "I don't think we should be doing this.  I don't want to get into any
trouble."
        "Don't worry, Kevin," I purred reassuringly.
        I walked toward him, my stockings sizzling as I did.  Kevin just
stood there, unable to move.  I dropped my skirt, moving my hand boldly to my
pupil's inner thigh, skimming lightly, appraisingly, over the solid pouch
between his legs.  My finger tips traced the warm, rigid length of his
masculinity, making Kevin tremble.
        "You .... uh .... shouldn't be doing that, Miss Taylor," he said half
heartedly.
        "It's O.K. Kevin.  Why don't you take your clothes off for me," I
whispered hoarsely, my hand between his thighs.
        Kevin had no idea what to do, so he slowly began stripping himself,
shirt first, then pants.  I could see his self-consciousness as he dropped
his pants, his penis standing out in full naked erection, a long, thick pole
of throbbing flesh and blood.
        We stared into each other's eyes.  I reached down and took his hands,
and placed them on my breasts.  Hesitantly, he began to knead my flesh
through my blouse and bra.  I unbuttoned my top slowly, moaning a little as I
slipped the fabric over my skin.
        I reached around and unhooked my bra, uncovering my large, firm
breasts.  The nipples were an angry pink, swollen, hard.  Then I undid the
button at the waist of my skirt, slowly unzipped the side, and then turned
around, my back to Kevin.  I lowered my skirt over my buns and bent over to
remove it completely.  When I stood back up, I was naked except for my
panties, my stockings, and my high heeled shoes.
        Before he knew what was happening, I was examining Kevin's
spectacular young peter.  His cock was standing straight up, deep red, and I
began to slide my finger tips along the shaft, touching the soft skin ever so
lightly.  At the same time, I reached between his beefy thighs and palmed his
balls.  I'd only been touching him for a minute or two when he started to
breathe exceptionally deep and fast.
        "Oh, Jesus," I heard him grunt.  "I can't hold back any longer.  It's
just too much.  I'm going to come!"
        For a moment, I looked fondly at the contorted expression on his
face, then his virile prick was jerking wildly in my hand.  I felt Kevin's
thick hot semen spurting all over my fingers.
        "Oh, my God!  Look at it, Kevin!  God, you're coming so much," I
gasped.  Running my fist up and down his spewing cock fast and hard, I pumped
even more of his semen from his virile young body, until he begged me to
stop.  Happily, I licked my fingers, devouring every last drop of his fluid.
Then I guided Kevin's hand to my groin.  Instinctively, he slipped his hand
inside my panties and quickly located my moist opening.
        "That feels so good!" I exhaled as he slowly probed my lustful sex
tunnel.
        He began to slide his middle finger in and out, and I loved the
stimulation.  He soon had two fingers, then three buried deep inside my horny
cunt.  I bit my lower lip every time I felt my orgasm flaring up.  Several
times I was on the verge of coming, and held back, but then I lost control.
My body exploded in orgasm as I screamed with satisfied lust.
        "Oh baby, do it to my pussy!  Push your hand all the way inside me.
I'm coming!  Pleeeeease!  Don't stop!"
        I had three quick, shattering orgasms in a row, and I felt like I was
going to pass out.  I practically fell over, and when I finally stopped
shaking, and turned to Kevin and kissed him lightly on the cheek.  Silently,
I had him lie down on his back on the thickly carpeted floor.  I slid my damp
panties down my legs and off, then knelt next to Kevin on the floor.
        Kevin's phallus drooped lazily to the left, showing no sign of the
size and vigor it had only minutes before.  I reached over and lightly
caressed his spongy penis with the finger tips of my right hand.  He jumped
the instant my fingers made contact with his resting organ.
        He spread his thighs, and I reached for his hanging love spheres.
The tips of my fingers barely touched his gonads when I heard Kevin gasp.  I
felt his balls writhe against my fingertips, as I repeatedly brushed at them.
My eyes burned as I watched his penis begin to straighten and elongate.
        I curled my fingers around his thickening shaft and lightly milked
his shaft, real slow and easy, tantalizing him.  Virility was pumping back
into his shaft, bringing back his raging erection, if anything more awesome
than before.  Kevin trembled and moaned as I massaged his growing organ.
        Lowering my head to his groin, I exhaled hotly as I lay the tip of
his manhood on my lower lip, extending my tongue so that I could tease the
small little hole into giving me its pearl.
     "Oh, my God!" he moaned.  "Oh, my God!"
        I let my tongue travel in tiny circles, teasingly, gradually
centering in on his most sensitive spot.  And when I got to that tender
ridge, Kevin just stopped breathing, and his entire body tightened up.
Opening my mouth a little more, I took his whole length in my mouth.  Right
down to his hairy root!
        I closed my lips around the base and held absolutely still for just a
second as a chill ran down my spine.  I rubbed my thighs together, massaging
my burning pussy, nearly climaxing again from the excitement.
        Kevin enlarged rapidly inside my warm suctioning mouth until he was
pushing against the back of my throat.  I began to gag, and I had to
withdraw, letting his now turgid spire slide gradually from my lips.
        Slowly, shakily, I stood up, straddling Kevin's flat, powerful hips
with my widely spread feet.  From a position towering above his reclining
body, I squatted down and grasped his pulsing cock in my hands, guiding it to
my pussy.  I held my cunt above him just an instant, rubbing the head of his
cock between the blonde-haired lips of my pussy.  And then I pushed down.
        He entered my cunt very, very slowly, filling me with his hardness,
stretching the already lubricated walls of my pussy.  I sat erect on his
belly, my head thrown back, my spine in inversed curve, and I could feel his
hardness slipping up into my body.  I could feel the head of his cock
throbbing against the sticky passageway.
        He was like a long thick fire being swallowed by my body, a long
thick hardness moving deeper and deeper up my cunt.  I pushed all the way
down, as hard as I could, and I found myself sitting on his lap.  His cock,
that powerful, merciless shaft was buried to the hilt inside my cunt.
        I began to ride him.  I say I rode him because he did nothing but lie
there under me, his penis standing straight up like a deeply rooted tree.
Gingerly, balancing on my steep heels, I put my hands on my knees and began
to raise and lower my pelvis.  I was literally doing deep-knee bends.  And
Kevin was sliding all the way in, and almost all the way out of me as I moved
up and down.
        I flexed my hips again and again, up and down, an orgasm building
like a crescendo between our bodies.  When the energy was screaming,
shrilling throughout my body, when it could be denied no further by either of
us, I quickly disengaged and turned my body around.
        I pushed my pussy lips into his face.  Kevin had no idea how to
respond, but he instinctively began to lap at my tender flesh.  His tongue
stabbed forward, rasping over my clitoris.  What he lacked in experience, he
made up with enthusiasm.  He licked me from clit to cunt-hole, driving
himself up into my body as our orgasms exploded.
        At the same time, I closed my lips around his cock as he began to
ejaculate.  His thick hot sperm splattered into my mouth and I swallowed
every drop of it, swirling my tongue across the head of his cock as semen
pumped out of him.  I licked him clean, gulping it all down greedily.


