     I am a woman in my late  twenties  and  recently  I  had  an
experience which I want to tell you about.  My friend Samantha called me 
up as I was watching TV on a Saturday, and invited me to a party she was 
having at her house that afternoon.
     I said sure and grabbed my stuff and walked over to her house. 
When I got there though, there didn't seem to be any party going on. 
Walking up to the front door, I rung the doorbell and waited.  After a 
little while, Sam came to the door and let me in.  She was dressed only 
in jeans and a bra, so I asked her where the other people were and she 
said "Silly, there are no other people, its a private party."
     I laughed, cause this was the way that Sam was,  and I went out 
to the pool.  Sam called out from the Kitchen, "Go ahead and change, 
I'll meet you at the pool in a sec."  The first thing I saw when I got 
out there was that there was a fresh open bottle of Champagne sitting on 
the sideboard.  I felt like relaxing, so I grabbed it and strolled on 
into the bedroom to change.  Putting my stuff on the bed, I closed the 
door and began unbuttoning the buttons on my shirt.  After each button, 
I took a long drink of the champagne bottle and so by the last button, I 
was feeling a little tipsy.  Pulling off the shirt, I was just reaching 
behind me to unclasp my bra when Sam pulled open the door.  I blushed, 
and she said "Oooo, sexy mama, let me lick on your big titties..."  I 
laughed and sat down on the bed.  She laughed too and went to the 
closet.
     "So there really aren't any other people coming?"
     "Nope, its just you and me alone kid."
     Then she noticed my bottle of champagne.  "You drinking  the
whole thing?  I guess I've already drunk enough that I don't need to 
drink anymore."
     I had noticed this, so I told her that I agreed and took a big 
gulp of the champagne.  She went into the bathroom and we both changed 
and met at the pool.  I wandered to the edge and dipped my leg in and 
said that I thought it was too cold.  She came up nect to me, put her 
leg in and said she agreed.  "So who's going in first?"  I asked.  "You 
are!" and she pushed me in.  I screamed and fell in, thrashing and 
kicking around.  Swimming to the edge, I grabbed her leg and dragged her 
in too.
     We swam around for a little while, then, I got  bored  so  I
crawled out of the pool.  Sam asked, "Did I piss you off Anne?"
     "Yes I'm very mad at you for pushing me in.  Go away."
     She got out and came over to where I was standing, "I'm so so 
sorry, here let me dry you off."  Grabbing a towel from the lawn chair, 
she came over to me and put the towel over my head and rubbed it around 
until my hair was all in my face.  I yelled "Hey, watch it!" and I 
snatched the towel away and said, "Do it right!"
     "Yes master, will you show me how, please?"   I  sighed  and
grabbed the towel.  Turning her around so that her back was facing me, I 
began to slowly rub the water off of her shoulders.  Sam reached up and 
pulled off her two shoulder staps, saying "That should make it easier."
     I shrugged my shoulders and said "Whatever."  I continued drying 
until I reached the top of her one-piece.  Feeling a little brave from 
all the champagne, I pulled down the swimsuit halfway down to her hips 
and began wiping off the middle of her back.  Finally, she said "Okay, I 
get the idea," and she turned around putting her hand out to get the 
towel.  I gasped when I saw her naked breasts exposed, the hard nipples 
pointing straight out, so I quickly held up the towel in front of her 
chest.  She pushed it down saying, "Whats wrong with my breasts?"
     I turned my head and said, "Nothing's wrong with them."
     "Okay then, let's get to work."  she grabbed the towel and began 
drying my shoulders, down my arms and each finger one by one.  I was 
kind of tingling so I asked her to hurry, and she looked up and purred, 
"What's the rush silly?  Your whole body is so wet I need to dry each 
part thouroughly."  Giggling a little bit I agreed with her.
     "Raise your arms up above your head."  I did, and she wiped my 
armpits and began moving lower and lower, alternating on each side.  I 
whimpered a bit when she began towling off the exposed side of my 
breast, and she said "Okay then, how about drying me off a little?"
     I took the towel and said "Where?"
     "Where it's wet, silly."
     I looked at her chest and said  "But only your tits are wet!"
     "Then dry them!"
     I took a deep breath and put the towel to her  left  breast.
Starting at the top, I rubbed around the side, cupped the bottom with 
the soft towel, and moved down the middle of her cleavage.  She started 
cooing a bit and said "MMmmm, don't stop, they aren't dry yet."  I was 
feeling really daring by this time, so I began circling the outside of 
her nipple with the towel.  Taking my other hand, I began stroking at 
her other breast, pulling at her nipple.  Looking up, I saw the look of 
pleasure on her face as she leaned in towards me and kissed my forehead. 
I dropped the towel out of my hand and moved it down her belly, running 
my fingers through the thin blond pubic hairs until I buried my finger 
in her thick, bushy mound, wet with lust-sweat.
     With this,  Sam reached down and pulled me up by my shoulders 
and looked me deep in the eyes, "I was waiting for you to make the first 
move..."  I smiled and leaned into her face and ran my tounge slowly 
over her...
