Domestic Switching
 
Bob and Carol Swift were parents who as children shared
particularly strict upbringings.  Both were severely
chastised until they left home and were married.  In
fact on their wedding night, Carol sported bruises
on her buttocks and thighs from a strapping she had
received following an argument with her while trying on
her wedding dress.  When her mother had had enough of
her back talk, she simply had her remove her wedding
dress and bend over the bed for a dose of razor strap. 
Bob was no stranger to corporal punishment either, his
father would apply the buggy switch to his bared behind
in the barn whenever he had been disobedient.
 
Bob and Carol firmly believe that sparing the rod would
spoil their children as 17 year old Steve and 15 year
old Sally were well aware. Bob normally handled
punishment chores in the family although Carol
would observe.
 
However, Bob's job involved travel and this is the
story of an incident which occurred while Bob was out
of town.  Steve and Sally had taken the family car and
told their mother they were going out with the church
youth group.  About an hour after they left the house
Carol received a phone call from a friend who informed
her that her neighbor's house and yard had been
decorated with toilet paper and that when the culprits
were surprised, she had observed Bob and Carol's car
leaving the scene.
 
This called for severe punishment.  Carol removed a
knife from the drawer in the kitchen and went outside
to the willow tree in the back yard.  She cut two
switches about a yard long which were as thick as her
thumb at the base and tapered to the width of a pencil
and the other end.  She returned to the house and went
in to the living room to await the return of Steve and
Sally.  About an hour later Carol heard gravel
crunch in the driveway and knew that her children had
returned.  Steve and Sally came bounding in the front
door and came to a sudden stop when they saw the
switches on the coffee table.  Carol then said "You
lied to me about where you were going, what happens to
children who tell lies?"

Steve and Sally stammered "th the they get whippings
mama".  Carol responded with "you are exactly right,
you father is not here so I will have to handle this
chore."
 
Steve, go into the kitchen and bring a dinette chair
into the living room.  Sally you stand right where you
are.  Steve returned with the chair and placed it in
the center of the room.  Carol said I normally
don't punish you in front of each other, however, this
time you were together when you were disobedient. 
Steve since you are the oldest and were responsible for
your sister you will be first.  Sally, I want you
to stand with your face in the corner and listen while
I punish Steve. Your turn will be next.  Tears were
beginning to stream from her eyes as she moved into the
corner.  Steve, take off your shoes and pants and
place them below the chair.  Now, stand behind the
chair and lower your underpants - all the way to your
knees.  Bend over the back of the chair and grasp the
front edge of the seat until I tell you I am finished.

Carol grasped Steve's shirt tail and lifted it up out
of the way above his hips.  She then took off her
sweater and picked up the first switch.

I want you to remember this the next time you decide to
lie to me. Carol raised her arm above her shoulder
brought it back down, the switch whistled as it move
through the air and made a light splat as it connected
with Steve across the crease between his thighs and
bottom.

Steve sharply exhaled and his mother continued.  After
she had applied about 15 strokes on his bottom and
thighs, Steve exclaimed "Mother, Please" Carol replied
I have just gotten started.  After about 30 strokes had
been applied, Steve raised up.  Steve, place your hands
back on the chair or I will inform your father when he
returns and you'll get another dose.  Steve complied
and his mother continued on.  At about the 43d stroke,
the switch broke.  Carol said this is the penalty for
lying I hope I don't have to do this again.  Steve was
openly sobbing at this point.  Carol said pull up your
underwear and stand in the corner while I deal with
your sister.  Sally, come over here in front of the
chair and remove your shoes and pants.  Sally complied
and stood in front of the chair.  The t-shirt she was
wearing was the type with snaps in the crotch and her
mother said "unsnap your shirt and lower your panties.

Sally did so, and the elastic waist band of her white
cotton panties would not hold them at her knees and the
fell around her ankles.  Bend over and grab the seat of
the chair and stay in position until I tell you you can
move.  Carol grabbed the hem of Sally's t-shirt and
raised it up her back and tucked it under the strap of
her bra.  Carol said that should keep things out of
harm's way.  Sally had begun to tremble in fear and
embarrassment at the thought of being so exposed with
her brother in the room.  Carol picked up the second
switch and said lying is a sin and in this house
sinners are severely punished.  She then commenced the
punishment with a stroke across Sally's thighs just
above the knees.  Carol continued, working her way up
Sally's thighs to her buttocks and back down again.  By
the 20th stroke, her bottom and thighs bore a series of
angry looking thin read weals where the strokes had
landed.  Sally had begun to holler and beg for mercy
her panties were now around one ankle as she had be
begun to kick her legs.  After a couple of more strokes
Sally started to get up.  Carol said if you move
again, I will have Steve hold you like I do when your
father whips you.

Sally was mortified at this thought and grabbed the
chair again.  Carol continued with the whipping until
50 strokes had been applied.  She stopped and said you
may stand in the  corner next to Steve after you
put your underpants back on.
 
After the children had been in the corner for about an
hour, Carol said "children, some of those marks will
become bruises and I will write a note so you don't
have to undress in Gym class.  But every time you sit
for the next week you will remember what happens when
you tell lies. Now go put on your pajamas and go to
bed."
