ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ     Û ÛßßßÛ Ûßßßß ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ   Û Û   Û ÛÜÜÜÜ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ Û ÛßßßÛ     Û ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÛ Û   Û ÜÜÜÜÛ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
ÌÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¹
º                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0056                 º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º          Date Released : [07/09/92]       Author: Long Dong Silver          º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                       The World Of Pie-Rating.                              º
ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

        It seems that lately the pirate world (the WaReZ D0oDZ) has started to
become just a little bit lame. Well actually, a lot bit lame. Back a few years
ago when FiRM, MCM, PTL, and a few other groups were dominating the PC scene,
most people still had 2400 baud modems, so games took a while, and it was
actually possible to be the first in your area code to get a new game, and
then you would have reached the ultimate level of /<-RaDiCaL ])o0dNeSs.
        And of course since all these LD calls were being made, everyone and
their mother was phreaking. Back then, codez were fairly safe, rarely was
anyone ever caught with them, and they lasted for what seemed like months.
Peoples boards had new codes posted on them every day so you could just pick
one at random and use it, therefore saving yourself the risk of getting caught
for using the same one over and over.
        Plus, back then the games seemed a bit more fun, they actually were
playable. Has anyone ever noticed that nowadays the most interesting games to
play are those ones from Apogee which are fucking PuBLiC DoMaiN and 256 colors
like Jungle Jill, and actually have docs and are easy to play? I loved those
games and played them both until i beat them. They are so smooth running and
challenging, unlike most of these new WaReZ that people get that are like 20
megs in size and are impossible to figure out and need a 586 with 900 megs of
ram. Back a few years ago, anything over 2 or 3 360k disks was considered
huge, now we have these incredibly huge 17 1.44meg disk games <leather godess
of phobos II comes to mind - and wasnt it only EGA?>. I think the companies
need to stop worrying about making 50 games a week and concentrate on
shrinking them back down. I think they are making them bigger and bigger just
so they can get everyone to switch to CDROM and end pirating forever <at least
until we get the ISDN phone lines and can get our nice 115kbps modems going>.
        Also back then some of the cracking groups were putting more effort
into their cracks, and less into bragging. It seems like half the cracks today
dont work or need a patch, and then we have all the wars on the national nets
about oooh INC is better than RAZOR.. no RAZOR is better than INC. Oh you
double released us on this. Well fuck you! I assume you guys are actually
paying for all these games you crack, if i paid $50 for a game, I would
fucking double release it too, i mean just cuz someone gets it out an hour
before you, oh well. Whats the big deal about having 2 versions around? Makes
it easier to get a copy in my opinion. I mean shit, who cares how fast you get
em, you shouldnt even release the shitty warez, or at least not put any great
priority on them.
        Thats whats going wrong with the Text file scene nowadays. We have all
these really ]<-RaD D0oD "H/P/C" boards with a few locals on em and maybe 300
textfiles <none of them have descriptions of course>, and nobody knows the
first thing about phreaking or hacking, but all the same they are 'hackers'
because they are on a HPC bbs. I dont claim myself to know anything about
hacking, and very little about phreaking. I know the basics of phreaking, how
to use the codes, and how to not pay for it, but I could fucking care less
about how ESS works, or how to check my phone records or whatever. Anyone that
knowledgeable about the phone co. probably works for them and is a NARC.
        And also, howcome NOBODY ever writes tfiles anymore. Back in the apple
days, they were produced like mad, there are thousands floating around, but
almost all of them are from the 80's! Does nobody know how to write? Look at
us, 2 months and already at issue #56! Granted lots of them are stupid, but
hey, we are contributing to the textfile world. And one other thing - Congrads
to Cult of the Dead C0w for finally getting back together to work on issue
#200. I cant wait to see it , you guys are truly the veterans of the Tfile
world, hopefully someday we will be as well known as you. You guys have
probably contributed more than anyone to the tfile world in general. But if we
go for 4 years <which i strongly doubt we will> we would probably end up with
like 1800 VaS files but oh well... Anyhow thats about it for this issue, just
my rambling on... Stay tuned for more uninteresting articles in the future!
     _   __
\ | |_| |__  .. iNCREASE tHE pENIS.
 \| | |  __|

                   ÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]ÍÍÍÍÍÄÄÄ
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º  LiVe WiRE BBS        (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  º
º  PoT BBS              (313)462-1906    24oo   Phreak_Accident     World HQ  º
º  TcH BBS              (713)373-4031    14.4   One Meg Cacher      Dist. #1  º
º  Floating Pancreas    (305)551-0311    14.4   Majestic Cockster   Dist. #2  º
º  Midian BBS           (703)790-8048    14.4   The Raging Golemn   Dist. #3  º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
