ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍËÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º                                º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ   ÜÛÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º   Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter   º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛß  ßÛÛ  ÛÛ    ßß  º                                            º
º  ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛÜÜÜÜÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛÜ  º          Issue #121  -11/05/1996           º
º  ßÛÛÜÜÛÛß  ÛÛßßßßÛÛ  ÜÜ    ÛÛ  º                                            º
º    ßÛÛß    ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ßÛÛÛÛÛÛß  º          -[ Compiled By: Hedbangyr]-       º
º                                º                                            º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄĞÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                         Ways to Kill Depressed People                       º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

Hello Vas readers across the globe. Today we are proud to present to you some
tips on how to get rid of those annoying little depressants that you see so
much of lately.  Most of these people really dont have nothing to live for
except your daily ounce of marijuania or some cocaine.  Society placed labels
such as alcoholic, drug addict, whore, furry nigger, etc. on these individuals. 
So in order to lower your daily tax burden that goes to drug and calm these
people follow some of my tips and make sure to show up for the funeral in a
funny orange hat similar to the on Dr. Alex Patterson wore to his Detroit show
at the Sanctum.

1)  Tell these people that death is good for you.  These individuals will be so
scared at the thought of being locked up for good that they will listen to
anything that anyone has to offer.  Be sure to sound interested in thier
problems no matter how trivial they may seem to you.  Remember most depressed
people have no clue as to why they feel so sad so they will make up some
trivial excuses to sound meaningful such as my boyfriend/girlfriend is an
alcoholic, I was raped when I was a baby, my mother is black etc.  Tell them
that death is great and give them ways to go about it in the right manner. 
Most depressants just want attention but with your help you can push them over
the edge.  Tell them to start the car in the garage and breathe the fresh air,
or jump of the nearest bridge or into a powerful, dirty river.  Most of these
people will take the 'slit wrist' route and they will end up doing it the wrong
way anyway such as slicing the top of thier arm.

2) Many depressants rely on drugs to help them 'forget about the world'. 
Enforce the fact that drugs do help you escape and help them along with it by
making them smoke some blunts and even dose them up.  If you do not feel kind
enough to buy them 10 hits of acid to take at once rummage through any medicine
cabinet to find some fun items such as Tylenol, Nitro-Glycerine caps, Old
pennicilin or anyother prescribed drug or even over-the-counter drugs.  By
taking large quantities of these the depressant will be very relaxed and will
listen to anything anyone says..  Its a good time to test out those
brainwashing powers you have right here.  After the subject has been
sufficiently drugged try to get them to talk about how thier life sucks so bad,
previous suicude attempts that thier dumb-ass botched and such.  This would
reinforce the fact that they should kill themselved.  Tell them if they do it
right now that it wont hurt them and they will go to heaven and be next to the
dirty nigguh himself, Eric Wright, aka Gh0d and 2pac, aka Jesus Crist our Lord.

3) Never involve yourself in thier life.  Try to visit once a month to stay out
of thier personal life.  If you are trying to kill an ex-girl/bowfriend in this
manner and they still worship you this should be a piece of cake as they will
trust you more than a stranger.  If you are a stranger make up some story about
how you were molested as a child or raped and they will put trust in you and
spill out thier gay-ass life to you where you may go ahead and try these
techniques.  By not involving yourself in thier life you do not stand any
chance of suspiscion from police or parents but if you are a real rhad c0dez
d00d you won't care about this too much.  
 
4)  Also cheap ass malt liquor such as Laser Malt<Ask foolbert where to find
this>, or Schlitz contain some Afro-Booty Ingredients that do not go well with
the white folk.  This is another cheap way on putting that sad soul off into
the crossroads.

All right I hope this file has been informative and a help to you in your quest
to kill off those inferior people.  If you hate people other than depressants
such as Maltese, Jews, or Phipps this file can assist you also.  When the
person does really kill themself off you may not want to show up for the
funeral due to the sadness of the whole situation.  Remember to hear the Hard
Acid spun on the Old skewl tip by Rebel Alliance.  l8rh0.

*($)@* Brutal Truth *@($)*
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° ]<-RaD Places To Find ALL The VaS Issues °°°°°°°°°°°°°°°°° º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    DaDDy HiLL HoUsE                 WHQ    (517)355-5680       14.4k bps    º
º    ftp.umich.archives.etext.edu                        in /pub/CuD/VaS      º
º    ftp.etext.org                                       in /pub/Zines/VaS    º
º    ftp.eff.org                              in /pub/Publications/CuD/Vas    º
º    VaS WWW HomePage             http://www.msu.edu/user/harri131/vas.htm    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    We are in need of more BBS dist. sites as the last few have gone down    º
º    recently. If you are interested, E-mail me at tpp1@ixc.net               º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º    aH GoT JaNe VMB - (313)438-0390   /\  VaS VMB        - (313)605-1060     º        º
º    Wozzel Fan Club - (313)605-1016   /\  Kill da HonKeEZ- (313)438-0497     º        º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼
(C)opywrite If YoU RiP ThIs OfF wE WiLL FuCk YoU uP!
[VaS] '96 - "What is your major malfunction!"
