ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ     Û ÛßßßÛ Ûßßßß ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ   Û Û   Û ÛÜÜÜÜ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÜ Û ÛßßßÛ     Û ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
º ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ ßÛ Û   Û ÜÜÜÜÛ ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ º
ÌÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¹
º                Vaginal and Anal Secretions Newsletter #0069                 º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º          Date Released : [07/24/92]       Author: Studmuffin                º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º                          MoD Bust Recent Update.                            º
ÓÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ½

        Please note that VaS is taking on a slightly new format. The articles
will now be mostly signed under our real handles, and we will be having the
articles be either Anarchy Related,Computer Underground Related, or H/P/C
related. We will still be a 'fun' magazine, but we are cutting out the issues
devoted entirely to racism because they weren't nearly as popular as the other
types we will be making. Also welcome about Phantom Account as the newest VaS
author. Anyhow, On to the news...

            FRUSTRATED HACKERES MAY HAVE HELPED FEDS IN MOD STING

        Are hackers beginning to police themselves? The five men recently
charged with cracking into scores of complex computer systems during the last
two years may have been fingered by other hackers who had grown weary of the
group's penchant for destruction and vindictiveness , members of the hacker
community said.
        The arrest of the defendants, whom federal law enforcement officials
claimed were members of a confederation variously called the "Masters of
Deception" and the "Masters of Disaster" (MOD), was cause for celebration in
some quarters where the group is known as a spiteful fringe element.
        "Some of these guys were a big pain," said one source who requested
anopnymity for fear that unindicted MOD members would plot revenge. "They used
their skills to harass others, which is not what hackign is all about. MOD
came with a 'you will respect us' attitude, and no one liked it."
        Said another: "In the past few months, there has been a lot of
muttering on the [bulletin] boards about these guys."
        In one episode, MOD members reportedly arranged for the modem of a
computer at the University of Louisville in Kentucky to continually dial the
home number of a hacker bulletin board member who refused to grant them
greater access priveleges. A similar threat was heard in Maryland.
        In the indictment, the defendants are accused of carrying on a
conversation in early November 1991 in which they sought instructions on how
to add and remove credit delinquency reports "to destroy people's lives ... or
make them look like a saint." Unlike many other hacker organizations, the
members of MOD agreed to share important information only among themselves and
not with other hackers.

                              OFFICIALS MUM

        Who exactly helped the FBI, Secret Service and U.S. Attorney General's
Office prepare a case against the group is still anyone's guess. Assistant
U.S. Attorney Stephen Fishbein is no tsaying. He confirmed that the
investigation into the MOD began in 1990, but he would not elaborate on how or
why it was launched or who participated. FBI and Secret Service officials were
equally mute.
        Some observes said that if the charges are true, the men were not true
"hackers" at all.
        "Hacking is something done in the spirit of creative playfulness, and
people who break into computer security systems aren't hackers - they're
criminals," said Richard Stahlman , president of the Cambridge, Mass.-Based
Free Software Foundation, a public charity that develops free software. The
foundation had several files on one computer deleted by a hacker who some
claimed belonged to the MOD.
        The MOD hackers are charged with breaking into computer systems at
several regional telephone companies, Fortune 500 firms including Martin
Marietta Corp., universities and credit-reporting concers such as TRW, Inc.,
which reportadly had 176 consumer credit reports stolen and sold to private
investigators. The 11-count indictment accuses the defendants of computer
fraud, computer tampering, wire fraud, illegal wiretapping and conspiracy.
        But some hackers said the charges are like trying to kill ants with a
sledgehammer. "These guys may have acted idiotically, but this was a stupid
way to get back at them," said Emmanuel Goldstein, editor of 2600, a quarterly
magazine for the hacker community based in Middle Island, N.Y.
        Longtime hackers said the MOD wanted to move into the vaccum left when
the Legion of Doom began to disintegrate in late 1989 and early 1990 after a
series of arrests in Atlanta and Texas. Federal law enforcement officials have
described the LEgion of Doom as a group of about 15 computer enthusiasts whose
members rerouted calls, stoel and altered data and disrupted telephone
services.

                Thanks to COMPUTERWORLD magazine for the news.

                   ÄÄÄÍÍÍÍÍ[ VaS DiSTRiBuTioN SiTeS ]ÍÍÍÍÍÄÄÄ
ÉÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ»
º  BBS Name                 Number       Baud   Sysop                Title    º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º  LiVe WiRE BBS        (313)464-1470    14.4   Studmuffin          World HQ  º
º  PoT BBS              (313)462-1906    24oo   Phreak_Accident     World HQ  º
º  Floating Pancreas    (305)551-0311    14.4   Majestic Cockster   Dist. #1  º
º  Midian BBS           (703)790-8048    14.4   The Raging Golemn   Dist. #2  º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º       VaS Voice Mail Box ... (313) 910-3030 ... Toll Free In Michigan!      º
ÇÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¶
º              And To Reach us Via U.S. Mail, Send Letters To:                º
º                           VaS World Headquarters                            º
º                              P.O. Box  530768                               º
º                              Livonia,MI 48153                               º
ÈÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ¼

