                 @@@@@@@@@@                      xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
                 @@@@@@@@@@                      xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
           $$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$               xxxxxx
        $$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$$             xxxxxx
      $$$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$$$$$$         xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
   $$$$$$$$$$    @@@@@@@@@@   $$$$$$$$$$$$       xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
$$$$$$$$$$$$     @@@@@@@@@@    $$$$$$$$$$$$    FROM NEW YORK STATE, U. S. A.
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$   @@@@@@@@@@    $$$$$$$$$$$$            - July, 1993 -
 $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@                            xxxxxxxxxxxxxx
    $$$$$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$      SCAM! MAGAZINE    xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
       $$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$  VOL 1 * NO 2  xxxxxxxx           xxxxxxx
           $$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$              xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
             $$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$$$            xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
                 @@@@@@@@@@   $$$$$$$$$$         xxxxxxxx           xxxxxxx
 $$$$$$$$$$$     @@@@@@@@@@     $$$$$$$$$$$      xxxxxxxx           xxxxxxx
 $$$$$$$$$$$     @@@@@@@@@@     $$$$$$$$$$$    YOUR TRUE ON-LINE SCAM SOURCE!
 $$$$$$$$$$$$    @@@@@@@@@@    $$$$$$$$$$$       xxxxxxxx         xxxxxxxxx
    $$$$$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$$$$$          xxxxxxxxx       xxxxxxxxxx
       $$$$$$$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$$$$             xxxxxxxxxx     xxxxxxxxxxx
            $$$$$@@@@@@@@@@$$$$$$    SCAM! is    xxxxxxxxxxx   xxxxxxxxxxxx
                 @@@@@@@@@@        published by  xxxxxxxx xxxxxxxx  xxxxxxx
                 @@@@@@@@@@        THE PRODUCER  xxxxxxxx  xxxxxx   xxxxxxx
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
VOL 1  NO 2         SCAM! MAGAZINE          July 1993           FREE ONLINE!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------

                          LEGALITIES AND DISCLAIMER

     "SCAM!" MAGAZINE is published solely for informational and entertainment
purposes.  The publishers and authors in no way wish to encourage or promote
unlawful and/or criminal activities of any nature or sort, but merely wish to
furnish the materials contained herein in accordance with the practices and
policies established by the IIRG and pursuant to the Freedom of Information
Act.  Local, State and Federal laws provide severe civil and criminal
penalties for unlawful and/or criminal activity which may include fines and/
or imprisonment.  The publisher and authors absolve themselves from any and
all actions, direct or indirect, consequential or inconsequential, resulting
from the readers of this publication.  The publisher and authors are not and
at no time have been affiliated in any manner with any law enforcement agency
in any State or Territory of the United States of America.  This magazine and
its contents may be reproduced and uploaded without the permission of the
publisher and authors, but may not be modified in any manner.  The publisher
and authors assume no responsibility or liability for such unauthorized
modifications, and shall seek appropriate restitution.  SEE, READ AND
UNDERSTAND ANY AND ALL WARNINGS CONTAINED HEREIN.  THIS MAGAZINE IS AVAILABLE
FOR AND ONLY TO BE READ BY PERSONS OVER THE AGE OF 18 YEARS.
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

     ARTICLES IN THIS ISSUE

     1.  Transferring Sensitive Materials BBS-to-BBS Without Liability
             by The Producer

     2.  CBI Social Security Guide
             by CBI (who else!)
             reprinted without permission by The Producer

     3.  The Social Security Number
             by Barbara Bennett (whoever the hell she is)
             reprinted without permission by The Producer

     4.  Using Daniel J. Karnes' "Credit Card Verifier"
             article by The Producer
             executable program by Daniel J. Karnes
             [COMPLETE EXECUTABLE PROGRAM ANNEXED!]

     5.  The Right to Privacy
             by The Producer

     6.  Police Interrogation Techniques
             by ???

     7.  "SCAM!" CLASSIFIED ADS

xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx
                                     SCAM!
xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx

    EDITOR'S NOTE:  Just before getting this edition ready for press, THE
PRODUCER received a particular phone call which, for reasons that cannot now
be disclosed, has essentially required omitting the article which originally
was scheduled to appear as No. 6 in this issue;  "Police Interrogation
Techniques", not scheduled to appear yet, will now be No. 6.  Hopefully the
original No. 6 article will appear in some later issue, however it can't now.
Such is life in the democratic paradise we live in.
_____________________________________________________________________________


      "TRANSFERRING SENSITIVE MATERIALS BBS-TO-BBS WITHOUT LIABILITY"
                               by The Producer

         July, 1993. -- Hey, dudes, it's July! ... the '4th, fireworks,
beaches, naked women, etc.  ENJOY!  Meanwhile, here's what I hope is a great
new idea on how to get certain files where you want them when you want them,
without stepping on anyone's toes.  Permit me to elaborate, will you? ...

         Let's say you just hacked a valid account number and password code on
a particular system, and want to trade it for something your confidant in
Seattle has available.  What are your choices?  (1) hop the earliest flight to
Seattle, meet him and exchange the info (cost: about $750; with coffee and
donuts at the airport, add $50); OR, (2) use the "SCAM!" in this article --
it's SURE to work every time!!  Here's how it goes:


Encrypting the Sensitive Data

         Say your "meeting place", or favorite "e-mail" sending-and-receiving
zone, is a BBS that won't permit stuff like passwords, codes, etc. to be posted
or uploaded -- yet, you have to get the exchange made!  So what to do?  First,
place the data in a file of your choice, and then "zip" the file USING PKZIP
ENCRYPTION.  Here is an example of how to zip all the files in your directory
c:\work into an encrypted zip file called "TEST.ZIP":

                         pkzip -s test.zip c:\work\*.*

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              Personally, I always prefer to also use PKZip's
         "extra compression" feature.  Simply put, it takes
         just a BIT longer, but produces a zip file that is
         CONSIDERABLY smaller.  To make a regular, unencrypted
         (traditional) zip file, you would use the command:

                   pkzip -ex test.zip c:\work\*.*

         Now to make an ENCRYPTED file with extra compression,
         just add the "s", as follows:

                   pkzip -exs test.zip c:\work\*.*

         You don't HAVE to use the extra compression feature,
         but it's there for the taking and it CERTAINLY would
         be appreciated by those who download your file.  (By
         the way, you unzip regular and extra-compressed zip
         files in precisely the same manner.)


         Sysops on "fine-line" BBS's, which do not permit posting of passwords
and/or codes, will blatantly not allow unencrypted zip files containing such
data to be uploaded and, as it IS their board, their requests must be
respected.  Clearly these Sysops do not wish to become entangled with the law
and, simply put, they would be indirectly liable for having such files uploaded
and available for download on their BBS.  However, here is the whole catch:
were an ENCRYPTED zip file to be uploaded, would the Sysop be responsible for
knowing its contents?  NO WAY!


Get Sysop's Permission!

         Be sure to get on a PRIVATE chat with the Sysop and tell him what you
plan on doing; it's not nice to do it without asking permission first, plus
chances are you won't be able to get any further without his permission anyway.
The Sysop will generally allow you to upload encrypted files because, as said
above, he is not legally liable for the contents.  Additionally, it is
IMPOSSIBLE to decipher the contents of an encrypted zip file without knowing
the "key" (more on that later, be patient!)  Since the Sysop will NOT have the
key (just the file), he would have no way of knowing what the contents of the
encrypted zip file was; thus, he is legally AND morally FREE AND CLEAR.  But,
again ...  you must STILL get his permission first.  So, do so.

         Once you have obtained the Sysop's consent, upload the encrypted file
onto his BBS.  You're half-way home since the data is now available for modem
download, even if it is in encrypted form.  Now, all that's left is figuring
out how only YOU and YOUR SEATTLE FRIEND can decrypt that file, without ANYONE
else being able to.  Relax, that's a piece of cake, my fellow "SCAM!"mers ...


Making the Key

         When you encrypt the file using the command line set forth above, the
PKZip program will prompt you for a key ("Password").  This key can be anything
you want it to be; any combination of letters, numbers, symbols, etc.  Note
that the key IS case sensitive; thus, 161abb and 161aBb are NOT the same keys.
When encrypting a file using PKZIP encryption techniques, I strongly suggest
using ONLY keys that are TEN CHARACTERS LONG, composed of one or more of a
combination of any of the following:

                           abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
                           ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
                     1234567890!@#$%^&*()-+=\/?<>.,:;"[]{}

Such encryption is HACK-PROOF.  Decrypting a PKZIP file with a case-sensitive,
10-character encryption key of the type set forth above, where the key is not
known, would require over 2,000,000 CENTURIES on a 486 (this estimate was given
by PKWare, the makers of PKZIP, so I really don't think you have much to worry
about!)  Note that the fewer characters in your key, the less time it will take
for the key to be hacked; so, use TEN-CHARACTER KEYS!  Note also that you MAY
use keys that contain ANSI symbols not found on the ordinary keyboard, but WHY
DO THIS?  It's generally a pain in the ass, and it is MUCH easier to unlock
encrypted files when keys are composed of the traditional choices set forth
above.  Again, with TEN-CHARACTER KEYS, do NOT worry about anyone hacking it;
it WON'T HAPPEN!

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              Please do NOT use keys that form words; e.g. the key
         "UNZIP123" is TERRIBLE to use; rather, the key 5tY@@pxA\
         would be EXCELLENT!

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              Keep a hidden written copy of the key for yourself
         because, if you lose it, believe me you'll NEVER gain access
         to the file again for as long as you live ... and neither
         will your great-grandchildren!


Depositing the Key

         Since the only way to decrypt the file is with the key, and since up
to this point the only one with the key is you, it is now necessary to get this
key to your friend in Seattle so that he can call the BBS on which you uploaded
the encrypted file, download the file, and decrypt it with the key.  To get the
key to your friend, do the following:

         While in chat mode with your friend in Seattle, arbitrarily choose a
SECOND BBS that both of you call.  The beauty here is that this second BBS may
be a conservative BBS that only has shareware stuff, games, etc. -- a BBS that
would NEVER be suspected for transmitting illegal data!  Be sure that this
second BBS, however, has a PRIVATE message base.  Merely tell your friend in
Seattle that you will leave him a private message on this second BBS; the only
thing is, the message IS the key!!!  What could be easier?


Telling the Sysop of the Second BBS

         It's up to you whether you want to let the Sysop of the second BBS
know what you're up to.  Personally, I would not suggest it.  Firstly, Sysops
of BBS's that have shareware and games generally don't want ANYTHING to do with
such activities, and would not permit such messages to be posted even if they
were private messages.  Secondly, here is a way to post the "key" message
without it looking like a key:

         For example, say the key to the decrypted file was:

                            Idtr2t@tst

Instead of posting a private message stating merely "Idtr2t@tst", which would
really look VERY conspicuous (!!), why not try the following instead:

         "It's difficult to read 2 things @ the same time."

Have you caught on yet?  The FIRST letter in each word of the message is a
character in the key!:

         "It's difficult to read 2 things @ the same time."
          ^    ^         ^  ^    ^ ^      ^ ^   ^    ^  = Idtr2t@tst


Thus, the message LOOKS legit; the Sysop of the second BBS will THINK it's
legit; but in reality, IT'S THE KEY!!  Who would ever dream it?!!


Summary

         The Sysop of the BBS on which you uploaded the encrypted file will not
be legally liable for anything because he has no possible way of knowing what
the contents of the encrypted file could be, because he does not have the key
to decrypt it.  Other people can download the file, but it will be useless to
them without the key.  Hacking the key, if it is 10 characters long, is futile.

         The Sysop of the second BBS, on which the key is posted in a private
message base, will not be legally liable for anything because the key itself,
even if written directly, has no meaning.  It is clearly not unlawful for
anyone to post any combination of characters, lacking meaning, onto a message
base.  Especially if the message were to be transferred into a simple sentence,
as in the technique described above, the Sysop would suffer no legal
consequence.

         Thus you have now seen the procedure for transferring sensitive data
from your modem to another's modem, without permitting anyone else to access
the file.

         *** SCAM! SUGGESTION ***

              This technique works great when transferring
         registered software, too.  Use the exact same
         methodology described above; however, instead of the
         encrypted zip file containing passwords, codes or
         other data, it will actually contain an encrypted
         version of the program.

         *** SCAM! SUGGESTION ***

              For ARJ die-hards, it IS possible to use this
         same methodology using ARJ encryption (it's "G" on
         the command line for "<G>arble With Password").
         However, note that I have no stats on how long it
         takes to hack an ARJ key and so, if you really
         want to use ARJ instead of ZIP, you're on your own!

_____________________________________________________________________________



                          "CBI SOCIAL SECURITY GUIDE"
                            by CBI and The Producer

         July, 1993. --  CBI, as you probably know, is one of the country's
largest credit reporting bureaus with nationwide dial-in capability just like
TRW, Trans Union, etc.  Providing the name, address, date of birth etc. is
generally sufficient to get information on the individual's credit history.
Many articles have been published regarding techniques to obtain accounts and
passwords to this system, and I will not comment on their validity here.
However, this article will merely focus on something called "DTEC", which I
believe most readers are not aware of.

         "DTEC" is an extremely powerful social security number search tool
which resides on CBI systems.  When properly accessed, it can provide a wealth
of information on any individual solely based upon his or her social security
number alone.  The number is merely entered, and the information is spewed out.
"DTEC" is only available to those CBI'ers who qualify and subscribe for the
service.  If you are fortunate enough to be able to access CBI -- and I'll
discuss that next -- you may also gain "DTEC" capability too.


Obtaining a CBI Account from CBI

         CBI has its New England base located in Connecticut.  If you call
about obtaining an account from them, you will be happy to learn that the
charge is minimal (about $50 per month); however, there are two catches:


         First, you must have a legitimate reason for running credit reports.
This is easily solved: just tell them you are a mortgage broker and, if they
ask for a copy of your license, do the following:  (1) go to some real mortgage
broker's office, say you're interested in a loan and ask for a copy of their
license; then (2) go to your nearest copy store, use the necessary White-Out
and do the necessary other things to alter this document to fit your fictitious
company.  CBI will accept a COPY of your broker's license, so don't worry if
you wind up printing your pseudo-license on regular 8 1/2 x 11, it won't
matter.

         As I said, this first part is easily solved.  However, CBI's second
requirement isn't so easy: they require an ON-SITE INSPECTION of your
"office"!!  Whoa!  Many mortgage brokers DO operate out of their home, but of
course you don't want to give your real name or address EVER!  I guess the only
way to get around this is to use one of those "office-for-a-day" places that
rent office space, an imitation secretary, etc.  This can, of course, be quite
costly ($100's).

         *** SCAM! SUGGESTION ***

              Should you actually wind up seeking a direct account
         from CBI (can't imagine why you'd want to, $-wise), and
         should CBI ask to see an ORIGINAL copy of your mortgage
         broker's license, just tell them your attorney told you
         it's on file with the Secretary of State.  They'll buy it.

         You most likely won't want to get a direct account from CBI and will,
instead, find yourself perusing amongst the potpourri of offerings on how to
hack such accounts and passwords.  Sorry, my friends, but so it goes.


More on "DTEC"

         Anyway, once you've obtained an account and password somehow, you will
want to know how to use "DTEC", which CBI won't tell you about!  What I will
now include are the complete, unedited texts of two (2) actual CBI user guides
on "DTEC".  NOTE:  These guides were designed for CBI users in South Florida,
however the principles are just as applicable here up north.  As to references
to "Dade" and "Broward" within the text, Dade and Broward are county names in
South Florida; for example, Miami is in Dade County and Ft. Lauderdale is in
Broward, if you didn't know.  Now, here are the unedited "DTEC" texts, pieced
together:

                                     DTEC

    * Sign on as usual
    * After "PROCEED" appears, enter: DTEC-Social Security Number

             Example: DTEC-123-45-6789

    * Output appears:  either up 4 ID-only multiples
                       or a NO RECORD message.

    EXAMPLES:

    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    A.  DTEC-123-45-6789
        M1 of 2  NM-SMITH,DAN CA-123,MAIN,ST,ATL,GA
          FA-321, N1AM, ST, ATL, GA SS-123-45-6789  AGE 40
        M2 of 2  NM-BRYANT,JIM CA-789,GRAD,ST,MIA,FL
          ES-TIRE MAN, TIRE CO. SS-123-45-6789  AGE 50
        END OF REPORT  CBI AND AFFILIATES - 2/2/87
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    B.  DTEC-123-45-6789
        ******************************************************************
        IS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER A TYPO ERROR?  IF NOT SOCIAL SECURITY
        NUMBER OUT OF RANGE
        ******************************************************************
        M1 of 1  NM-RANGE,SOCIAL  CA-111,NORTH,RD,ATL,GA
          SS-123-45-6789
        END OF REPORT  CBI AND AFFILIATES - 2/2/87
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
    C.  DTEC-123-45-6789
        ******************************************************************
        IS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER A TYPO ERROR?  IF NOT SOCIAL SECURITY
        NUMBER REPORTED MISUSED
        ******************************************************************
        M1 of 1  NM-SOCIAL,DON  CA-2355,SINGLE,RD,ATL,GA
          SS-123-45-6789&
        M2 of 2  NM-SOCIAL,ALICE  CA-166,PINES,DR,ATL,GA
          SS-123-45-6789&
        M3 of 3  NM-SOCIAL,DON  CA-534,VALLEYS,RD,ATL,GA
          SS-123-45-6789&
        END OF REPORT  CBI AND AFFILIATES - 2/2/87
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------
                MESSAGE                               MEANING

    IS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER A TYPO       Social security number invalid
    ERROR?  SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER         because number in question has
    OUT OF RANGE                           never been issued.

    IS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER A TYPO       Social security number invalid
    ERROR?  SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER         because it was assigned to a
    NUMBER REPORTED RETIRED                person who is now deceased.

    IS SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER A TYPO       The social security number in
    ERROR?  SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER         question has been reported
    REPORTED MISUSED                       misused.
    ----------------------------------------------------------------------

                        DTEC MB 2000 DIRECT OR COUPLER

    1.  HIT THE CREATE BUTTON
    2.  HIT "C" FOR CBI
    3.  TYPE IN 1 FOR ACCESS CODE - IF YOUR TERMINAL DOES NOT HAVE THIS
        GO ON TO NEXT STEP
    4.  TERMINAL WILL RESPOND REPORT TYPE
    5.  HIT "X" AND HIT RETURN
    6.  TERMINAL WILL RESPOND OTHER INFO-

    7.  TYPE DTEC-000-00-0000 (MAKE SURE TO PUT DASHES IN - DO NOT PUT
        A PERIOD AT THE END OF THE LINE)
    8.  HIT RETURN - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND TRANSACTION 2 - IF YOU HAVE
        MORE SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS TO RUN - GO AHEAD AND DO SO - IF
        YOU ARE FINISHED
   *9.  HIT HELP/QUIT BUTTON - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND ?
  *10.  HIT XMIT BUTTON - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND - TRANSMIT ALL REQUESTS
  *11.  HIT "N" FOR NO - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND (C)BI (T)RW ETC. ...
   12.  HIT "C" FOR CBI - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND WITH USERS INITIALS
 **13.  TYPE IN YOUR INITIALS AND HIT RETURN - TERMINAL WILL RESPOND
        TRANSMITTING CBI PHONE NUMBER
   14.  TYPE IN PHONE NUMBER FOR CBI 937-0232 OR 739-7600 BROWARD (IF
        YOU ARE USING AN OUTSIDE LINE YOU MAY NEED TO TYPE IN 9D BEFORE
        THE NUMBER)
   15.  HIT RETURN
   16.  TERMINAL WILL RESPOND CONNECTED AND AUTOMATICALLY SIGN YOU ON AND
        GIVE YOU THE NAME, ADDRESS AND SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER OF YOUR
        SUBJECT
    **********************************************************************
    *OMIT STEP 9, STEP 10 AND STEP 11 IF YOU HAVE A CBI ONLY MB 2000
   **IF YOU ARE USING A COUPLER AT THIS TIME YOU WILL DIAL CBI - 937-0232
     DADE OR 736-7600 BROWARD PUT PHONE ON THE COUPLER AFTER COMPUTER TONE
     IS HEARD - WHEN GREEN CARRIER LIGHT COMES ON - HIT RETURN ONCE -
     TERMINAL WILL SAY CONNECTED AND AUTOMATICALLY SIGN YOU ON AND GIVE
     YOU THE NAME, ADDRESS AND SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER OF YOUR SUBJECT.

     UP TO 4 RECORDS MAY BE DELIVERED.  FORMER ADDRESS, EMPLOYMENT AND
     AGE INFORMATION PROVIDED WHEN AVAILABLE.

     IF NO RECORD FOUND OUTPUT WILL BE:
        51 NO RECORD FOUND


     CBI/EQUIFAX
     CONFIDENTIAL
_____________________________________________________________________________


                          "THE SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER"
                      by Barbara Bennett and The Producer


         July, 1993. --  I have NO idea where the hell I downloaded this one
from, but it's an EXTREMELY useful text, by some whore named Barbara Bennett,
which discusses the significance of the Social Security Number.  This, as I
said, is VERY useful information to have -- especially when engaging in scams
which require that you reside, have resided or were born in a particular part
of the United States.  Please refer to this text for all applicable future
SCAM!s.  Her unedited words follow:

                                      *

                         "The Social Security Number"

         SSA has continually emphasized the fact that the SSN identifies a
particular record only and the Social Security Card indicates the person whose
record is identified by that number. In no way can the Social Security Card
identify the bearer. From 1946 to 1972 the legend "Not for Identification" was
printed on the face of the card. However, many people ignored the message and
the legend was eventually dropped.  The social security number is the most
widely used and carefully controlled number in the country, which makes it an
attractive identifier.

         With the exception of the restrictions imposed on Federal and some
State and local organizations by the Privacy Act of 1974, organizations
requiring a unique identifier for purposes of controlling their records are not
prohibited from using (with the consent of the holder) the SSN. SSA records are
confidential and knowledge of a person's SSN does not give the user access to
information in SSA files which is confidential by law.

         Many commercial enterprises have used the SSN in various promotional
efforts.  These uses are not authorized by SSA, but SSA has no authority to
prohibit such activities as most are not illegal. Some of these unauthorized
uses are: SSN contests; skip-tracers; sale or distribution of plastic or metal
cards; pocketbook numbers (the numbers used on sample social security cards in
wallets); misleading advertising, commercial enterprises charging fees for SSN
services; identification of personal property.

         The Social Security Number (SSN) is composed of 3 parts, XXX-XX-XXXX,
called the Area, Group, and Serial.  For the most part, (there are exceptions),
the Area is determined by where the individual APPLIED for the SSN (before
1972) or RESIDED at time of application (after 1972). The areas are assigned as
follows:

/----------------------------------------------------------------------------\
|   000     unused          387-399 WI           528-529 UT                  |
|   001-003 NH              400-407 KY           530     NV                  |
|   004-007 ME              408-415 TN           531-539 WA                  |
|   008-009 VT              416-424 AL           540-544 OR                  |
|   010-034 MA              425-428 MS           545-573 CA                  |
|   035-039 RI              429-432 AR           574     AK                  |
|   040-049 CT              433-439 LA           575-576 HI                  |
|   050-134 NY              440-448 OK           577-579 DC                  |
|   135-158 NJ              449-467 TX           580     VI Virgin Islands   |
|   159-211 PA              468-477 MN           581-584 PR Puerto Rico      |
|   212-220 MD              478-485 IA           585     NM                  |
|   221-222 DE              486-500 MO           586     PI Pacific Islands* |
|   223-231 VA              501-502 ND           587-588 MS                  |
|   232-236 WV              503-504 SD           589-595 FL                  |
|   237-246 NC              505-508 NE           596-599 PR Puerto Rico      |
|   247-251 SC              509-515 KS           600-601 AZ                  |
|   252-260 GA              516-517 MT           602-626 CA                  |
|   261-267 FL              518-519 ID           *Guam, American Samoa,      |
|   268-302 OH              520     WY            Northern Mariana Islands,  |
|   303-317 IN              521-524 CO            Philippine Islands         |
|   318-361 IL              525     NM                                       |
|   362-386 MI              526-527 AZ                                       |
|                                                                            |
|   627-699 unassigned, for future use                                       |
|                                                                            |
|   700-728 Railroad workers through 1963, then discontinued                 |
|                                                                            |
|   729-899 unassigned, for future use                                       |
|                                                                            |
|   900-999 not valid SSNs, but were used for program purposes when State    |
|           aid to the aged, blind and disabled was converted to a Federal   |
|           program administered by SSA.                                     |
\----------------------------------------------------------------------------/

         As the Areas assigned to a locality are exhausted, new areas from the
pool are assigned. This is why some states have non-contiguous groups of Areas.

         The Group portion of the SSN has no meaning other than to determine
whether or not a number has been assigned. SSA publishes a list every month of
the highest group assigned for each SSN Area.  The order of assignment for the
Groups is: odd numbers under 10, even numbers over 9, even numbers under 9
except for 00 which is never used, and odd numbers over 10. For example, if the
highest group assigned for area 999 is 72, then we know that the number 999-04-
1234 is an invalid number because even Groups under 9 have not yet been
assigned.

         The Serial portion of the SSN has no meaning. The Serial is not
assigned in strictly numerical order. The Serial 0000 is never assigned.

         Before 1973, Social Security Cards with pre-printed numbers were
issued to each local SSA office. The numbers were assigned by the local office.
In 1973, SSN assignment was automated and outstanding stocks of pre-printed
cards were destroyed. All SSNs are now assigned by computer from headquarters.
There are rare cases in which the computer system can be forced to accept a
manual assignment such as a person refusing a number with 666 in it.

         A pamphlet entitled "The Social Security Number" (Pub. No.  05-10633)
provides an explanation of the SSN's structure and the method of assigning and
validating Social Security numbers.
_____________________________________________________________________________


                 "USING DANIEL J. KARNES' CREDIT CARD VERIFIER"
                      by Daniel J. Karnes and The Producer

         July, 1993. --  Have you ever had a time when you needed a credit card
number quickly?  Well, my fellow SCAM!mers, there are of course numerous ways
to get REAL credit card numbers, along with their expiration dates, but I'll
leave that topic for a future edition of "SCAM!" (sorry, but, as you know, I
just LOVE leaving these little teasers so you'll download my next issue!)

         In this article, however, I'm going to discuss something that, for its
usefulness, it equally important: the method of obtaining credit card numbers
that an UNSOPHISTICATED user (e.g. a BBS or other organization which either has
no need or means to verify), will deem as mathematically VALID credit card
numbers.


The Importance of Numerical Progression

         Visa, American Express, Discover and MasterCard all have specific
arrangements of numbers.  You seem them in their "groups" of three and four, of
course, but you probably don't know the significance of the numbers within each
group.  To make life simple, let me just state that the numbers that appear in
each group -- and the ORDER they appear -- will mathematically define valid
credit cards.  If you knew what numbers were mathematically valid, you would be
in a more powerful position because, if such a number were to be needed, it
could be readily and easily supplied without the necessity of enduring the
procedures of obtaining actual credit card numbers.  Take heart: as of today,
you can do this!  Why?  The program for doing this has been enclosed, right
here and right now, with this edition of "SCAM!" and it is available for you,
my loyal "SCAM!" friends, to use immediately!


Daniel J. Karnes' Credit Card Verifier

         If you downloaded this edition of "SCAM!" properly, you have already
seen an additional file in SCAM2.ZIP called VC.EXE.  This is a very small and
very handy little program by a man named Daniel J. Karnes who, for the life of
me, I have no idea who he is.  Anyway, my fellow SCAM!mers, this little gem can
be of great value to you.

         Using this utility is as easy as jerking off to a photo of Cindy
Crawford ...  First, just move the file into the directory where you want the
program to reside.  There's no self-extracting garbage, no nothing; the only
file in the program is VC.EXE, nothing more.  It's so small, it'll take up NO
space really, and it's well worth having.  Simply type VC at the prompt, then
RETURN.  The utility will prompt you to enter a credit card number.  Do so.
Then, hit RETURN.  The program will then tell you whether the number you
entered is a mathematically valid Visa, American Express, Discover or
MasterCard number.  If the number you entered is mathematically incorrect for
any of these four types of cards, the program will also tell you so.

         Have you figured out the value of this yet?  Here's a scenario:

         You need a credit card number for some local BBS that wants to have it
for their records.  But, if you just give them an arbitrary number, their
computer might have a program to recognize that it's "a fake, a phony and a
fraud" (quoting one of my favorite radio personalities, WABC's Bob Grant!)  So,
merely play with this utility by entering different credit card numbers until
you hit.  Then, when you get a valid number, write it down and start all over
again.  Eventually you will get hundreds of valid credit card numbers of all
types; keep these altogether on one sheet of paper and, if the need ever arises
for you to furnish a credit card number, you've got one!  What could be easier?

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              You'll have an easier time of getting valid credit
         card numbers on this utility if you enter variations of
         known real credit card numbers.  For example:

              Suppose you wanted to try to get a valid VISA
         number.  You open your wallet, take out your VISA card,
         and note that it's number is 4408 9104 0001 1234.  So,
         in the utility you might want to try 4408 9205 0001 1237
         -- a slight variation on a known REAL number.  This way,
         your likelihood of achieving success is GREATLY increased*.

              (*Yes, those #'s were just EXAMPLES!!)


         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              It is unknown to the author whether you need to
         put spaces in between when entering a credit card number
         on this utility.  I can only tell you that I have always
         put spaces in, and it works.  So, put spaces in!

         The author has personally tried this utility many times with known
credit card numbers and, surprisingly enough, it works every time!  Similarly,
it knows when bogus numbers are entered.  So fear not ... if this program can
deem your credit card number valid, then so will the user's program.


         *** "SCAM!" WARNING: ***

              DON'T rely on this program as a substitute for
         REAL credit card numbers!  There are times when you
         must absolutely need to enter a real, actual credit
         card number.  If you're presented with such an occasion,
         this program will NOT suffice!  If you don't know when
         you need actual credit card numbers and when numbers
         supplied by this program will suffice, then BE PATIENT
         and wait for an upcoming edition of "SCAM!" to tell
         you when to use what!

         A final note on this:  You can get the mathematically correct credit
card numbers using this utility, as I said above.  But what about expiration
dates?  Simple:  Just choose a month and year at random, and you're set!


         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              When choosing an expiration date, choose one
         that's about 18 to 22 months from now.  Why?  Most
         credit cards have maximum terms of TWO YEARS.  If
         you choose an expiration over 24 months, it will
         look suspicious and may not even be accepted.  If
         you choose an expiration of, say 1 month, you may
         be faced with the possibility of re-entering your
         credit card number and supplying a new expiration
         date when that month is up.  When the month is up,
         you may very well have forgotten the credit card
         number or expiration date you supplied!  Wouldn't
         that be a shame??!!!  So, if you choose an expiration
         of 18, 19 months, etc. (but NOT more than 24!), you
         know you'll have the freedom of usage of that number
         for at least that period of time.
_____________________________________________________________________________



                          "THE RIGHT TO PRIVACY"
                              by The Producer

        July, 1993. --  I intend to demonstrate the absolute continuing need
for a new callers' right to privacy, and how this privilege is being taken
away.


Newuser Guidelines on "Mr.X"'s BBS

         Upon recently logging on as a newuser on the BBS of "Mr. X", as I'll
call him here, I was confronted with the usual stuff about the terms and
conditions of the BBS, etc.  Then, I was asked to give my name, address and
telephone number --to which I responded "CONFIDENTIAL".  Then, I was brought to
the "questionnaire" area, where I was asked the usual droll fare like, "What is
'2600'?", "What does IIRG stand for?", "Do you phreak?", etc.  The appropriate
responses were supplied.  Finally, I was brought into the message area to
leave a message to the Sysop stating specifically why I want access.
Subsequently, I was told that if after 24 hours I call back and find that my
handle is not recognized, "Don't call back again" (how rude!)  The BBS states
that the message must meet with the satisfaction of "Mr. X", and I presumed
this was to weed out nerds and Secret Service agents.  Quite understandable, I
thought ...  and so I proceeded to leave my message.


Privacy Invasion Attempted from Response to Message

         [Excerpt of THE PRODUCER's original message to obtain access]:

         THE PRODUCER:  "You guys protect yourselves by using handles only and
keeping your numbers private because of the fine-line of what you have online;
I also wish to remain private, to protect myself just in case.  If I'm
paranoid, sorry, but as I said, I'm new.  I can't learn anything unless others
help me."

         [Excerpt of "MR. X"'s response]:

         "MR. X":  "Well, we all go by handles and such, but, we still need
real info.  Why?  Otherwise our records get all cluttered.  You won't see any
of us using this info at all.  But, it is very essential.  Everything here IS
legal, so there is NOTHING to worry about.  Nevertheless, we do require
things such as this.  So, before you can be granted access, you will need to
give us [your] real name, address, city/state, zip, and phone number.  If you
don't wish to do this, please tell me so I can delete your account."

                                      *


         Gimme a break!  Do you really believe he wants my real name, etc. just
to make sure his "records" don't get "cluttered"?  Come on, jack!

         Phellow readers, take note that in my opening message I told this
gentleman about "SCAM!" and, if he had any questions about The Producer's
intentions or integrity, suggested he call The Rune Stone BBS, download
SCAM1.ZIP, and see what I'm all about.  I even offered to regularly download
the latest issues of "SCAM!" on HIS board, too!  But this was The Producer's
reward for courtesy and generousity, my friends.

         Well, you know I just had to call back and leave a reply ...

         [Excerpt of reply]:

         THE PRODUCER:  "As to anonymity, I take offense at someone who INSISTS
that I reveal my true name, address and phone number -- from which you very
well know you could learn everything else about me -- when you yourself
BLATANTLY refuse to reveal who you are and where you are.  For all I know, your
BBS's number could be call-forwarded to Peru!  If everything is SO legal and
there's NOTHING to worry about, as you say, then WHY DON'T YOU COME FORWARD
FIRST??!"

         Not bad, if I do say so myself!  What do you think?  I was unimpressed
by the tiresome reiterations of how "legal" the BBS is; my feeling is, alright,
you said it once and I got the message, you're legit, OK.  Sure.  But, another
very important point is this:  For what purpose should one's identity,
especially on a "fine-line" BBS of this type, be revealed?


Pitfalls of Revealing True Identity

          Clearly, "Mr. X" wishes to have the one-way power; however, The
Producer stands firm and refuses to yield.  My suggestion to fellow readers is
to steadfastly do the same.  Think about it -- we have no idea who these Sysops
are.  For all we know, they could be 12-year-olds who havn't a clue what
they're getting themselves into.  Would you want to have your name, address,
phone number, etc. amongst a group of others and written on a list somewhere
that was taken as part of an undercover RAID some acne-faced teenager
inadvertently got himself targeted for?  I WOULDN'T!  Privacy in the U. S. is a
RIGHT, not a privilege.  Granted, it's being slowly taken away from us by the
government, but let's at least try to keep what little we have left, without
letting unknown Sysops take it away!


Weeding Out The Undercover Guys

         Something else to remember here:  it seems this man was either really
on a power trip, in a really cruddy mood, or was otherwise suspect of The
Producer.  Let's clearly, unquestionably, unequivocally, fully and completely
eliminate the latter:  The Producer is not a member of ANY law enforcement
agency, and never was!  Do you get the gist?  Do you know what that means, and
what it implies?  Simple (and remember this, in case you don't know):  If
anyone, anywhere at anytime is a member of any law enforcement agency of any
kind, and if this person is operating in an "undercover" fashion, he or she
MUST, when asked, confirm the fact that he or she is a member of a law
enforcement agency.  If a policeman or Secret Service man were to deny his
involvement, that's called "entrapment".  It doesn't matter if you're charged
with jaywalking or murder, the fact remains that if you were entrapped in any
way, shape or form, you will NEVER be convicted; this is why law enforcement
personnel MUST reveal their true selves when asked.  Thus, The Producer cannot
understand why, if the simple question is asked and answered "No", should this
not be sufficient to gain access onto "Mr. X"'s BBS, or any other BBS for that
matter?

         Why should a person's real name be required?  Everyone knows what the
Sysop is looking for -- unwanted outsiders.  The Producer says:  Weed them out
with the simple question, "Are you now or have you ever been a member of any
law enforcement agency in any State or Territory of The United States of
America?" If they answer "No", then, as Paul McCartney & Wings said (I think
around 1976?), "LET HIM IN, OH YEAH!"


What Can We Do?

         I respectfully suggest the following to all "SCAM!" readers:  if you
find yourself logging on to a "fine-line" BBS, and if this BBS requires
verifiable personal ID as discussed above, simply disconnect and don't call
again!  True, you might be missing out on some files, but you might also be
saving yourself from some unnecessary detention at the local police station
(and remember, even if the police let you go, once your name is on record it's
ALWAYS on record -- REGARDLESS of what they tell you!)  Don't just say, "Oh
yeah, sure," and take this helpful tip lightly! --  ONLY logon to BBS's with
your handle and NOTHING more, and reveal NO verifiable personals about yourself
or your whereabouts.  If everyone with a modem were to follow these rules, you
can be certain that no BBS in America would ever again require real names and
addresses -- or else they'd find themselves with no callers!  So, let's start a
trend!


Epilogue

         One final note to this:  The Producer wishes to make NO unnecessary
enemies in the BBS world.  "Mr. X" gave his opinion and, right or wrong, it's
his board and he's entitled to it ... that's a principle our country was
founded on, which too many of us seem to be forgetting nowadays.  This article
was written not to dissuade future callers to "Mr. X"'s BBS, which may very
well contain valuable files.  It is merely offered as an illustration of the
need for continued privacy for all -- both Sysops AND callers.  And may I also
note that the ad for his BBS, which is downloadable, is quite cool!

         And for those of you who are probably saying, "The Producer accused
"Mr. X" of being on a power trip, but The Producer has used the power of his
OWN magazine, "SCAM!", to publish this article AGAINST "Mr. X"!  Doesn't that
put The Producer on a power trip, too?"

         To this I respond, well, maybe, but hell ... what the fuck!

______________________________________________________________________________


                       "POLICE INTERROGATION TECHNIQUES"
                                    by ???

         July, 1993. -- EDITOR'S NOTE:  This article was obtained by an
anonymous donor and represents some of the tools used by the police in
obtaining statements of confession during interrogation.  Upon information and
belief, the materials contained in this article are fully accurate as of the
date of this publication.  My thanx to the donor for his contrib'!  The
unedited text follows:

                                       *

Why Suspects Confess

         Many criminal cases, even when investigated by the most experienced
and best qualified investigators, are ultimately solved by an admission or
confession from the person responsible for committing the crime.  Oftentimes,
investigators are able to secure only a minimal amount of evidence, be it
physical or circumstantial, that points directly to a suspect, and in many
instances, this evidence is not considered strong enough by prosecutors to
obtain a conviction.  In such cases, the interrogation of the suspects and
their subsequent confessions are of prime importance.

         This article addresses the question of why suspects speak freely to
investigators, and ultimately, sign full confessions.  The physical and
psychological aspects of confession and how they relate to successful
interrogations of suspects are also discussed, as is the "breakthrough," the
point in the interrogation when suspects make an admission, no matter how
minuscule, that begins the process of obtaining a full confession.


Defining "Interrogation"

         Interrogation is the questioning of a person suspected of having
committed a crime.  It is designed to match acquired information to a
particular suspect in order to secure a confession.  The goals of interrogation
include:

         *  To learn the truth of the crime and how it happened
         *  To obtain an admission of guilt from the suspect
         *  To obtain all the facts to determine the method of operation and
            the circumstances of the crime in question
         *  To gather information that enables investigators to arrive at
            logical conclusions
         *  To provide information for use by the prosecutor in possible court
            action.

         Knowing the definition and objectives of the interrogation, the
question then asked is, "Why do suspects confess?" Self-condemnation and self-
destruction are not normal human behavioral characteristics.  Human beings
ordinarily do not utter unsolicited, spontaneous confessions.  It is logical to
conclude, therefore, that when suspects are taken to police stations to be
questioned concerning their involvement in a particular crime, their immediate
reaction will be a refusal to answer any questions.  With the deluge of
television programs that present a clear picture of the Miranda warning and its
application to suspects, one would conclude that no one questioned about a
crime would surrender incriminating information, much less supply investigators
with a signed, full confession.  It would also seem that once suspects sense
the direction in which the investigators are heading, the conversation would
immediately end.  However, for various psychological reasons, suspects continue
to speak with investigators.


Suspect Paranoia

         Suspects are never quite sure of exactly what information
investigators possess.  They know that the police are investigating the crime,
and in all likelihood, suspects have followed media accounts of their crimes to
determine what leads the police have.  Uppermost in their minds, however, is
how to escape detection and obtain firsthand information about the
investigation and where it is heading.

         Such "paranoia" motivates suspects to accompany the police voluntarily
for questioning.  Coupled with curiosity, this paranoia motivates suspects to
appear at police headquarters as "concerned citizens" who have information
pertinent to the case.  By doing this, suspects may attempt to supply false or
noncorroborative information in order to lead investigators astray, gain inside
information concerning the case from investigators, and remove suspicion from
themselves by offering information on the case so investigators will not
suspect their involvement.

         For example, in one case, a 22-year-old woman was discovered in a
stairwell outside of a public building.  The woman had been raped and was found
naked and bludgeoned.  Investigators interviewed numerous people during the
next several days but were unable to identify any suspects.  Media coverage on
the case was extremely high.

         Several days into the investigation, a 23-year-old man appeared at
police headquarters with two infants in tow and informed investigators that he
believed he may have some information regarding the woman's death.  The man
revealed that when he was walking home late one evening, he passed the area
where the woman was found and observed a "strange individual" lurking near an
adjacent phone booth.  The man said that because he was frightened of the
stranger, he ran back to his home.  After reading the media accounts of the
girl's death, he believed that he should tell the police what he had observed.

         The man gave police a physical description of the "stranger" and then
helped an artist to compose a sketch of the individual.  After he left,
investigators discovered that the sketch bore a strong resemblance to the
"witness" who provided the information.

         After further investigation, the witness was asked to return to the
police station to answer more questions, which he did gladly.  Some 15 hours
into the interrogation, he confessed to one of his "multiple personalities"
having killed the woman, who was unknown to him, simply because the victim was
a woman, which is what the suspect had always wanted to be.

         This case clearly illustrates the need for some suspects to know
exactly what is happening in an investigation.  In their minds, they honestly
believe that by hiding behind the guise of "trying to help," they will, without
incriminating themselves, learn more about the case from the investigators.


The Interrogation Setting

         In any discussion concerning interrogation, it is necessary to include
a review of the surroundings where a suspect is to be interrogated.  Because
there is a general desire to maintain personal integrity before family members
and peer groups, suspects should be removed from familiar surroundings and
taken to a location that has an atmosphere more conducive to cooperativeness
and truthfulness.  The primary psychological factor contributing to successful
interrogations is privacy -- being totally alone with suspects.  This privacy
prompts suspects to feel willing to unload the burden of guilt.  The
interrogation site should isolate the suspect so that only the interrogator is
present.  The suspect's thoughts and responses should be free from all outside
distractions or stimuli.

         The interrogation setting also plays an important part in obtaining
confessions.  The surroundings should reduce suspect fears and contribute to
the inclination to discuss the crime.  Because fear is a direct reinforcement
for defensive mechanisms (resistance), it is important to erase as many fears
as possible.  Therefore, the interrogation room should establish a business
atmosphere as opposed to a police-like atmosphere.  While drab, barren
interrogation rooms increase fear in suspects, a location that displays an
open, you-have-nothing-to fear quality about it can do much to break
down interrogation defensiveness, thereby eliminating a major barrier. The
interrogators tend to disarm the suspects psychologically by placing them in
surroundings that are free from any fear-inducing distractions.


Psychological Factors

         More than likely, suspects voluntarily accompany investigators, either
in response to a police request to answer questions or in an attempt to learn
information about the investigation.  Once settled in the interrogation room,
the interrogators should treat suspects in a civilized manner, no matter how
vicious or serious the crime might have been.  While they may have feelings of
disgust for the suspects, the goal is to obtain a confession, and it is
important that personal emotions not be revealed.

        Investigators should also adopt a compassionate attitude and attempt to
establish a rapport with suspects.  In most cases, suspects commit crimes
because they believe that it offers the best solution to their needs at the
moment.  Two rules of thumb to remember are:  (1) "There but for the grace of
God go I"; and (2) it is important to establish a common level of understanding
with the suspects.  These rules are critical to persuading suspects to be open,
forthright, and honest.  Suspects should be persuaded to look beyond the
investigators' badges and see, instead, officers who listen without judging.
If investigators are able to convince suspects that the key issue is not the
crime itself, but what motivated them to commit the crime, they will begin to
rationalize or explain their motivating factors.

         At this stage of the interrogation, investigators are on the brink of
having suspects break through remaining defensive barriers to admit involvement
in the crime.  This is the critical stage of the interrogation process known as
the "breakthrough".


The "Breakthrough"

         The "breakthrough" is the point in the interrogation when suspects
make an admission, no matter how small.  In spite of having been advised of
certain protections guaranteed by the Constitution, most suspects feel a need
to confess.  Both hardcore criminals and first-time offenders suffer from the
same pangs of conscience.  This is an indication that their defense mechanisms
are diminished, and at this point, the investigators may push through to elicit
the remaining elements of confession.

         In order for interrogators to pursue a successful breakthrough, they
must recognize and understand certain background factors that are unique to a
particular suspect.  Many times, criminals exhibit psychological problems that
are the result of having come from homes torn by conflict and dissension.  Also
frequently found in the backgrounds of criminals are parental rejection and
inconsistent and severe punishment.  It is important that investigators see
beyond the person sitting before them and realize that past experiences can
impact on current behavior.  Once interrogators realize that the fear of
possible punishment, coupled with the loss of pride in having to admit to
committing mistakes, is the basic inhibitor they must overcome in suspects,
they will quickly be able to formulate questions and analyze responses that
will break through the inhibitors.


Successful Interrogations

         Investigators must conduct every interrogation with the belief that
suspects, when presented with the proper avenue, will use it to confess their
crimes.  Research indicates that most guilty persons who confess are, from the
outset, looking for the proper opening during the interrogation to communicate
their guilt to the interrogators.

         Suspects confess when the internal anxiety caused by their deception
outweighs their perceptions of the crime's consequences.  In most instances,
suspects have magnified, in their minds, both the severity of the crime and the
possible repercussions.  Interrogators should allay suspect anxiety by putting
these fears into perspective.

         Suspects also make admissions or confessions when they believe that
cooperation is the best course of action.  If they are convinced that officers
are prepared to listen to all of the circumstances surrounding the crimes, they
will begin to talk.  The psychological and physiological pressures that build
in a person who has committed a crime are best alleviated by communicating.
In order to relieve these suppressed pressures, suspects explain the
circumstances of their crimes they confess.

         And, finally, suspects confess when interrogators are able to
speculate correctly on why the crimes were committed.  Suspects want to know
ahead of time that interrogators will believe what they have to say and will
understand what motivated them to commit the crime.


Conclusion

         It is natural for suspects to want to preserve their privacy, civil
rights, and liberties.  It is also natural for suspects to resist discussing
their criminal acts.  For these very reasons, however, investigators must
develop the skills that enable them to disarm defensive resistors established
by suspects during interrogation.  Before suspects will confess, they must feel
comfortable in their surroundings, and they must have confidence in the
interrogators, who should attempt to gain this confidence by listening intently
to them and by allowing them to verbalize their accounts of the crimes.

         Interrogators who understand what motivates suspects to confess will
be better able to formulate effective questions and analyze suspect responses.
Obviously, more goes into gaining a confession than is contained in this
article.  However, if the interrogator fails to understand the motivations of
the suspect, other factors impacting on obtaining the confession will be less
effective.

                                     *

_____________________________________________________________________________


    qpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpq   THE   pqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpqpq
    *********************************|**********************************
  SCAM!/---/--------///-----////----////---///----////---///---/////--////
   oooo/  @        ooo/    oooo    oooo   ooo    oooo  ooo   oooo   oooo
  @/      @/      @/ /@/  @/ //   @/  //   @/   @ /     @/  @ // /   @/ @
  @/      @/      @ooo@/  @oooo/  @oooo/   @/   @oo/    @/  @oooo    @/ @
  @ / //  @ / //  @/  @/  /// @/  /// @/  /@/   @/     /@/  @ / //   @//@
  _oooo/  _oooo /_@/  @/ _oooo/  _oooo/  _ooo/ _@/    _ooo/ _oooo  _oooo/
  ------------------------------------------------------------------ SCAM!
    *********************************|**********************************
    dbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdbdb

"THE RUNE STONE BBS" is open and is available to ALL inquisitive modemers!
This is an IIRG-oriented, Connecticut-based BBS which features a VERY
knowledgeable, helpful and friendly Sysop; NO ratios(!); and a WEALTH of
informational philes to explore.  This BBS is also the place to find the
latest editions of "SCAM!" magazine!  Even if you're an out-of-state caller,
this BBS is well worth the extra dime.  So why not call today?  The fone
number is (203) 832-8441.  Logon with newuser password "CONSPIRACY", and say
you heard about 'em from "SCAM!"
  _________________________________________________________________________

WANTED:  VALID CBI, TRW, EQUIFAX AND TRANS UNION ACCOUNTS, PASSWORDS AND

LOGON HELP.  If you have enjoyed reading "SCAM!" magazine and have found it
of any value to you, which hopefully you have, please be advised that NO
idiotic money contributions are requested.  Rather, I seek the above.  If
you have any of the above, or would like to refer a BBS number and newuser
logon password where the above information can be obtained, please leave a
PRIVATE message for THE PRODUCER on The Rune Stone BBS (see above).  NOTE:
The Rune Stone BBS is a legitimate BBS and does NOT wish information of
this type publicly posted.  Therefore, please obey the wishes and respect
the rules of the Sysops on this BBS and do NOT post this info publicly.
Each message will be treated with the UTMOST in confidentiality and will be
sincerely appreciated.

_________________________________________________________________________

ARE YOU SICK AND TIRED OF CALLING "611" to get repair service, only to find
out that the line is busy or you're being put on hold for about an hour??
Fret no more ... if you're a New York Telephone customer, try 890-0091.  This
is an UNLISTED New York Telephone trunk number that will automatically connect
you to the first available operator for repair.  The repair centers, by the
way, are in White Plains and Garden City, and there's another in Queens
somewhere.  You won't find yourself calling back or left on hold again!

             SIDE NOTE:  This number works in MOST area codes serviced
         by New York Telephone, but it might not work in yours.  Try
         it anyway, you have nothing to lose!

THIS HELPFUL HINT FURNISHED COURTESY OF THE PRODUCER ON "SCAM!" MAGAZINE
_________________________________________________________________________

FOR SALE:  VALID SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS, together with (1) the name of the
person the number belongs to;  (2) his or her most current address; and (3)
his or her most current telephone number.  HUNDREDS OF NUMBERS AVAILABLE,
most also including the person's date of birth!  Many also include the
person's current occupation, place of employment AND salary.  These numbers,
which are available for REAL, LIVING persons, can in many cases be tailored to
your needs for specific age, race and/or nationality.  NO MONEY DESIRED FOR
THIS INFORMATION; USE YOUR BRAIN TO FIGURE OUT WHAT'S WANTED IN RETURN!
DISCLAIMER: The authors and publishers of this magazine shall act merely as
liaison to any parties responding to this advertisement, for informational and
entertainment purposes only.  RESPOND, PLEASE, IN THE APPROPRIATE FASHION.
_________________________________________________________________________

FIND OUT INFO ON THAT AMEX CARD!  If you know the number of an American Express

Card AND the social security number of the cardholder, just dial the following
number: 1-800-292-2639.  A computer-generated program will permit you to find
out lots of valuable information on the card such as last payment, available
limits, etc.  You do NOT need to know the expiration date of the card!  Works
for greens, golds and platinums.  CALL (from a payphone) TODAY!

         *** SCAM! SUGGESTION ***

              If the computer attempts to transfer you to a
         live operator, this means some of the information you
         gave them didn't jive.  DISCONNECT IMMEDIATELY!

         *** SCAM! SUGGESTION ***

              Have more AMEX inquiries?  Call 1-800-528-4800
         for a live person ... but know what you're doing!!
         Calls are answered M-F 9:30-5:30 EST.
_________________________________________________________________________

WANTED:  VALID WDIA ACCOUNTS, PASSWORDS AND LOGON HELP.  WDIA is (or was)
one of the nation's largest electronic databases that acts (or did act) as
a gateway to DMV, credit card bureaus and courthouse records nationwide.  Its
function is (or was) to provide private investigators with the necessary tools
for tracing, tracking, etc. private individuals and/or businesses and, upon
entering the proper search requests, can offer credit card histories, criminal
background checks, business investigations etc. nationwide, if not worldwide.
If you have enjoyed reading "SCAM!" magazine and have found it of any value to
you, please leave a PRIVATE message for THE PRODUCER on The Rune Stone BBS
(see above), or furnish a BBS number where the above information can be
obtained.  Again, please respect the rules of The Rune Stone and do NOT post
public ANY info of this type.  Each message will be treated with the UTMOST
confidentiality and will be sincerely appreciated.

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              For total anonymity, use the PKZIP encryption technique
         described above.  Especially when dealing with WDIA, I would
         suggest it.
_____________________________________________________________________________

IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD IN "SCAM!" MAGAZINE:  Leave a
PRIVATE message for THE PRODUCER on The Rune Stone BBS (see above).  Your real
name, address, etc. are NOT needed to place classified ads.  You may leave
your handle, e-mail address and/or BBS message area where others can respond
to your ad.  NO FEE IS REQUIRED!  Classified ads MUST conform to the general
content of "SCAM!" magazine.  Classified ads for "conservative" BBS's (e.g.
BBS's containing shareware programs, games, etc.) will NOT be posted, so
please don't waste my time!  Classified ads containing actual credit card
numbers, passwords, etc. will NOT be posted, simply because the posting of
such information would be clearly illegal; however, classified ads that
contain SOURCES to obtain this information are acceptable and, in fact, are
encouraged. Classified ads will be posted based upon their content and at the
sole and exclusive discretion of THE PRODUCER.  In your request, please don't
forget to specifically state that you wish a classified ad, or else your info
will simply be treated confidentially and I will not know to post it.  Please
help make "SCAM!" magazine grow by submitting your classified ad today!
_____________________________________________________________________________

IF YOU WOULD LIKE YOUR ARTICLE PUBLISHED IN "SCAM!" MAGAZINE:  "SCAM!"
magazine is searching for new "Field Researchers"!  If you have something you
feel is valuable to the readers of "SCAM!" and would like to submit it for
consideration, please do so!  Here's how:  Leave a PRIVATE message for THE
PRODUCER on The Rune Stone BBS (see above).  In this message, state the
following:  (1) your handle; (2) a brief (please!) description of your
offering; (3) about how many pages is it?; (4) a BBS that you belong to, other
than The Rune Stone BBS; and (5) newuser password and logon info for that
other BBS.  Generally only articles, in ASCII form, will be accepted;
executable programs, unless VERY useful and VERY small, cannot be considered
simply due to the forum.  Please post your proposed article in ZIP, ARJ or LHA
on that other BBS (not the Rune Stone!)  If your article seems really
worthwhile, it will be downloaded, reviewed and ultimately published.  In your
request, please don't forget to specifically state that you wish an article
published, or else your info will simply be treated confidentially and I will
not know to consider it.  Please help make "SCAM!" magazine grow by submitting
your articles for consideration today!

         *** "SCAM!" SUGGESTION: ***

              If you would like to keep your article confidential
         prior to its appearance in "SCAM!", do the following:  Place
         the article in "ZIP" form on the other BBS, but add PKZIP
         encryption to the file.  In your private message, leave the
         key.  That way, no one else can read the article.
_____________________________________________________________________________

EDITORIALS AND SUGGESTION BOX.  All articles in "SCAM!" magazine are subject to
EDITORIAL REPLY by my readers.  This is a free country and you're entitled to
respond, so PLEASE DO SO!  I welcome your thoughts and ideas.  Do you have any
suggestions on how to make "SCAM!" better, or what you'd like to see in
"SCAM!"??  Was there something in "SCAM!" you disagree with, or would like to
have clarified??  Is there a particular scam you'd like to pull off, but don't
know how??  Leave a PRIVATE message for THE PRODUCER on The Rune Stone BBS and
let your editorial replies be heard for future publications of this magazine!
_____________________________________________________________________________


                 UNTIL NEXT TIME, HAPPY "SCAM!"S & BE WELL!


 ---  --             T  H  E    P  R  O  D  U  C  E  R             --  ---

SNEEZING, COUGHING, CHOKING and GASPING FOR UNPOLLUTED AIR IN GOD'S COUNTRY...

                         NEW YORK STATE, U. S. A.!
_____________________________________________________________________________


                                  The End
