SURVEILLANCE EQUIPMENT BUYS

The following is a review of recent governmental bid specifications around 
the country for electronic surveillance equipment.

Drug Enforcement Administration

(100) Miniature video transmitter - low power. (100) Miniature video 
transmitter - lower power with one optional audio channel. (100) Miniature 
video transmitter - lower power with two optional audio channels. 

(100) Miniature video transmitter - high power. (100) Miniature video 
transmitter - high power with one optional audio channel. (100) Miniature 
video transmitter - high power with two optional audio channels. 

(100) Compact portable video receiver. (100) compact portable video receiver 
with one optional audio channel. (100) compact portable video receiver with 
two optional audio channels.

The above transmitters shall have a frequency range of 1.71 GHz - 1.85 GHz 
fixed frequency. Power output of 200-500Mw (low), 3-5 Watts (high). The 
physcial volume of the transmitters will be less than 15 cubic inches and 
weigh less than 20 oz.

In addition, the following federal agencies will be able to purchase from the 
same contract: Federal Bureau of Investigation, U.S. Customs Service, U.S. 
Secret Service, Interest Revenue Service, Bueau of Alcohol Tobacco And 
Firearms, and the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Division. 

(32) Panasonic AG-450 camcorders.

(50) Panasonic AG-1960 VCRs.

(29) Panasonic AG-R6720 time laspe VCRs.

(92) Panasonic AG-7400 portable video cassette recorders.

(21) Discovery DNR (dailed number recorders)

(46) Audio Console, 23 Audio Module, 2 linel, 25 MF Module, 50 cable sets 
(audio, 25 feet), 75 RS232 printer cables.

@BODY-HEAD = Federal Bureau of Investigation

(105) Revox Tape Recorders. 1/2 tract stereo with speeds of 1-7/8 and 3-3/4 
IPS. 105 rack adapters for the tape recorders.

(140) Tascam 112 Cassette recorders, and 140 Tascam RC-71 remote cables.

United States Secret Service

(500) Motorola model H99QX Digial Saber III, DES voice privacy Handie-Talkies.

(200) Motorola model Syntor X9000 T99KX 100 mobile VHF radio with DES voice 
privacy.

(40) Motorola model P1350 DES-XL radio base stations.

(10) Motorola model P1578A RF power amplifiers for use with the P1350s.

(96) Motorola model PT3011 doe DES/XL encryption OTAR compatible variable key 
loaders.

Triborough Bridge and Tunnel Authority (Randall's Island, New York, NY)

(1) Probity electronics PE-X10 C-Mount Camcorder Video surveillance system 
with concealment shoulder bag and Auto Iris.

(1) Electronic corp Astrolight viewer, low light level image intensifier 
including, 7x magnifing eyepiece, 135 mm telephone lens, foam lens storage 
case, pistol grip.

(1) Probity electronics 9100-202 focusable, relay lens adapter to connect the 
PEX10 and the Astrolight Viewer.

(1) Sony UP-850N video printer.

(1) CR IIA Typr 2 (three system complete kit) includes CR II receiver, also 
transmitter (two part unit mounted in a belt with antenna, and miniature 
microphone mounted in the buckle. Frequency: 150-174mhz, 500mw. The CR-IIA is 
an audio only transmitter.

(1) Probity electronics SME II, omni directional electret miniature 
microphone.

(1) Probity electronics CR-IIA transmitter concealment kit, includes: 1 
attache case, 1 AM/FM cassette recorders, 1 leather port folio.

(1) Marantz pmd 221 recorder, 3 heads.

State of South Carolina, Law Enforcement Division

The following equipment is being purchased to be used by agents in the field 
in conjunction with other Audio Intelligence Devices surveillance equipment. 
It is needed to allow field agents to expedite their surveillances without 
waiting on assistance from Headquarters in Columbia.

(5) Unitized intelligence system. Unitel model 121B receiver, and TX714 
transmitter. The receiver has at least 5 crystal controlled switch selectable 
frequencies in the range of 150-175MHZ.  The transmitters are 250mw and 
equiped with an external electret microphone with an audio cable of 13 
inches. The maximum dimensions exclusive of the microphone is 75mm x 60mm x 
20mm.

(7) Body transmitter, model TX-903A. Frequency: 150-174MHZ. 1 watt powered by 
two 9 volt alkaline batteries and measure no larger than 3-3/8" x 2-1/4"

(6) Portable VHF-VHF 2 watt repeater.

(1) Portable briefcase VHF-VHF repeater / transceiver 2-15 watts. Unitel 
model 2215.

(1) Portable briefcase VHF-VHF repeater / transceiver 2-6 watts. Unitel model 
BXR2200A.

(5) Disguised pager transmitter. Unitel model TX-788. Frequency: 150-174 MHZ, 
500 mw, powered by 1 9-volt alkaline battery.

(8) Electret microphone Unitel #91303.

(10) Flexible wire body antennas. Unitel #91204-01.

(2) Flexible wire body antennas (3'-11''). Unitel #91254.

Summerville Police Department (Summerville, South Carolina)

Audio surveillance equipment meeting the following requirements. Listening to 
and recording covert conversations with no unintentional feedback to the user 
of the transmitter used primarily for undercover operations.

VHF High band (150-174MHZ) with at least 6 channels, repeater compatible, 
separate outputs for earphone, VCR and line level audio, portable, mobile and 
fixed operations, can be powered from various sources, 12-15VDC, 115/230VAC. 
Internal rechargeable batteries, unattended recording, ie: carrier recorder 
actuation, voice scrambler.

Texas Department of Public Safety

(6) High intensity infrared illuminators to be used with existing 
surveillance cameras. M3 Media model IR-32F.

(5) Transformer enclosed surveillance system. This system is intended to 
provide covert video surveillance of a designated target. It transmits a 
standard NTSC video image over a 2450-2483.5 MHZ video (10 watts of power 
output)  link to a remote listening post. A low ligth CCD video camera 
coupled with a motorized lens provides the video image. The zoom and focus is 
remotely controlled by a VHF FM DMTF control link.

The camera and lens in concealed in a 50KVA or smaller utility pole 
transformer can. The system is to be pole mounted and powered by a 120 volt 
line from an adjacent transformer. The antenna pattern is omnidirectional so 
that the receiving site may be located at any position within a given radius 
of the unit.

The DMTF control unit provides remote control of zoom lens functions, 
positioning the pan/tilt drive, and turning the video transmitter on and off. 
A multiple digit password feature is incorporated into the DTMF control unit 
and is factory set at 3 digits.

Dallas, Texas Police Department

(3) Miniature body transmitters, Model TX-903, 1 watt power output, 
165.2125MHZ, 165.1875MHZ, and 169.3850MHZ.

(2) Disguised ditial pager alarm transmitter with FM Voice, model TX-788AT, 
500mw power output, 165.1875MHZ and 165.2125MHZ.

(1) Envelope alarm transmitter, model TX-730, 120mw power output, 167.3575MHZ

(1) RF power amplifer Cat #91120, 1 watt input signal, 169.3850MHZ.

(2) Dynatech model T60 P12 DA disguse pager transmiter with alert tone.

(1) Dynatech model T60 E-1 low profile envelope transmitter.

(1) Dynatech model T100 disguise cigarette pack transmitter.

