                        Ralph and His Friend 
                           by Lance Kester 
         
        (This account is based on a true story that happened before the
         time when there was a national and personal health concern.
         Enjoy the story, but when you play with someone, please play
         safe and wear a condom.)
 
        I met Ralph in my favorite bar.  He was extremely friendly and 
talkative.  He was new in town and looking for work as an electrician.  He was 
staying with friends but wanted to live on his own as soon as he could afford 
it.  Ralph was good company and quick to pick up on my hint that he could 
enjoy my friendship and hospitality better in my apartment.  We had talked 
enough for me to decided that it would be safe to take him home for a 
seduction attempt. 
        Physically, Ralph was lean, dark, around twenty four and reasonably 
attractive.  What he lacked in looks, he made up in what I call a sweet but 
manly personality.  When I took him home, I had no idea that he was anything 
but straight.  In short, he was the type I most prefer, strong, young and a 
laborer.
        When we got to my apartment, the seduction was so quick and easy that 
within minutes Ralph was naked and lying across my king size bed.  He had a 
long skinny dick that was a joy to suck.  I gobbled it right down while he 
pushed up his hips giving me all I wanted.  I worked on his hard dick for a 
few minutes before looking up to see him smiling down at me and enjoying my 
every effort.  Some men close their eyes and fantasize their own dreams when 
you suck them off, but not Ralph.  He watched me sucking him.  He knew I was 
sucking him, and he showed every indication that he liked me sucking him.  I 
was his cocksucker, and we both knew it and liked our roles in sex.
        About then he asked me to take all my clothes off.  I guessed that he 
wanted to fuck me with that perfect dick of his for fucking.  I tore off my 
clothes and jumped back in bed and the two of us sat for a moment just looking 
at each other overjoyed that we had found each other.  Before he made the 
plunge up my ass, I wanted one last suck on that delicious prick.  I went down 
on him and took it as far down my throat as it would reached.  My nose was in 
his pubic hair, his balls were on my chin.  I had all of him.  I hummed and 
growled and moved my head so he could feel the head of his dick rubbing the 
passage of my throat.  He moaned with joy and such force that I thought he was 
going to cum right then.  Instead, he grabbed my head and mouth fucked me for 
a few minutes.
        Next he started turning in bed, and I knew my ass was in for a 
fucking.  I reluctantly pulled my mouth off his dick, and just as I did, he 
went down on mine!  I was not surprised at his doing it.  I had had  other 
'straight' men taste my dick when I was doing them.  Somehow men seem to think 
that what they do in bed with a homosexual does not count or make them in any 
way homosexual.  God, it was good having my dick in his mouth. 
        All too soon he stopped leaving me wishing for more.  He hesitated a 
second and then asked if I minded if he took out his partial bridge.  He said 
he had lost two front teeth in a fight.  I told him to go head.  He took it 
out, and went back to sucking my dick.  What had before been good was now 
excellent.  Without those teeth he could get more of my big dick into his 
mouth, and he took all he could get. Damn if he didn't seem to enjoy 
cocksucking as much as I do.  I turned in bed and we got into a sixty nine 
session.  I pressed down on his dick until his balls were hitting me right in 
the eyes.  They looked so good that I stopped sucking his dick and started 
sucking his balls.  From there I moved right on to his ass which he willingly 
spread and let me eat as much as I wanted.  By now I could tell he was really 
getting hot.  Suddenly, he turned me over and pushed that marvelous dick right 
up my ass.  I was briefly in pain, but we were both so hot that there was no 
slowing down.  He moaned and thrust his dick to the hilt up my ass.  I 
squirmed on the bed beneath him in pure pleasure.  He continued to pound my 
butt and moan as if he were about to cum any second.  Soon I was moaning and 
raising my ass up to meet his every thrust.  It was animal passion and we were 
momentarily lost in the act.  Soon he yelled Jesus and unloaded in me.  I 
raised myself just high enough off the be to give my dick a few jerk to bring 
on my orgasm.  I shot on the sheets and then fell in my own cum with Ralph 
lying on my back and his dick still in me.  I don't know how long we lay 
there, but after a while we went to the bathroom and showered together and 
congratulated one another on having had a fuck of a life time.  What else 
could I say but yes, when he ask to sleep in my king size bed that night?

                         + + + + + + + + +  
  
        One night at bed time, Ralph rang my door bell.  I had seen him a few 
times since the fabulous fuck at our first meeting, but we had never been able 
to reach again the fireworks of that first session together.  Now he stood at 
the door with a friend, Ken, and they really needed a place to spend the 
night.  One look at Ken and I could tell he was just a good old country boy 
that Ralph had taken up with in some bar.  He was tall, lean, about twenty 
three, and a beard that made him look like a young Kenny Rogers.
        We had a beer and talked, and I decided that Ken was what Ralph called 
`good people.'  I told Ken that he could sleep on the sofa in the living room 
and that Ralph could sleep with me in the king size bed.  I figured that if we 
were quiet, Ralph and I could suck dick after Ken went to sleep.
        While Ken was using the bathroom, Ralph whispered to me that I must 
not mention to Ken that he, Ralph, was bi-sexual. 
        "Did you tell him that I was?"  I asked. 
        Ralph tried to get out of answering this question, but he finally 
admitted that he had. 
        "Do you think he's interested in sex?" I asked. 
        "You can try," said Ralph. 
        When Ken returned I told him there was plenty of room in my king size 
bed for him.  As soon as I said that, they drained their beers and undressed 
for bed.  I got in the middle, of course. 
        When we were under cover, I took hold of Ralph's dick and felt it 
hardening in my hand.  Next I put my hand on Ken's thigh and left it there for 
a minute before making the move up to his crotch where I found a hard dick 
waiting for my eager hand.  I pulled his jockey shorts down and sucked his 
long rod right into my wet mouth while still holding Ralph's dick with one 
hand.  After a minute or so I came up for air and told Ralph that his buddy 
had a big dick.  This embarrassed Ken at first, until I turned on the reading 
light and he saw my hand around Ralph's hard dick.
        I dimmed the reading light and told them to lie side by side.  They 
seemed happy to do so.  By now they were completely nude, and I was looking at 
two slender bodies and two hard dicks waiting for my attentions.  I got over 
them and pulled on their dicks.  First I would suck one then the other.  Next 
I put their dicks together and licked and sucked them as best I could at the 
same time.  This is as close as some men can come to having sex with another 
man.  It's a real turn on for `straight' guys who have a feeling for their 
buddy and need a woman or a cocksucker to bring them together.
        (A cocksucker once told me that he had two straight sailors in bed.  
When he had sucked off the first one, he followed him to the bathroom and told 
the cocksucker to let him suck off his buddy.  So they went back and in the 
dark one sailor sucked off the other sailor letting him think it was the 
cocksucker doing it.  Probably all three knew what was going on.) 
        After I had sucked on Ralph and Ken for a while, Ralph left his place 
on the bed and climbed up on my ass.  With a little effort and a lot of spit, 
he had his long dick moving up my willing ass.  (Ralph had one of those long 
skinny dicks that was more fun to get fucked with using no lubrication except 
nature's own spit.)
        As soon as Ralph got his fucking rhythm going and giving my ass a good 
pounding, I started giving Ken some serious head.  As Ralph fucked me, he was 
stretched out over my back with his face very close to mine and only inches 
from Ken's long dick which was as nearly as far down my throat as Ralph's was 
up my ass.  I wondered if Ralph wanted to suck Ken's dick, too.  I took Ken's 
dick out of my mouth and went for his balls.  This left Ken's hard dick even 
closer to Ralph's mouth, but Ralph would not take the bait. 
        "Hey, Ken," said Ralph, "doesn't this remind you of us screwing that 
chick the other night?" 
        "Yeah," said Ken. 
        It was an obvious lie.  Both were simply affirming their masculinity 
to each other.  There had been no chick. 
        I was really getting turned on to Ken and decided to go for his ass 
with my tongue, but he would not let me.  About that time Ralph shot a full 
load of cum up my ass and departed for the bathroom and a hot shower. 
        With Ralph gone I asked Ken for his ass again and again he said no.  I 
suspected it had to do something with Ralph so I told him to let me do it 
quick before Ralph got back.  With that he spread his legs and I dove tongue 
first into a very nice asshole.  Ken sighed and I really went for it.  He was 
obviously enjoying it, and I was enjoying giving it my best.  At the same time 
I was wondering why Ken did not mind Ralph seeing me suck his dick but did not 
want Ralph to see me eating his ass?  I decided there is no understanding the 
barriers that people put around pleasure.
        Just then Ken pushed his long dick into my face and I barely had it in 
my mouth then gobs of salty cum splattered the back of throat.  Ken moaned and 
acted as if he were dying.  But he lived and the three of us slept rather 
cozily in my big bed for the rest of the night.

                               Epilog 

     I spend several other nights with Ralph after that, but I never had a 
chance to taste Ken's cum again.  The last time I heard from Ralph, he was in 
a Maryland jail.  He married a bitch in a moment of weakness and hit her in a 
moment of strength.  He called from jail asking for cigarette money which I 
gladly sent telling him to call again.  He has not, but I wish he would.
