Copyright © 1997, Big Daddy,     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.





by:  Big Daddy



The Young and the Restless (Friends 14 yr. Old step daughter
fucks him and her step dad)

	Tanya was only 14 when I first got to fuck her.  Upon
reflection, I have to say it was the best experience of my life.
 There's nothing like the cute little ass, the perfect little
legs, the perky little breasts of a young fourteen year old
girl.  Now she's 16 and I have to say I still enjoy fucking her.
 I'm wondering if there will ever be anything to compare with
those younger days, but then again, it will be nice to give her
first orgasm.  But I digress, let's talk about the first time.

Tom was my good friend.  We had both gone to school together and
shared common (and not so common) sexual fantasies.  He had been
seeing a woman for several years who consequently had a young
daughter from a previous relationship.  Shortly after moving in
with the two of them, the young fourteen year old girl, Tanya,
began to playfully do sexual things around him when they were
alone.  However, I had no idea just how "playful" she had been. 
Not until that great day.

I was over watching football with Tom and his "woman" was out of
town visiting a friend in Seattle for the weekend.  I had seen
Tanya many times before and she was a damn good looking 14 year
old.  But she was even better looking when she came out of the
bedroom.  Tanya walked out in front of us in one of those white
tube top things. You know, the tight stretchy ones that only go
down to the midriff and a pair of pink panties.  That was it!!! 
Her breasts were well developed and her nipples were visibly
sticking out through her tube top. It was all I could do not to
stare at her flat tummy or, when she turned to go into the
kitchen, that tight young ass that her panties rode up on ever
so slightly.

When she had gone into the kitchen Tom looked at me and said,
"See what I mean"?

I was amazed and shocked.  I told Tom I didn't know how he could
deal with it and his reply was that he just managed.

Tanya came back out of the kitchen with a beer in her hand and
sat on the couch next to me to watch the game.  Tom didn't seem
to mind her drinking so I didn't say a word and tried to just
enjoy the game.

Then it all started.  A little innocent at first, but it
escalated fast.  Tanya told Tom to go get her another beer and
Tom teasingly said, "fuck you".

"I bet you'd like to," Tanya replied with a laugh.

"Ya," Tom teased back. "Come over hear and I'll show you."

Tanya shocked me as she got up off the couch, walked over to
Tom's chair and stood in front of him.  Her head titled to one
side with her hair all over one shoulder she taunted him, "Well?"

Tom turned red, "stop it, your embarrassing me."  Then he said
the magic words that set it all in motion.  "Go over their and
fuck my friend."

"Ok, " she said.  "If that's what you want." 

Tanya walked right up to me and asked flat out. "Do you want to
fuck me too?"

I was floored to say the least.  I mean what do you say when a
perfect young girl asks if you want to fuck her?

I mustered a feeble, "Sure, but maybe he should go first"

Tom just laughed and said. "Not yet, I like to watch."

"Oh, ok" I just nervously teased.  "You can watch if you want."

Then Tanya dealt the deadly blow, "you can't fuck me if you
don't touch me."

Tom sat up straight in his chair and for some reason his face
turned serious and he said, "Go ahead and touch her.  Let's just
see how far this game goes."

I didn't know what to do but I found myself sitting forward on
the edge of the couch and putting my hands on her young thighs. 
I expected her to jerk away but she just stood there as if
waiting for me to go on.

"That's a start," she smiled as she looked over toward Tom.  "Do
you want to see him pull my panties off, Tom?"

I was still shocked but kept my hands on her thighs.  They were
so perfect.

"Ya,"  Tom said as he turned off the TV.  Now I knew the game
had just gotten serious. "Go ahead," he said to me. "Take her
panties off."

I looked up into Tanya's beautiful eyes to see her reaction as I
hooked my thumbs into the waistband of her underpants.  Nothing.
 So, I began to pull down and she wiggled her hips to loose them
and suddenly the panties were over the curve of her ass and
coming down her legs.  I could see her brown patch of pubic hair
as the panties came further down and my mouth watered like
Pavlov's dogs.

Tom leaned forward in his chair so that he could get a good look
at Tanya's ass from behind.  I think he was trying to see her
clit from between her legs.

"You do realize that what your doing is illegal," Tanya said
with a big smirk on her face.

I didn't know what she was implying. I wondered if this was
going to be some sick game where she reported me for child
molestation.  So, I simply answered, "so what are you going to
do about it?"

"Nothing," she responded.  "I just wanted to know if you cared
that it was illegal."

"I guess not," I said. "If you don't report me".

"I'd never do that," she said.

I let go of the panties and they fell to the floor.  The front
curtains were wide open and we were in a residential area. I
told Tom maybe he should close the curtains just in case.

Tanya disagreed. "No," she said, "leave them open.  I like risks"

"Fine" Tom said as he continued to stare at her ass.  "Come on
you two, do something."

I still could not believe this was happening but I found myself
standing up and placing my hands on her bare ass as I kissed her
on the lips.  Her mouth opened slightly and her tongue darted
out to meet mine.  I knew this was no game.  Eagerly I squeezed
her ass and spread her cheeks as my tongue explored her young
mouth.

Holding her ass open with one hand I drug my finger though the
crack of her ass and up her back. I grabbed her tube top and
yanked it down with both my hands.

Tom just sat their urging me on, "That's it," he said, "let's
fuck her!"

Tanya's tits were large and swollen and my mouth plunged at them
as I sucked her hardened nipple.  Her hands stabbed at my waist
and began to unbutton my pants frantically as she leaned her
head back.  "I want both you studs to fuck me!" she said.

Tom's mouth was literally watering I think, "Oh we will," he
said, "But I want to watch some first."

Tanya had my pants around my ankles in no time and she tugged my
underwear down next so that my large hard cock was exposed and
the whole neighborhood could possibly see my bare ass and this
fourteen year old naked girl in front of me.  

Forcefully I turned her around so her back was to me and I
pushed her shoulders down so that she had to grab the edge of
the couch.  With my other hand I pushed her legs apart so that I
could get access to that tight looking pussy.  With my hand at
the base of my cock and my fingers spreading her hot wet pussy,
I pushed myself into her forcibly.

"Oh my God!!!!" Tanya yelled very loudly.  "Yes, fuck me!!!"

I didn't know what Tom was doing now because I was interested in
one thing.  I grabbed her hair and pulled her head up so that
she arched her back.  I could see my cock sliding in and out of
her tight pussy from between her slightly spread ass cheeks.  It
was a picture of beauty.  More so than I thought because Tom was
suddenly next to us with a video camera and was getting this on
tape.  

From across the room he shot us as I had her bent over the
couch, my cock stuffed inside her tight hole.  Tanya turned and
looked at the camera, her hair still wadded in my hand and made
looks of pain and pleasure as she barked, "Come on! Fuck me!! 
Fuck me!!!"

It was all I could handle.  Her tits swinging freely with each
thrust, my cock sliding in and out of her young cunt. Her
perfect ass slapping against my thighs.  I pulled out of her and
jerked a huge load of cum on her ass.

"Oh, god!!!" Tanya groaned as she reached back with one hand and
smeared my cum all over her cheeks.  "Yes.  Yes."

Tanya stood up as I sat in the chair Tom had been sitting in.
Even though I had just blown my wad, I was still quite aroused.
Slowly Tanya pulled the tube top that had been bunched around
her upper stomach up over her head. The top pressed her tits
against her body as it slid over them, causing them to bounce
heavily as the top slid off and came free of her mountainous
chest.

Rubbing my cum into her ass she walked slowly over to Tom. Tom
sat the camera down and got to his knees before the young girl. 
Slowly he kissed her stomach as she continued to rub her ass. 
Working his way down her stomach he began to kiss her pubic hair
and lick the insides of her thighs.  I watched as Tom lay on his
back on the ground and motioned for Tanya to kneel down to his
face.

Putting her knees on either side of Toms chest and facing his
feet Tanya slowly sat down and rested her ass just above Toms
face.  Tom grabbed her legs and lifted his face up into her
crotch.  I could see his nose pressed into the crack of her cute
ass as he worked his tongue into her slit.

"Ooo," she moaned.  "Eat my pussy!"

Tanya began to wiggle her ass all over Tom's face as she
squeezed her large tits together and moaned.  "I love it when
you do that" she said.

Tom licked eagerly.  "I love the taste of your pussy," he said
between laps.

Tanya began to undo Tom's pants.  Quickly she stabbed her hand
into his undershorts and pulled out his hard member.  "And I
love the size of your cock!" she cooed as she leaned over and
placed her mouth over his pulsing rod.

I could not believe this day.  Here was a gorgeous fourteen year
old girl with a thirty something year old man's cock in her
mouth and her pussy right in his face.

"I can't believe I had to wait so long to get a good hard
fucking," Tanya said between slurping Tom's rod.  "I've been
trying to fuck you for months."

Tom spread Tanya's ass further apart and flicked his tongue
across her tight hole.  "And I can't believe I've waited this
long to eat your pussy."

Soon Tom was jerking his hips and I could tell he was cumming in
Tanya's mouth.  She eagerly pumped his rod with her hand as she
sucked the last drops of jism from him.

Tanya looked up at me with a wild look in her eyes and said,
"Come on, let's fuck in the back yard."

Uncontrollably I found myself following her young body out into
the yard.  Realizing that the neighbors could easily see us I
was reluctant at first.  But, Tanya walked unashamed over to the
swing set in the yard, grabbed hold of the teepee shaped metal
bars and bent over slightly.  Her heavy tits swinging and
jiggling freely she panted, "Come over here and fuck my ass."

My pants back on at this time, I walked over to her and stood
behind her as I undid my jeans again and pulled them down just
over my ass so that my hard cock was free.  Grabbing my cock at
the base, I aimed it toward Tanya's tight ass hole and spread
her cheeks with one hand.

"Yes," Tanya panted.  "Shove that cock in my ass."

When the head of my swollen rod touched her tiny hole she pushed
down on me.  Carefully I worked her ass open with my hard cock
and watched as my thick rod slowly sank deeper and deeper into
this young girls ass.

"Ooohhh!!!" She half screamed.  "GOD THAT HURTS!"

I looked nervously around, expecting to get caught, as I rammed
my cock up this young girls asshole right in her own back yard. 
Tanya's big tits bounced around and jiggled as she shook the
swing set with each pounding thrust.

Before I knew it I was cumming again, shooting hot jism up the
young sluts back as she arched forward and squeezed her tits in
pleasure.  It was the start of a VERY great relationship...









--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....