/* Thanks to Patches for helping a guy who has nil experience with sex
   to write a story about it nonetheless. It seems that my fantasies are
   not *completely* unrealistic. As always, I stay forever curious how
   "realistic" I get with my writings. Any comments welcome, as long as
   they are not in binary format  :-)

   This story connects to The Dream Team, part 6   */



                             Restaurant Rites

                           By Tinker, July 1995



I took Diana out that evening. There was no particular reason for this, but
we both felt like it and there was something in the air that just called
for it. I insisted that she wore the same clothes to the restaurant that
she had worn while I drove her to her apartment just after the training:
her complete cheerleader uniform, but with her long, black skirt over it,
so that only her boots were visible and not her sleek, long legs
disappearing under her impossibly short cheerleader skirt. Her red top was
nice enough to wear as part of an evening dress, and her hair never needed
any extra attention. She wanted to change her red uniform panties that
already had been used quite heavily that day for a new and dry pair, but I
convinced her that they had already dried sufficiently well to prevent
staining her black skirt, and I added that it simply aroused me more to
know that she still wore the same panties that she had intentionally wet
this afternoon.

We found a nice, dimly lit table in a corner, partially screened by jungle,
and soon began to absorb its ambience and the bottle of red wine I had
ordered. Diana seemed even more susceptible to the alcohol than I usually
was. She giggled behind her hand, telling me stories that made her laugh.
At one well-worn moment she swung her crossed leg and caught my calf quite
hard, which hurt me quite a bit, to tell you the truth. I frowned and
started to rub. Her soft-seeming boots had solid soles and toes, I'd found
out. Diana quickly regained her normal attitude and was really sorry. "Aw.
Did it hurt that much? I'm so sorry for that! Will it be better if I gently
rub it? I cannot kiss the spot here." Now it was my turn to grin. "You may
rub it if you like. Please don't duck under the table to kiss my leg.
You've attracted enough attention already with that laughter."

She smiled and I felt the indeed soft side of her boot against my calf. It
did not help much for the pain, but I surely liked it. Diana took another
sip of her wine and took a slightly different position on her seat. I
quickly discovered why: her boot slowly slid higher up my left leg and soon
her toes tickled my inner thigh. Aha, that game. Hidden by the long table
cloth, there was little or no chance of anybody seeing anything, so I let
her continue. She looked me right into my eyes while pushing my thighs a
bit apart with both her feet. Then one foot slipped between my thighs and
started to gently rub the front of my pants, pushing up the white table
cloth a bit. I moved closer to the table and closed my eyes. Diana
continued and I felt my body responding. But I did not want to let it go
too far. Not yet, and not here.

Eventually I stopped her and pushed back her foot. She looked a bit
disappointed, so I asked her: "Ever seen the film *Der Blechtrommel*?" Her
eyes lit up. "Yes. With the little guy sitting under the table and watching
the things the adults do?" I nodded. "There's no little guy here, I
presume, but we can play adult." Diana winked and I reached down to untie
my shoe lace. With my shoe removed, I let my right foot crawl towards
Diana's boot and tickled her toes. She winked again. I felt that she had
put her feet tightly together and saw her straightening her back and
graciously twining her fingers. This would be fun, exploring a lady's
hidden virtues in a restaurant. I sipped from my wine and went up her
calves. Halfway her knees I felt something touch my foot from above, and I
knew I went under her skirt from then on. There were her knees. I tickled
around a bit and then started to push. Diana held them firmly together and
stuck her tongue out for a moment. I took another sip of wine and started
back down. Immediately Diana's knees split up an inch, and quickly I went
in between them. The more I pushed inward, the more her thighs moved apart,
and I imagined my foot sliding along her gorgeous legs, hidden under her
soft skirt, reaching for her secret red triangle that was somewhere out
there.

Eventually I felt the funnel narrowing down, despite Diana holding her
knees so far apart that she stretched her skirt to its limits. She held her
breath when I touched her panties. I pushed my toe firmly against her soft
flesh and wondered if her panties would still be wet enough to feel them
soaking my sock. Nope. Whatever I tried, I could not detect any damp
feeling. So I started gently rubbing her crotch, just like she had done to
me. Only she did not stop me. She only closed her eyes and desperately
tried to look casual and normal. It went reasonably well. It was not that
crowded and with the rich vegetation around us, nothing conspicuous could
be seen. I saw her knuckles slowly turning white as she clutched her hands
more firmly, and this told me that I was making definite progress.

"Shall I give you a wet toe?" Diana asked, while looking down to her lap
where strange things took place. "No Diana, keep that for later, please.
Just relax now. Relax and enjoy. We will take care of your panties after
the dinner."

I started to rub harder and over a greater area. Diana began to breath
differently and I saw a slight flush appearing. While still holding my
glass of wine, I had ample time and opportunity to watch my dear Diana
gearing up. I had done similar things to her before, sure, but then it was
always a mutual experience, and in private or with only team members
closely by. Now I was less aroused physically, and could follow Diana
through every stage, while she let me work my way up her skirt in a public
restaurant. Quite a turn-on, really.

Even in the dim yellow light, I could see her eyes glisten and her pupils
widened even more. She gasped lightly and I felt her pushing back against
my toes. I smiled and met her eyes, which did not see much any more, but
enough to confirm my intentions: go on... please go on! A boot appeared
against the seat of my chair, and after a last sip of my wine, I placed my
hand around her foot to keep it there. Her other boot followed, and now we
could really push. I explored Diana's soft parts with my toe while she
began to move her hips rhythmically back and forth, and I could see her
breasts grow in her sweater. I had never before experienced Diana so close
to an orgasm while being reasonably clear myself, and so this physical
evidence of her state of mind greatly aroused me. I could even see her skin
glistening now, with an almost invisible film of perspiration developing on
her face. Her lips opened a bit and another gasp escaped Diana. Now it was
her time.

I grasped her boots firmly and unmercifully used the fact that my legs were
a bit longer than hers. Rubbing her panties like mad, I did not give her
time to think of any escape at all. It came to her inevitably, she could do
nothing about it, with her spread legs fixed against my chair and my eyes
securely fixed on hers. I felt her legs tighten up, locking themselves in
their most-stretched position, and then she gave up. She threw her head
backwards and moaned with her jaws clutched. I faked a cough to cover up,
and hoped that the waitress would not come by the next minute. She didn't.
With her bare legs stretching her skirt, Diana wrapped her arms around
herself and then curled up like a baby.

Diana went through two waves of spasms and then became calm again. The
whole thing took about twenty seconds, but it took her much longer to cool
down and make the flush disappear. When I called for the waitress to bring
us the dessert card, she still was not completely back on earth, and so I
picked out a nice ice cream plate for her myself. "With not too much
Amaretto," I whispered to the waitress in a confidential voice. She looked
at Diana, saw her state, and smiled back. She must have thought that Diana
was rather tipsy because of the wine. When she disappeared again, Diana
could not keep in a giggle, and then grasped my hands. No need for talking.
We understood each other perfectly this way.

When we left the place, Diana shortly looked at the door leading to the
toilets, and then hooked her arm in mine. "I really want to wet my panties
on the way home, darling," she whispered. "Please go through the park. I
want some privacy when I part my legs for you." I kissed her and we turned
left, taking the road that led to one of the small pieces of semi-forest
and lawn left in town. Soon we were as alone as you will ever be in a city,
and we cuddled in the beams of a few lonely light poles.

Finally, Diana broke our passionate kiss and stepped back to let me view
her full body: "Here comes the waterfall. Say goodbye to my panties!" With
a friendly smile, she put her boots a good deal apart and closed her eyes.
I hesitated a moment, and then softly told her that it might be a good idea
to take off her long, black skirt. Diana opened her eyes again and blinked.
"You mean... back to my cheerleader skirt? Yes... and then *you* could wear
*my* skirt, and join me! Besides, getting myself wet panties in uniform is
still the best. It feels the same, but it's much more naughty, and you can
see it far better!" Quickly she unzipped her skirt and dropped it to the
ground, revealing her long, sleek legs and her tiny red skirt that was just
barely long enough to be called "skirt." I stooped down and picked up the
skirt from the ground. "I bet you planned this while asking me to keep on
my uniform," Diana mumbled while she prepared herself to go extensively
into her uniform panties. Not that there was much to prepare; her clothes
were literally made for it.

I held her long skirt in front of me and wondered if I indeed would swap my
pants for the skirt for a few minutes. Chances of being caught would be
small enough to risk, and it opened up a marvellous opportunity to wet
myself together with Diana. Afterwards I would need to take off my
underwear before putting on my pants again, but that was easy enough. Diana
now was ready, and as she turned to me to take her favourite wetting pose
again, she understood my thoughts.

"Hmmm... you need to be quick, because I cannot hold it much longer. Even
if I try to hold it, my panties will start changing colour in two minutes,
if they haven't already." A short look up her skirt told us that her red
underwear still was dry, however. To tease me, she crossed her legs and put
her hands in her crotch for a moment. I needed no more encouragement. Soon
my pants were on the ground while I enjoyed Diana's skirt around my legs.
The freedom of the garment kept surprising me. I just needed to spread my
legs a bit and that would be all. How unfair to keep males from wearing
skirts!

Diana looked around a bit and took her pose. It was remarkable that she
never got tired of the standard way every wet girl once began: she parted
her feet, put her hands on her hips, and looked down to her little skirt
while waiting for her body to take over her muscles. We had tried lots of
other poses, but apparently this particular one combined most of Diana's
little fantasies: standing up in her flashy cheerleader uniform, sure of
attracting attention; safely hiding her panties from view, while still
suggesting a lot; and standing in that typical cheerleader pose that would
not be conspicuous in any way on the field, yet quite revealing here in the
park. Every girl passing by would immediately think that Diana was weeing
into her panties, no matter the uniform. And after the fun she would have a
great time wearing those wet panties under that challenging skirt, going
everywhere and doing everything.

Still, I had something else in mind. I hooked my arm in hers and pulled her
back onto the sidewalk, continuing our walk home. She struggled a bit at
first, but since the park was completely deserted, she finally gave in.
Together we walked for a minute or so, both in a skirt and both very much
wanting to pee in our underwear. I hoped she would give up first.

She did. She suddenly stopped walking and threw her hair over her shoulder,
announcing: "Here we go" while clawing at her skirt, her feet still
together. I looked at her and tried to hike up her skirt from behind, but
Diana pulled it down firmly and kept her secret for herself. She shuddered
when the first spurt hit her underwear and got eagerly soaked up by the red
fabric. "Ohhh, it is so *warm*, it feels like it is running everywhere! And
I cannot stop it! I really can't! I'm weeing in my panties right now, and
my little skirt soon won't be enough to cover me... oh God, I'm in a park
in my uniform and I'm wetting all over myself!" I felt her trembling from
excitement while she gave herself over to this summit of delight, pushing
out her water into her tight, absorbing, red uniform panties. Parting her
feet a bit, she felt the comforting warmth between her legs and wondered
why it always seemed to take much less time to do it all in her panties
than to go to the toilet. On a toilet she could wee for ages, while she
always delightfully flooded her panties in no time.

While a trickle started to drop down from under her skirt, Diana bit her
lip and then suddenly pulled her legs back together. What now? Apparently
she had thought of something new to try. Indeed, she turned around and
squatted down, still wetting. With her arms around her knees and her thighs
tightly together she gave a great imitation of the Desperate Girl Next
Door, weeing in her underwear but remaining in control and not losing her
dignity. But after a short moment of private wet fun, Diana couldn't keep
it to herself any more and opened her thighs, revealing a great pair of
red, soppy panties that showed a nice dark stain from halfway her crotch
down. At the lowest point a small trickle steadily dripped down and once in
a while I could see some glistening through the front of her panties in the
rays beaming from the street lights. Diana smiled and with her eyes half
closed she spread a serene and peaceful kind of joy.

I couldn't keep my hands from reaching out and soon I was stroking her
slippery panties again, what apparently caused a wonderful feeling for
Diana. Her trembling stopped, and with still more warm, comforting liquid
to push through her panties, she forgot time and place and just sat there,
squatted, weeing in her underwear like a child and not being a bit ashamed
of it. Her uniform skirt blocked every view of her drowning panties, except
for her front, and of course that was exactly where I was. Seeing my
girlfriend wetting her panties always was a great event, but on this
occasion it became something really special.

Now it was time for my own contribution to our mutual game. I was squatting
already to be able to reach Diana's wet panties, and I figured that it
would be easy to do it that way myself. Diana's long skirt was not in the
way, so with my eyes fixed on her moist red triangle I started to push. I
sensed a hiccup in Diana's steady stream and realised that she must be
almost empty. Good. As soon as she would stop and open her eyes again, I
would give her lots of opportunities to do whatever she liked. With two
firm pushes, Diana washed her last warm waves down her panties and sighed
with pleasure. In one swift motion she let herself fall forward on her
knees, so that her skirt dropped over her wet panties and covered up every
sign of what had happened. Without any hesitation she pulled my skirt up
and went straight for my underwear. Knowing that Diana was looking at my
crotch for the first signs, I now closed my eyes myself and pressed
lightly. The excitement of the moment was unbelievable. Here I was,
squatting in a public park with my girlfriend's skirt on, while my
girlfriend sat in front of me, in her cheerleader uniform, with freshly wet
panties up her little skirt and in a state of high erotical arousal. When I
felt the first spurt approaching, I opened my thighs somewhat more and took
a last breath.

There it was. I felt my warm wee finding its way into my penis from
somewhere inside my belly, and in a few moments I had wet underwear as
well. Diana chuckled while she followed the trail of damp fabric as it
expanded downward, and when my wee started to gather between my legs and
overflow onto the ground, her lovely hands made the feast complete. I threw
it all out in a few heavy gushes, and Diana was delighted with the flood I
caused between my legs. It came everywhere, it even crawled up my ass. When
it was over, much too soon for my likings, she did not stop caressing me
and eventually I went back to her as well. I hiked up her skirt from
behind, reaching left and right alongside her, and played around on her
firm, wet bum. Our eyes found each other and a deep, loving kiss followed.

We kept caressing each other for a few minutes, and then reality took over.
I stepped out of her skirt and handed it back to Diana, who was in doubt
about wearing only her uniform skirt back to her apartment or putting on
the long black skirt again. She decided on the long skirt. I stripped my
soaked panties off my bum and wondered where to leave them. Diana's purse,
with its indispensable little plastic bags, offered the solution. Some
paper napkins were more than enough to dry me, since squatting is the best
way to keep yourself as dry as possible. I pulled up my pants and we were
just the normal couple again. Of course Diana still was soaking wet under
her skirt, but nobody would notice this. Arm in arm we continued our way to
her apartment and stopped a few times to cuddle. Diana couldn't resist
parting her feet a few more times, more to turn us on than to wet herself.

The first thing I did after entering her apartment was to remove Diana's
long skirt again. She still looked the best with almost completely bare
legs. Normally we would proceed towards the bath room, to finish the fun
and clean up. But without any discussion we both stopped one door sooner
and entered Diana's bed room.

For a moment, I was startled. Diana had bought a new bed. A double bed. A
water bed. It looked unbelievably cosy and immediately I knew this would be
the nest we would spend a lot of time in during a good part of the rest of
our lives. I could do nothing but smile at her and take her in my arms. She
kissed me and said: "So now for the main dish. I still remember our first
time as if it was yesterday. It was wonderful, and this time it will be
even better. I just know it will be. What do you think? Should we keep our
clothes on, and go for it on the bed on top of the covers, or undress and
get under the covers and cuddle for the rest of the night?" I sighed and
kissed her back. "What a choice. You know how much I like you in this
fabulous outfit. It's really tempting to throw ourselves onto the bed and
wet some more and then slip under your skirt and find the way in, all with
your skirt neatly down. It's really sexy, you know. It's all there, you can
get at it, but you can't see it. But on the other hand, I can see you in
your uniform or in something else any day, and although it never will bore
me, undressing and really Going To Bed with each other is more romantic...
I think I want to go to bed with you, Diana. Go to bed, visit heaven
together, and then go to sleep to wake up early. Together. With all bells
and whistles."

Diana nodded, simply told that she felt exactly the same, and kissed me
another time. Then she broke my embrace. She walked over to the bed,
lifting up the covers at the right side and pulling them back a bit,
creating a very inviting entry to the Nest indeed. Doing this, she
carefully bent forward just enough to show me her deep red panties, and I
had to keep myself from pushing her over and jumping after her. Diana came
back, skirt down again, and started to undress me. It went rather quickly.
When I was completely naked, showing my state of arousal without much room
for doubt, Diana simply offered herself to me. "Here I am. I know how much
you like my uniform. I'll let you decide what to do with it, and when. I
don't care what happens to it, as long as it gets wetter."

To prove her point, she parted her boots and took her pose again. Now I
knew what I wanted to do. I approached her and slipped my hand up her
skirt, cupping her crotch and feeling the comforting warm dampness of her
soaked panties. Diana moaned and warmed up her panties some more. A few
drops rolled over my hand and fell down onto the carpet. "Diana, I want to
wet you, and I want you to wet me. Please come with me to the bathroom.
Afterwards we'll come back here. Please?" Without a word she started out of
the door and walked to the adjacent room, my hand still up her skirt. I sat
down on the edge of the bath, with my legs inside the tub, still naked.
Diana carefully climbed on top of me and sat down on my lap, with her legs
to the left. I pulled her skirt out of the way and she moulded her wet and
warm panties smoothly around my cock. I now carefully went between her legs
and slipped a finger inside the left leg opening of her panties, making
room. She understood what I was up to and lifted her cheek up a bit. My
cock found its way into her panties and soon Diana could sit down again,
arranging her skirt nicely around her thighs. She giggled. "This will be
the first time that we wet the same pair of panties together. It's also the
first time you'll wet a cheerleader uniform being worn by a cheerleader. So
you'll feel what I feel. Shall we?"

Without waiting, she started again. I felt her whole body working to
produce the wonder. Suddenly I could feel my panties going warm. Her
panties. Our panties. We both moaned while looking down to our skirt, and
giggled when the little stream appeared between our legs. Wetting ourselves
was fabulous. Diana gave everything she had and it felt like she did not
leave a single spot of her panties dry. Everything happened hidden up her
skirt, of course, but we did not need any visual confirmation of what
happened down there. And when she started to fade, I had more than enough
to help us. First slowly, but then more noticeably I started to wee into
her panties. Our panties. Diana gasped and spread her knees in a reflex
when she felt the help coming through. "Gosh... so this is the way you feel
it? It's wonderful! It comes much higher than when I do it on my own, and
it really flows over me... Oh God what a lovely feeling... I can feel how
you do it inside... the pulsing... the jet as it hits me... and then as it
gets spread by my panties... it spreads further this way... much further!
My skirt! It might even reach my skirt!" We looked down again and I pushed
as hard as I could. It hissed down there. And suddenly, Diana's red flaring
skirt showed a dark stain in the small valley between her thighs. Diana
looked at it in disbelief. "I've never thought it would be possible for me
to wet my skirt this way. I certainly cannot do it on my own. It looks sexy
and feels great. Let's do more!" And then she firmly pressed her skirt
between her thighs with both hands, not wanting to miss anything of this
opportunity.

We wet ourselves for a while and eventually decided to get off each other's
lap, no matter how much fun it was. After a quick cleanup and drying of our
legs, we rushed back to Diana's bed room where she posed in front of her
bed, still wearing her whole uniform, and looking absolutely stunning as
usual with a nice dark feature on her skirt. Now the material had taken an
evenly spread slightly darker colour almost on her whole front. Because it
was so thin, it clung to her panties and despite her skirt being very wide,
it revealed her thighs and crotch almost completely. I went to her and
started to take her sweater off. Still with her legs spread out, Diana
lifted her arms and let me pull her sweater over her head. It had been nice
weather, so she only wore a bra under it. I left it in place and asked her
for a foot. She balanced on one while I unzipped a boot and took it off,
followed by the other. Her socks were next. Wearing only her skirt, her
bra, and of course her panties, Diana giggled and pushed me over onto her
bed.

After the initial surprise of waterbed dynamics I quickly found my balance,
and then Diana crept on top of me on all fours, slowly lowering herself on
my left thigh. I could feel the warm dampness of her panties under her
skirt, followed by her whole warm body against mine. A long passionate kiss
from Diana was enough to put all my desires on maximum. I undid her bra
like a pro and rolled her onto her back. Tough decision ahead: skirt or
panties? Her wet panties were quite erotical, but such a nice skirt that
hid such wonders was also very arousing. Diana helped me by pushing herself
up a bit, so that her bum came free of the bed. I reached under her skirt
and pulled her panties to her knees, and then down her calves and finally
off her legs. She curled up like a cat and used her skirt to its fullest
extent, revealing nothing but setting off all alarms in me. When we changed
places again with Diana taking the top position, she placed her knees on
both sides of my thighs and sat back on my calves, effectively immobilizing
me. I gazed at her for quite a time, at her face, her hair, her breasts,
her body, her skirt, her legs. She was perfect. Perfect. While Diana began
to stroke my whole body with those gentle hands of hers, I closed my eyes,
not because I had seen enough of her, but simply because she calmed me down
in such a way that I could not do anything else. What she did to my cock
however woke me up again. She obviously wouldn't let me drift away from
her.

Finally she reached for the zipper of her skirt and took it off. We cuddled
for a long while, exploring each other's body without restraint, and
kissing where we could. We both knew that we would end up taking each other
for the second time in our life, and without any sneaky tricks such as with
the first time, where Diana had practically raped me by surprise. This
time, we would go the whole way. No clothes, no couch, no worries. We both
wanted it and we already knew what to expect, so we did not hurry at all.
Diana laid down onto her back again, with me on top, and another long, slow
session of intense hugging and stroking followed. Exploring Diana's breasts
alone took ten minutes or more. Slowly we cuddled ourselves under the
covers, and eventually Diana flipped them back in place completely and
turned off the lights. This would be it.

She pulled me tightly against her, and then I felt her soft, gentle hand
around my cock. Slowly but steadily, she guided me down. I just breathed
heavily and tried to relax, which was not at all easy. Diana's legs moved
apart and when my legs slid down onto her bed, I felt something warm and
moist around the head of my cock. I gasped and asked myself how she had
managed to do this so easily. A soft moan from Diana assured me it was
indeed her I felt around me, and also that she was at least as excited as I
was. Her hand let go of my cock and moved to the lower part of my back,
where it joined her other hand, each on one side. We waited for a few
moments, enjoying the presence of each other, and the almost completed bond
between us. But soon, I could not withstand my instincts and pushed inward
in one long, firm stroke. We both cried out loud and grasped each other as
tightly as we could, with arms and legs, just laying there, not moving at
all. With my face in her hair and her cheek against mine, we eagerly
swallowed the pleasure that Nature had put aside for us. This was truly
mating. Nothing happened, but our bond now was really there.

I really wouldn't have minded if Diana had called it quits there and then
and if we had fallen asleep together, to wake up and find each other next
morning. But she had different plans. Barely noticeable at first, but then
stronger and stronger, her hips started to rock. When she moved so much
that my cock started to slide in and out of her a bit, she mumbled: "Come
on, please... please help me... oooohhh... please?" I swallowed. Every
muscle in me was more than ready to perform the dance of Nature, but I felt
that I would not be able to hold out more than a few seconds this time. We
had been working towards this for hours, and I was fully primed. Diana was
now rocking so hard that she pulled me in and out by herself, and moaned
with every hop. Maybe she was even more excited than I was?

Anyway, I couldn't leave her like this. I pushed myself up on my elbows,
grabbed her shoulders, and looked at her face, dimly visible in the little
street light that still came in through the curtains. She looked back,
inviting me to kiss her. I did, softly. And then I pushed inward as far as
I could, and out again, and in. Diana's whole body responded immediately,
and in a few seconds we were bumping away like never before. Well, actually
it *was* like never before. The combined weight of our two linked bodies on
the water bed really made for some rodeo, and our mutual gasping and
moaning would have made a seasoned X-video maker blush. We lasted
remarkably long, but the sharply rising pitch of especially Diana's voice
made clear that the end was near. While I started to sweat all over my body
and felt the hair in my neck tickle, something came up from deep inside me.
While it came nearer and nearer, the world around us slowly disappeared
until it was only Diana and me, me and Diana, us, one entity. And then I
crashed into her with all the power left in me, in a wonderful explosion of
delight, crying her name in one single yell for seconds. My body shuddered
and spasmed and tried to go everywhere at the same time, but Diana's firm
grip held me in place, exactly where she wanted me to be. Inside her.

When my orgasm faded away and I became more and more a dead weight instead
of a partner, Diana took over. While still keeping me inside her, carefully
she rolled me onto my back and mounted me. Although my cock started to go
limp, she managed to keep it erect enough to be of use, and continued her
ride. Not very passionate at first, but when she felt the slightest
response from me, she sat up, pushed the covers backward, and threw her
long black hair over her shoulders. I gazed up to a divine creature and
could only smile. She smiled back and gave herself the spurs. God, I did
not know that this little fragile girl had so much raw power. She took off
like a rocket and had me hard again in less time than I ever thought
possible. I did nothing and just looked at her, following her facial
expression, her eyes, her breathing, all the way up to her climax. When I
felt the first contractions around my cock, I cupped her breasts and
prepared for the impact. It still came unexpectedly, loud, hard, and
staggeringly passionate. Diana literally crashed onto me, clutching my body
with both hands and legs and everything else she had, crying my name and
digging her finger nails into my shoulders. It took a long, long time
before her spasms died out, and even then she would not let me go.

No problem, as far as I was concerned. I had got excited myself again,
after experiencing so much passion of Diana, and now was presented with a
willing partner for more. I rolled Diana on her back again and just took
her. This time, she did not clutch her legs around me, but simply left them
spread out with her knees slightly pulled up, clearly just enjoying my
ride. I hate to say it, but I have never felt more on top of things as when
making love to Diana that time. Must have been the triumph of conquest or
such. Anyway, my actions caused Diana to moan again, and I silently hoped
that I could get her over the top for the second time. My own climax
approached rapidly, and to be honest, I don't know exactly what happened
during the next few minutes. But I know that Diana *did* go off again, and
in such a way that I feared that somebody would knock on the door and ask
if she was alright.

We woke up when it was still dark outside, and the glowing display of
Diana's clock radio told us it was three o'clock. We found ourselves
tightly embraced, and left it that way. I've never felt more comfortable,
cosy, and warm than when in bed with Diana. After a few minutes, she
started to move a bit, and ended up on her belly, on top of me. Neither of
us was awake enough to even *think* about another round of sex, so I kept
calm, and my tool stayed asleep as well. Diana sighed and I felt her relax
again. Good. Getting some more sleep was something that we both could use,
after such an evening. I patted her on her back and stroke her hair. She
hummed and spread her legs some more, and the next thing I felt was a warm
tickle in my crotch, followed by a small stream. It was not powerful, but
took very long, and during its whole course we did not move even a finger.
Well, almost not, since my cock started to wake up rapidly, and when Diana
was finished, she did not wait at all to make use of it. She took me right
there, with her still warm pee sloshing away under us. It was incredible.
Talk about an active sex life. From nothing to this in two weeks.

Drifting off to sleep again must have taken less than two minutes, because
the next thing I know was the sunshine through the curtains and Diana still
asleep next to me. My cock appeared to be erect already, something quite
normal just after waking up. But I could not disturb my princess, I felt. I
looked at her for what seemed a long time. Her long hair was partially in
her face, moving a bit every time she breathed. Finally I reached for it
and brushed the hair off her face, leaving my hand on the back of her head.
Diana made some noises in her sleep and I saw that she pulled her pillow a
bit tighter, as if she was hugging it. I could only hope that she was
dreaming she was holding me instead. I crept closer to her and just enjoyed
her presence. It was very, very comforting.

Fortunately she did not take much longer to wake up herself, and after the
initial blinking and smiling at me, she immediately mounted me again. Boy,
and I thought that *I* could be horny at times. This time, she did not even
touch my cock, but simply positioned herself firmly on my right thigh and
slowly rode away, more pressing than rubbing. Apparently it is the same
with girls as with boys; our early-morning orgasms come quickly, but are
not powerful. She arched her back and moaned as if very satisfied, and then
slowly lowered herself back into bed, still clutching me, clearly wanting
to snooze for a while. But not only snooze: "Now it's your turn," she
whispered, and closed her eyes while spreading her legs in the most
inviting pose I'd ever seen.

After a tender kiss, I rolled over and found her opening. Until then, I had
always made love to my pillow in the morning, imagining that it was Diana,
and clutching to it while giving myself over to the best relaxing therapy
ever invented. But this time, Diana was actually with me, breathing,
looking, feeling, living, clutching me and being everything I had dreamed
of for years. I took a lot of time, holding myself on the edge for at least
fifteen minutes, getting the most out of Diana's presence as possible. And
given her reactions, Diana did not mind at all that it took so long. At
last I started to sweat all over my body, and knew it would be over soon.
My orgasm was not a violent explosion but a dive off a cliff, a long fall
into oblivion, a definite proof of the bond between us.

We stayed in bed for another hour, not making love again, but only cuddling
and playing with each other. It turned out that we both had been making
love to each other each morning for a long time, in our fantasies. Diana on
her back with two hands to help her, I on my belly on top of my pillow,
holding her tightly. We must have done it together this way for months. And
finally we had done it for real. It was the best morning ever.

When we finally got up, we cleaned up the bed with towels and some soap,
and left it open to dry. The covers went into the wash box, and we went
into the shower. Diana convinced me that peeing in the shower was fun, so I
let loose while she was soaping us both, and she actually made use of the
stream by directing it all over the place. My cock wouldn't come up again
after such a night, so it was quite easy to handle. With a lot of laughter
we completed the shower and got dressed. It was a Saturday morning, so we
had all the time in the world, and plenty of occasions to play. Diana did
not even consider anything else but her red uniform again, this time with
blue panties however. She also did something to her skirt so that it became
just a tiny bit shorter, revealing the blue line once in a while. For me
she had a nice short skirt, not as nice as hers, but nice enough, and
giggling she helped me to put it on.

Then she walked to the doors of the balcony, threw them open, and stepped
into the bright sunlight. It was still quite early, so the rest of town was
quiet and peaceful. With our hands on the railing of the balcony, we stared
into the distance, and then without even exchanging one word we both parted
our legs. I had still enough left for a nicely wet pair of panties, and
Diana obviously could do even more. "Nothing better to start a day than a
pair of fresh, clean, dry panties up your skirt, don't you think?" Diana
whispered. She looked down to her mini and sighed: "Such nice dry
panties... how incredibly boring." We winked and then added our beautiful
smiles to the best morning of the year, while our underwear changed colour
and only the soft dripping of our wee onto the balcony disturbed the
silence. I reached aside and hugged Diana firmly, and we stayed there quite
a time, hiding our wet secrets under our skirts, talking about our future.

Our future together.



                             - o - o - o - o -
