RITUAL

     It was the beginning of the Spring semester at the Iowa State
University.  I shared a dorm room with a friend I met the previous
semester, David.  We were both freshmen at the time, and had both
just turned 18.
     Every night that we went to bed, my roomate, and I went
through a ritual.  We'd both use the washroom directly across the
hall from our dorm room, and whomever made it back first would
strip down to his underpants and crawl into bed.  The person
lagging behind would then walk in, turn out the lights, strip down
to his underpants, and crawl into his own bed.  This ensured that
we didn't see each other almost naked.  We never said that this was
why it happened this way; it just sort of evolved.
     After the lights were out, I would wait about five minutes. 
Not long enough for David to fall asleep, I'm sure, but long enough
for me.  I would then, quietly, masturbate under the covers.  In my
mind I had to do this, or I could never get to sleep.
     At first I would always try to get in first, so that I could
masterbate before he made it back in.  This way I could not get
caught.  But masterbation was getting a little old for me, and I
decided to try to liven it up a bit.  I started purposely coming in
late.  When I turned out the light, rather than strip to my
underpants, I started going completely naked.  I knew he didn't
notice the difference, but the thrill for me was there.
     I also started watching his direction when I masterbated.  I
was trying to see if he noticed what I was doing.  I half-hoped he
would, just because I am a sort of voyeur.  But after about a week
of doing this, David strangely started entering my fantasies.  I
less hoped that he would notice for the sake of noticing, and more
hoped that he would notice and come join me.  These feelings
frightened me, but turned me on emensly.
     Then one night, a few weeks later, I was in the room first. 
It was the first night since I started going naked that I was
first, but I went naked anyway.  When David came in the room, he
began to strip down with the lights on.  He was turned away, so
didn't notice that I was watching him.  As brought his shirt up
over his head, I noticed for the first time the muscles in his
chest and arms.  They didn't buldge out, but they were there.  His
skin looked smooth and hairless.  I suddenly felt a burning
sensation in my crotch.  David continued to strip, unbuckling his
pants and letting them fall to the floor.  The outline of his butt
through his underwear turned me on more than I ever thought
possible.  I was frightened of these new feelings, but thrilled
more than I ever had been in my life.
     After David stepped out of his jeans, he brought his hands to
the band of his underwear.  He then slowly lowered them to the
ground.  My heart nearly skipped a beat.  He was standing
completely naked, not five feet from me.  Was he doing this on
purpose, to see how I would respond?  Quickly after stripping, he
reached forward to the light switch and flipped them off.  The
darkness left only the outline of his perfectly naked body burned
into my eyes.
     I made sure that I was in the room first for the next three
nights, and each time he performed the same routine of turning away
from me and stripping naked, turning out the light before climbing
into bed.
     The fourth night of this, after the lights were out, I started
masterbating.  My orgasms on the three previous days were better
than any I had before, and tonight seemed like it would be no
different.  The hottest day of the year just ended, so I was
getting pretty warm under the covers.  The sweat was starting to
bother me, so I slowly lowered the covers to my knees and checked
to see that my roomate didn't notice.  I then continued
masterbating, checking now and then to see that I wouldn't get
caught, but hoping more and more that I would.
     The thoughts of David's naked body filled my mind as I hand-
fucked myself faster and faster.  The more I thought about him, the
better I felt, and I started dreaming about what his ass would feel
like against my penis.  I mentally rubbed his skin as I stroked my
cock, feeling the cum swelling deep inside of me.
     Suddenly I heard my name.  A shreak of fear ran down my spine
and I instantly stopped.  In the complete silence, I realized that
I had been making more noise than I thought.  I also realized that
my name had been said more than once, and David was saying it.
     "John," came his voice again.
     "Yes?" I asked.  I could barely hear my own voice, yet it was
as loud as I could get myself to speak.
     "Can I ask you a question?"
     My fear started abating.  I didn't think he heard me and I was
relieved.  "Sure," I said, a bit more confidently.
     I heard him move around in his bed, but he didn't seem to want
to say anything.  I strained to look in his direction and tried to
pull the covers back up over me at the same time.
     "What's up?" I asked again.
     "Well," he said nervously, "uh, is it, uh, safe?"
     "What?" I asked.  I really had no clue what he was talking
about.
     "What you were doing just now," he said.  My heart again
skipped a beat.  "Is it safe?"
     I decided it was best to play dumb.  "What do you mean?" I
asked.
     "I have never done that in my entire life."
     I was stunned.  I didn't want to give away what I was doing,
but I was really interested now.  I couldn't believe he never
masterbated.  Besides, I could tell he knew what I was doing, so
why avoid it.
     "You mean you've never jacked off?"
     "Never," he said.  "I don't even know how.  Why do you do it
so much?"
     God, I thought.  He knew I did it alot!  "Well, cause I like
it.  It relieves the tension I have inside and it makes me feel
good.  Then I can sleep."
     He didn't say anything for a while, and I was really starting
to get nervous.  I strained my eyes again to see if he was still
awake.
     As my eyes adjusted to the light, I could tell he was moving
a bit.  I moved my head a little more in his direction and gazed at
him.  I could barely make out any features of his body, but then I
realized that his covers were gone.  He was very slowly rubbing his
penis against his stomach.
     I watched in amazement as his dick grew larger.  It looked
very soft, and was about the same size as mine, which fit in one
hand nicely with a bit more to spare, and we were both circumsized. 
He was watching himself masterbate for the first time, and didn't
notice that I was looking.  Without saying a word, I slid the
covers back down to my knees and started stroking my own cock,
slowly and quietly.  I couldn't belive how hard I was getting my
just watching him.
     David just kept rubbing his cock up against his stomach, not
really stroking it, and I could tell he didn't really know what to
do.  But he did seem to be enjoying it.  My eyes flowed over his
penis and his bare ass as I stroked my own cock.  After about ten
minutes of this, I started moving my eyes up his body, to his
beautiful, bare chest, and then to his face.
     And I then realized that he was watching me.  I again stopped
and began to reach for the blanket.
     "Don't stop," he said, and I was lost at what to do.  "It's
okay.  I won't tell anyone."
     "I don't think I can do it with you watching," I said.  The
situation was starting to make me nervous, but as my eyes stayed
open longer, I could make out his features even more, and I loved
what I saw.
     "I'm sorry," he said, and then turned onto his stomach and
pulled the covers over himself.  I could tell he was embarrased and
was hoping to pretend like nothing happened.  I sat for a moment,
gazing in his direction, feeling guilty for making him feel bad.
     I slowly got out of bed and walked over to the side of his
bed.  I was determined to make him feel better about himself and
about the situation, and I wanted to talk to him.
     "David?" I whispered while kneeling next to the bed.  He
rolled over to face me and looked into my eyes.  Our faces were
very close to each others, and I emotionally fell on top of him. 
I didn't know what I was doing, but I knew what I felt.  I followed
all my instincts and brought my body closer to his.  Slowly I
wrapped my arms around him and brought my head down on his chest. 
I gave him a soft hug, and he didn't make a sound.  Gently I
started to rub his back, moving lower each time, until finally my
hand carresed his ass through the blankets.  His body moved upward,
allowing my hand to run underneath.  I started to draw the blanket
down, exposing his smooth chest to my cheek.  I explored every inch
of his exposed torso with my face, moving upwards, downwards, and
finally down his side.  I moved more of the blanket away from his
body and exposed his legs.  My lips ran down the side of his legs.
     I moved my body up onto his bed and used both hands to move
his legs apart.  I then ran my tongue up the inside of his legs
while rubbing the outside of his legs with my hands.  Finally I
reached his balls.  His cock was rock hard, and the odor it gave
off made my own dick leap with excitement.  I took one ball into my
mouth and gently sucked on it.  I licked the base of his cock and
brought my hands in to help.  With my mouth I licked his balls and
the underside of his dick, and with one hand I stroked it, trying
with all my soul to make it cum.  With my other hand I started
jacking myself off.  I was so hot with excitement that I could feel
a major orgasm coming on.
     I stopped stroking his cock with my hand and began to rub his
chest.  I brouth my lips up to the head of his cock and licked all
the pre-cum that was oozing out of the tip.  I let the tip of his
dick pass between my lips, and slowly lowered the rest of my mouth
onto it.  As I did so, I could feel his heart racing and his
breating was getting deeper and faster.  I sucked on him madly,
letting his whole cock enter my mouth.  In and out it went, the
delicious taste of his dick making me wild.  Finally, he shot a
huge load of cum into my mouth.  The mildy salty taste was great,
and I continued to suck on it, making sure every drop came out.
     My own cock started jerking with pleasure.  I kept his
deliceous cock in my mouth as I finished jerking off, spraying cum
all over his bed sheets.  After the longest orgasm of my life, I
removed my mouth from his penis and lie down on top of him.  His
dick pressed against my stomach, mine against his left leg, and my
head against his chest.  He brought his arms up to rest on my back
and held me against his body.  A long, tense moment passed in the
dark, until he finally spoke.
     "Thank you," he whisperd in my ear.
     I smiled.  "Any time," I said, and slowly drifted off to
sleep.
