
                                 M+/F, WIFE, NC

        *** Warning *** Warning *** Warning *** Warning *** Warning ***

This story contains adult language and explicit sexual situations and is NOT
intended for minors.  If you are a minor or offended by material of a sexual
nature, do not continue reading this.

If you are an adult, and you do like sexually explicit stories... Enjoy!

                                Roadside Service
                                (Short version)
                                       by
                                      Rick

      I thought I knew my beautiful, demure wife, but when our three-year-old
Cadillac broke down on our vacation, miles from nowhere, and all hell broke
loose, I discovered that I really didn't know her that well at all.

      Even after six months of marriage, I still couldn't believe that a girl
as good looking and sweet as Paulita could really love a studious, plain
looking computer nerd like me, but she did. She was attractive by any
standards. Even with her glasses on, her hair in a bandanna, and no makeup, I
thought she was totally gorgeous. She was almost as tall as my six-one, with
rich, dark brown hair, big, green eyes, and a slender but fantastic figure.

      Our love life was pretty good. She was almost too modest sometimes
though, and she had trouble really letting go during sex, but she was very
affectionate. I took it real easy with her, and after a couple of months, she
relaxed and it got much better. I was no super stud and not real experienced
myself, but it seemed we were learning together. I'd even been thinking about
oral and anal sex with her if she was willing. What the heck, we were in love
and anything was okay between us if we both wanted it, right?

      We got married in March, but it was into August before I could get away
and we could take a real honeymoon. The Caddie had been acting balky for a
couple of days before we left, but I didn't want to delay things so I mentally
crossed my fingers as we left Phoenix early that morning. Everything hummed
along great until we got several miles out on Interstate-Eight. The car started
heating up and I knew we'd never make it up the San Diego mountains so I pulled
into a roadside service station, the only one for miles - in fact the only
building in sight.

      The long-haired kid in the greasy, blue overalls looked at the engine and
said, "Yer water pump's shot." and I had the feeling we were about to get
ripped off. I didn't know just how badly until later.

      He called in for the part, and thirty minutes later, a battered pickup
truck pulled up in front of the garage in a whirl of desert dust and two young
men got out.

      They were rawboned, country boys, dressed alike in snug, faded jeans,
western shirts and wide belts with large, ornate buckles. The husky one with
the cowlick of thick, black hair across his forehead, wasn't too subtle about
the way he looked at my wife.

      Paulita had on a light, flower print summer dress with just string
straps, leaving her shoulders bare, no hose, no slip, sandals and a perky
little bow holding her pony tail. She looked about sixteen, instead of her
twenty-five, and when she walked in front of the sunlight, you could see the
outline of her great legs through the thin material.

      The husky young man stretched out lazily on the weathered bench by the
door and kept watching her while he sipped from a can of beer. I wanted to say
something about it but he really hadn't done anything out of line so I put up
with it. I noticed that his buddy, a wiry boy with close cropped, reddish hair,
kept eyeing my wife too, pursing his lips in silent whistles as Paulita stood
by. Looking back on it now, it was as if tiny warning bells were sounding in my
brain and I ignored them.

      After a couple hours, the mechanic called me back into the shop, ran a
printout from their small computer system on the bench and showed me the bill.
It was nearly a hundred dollars over what he'd told me earlier.

      "That's too much," I said. "I don't mind paying an exorbitant price,
because we're stuck out here in the desert, but that's just robbery. I want to
talk to the owner."

      "I'm the owner," the mechanic said in a surly tone, "and these are my
partners."

      The reddish haired guy was standing close enough to touch me, looking
over my shoulder as the mechanic went over the printout again. I started to ask
him to move back when I saw the heavy revolver in his hand, the muzzle barely
touching the cloth of my shirt.

      "Now ya-all just relax," he said easily. "I'm sure we can work this out.
If you don't wanna pay up, we can make some other kinda deal."

      I looked past him to see the taller, dark haired one pushing Paulita
ahead of him. I moved away from the man beside me, starting toward her, but the
barrel of the gun followed me, pressing harder, urging me back. I couldn't help
noticing how steady his hand was and how relaxed he seemed. Outrage gave way to
a cold, sick feeling and I was suddenly unable to catch a deep breath. Paulita
was pale and wide eyed and then I saw the flicket knife lightly pressing her
side.

      "Okay,' he said to the others, "we're closed. Phone's off the hook too."
He moved away just long enough to roll the overhead doors down.

      "Just take it real easy," he said as he strolled over to us, "If you
don't fuss a whole bunch, we can get our business done here and you can be on
your way."

      The mechanic took my wallet, the redhaired one got Paulita's purse and
rifled through it, while the taller one pushed both of us back into a small
storage room off the shop. As we stood against the cinder block wall, the one I
called "Cowlilck," for lack of a name, shoved his hands into his back pockets
and said,

      "Okay, here's the deal. We're just gonna take enough for the parts and
forget the labor if the lady here's willing to work it off." He laughed. "We
might even give you credit if she's good enough."

      "Just a minute," I said, glad that my voice was steady, "Take the money,
but you'd better think about what you're doing here. If you add - I couldn't
say the word 'rape.' - anything else to the crime, it goes a lot worse for you.
I'll sign a complaint to it as well."

      "What the hell do you think this is, mister, a fuckin' tea party?" He
shook his head in exasperation and took my wife by her hand. "You understand
what we're about here now, don't you? You're gonna put out for us real nice,
right?"

      She jerked her hand away. "No, damnit!" she gasped indignantly.

      "You son of a bitch!" I hissed at him, starting forward, almost
forgetting about the pistol until Mechanic cocked it and thrust it into my face

       Paulita gave a thin cry of fright and backed away.

      "Oh come on now, Honey," Cowlick said to her, "don't be all uptight. Like
I said, if you're real good about it, you both can leave okay."

      "Look's like he's got a shitty attitude about it though," Mechanic said,
"so I guess we'll have to tie him down."

      Then the waking nightmare began. One of them found a length of rope, tied
my wrists together behind me, then snugged the free end of the rope to a metal
crossbeam on the wall behind me. That way, while I could move around a little,
I could go only so far.

      Once I was tethered, Redhead and Mechanic lounged against the near wall
while Cowlick led my protesting wife to the blanket draped cot against the far
wall, pulled her down beside him and talked to her. His tone was smooth and
friendly as if he were simply discussing road conditions or the weather.

      "Since we're all agreed," he told her in sickeningly intimate tone,
"there's no reason we can't be friendly about it, right? Now don't you go
worrying about your husband there either. He'd be wrong to blame you for it,
because you have to do what I say and you don't have a whole lot of choice,
right?. So why don't you just go ahead and get undressed?"

      I expected her to fight, or at least scream, but moving stiffly, she took
her sandals off, stood and began to strip while he sat watching her. She kept
looking at him, not protesting or fighting him, as she took off her glasses,
unzipped her dress, took it off and then reached behind to unhook her brassiere
and drop it on the concrete floor. She sat again rolled her underpants down and
dropped them next to her bra. I saw that the nipples of her breasts were
puckered tightly and that her face was flushed as she sat, just staring
straight ahead.

      "Hot damn!" Mechanic said thickly.

      I didn't want to look, but I couldn't help it. It was like watching a
snake, coiled just inches away. It's evil and ugly, but you don't dare take
your eyes off of it. No matter how many times I tried to erase the images from
my mind afterward, each tiny detail of the next few hours was burned into my
mind like an Eprom.

      Cowlick stripped down to his shorts and socks and sat closer to her,
putting his arm around her. He had an athletic build, with thick hair on his
chest and belly.

      "You got a beautiful body," he smiled at her. "I 'spect you're kinda
nervous right now though, but there's no need. Heck, we did our job, now you do
yours. So you just lie back and relax and we'll get to know each other a little
better, okay?

      She sat woodenly for a moment, then just pushed herself back to stretch
out on the cot. When he pulled off his shorts, grinning at her, his half-erect
penis looked much larger than average. As boldly and easily as if he'd known
her all his life, he sat and ran one hand up the inside of Paulita's leg. She
shuddered.

      I gave a shout of anger then, lunging forward to the end of the rope.
Cowlick pointed at me, Mechanic came over to me, produced a roll of duct tape
and quickly slapped a length of it over my mouth.

      "Damnit now," he said, not really perturbed, "there ain't a darn thing
you can do about it anyway, so jus' shut up."

      Cowlick turned his attention to Paulita again. He kept stroking her leg
and talking to her in that easy way, then after a minute or so, she lifted one
knee a little bit and let her legs open more. He grinned even wider and cupped
his hand over her pubic mount. It looked as if he was working his finger in her
and she stiffened a little, closing her eyes. He kept fingering her and after a
while, she sighed.

      "Well there," he said amicably, "I do believe you're getting a little
horny now."

      Then I realized exactly what he was doing: He was not only going to rape
her, he was trying to make her cooperate and even enjoy it. I was sick with
shame and rage. He got up onto the cot and knelt between her legs, his penis
now completely erect. Continuing to play his sick game, he didn't lie down on
her immediately but knelt there, showing his hardon with sly patience until she
opened her eyes and stared nervously at the thick length and the swollen,
reddish head that was about to be thrust into her.

      "Well, hell, it ain't gonna bite you, Baby" he chuckled. He took her
hand, put it on his cock and held it there. "It's okay. Get acquainted with it
some."

      She looked embarrassed and miserable but she still grasped that rigid,
wicked looking thing when he took his hand away. She could hardly get her
fingers around it. "Go on," he prompted and she hesitantly stroked it. "You can
do it better than that," he chided.

      Wetting her palm with her tongue she grasped it again and took longer
strokes.

      "That's the way," Cowlick said in a soft, purring tone, "get it nice a
hard for us."

       A minute later, he said, "I'm about ready, how 'bout you?" She stopped
stroking him and then nodded. "Okay, here we go, Honey. Put it where it belongs
and let's enjoy ourselves."

      He slowly lowered onto her. She cocked her knees back as she guided his
erection to her, only flinching a little as he slowly pushed into her. He
seemed to take an awfully long time, riding her with long, slow strokes. She
lay stiff under him but before he was done, I heard her breath coming in little
grunts as he rocked away at her. At one point, she drew her knees up higher and
rested her heels on his butt. Her face was flushed and she was was holding him
tightly by the waist, moving with him as he screwed her.

      "Come... on... Baby," he urged. "Let it out!"

      Just as he came, she expelled a long "ahhhh-uh!' and lifted up to him. I
was sick with shock and rage, angry at her as much at her as him. How could she
respond to him that way?

      Redhead was next, then Mechanic. I squeezed my eyes shut, hearing the cot
squeaking and then Redhead's harsh grunt of completion. Minutes later, Redhead,
standing behind me now, slapped the back of my head.

      "Hey, wake up," he said. "Ain't you even interested seeing your wife
gettin' it?"

      I watched again as the nightmare went on. Absently, I realized that
outside of some porno films when I was in college, I'd never actually seen
anyone else having sex.

      Mechanic had pulled her on top of him, holding her thighs while she
guided his smaller erection to the already wetted portal of her sex. He held
her arms to steady her as she squirmed down onto him and in a moment, she was
riding him, moving up and down on him. She was breathing quickly, sweating, the
cot protesting again as she strained over him. He slipped out once but she
stuffed him back inside and went on. When he gasped, 'yeah!' and bucked up at
her, she leaned down on him and moved a little faster, her breath whistling
through her clenched teeth and her belly making a soft slapping noise against
his. When he was done with her and had climbed off, Paulita rolled onto her
side, facing me, breathing deeply, her eyes unfocused. There were wet streaks
on her lower belly.

      I didn't realize I'd been pulling against the rope until I felt a
stinging in my wrists and looked behind me to see that I was bleeding. I heard
a tiny whirring sound and I looked over my shoulder to see Redhead holding a
camera.

      He saw me watching and grinned at me. "Just so as we won't forget any of
it, I'm taking a few pictures. O' course no one gets to see 'em but us. That is
unless you raise some trouble about it. Then these get put all over town, and
mailed to all the addresses in the little book we found in her purse. I think I
even got her folks address too. I'll mail you some copies for your scrapbook.
But I'll keep the negatives."

      "We're gonna take a little break now," Cowlick said to Paulita, "but you
keep it nice and warm for us." To me, he said, "You want a beer? No? Okay then,
we'll be back after a bit."

      Paulita sat up, hugging herself. I assumed she'd help me get loose or at
least pull the tape off, but she just sat there, looking at me, subdued,
waiting for those three thugs to return. She'd been raped, and would likely be
raped again, but she wouldn't move to help us get out of there. I began working
at the ropes, causing me more pain, but they wouldn't give.

      "I can't," she finally said in a small voice, not looking at me. "There's
three of them and they have a gun. We have to do what they say."

      I struggled in gagged rage again but nothing gave. Then, too soon, they
were back. In a blur of rage and pain, phasing in and out of consciousness, I
watched them rape my wife again.

      Mechanic wanted another turn with her, but he wasn't completely hard.
"Get it up," he rasped at her.

      Without being told, Paulita dropped to her knees in front of him and took
his penis in her hand, bringing it to her mouth. She licked her lips and then
suckled him, her head moving back and forth with a slow, steady movement until
he came fully erect. Then she stopped, holding it in her hand as if waiting for
instructions.

      "Go on and finish it," Mechanic said, "and do it real nice." She did.

      She choked a little when his hips began jerking, and pulled her head
away, but when he ordered her to keep on, and to swallow it, she put him in her
mouth again and kept on until he came. She leaned back at the last second
however and the ejaculate splattered over her nose and chin.

      "Shit!" Mechanic snarled as Paulita quickly wiped her face. "I guess she
don't like the taste of it."

      "Most women got to be trained to like it," Cowlick told him. "I want
another turn with her, but I need a beer first."

      He left and returned a moment later, a can of beer in each hand. He
handed one to Paulita as she sat on the cot. "Here you go, Sweet Thing. I
figured you might be a little thirsty."

      "After all that hard work," Redhead added with a snicker.

      To my disgust, she accepted the beer and began to drink from the can. As
far as I knew, she didn't even like beer. When she had finished it, she handed
the can to Cowlick who tossed it into a corner.

      "Well okay now," Cowlick said, "since we're all bright-eyed and
bush-tailed again, let's figure a way to pay off the next - What do ya call it?
- installment." He gazed thoughtfully at Paulita. "Your name's Paulita isn't
it? Well, Paulita, you ever taken it up the ass?"

      She shook her head quickly. "No! I can't do that."

      "Aw, come on now, Honey," Cowlick said soothingly, sitting down next to
her and taking her hands. "There's gotta be a first time. You're gonna like it,
once it gets going, believe me."

      "No," she protested, trying to pull away.

      Mechanic and Redhead stepped over quickly and the three of them forced
her to kneel, facing the cot. Redhead sat in front of her, pulling her up by
her by the arms so that she was stretched out over his knees as Mechanic knelt
down to wrap an arm around her waist, pinning her. Paulita really struggled
against them for the first time now, but it didn't do any good.

      "Oh, now you just settle down, you hear," Cowlick said firmly, kneeling
down next to her, cupping her chin in his hand and turning her head so she had
to look at him. She squirmed and cried, pulling against Redhead's grasp.

      "It only smarts right at first, then it gets good. I'll use lots of goo
to make it go easier. I tell you what: You let me know when it hurts too much
and I'll back off. But you got to know that, sooner or later, you're gonna get
it in you." She said something to him in a very soft tone and he nodded.
"That's better. Okay, here we go."

      She was still for a time then, softly whimpering as Cowlick got behind
her and parted her butt cheeks to apply some vaseline from the first aid kit to
her anal cleft.

       The other two took a firmer grip as Cowlick hiked her hips up higher and
nudged her legs further apart. He stroked her exposed flanks in anticipation
before spreading her cheeks with one hand and inserting a finger into her anus.
She tensed and gasped.

      "Hey, Baby," Mechanic chuckled, "that's nothin'. You're gonna think you
got a damn horse up your ass pretty quick."

      "No," she protested, trying to squirm away. "Please don't!"

      Redhead snapped, "I don't know why we're acting like she was a real date
or something. Just sock it to her and be done, damnit."

      "Shut the hell up," Cowlick growled at him. "She's working off the labor
on the car, so she's a customer, not one of your darned whores." To Paulita, he
said, "Oh, come on, now! Stop yer fussing and relax! Just get set, Honey, an'
we'll get it over with."

      "Ow! Oh, no!" Paulita screamed and tried to lean away as he set the tip
of his sizable manroot to her lubricated opening and pressed forward a little.
"Oh, God, it hurts!"

      "There, there, Honey," Cowlick told her in a tone someone might use to
gentle a frightened horse. "I know it does. But we got to break you in right,
don't we?"

      "Ya got in 'er yet?" Redhead asked.

      "Just about," Cowlick affirmed. He pressed forward a bit more. Paulita
hissed, arching her neck up and going rigid in agony.

      "Okay now," Cowlick soothed, "we're almost there. I'm gonna give one big
old push and then it'll be in. You count to three, take another deep breath,
and then the hard part's all done. Ready?"

      Paulita shook her head, but when Cowlick smacked her butt, she began to
count.

      "One," she said in a quavering voice.

      "Keep going now," he said, holding her hips.

      "Two..."

      "Come on, Baby," Cowlick said, "let's get it over with."

      She sucked in a quick breath. "Three."

      He shoved forward again, hard, Paulita howled in pain and then went
rigid, the cords standing out on her neck.

      "Uhhh!" she moaned. "Oh, Jesus!"

      "We got a little bit there. Let's get it all in now. Try pushing back at
me, real nice and slow." She cautiously rocked backward, caught a breath, then
pushed back again, wincing as his pelvis pressed snugly against her buttocks.
"There you go, Babe, we did it! Different kinda feeling, ain't it?"

      He pulled back and then wedged into her again. She stiffened. He withdrew
a little, paused, and pushed again.

      "Uh!" she exclaimed, but with less vehemence than before, then sighed..

      "Now that's the way," he chuckled. "Told you it would get easier, didn't
I?"

      Head hanging, she was silent, and the others relaxed their hold, as
Cowlick started slow, steady strokes to her, grunting softly, clucking to her
as if she were a horse he was riding. I could clearly hear the rasp of her 'uh,
uh, uh' in the small room

      "Ok-kay," he breathed, after a while, "we're gonna go for it now, Paulita
Baby. You all ready?"

      "Please don't come inside me," she begged in a low voice.

      "Oh, I got to," Cowlick said firmly. He pulled back, paused a second and
then humped hard, grasping her hips tightly and growling in his throat as he
pounded the rippling flesh of her abused buttocks. "Yah!" he bellowed and
moment later.

      She lifted her head from Redhead's lap, just as Cowlick finished, and the
look on her face made my stomach lurch. There was a strange, thin little smile
on her lips, her eyelids fluttered, and her mouth dropped open in dumb delight
as she pushed backward to accept his final thrust.

      "Oh now, that was just fine!" Cowlick chortled as he eased out of her.
"But, damn, we got a little mess here, Sugar. Grab something and wipe me off,
won't you."

      I was past caring as, naked and violated, she took a fresh shop rag from
the box at the end of the cot and wiped his genitals. When he was clean, she
dabbed at her anus with the pink rag.

      "I'd better go to the bathroom," she told him.

      "Well you just go, Baby. It's right outside to the left. Take a pee and
kinda tidy up a bit. Hurry right back."

      As she walked past me with a tight, ungraceful waddle, I saw the pale
streaks of moisture still on the inside of her thighs, mixed with a darker
wetness. I only hoped she would bring back a weapon of some kind, or call the
police. But I knew she hadn't when she returned and went to stand placidly by
the cot.

      Cowlick stroked her lower belly. "How ya doin' there, Paulita? Feelin'
better now, huh?"

      "Can we please go now?" she asked.

      "Well, I guess so," Cowlick said, "unless anyone else feels like some
more." He looked around, then right at me. "How 'bout you, Mister Hubby? You
want to take a turn at her now that we got her nice and broke in to it? After
all, she's pretty good and she is your old lady."

      I glared at him, planning how to kill him, but he just grinned and
shrugged.

      "Go on and get dressed then," he said to Paulita, slapping her butt. "I
reckon we're all done here."

      I remember watching Paulita calmly dressing, and Redhead holding the
pistol in his hand as we pulled out of the service station, but not much else.
I came out of a daze a few miles down the road, realizing that it was close to
sundown and that we were headed back toward Phoenix. Somehow Disneyland didn't
seem a good destination anymore.

      We didn't talk on the way back. All the way home, Paulita lay with her
head against the car window ledge, resting on her hip, her eyes closed. I kept
looking at her, wondering who the hell she really was and why she looked the
same after what had happened.

      As we pulled into our driveway, she sat up. "We're still alive."

      She'd probably saved our lives by cooperating, but our marriage wasn't
alive anymore. For the most part, we didn't talk at all, let alone touch each
other. On my own, I decided not to call the cops about it. I just didn't want
the shame and the bother of either of us having to appear in court, or having
those photos show up.

      I thought I had things under control after that, but a month later, when
I bumped into her as she was coming out of the bathroom, naked, wrapping a
towel around herself, I suddenly grabbed her by the shoulders and pushed her to
the floor.

      The next thing I knew, had my sweatpants down and I was taking her right
there on the hall carpet. I wasn't easy about it either, ramming it to her as
hard as I could. All the ugly images of those redneck bastards smirking,
shoving themselves into her while I stood helpless, had been eating into my
brain like an acid and I wanted nothing more than to erase any trace of them by
screwing her brains out! Since I knew we were finished anyway, I wanted to take
her one more time and I didn't care how.

      I felt a burning along my back. Paulita's fingernails were gouging my
flesh, her knees were tucked up tight, and she was bucking under me, going
'nuh, nuh, nuh,' whipping her head back and forth, her face and chest flushed a
hot pink as she drummed her heels on my flexing buttocks. I pushed up on my
arms and just humped her then, slamming into her with long, hard strokes. I
stopped short, pulled out and told her to roll over. She did.

      "Spread," I growled. "Do it!" Paulita quickly raised her rear and reached
back to part her ass cheeks.

      If it was going to be the last time I had her, I wanted to make it
something she'd remember. I shoved deep into her anus in one long push. She
sucked in a sharp breath, but she didn't protest and I found it was easier than
I thought it would be. Then I fucked her back door, smacking my pelvis to her
quivering buttocks, lunging and grunting like a sweaty animal until I exploded
into her warm tightness. She gasped and moaned, breaking into a hard sweat and
pushing eagerly back against me. "Aw, Darling! Oh, God! Yes, yes, yes!"

      I still didn't get it though. When I recovered from my craziness, I
opened my mouth to apologize to her, but before I could, she whipped around to
face me, wrapped her fingers in my hair and then gave me an open-mouth kiss,
jamming her tongue into my mouth as far as she could. She let go, gave a hard
shudder and fell back, her legs flopping open.

      Looking up at me a moment later with half closed eyes, she reached
between us to fondle my relaxed cock in a loving way. "Would you mind if I
kissed him sometime?" she whispered, a wicked glint in her green eyes.

      I didn't mind at all, I told her, adding that right then would be just
fine. She went to the bathroom, brought a warm, damp cloth and washed me off
tenderly before she fellated me. She pressed me down, stretched out next to me,
stroked and sucked on me with lazy lustfulness until I grew hard again and then
kept at it to greedily drink in my second offering.

      Oh yes, I think I really know my wife now.

      And, I might mention by the way, that roadside service station went out
of business a couple of months after that. It seems something got awfully
messed up with their online bank accounts and the money just seemed to
disappear into limbo. No need to wonder how that happened.

                                    ********

                                       ??

