From s_racer@primenet.com Thu 01 Jun 95 03:45:31
Message-ID: <202303Z01061995@anon.penet.fi>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: an271049@anon.penet.fi
Reply-To: an271049@anon.penet.fi
Date: Thu,  1 Jun 1995 20:13:58 UTC
Subject: Story...Night Vision (M+/F,nc)

you're a kid,
GO AWAY. Constructive comments welcome. Enjoy.                          
   :                                      




                                                Night Vision
                                                       by
                                                       Me ( again )


     Of course I know that it's wrong. But I get this urge and I just 
can't help
myself. If I don't succumb then I will just lay awake all night anyway, 
so
what the hell, I'm not hurting anyone or anything. So I go out. My 
apartment
complex is truly huge and mine is only one several grouped together. 
All told
there must be thousands of homes in easy walking distance of me. That   
  
suits me just fine. See, I'm a voyeur. I live by myself, work in a 
print shop
forty hours a week, and spend just about every night outside. I've been 
doing
this for three years now. After all this time and effort I have it down 
to a
science. I have my regulars. There are ten to fifteen tenants that I 
know that I
can count on for a show. I swear they must want me to look.
     I discovered the first of my regulars the second week after I 
moved in.
They live two buildings over from me and are, or were, newlyweds. They
couldn't give a better show if they served popcorn. Three or four ( it 
was
more at first) times a week you can see them. Their shades are always 
up at
least six inches, and so is he. She is a blond about 24 and he is a 
sandy
haired gent of maybe 30. The light is always on when they go at it and 
when
the temperature is nice the window is open, too. She's noisy and I 
can't
understand why no one has ever complained, but no one has. They have 
sex
down to a true art. They undress each other, slowly kissing and licking 
each
area as it's revealed. She has a perfect body, breasts large, but not 
too large
for her frame, the tightest ass you can imagine (she has to work out), 
and a
bushy blond pussy that reaches ever so slightly for her navel (I love 
hair). I
guess that he looks good too, he has a muscular build and no obvious 
flaws.
Anyway, once they are undressed, they get on the bed. They seem to 
alternate
nights for oral sex, and to tell you the truth I usually skip the 
nights when she
is giving. Watching her squeeze her tits and listening to her moan when 
she
cums is a treat worth wading though hot coals for. He must bring her 
off at
least five times before moving up and pushing his dick inside. She 
wraps her
legs around his hips and starts to jerk up against him, I swear she 
works
harder than he does. After about ten minutes of pacing themselves they 
lose
control, they're smashing their crotches together and she's screaming 
and then
he pulls out (birth control?) and thick streams of cum shoot over her
stomach, some getting to her lips. Then they turn out the light and go 
to sleep.
At least I guess they do, I'm gone as soon as the hand goes for the 
light.
Timing is everything.
     Anyway, the reason that I started like this is so that I could 
tell you that
the other night I went out to see them, they weren't there. It really 
pissed me
off. The nerve of them, changing the schedule like that and not 
clearing it
with me first. I have gotten kind of lazy, setting up a routine and not 
looking
elsewhere for a while. So I wandered, without any real direction. It 
was
about three in the morning before I knew it and I hadn't seen anything. 
But
I've learned that if you don't see something by two or so, you're not 
going to.
So I set off back home. About halfway back I saw a light go on in an
apartment that I didn't know, so I snuck over to see what I could see. 
The
shade and window were both open about four inches, giving me a really
good view.
     I must have gotten there right away because I saw a dressed man 
sitting
on a bed next to a woman who he had obviously just woken up. Just as
obvious was the fact that he had been drinking. He was talking about 
how his
credit card had been turned down at the bar, and how embarrassed he was 
to
have to ask his buddies to pay for him, and where the hell did she 
spend the
money, etc.
     Normally, I would just walk away from a fight, but she sat up in 
bed and
she had on the cutest teddy, I couldn't tear myself away. So I watched 
her
bust expand and contract while she started crying and being sorry, and 
it
wouldn't happen again. Suddenly, he reached out and smacked her across 
the
face. I guess that he hadn't ever hit her before, because she looked 
really
surprised. He told her that sorry wasn't good enough and she was going 
to
have to pay her own way this time. I didn't know what he was talking 
about
anymore than she did, when he when out of the room. It was a surprise 
to
both of us when he returned with three other men. She jerked the covers 
up to
her neck and told them to get out of her room. Her man reached down and
grabbed the blanket away from her, saying that it was all her own 
fault. The
new men moved closer to the bed and pulled her to her feet, standing 
her up
on the floor at the end of the bed. One man told her that as payment 
for her
husband's bar bill, and as punishment for being so bad with his hard 
earned
money, she was theirs for the weekend. Then he said for her to strip.
     She just stood there for a minute, crying and pleading with them 
not do
this. Then one man punched her in the stomach and as she doubled over, 
he
hit her again, this one on the jaw. The woman flew back onto the bed,
stunned and gasping for air. She must have laid there for five minutes. 
Then
once she had caught her breath, the man that had hit her pulled her 
back up to
where she had been. He told her that if she made loud noises or tried 
to get
away, she'd get alot worse, then said for her to strip again. She was 
still
sobbing,  but she shrugged the outer part of her outfit off her 
shoulders and it
fell to he floor. Now she had only the camisole and panties to cover 
her from
their eyes. She was the most beautiful woman I had ever seen. She was
maybe 21 years old. As she stood there I could see that her long red 
hair
reached the middle of her back. Her breasts stood firmly from her 
chest. Her
skin was creamy with a few freckles. Her ass was firm and round inside 
her
outfit. Now she was crying harder, saying please, over and over again.
Another of the strange men told her that if she didn't keep going then 
he was
going to kick her ass. She reached up and slid the shoulder straps of 
the
camisole down her arms. It fell to the floor and puddled around her 
feet. Her
breasts were perfect. Large, but not too large for her figure, with 
pink, fear
stiffened nipples. Then she pushed the panties off her hips. Between 
her
thighs was a small forest of bright red curls, which she tried to hide 
with her
hands. One of the men slapped her hands from in front of her, so she 
stood
with her arms to her sides, completely exposed to their eyes and hands. 

     They reached out almost as one and started to touch her. Their 
hands
moved slowly over her body, squeezing her breasts and ass. One man
shoved a hand between her legs, doing something that made her jump.
Another started pinching her nipples, making her squeal in pain. This 
went
on for a few minutes until the men abusing her could no longer stand to 
wait.
After making her get on her knees in front of them, she was made to 
open
their pants and pull out their cocks. 
     They forced her hands up and down two of them while the other was
pushed into her mouth, after a while they would switch. The first one 
came in
her mouth, but the second decided to spray her face and rub it in, the 
third put
his spurting dick against her nose and made her sniffle it in. The hand 
jobs
she was giving kept them all hard after they came. Her husband jerked 
off
twice watching his wife be abused.
     After they all came once into her young mouth, she was told to get 
onto
the bed and position herself to please them. With just those 
instructions she
climbed slowly onto the bed, fresh tears falling on the sheet, and lay 
on her
back with her arms at her side. Then one told her to spread her legs. 
She did.
More. She did. More, bitch. Her feet hung off the sides of the 
mattress, the
tendons in her thighs straining. Then another told her to spread the 
lips of her
cunt. Now finger yourself. She moaned in humiliation, but inserted two
fingers into her tight red-haired pussy. Play with your clit. She 
rubbed her
thumb against it. They kept her at it a long time. After a while her 
fingers
looked wet and her hips started to move just a little bit. As she got 
more
worked up I happened to look over at her husband. He had a camera and 
was
taking shots of her masturbating as fast as he could. Her hips started 
bucking
and suddenly she arched her back and then collapsed on the bed. The men
surrounding her clapped their hands and whistled at her performance. As
soon as the glow faded she curled up in the fetal position and cried.
     They let her be for a minute while one of them went to get a 
six-pack out
of the fridge. As they drank their beer she took no notice of them. 
Then one
grabbed an unopened can and shook it up. She jumped when he opened it 
and
sprayed the icy liquid over her body. She had leaped to her hands and 
knees
to try to get away from the spraying beer. Now a man grabbed her hips 
and
pulled her to him. Without another word he shoved his hard cock into 
her
still wet pussy and started pumping. She gasped as he entered her and 
then
began to fuck into her tight passage. The others watched the show for a
minute and then one got on his knees on the bed in front of her and 
forced
himself in her mouth. Not wanting to be left out of the action the 
third man
lay down under her swinging breasts and took a nipple into his mouth. I
guess that he wasn't just sucking because I saw his jaw working and she
started to make squealing noises around the cock raping her mouth. Once 
he
had changed nipples a couple of times I could indeed see bite marks on 
her
breasts. The two men at either end of her came at almost the same time, 
both
pulling away from her violated body. The man chewing her nipples pushed
her around on the bed and positioned her crotch over his, never taking 
the
breast meat from his mouth. Then he took one of her hands and put it on 
his
dick, making it clear that she was to put him inside her herself. She 
had an
almost blank look on her face as she did what was expected and lowered
herself onto him. One of the other men spoke up. Come on, whore, don't 
just
sit there, move your ass. She did, raping herself on him for long 
minutes
before he came, from the sound of her choked scream he bit down 
especially
hard then. 
     Her husband produced some rope and in a few minutes she was
helplessly tied spread eagle to the bed. They added a gag and a 
blindfold
and left the room, telling her on the way out to have a good night and 
not to
worry, they still had all of Saturday and Sunday to take care of her 
needs.
She lay helpless on the bed and cried to herself. 
     I felt sorry for her but I was incredibly horny and couldn't 
imagine
leaving now, even to do the right thing and call the cops. I waited for 
a little
while and when no one came back in I went to the other windows to see
what the men were doing. I discovered them in the livingroom, sound 
asleep
in their drunkenness. An idea came to me. If I snuck into the house 
then I
could release her and be gone without the men knowing I was there and
without the cops getting involved. So I went back to her window and 
looked
in. The girl had apparently succumbed to exhaustion and was crying 
softly in
her sleep. I tested this by rattling the screen a little. No reaction. 
So I
carefully worked the screen off the window (they aren't put together 
well in
these buildings) and that done, I soundlessly lifted the window and 
climbed
inside.
     It was quiet inside the apartment and I could hear the men in the 
livingroom, snoring. I
quietly shut the door and turned to the girl on the bed. Even with the 
bruises on her breasts
and body and the tear streaks on her face she was the most beautiful 
woman I had ever
seen. Before I knew what I was doing I was standing above her with my 
hands on her
breasts. She woke immediately, but I realized that with the blindfold 
she didn't know that I
wasn't one of them, would never know. So I moved my hands over her, 
exploring the
unwilling flesh. I pinched her abused nipples, feeling a thrill course 
though me at her
muffled scream. I ran a hand down to her cunt. The bright red pubic 
hair was matted with
still damp cum and the lips were swollen from the violations. I grabbed 
a lip and twisted.
Her hips bucked in pain. My fingers moved up a little and pinched her 
clit, she made so
much noise that I was sure that the men would wake up, but I could 
still hear their snores
from the other room. My lust at an all time pitch, I pulled down my 
pants and leapt onto
her, thrusting my cock in at the same time. She gasped and moaned 
behind the gag as I
pumped into her. I moved faster and harder into her defenseless body, 
at the last second I
grabbed the top of her head to hold her steady while I pounded her 
beaten cunt. I released
into her and lay my head on her chest, chewing on a nipple while I 
recovered. Then, not
wanting to push my luck any further, I pulled up my pants and climbed 
back out the
window, putting everything back the way that I found it. On the way 
home I decided to
bring my camera back tonight.  
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
To find out more about the anon service, send mail to help@anon.penet.fi.
If you reply to this message, your message WILL be *automatically* anonymized
and you are allocated an anon id. Read the help file to prevent this.
Please report any problems, inappropriate use etc. to admin@anon.penet.fi.

