JBL MILESTONES:

1927: Lansing Manufacturing Company founded in Los Angeles.  James B. 
Lansing and Ken Decker principal officers.

1934: Lansing works with Douglas Shearer of MGM to develop first 
commercial two-way theater system.

1937: Motion Picture Academy awards MGM and Lansing special technical 
award for furthering sound in the theater.

1939: Ken Decker killed in plane crash; Lansing forced to look for 
additional financial support; begins manufacturing products for Altec 
Service Corporation.

1941: Lansing Manufacturing Company acquired by Altec.  Lansing begins a 
five year contract with Altec.

1946: At expiration of contract, Lansing leaves Altec and founds a new 
company, Lansing Sound Incorporated.  Name soon changes to James B. 
Lansing Sound Incorporated.

1947: Lansing designs and builds D130, the first loudspeaker designed 
with a 100 mm (4-inch) voice coil diameter and high efficiency magnet 
structure.

1949: Lansing dies, and William Thomas assumes presidency.  Company 
undergoes hard times; moves three times in as many years.

1950-53: Thomas establishes JBL as a quality, high-end company dedicated 
to excellence in engineering and industrial design.  Bart Locanthi 
begins 20 year engineering relationship with JBL.  Concept of acoustical 
lens commercially introduced.

1953: JBL adopts cast iron Alnico V magnet structures, the most 
efficient in the industry.

1954: JBL enters cooperative ventures with both Ampex and Westrex to 
manufacture components for theater use.  The model 375 100 mm (4-inch) 
aluminum diaphragm compression driver was introduced.  Marks beginning 
of JBL Professional products division.

1956: Hartsfield corner horn system introduced.  Still manufactured in 
Japan.

1957: Ring radiator high-frequency compression tweeter developed.

1958: Paragon stereo system introduced.  Arnold Wolf responsible for 
industrial design of Richard Ranger's patented reflecting system.

1961: Special monitor system developed for Capitol Records (later to be 
acquired by EMI of England).  The system was adopted by EMI for 
worldwide use, thus beginning JBL's important role in the studio.

1962: First commercial use of the passive radiator in loudspeaker 
systems.


1965: JBL designs a family of musical instrument loudspeakers for Leo 
Fender of electric guitar fame.  This marks the beginning of JBL's role 
in music reinforcement.

1968: JBL introduces 4310/4311 system, perhaps the best known three-way 
bookshelf system of all time.

1969: Harman acquires JBL from William Thomas.  International market 
expansion begins through Harman distributing companies.  L100 hi-fi 
version of 4311, introduced.

1972: JBL becomes largest domestic manufacturer of branded consumer 
loudspeaker systems.

1973: JBL introduces the four-way studio monitor concept with the 4350.

1974: JBL monitors dominate in U.S. recording studios.

1976: Giant sound system at California Jam marks JBL's rise to 
preeminence in the tour sound industry.

1977: JBL is acquired by Beatrice Foods as a result of Dr. Sidney 
Harman's appointment as undersecretary of commerce by President Carter.

1978: JBL develops SFG magnet structure in the wake of world cobalt 
shortage.

1979: JBL introduces Bi-Radial   patented horn technology for improved 
pattern control, smoother response and lower distortion.  Patented 
diamond surround introduced for compression drivers.  Extends response 
of original 375 driver an additional octave to 20 kHz.

1980: Harman reacquires JBL.

1981: JBL introduces Bi-Radial Studio Monitors.

1982: JBL perfects titanium diaphragms for compression drivers, giving 
extended frequency response.  World's largest sound system at US 
festival over 2,000 individual JBL transducers, marking JBL's dominance 
of the tour sound industry.

1983: JBL is reasserted as significant force in motion picture market.  
Lucasfilm adopts JBL components for their THX system.

JBL introduces defined coverage horn for sound reinforcement use.

1984: JBL system chosen for installation in Goldwyn Theater of the 
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.  Majority of film studio 
and new theater construction converts to JBL.
