
MUSIC REVIEW: Kansas - Boxed Set
  by Dave Bealer

Welcome to part two in a series of reviews of CDs by bands named 
after North American geographical features.  This time we take a 
look at (alright, listen to) the latest release by Kansas. 

I'm not much for "boxed sets" since they typically contain little in
the way of new material.  About the only time they make sense, for
anyone but the record company, is in the case of artists whose early
work is hard to find in CD format.  

The other problem with many boxed sets is sheer size: you need a
good sized truck to take the box home.  Might as well make it an
armored truck, since you'll need one to guard the money required to
purchase the set in first place.  The two discs (or cassettes) in the
_Kansas Boxed Set_ contain 26 songs, most of which are from the
band's first eight albums.

Most of the songs are studio cuts from the original albums, ranging
from their self-titled 1974 debut album to 1980's _Audio-Visions_.
A trio of previously unreleased live performances ("Death of Mother
Nature Suite," "Incomudro - Hymn To The Atman," and "On The Other
Side") are included, as is the original demo version of "Can I Tell
You" that caused Don Kirschner to consider signing the band (then
known as White Clover) to his new record label in 1973.

Kansas is an album band with a cult following.  "Dust In The Wind" is
the only Kansas single ever to chart in the top ten (#6, March 1978).
One reason for their limited commercial success is the dark nature of
most of their lyrics.  "Dust In The Wind" itself is about the very
temporary nature of man's existence on Earth.  Wonderfully moving
lyrics for those willing to listen, the message is definitely not a
sappy, happy, "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah" one.

Kansas is NOT just a studio band, however.  I had the pleasure of
seeing them in concert at Stabler Arena in Bethlehem, PA. in late
1980 during the _Audio-Visions_ tour.  We had sixth row-center seats
for an excellent performance which I thoroughly enjoyed, although I
couldn't hear anything for a couple of days afterwards.  The only
rock concert I've ever attended (my hearing is bad enough already,
thank you very much), it was worth it to see the six original band
members in action together.  About a year later Steve Walsh left the
band, so that was the last Kansas tour with the original cast.

Two things make this boxed set as must-have for Kansas fans.  One is
the 32 page book which tells the story, in words and pictures, of the
band called Kansas, from it's roots as White Clover (circa 1969) to
the breakup of the original lineup in late 1981.  The other feature
is a brand new Kansas song, "Wheels."  Written by Kerry Livgren for a
solo project, "Wheels" features Steve Walsh's vocals, Kerry Livgren
on guitar and keyboards, Phil Ehart on drums, and newcomer David
Ragsdale on violin. 

With the information contained in the book, this boxed set leaves
only one real remaining problem for true Kansas fans: when are those
brain dead record company executives going to bring _Audio-Visions_, 
_Drastic Measures_, and _Vinyl Confessions_ out on CD?

                              #  #  #

Copyright 1994 Dave Bealer.  All Rights Reserved.
--------------------------------------------------------------------
Dave Bealer is a thirty-something mainframe systems programmer.  His
musical ability extends to playing "When the Saints Go Marching In"
on the piano using only five keys.  This makes him as qualified to
review music as most of those who do it for a living.  When not 
listening to music, Dave writes for and publishes his own e-mag, 
Random Access Humor. He can be reached at: dave.bealer@rah.clark.net
or at The Puffin's Nest, 1:261/1129, (410)437-3463.
=====================================================================
