


           ################  #####      ###         #
           ##     ##     ##    # ##      #         ###
           #      ##      #    #  ##     #        #####
                  ##           #   ##    #       #   ###
                  ##           #    ##   #      #     ###
                  ##           #     ##  #     ###########
                  ##           #      ## #    #         ###
                 ####          #       ###   #           ###
                ######        ###       ##  ###         #####

   -----------------------------------------------------------------
   |                                                               |
   |                 Technical News Association                    |
   |                                                               |
   |                               #2                              |
   |                                                               |
   |                         486 Upgrades                          |
   |                                                               |
   |                   Author: Christopher Barr                    |
   |                        Typed By: Oreo                         |
   -----------------------------------------------------------------

Ultimate Upgrade

        That Baby-Blue ZIF socket you may have seen sprouting like
mushrooms on 486-based systems boards lately is Intel's latest effort
at standardizing the upgrade market.  But whether you can upgrade your
system to a Pentium-like CPU may depend up on which blue socket you
get.

         Intel, which pioneered the why-sell-one-CPU-to-a-customer-
when-you-can-sell-two? strategy, developed a kitchen-sink socket that
system makers can install on system boards.  This 238-pin baby-blue
socket will accept DX2 and OverDrive chips (which are the same
internally), as well as a derivative 32-bit bus version of the Pentium
(code named P24T), which won't be available until early 1994. A full
64-bit bus Pentium system requires a system board overhaul.

        Intel will actually promote two different blue upgrade
sockets. A 169-pin version is designed for 486SX-and DX-based systems
and can't accept the P24T, while the 238-pin version is for DX2
systems and can take the P24T, but system manufactures don't always
follow this rule. Zeos International, for example, is shipping the
238-pin socket in its entire line of desktop systems, from the 486SX-
25 to the 486DX2-66, and is staying away entirely from the 169-pin
version.

         As long as system makers design the memory subsystems to
support the Pentium, there's no reason why most systems would not be
able to use the 238-pin socket.  While we commend Intel for making
upgrading easier, why couldn't the company simply color-code the
sockets for us?  Make the blue socket for the OverDrive, and the
purple socket for Pentium.  Is that too difficult?


Copied from:
Christopher Barr's article in the January 26, 1993 Edition of
"PcMagazine" .


----------------------------------------------------------------------

             Technical News Association Distribution Sites

                      The Wall BBS (908)294-8830
                      Skyline BBS  (908)363-3832

---------------------------------------------------------------------
