Archive-name: Casual/labrys.txt
Archive-author: Warren T.
Archive-title: Labrys......., The


A beautiful red head, looking prim and proper, sat at the table next
to me in the pub, with her long legs crossed and her serious looking
face planted in a book.  I had just walked into the Coffee House when
I noticed her and she looked up from her book and gave me one long
appraising look.  Her eyes walked up one side of my body and down the
other, stopping in significant places and continuing on with some
slight hesitation.  Then her eyes closed, she shook her head, and
returned to her book.  I had seen part of her look and decided that
I'd introduce myself.

I walked over and asked her if she minded if I shared her table.  It
was early and there were several tables available, but I wanted to
chance it anyways.  She said it was fine and then went back to her
book.

The waiter came over and I ordered just a cup of coffee as I wasn't
in the mood for much more than coffee and her.  The waiter winked at
me, smiling.  I was a regular here, and he rushed off, swishing this
way and that, to get me my favorite house brand.  The lady appeared to
not have noticed he was even there.

I was used to this sort of thing... lots of young, career,
professional, yuppie females come into this place, looking to meet Mr.
Right, or looking to impress this boss or that.  They liked to drink
their coffee, sit at their tables and look good, and more often than
not I'd end up taking them home and using them like they wanted to be
used, then sending them on their way.  Tonight seemed like it'd be
nothing out of the ordinary.  I could get through her book and touch
that animalistic part of her that brought her here.

The waiter brought me my coffee and swished away, trailing his hand
across my shoulder as he past me by.  I smiled and shook my head,
looking around surreptitiously.  I caught her glancing my way and
smirked.  She could be had...

I looked at the book she was so enthralled by and read the title.  I
was slightly surprised and pleased to see that she was reading one of
my favorites, a new book called "The Living One".  

"You read much horror?" I asked her.

She looked up at me, slightly confused, and said "Beg pardon?"

"You read much horror?"

"Oh!  This.  Yes... I pick up a book now and then.  I like coming in
here and finding some dark corner and curl up with a good suspense
story.  What about you?  I take it you've read this?"  She held up her
book so that I could get a better view of the spine.

"It's one of my favorites... in fact I have an autographed copy in my
library.  Maybe you'd like to see it sometime."  I hinted with a
slight smile, just barely parting my lips.

"Maybe.... but you'll have to do better than that."  She laughed
lightly, shaking her head and tossing her hair to the side.

With her hair out of the way I could see her ear, smooth and clean and
milky white.  And pinned neatly in the lobe was a gold and silver
labrys, with a diamond at the head of the axe-handle that caught the
light and sparkled.  Then her hair fell back into place and the sight
of her ear was taken from me until some later time....

I continued to look at her, roaming my eyes across her face, seeing
each line in her forehead, each little smile-crease around her eyes,
and each pore of her cheeks.  Her skin was white and powdery.  Her
cheekbones were high and well pronounced.  Her eyelashes were just
long enough to twitch when she smiled at me.

Her eyes.... one was a deep green and one was brown, and in both the
pupils had "broken" making trails down through the color and into the
white.  She looked like a cat, with those eyes.

She had sat there the entire time I was staring at her, with a slight
smile on her face, and her tongue just barely flickering in and out of
her teeth.  When she saw that I was done she locked gazes with me and
asked me, "You like what you saw?"

I just barely breathed "very much."

"Good."  She returned to her book.

I thought my chances were nill at this point so I moved to get up,
before I had even half-risen her arm shot out and grabbed mine.
"Sit," she said.  Her eyes never left the page that she was reading.

I sat back down and looked at her.  Now it was my turn to be puzzled.
What did she want?  Who did she think she was?  Who did she think *I*
was?

So we just sat there for a little while, the waiter coming back now
and then to ask me if everything was okay, to wink at me, to get me
more coffee, and to swish in my general direction.

People came and went, talking, flirting, picking each other up,
looking each other over, and still we just sat there, not a word said.
But every time I tried to get up she'd pull me back and I'd hear that
one word again.  "Sit."  Then I heard a sharp snap as the book was
closed and placed on the table.  She folder her hands on top of the
book and looked at me.  "Ready?" she said.

"For what?"  Where was this going?

"You're going to take me out dancing..."  Her eyes dared me to say no.

"Then let's go."

She put the book in her purse and stood up, her dress falling down the
length of her body, looking like it was made just for her.  Then she
grabbed my hand and pulled me towards the door.

We went out to a local dance place that she said would interest me.  I
paid the cover for both of us.  I bought the drinks.  There was even a
young man walking around selling roses, so I bought one of those.  I
gave it to my lady friend.  She smiled, held it to her nose, and then
placed it sideways in her mouth, standing up as she did so.  I could
see a very slight drop of blood where a thorn had cut into her lip,
but she didn't seem to notice.

There was no one on the dance floor as she pulled me up to it and out
to the middle, but that didn't appear to concern her.  The drop of
blood on her lip grew to a small bubble and then rolled lazily down
her chin, leaving behind a red trail.  She moved in and started
dancing up against my body, sliding in out away, up and down.  Her
hands where on my shoulders caressing my ears and the back of my neck.

So I started moving with her, stepping in and back in synchronicity
with her, swaying my hips side to side.  Another drop of blood was
welling up on her lip and as we danced it broke and rolled down her
chin.  I reached out with my right hand and caught the drop on my
fingertip, bringing it to my lips to taste.  Her eyes sparkled and her
eyebrows twitched up ever so slightly.

The music had taken us and we moved together and the sound flowed and
we danced.  Her hands moved down off of my shoulders and down my
chest, rubbing around my nipples which were taut under my shirt.  Then
she grabbed my tie and began undoing it.  Deftly she untied its knot
and slid it off my neck and over my head. 

She held my tie in her hands for a minute, just moving and flowing
with the song, then slid it around my wrists.  Before I totally
understood what she was doing my hands were thoroughly tied together
and she held the ends in her fists.  She smiled around the rose and a
drop of blood rolled down her chin.  With one hand she lifted my tied
hands into the air and with the other she pushed me down to my knees.

Then she danced around me, jerking my hands so that I had to keep
facing her.  Rubbing her hips behind against my back and then twirling
around, still keeping my hands in the air, and rubbing her groin into
the back of my head and sliding around to my face.  She was turning me
on something fierce, but she kept me on my knees, with my hands tied
together and held above my head.  Then she leaned over and kissed me,
transferring the rose to my teeth.  I tasted her blood on the stem and
in her kiss, and felt the pinch of the thorn as it poked into my
tongue.

She raised me off of my knees and led me off the floor, slowly untying
my hands as we walked back to our table.  When we got there she picked
up her purse, beckoned for me to follow her, and walked towards the
exit.

We left that club and got into my car.  She told me to take her to my
place.  She wanted to see my autographed copy of "The Living One" it
seemed.  

When we got to my place we stepped inside and she went right through
the apartment as if she'd been there before, heading straight towards
the bedroom.  I put our jackets in the hall closet, neatened myself up
in the mirror, and headed back that way myself.  When I got back there
she was waiting for me, her shoes set to the side of the door, rubbing
her hands through her hair, spreading it out and letting it fall back
to her shoulders.  I slid out of my shoes.  Her ears showed through so
I reached out a hand to rub along the outer edge.  She purred slightly
at my touch, then moved her hand along my arm, across my shoulder and
to the buttons of my shirt, her other hand joining the first one in
perfect timing to meet at the top button.  It came undone easily, then
she slid down to the second one.  It slid free.  Then, with shirt to
hold onto she ripped outwards, spraying the remaining buttons around
the room and uncovering my chest in one hard motion.  I stopped
stroking her ear, and looked at her.

Her hands continued moving, sliding the open shirt back and over my
shoulders, forcing my arms down to my sides.  The shirt fell away from
her and slid down my arms, getting caught on the cuffs.  My hands were
effectively tied behind my back.  She moved in for a kiss, locking
lips with me and forcing her tongue into my mouth.  There was still a
slight taste of blood in her mouth and, oh god, did it turn me on.  I
started ripping at my shirt, trying to get it off, but her hands came
up to my arms and stilled them.

"But..." I started to say, but her finger came up to my lips and she
shook her head, looking me right in the eyes, as if to say "No words."

She walked me around the side of the bed and layed me down on it,
freeing my hands in the process.  I could see that she hadn't just
been standing there while I was putting away the jackets, as there
were two of my cotton ties lying on the nightstand next to me.  She
grabbed one and slid it along my arm, coming to a halt at my wrist and
then wrapping it around.  She lifted that hand to the headboard and
secured it in place.  She grabbed the other tie and walked around the
bed.  I watched her every move, awaiting the moment her skin would
touch mine again.

This time she trailed the tie across my chest, teasing my nipples with
the roughness of the cotton as it slid across.  Then she tied my other
hand to the headboard and stepped away, looking at me.  There was
nothing I could do but look back.  She smiled and slid onto the bed,
sitting on it sideways so as to keep her legs off the bed, bent at the
knee, and her back to me.   Her hands swirled around and around my
nipples and across my chest and down to my belly button.  There her
lips met her hands.

She kissed downwards until her lips touched the hem of my pants, and
she grabbed it with her teeth and pulled, popping the button open.
She slid her tongue down to the zipper and bit that, pulling down.
Her hands had never moved from where they had stopped when her lips
met them.  When the zipper was down her hands moved down to grab hold
of my pants and pull downwards, freeing them from my legs.  Then she
stood up and stepped away, looking at my body.

There's nothing more erotic than to be tied to a bed, while a fully
dressed woman does whatever it is that she wants to you.  I was
completely enthralled.   And I loved every single second of it.

Once she had looked enough, teasing me by just standing there, she
came back to the bed, only this time she slid all the way onto it,
sliding her feet underneath my knees, straddling my waist.  Her dress
hiked up to conform to her position and rubbed against my erect penis
sending shivers coursing through my body.  I looked up at her and saw
the light through her hair, making it look as if her head was
surrounded by a long, luxuriant, liquid fire which draped down to my
chest, burning me with each touch.  My skin tingled everywhere her
hair touched.  So she just dangled it for a little while, allowing it
to trail around my chest, leaning back occassionally to rub it along
my legs and feet.  Her hips ground against mine ever so slightly.

Then she leaned forward and kissed my right nipple, her tongue
slipping out and wetting my skin, flicking back and forth.  Her lips
slid across my chest to my left nipple which she bit down on, bringing
blood instantly.  I thought I would scream, but she eased up and moved
back to my right, kissing ever so gently.  She kissed her way back to
my left, an inch at a time, then bit down again, bringing sharp pain.
She went back and forth between my nipples like this for awhile,
alternating between pain and pleasure, sometimes biting the right, and
sometimes biting the left.  I never knew which one she was going to
hurt, so I looked forward to feeling the light kisses, and was pleased
when instead she bit down.  The pain became something more erotic and
dark with each bite.  And still her hips ground against mine.

She moved up to my neck biting slightly, and kissing alot.  Then she
ran her tongue up to my ear and around the rim, then inside to the
center swirl by swirl, taking her time, until her tongue was probing
the hole.  Her lips slid around my whole ear and her teeth sank slowly
into the dangling lobe, pulling on it while biting down harder.  The
swaying of her hips increased in pace.

Then she moved her mouth away from my ear and up along my temple and
across my forehead, kissing me ever so lightly.  Her tongue ran across
my eyebrows.  Then she lightly ran it across my eyelids, one at a
time, very gently so that I could barely feel it.  It was fire.  The
motion of her hips increased and the cotton of her dress was rubbing
against my cock urgently.

She arched her back up as she rocked her hips, and her thighs squeezed
mine, and her hands ran through her hair spreading it out and letting
it drop back a strand at a time.  She was in complete control.

And just when I thought that I could take no more she stopped her hips
and slid her body down my legs until her face was in my crotch.  She
blew one short quick burst of cold wind along the length of my penis
and that was all I could take.  My legs tensed up, my arms tightened
and the ties strained against the headboard, my stomach muscles
contracted, my eyes squeezed shut and I came, erupting along the
length of my body, just reaching my chin with the first shot.

She slid her body slowly upwards along mine, her tongue gathering in
my cum as she moved closer to my face.  Finally her tongue flicked my
chin, grabbing the last drop, and she leaned in to kiss me,
transferring some of my own cum back to me.  I kissed her and took it
all, tasting some of the blood from my nipples mixed in with the
bittersweet juice.  

She undid my hands and picked up her shoes, heading towards the door.
I scrambled to pull on my pants before she got out, but when I left
the bedroom the front door was already hanging open.  I ran to it and
looked along the street but she was nowhere in sight.  I stepped off
of my porch and went to my car, looking as far down the street to the
right and left as I could.  

"Owww! Fuck!"  I had stepped on something in my barefeet and it had
punctured my skin.  I lifted my foot to pull it out and sticking
there, right in the arch, was the labrys earring that I had seen in
her ear.  But she was nowhere to be seen.


	Warren T.
-- 
