Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
From: yat@netcom.com (yat)
Subject: STORY: Lannie 1 (ff incest)
Message-ID: <yatD53qJ4.1os@netcom.com>
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 261-4700 guest)
Date: Wed, 8 Mar 1995 03:18:40 GMT
Lines: 403


Lannie 1


Susan was never quite certain when it started, when the feelings
began to change inside her, when they began to take on the taint of
lust and heat and sexual desire. It happened sometime after her
adolescence, not her own, but her daughter's.
     Susan remember her own adolescence all too well. She
remembered her budding breasts being licked and sucked and fondled
by all too many boys, remembered her cherry being popped,
remembered the many sexual encounters afterwards, the drunken gang-
bangs, the hot, sweaty jousts in the back seats of cars, the guilt
and misery the morning after.
     She remembered it all too well. She was gay, but hadn't known
it then. She'd come from a cold family that seldom, if ever showed
her any love or affection, and she had turned to others for that
affection, to boys, mainly, because that was the acceptable outlet
then.
     She had found her sexual experiences unfulfilling. She liked
the closeness, the kissing and licking and hugging, but didn't like
the lust and excitement that drove the boys into using her so hard,
so fast, and hated their loud tails afterwards.
     She well deserved the title of slut they all awarded her, and
it surprised no one that she became pregnant in her freshman year
in high school. It surprised her even less that when her parents
found out she was severely beaten, stripped naked, then thrown out
the door into the snow.
     She'd spent the next several years in foster homes bringing up
Lannie, her daughter, treating her with all the affection and love
she herself had never received.
     The counsellors had given her strength she hadn't believed she
had, and one in particular, had cleared up much of the confusion in
her life. That was Karen. Karen was a lesbian, and she had
recognized Susan's problem.
     One night, while Lannie slept nearby, she had taken Susan on
the sofa in her office, stripping her body and soul naked and
bringing her to the first orgasm of her life.
     Several times a week Susan and Karen would meet and they would
give pleasure to each other with their fingers and tongues and lips
and bodies. Susan had been astonished at the things Karen did to
her, but had loved every minute of it.
     With Karen she had found that love and pleasure that had long
evaded her. She had had relationships since then, many of them, but
none had been as wonderful as that first one with Karen.
     Karen had taught her a lot about live, too, and about
strength. It was because of Karen that she'd finished high school
and gone on to college. It was because of Karen that she was a
successful businesswoman now, instead of being a welfare mother.
     And perhaps that was one of the reasons why she had developed
this...this terrible desire that she could not shake, one of the
reasons why she continued to argue to herself about the pros and
cons, about what would be or wouldn't be good for Lannie.
     Lannie reminded her of Karen, in her looks, her impudence
towards others, her high spirits, her good natured humour and
practical jokes, and of course, in the love she showed Susan.
     Like Karen, Lannie was a slender athletic girl, her body long
and willowy, yet rounded and feminine. Her breasts were high and
round and full, with tiny pink nipples. Her waist was tiny, her
hips round, her buttocks like an apple.
     She had shining chestnut hair, kept long and straight, and,
like Karen, habitually tied back in a loose pony tail. Her face was
firm, strong, yet softened by wide, deep green eyes and a small
mouth. Her lips were full and pouty, her nose aristocratic.
     There had never been much in the way of secrets between her
and Lannie, and Lannie knew full well her mother's sexual
orientation, and, of course, accepted it as any loving child would.
     But there was one secret, and that was the secret of the
desires that had been building inside Susan since her precious,
sweet little girl had begun to change, to grow into a beautiful
high spirited young woman.
     Living together, just the two of them, there had been little
need of discretion about nudity, and each had seen each other naked
many times, thinking nothing of it.
     They lived together in a two bedroom apartment in the suburbs,
on the top floor of a fifteen story building. Since their apartment
faced west the afternoon sun would stream through the large, floor
to ceiling windows in the living room, and also through the french
doors that led out onto the balcony.
     The balcony could best be described as an open topped box. It
had steel and wood rails on three sides. These were waist high in
front, shoulder high on either side.
     One afternoon Susan had come home early from work and had
caught sight of Lannie out on the balcony. Lannie was naked, which
surprised Susan only a little. Nude sunbathing was the in thing
these days, after all, and there was sufficient privacy out there,
providing Lannie didn't stand up and go to the front railing.
     Even then there were no other buildings close by on this side,
and it was unlikely anyone would see her from below.
     So there was nothing particularly astonishing about Lannie
sunbathing in the nude. In fact, Susan gave a thought to joining
her out there and working on her own tan. She knew Lannie would not
be bothered by her mother seeing her nude, any more than she would
be if Susan went out nude herself.
     But then as she approached the french doors she heard
something she'd never heard before, and as she took in the full
sight of Lannie's body she halted in her steps.
     Lannie was laying on her back on a lounger. Her teenage body
was glistening in the sunlight, coated in slippery suntan oil. Her
long legs were draped across the arms of the lounger, and her head
was back, eyes closed. She grunted softly and moaned low in her
throat as her hands moved over her body.
     Susan swallowed nervously as she saw Lannie stroke her
gleaming breasts, saw her hands caressing the soft flesh, then roll
the nipples between her thumbs and forefingers. Then she watched as
Lannie's hand slid down between her splayed thighs and she stroked
her fingers up and down her slit.
     Despite the girl's age, despite the fact that she was not only
older than Susan had been when she'd begun to have sex with boys,
but older than Susan had been when she'd gotten pregnant, this
undeniable reality that her daughter, her sweet little girl, was in
fact, a sexual creature now, hit her hard.
     She had simply never considered Lannie and sex. Which was
stupid, she told herself then, idiotic. She had never even spoken
to the girl about sex, figuring she'd get it in school.
     So shocked was she that she did not immediately turn and leave
the girl in privacy, but stared, rotted to the floor as Lannie
began to wriggle her fingers down into her pussy, began to pump
them in and out, and began to hump slowly against her fingers.
     Her head rolled and she moaned in pleasure as she squeezed her
breasts with one hand and pumped her pussy with the other. It
was...it was to Susan, and incredibly erotic sight.
     Perhaps it was because Lannie wore dark sunglasses, thus,
partially concealing her face, her identity. Her skin glistened as
she writhed in soft sexual pleasure. Her breasts pushed out hard
and swollen each time she pulled her head back and arched her back.
Her fingers pumped steadily in her lightly furred slit, as her
thumb stroked firmly across her clitoris.
     Catching herself, at last, Susan had retreated, left the
apartment, gone downstairs to the car and driven to the corner
store. There, she had phoned home and told Lannie she was coming
home, asking if there were anything Lannie wanted her to pick up on
the way.
     When she'd gotten home Lannie had been in the shower.
     Since then, however, Susan had not been able to shake the
image of Lannie as a sexually desirable woman. Lannie, knowing
nothing of the torment wracking her mother, continued to act and
dress as she always had. That meant wearing little more than her
underwear sometimes, or even walking naked from the shower to her
room, or out to the kitchen to get a snack.
     And despite the coldly, logical knowledge that it was not
right, the sexual hunger inside began to influence her own
thinking, her own behaviour. She fought it, but it continued to
grow.
     She masturbated at night, thinking about herself and Lannie,
legs intertwined, breasts rolling together, kissing and caressing
each other. 
     She convinced herself that Lannie needed someone mature to
show her the reality about sex, to instruct her on what was and
wasn't good. She needed someone to show her the pleasures of her
own body before some fumble fingered, lust crazed boy fucked her
and convinced her that sex was boring and cold and not at all
pleasurable.
     What did boys know or care about giving girls pleasure? None
of the boys that had fucked Susan had ever taken much time or
effort. All they'd been interested in was satisfying their own
animal lust.
     She began to appear naked around Lannie more than she had
before, and positioned her body in the most favourable, erotic
ways, all very casually. One night she bought sexy, lacy, lingerie,
then modelled it for Lannie.
     Lannie was a bit embarrassed at that, as any teenager would be
at being confronted with the fact that her mother was sexually
active. Noticing this, Susan had talked to her, and they had had
their first full, frank discussion about sex and sexuality.
     Susan had imparted her wisdom abut sex, which was that it was
a wonderful, pleasurable experience providing both partners cared
enough about each other to ensure the other's pleasure. She had
warned Lannie that most boys her age knew little about what would
pleasure a woman.
     Then she had, despite some embarrassment on both sides, told
Lannie how women could be pleasured, so she could someday,
hopefully a long day away, be able to tell if the boy...man, she
was with knew what he was doing.
     Lannie had soon lost her embarrassment as she had listened,
with wide eyes, to her mother explain about sexual technique.
Lannie had explained how the breasts should be treated, how
cunnilingus was performed, and how also to perform fellatio.
     Certainly she'd sucked enough cocks when younger to be able to
instruct in that.
     She'd warned her daughter that boys were blabbermouths, and
that she should never allow herself to be forced into doing
anything she didn't want.
     Lannie had gotten aroused at the talk. Susan could tell from
her flushed face, and the way her nipples pushed out erect against
her thin shirt. But Susan had made no attempt at seduction.
     Then, a week or so later, she'd come home early on a sunny
day, hoping to catch Lannie again. As she'd hoped, Lannie was out
on the balcony nude. She was not, however masturbating. She lay on
the floor of the balcony, on a towel.
     "Hi," Susan said, going to the french doors.
     "Hi, mom," Lannie said, smiling up at her.
     "You sure look comfortable. I think I'll join you."
     "It's gorgeous out," Lannie nodded.
     Shaking a little, and still arguing in her mind, Susan had
gone to her room and stripped. She'd gotten a towel and glass of
water, then gone back out to the living room, then stepped out onto
the balcony.
     The balcony was narrow, and the waist high rail blocked the
sun from most of it. There was only one long, narrow patch of
sunlight to lie in. Susan needed no excuse then, to set her towel
down right beside Lannie's, and to sit down inches from her
daughter.
     She picked up the bottle of suntan oil Lannie was using. It
was her own oil, since Lannie always borrowed it. It was also
edible oil. She'd bought edible oil with someone other than Lannie
in mind, but right now it would, she hoped, come in very handy.
     She oiled her breasts and chest, and legs and groin, then,
laying down quickly to hide her erect nipples, asked Lannie to oil
her back. Naturally she complied.
     They lay together in comfortable silence for a while,
comfortable for Lannie, anyway. Susan was gripped by turmoil and
lust.
     Lannie turned on her stomach, totally unaware, as she read a
fashion magazine, of her mother's eyes gazing appreciatively at her
firm round buttocks. And when she'd commented on something in the
magazine, and Susan had eased over, and her naked breast had
pressed down firmly on Lannie's shoulder, she'd thought nothing of
it.
     "Lannie? Can I ask you something personal?"
"Sure, mom," she shrugged, not taking her eyes off her magazine.
     "You know we were talking about sex last week."
     "So?"
     "You know...something about when I was a girl."
     "That you slept around?"
     "Sort of."
     "So?"
     "Well, I was wondering about you. We didn't get into what
you...about whether you were sexually active when we talked last
week. I know it's not really my business but..."
     "Well, uhm...I...maybe a little," Lannie said uncomfortably.
     "Are you a virgin?"
     "Yeah," Lannie sighed. "I've been...kind of afraid to try sex,
I mean, intercourse."
     "Why?"
     "Well, it's supposed to hurt, for one thing."
     "You remember what I told you..."
     "Yeah, I know, that it hurt because the boys are too stupid to
take things slow. It makes a lot of sense."
     "How far have you gone?"
     Lannie wasn't really embarrassed at this conversation. After
all, she and her mother were so close in age that they often acted
more like sisters than mother and daughter. A lot of people who saw
them together thought they WERE sisters. They looked very similar.
They had the same features, were about the same height, had the
same builds, and the same hair color. The major difference was that
Susan had short hair.
     "I've...given blow jobs," Lannie confessed, her face reddening
just a bit.
     "And hand jobs?"
     "Yeah," Lannie said, making a face. 
Susan chuckled a little. "I always hated giving hand jobs. They
were so messy. You never knew where the stuff was going to land."
     "Yeah," Lannie laughed.
     "Has any guy eaten you out yet?"
Lannie was surprised at the common language, but not offended or
particularly embarrassed at it.
     "Not really," she sighed. "Guys think it's unmanly or
something."
     "The next time one of them wants a blow job, you tell them he
has to eat your pussy first," Susan said. "Believe me, guys will do
almost anything for sex."
     "They probably wouldn't do it right anyway."
     "Well, that's why I told you how it was done. You can show
them how to do it. Every woman they date will thank you."
     Susan then described an episode in her own girlhood when she'd
sucked two boys off at the same time. Lannie listened in wide-eyed
amazement as Susan talked about having two erect cocks in her mouth
at the same time.
     "God!" was her only comment as she listened.
     From there it seemed only natural to talk about eating pussy.
Susan told her about Karen, about that first time together when
Karen had helped her explore her own body, had masturbated her to
orgasms, then eaten her out, nearly driving her wild with passion
and pleasure.
     She was not sure what Lannie thought of the story, though she
listened attentively. She would have been pleased had she known how
excited Lannie was becoming at the sexual tales. She would have
been even happier if she knew that Lannie was thinking that she
really should, if the opportunity presented itself, experiment a
little with a girl herself.
     "You need some more oil," Susan noted.
     "Oh? Yeah, I guess," Lannie said. "This stuff you buy dries
out too quickly, you know."
     "It's because it's vegetable based. That means it doesn't
stain, though." She didn't add that it was also edible.
     She picked up the bottle and poured some on Lannie's back,
getting to her knees beside the girl and working her fingers slowly
into the teenager's soft, warm flesh. She continued to talk about
herself and Karen, speaking softly and quietly about the various
sexual episodes they had undergone.
     Lannie listened raptly.
     Susan ran her hands up and down Lannie's shoulders and upper
back, then down to her lower back. She oiled up the sides of her
chest and waist, occasionally brushing the tips of her fingers
against the sides of her daughter's breasts.
     She worked her hands lower, and, very casually, picked up the
squeeze bottle. She pointed it at the crack between Lannie's
buttocks and let a soft stream of oil hit there, then watched it
trickle down the crack and between the soft, pouting pussy lips
below.
     She ran her hands over the top of Lannie's buttocks as she
continued to speak low and hypnotically about a time she and Karen
had made love at a secluded beach. She felt Lannie's body stiffen
as her hands gently kneaded her buttocks, but the girl made no
attempt to halt her.
     She worked over her buttocks, then oiled her legs, softly
pulling her legs apart to caress and oil the insides of her thighs.
She had stopped talking, but Lannie didn't say anything.
     Her hands stroked gently on Lannie's thighs, just below her
pussy, then up along her buttocks again, up her spine and over her
back. She felt Lannie's heart pounding inside her, and knew the
girl was not unaware of the sexual possibilities, the sexual
tension that existed between them.
     She ran her hand down her daughter's back, straight down her
spine to her tailbone, down between her buttocks, and curling over
to her left thigh just below her pussy mound. Her thumb slid across
her pussy ever so lightly, and Lannie gasped softly.
     Susan's heart was in her throat and her own heart was pounding
madly. Her pussy was drooling and boiling with heat as she stroked
her hands over Lannie's body.
     Unable to resist any more, she slid her hand down Lannie's ass
crack and then directly over her pussy mound. She rubbed the flat
of her hand up and down the girl's cunt mound, stroking with more
and more pressure as Lannie trembled lightly.
     "Does that feel good?" she asked in a low, gravelly voice.
"Y...y...yes," Lannie whispered.
Susan's heart rejoiced and she continued to rub up and down
Lannie's cunt mound. She pressed harder with her middle fingers,
letting them sink slowly in between her daughter's pussy lips and
ride along her glistening pink flesh.
     Lannie moaned weakly, and Susan found her pussy hole and slid
two fingers in to the knuckles. She pumped them in and out as
Lannie began to twitch and jerk below her. She pulled her fingers
out and found the girl's clitoris, hard and steaming.
     She thrust her thumb into Lannie's cunt tunnel and then
squeezed her clitty between her fingers and thumb. She rubbed and
rolled it between them as Lannie's breathing became louder and
harsher, more ragged and excited.
     Lannie was soon panting and moaning as the pleasure inside her
mounted to the boiling point. Her arms were folded below her, and
her face was buried in them. But her legs were wide, wide apart as
Susan carefully, and expertly rubbed and rolled her hot little
clitty.
     "Uuuuuuuuuuuuunngggghhhhhhhh!" Lannie groaned, her body
getting stiff and taut, then vibrating like a plucked piano wire.
     Susan rubbed her pussy harshly as the girl came, knowing well
how to increase the force and length of a girl's orgasm. She felt
a great surge of love and pleasure and pride as she made her
daughter climax, as she watched her body shaking and heard her
moans of pleasure.
     Then Lannie went limp and she softened her movements. She
pulled her hands away, then gently rolled the girl over onto her
back. Lannie looked up at her with a mixture of embarrassment and
desire. Susan smiled reassuringly.
     She slid her hands up and down Lannie's thighs, then shifted
between her legs. She gripped her daughter's legs and lifted them,
pulling them wide open, then setting them down again. Lannie
swallowed nervously as she watched.
     Susan slid forward over Lannie's body, not touching her at
first. She was on her knees, her elbows on the towel on either side
of Lannie's waist. She smiled seductively at the wide-eyed
teenager, then gazed down at her long, erect nipples.
     She eased herself lower, her hands stroking the sides of
Lannie's breasts, pushing them inwards, mashing the flesh together.
She bent and let her tongue flick over her right nipple, then
closed her lips over it and sucked gently.
     She sucked the nipple and surrounding flesh into her mouth and
worked it over with her tongue and lips as she sucked. Her hands
kneaded the girl's breast meat as she carefully manipulated the
hard little nipple in her mouth, rolling it and gnawing lightly
with her teeth, blowing, then sucking, then wriggling her tongue
over it.
     She shifted to her other nipple, and worked that over too,
pinching and rubbing and rolling it, spending long minutes making
love to Lannie's breasts and nipples until Lannie started panting
and moaning again, her head flat, eyes staring up at the sky above.
     Susan allowed her won full, slick breasts to press firmly
against Lannie's belly, then rubbed them up and down firmly as she
sucked on Lannie's nipples. She slowly trailed her tongue down off
the hard, sparkling breasts, twisting across the girl's belly.
     She circled her belly button several times, then eased down
towards her pussy. Her hands slid down Lannie's flanks, stroking
and caressing, then as Susan's tongue entered Lannie's tangle of
pubic hair, she saw the girl's head draw back under her as her back
arched.
     Susan jammed her hand into the girl's crotch and rubbed
Lannie's pussy furiously s the teenager grunted helplessly and
bucked her hips upwards in the midst of an orgasmic storm.
     "Oh! Oh God! Ohhh! Ungh! UuuuunngghhHH!" Lannie gasped in a
choked voice. Her arms jerked straight up above her and she heaved
her chest up, thrusting her breasts out.
     Susan stared in wide-eyed delight at the gloriously erotic
sight. She sawed her fingers across Lannie's clit as the girl came,
revelling in the pleasure her daughter was feeling.
     Then Lannie went limp again, chest heaving, mouth slack, eyes
closed.

-- 

--
 "Now I know how Joan of Arc felt
  As the flames rose to her Roman nose
  And her walkman started to melt"
			The Smiths

Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories,alt.sex.incest
From: yat@netcom.com (yat)
Subject: STORY: Lannie 2 (ff incest)
Message-ID: <yatD53qKp.1s8@netcom.com>
Organization: NETCOM On-line Communication Services (408 261-4700 guest)
Date: Wed, 8 Mar 1995 03:19:36 GMT
Lines: 456


Lannie 2


     Susan smiled, and slid her tongue back up Lannie's body,
crawling up as well, letting her own breasts slide along her
daughter's abdomen, then over her belly, then, up over her chest.
     She knelt over the girl, pressing her breasts against
Lannie's, rubbing them back and forth, then from side to side,
making the soft, malleable tit flesh roll and mash down on Lannie's
own soft orbs.
     She slid down again, grasping Lannie's tits in her hands and
squeezing them upwards as she attacked them with more passion. She
opened her mouth wide and clamped it down on one big chunk of tit
meat, sucking it into her mouth along with the nipple it
surrounded. She chewed and sucked and gnawed on it as Lannie moaned
and writhed below her.
     "OOhhhhhhh! Moooooooom," she groaned, pushing feebly at
Susan's face. "Nooo," she panted. Her breasts were so hot, so hard,
she was afraid they were going to explode. Her nipples were already
stinging like glass shards were embedded in them, burning like live
coals were atop them. She'd never imagined her breasts could be so
hard, so swollen, the flesh so taut across them.
     Her breasts bubbled and boiled, sending hot, flashing lust
through her chest, making her gasp and cough as it surrounded her
lungs and choked off her breath.
     But Susan ignored her, mashing the fat breasts together,
plumping them up and out, biting and chewing on first one, then the
other, fingers digging deep furrows in the soft, white skin.
     Susan settled over her daughter, hot flesh laying down on hot
flesh. She rubbed and ground her body against Lannie, rolling her
breasts below her into Lannie's lower chest and upper belly. She
slid her right leg over and between Lannie's thighs, rubbing it up
and down against the girl's exposed cunt slid.
     Lannie was soon breathing in harsh, ragged gasps again,
moaning and groaning as she rolled her head in sexual torpor.
     Susan slid down the girl's body until she was sitting on her
heels between her thighs. She was bent over so that her breasts
were crushed into her own thighs as she gazed at her daughter's
cunt opening.
     She caressed the girl's trembling thighs, then slid her thumbs
into the soft, tight pussy cleft and gently peeled her open. She
pulled wider and wider, opening her up like a flower, displaying
the gleaming pink flesh inside, the hard little hooded clit, and
the soft, round, dark little hole that led up into Lannie's belly.
     She licked her lips in hunger, then leaned in and let her
tongue slid up and down the pink flesh.
     Karen had taught her one trick she hadn't yet mentioned to
Lannie. She had taught her how to exercise her tongue so that she
could push it out further and further. Susan could touch the tip of
her nose with her tongue, but that wasn't what she had used the
ability for over the years.
     She showed Lannie now, pressing her tongue against the
teenager's hole and wriggling it down into the spasming little
opening. She twisted and twined it in her daughter's fuck hole,
scooping out hot, tasty fuck honey, the warm cunt milk that her
daughter was exuding in such delicious amounts.
     She pumped her tongue up and down in Lannie's cunt as the girl
moaned and humped up against her. She felt Lannie's hands on her
head, pushing down instinctively. She smiled inwardly, then pumped
her tongue faster. She pulled it out then slid it up over Lannie's
clit.
     Lannie gasped in shocked pleasure as her mother's tongue
slithered up and down across her clit. She felt her fingers
exposing the hot little fuck button, then felt her lips close
around it and suck. Her tongue continued to wriggle eagerly across
the hot button as her mother sucked.
     Lannie felt her heaving body began to burn upwards again
towards another orgasm. She panted for breath, hands jerking down
beside her waist, curling into tight fists as she stared upwards.
     Then a towering wave of sexual pleasure roared over her and
drowned her in it's deep, all encompassing ecstasy. She cried out
in glorious pleasure, her back arching, her ass bouncing on the
floor of the balcony as her cunt blasted a deep, steaming froth of
boiling sexual heat up into her guts.
     In the midst of it she felt herself pierced, felt her mother's
oily fingers thrust up into her pussy, one, then two, then three,
pumping savagely s she bounced and jerked and shook in the grip of
the massive sexual storm. She cried out again, shuddering and
trembling as another powerful blast wave of pleasure rocked her.
     Then she groaned in exhaustion as she sank back down out of
the climax.
     Susan smiled and slid up Lannie's body, her own flesh
caressing the soft oiled girlflesh below. She pressed her breasts
against Lannie's and stared down into the girl's face. Lannie
looked up wearily, and Susan smiled.
     She slid a hand below the teen's head and lifted it up, then
kissed her, not as a mother, but as a lover. Her lips slid softly
over Lannie's as her tongue probed against her lips. She slid her
tongue inside the girl's mouth and mashed her lips down.
     Lannie responded instinctively, and their lips caressed each
other in a soft, warm, loving embrace. Susan stroked her daughter's
body, letting her hands move softly, lightly. She slid her hand
around her daughter's body, then rolled back, pulling Lannie with
her.
     Lannie found herself laying atop her mother's body, looking
down into her mother's face. She gulped anxiously as she realized
what was expected of her. Yet she also felt excitement at the
challenge, at the eroticism of the act.
     She was still breathing heavily, but now she moved her own
hands onto her mother's body for the first time, at least
consciously. She gazed down at Susan's breast as her hand closed
over it, watching the flesh bulge upwards as she squeezed.
     She'd never touched another's breasts, and was intrigued as
she worked her fingers into the soft meat. She bent and licked over
the nipple. It was much bigger than her own, which she found
fascinating. She sucked on it, trying to copy what her mother had
done to her own pink nipples.
     She squeezed both her mother's breasts as she licked and
sucked on first one, then the other. She pinched them teasingly,
then pulled them upwards, only to let them fall back. She chewed
softly, her teeth gnawing at the sensitive flesh as her tongue
lapped hungrily.
     But Susan was too hot to just lay there through a long tongue
bath. Licking and sucking her daughter to orgasms had excited her
to a fever pitch, and she needed much more. She gripped Lannie's
hand and shoved it desperately down between her legs, rubbing at
her cunt.
     "Oh!" she gasped. "Oh yes!" Oh, honey! Ohhh!"
     Lannie rubbed at her mother's cunt pad as she watched and felt
her mother jerk and shake. She knew she was approaching orgasm, and
looked at her, entranced, as Susan began to jerk and shake and moan
in passionate release.
     Lannie rubbed inexpertly at her mother's slit, stroking her
fingers hard over the cunt slit, over her clitty, rubbing her,
masturbating her, as she did herself. Her mother's body jerked and
heaved upwards against her as Lannie rubbed her clit, then went
still.
     "Did you come?" she asked excitedly.
     "OOhhhhhh," Susan moaned, letting her hands caress her
daughter's head and face.
     Lannie slid lower, excited again herself. She tongued at her
mother's belly button, then eased lower, gazing directly into her
mother's slit, into the opening she herself had emerged from. She
pried her mother's cunt lips open and licked her lips nervously as
she stared at the revealed flesh.
     Then she began to lick her tongue up and down the pink flesh,
lapping excitedly at the clitty, sucking and kissing it. She felt
a hot stab of lust as she slid a finger into her mother's cunt
tunnel and felt it squeezing hotly down on the digit. She slid in
another, pumping them in and out as she licked at the clitty.
     She heard her mother groan and whine and whimper in pleasure,
then felt her ass starting to grind into the balcony. Susan began
to buck up against her and Lannie redoubled her actions, slurping
and licking and sucking on her mother's clitty as she fucked her
fingers down into her cunt tunnel.
     She remembered something, then, something from a porno film
she had seen once on cable. Excitedly she shifted her body around
until she was kneeing over her mother's face, then eased down,
licking at her mother's cunt a she lowered her pussy over her
mother's face.
     She sighed happily as her mother gripped her ass cheeks and
then began to lick at her snatch. She responded at once, licking at
her mother's pussy, lapping and sucking hungrily as she grunted and
moaned in pleasure.
     She rubbed her face into her mother's pussy, stroking the pink
flesh with her chin and lips and nose. Her tongue jammed down into
the hot little fuck hole as she tasted her mother's cunt milk. She
came again, bouncing on her mother's body, groaning and whining in
heat and passion as she jammed her cunt down on her mother's
tongue.
     Then it was her mother's turn to come again, jerking and
humping as Lannie ate her out.
     After that they lay in each other's arms, softly stroking each
other, exchanging long, moist kisses, their tongues sliding back
and forth.
     Finally, Susan sat up, pushing Lannie away. She ran a hand
through her own hair and blinked up at the sunlight.
     "We should get in before we get burned," she said.
     Lannie sighed softly in response.
     Susan reached down and gripped her wrist, pulling the limp
girl up to a sitting position. Lannie groaned, then pushed herself
up and, hand in hand, the two naked women walked back into the
apartment.

     Susan was, naturally, delighted at how things had gone. It was
her hope that she would be able to persuade Lannie of the benefits
and advantages of lesbian lust, perhaps even convince her not to
waste her time on boys.
     Their relationship had gone a subtle change. In Susan's mind
Lannie was now both daughter and lover, a lush, sweet, sexually
desirable woman who just happened to also be her sweet little girl,
in need of motherly protection.
     For Lannie things were more complicated. Her mother had long
been something of a friend, offering advice more than giving
orders. Now, after their lovemaking, she believed herself more
equal than she had before. She was proud of herself being able to
make her mother cum, and thought that gave her certain rights she
didn't have before.
     She was surprised at how much pleasure she herself had gotten
from the sex, and knew that it would not be the last time she
engaged in lesbian love. She still had a deep curiosity about male-
female sex, but the urgency to lose her virginity was somewhat
lessened now.
     Now she could experiment and have wonderful sex, without the
worries and fears of what boys would think of her, what they would
say behind her back, who they would tell. She trusted her mother
completely, and felt safe and free of worry in her arms.
     She felt no embarrassment at what they had done together, no
guilt. After all, her mother had initiated it, and obviously her
mother wouldn't have done anything that was really wrong. Both had
enjoyed it immensely, and though she knew that others would
strongly disapprove, she also knew they would never find out.
     She knew what they'd done was...well, very, very kinky, but
that only excited her. She was surprised at herself, that she'd
done something such a...perverted act of sex It was perverted, she
told herself. Everyone would say so.
     "You what?" Darla would gape. "You had sex with your
MOTHER?!!"
     Lannie giggled just thinking about it, about telling Darla or
Shelly how she'd sucked her mother's cunt, and how her mother had
sucked her off.
     It made her skin break out in goosebumps, and made her face
flush. It excited her, aroused her. She'd done something dirty. She
was a wicked, sex fiend!
     It made her feel hot to be so wicked, and when she walked
around the next day at school, she was exquisitely aware of how
sexy she was, how sensual she felt.
     Under her tight jeans and the button down red top that was
cropped off just below the breasts, she wore her only really sexy
lingerie, black lace french bra and string bikini panties. She'd
bought them, with much embarrassment, for her first lover.
     She'd had no idea, of course, that her first lover would be a
woman, let alone her mother.
     She wore them today because it helped her feel even sexier and
more desirable. She was aware of every male eye that turned her
way, and shivered a little as she imagined, with new insight, what
they were thinking when they watched her. They all wanted to fuck
her, to push their big cocks into her pussy.
     Well, they'd just have to wait. Mom was right. Having sex with
them would probably be a short and unhappy experience. It would
hurt, and they'd blab to their friends. She could take out her
sexual lusts with mom for the time being.
     For the first time ever she was also aware of the girls when
they looked at her. She knew, from her own experience, that when
girls looked at girls it was mostly just checking out the
opposition. She always watched what the other girls were wearing,
after all, and how their hair looked, and what kind of makeup they
had on.
     But now, she wondered if any of them were looking at her like
the boys were. Some of them must be gay, after all. Were some of
them thinking about how they'd like to lick her and suck her? She'd
never thought of that before, but now she tried to imagine herself
having sex with...Amber, say, or Blair, or maybe Sara.
     Were any of them gay? She didn't think so. They all dated,
like she did. None had ever approached her with any hints of sex.
She wondered if they'd be willing to consider hints from her.
     No. That was far too dangerous. If she came on to a girl and
the girl told people... No, she didn't dare, not unless she was
sure of the other girl. She would be on the lookout for some girl
coming on to her, though.
     In the meantime, she moved from class to class, aware that
many male eyes and some female eyes, focused in on her with lust,
and that her body was hot, and seductive, and sexy, and that others
wanted her.
     It turned her on, and made her pussy tingle. She felt a moist
heaviness between her legs.
     So by the time school was over and she made her way home she
was feeling very aroused. Her Mom was not home yet, but Lannie
wasn't going to wait hours to relieve the heat between her legs.
     She stripped naked in front of the big mirror in her room,
then posed and preened. She put her hands behind her head and
arched her back, sliding her tongue back and forth over her lips as
she looked at herself. She turned sideways, then turned her back on
the mirror, bending over and spreading her legs.
     She had a great ass, she decided, a sexy ass.
     She spread her legs and bent over more, gazing at the tight
slit between her legs. She slid a hand between her legs and rubbed
two fingers up and down along the slit, then drove them up into
herself. She grunted softly a she pumped her fingers in her pussy.
She was already very wet inside, had been wet most of the day.
     Her fingers moved easily in her pussy opening, gliding in and
out of her soft, tight, warm cunt tunnel, sawing back and forth
against her little clit bud.
     She straightened up and turned around, her eyes hot and
excited as she stared at her nude body. She stroked her hands up
and down over her silky flesh, cupping her breasts, squeezing and
kneading them, pinching and rolling her hard pink nipples.
     "Slut," she whispered. "Dirty lesbian whore."
The words excited her and she slid a hand down between her legs,
stroking her clitty again. She had never watched herself come, and
the idea suddenly seemed very attractive.
     She stepped right up to the edge of the dresser, then changed
her mind and moved away. she walked down the hall to her mother's
room and went in. Her mother had a large, floor to ceiling mirror
on the inside of her door, with bright lights around it. She could
see herself much better in that.
     She paused, then searched through her mother's drawer and
pulled out some of the sexy lingerie she'd showed off a few days
back. They were much the same size, though her mother was a cup
smaller, being a thirty-six C instead of a thirty-six-D.
     She drew on the black lace teddy, pulling it up her legs, then
drawing the straps over her shoulders. It was very tight across her
breasts, but as she turned and stared at herself in the mirror, she
let out a small groan of pleasure.
     She looked so hot!
     The teddy was gauzy and sheer, and she could see her hard pink
nipples easily, as well as the small bush between her legs. The
teddy was very high cut, both in front and in back, and she turned
and posed again and again, her face flushed happily as she admired
herself.
     She stripped at last, then drew on what her mother called a
merry widow outfit. This consisted of a lacy black bustier, even
more transparent than the bra she'd worn today, a matching garter
belt and garters, long lacy black stockings, and a G-string.
     She also found, and put on, a pair of high, black, spiked
heels. The heels were far higher than she would have ever dared
wear to school or to a dance, or to anywhere else, for that matter.
They were what the guys called. "fuck me" shoes, because of the way
a girl's ass looked when she wore it.
     Now, as she posed for the mirror, with nothing over her ass
except the thin strap of the G-string running down between her
cheeks, Lannie could understand why they called it that.
     She loved the way she looked, loved the way she felt, loved
the way the bustier squeezed her ribs and her tits, shoving her
already good sized mounds up and out. Why, half her breasts were
bared as she moved around in the sexy garment.
     There was a clap of thunder, and she went to the window and
looked out. The sky had gotten very dark, and it looked like it was
getting ready to rain any second. Then it did, the rain pouring
down and catching some people unawares.
     She looked out in disappointment. She had just been getting
the idea that she'd like to go outside in these, to walk around
without anyone knowing what she wore beneath her clothes. She
thought that would be very sexy.
     Then she swallowed as a bolt hit her, a sudden wild thought
that made her pussy burn.
     She couldn't go out in these shoes, of course, whether it was
raining or not. She unbuckled them then took them off. She then
eyed the long, lacy stockings. Her mother would kill her if she got
them wet and ruined them.
     She rolled them down and put them away.
     Without them, of course, there was no point in wearing the
garter belt, so she unclipped it and put it back too. Then,
deciding that naked was even sexier than the bustier and G-string,
she stripped off completely.
     She hurried out of the room and went to the front closet.
There she found her rubber boots and put them on, then pulled down
her raincoat. The raincoat zipped up the front, and fell to about
six inches above the knees. She pulled it on and zipped it up, then
got her keys and left.
     She took the elevator downstairs with a middle aged man, a man
who had no idea she was completely naked below her raincoat. Lannie
couldn't help rubbing her thighs together discretely as the
elevator moved.
     She got out in the lobby, then went to the front doors, and
out. She flipped up the hood and went out into the rain, enjoying
the way it pelted down onto the hood and against her raincoat.
     She was cool beneath it, of course, at least, her skin was. It
didn't chill her, though, because she was too aroused, her blood
moving too fast. She walked down the street towards the small mall
on the corner. There would be people there.
     She reached the mall, and went into the Seven-Eleven. She
walked along the aisles. There were many people there, moving
around, buying things. None knew she was nude. She saw a guy at the
magazine rack looking at a dirty magazine, and had the almost
irresistible urge to open her coat and show him the real thing.
     "Hey, Lannie."
She whirled and saw Mike Moore and Amy Phillips.
     "Hi," she said, her heart pounding.
     "Crummy day, huh?" Amy said.
     "Oh, I kind of like the rain sometimes," Lannie said.
     "Yeah, well, if you're wearing a raincoat, it's okay," Mike
said sourly. He only had a t-shirt, and his hair was soaked.
     "Be prepared," Lannie said. "I should've been a girl scout."
     She talked to them for another couple of minutes, both excited
and afraid. After all, if they found out she was naked the whole
school would know. Her name would be mud! Everyone would think she
was a nympho.
     She left then, sauntering a little. Instead of heading
straight home she turned down the street. There was a field that
ran behind her block, one that she sometimes walked through on her
way to Elm street, where the bus was.
     Thunder cracked again, and lightning lanced across the skies
as the rain poured down. She walked to the edge of the field, then
turned in, walking along the path that led alongside the houses.
     To her left was the waist high grass, then, a hundred yards or
so away, there was a line of trees. On her right, about twenty-five
yards away, were the fences that blocked the backs of people's
yards.
     She walked about fifty yards up the path, then came to the
cross path. This one led off into the grass, a wider path that led
to Bank street where the elementary school was, and where there
were several much larger malls.
     She turned onto that path. Now there was nothing but grass on
both sides for a considerable distance, and nothing she could see
ahead but trees and grass. She unzipped her coat and let it fall
open, her heat increasing as the rain fell on her bare skin.
     She eased her coat wider, baring her breasts as she walked.
She trembled with excitement.
     She passed a low gully then, leading down from the path. There
were a number of trees here, and a narrow brook that was moving
faster as the rain continued. This was an area she always worried
about when she used this path, because some strange man could hide
there and pounce on her when she was alone.
     Now, feeling more excited than ever, she made her way
carefully down into the gully. She took the raincoat off completely
and walked nude in amongst the trees. Her head jerked from side to
side as she looked around anxiously, but there was nobody in sight.
     The rain spattered against her swollen breasts and dripped
down off her nipples. It ran in fast rivulets down her silky flesh
to her thighs, then down between her pussy lips.
     She found a clear spot, where the rain fell unobstructed, then
set down the raincoat. She sat down, then lay back and spread her
legs wide, reaching above her. She arched her back and let the rain
beat down on her naked flesh, straining the tendons in her thighs
as she pulled her legs as wide apart as possible.
     She closed her eyes briefly, imagining a crowd of men coming
upon her like this. Then she began to run her legs over her body.
She opened her eyes and stared down at herself a she stroked her
breasts and squeezed them. She slid her hands down between her legs
and began rubbing her pussy, her chest heaving as the excitement
made her heart pound.
     If a man came along, she decided, she would offer no
resistance, no matter what he looked like, even if he was a dirty,
fat old bum. She would lay there and let him fuck her.
     She imagined an ugly old man coming upon her there as she
jerked off, imagined his cock getting hard, imagined him jumping
atop her and thrusting it into her cunny.
     Maybe it would be a handsome guy her own age, she thought,
fantasising about that as she rubbed her clitty.
     Maybe it would be two guys, or three, or four. They would jump
on her, stripping off their clothes as they surrounded her and
groped and fondled her naked flesh. Their cocks would pump into her
excitedly as they grunted in pleasure.
     She grunted herself, humping up as her fingers drove into her
pussy slit.
     Panting, she sat up and took off her boots. She rolled off her
coat and let her skin press into the grass and leaves. She turned
over and spread her arms and legs, grinding her hips against the
ground, humping her ass up and down.
     She rolled over again, then, her head buzzing, she stood up
and walked around, stroking herself, letting her feet move through
the grass. She walked over to the brook and stepped into it,
shivering a little as the water lapped at her ankles.
     She walked into the middle of the brook, then sat down, she
laid back, letting the water rush by her, then spread her legs and
stuffed her fingers into her slot. She pumped furiously as the rain
fell and the water rushed by, grunting and moaning and whimpering
as the come blasted into her.
     She shuddered violently, her ass bouncing up and down in the
water, her cunt spasming and shaking and sucking on her fingers a
she rammed them into her slit and ground her thumb down on her
clitty.
     The fire burned inside her, ripping up and down her spine as
the pleasure shook her to the core of her being. She arched her
back, her chest rising higher and higher, her back aching as she
pulled her head back into the water.
     Then she fell limp, her arms and legs wide, the water lapping
over her body as she moaned in exhaustion.

-- 

--
 "Now I know how Joan of Arc felt
  As the flames rose to her Roman nose
  And her walkman started to melt"
			The Smiths

