			  LATRINE DUTY



Staring at his feet, morosely swabbing the floor at the far wall of
the of the latrine trying not to breathe through his nose the sickly
sweet stench of industrial strength disinfectant clings roughly to the
back of his throat.  His rectum finally recovered from the reaming it
took his first night in camp he moves sluggishly having lain sleepless
for the past three nights; each day in the mess-hall his attackers
have promised a return visit, but they have yet to make good on that
promise.

Too tired to react quickly he sees a foot snake out, tip the metal
mop-bucket over.  Filthy soapy water sloshes over his feet soaking
into his sneakers running through the slick wood floorboards; the
overwhelming smell of pine disinfectant rising up from his feet makes
him gag.  A pair of hands grab him roughly by the front of his
t-shirt, slam him backwards against the wooden wall with a dull thud.
He moves instinctively to raise the mop handle in defense, but the
hands of the boy towering over him grab the mop wrench it from his
hands tossing it casually aside, smiling, slamming him effortlessly
back into the wall.

"Randy says you give _excellent_ head."  Smiling.

His stomach is in his mouth, he feels the bile rise, looks wildly past
the boy trapping him in the far end of the latrine.  He sees Randy,
another boy he recognizes as one of the baseball jocks, leaning
against the row of sinks near the door, smirking.  He twitches
nervously, his eyes drawn to the noticable bulge in Randy's jeans.

"Colin!" he yelps the name of their counselor but the boy in front of
him closes in, grinning down into his face.

 "Counselor ain't here, pussy.  It's quiet hour.  Probably trying to
score with the nurse."

Large hands grab the tops of his shoulders, push him relentlessly to
his knees.

"Blow me, faggot."

He screws his eyes shut, kneeling in the filthy soapy water spilled
from the bucket, his arms at his side, his lips pressed tightly shut
he hears the unmistakable sound of a zipper.  A smack across the side
of his head sends him reeling, he raises his hands to protect his
head, is kneed in the stomach.  Clutching at his gut blows rain down
on him from all directions until he feels a hand in his hair.  He
reaches up to clutch at the hand, trying not to shriek at the pain,
his eyes still squeezed tightly shut desperately avoiding the sight of
the penis he knows is dangling in front of his face."

"Blow me you goddamn faggot, unless you wanna take it up your ass
instead?"

His mind careens at the mere mention of sodomy, tears roll down the
sides of his face.  He whimpers, opens his eyes to the sight of a hard
fat penis oozing pre-cum, cannot bear to voluntarily take this strange
boy's penis in his mouth, cannot bear to actively suck on it...

He sees a hand reach out to grab at his shoulder and lift him to his
feet; terrified of another butt-fucking he opens his mouth and lunges
forward onto the cock before him.  He licks clumsily, gagging as the
boy grabs his hair and thrusts into his face he hears the boy moaning
appreciatively, feels a bulging cock head pressing against the back of
his throat.  He doesn't know what to do with his hands, instinct makes
him press them against his attacker's legs as he feels the cock thrust
down into his throat harder and more insistently blocking his air
passage he cannot breathe panicking now struggling instinctively.

A familiar sickening slimy wetness spreads at the back of his throat,
the bludgeoning penis is withdrawn from his face, the major volume of
sperm sprayed into his hair, some in his face he flinches, hears
laughter, feels a thick gob of warm wet jism sliding down his cheek.

"Fuckin' hose the pansy down goddamn!"

Randy.

He is coughing, doubled over spitting semen onto the latrine floor,
wiping it from his face, only vaguely aware that the first boy has
pulled up his pants and moved back to the look-out position, replaced
by Randy's baseball pal.

He kneels up, sees the boy standing over him dick in hand waiting
expectantly for his blow-job.

"Well, asshole?"

Unable to envision an escape from the afternoon's ordeal he lurches
forward sucking the boy's penis into his mouth he pulls back, sliding
his mouth along the length rolling his tongue around the head, slowly,
instinctively, somehow dimly aware that if he actively sucks the boy
he has more control, won't be strangled, he bobs his head up and down
along the rubbery flesh this boy's penis is shorter and thinner than
the first boy's he uses his hands to squeeze the boy's balls hoping it
will make him come sooner, get it over with faster.

His instincts are good; after only a few long minutes of attention,
the penis in his mouth is squirting semen the boy is moaning and
clutching at his cum-spattered hair humping into his face, he feels
the softening penis sliding wetly against the roof of his mouth, hears
Randy and the other boy offering encouragement from where they stand
guard to their friend lost in the throes of ecstasy.

The penis is withdrawn from his mouth, more semen coughed up, spit
onto the floor, offered up at the feet of his second attacker.

"Man you gotta learn to swallow, your mother says my jizz is _tasty_!"

He is still kneeling and spitting, hearing the laughter echo about the
small building as Randy approaches.  He looks into the face hovering
over him, his eyes black with hatred.  Randy smiles.

"You know you love it."

He kneels, not moving, still glaring.

"Get up."

He stands uncertainly, wobbling slightly, his jeans are soaked, his
sneakers grey and soggy, cum is still matted in his hair his face is
red from crying and choking.

Randy moves forward and grabs him around the neck with one arm,
pulling him toward the nearest stall; it gives some privacy for what
passes for toilet facilities: an enclosed platform with an oval hole
cut in it poised over a pit in the ground, the fetid odor of shit and
piss covered with campfire ashes and Lysol wafting up from within.

He struggles furiously as he realizes his bunk-mate's intentions,
scuffling and slipping on the slimy wooden floor he is not much
smaller than Randy but he is not at all athleticly inclined, and the
larger of Randy's friends, the first boy, the one with the big dick,
joins the fray; together they manage to drag him into the stall;
they've bent him double and stuffed his head down through the
seat-hole, he is staring down into the dark vile pit of human waste
puking up lunch and choking on bile as he feels a meaty fist dig into
his side.

Pain explodes on impact, radiates outward, hands are tearing at his
jeans, reaching around to pull at his belt, there is almost no gap
between the time his jeans and underwear are yanked down around his
thighs and a penis -- he assumes it is Randy's -- is thrust through
his asshole and up into his rectum.

The stench is overwhelming, he is vomiting helplessly, nausea
competing with the terrible burning pain as his bunk-mate's young cock
glides roughly in and out of his ass hands clutch his shoulders for
support hips slam brutally against his buttocks as the cock between
his cheeks is driven deep into his depths he alternates barfing and
screaming the sounds of his distress lost, muffled in the foul fetid
pit underneath the building in which he is being violated.  He feels a
warm wet burst deep in his rectum, distant grunts of pleasure filter
down to his ears as thick strong hands around his neck tell him his
ordeal is not completed even as he feels the cock that he assumes
belongs to Randy slip from his bowels.

"Faggot's pretty good at this."

He hears excited laughter from Randy's jock friend, has no time to
wonder at the friend's ability to get it up again as he feels the fat
helmet of a well-developed dick tear open his ass-muscle he shrieks
and struggles violently the already abused walls of his rectum
stretched impossibly wide in an effort to accomodate the intruder.  

A fist smashes into his his side again and for a brief moment he
believes he will pass out from the pain as the raping bludgeon is
pulled from his ass and brutally repenetrates.  Every ounce of muscle
in his body tenses with the effort of screaming and twisting as his
arms clutch wildly at the walls of the stall, his rectum is turned
nearly inside out as he feels strong hands gripping his shoulders,
strong hips slamming into him, a fat penis stretching him open, his
buttocks flattening on impact he feels his rapist's testicles slap
against his own each time the monstrous cock is rammed more deeply
into him.

He is not lucky enough to faint; his mind clears slowly and he is
still gagging from the stench enveloping his head; animal-like moans
of pleasure fill the small wooden stall as his sphincter is stretched
wider than he can bear he begins to wail in a steady keening rhythm as
the cock filling his ass pounds in and out, in and out, over and over
and over and over again in a steady brutal rhythm his groin slams
again and again and again into the edge of the wooden platform he is
trapped in an eternity bubble, time stands still, he is being raped
forever.

The eternity bubble bursts; the boy buried in his ass stands immobile
for a long, agonizing moment; he feels the body clutched against him,
the cock invading him, tense, thrust brutally.  Once, twice, three
times.  

He feels a wet warm spurt of cum deep in his ass punctuate each
thrust, and he feels his sphincter spasm uncontrollably, winking
relief as the fat dick is finally pulled from his ass with a wet
popping sound.  He kneels back, sobbing, pulling his head from the
crap hole, gulping in the relative freshness of the air around him
feeling semen wet and slimy deep inside his rectum slowly leaking from
his tortured ass-muscle.  He feels a hand grab the back of his head,
pulling at his hair so his face is pointing upward.

"You the camp slut this Summer, huh Spaz?"

He squeezes his eyes shut against leering face of Randy's friend.

"Colin's on the path."

His head is dropped, sounds of pants hastily pulled up, a zipper
worked, a belt being buckled.  Sneakers pound quickly down the wooden
steps of the latrine, he is alone.  Early afternoon sun is streaming
into through the window, shining off the spilled water.  He hears
footsteps again and hastily pulls the stall door shut.

"Hey Spaz, you in there?"

Colin, their counselor.  Angry.

"on the can..."  He calls out timidly.

"Finish up goddammit it's time for swimming."

He waits, hoping Colin will leave, not notice the mess.

"What the fuck's with the water all over the floor??"

Fearful silence.

"I tripped."

Disgusted snort.

"Guess you earned your nickname."

A longer silence.

"Well finish up.  You got latrine duty again tomorrow for fucking up
today."

Listening to the footsteps retreat he collapses, sobbing silently,
praying that Colin will hang around the bunks during quiet hour
tomorrow, knowing he won't.
