Laura by Neon the Unknown

Laura's parents were very strict.  From early childhood, she knew 
she better not let her parents catch her doing anything bad.  
That was precisely her problem:  Instead of attempting to improve 
her behavior, she merely went to greater and greater lengths to 
avoid getting caught.  This had merited her ever increasing 
punishments over the years.  Her parents grew increasingly 
frustrated when she reached 17 and still acted so utterly 
irresponsible.

Recently, one of Laura's favorite rock groups was in town and had 
an autograph signing planned.  The signing ended at 3:00, which 
meant she could not attend it without missing class.  For most 
students, this would have been enough to make them simply write 
it off.  Laura, however, merely looked for a way to go and soon 
found saw her chance.  Her last two classes were Study Hall and 
Math.  She knew no one would even notice she was missing in the 
raucous auditorium used for the Study Hall.  As for Math, that 
was her least favorite subject, anyway.  She would be glad to 
miss a day of it.

Being a senior had its advantages.  She simply left for lunch but 
unlike the others, she did not return.  The trip downtown was 
uneventful.  She got to the record store and had to stand in line 
for nearly 2 hours.  Still, she got the autographs by shortly 
after 3:00.  This still left her time to stop and do some 
shopping.

Laura stopped at a pay phone and called home around 3:30 to tell 
her mother she would be late.  Her mother said that was all 
right, and then oddly, asked her how her math class went.  This 
question surprised her, but she said that the class had gone 
fine.

When Laura got home around 5:00, she noted with surprise the 
strange car on the driveway.  She parked in her usual spot and 
started inside.  She was her father's car coming down the street 
just then.  She stepped inside and when she did so, she heard her 
mother's voice talking with someone. She decided to go on up to 
her room first so she could put the autographs away.

About 10 minutes later, her father's voice loudly called and 
asked her to come down to the living room.  Wondering what was 
going on, she quickly went downstairs.  There seated with her 
parents was Miss Winters, her math teacher.

"I think there is something you need to tell us about this 
afternoon, young lady," her mother said.  Laura knew she was in 
big trouble.  There was nothing she could think to say.

"I think you had better answer your mother when she asks you a 
question.  Miss Winters has told us you were not in her class 
this afternoon.  We would like to know just where you were." The 
look in her father's eyes chilled her to the bone.

"I'm...I'm...sorry.  I had something I had to do...and...," Laura 
stammered.

"I would like to know just what it was you had to do," her mother 
responded.  "Whatever it was, you already lied to me about it."

"Mother, please, I haven't lied..."

"You told me on the phone that you were in your math class when I 
asked, remember?  What you did not know was that Miss Winters had 
already phoned me."

Laura gulped.  She had forgotten her mother's odd question 
earlier.  She was still trying to figure a way to get out of 
this.

"Well," said her father, "you still have not said where you were.  
We are waiting!"

"I went to get an autograph and I couldn't get it after school 
because they finished up at 3:00 and I really wanted it because 
it's my favorite band," the answer all came out in a rush.

Her parents exchanged glances.  Then her mother angrily said, 
"That has to be the poorest excuse you have ever made, Laura.  
Some musical group is more important to you than your education."

"Please, I didn't mean that...it's just that..."

"Yes?"

"Math is so boring.  I hate that class."

Her father spoke up again.  "I see, you don't like your math 
class so it is not important for you to be there."

"Yes," she said, surprised that her father would agree with her 
on this.

"That, my dear, is not an argument at all.  I cannot believe that 
you have the audacity to stand here in front of us and your math 
teacher and concoct a story like that."

"But, Father, I..."

"What you had better do is get prepared for the punishment of 
your life.  You have royally earned it, and now you are going to 
receive it.  Now, go stand in the corner while we discuss what it 
is to be."

Laura wanted to protest but knew she dared not.  She went and 
stood with her nose in the corner of the room he indicated.  
Behind her, she could hear the three of them discussing her fate.

"Laura, come here.  We have reached our decision," her mother 
said.  Laura went and stood again before the three of them.  Fear 
swept through her.  She had never experienced a similar situation 
before and was unsure what to expect.

"Laura, we have concluded that the correct course of action is to 
give you a spanking.  You will get a bare-bottom spanking 
consisting of 25 smacks from each one of us."

"Please, no, that's not fair..."

"Let me finish.  The first part is for your missing class.  You 
will also receive an additional 25 for lying to me.  Those will 
be administered with the hairbrush."

"Oh, no, please..."

"Laura, you have brought this on yourself.  Your actions were 
inexcusable and your excuses were even worse.  That is why we 
have decided to include Miss Winters in this.  For you to sit 
there in front of her and say her class does not matter, I am 
very disappointed in you."

"I think I will start this off," her father said.  He got up and 
went over to the straight backed chair that they liked to use 
whenever Laura received punishment through spanking.  The chair 
was armless so there was plenty of room to lie over the spanker's 
lap.  That thought chilled Laura.  Not only were her parents 
about to spank her but Miss Winters, too.  This was turning out 
much worse than she could have imagined.

"OK, Laura, take off your dress." Her face blushing with 
embarrassment, she complied.  She stood there before her parents 
and her teacher clad only in socks and underwear.  She noticed 
Miss Winters learn over and whisper something in her mother's 
ear.  Her mother looked thoughtful for a moment and then nodded.

"Laura, Miss Winters has offered an excellent suggestion.  She 
thinks the punishment will have more effect if it is administered 
while you are naked.  Go ahead and remove the rest of your 
clothing."

"Mother, no, I can't, not in front of all of you."

"Either do as you are told or I will undress you myself."

Laura realized that it was a lost cause.  She reddened even more 
in embarrassment as she removed all of her clothing.  She quickly 
moved her hands to cover herself as best she could.

Her father motioned for her to go over his lap.  She quickly 
complied.  She found herself positioned so that her only her 
hands could reach the floor.  She found herself positioned with 
her bottom perfectly centered over her father's lap.

Smack! Her father brought his hand down on her behind.  He then 
stopped to watch as her bottom reddened.  Smack!  Smack! He 
spanked each cheek individually.  Already, Laura felt the need to 
squirm but tried to keep herself steady.  The next nine came down 
all in a rush as he moved around, never striking the same place 
twice.  She began to move around on his lap.

"Laura, you should stop moving unless you want me to give you 
extra," her father warned, punctuating it with another strike.  
Smack! He landed the next one on the crown of her left cheek.  
Three more quickly followed.  He then followed these up with four 
on the right side.  "Only four left, my dear." Smack! He came 
down right across the center. Smack! Smack! Smack!

She had already begun to cry, and she knew this was the first 
part of her ordeal.  Her father ordered her to her feet.  When 
she obeyed, he had turn around so that her mother and Miss 
Winters could see her bottom.

"I see your father has done his usual excellent job on your 
bottom.  Now, Laura, it will be Miss Winters turn."

"Please, mother, no..."

"Laura, you only have yourself to blame for this situation.  It 
is time for you to begin acting more responsibly."

Miss Winters got up and moved over to the chair.  As she sat 
down, she pulled her skirt, showing her bare thighs.  "Laura, 
come here and lie over my lap."

Again, she complied.  Miss Winters, actually being somewhat 
petite, she more or less knelt on the floor and had her bottom 
stretched across her lap.

Laura was not sure what to expect.  She knew Miss Winters must 
have much less experience at this than her parents so she was 
hoping this part would not be too bad.

Smack! Miss Winters began quickly. Her first ten strokes all came 
so quickly that Laura felt as if she could not breathe.  Her 
bottom, already warmed up by her father, began to feel as if it 
were on fire.

Smack! Smack! The next ten strokes were across her thighs and 
down to just above the knee.  Again, Miss Winters gave the dose 
in one quick surge.

"Laura, I want you to do something for me: I want you to spread 
your legs."  "No, I won't; I...I can't."

"Laura, you will do as you are you are told," her mother said 
angrily.  "Now do what she said or your father and I will help 
you comply."

Laura, embarrassed enough, knew that she could not bear that.  
She shut her eyes tight and moved her legs apart. The next four 
strokes caused her inner thighs to burn.

"Laura, this is the last one now, so hold still." Smack! The blow 
landed right between her legs.  She bucked wildly when it landed. 
At least, her ordeal was over for the second.

"Miss Winters, I really think you should repeat that last one 
since she refused to obey you by not holding still.  On second 
thought, make it five more." Her father's words stunned her.  
Nothing like this had ever happened to her.  "Well, if you 
insist...Laura, now you really must hold still now." Smack! 
Smack! Smack! Smack! Laura thought she was going to die as she 
fought to control herself.  Smack!  The last one finally landed.

Miss Winter told her to get up.  She had hardly done so when her 
mother got up and started for the chair. As her mother sat down, 
she said "Quickly, Laura, over my lap."

Without a moment's respite, Laura again found herself stretched 
across someone's lap.  She knew that she was truly in for it now.  
Her mother always spanked harder and she was already in pain from 
what she had received earlier.  The tears began in earnest now.

Smack! Her mother's method was to insure that there was not any 
point between her waist and her knees not thoroughly reddened.  
To this end, she carefully surveyed the area.  Smack! When she 
found such a place, her hand came down.  When she finished 
twenty-five, there was not a single part of Laura's nether 
regions that was free of pain.

"Laura, I hope you are truly sorry for missing class today. Now 
it is time for you to face the penalty for lying to me.  You know 
where my hairbrush is.  Go get it and be back here quickly or I 
will add to the punishment."

Laura knew that she had no time to spare.  She got up as quickly 
as she could, despite the pain, and ran to her parent's bedroom.  
On her mother's dresser, she found the hairbrush.  It was an 
antique wooden one and the sting from it was incredible.  She was 
now to receive twenty-five from it, after all that had happened 
already.

When she got back downstairs, her mother directed her to kneel in 
the chair and bend over the back.  That meant she displayed 
herself before her father and Miss Winters, but that was the 
least of her worries at the moment.

Crack! The brush came down, crossing both cheeks.  Laura was 
beginning to lose control. Crack! Crack! Crack! Crack! The pain 
was incredible and seemed never-ending.  Finally, about half-way 
through, in a moment of desperation, she reached her hand back to 
block the blow.  Her mother stopped.

"Laura, you know what happens when you to try block the brush 
like that.  You get 10 extra for each time."

"Please, mother, I..."

"Put your hands back over the chair right now or I will start 
counting from one again."

Laura complied.  Crack! The next stroke landed.  She clenched her 
hands on the back of the chair to make sure she did not reach 
back again. Crack! Crack! Crack! Her bottom, which had been 
hurting before, not felt as it burned into her very soul. She had 
completely lost count when her mother finally stopped.

"Miss Winters, would you like to administer the penalty strokes?"

"Yes, Mrs. Anderson, I would be glad to."

Miss Winters and her mother exchanged places.  "Laura, I want you 
to count out each stroke. You may begin."

"One." Laura managed to choke it out.  The hairbrush came down at 
least twice as hard as she had ever gotten it from her mother. 
"Two." Crack! "Three." Crack!

The strokes continued. "Ten!" The last one was the worst of all. 
Miss Winters had put her entire weight behind it.

The spanking was finally over.  The adults waited patiently while 
she regained her composure.  Normally, a session of standing in 
the corner followed spankings, but her parents decided that she 
had had enough.  Tenderly, her father picked up her in his arms 
and carried her up to her room.  There, her mother helped her put 
her nightgown on and tucked her in to bed.
