Copyright (c) 1997  David Fields.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




Lea & Me by....DF...
     It was back in the mid 80's when I was just in my
teens.  I was dating a girl named Lea.  Lea was so much more
sexually active then I and was the first to take my
virginity.  She was 14 and beautiful.  She was only about 5'
tall but her measurements were 34C,22,34 and had the longest
hardest nipples I have seen to date. Her hair was long and
blond and her eyes were a sparkling green.
     Lea family was very open, I noticed more then once her
mom running from the bedroom to the bathroom with no clothes
on or one of her siblings in the same state of dress or
should I say undress.  It did not bother me as much as it
intrigued me.  I never again wondered why Lea was so open
about her body.


     Not long after we were going together Lea got stuck
baby-sitting one night since she was the eldest of the four
children. It was a Friday night and I was super disappointed
since we planned on going to the movies and I hoped to get
another blowjob from her.  She gave me one just a few nights
prior and it was unlike anything I ever felt.  I never knew
anything could feel so good.  Well I was ready for a long
night of Hustler and masturbation, when the phone rang and
it was Lea asking if I wanted to come over.  I asked her can
I since no one is home and she is baby-sitting.  She said
sure since her parents won't be home until after 2:00 am and
I will be long gone by then.  "Well what about your brothers
and sister, won't they tell?".  "no", she said "not if they
want to play Mommy and friends."  I inquired to what (Mommy
& friends) was and she said the sooner I get over there the
sooner I will see.

    I hopped quickly on my bike and rode the two miles to
Lea's house.  It may have only took five minutes but it
seemed like an hour since I had my curiosity up.  Lea looked
beautiful when she opened the door.  She was wearing a
short, short skirt and half top with no bra.  Her one inch
nipples poked through as the night air rushed up her top.
The house seemed quite with the exception of a little kid
type noise coming from upstairs.  It was strange being in
that house without her parents there.  I asked her right
away about "Mommy & Friends."  She told me there would be
plenty of time for that later.

    We went upstairs and right away the kids asked about
playing the game.  Lea told them that we will play a little
later and they asked about me.  She told them that I will
also be included in their game.  They seemed very happy
about that and went back to playing whatever it is they were
doing.  I guess I should inform you to the details of her
two brothers and one sister.  As you already know Lea is the
oldest at 14.  Next came Bobby at 11 also with blond hair
and light blue eyes, then came Tia at 9 with long brown hair
and dark brown eyes, just like her daddy. and trailing
behind was Kenny who was just 8 years old and his eyes
sparkles with curiosity.

     Lea and I went downstairs and sat on the couch to watch
some TV and to talk.  Lea went and put a tape into the VCR.
I was not expecting what I saw on the screen.  I have never
seen an X-rated tape before, but I knew this was not what is
normally to be expected.  On the screen were kids no older
then Lea or her brothers and sisters making love to another
couple. Looking closer I recognized the couple as a family I
knew from school not more then a mile or so away from here.
I became super horny really fast.  Lea explained that her
parents trade tapes of them with the Walters family of them
and their kids.  She explained that there is a local group
where people who have sex within the family video and
exchange tapes like these.  I asked Lea if this has
something to do with the game we are going to play and she
just smile and slid down between my legs, slowly unzipped my
jeans and slid out my 7" cock.  She looked up at me with
those cat eyes and stuck her tongue out and licked the head
of my cock.  My eyes rolled back and I let out a loud moan.

     Lea expertly sucked my cock and brought me close to
cumming but pulled away before I could fill her mouth with
loads of my creamy cum.  She stood up and grabbed my hand
and lead me upstairs.

     Once we arrived the kids were still playing.  She told
all of them it was time for their bath.  Bobby and Kenny
were to get into the tub in their parents bathroom and Tia
was to go into the tub in the bath in the hallway.  We heard
the usual grumbles and groans when kids have to stop playing
especially when it is bath time.  The kids finally took off
to the bath and Lea and I heard the water running.  While
the tub was filling Lea and I started kissing and rolling
around in her parents bed.  My erection came right back and
it was not long until I wanted to fuck her, really bad. She
stopped me as we heard splashing in her parents bathroom.
She dragged me along as we went into the bathroom where
Bobby and Kenny were splashing around.  She tried to calm
them down and as she did the splashing covered the front of
her white half-top and it quickly stuck to her pert breasts
and her long nipples were more then clearly seen.  Kenny
stopped splashing and started grabbing for Lea's breasts.
Lea kept trying to push his hands away but it got more
difficult when Kenny jumped into the picture.  Lea finally
gave up and just pulled her top off.  I never thought of
Kenny and Bobby as sexual creatures before even with seeing
clips of that earlier film.  Kenny stood up to get better
access to Lea's breasts and when he did I noticed he had a
small erection.  As much as I never thought about him being
sexual I never thought I could find anything sexual about
another boy or seeing another erection, but I was getting
super turned on not only seeing Lea get the attention but
looking at Kenny's little hard cock.

    I wandered on over to get a closer look at the action
and when I approached Lea turned and started to undress me.
I was going to resist but upon second thought I decided to
let her proceed, what do I have to loose.  When my pants
came off my erection sprang out.  I was large I guess, near
7" but fairly thick.  Lea's mouth wrapped itself around my
cock.  I almost fell back from the feeling.  I had to lean
back against the wall by the tub so I could enjoy the
blowjob I was getting from Lea.  She stood up and removed
her skirt.  She had no panties under them and with her very
light blond hair it looked like there was none there at all.
I could see the swollen lips protrude and the tip of her
large clit poke out.  My head swooned seeing her like this
with that and the combination of her brother being in the
room I was going crazy.  Lea started kissing me and working
her tongue down my body.  Her mouth covered my nipples and
the feeling was great, of course not as great when I felt
her hot mouth on my cock again.  This time it felt
different.  When I looked down it was not Lea who had my
cock in her mouth but it was Kenny struggling to get my cock
into his 8 year old mouth.  I almost pushed him away... I
mean another guy alone, but the brother of my girlfriend.  I
looked to see what Lea was up to and she was sitting on the
toilet with her legs spread and Bobby licking away at her
sopping wet pussy.

    I held the back of Kenny's head as he sucked my cock. I
was getting close to cumming and I told Kenny to pull away
before I came in his mouth.  That only made him suck harder
and deeper.  It seems he has definitely done this before.
The whole taboo nature of all this was much too much and I
came so hard I thought it would push Kenny's mouth off my
cock.  He sucked down my cum like a champ... I was really
surprised when he pulled me down and kissed me on the lips
and sucked my tongue into his mouth.  I sat on the floor in
total shock, but not as shocked as I felt Kenny's 3" cock
slip into my mouth.

     I looked up for support from Lea who was having a wild
orgasm on her own and did not care less about what I was
doing.  I then heard a noise to the right and there was Tia
standing in the doorway with a towel wrapped around her. The
towel did not stay that way very long.  I a second the towel
was off and she stood there totally naked.  Her long and wet
brown hair falling off her shoulders. Her breasts were just
little lemons on her chest and her aureoles were a small
puffy bubbles on the top of the lemons with a beautiful
little nipple poking out.  Her pussy did not even have a
drop of hair on it and her lips just looked like a little
slit with a bump near the top.  She was so cute.

     Tia came over by Kenny and me and knelt on the floor
next to me.  She grabbed Kenny around the ass and turned him
in her direction and slipped his cock into her mouth.  It
looked so cute his 8 year old cock slipping in and out of
her pretty little mouth.  I looked down and noticed her
fingers were sliding in and out of her wet pussy.  I decided
to take a closer look and laid on my back and slipped my
mouth under Tia.  Her pussy was great and tasted even
better.  Between the bath and her youthfulness her pussy had
such a clean sweet taste.  I was slowly stroking my erection
which had quickly came back when I felt another mouth cover
it, I knew it was not Lea because I could see Lea in the
doorway, so I new it must have been Bobby sucking me.  I did
not even think about it anymore, I just laid back and
enjoyed it.  Before any of us could climax Lea demanded we
all leave the bathroom and adjoin to the bedroom.
Reluctantly we all got up and followed her back to the
bedroom.  Now the fun is really ready to start... But I
still don't know what (Mommy & Friends is..)...maybe I will
find out in part two....
DF....



















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.why.net/users/mrdouble/htm/authors2.htm

Be There.....