A Lady Named Leda


It's 5:40 p.m. the traffic is terrible and my bladder is near the bursting
point. Damn! I thought if I worked a bit late I'd miss the worst of it.
Leda's place is a good 20 minutes away. Oh well, I just have to hold on
until I get there.

Leda -- the most remarkable woman I've ever met. Sixteen years older than
me, old enough to be a grandmother, really. A shortish, buxom,
fit-and-trim, brown-eyed brunette, she's not one to make you say "Wow!"
when she walks by. And yet, when you know her, see her at close range, see
her nude, you come to appreciate that she is both sexy and very
attractive. Maybe she is a grandmother in another  part of her life; I
wouldn't know. I only know one aspect of her life, one piece of the pie.
But what an incredible piece it is.

Leda is an LPN. I was in the hospital for a few days after a car accident.
She came in to bathe me, but first, with some embarrassment, I told her I
had to "relieve myself." Her eyes, usually staid and businesslike, took on
a sudden sparkle.

In a low, matter-of-fact voice she asked, "Piss or shit?"

That startled me, and it showed, which brought a knowing smile to her
quietly attractive face.

"Piss," I answered.

Reaching into bedside stand, she came up with a urinal. She pulled the
sheet back, loosened the string of my pajama pants and tugged them down,
fully exposing me. Her eyes fixed on my genitals, sparkling intensely.
With a gentle but firm touch she took hold of my penis, brought the urinal
to it and held onto both.

"Go ahead and go. And don't be too embarrassed to fart, if you have to.
Men usually let at least one when they piss," she said, smiling but still
with that quiet, businesslike tone.

Under these strange circumstances it took a good minute for me to relax
enough to start filling the urinal. But fill it I did, as Leda held my
cock and watched intently. When I finished, she set the urinal aside and,
still holding my penis, lowered her head and took the tip between her
lips. Her fingers both gently squeezed and slid along its length, from
base to near the tip. I felt her tongue work around the spongy head. I
also felt the heat, stiffening and tingling urgency of an erection in
progress. In seconds, she drew her lips from it, looked at it standing
almost vertically to its full seven-inch height. She smiled broadly then.

Leaning down, whispering in my ear she said, "If you were to get your cock
sucked good, right here and now, would you be one to go brag it around, at
work or maybe at some tavern?"

"No," I whispered back. My heart was in my throat and pounding wildly. I
couldn't believe this was really happening. I thought, "Georgie boy, just
when this gets really good, you're gonna wake up and have to go to work,
or something."

But then it was happening. Her head was down at my midsection, her nose
nuzzling my pubes, her fingers kneading and rubbing my throbbing cock. And
then she was kissing it. Tongue-tickling along the underside of it.
Rolling my sac in her warm, strong hand. Breathing warm on me. And
finally, she took it in her mouth, fully, deeply, lovingly. She worked it
expertly, mouth, tongue play, ringing the base with thumb and index finger
for some accessory pumping. Her other hand went to work on the hard ridge
between my balls and asshole, rubbing, pressing.

Her mouth was hot, deliciously wet and unbelievably greedy. In a minute,
maybe two, I felt my cum building, starting to move from somewhere deep
inside. She never paused or slowed the pace. Then it was right there. I
put my hand on the back of her head, held it there defensively -- losing a
sucking mouth at the moment of ejaculation is hell -- but she went right
on rolling her tongue wetly, strongly around the tip as I erupted with 
one long, wet, cum-pumping spasm after another. Her only deviation came
when she was forced to pause so she could swallow. And that happened two
or three times.

When I was through, she held my cock in her mouth a moment, taking in the
last draining drool of cum as I softened. She then moved her head away,
turning slightly away as she deftly wiped her lips with a tissue from the
bedside stand.

"My God, that was good," I said. I'm sure I sounded like an enthusiastic
adolescent, but so what?

"Keep your voice down," she commanded, still in a whisper. "I'm glad if
you liked it -- I liked it, too. But the rules are that we do what we do
without saying anything. Not here, not anywhere. Do you understand?"

I nodded that I did.

"That's better," she said, having established who was in charge of our
strange, yet wonderful, relationship. She set the ground rules, determined
what we would do, when and how often. That was a year ago, 20 incredible
liasons ago. Our first few times together she had tested me, she later
explained. Where some others had failed, I had passed. In my willingness,
curiosity, open-mindedness and capacity for enjoying the new, different
and unconventional, I had shown myself to be "a truly sensuous, erotic
man." That's how she put it. In the time since, she'd helped me to learn
things about myself that I might once have denied. Such as a willingness
to try what she had proposed for us to do together this evening.

I pulled into her complex, found a parking place and rushed up to her
apartment. She was wearing only a long T-shirt. She kissed me, hotly and
with urgency, then quickly helped me out of my clothes. Without ceremony
or delay, she pulled off the T-shirt, freeing her ample, large-nippled
boobs. I leaned forward to kiss them.

"That's nice," she purred, "but we haven't got time for that now. I've
been holding on here since this morning and I can't hold on much longer."
She took me by the hand into the bathroom.

She turned toward me and looked into my eyes. It was one of the few times
she'd ever appeared vulnerable or uncertain.

"No second thoughts? No change of heart?" she asked.

"None," I answered. "And I, too, have been holding on about as long as I
can," I said, smiling.

She leaned up to kiss my lips, at the same time reaching down to gently
grasp and squeeze my cock. Then she slowly knelt down, kissing down my
chest, belly, over my cock and balls, finally settling on all fours on the
fluffy, deep-pile bathroom throw rug. From the cabinet she withdrew the
equipment we'd use: a two-foot length of clear plastic tubing with a
fairly large funnel at one end and an rectal irrigation tip at the other.

As instructed, I quickly applied K-Y jelly to the rectal tip and knelt
behind Leda, who reached back to pull apart her full, firm-fleshed
buttocks. Her neat, light brown, wrinkled anus with its dainty halo of
fine brown hairs waited there, partly open in anticipation. I pressed the
plastic tip to it and it contracted shut. I rolled the tip around on it,
spreading the K-Y. Then I pressed gently inward. Leda moved slightly
backward. Her sphincter relaxed and the tip slid in to its full depth.

"Yesss," she sighed. "Good, good. Now, fill me. Hurry," she said, dropping
her head down.

As she had directed ahead of time, I then stood, holding the funnel in my
left hand and my stiffening cock in the right. "No boner now, please," I
thought. Although I had tried, I never could piss through a full erection.
I deliberately thought of work, of a particularly tedious, annoying task I
do each week. Of a run-in with an obnoxious executive. The stiffening
ceased.

I looked down, saw the funnel, the tube running down into to Leda's
lovely, waiting ass, opened the gate, so to speak, and began pissing. The
clear tube became an extension of my hot, golden stream.

"Ooohhh, wowww," Leda moaned. Then, after a slight pause, she added,
"Yesss, it's hot, kind of spicy hot. Not like soap or water or whatever.
It's good, George, it's very, very good."

I continued pissing until my bladder was empty and Leda's rectum was full.
When finished, I knelt behind her and  removed the irrigation tip. I did
this slowly and carefully. And while I was removing it, Leda lowered her
upper body and tilted her hips so that her anus was pointed almost upward.
I moved beside her, kissed her cheek and saw the look of rapture in her
eyes. She gave me tongue and moaned.

"It's so good. But I won't be able to hold it long. I was so ready when we
did it; I got a terrific urge just before you arrived." 

We kissed again, and again she sighed. "Now, quick, help me up."

In an instant she was seated on the toilet, legs open so I could slip a
finger between her moist, swollen labia and beging a gentle, steady
frigging. I put my arms around her and quickly began planting kisses on
her lips, neck and shoulders. I had moved down to kiss and lick all over
her large boobs and fine, erect nipples when she softly went, "Oooh, oh!"
Drew in a deep breath and began releasing.

My cock was now fully erect and throbbing. I squeezed and stroked it as I
continued pleasuring Leda.

A long, wet, loud "whoosh" from her ass was followed by a couple of
seconds of silence. She trembled, moaned, then continued releasing. Her
hand mashed me to her boobs. Her hips moved so that my finger pressed
harder to her long, erect clitoris. Again, a tremble, a moan. She squeezed
her legs together, pressed my hand at her crotch.

"Faster, harder," she hissed, dry-voiced, in a state of transport. "Frig
my clit . . . More, good . . . I'm cummminnngg, oh, oh OH!"

Leda had nearly fainted. When she recovered, she quickly flushed the
toilet, wiped, washed her ass with a soapy washcloth she'd prepared
beforehand and knelt again on the throw rug. She spread her buttocks, this
time for me.

I pressed my cockhead to her now-red and wet anus. She backed onto me,
swallowing my cock full length. I suddenly felt the heat, the spicy-hot
sensation she had mentioned. I drew in a long breath. It was exhilarating.
After a moment's pause to savor the tightness and heat, I began rocking my
hips, pumping gently in and out of her super-heated, silky smooth rectum.
Her sphincter tightened at times, adding to the immense, soul-satisfying
pleasure. I looked down, saw my caramel-colored shaft working rhythmically
in and out of her wide-stretched hole. So good. So very good.

I began breathing hard, feeling my cum approaching, unwilling to interrupt
this deliciously nasty fuck yet wanting to not go off so soon. Too soon.
It must have been two or three minutes later that the big, blinding,
all-enveloping spasm gripped me. As I began spurting cum, I grabbed her
hips and pulled back hard, driving my cock so deeply into her that she
made a gagging-wincing sound the likes of which I'd never heard. I
spurted, spasmed, poured my lava-hot ejaculation into her bowels. She
tightened and eased her sphincter, heightening my release. It went on and
on, much harder and much longer than the usual cum for me.

When at last the great shooting pulses subsided to super-sensitive
aftertwitches, I bent forward, curling over her back, kissing her
shoulder, nuzzling her hair.

"An ultimate connection, wouldn't you say?" she asked.

"An ultimate pleasure, I'd say," I panted.

"I feel so warm and filled and satisfied," she purred. "I feel full and
complete with you deep in there, with your cum in me, hot and fresh from
your balls.

"Don't pass it, please. Leave it inside you," I said. "I want to know it's
in you, at least until you have to go again. And when you do, it can lube
your load, make it slide out of you like a phantom."

She chuckled, wiggling her ass and causing my softened, cock to slide out
and free. The air was suddenly cool and harsh against it. Leda turned
around and looked at it intently.

"No doubt about where we've been and what we've been up to, my little
friend," she said to my soiled cock, as though talking to a beloved,
naughty pet. She took it gently in her hand, along with my sac, and gently
cuddled it. 

"I think a shower is in order, don't you?" she continued. Then she
playfully tilted my cockhead up and wiggled it in time to her words, as if
it were a puppet, and in a high voice said, "Oh yes, mistress Leda, I'd
really like that."


(end)
