LEE AND ME (AND BILL TOO)!

After we had several encounters in our lives with swinging Bill and
I talked about having a single guy join us some night.  I really
wasn't surprised that Bill was open to this in fact he was the one
that suggested it.  I know that a lot of the success that comes in
swinging isn't the desire to be satisfied but the desire to satisfy
others, but I couldn't help myself of being a bit selfish and eager
to have two guys filling me with shear ecstasy (and a few other
things).

The best way we thought to contact a single male was to answer ads
run by males.  Boy were we wrong.  We learned an important lesson
about photos.  It seems that many of the guys with ads are photo
collectors and nothing more.  After having very little success in
writing to ads run by single guys we decided to have the ads we run
say "couples, bi-females and select single guys" - WOW did our mail
box fill up with replies.  However, there were a lot of strange
guys out there that we weren't comfortable with.  We made contact
with a few of the better ones and got together with one.  I enjoyed
it, but wasn't completely sure afterwards he was exactly compatible
with us.  During the time that our mail box filled up there was a
letter from a guy with a picture (wow, what a picture) that said. 
"Let's not waste time writing back and forth, if you like what you
see then let's give it a try."  No address, just a phone number. 
Well, not quite sure, we set it off to the side.  As time passed we
had almost forgotten about it.  One Saturday afternoon we were
responding to several letters we had received that week and Bill
asked "Well, what should we do about Lee?"  After we thought for a
minute we decided to give him a call and see what develops.  Of
course we got his answering machine, so we left a message and
several hours later we got a phone call back.  After talking for a
while we invited him over for a drink to meet and get to know each
other.  It was a tough night to get a sitter so we were unable to
meet him somewhere first.  He was willing came over and after a few
drinks, kids tucked away in bed, all agreeing we headed down the
hall into the bed room.

Now The Fun Begins!

Bill just sat off to the side.  Lee and I started off by kissing
enjoying each other's lips and wet tongues.  As we continued to
kiss our hands begun to explore each other's bodies.  Little by
little the clothes came off.  When he stood along side of the bed
and I slowly pulled off his red bikini briefs, well  WOW!  He was
huge.  Not that size has ever been real important to me (remember
its not the size of the boat it's the motion in the ocean) it's
just that I've never seen anything that big in real life only in
the movies.  In fact Bill got a kick out of the many, many times I
told him how huge he was.  Well instantly I began to suck his cock. 
Now ladies if you are reading this I guess I should give you a
little more information about Lee.  He was 5'11", 172 lbs, well
built, very clean cut, 25, blonde hair, brown eyes and tan.  He was
a knock out!  As I continued to suck his cock, he got even bigger. 
Two hands and my mouth and there was still cock to spare!  I've
never had a cock fill my mouth the way he did.  I paid particular
attention to his head, swirling my tongue in a constant circular
motion as I slid as much of his shaft in and out of my mouth as
possible, the bottom of his cock was paid attention to by my hands
moist from my saliva i continually moved my hands firmly gripped
around his cock in a rotating and up and down motion.  I knew he
was getting excited because i could feel and taste those early
signs of clear sweet cum dripping from the head of his cock.  He
eventually laid  me down on my back and asked what I would like. 
In a heart beat I told him to fuck me, please fuck me.  When his
cock entered me it felt like something I have never had before.  He
went deeper into me than any other guy has ever been, his cock
pushed against the inner walls of my pussy in a way that every
particular part was being paid attention to.  In a matter of
minutes he said "I'm going to have to cum but please don't worry
I'll get right back into it, it's just that I'm so hot right now
I'm going to explode."  He then pulled his cock out and shot his
load all over my stomach.  He slid his hands into his hot cum and
rubbed it onto my firm erect nipples.  His load hitting my body was
a much enjoyed pleasure (I love to have guys cum on me instead of
in me).  I was also thinking and hoping that he was right, that he
could continue on.  Like Bill, his cock didn't go down and in a
matter of minutes he was fucking me again, harder and faster.  In
fact, he had a rhythm that no guy has matched yet.  He was amazing,
with his positions and his stamina.  He never stopped.  He was like
a little kid with a new toy wanting to try every option he could. 
He was great!  As we continued he asked what would I like and what
would Bill like us to do.  He seemed to be a bit of an
exhibitionist.  I loved it that he was getting off being watched by
Bill, in fact, I too was turned on knowing that Bill was watching
this young guy fuck me into sheer ecstacy.  The smile on Bill's
faced also assured me that he to was enjoying it.  Bill gets much
pleasure watching others enjoying themselves making it with me.  I
have always had the fantasy of having two guys with their cocks in
my sweet pussy at the same time.  So in reply to his question of
what else I would like I responded with this idea.  His response
was "No problem, I'm game."  Immediately Bill dropped his clothes
and got on the bed with us.

My First Double Penetration Inside My Pussy.

Once Bill had joined us, we wondered how exactly the best way would
be to position ourselves.  After a little thought we decided to
just give it a try.  Bill first laid on his back with his cock
sticking strait up, and wow do I mean strait as a rocket.  Bill's
cock is the kind that is very straight.  I then climbed on top of
Bill straddling his cock with each of us looking deep into each
others eyes.  Lee then slowly came up behind me and slid his cock
into my pussy with Bill's already deep inside me.  The idea of two
at the same time at first was over riding the feeling,  Bill and I
being able to look at each other let us enjoy each other's facial
expressions of pleasure.  Once deep inside both guys began to move
in and out their motions were not exactly in rhythm with each other
and I think that made it even greater because there was constant
movement inside of me in all places.  The feeling against my inner
walls was different than one cock and I enjoyed this totally new
tight, gliding feeling with a desire for it to never end.  Both
guys continued until I built up to a heavy pulsating orgasm.  When
I cum I like my partner to stop all movement for a moment or two
letting my sweet juice pump onto his cock.  Both guys stopped as I
came and couldn't believe the pulsating, pumping sensation they
felt from my pussy cumming against their cocks.  After several more
minutes passed they switched positions.  Bill, a lot like Lee,
wanted to also try different angles.  As both were again deep
inside of me, Bill now from behind, I could feel the pressure
building up inside of Bill, when he was ready to cum he pulled his
cock out and shot his load all over my ass. With his cum running
down between by cheeks and Lee's cock still deep inside me
thrusting away once again I exploded into an orgasm.  Bill loves
how I can cum and cum time and time again sometimes only a matter
of minutes apart.

Once Bill came he then moved around putting his cock between Lee
and my face and I slowly licked his shaft while Lee continued to
fuck me.  Sliding his cock in and out of my mouth caused me to ride
Lee harder and harder.  After several minutes Bill moved away and
left Lee and I to go on.  Lee continued to fuck me in many
different positions and changing his speed and trust of his
penetration constantly.  We went on for quite awhile and Bill sat
back in total enjoyment watching me be continually satisfied.  When
Lee came he once again shot his load all over my stomach and both
he and I rubbed his hot juices all over my body.  We then laid back
in total exhaustion.  When the time came for Lee to leave it wasn't
easy watching him pack his cock into his pants knowing that the
night was over.  When he left, I told him to please stay in touch
and let's get together again, he said he would and we have since
enjoyed his presence with us several more times.  That evening
after he left Bill and I laid back talking about all the fun and
excitement, this got us both so wound we began fucking until we
both fell a sleep in each others arms.  The next morning we awoke,
with still the excitement of the night before and fucked again
before we got out of bed to start our day.

Lady's, if you have never experienced the feeling of two guys
inside your pussy at one time it is something I know you all would
enjoy.  As far as the guys, Bill said the feeling and pressure
against his cock is one that is somewhat incredible.  I encourage
all to give it a try sometime.  Why not, it could be something new
and exciting for all!

Pretty Kitty

   