Copyright © 1998,   (annapoo).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (annapoo) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


-----
From annapoo@hotmail.com
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Lesbian Incest (Group)
From: annapoo@hotmail.com
Date: Thu, 14 Aug 1997 
------

**********************************************************************************
Usual warnings - in general, if u are under 18, are offended by
sexually explicit material, live in a place where pornogrpahy is
illegal - don't read this, delete it from your hard disk.

To the rest of you, enjoy.
************************************************************************************

The other night I was reminded of my sweet 16, 24 years ago.  Like
every 16 year old, I was a little hornball, and the thing that turned
me on the most was cock.  Pure cock -- I was a blow job and cum freak,
I loved giving guys head and I loved having hot, creamy cum all over
my body.  Sure, I fucked plenty; I had lost my cherry when I was not
quite 13 to a cousin of mine and by the time I met my future husband
during college, I had fucked with about 75 guys or so.  But oral sex
was still my passion.  Knowing that, my best friend arranged for about
15 guys to be with me the night of my 16th birthday and to fuck my
face, jerk off on me, just shower and cover me in cum.  It was an
amazing night -- not a single one of the guys fucked me, they just
kept jerking off onto me, until I was almost all covered in hot white
gooey semen.

From the first time my future husband's cock passed by my lips
(admittedly only about 45 minutes after I first met him) until well
after he died, I never ever fucked or sucked or did anything with
another guy.  From time to time I would still share some moments, so
to speak, with old girlfriends of mine, but even that was a lot less,
particularly after we each married and most of us got pregnant.

Eric and I had an amazing sex life; there were very few days when we
didn't fuck around.  We took hundreds of photos of each other nude,
jerking off or us together.  My period never stopped him from pushing
his cock into me; nor did any of my three pregnancies cut down the
voracious appetite either of us had for sex and for each other.

12 years ago Eric was killed in an accident with a drunk driver.  He
left me a devastated young widow, a large estate and 3 daughters, who
were 6, 3 and 1 at the time.  Eventually, I put our lives together, I
worked harder than ever in my work (I am a lawyer) and about 3 years
later I started dating again, albeit pretty casually.  Now I have some
guy friends who I will spend time with, who might even be considered
fuck buddies.  I've never considered remarrying, although more than a
few men have proposed to me over the years.  I've also had a few
flings with some female associates and partners in my law firm and
have a moderately active, occasionally bisexual, sex life.  It's
nothing like the daily fuck-and-suck parties I had when I was a
teenager and college student, but I'm sexually satisfied.

I had a very hard day at work last Wednesday and at one point I
thought I would be in the office all night.  Around 3 am though we
finished an incredible amount of work and all us of working on the
matter took taxis home.  The frenetic type of work we had just
finished for some reason always sexually invigorated me and during the
cab ride I let my mind wander off into thinking about the long bath I
would have when I got home and just which vibrator I was going to use
on myself that night.  I have a whole collection of sex toys,
accumulated over years, mostly before Eric died.  From time to time it
would be obvious that one of my kids had gotten her hands on them, but
I didn't really care.  I knew that they were all (even the youngest
one) sexually active; at different times I had given them all lectures
on safe sex, the pill and anything else I could think of that might be
relevant to them.  My rationale was that I had fucked my brains out
when I was their age and I came out of it just fine.  They would do
the same.

The ride from my lower Manhattan office to my Upper West Side
apartment didn't take long.  That was fortunate, because my
fantasizing had about reached the point where I wanted to touch
myself.  This driver wouldn't have been the first to get a
masturbation show from me, but all in all I wanted to do it in my own
bedroom.

I have a duplex penthouse and have the option of taking the elevator
to the top floor where my bedroom and study are, or to the lower floor
where the rest of the rooms are.  I was a little hungry, thought I
would grab something out of the refrigerator, so I went in through the
lower floor.

The scene that I found when I opened the door is hard to describe.  My
15 year old, Janet, was on the floor with one guy, about her age,
kneeling over her and pumping her mouth with his dick.  Some other
guy, a bit older but still a teenager was on his knees between her
legs, grabbing her by her ass and fucking her.  My 18 year old, Karyn,
was kissing that guy and was lying astride her boyfriend riding up and
down on his cock.  Finally, Ellen, my youngest daughter, was sitting
on Karyn's boyfriend's face and was apparently having an orgasm and
was grabbing Karyn's tits, pulling on her nipples.

The guy Janet was sucking off screwed up his face and he was obviously
about to cum.  He shot his load into my daughter's mouth and I saw
some of it flow out of her mouth and onto her face.  He pulled his
dick out of her mouth and jerked out as much more cum as he could onto
her lips and tits.

He was also the first one of the group to see me.  He got up, not
quite knowing what to do.  Janet also saw me and tried to wipe the cum
off of her body.  I just stood there, smiling.  

"Mom..." Janet nervously started, as all of the participants in the
little orgy scene separated from each other.

I walked up to the guy Janet had sucked off and held out my hand to
him.  "Hi", I said, "I'm Anna Kuklinski."

Everyone's faces fell as he shook my hand and introduced himself as
Alex.  Apparently, the other guy was Rich.  Karyn's boyfriend's name
is Matthew.

The kids were all standing there, naked, not sure of what to do.  I
knew what to do -- after all, how often is it that a 40 year old woman
has three hot looking teenage guys with rock hard pricks around her?

I knelt down in front of Alex and took his still hard cock into my
mouth.  As I sucked on his dick I undid my blouse and motioned to the
others to finish undressing me.

My daughters stood, watching, amazed.  Slowly, though, I saw Matthew
pull Karyn down and climb back inside of her.  Rich got Janet onto her
hands and knees and entered her doggie style and Ellen undressed me,
running her hands all over my body as she removed my bra, skirt, panty
hose and panties.

Alex held my head as I bobbed up and down on his shaft.  I ran my hand
around his ass, gently toying with his asshole as I sucked him.  He
groaned loudly, saying "Oh God, Mrs. Kuklinski, that's great."

I laughed, letting go of his shaft. "I'm giving you a blow job for
chrissake.  You can call me Anna."

Ellen, meanwhile, had lost any inhibition she might have had about
having sex around her mother, or even with her mother, and was
underneath me, trying to get her mouth onto my tits as they hung down.

All 3 of my kids and I have similar bodies.  We are all tall - I'm
5'9", very thin with narrow shoulders and small breasts.  We all have
light blonde hair, which is only a shade darker on our pussies.  My
pubic hair is fairly thin, as is Karyn's.  The other girls are too
young to have full thick bushes in any event.

I felt my pussy dripping, running down my leg.  I didn't know how long
this scene had gone on or how many times these guys had cum.  As I
resumed my blow job, I pondered whether I wanted Alex's cum on my face
or in my cunt.  I glanced over at my other daughters and decided that
rolling around with them would be fun too.  Ellen was now working on
my nipples with a technique which told me that she had plenty of
experience with other girls.  The thought of my 3 daughters all doing
each other, which had never crossed my mind until now, made even
hotter and hornier and wetter than I already was.

I scurried away from Alex, leaving Ellen to take my place on his dick
and cralwed over to Janet.  I worked myself underneath her, finding
Rich's cock as he slide in and out of her.  My pussy was right in
front of Janet's face and she took the hint, burying her face betwen
my legs, flicking her tongue over my swollen clit.  I was on the edge
of orgasm.  I tasted Rich's pre-cum and Janet's own cunt juices as
Janet worked a finger between the folds of my vagina.

I came hard and loudly, bucking against Janet's mouth.  Rich came as
well, with half his load shooting into Janet and the rest dribbling
onto my face.  As he withdrew his now softening dick, I placed my
mouth right on Janet's twat and sucked out as much of Rich's semen as
I could.  My ministrations on Janet brought her to a rapid orgasm as
well.

I glanced at Alex and Ellen and watched Alex blow his wad all over
Ellen's face.  She seeme to revel in his cream as much as I used to.
I went back over to her and we started to lick the cum off of each
other's mouths and faces and buried our tongues deep in each other's
mouths.  I ran my hands all over her young body, squeezing her young
budding tits between my fingers.  She gasped and pressed her body
against mine.

She lay down on her back with me right on top of her.  As we kissed,
our tits rubbed together, sending pulsating thrills through my whole
body.  Matthew and Karyn had until now been fucking like banshees, but
now Matthew came up behind me and started running his hands over my
ass, alternatively touching my asshole and my pussy, as though he were
trying to decide where to focus his attention.

"I'm gonna fuck you in your ass, Anna.  Who would have thought that
good old Mrs. K would be as big a slut and whore as her kids."

I raised my ass up into the air and first felt Karyn bury her face in
it, licking my hole, getting it ready for her boyfriend.  Janet was
also leaning down next to me.

"Mom, you're awesome", Janet began.  I ignored ehr and kept my toungue
in Ellen's mouth, as we continued trading the semen-taste from each of
our encounters.  I felt Karyn move away from me and then felt
Matthew's cock starting to press against my ass.

I wanted someone in my cunt also and told Richard to get underneath me
and to start fucking me.  The three girls and Alex cheered on the 2
guys, who were pounding away at my orifices.  From somewhere, Karyn
had gotten a camera and was photographing the entire scene.  Janet and
Ellen had their arms around each other and were toying with each
other's tits as they watched me get it.  Karyn shot the expressions on
my face, took closeups of my ass and cunt, of the guys faces and cocks
and anythign else that she could think of that would be hot, all the
while working her fingers through ehr own pussy.

Each of the guys had already come quite a few times, so they lasted a
good healthy long time, giving me the chance to have another 2 orgasms
before they each came in me.

After Rich came, Janet returned the oral favor and went right down on
me, sucking out Rich's cum.  Karyn fingered my ass after Matt came in
their, working his semen deep into my butt.

At this point, everyone, including me, was utterly exhausted.  It was
close to 5 am and the sun was starting to rise.  The guys all left and
Karyn, Janet, Ellen and I all fell asleep in the living room.

I woke up a few hours later still utterly sexually aroused.  I watched
my daughter's sleeping bodies, admired the sheer sexiness of each of
them and grinned broadly as I thought about the previous night.  Yet,
I felt a bit uneasy about what had happened.  After all, no matter how
slutty I might feel at times or how erotic either they or I might be,
they are still my daughters.  It seemed suddenly odd to me for someone
who had insisted on letting them lead their own lives to get involved
in the most intimate aspect of it with them.

I quietly went up to my bedroom, showered, dressed and went into my
office.  I called my secretary in after me.  She was a young girl,
about 20, with a great body and had let me know on more than one
ocassion that she would be available to me if I wanted her.  I told
her to close the door behind her.  

"Madeline", I said to her as I began to undo my blouse, "get
undressed."

Madeline smiled.
*************************************************************************************
I would love to hear from anyone about this story and in fact would be
interested in trading via e-mail personal sex stories with either a
guy or a girl.  DON'T ask me for any of the photos I referred to in
this story; I will not respond to any requests like that.  I am fairly
well known in certain communities and splashing nudes of myself, no
matter how old, over the net is not going to help me advance my
career.  Incidentally, my first name is Anna; don't bother asking for
my last name either -- I used the one in this story because it is a
common last name from the same nationality as I am.

I wrote this story because (a) thinking about the events in it still
make me hot; (b) my kids thought it would be fun to see me write about
it and (c) I DO have a bit of an exhibitionist streak in me and I like
knowing that I can tell a story that will turn other people on.

Luv u all, certainly anyone who has read this far and I can't wait to
hear from you!!!!

Anna
annapoo@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....