Copyright © 1998,   (annapoo).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (annapoo) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  


-----
From annapoo@hotmail.com  
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Lesbian Incest (Part II)
From: annapoo@hotmail.com
Date: Thu, 14 Aug 1997
-------

******************************************************************************
Usual warnings - in general, if u are under 18, are offended by
sexually explicit material, live in a place where pornography is
illegal - don't read this, delete it from your hard disk.

To the rest of you, enjoy.

This story is a continuation of my earlier post " Lesbian Incest" and
picks up right where that story left off.  e-mail me via anon.penet
with any thoughts or comments
******************************************************************************


...(from earlier story)....
"Madeline", I said to her as I began to undo my blouse, "get
undressed."

Madeline smiled.

Madeline is petite, about 5' 1" and can't weigh more than 100 pounds.
She has waist length jet black luxurious hair and a tight body
(32b-22-31).  She had always flirted with me, since the day she was
hired, somehow intuitively knowing that I was bisexual.  Until today,
though, I hadn't responded in any conscious way to her flirting.

As I slid out of my blouse, she lifted her sweater over her head.  We
both kept our eyes on each other as we each unhooked our bras.  I
walked over to her and ran my hands over her stomach and her firm
perky breasts.  I crushed my mouth down on hers, pushing my tongue
into her and pressing her body against mine.  She ran her hands up and
down my back, over my ass.  As she began to unbutton my skirt I slid
my hands down her slacks, over her asscheeks and down the back,
between her legs.  I felt her warm stickiness of her vaginal
secretions and I felt my own pussy begin to gush freely.

We were soon both naked, standing int he middle of my office, kissing,
running our hands over each other.

"I've wanted to do this for so long", she said to me, as I led her to
the sofa which I tended to use for either client meetings or for
fucking.  As we sat down on the sofa, she lowered her head immediately
to my breasts.  I felt the warmth of her tongue on me and I kicked
back to enjoy the sensation, so totally different from the frenetic
group-fuck pace of the night before.

Her mouth moved from one nipple to another gently sucking and nibbling
on them as her hands started caressing my whole body, my legs,
stomach, hair.  I moved my hands towards Madeline and she pushed them
aside, whispering "I want to do you, just you, make you happy."

I let her continue and she moved her hands towards my crotch, brushing
over the top of my pubic hair and I felt her fingers glide gently over
my clit.  I shivered at the sensation and I watched a wry smile break
out on Madeline's face.  She lay me back on the sofa and kneeled
beside me on the floor.  I felt her kiss my stomach, run her tongue
around and through my navel and I felt my cunt juices dripping around
my butt.  I felt her long hair fall ono my legs and even felt it brush
over my pussy.  I pushed her head towards my twat and she complied,
gently kissing my clit, running her lips and tongue over it.  I spread
my legs a little wider and she moved her mouth up and down each side
of my cunt lips.

"Make me cum," I moaned loudly, to which she responded "I will."

Her tongue entered my cunt and I lifted my hips, pushing my body
against her mouth as she tongue fucked me.  I had never realized that
she had such a long tongue, but enjoyed the feelings that it sent
through as her soft wet tongue slid in and out of the opening of my
slit.  She kept one hand on my tit, pinching and pulling softly on my
taut erect nipples and the other right on my clit, circling it gently,
bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.

I was soon flooded with pleasure as I came in an amazingly powerful
orgasm.  I muffled my cries, pushed my body against her even harder.
She didn't stop, but kept on going, exactly the same way, with her
tonuge in my cunt, her hands on my tits and clit.  She kept me on edge
again for what seemed like an eternity until another, even more
powerful set of muscle spasms coursed through me.

Madeline sat back, watching me as I caught my breath.  "You're
amazing", I said to her.  She answered me, "I know, I've been
practicing." We both laughed and I pulled her up towards me, kissing
her as deeply as I could, tasting my own pussy juices on her.  

Her lithe body was now under mine and I wasted no time in returning
the pleasures to her.  She moaned softly as I moved my mouth around
her neck and toward her nipples.  Her tits were small, but she had
large aureoles and nipples that stuck out pretty far.  I bit down on
one them and she moaned more loudly, caressing my hair at the same
time.

"Fuck Annai keep it up."  I had never heard her curse before and the
thought of her doing so while I was working her body turned me on and
I bit down harder on her nipple.  "Harder" she moaned and I complied
with her request.  She was clearly a very submissive girl and I
figured she would make an excellent lover for me.

My hands wandered all voer her body.  Those of you who read my first
story have gathered that I'm also pretty into assplay, and I couldn't
wait to get a finger into Madeline's butthole.  I moved quickly to her
cunt, which was wet as all shit, and worked my face into it, burying
myself in the smell of her pussy.  

She seemed to know that I wanted to finger her ass, and she loosened
her abdominal muscles as much as she could to give my finger a clear
entry.  As I pushed it into her, still tongueing her twat, she cried
out, "God Annai bite my clit."  And I did.

And Madeline started bucking and groaning and cumming like crazy.
Twat juice poured out of her and I tried lapping it all up as quickly
as I could. My finger sank deeper into her ass and I finger fucked her
ass just as though my finger were a cock moving in and out of her.

I too, wasn't going to let Madeline go with only one orgasm so I kept
working her, more roughly than she had worked me, but obviously in a
way that drove her to another orgasm.

We both sat back on the sofa, naked, gently petting each other.

"Are you into guys also?" I asked her.  

"Sure.  I prefer girls though.  The second I met you I knew I'd get my
mouth onto your cunt.  You really reek of bisexuality."

I laughed and asked her how old she was and she told me that she was
19.

"You're a year older than my oldest kid.  You should meet her
sometime.  Somehow I think you and she would get along just fine."

She smiled, understanding what I meant.  "So you've done it with her?"
she asked.  And I told her the story of the previous night, all the
while still touching her body and she mine.

"Awesome," she said at the end of it, which ended right where this
story began.  "I can hardly wait to meet them."

It was lunch time now and had to go meet a potential client.  We
dressed and just before we opened my office door I gave her a swift
and hard wack on her ass.

"I know you're the boss, Anna.  No need to smack me around, unless of
course," she said grinning, "you really want to."

*************************************************************************

Well, as usual, I'm open to your comments, thoughts, fantasies, etc.
Writing autobiographical sex is kinda hard to do and my output of text
has been nowhere near what I would like to do.  So, bear with me and
you'll hear more about me, Madeline, my kids and whoever else has
crossed my sexual path recently.  You can write to me at
annapoo@hotmail.com
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....