	LIKE MOTHER, LIKE DAUGHTER
					       By Ann D

	Katie and her mother had spent the afternoon  shopping.  It 
was Katie's first trip home from college since  her mother's 
divorce.  Tess Markowitz was 36 years old,  she'd gotten 
pregnant at 16, as a result she look more than  Katie's older 
sister than her mother.  Both had short blonde  hair, light 
skin and deep blue eyes.  Katie was 5' 6" , just a  fraction 
shorter than her mother's 5' 7",  The most obvious  difference 
between the two was breast size.  While Katie  was a 
respectable 34c, Tess filled out a 40d, someting Katie  was 
always jealous of.
	They had just finished lunch at a small sidewalk cafe  and 
were making small talk as the busboy cleared the table. Katie's 
eyes followed the young man's body as he walked  back into the 
cafe.
	"What a cute ass," She whispered to herself,  forgetting for a 
moment her mother's presence.
	She was sure her mother hadn't heard her, she was  busy 
watching him walk away too.
	"I'd like to fuck him."  
	Katie's mouth dropped open at her mother's  statement.
	"Mother!"  She said in shock.
	Then they both laughed.

	They were still both laughing as they drove away  from the 
cafe.  Katie couldn't remember the last time she  saw her 
mother in this good a mood.  It had been a long and  vicious 
divorce, Tess had spent too many years married to a  man she 
never should've married in the first place - baby or  no baby.
	Katie actually felt a little awkward seeing the sexual  side 
of her mother.  She knew see saw other men now,   just  as she 
was sure she wasn't living a life of chastity.  But this  was 
the first time she had ever seen her mother in a state of  
arousal.  Her cheeks were flushed and her hand had found  its 
way between her legs.  Then again Katie though to  herself, if 
she hadn't had to drive her hand might be between  her own 
legs.
	All the way back to the house they talked about the  guy at 
the restaurant and what they'd like to do with him.  It  was 
all in fun, of course, but Katie found it exciting too. She  
found the heat between her legs spreading outward.  It had  
been much too long since she'd been laid.
	"Look at your nipples,"  Mom teased. "You're so  hot their 
sticking out."
	Surprisingly Katie wasn't embarrassed by her  mother's 
observation. "So are yours," She quickly shot  back.
	Well what are we going to do about it?"  Tess  asked.
	A second later, Katie was shocked to realize that her  
mother's hand had moved from between her legs and was  now 
stroking Katie's thigh.
	Never in a thousand years could she have imagined  her mother 
being interested in another woman.  Much less  her own 
daughter.  Yet it took only another second for her  to respond.
	She reached down and lifted  her mother's hand and  guided it 
to her own wet crotch. She was pleased when her  mother didn't 
pull it away.  Not a word passed between  them as the finished 
the remaining fifteen minutes of the ride  in silence.
	Leaving the packages in the car as they arrived  home, both 
women quickly moved into the house.
	Katie was no sooner in the door when her mother pulled her 
into nto her arms and kissed her.  Not the  motherly kiss she'd 
become accustomed to but the hot  passionate kiss of a lover.  
She felt her mother's tongue  enter her mouth and quickly slid 
her own out to meet it. 
	Tess's hand quickly moved down Katie's back and  slid into the 
back of her shorts.  Katie responded by pulling  open her 
mother's blouse and exploring the delights within.
	Her breasts were heavier than Katie's , the nipples  larger.  
Tess moaned into her open mouth as she fondled  them.  Katie's 
hand slid down to her hips and pulled her  mother closer, 
working a thigh between her legs.  She could  tell the older 
woman's pussy mound was super wet.
	"Let's go up to the bedroom."  Tess whispered as  she pulled 
away from her daughter.
	Katie released her mother reluctantly and followed  her up the 
stairs.  They undressed each other and stood  naked, as if they 
were seeing each other for the first time.
	Their pubic hairs were the small golden blonde,  proof that 
they were both naturals.  Small clear droplets of  cum already 
clung to Tess's mound.
	Tess licked her finger and then traced up and down  the center 
of Katie's bush.  Her gaze was as exciting to  Katie as the wet 
finger between her legs.  Unable to wait  any longer, Katie 
took hold of her mother and pulled her to  the bed.
	They rolled back and forth, mother and daughter,  kissing 
deeply, nipples together, bellies touching and  mounds grinding 
together.  When Katie was on top, Tess  slid her hands down her 
back and pulled hard against her. The other did the same as 
their positions did the same.  Katie then remembered a trip 
taught to her by one of her  girlfriends back at college.
	She pulled her mother's plump cheeks apart, then  pushed them 
back together, rhythmically.  Then she used  her fingertips to 
tease her puckered anus.  Tess moaned at  the touch.
	"Yes....Oh yes..." She gasped.  "It feels so good."
	Needing no more encouragement, Katie knelt behind  her mother 
and teased her again.  First with her fingers, then  with her 
tongue.  Katie buried it deep in her mother's rectum  while she 
pumped to fingers in and out of her dripping  pussy.
	"That's it,"  Tess hissed, as she rocked back and  forth. "So 
good!  So fucking good!"
	Hearing her mother talk like that helped push Katie  over the 
edge, but she was determined to hold back a little  longer.  
She knew her mother was close, she wanted it to  build to a 
rousing climax.  A few minutes later she felt  Tess's rectum 
clamp down on her tongue as her pussy  pulsed around her 
fingers. She plunged her mouth into her  mother's  box and was 
rewarded a second later with an  explosion of girlcum which 
saturated her face.
	Katie hardly had time to recover her composure  before her 
mother maneuvered her onto her back. Immediately Tess had her 
face between her daughter's legs  and went to work on her.  Her 
head bobbed up and down as  she tongue her through one orgasm 
after another. Tess  couldn't remember having ever  come so 
much.  Her mother  seemed insatiable, unwilling to break 
contact with the  woman she had given birth to.
	Finally Katie managed to pull her up and kissed her. They 
spent long minutes liking the cum off each others  faces.  Then 
they just laid there naked, talking, and  exploring aspects of 
each others lives that they had never  dared  before.  They 
would make love many times before  Katie returned to school, 
but nothing would ever match the  intensity of this first time. 
 Still it never stopped them from  trying.

End
