
                      LINDA'S PASSION   


  Linda reached over and nervously fumbled with the car's radio
station.  John looked over, his eyes falling to Linda's black
leather miniskirt, and he could just barely see the top of her
sheer black stocking, and as she crossed her legs again, the
bright silver garter tab came into his view.  Just then he looked
up to find her stunning green eyes looking into his, with a
sparkle he had never seen before.  He felt his cock stiffen in
his slacks.

  "How much farther is it?", she asked, looking into his eyes all
the time.  Both of their imaginations had been running rampant
ever since they had talked to Joan and Dave earlier that week. 
John had met Dave over cocktails after a business meeting, and
the two had hit it off well.  After a few drinks, the
conversation had turned to sex.  Dave had told John that he and
his wife Joan were active swingers, and although they did not
discussed it much further, Dave had peaked John's interests. 
Since they had married seven years ago, John and Linda had always
enjoyed a great sex life, and were always ready to please one
another.  After reading a swinger's magazine for the first
time, they both had agreed that meeting a young attractive couple
like themselves turned them both on.  Linda had often verbally
fantasized about wanting another man, especially when watching it
happen during the X-rated movies they occasionally watched in the
den.  And once, while they had been fucking, John had also hinted
that seeing her with another man really turned him on.  As they
continued fucking, they both came harder than they ever had
before.

  The evening after he and Dave had discussed it, John and Linda
talked about it, and both could tell that they wanted this to
happen.  They decided to call Dave and Joan and talk some
more about.  They did, and all four agreed to meet the next
weekend on a "no commitment" basis.  Later, in bed after they had
talked on the phone they made love, and Linda was even more
excited than usual, and John could tell she was already very
turned on about Dave and Joan.


   John pulled the Mercedes into the driveway of the address that
Dave had given him.  As they approached the door, they turned to
one another and kissed lightly but passionately as a sign of
trust and love.

  Dave answered the door, dressed in a silk shirt and slacks. 
Tall, dark haired and muscular, his sexy blue eyes showed a
friendly and sexy look. Linda felt herself tingling already.
As they walked in Dave and John shook hands, and Dave kissed
Linda lightly on the lips. 

  When they saw Joan, both Linda and John were floored by her
beauty.  Like Linda, Joan had beautiful shoulder length blonde
hair and a model's face and figure.  She wore a burgundy knee
length dress, with a deep v-cut showing her breasts to fine
advantage.  When they walked in, Joan quickly arose to greet
them.  She was only about 5'-3", but she was wearing 3 1/2" spike
heels, so she was about Linda's height.  Joan and Linda sat on
the sofa as their husbands made drinks for them.

  They chatted about their lives and their jobs, and got to know
each other. Eventually, they talked about the swinging lifestyle. 
As they talked about their turn-ons, Joan mentioned that they
enjoyed taking lots of photos of their swinging activities, and
asked Dave to get one of their photo albums. 

  Joan sat between Linda and John, and as they thumbed through
the photos, one of them showed Linda going down on a spectacular
looking redheaded woman.  Linda had fantasized about being with
another woman, but never thought she could bring herself to it,
but as she looked at the photo of Joan, she could feel her pulse
quickening.  Linda could feel the back of Joan's hand lightly
touching her nylon covered thigh, and as she looked up she saw
Joan looking into her eyes.

  "Looks delicious, doesn't she?", asked Joan.  With that, lust
built inside Linda to a fever pitch.  Joan set the book on the
coffee table, and she gently kissed Linda's lips.  As Linda
looked over to John, she could see the same lust in his eyes, and
both John and Dave had bulges in their slacks.

  "Come on, lets go into the other room", Joan said in a deep
voice.

  As Dave and John undressed, Linda and Joan stood at the end of
the bed and kissed passionately, touching each other's bodies
with the touch that only another woman can know.  The feel of
Joan's tiny tongue in her mouth made Linda's pussy drip like it
hadn't before.  As they embraced, Linda began removing Joan's
dress, leaving her wearing only her white lace garter belt, sheer
white stockings and her heels.  As Linda went to unhook the
stockings, Joan said "No.......leave them on....they make Dave
crazy, and from what I can see, John looks like he likes them
to."  Linda and Joan looked over, and both men were seated on the
edge of the bed with raging hardons.

  Joan now removed Linda's blouse and skirt, and Linda was left
wearing a black garter belt, seamed stockings and heels.  Joan
fell to her knees in front of her, and began stroking her nylon
covered thighs.  Joan kissed the insides of her thighs, making
her way up to Linda's dripping pussy.  When Joan could take it no
longer, she moved Linda's legs a few inches apart, and slowly
began darting her tongue between Linda's swollen lips.  The taste
of Linda's pussy reminded Joan of a sweet chablis, and she drank
it in just as willingly.  She got up from her knees, and once
again kissed Linda deeply, and Linda could taste her own wetness
on Joan's tongue.  They collapsed onto the bed facing one
another, then shifted into a sixty-nine position.  The two women
then made love to each other's pussies.  Linda could not believe
her own animalistic drives.  She began licking Joan's pussy very
hesitantly, but the unmistakable Joan's sweet taste simply made
her eager for more.  She began inserting her tongue even deeper
into Joan, then  concentrated her attentions on Joan's sensitive
button.  As Linda's actions took the desired effect, Linda could
feel Joan's probing tongue expertly flicking her swollen clit,
and her hips began moving in a rhythm just like that of Joan's
administrations.  Joan put two of her slim fingers into Linda's
wetness, and as she did so, she could feel Linda's hips begin to
buck even more.  Joan pulled the straps of Linda's garter belt
bow string tight to steady her hips so that her lips could not
miss the juicy target.

  Dave moved over and pulled Linda up, and their lips met. His
tongue searched out hers, and Linda could feel the wetness
dripping inside her.  Dave could easily taste Joan's wet juices
on Linda's tongue, and his already hard cock became even firmer.
Linda reached out and  touched his erect cock, and she marveled
at how much different his cock felt than John's...a little
shorter, but much thicker.

  Joan was sucking John's cock as he gently sucked her clit,
which was already wet with her juices and his wife's saliva. 
They then moved on to the bed next to Linda and Dave.  Linda was
now lying on her back with Dave licking her right nipple.  Joan
began licking her left nipple, and with that, Linda felt as
though she might come too soon.  As John became more excited by
seeing this, he moved up on the bed and placed his cock between
Linda's waiting lips.

  Linda couldn't believe how erotic this was......Joan and Dave,
a gorgeous sexy couple (before this night strangers) making love
to her while her husband's cock was in her mouth.  As Linda
sucked the hard cock, Joan moved up and began licking the part of
John's cock that wasn't buried in Linda's mouth.  Together, they
made loved to John's cock and John had to concentrate so as not
to lose it.  Then, Linda moved her mouth to the end of John's
cock, and stuck her tongue into Linda's mouth.  The two began
kissing and twirling their tongues around John's cock.  Linda
could feel the sweet, feminine tongue at the same time as feeling
the erect manly cock in her mouth, and the feel was
indescribable. 

  At the same time, Dave moved to Linda's dripping pussy, and
separating the sweet lips of her cunt with his tongue, she could
feel his mustached lips find her clit, now very erect from all
Joan's talented lips and tongue.

  As Dave's skilled tongue and lips toyed with her clit, she
shuddered lightly.  Joan laid on her back next to Linda, and John
moved down between her legs.  As both the blondes looked down
they could see the two husbands going down on the their pussies.
John began licking Joan's lips, which he found were less full
than Linda's, but tempting none the less.  As Joan watched the
two men eating them, she turned her head toward Linda, and
Linda's lips were awaiting hers.  The kissed deeply, Linda's
tongue virtually fucking Joan's mouth.  Linda was close to
cumming, she thought, and hadn't had a cock inside her yet! 
Linda reached out and found Joan's erect nipples.  Joan's
nipples, although not as long as her's were much larger, and
Linda's smooth fingers pulled and tweaked Joan's.

  Dave got up on his knees and continued to stroke his cock as he
watched his wife and Linda make love.  John looked up and was
ready to stick his erect cock inside of Joan's hot pussy.

  Joan then said "Dave..........you know what I want to see now!"

  "Well, hon, I don't know........" he replied.

  Sensing the uncertainty, Linda said "John, if it's okay with
you, it's just one of those things that gets Dave and I
off...please, you and Dave stroke each other's cocks while Linda
and I watch? Nothing heavy....just jerk each other off a little?"

  John never had thought of himself as bisexual, although an
occasional fantasy of touching another man's cock had entered his
mind from time to time.  John looked into his wife's eyes, and
now could see a look he had NEVER seen before. She gave him a
look that left no doubt that not only did she give approval, she
WANTED him to.  He made up his mind.

  John took Dave's cock in his hand.  Dave's cock felt so much
different than his own.  Dave's cock was a full inch shorter  
than his, but thicker.  As he moved the skin back and forth in a
pumping motion, he found that touching his friend's cock was not
unpleasurable, and to his surprise, he found his own cock getting
harder as he did so.  Then as Dave stroked his cock, John almost
came...he had never been touched by another man.  Maybe it was
his touch, or maybe it was seeing his wife making love to another
woman.......maybe it was both........the sheer eroticism of the
evening was factor.

  Linda could stand it no, longer.  She motioned for Dave to
release his hold on her husband's cock, and he kneeled between
her legs.  Dave ever so slowly inched his fat cock into her wet
pussy.  As he did so, Linda's pussy began to contract, and she
knew that this all had made her orgasm very close.  Joan,
meanwhile moved around the bed, and gently moved her cunt inches
from Linda's lips, allowing Linda to enjoy the taste of Joan's
pussy at the same time as Dave's talented cock.  Joan reached out
and grabbed John's cock, and pulled it to her waiting lips.

  "Aaaaahhhmmmm......" John could hear Linda's moans of ecstasy
as Dave fucked her with long slow strokes, and her moans were
stifled as Linda's mouth were now full of Joan's pussy and
juices.  His own climax was building, as Joan expertly licked up
and down his hot shaft.

  Dave was ready to come, and Linda could sense her own orgasm
starting.  As her hips bucked up to meet Dave's thrusts, she let
loose, and uncontrollable shudders.  Dave came and shot a huge
load into her pussy, and her own juices flowed  uncontrollably.
As Linda's orgasmic reactions ebbed, she looked down and saw him
remove himself from her pussy, with small amounts of cum, still
clinging to the tip of his cock.  Linda released John's cock and
rolled over on her back and John eagerly pushed his cock inside
her.  As John fucked her with hard deep strokes, Joan was
experiencing her own orgasm.  Linda then kissed Joan deeper than
she had ever kissed anyone (including John, she thought), and as
she did so she looked up into John's eyes, and the looks of love
between them were only surpassed by the looks of pleasure.

  Linda then got up on her knees and her lips met John's and a
kiss of passion unequaled in their relationship.  Meanwhile,
Dave moved up and Joan began sucking her husbands cock, tasting
his cum and Linda's juices mixed together, the taste of which was
far better than any expensive wine they had ever tasted.

  Joan's hips began to buck furiously, and her orgasm came. 
John, at the same time began shooting his cum, and Joan's hips
moved so frantically, that John's cock came out for a split
second, and a long jet of cum shot out on Joan's thigh, onto her
shiny stocking. Linda immediately licked her husband's cum off of
Joan's nylon stocking, and then began sucking Joan's clit to
assure Joan of the same intense orgasm as she had just had.  The
taste of John's cum inside of Joan's sweet pussy made her own
pussy quiver again.

  They all laid back in each other's arms, exhausted and
satisfied.  As they sipped glasses of wine, they all four knew
that had made new friends and lovers that night, and that would
remain so for a long time.

  Before they left, Dave and Joan invited them to a party at
their home in two weeks which several couples would attend. John
and Linda eagerly accepted..................


          **********TO BE CONTINUED**********


