
C h a p t e r  6
 The light grazing of nipples against the heavy muscled arm,
popped Lisa's inverted left nipple and she felt the delightful
squirm of her pussy experiencing the tremor of an orgasm.
 Lisa placed her ice blue eyes on George's face.
 "I'm married George, not dead! Bill and I get along fine, but
I do what I do, and Bill does what he does. We don't own each
other."
 "As a matter of fact, I think we're just leasing, that's why
I'm not wearing a brassiere either," Lisa leaned forward,
hunching her shoulders slightly, allowing George free vision of
her succulent pink nippled breasts.
 "Like to see more of these?" Lisa purred, moving her shoulders
so her full succulent breasts quivered and shook with ripples.
 "I'm interested, what do we do about it?" The husky black
growled.
 "You've got me anytime you want me. Just whistle."
 George pursed his lips, a slow long whistle emitted from his
mouth.
 "Bill", she called out, "George and I are going to talk about
that insurance policy on the house. Do you want to come along
and talk about it now?"
 Bill, deep in conversation with Susan waved her a negative
gesture.
"You two look, I'm busy here," his eyes devouring Susan.
 Susan's infectious laughter brought giggles from the ladies
and a chuckle from Bull.
 Bill knew where Lisa and George were going. Their planned
evening was working out well. He knew that Lisa would put on
an excellent show for the tape recorder and camera that they
could watch later that night, or any other night they might
choose to watch the action.
                           ..
 Lisa led George down the hallway to the master bedroom, where
the camera was hidden in the closet. The camera lens peeked out
between the clothing hung in the closet. Focused on the bed
and the mirror on the wall, to give the over sexed husband and
wife two views of her adventures with big George.
 George's hands slid up under her skirt, Lisa pulling away
from his hands.
 "Not so fast, my friend. Just sit down here on the bed while I
close and lock the door," Lisa slipped the lock.
 "Now, my friend I've been showing you what I've got, now it's
time to let me see what you've got. You sit down and let little
Lisa do it all for you."
 Positioning the husky black male where the camera was focused,
she sat on the edge of the bed, her heel sliding to touch the
floor switch that turned on the video camera and recorder. Lisa
reached her fingers to his zipper and drew it down, the teeth
making a soft buzzing sound as she pulled it down from his belt
buckle to his crotch.
 Her hand sought the opening, delving into the warmth of his
groin searching for the male bar at the opening of his jockey
shorts.
 Success! Her fingers touched the soft bar and drew it from
it's hiding place. Drooping like a ripe banana, his thick
skinned male organ emerged. Soft, it hung down from his open
fly, as she pulled harder unwinding his cock from it's stowed
hiding place, drawing it out to it's full length. It hung,
semi soft, semi hard, black shafted with a pinkish black,
mushroom shaped knobby head half hidden with foreskin.
 "That feel good, honey?" She asked as she stroked his heavy
foreskin lightly back and forth over the bulbous knob of his
male black cock. She knelt between his outstretched knees and
leaned forward into his crotch.
 "Better and better," was his husky low voiced answer. His cock
began to thicken as her hands fondled lovingly, touching the
silken skin lightly with her fingertips, tracing the heavy
black veins that stood from the circumference of his mighty
rod.
 She began milking his black prick from root to tip, squeezing
on the pulling stroke, lightly pushing the skin back toward his
balls on the return caress, until she was rewarded be a clear
drop of honey oozing from the deep set hole in the glans of his
pecker, which welled out, a crystal jewel of liquid sparkling
against the pink blackness of his knob.
 "I really like it when a prick starts leaking!" Lisa murmured
with a lascivious lick of her red lips. "I get turned on
something fierce when I get to swallow even just a little bit
of cum!"
 She traced the heavy swollen veins standing out from the
basalt blackness of the stem of his cock with one hand while
the other opened the tie at the side of her blouse, pulling it
open to bare her succulent breasts to him.
 His black hand covered one, squeezing and touching the soft
flesh, finger rubbing the erect nipple, coaxing it further.
 Her quick hand now pumped his prick with increasing pressure
squeezing and pulling. Juice welling from the deep hole in the
tip, began to pearl and then to run down over the knobby
head. Bending slightly forward, her pink tongue dipped into
the juice of his honey, licking it from the smooth skin. Her
palate, rewarded, savored the sticky liquid that spread to coat
her tongue and the inner surface of her mouth.
 Pumping more, the juices began to run from his glans, while
she caught another droplet then touched the opening of his
black prick to the pink nipple of her breast.
 The nipple sparkled as she coated it with the honey welling
from his cock. She ran her tight fingers to the base of his
cock milking it toward the tip, squeezing the clear honey out
to hang on his glans in a thick pearl.
 She bent, squeezing more until the quivering droplet hung,
then left the dark knob to descend slowly to her pink erect
nipple.
 The juice dripped to the tip of her nipple then clung, slowly
transferred from his cock to the tip of her breast, quivering
as she watched it, then dripped from her pointed tit in one
long spider web.
 She caught the web thin hanging droplet on her finger,
transferring it to her mouth, savoring the coating on the
membrane of her pink tongue. She was having flashbacks of the
Alameda theatre now, visualizing in fantasy the other black
prick squirting on her cunt and belly and the taste of the
black cum in her mouth. She pulled his long cock harder,
jacking him off, her hand flew on the thick black root clutched
between her grasping palm.
 "George, I've always had this fantasy, of sucking off a big
black prick and swallowing the juicy cum. I'm going to suck all
the juice from your prick, and then let it slide slowly down my
throat."
 The blonde wife bent forward, touched her pointed pink tongue
to the honey welling from the slitted hole in his black prick,
laving the head with her flickering tongue.
 Lisa rolled his heavy foreskin out from his groin, gathering
it around the head of his prick in her mouth, forcing her
flickering tongue between the heavy folds of soft skin and the
swollen head.
 She delighted in the different taste, the musky savor of skin
between his black soft foreskin and the salty taste of the
honey welling from the head of his cock.
 "That's it honey. Suck me. Suck up my juicy cock. Take it
all and suck the cum right out of my balls."
 His hoarse voice implored her to more suction, his black hands
and black fingers busy milking and squeezing her full breast
and coaching her nipples to stand up hard.
 "Uummm," her muffled answer came from deep in her throat,
around the prick in her well stuffed mouth.
 Lisa pulled back. George's black hard prick, free from her
sucking mouth, stood pounding from his groin.
 "I like the taste of your cock, George. Will you let me suck
it off, and cum in my mouth? I'd like to feel your sperm all
over the inside of my mouth and tongue, and then swallow it
all. That's been my fantasy, and now will you help me fulfill
it?"
 His big black hands cupped her head tenderly, drawing her face
back down over the thick black stalk welling milky juices onto
a thick glob of silver honey at the tip of his prick.
 Her sensitive tongue feeling the surges in his cock head as the
throbbing increased to a steady beat. Sliding her mouth farther
engulfing more and more of his prick, feeling the bulbous head
go deeper and deeper until her nose rested against his belly,
cushioned by the wiry black hair in his groin, the zipper teeth
scraping her nostrils.
 She swallowed, her throat gulping, massaging his glans with
her throat then tight lipped she pulled back, milking his cock
with her mouth, savoring the musky juice coating her oral
cavity. Twice more her mouth forced the length of his black
prick, deep throating him, when he started to shudder, his body
tensing.
 Once more her lips traveled from tip to root, then holding his
surging prick with the hand farthest from the camera lens, she
pulled her lips free and open mouthed, aimed his prick to the
opening, a distance of about five or six inches.
 She jacked and pumped the black rod, turned on by the thought
of the camera catching the juice from his balls entering her
lips, thinking of the juice spraying out from the tip of his
cock into her ready waiting and eager mouth.
 The first ropy squirt spanned the space to splash into her
mouth, a glob of silver musky juice, thick as tapioca pudding,
and she leaned slightly closer to catch the second spurted
offering, trapping it with her open mouth.
 As the squirting black prick spurted less sperm, she followed
with her mouth, closer now to the spitting squirting end of his
cock, until she had captured the last of the sticky sperm in
her open mouth.
 Slowly her lips slid over the pink black knob and sucking she
pulled all of his still pulsing prick into her mouth, feeling
it soften. Lisa's fingers tightened at the base of his prick,
squeezing the thick shaft upwards, her fingers on top of his
rod, thumb underneath as she slowly squeezed the sticky hot cum
from his prick, watching the pearly sperm form on the clefted
black glans.
 Her head slowly bent over his cock, as she began to lick at
the sperm with the tip of her tongue, swirling her pointed pink
tongue into the hole. Licking up all of his sticky silver juice
from the tip of his knob, down to his balls, cleaning off all
of the escaped wetness, then pulled his cock back into her
mouth.
 Gently sucking at the lump of flesh, savoring the juices and
the feel of the softening satin smooth skin. Lisa suckled at
his sperm, catching and holding the glob of hot sperm, then
turning her head slightly to face the hidden VCR camera, the
avidly prick sucking blonde allowed droplets of his juice to
escape from the corners of her mouth, for the camera.
 Pulling his cock back, George began to draw it from her lips,
while she sucked it like a large, fat piece of spaghetti, until
it fell from her lips with an audible pop.
 "Now it's my turn. My turn to suck you off, Lisa."
 The husky black male leaned forward, holding Lisa's shoulders
with his big hands as he pulled he forward and up onto the bed.
 "George, I'd rather not, we've been in here so long that
someone will wonder what happened to us, and besides, when I
get a tongue in my pussy, I like to keep it there one long
time."
 "To hell with the others," George growled.
 "Well, at least think of my husband out there," Lisa smiled
demurely, eyes cast down, trying to look as virginal as
possible.
 "I do have a marriage and a reputation to protect, but I'd
sure take a rain check for some time later, maybe even later
tonight, if this party ever gets livened up like I think that
it will, especially if you help it along by sexing it up out
there with the other girls."
 "You mean you want me to help you turn this party into an
orgy?"
 "Now that would be fun, wouldn't it George. How would you
like to fuck one of the girls out there? And which one would
you like to fuck, besides me?"
 "Well," his brow furrowed with thought, "I've already fucked
Betty plenty of times, and you would be my next choice, but I'd
like to fuck that little blonde sexy bitch Susan, too."
 "Then why don't you help me out and let's get sexy out there
with the others until we get a full blown swinging orgy
started."
 "I'll do it, let's go get the fucking started."
 "Slow down now," Lisa's voice calmed down the big ex football
player, "we've got to play this cool, letting the others warm
up a little slow if we want to get a real swinging orgy
started. We might get them all a little drunk, and relax any
inhibitions they may have. Then when they are all relaxed and
happy, then bang, we fuck all of them!"
 George broke into laughter at her light hearted planning, not
really sure if she was kidding him, or really planning a full
blown orgy for the group tonight.
 "Are you serious, Lisa?"
 "You bet your ass I'm serious, do you want to help out, and
then fuck Susan, or not?"
 "Sure, I'll help. What do you want me to do?"
 "Here is what we'll do, as soon as we get around to it, later
this evening, we'll ...
                      ...
