C h a p t e r  4

Both men were working as a team now. One with finger busy
slipping in and out of her cunt, while the other petted the
clit standing from the soft lips of her pussy. Lisa was coming
continuously with both pairs of male fingers fucking her cunt.
Suddenly, she dropped her eyes from the screen. The seat in
front of her was occupied, but not in the usual manner.
In fact, the owner of the seat was not facing the screen at
all.
He had turned and was staring directly between her wide open
thighs, as her feet rested high on the seat, exposing all of
her legs, her soft wet cunt, and, her curvaceous ass as well.
He was staring deeply into her opened thighs, watching as the
two busy hands and twirling fingers were fucking her squelching
wet cunt.
Her instinctive female reaction took over. Her open thighs
snapped tightly together, protecting her pussy from the man's
view, pulled at her skirt and drew it down over her pussy and
legs.
Bill insistantly pulled her dress back up over her belly,
exposing her wet cunt, putting pressure on the inside of her
thigh to make her open her legs wider again. She realized that
Bill had probably noticed the newcomer before she had, knowing
he was watching her cunt. At first, she was tempted to fight
Bill's pressure on her thigh to open her legs, but than on
second thought, she relaxed and spread her legs, moving higher
on the seat to bring her hot steamy cunt closer to his staring
face.
 "Wild, baby, wild!" Lisa thought, squirming her ass in small
circles, undullating her belly upwards and spreading her legs
as wide as she could to give him and unobstructed view of her
cunt being finger fucked.
 She realized then, that the newcomer was black. Looking into
her pussy, his face almost between her open knees. She could
imagine how deeply his eyes were boring into her wet cunt as
she slowly raised her ass even higher to give him an open
visual channel to her pulsating cunt.
 The thought of a black man with his eyes on her hot wet pussy,
open and inviting, brought her to another shuddering release,
the juice cascading from the wet lips of her cunt to pool
between her thighs and soak slowly onto the seat under her
naked writhing ass, dripping down the seat bottom in a long
glistening trail.
 "If he wants to see my cunt being finger fucked by two guys,
  then I'll give him a good eye full," Lisa's mind murmured.
 She could see the black's shoulder moving in rhythm and she
realized he was jacking off. He was staring into her pussy and
jacking off. Another orgasm twisted her body, her belly
rippling from the force, her pussy making the sound of one wet
kiss then another, as she soon started her almost continuous
series of orgasms. The image of his black cock being pumped in
his black fist was almost more than she could take.
 The luscious blonde housewife's belly contracted in orgasm's
one after the other as she felt the lust being radiated by the
three men, one on each side with their fingers in her cunt, one
in front staring into her wet and open crotch, while she pumped
on their cocks with each hand.
 Lisa mind spun, her heated blood roaring in her ears as she
realized how much she was enjoying this sexual encounter. Her
fingers busy fondling the throbbing slippery cocks while she
exposed her open lipped cunt to finger fucking, enjoying with
sexual abandon, the voyeur watching.
 She discovered, in a flash of insight, that she loved being
looked at while she was indulging in sexual play. She liked
having her bare and naked pussy looked at by anybody, and the
closer they were, the better!
 Bill's cock thudded in her hand, swelling and jumping as he
slid forward in the seat. Her hand pumped faster, squeezing
more, jacking the juice from his balls, until with a soft
groan, his prick began to spurt. The first juicy spasm sent
sperm flying high over the back of the seat in front of him,
next to the black. The second spurt jumping even higher and
Lisa could see it against the lighted screen. She began to
count under her breath.
 "Three", as she felt and watched the silver sperm leap free of
his prick, "Four, five, six," the spasms pumped the juice out.
"Seven...."
 After a few seconds delay, sperm again shot from his balls.
Twice more, "Eight and nine," she counted, then was amazed as
once more his prick swelled and the last juice squirted free.
This time the juice thinner, the last squirt shot almost as
high as the first two, then settled to a slow dribble of cum
oozing down his cock and over her fingers.
 Her cunt again spasmed, overlaying the almost constant orgasms
she was having, when she felt the swelling and the increased
rigidity of the prick in her right hand, Lisa realizing that
her seatmate was about to cum.
 Lisa slithered her hand down to the base of his huge male
organ, squeezing him hard in her hot fist, then slowly relaxing
 her pressure, began to pump his cock with long strokes from
the base to the tip, trying to milk him with increasing
pressure as her fingers felt the ridge of his glans against the
circle of her closed clenched fist. Her movements became a blur
as she stared at his bulging prick, wanting to see the juice
squirt.
 She could feel his body writhe as he lunged upwards, driving
his cock harder into her hand, when he groaned. His cock
jumping in her pounding fist, spurted. Not squirt after squirt,
as her husbands cock had done, but one continuous stream of cum
blasting onto the seat in front, an out pouring of liquid
shooting from the bulbous head of his dick.
 She wondered where he stored so much juice as his cock gushed
like a garden hose, arching high, splashing against the seat
and clinging like jelly globules to the hard slick seat back.
 She could feel the pouring of the hot liquid inside the
channel of his prick, swelling the root as his juice hosed out
of the hole, when she sensed the slowing of the hot juicy
stream coming from his huge prick.
 She began a long rolling orgasm, her ass undullating, her
thighs wide open to the black's gaze, as she milked the sperm
from both pricks, feeling it oiling her fingers as she watched
the slippery hot juice bubbling and slowly dripping from the
slitted heads of their softening cocks.
 Her voice, soft, keening a sexual sound, repetitive and animal
like as her lust enveloped her mind, her ice blue eyes slitted
like a cat as her trim body shook with sexual pleasure.
 The black rose, kneeling, his cock level with with the top of
the seat, his big black hairy balls hanging from his prick,
bulged out over the seat back, Lisa realizing that he must
have pulled his pants down allowing his black cock more freedom
as he watched her being finger fucked.
 The thick black veins were standing out on the knobby stem as
he slowly stroked his black thick prick, aiming it at the apex
of her hairy wet pussy as he slowly pumped.
 She felt an overwhelming urge to gather the pinkish black head
of his prick in her mouth, she leaned forward to touch his
thick black prick with her tongue. Her white fingers slowly
grasped at his testicles as he continued to pump his cock.
 Unable to help herself, as if mesmerized, her hands reached
for the masturbating cock. The sensuous blonde's fingers
tracing the thickened skin of his balls with her fingertips,
scratching at the rough surface of his hard and hairy
testicles, feeling his hand over hers, holding her to his
jerking prick while he still stared at her hot, wet and open
pussy.
 She slid her fingers higher along the black shaft, displacing
his hand from his organ, leaning forward, running her hot pink
tongue questingly over the leaking end of his knob. His musky
honey was oily on her lips as she slithered and swirled her
flickering wet tongue over the swelled and spongy glans.
 Her lips slightly opened and her head plunged forward, her
full lips gathering his big hard black prick in the emptiness
of her sucking mouth.
 Her hands, free to roam, went around his body to cup his
muscular buttocks, pulling him deeper into her mouth until her
nose was pressed against the wiry hair of his belly and his
cock head slid down into the slickness of her throat.
 As she withdrew her lips, sucking the hard root, twirling her
tongue, she felt him began to lunge his cock back into her
mouth, fucking her face as he came closer to shooting his hot
wet juices. Lisa's fingers touched his balls, feeling as hard
rocks, tightly pulled up against his belly, knowing that his
big cock was just seconds from shooting his cum.
 One last hard suck on the swollen knob was all it took to
bring him off. Lisa released his prick from her mouth and
slumped back down into her seat, her legs splayed wide, wet
hairy pussy presented to him, breasts bare and quivering for
his cum.
 The first spurt splashed onto her bare belly and stuck. The
second, perhaps better aimed, struck her wetly furred opening
full into the pink distended lips of her pussy.
 Her hand darted to grasp his spraying prick, clasping it in
her fingers, opening her mouth, aiming it to her face. His
salty musky sperm shot between her open lips to cling to her
pink tongue like pudding as her hand milked, wishing for
another taste. She rolled her tongue, savoring the hot spermy
liquid as he shot his cum again. This spurt missed her face but
fell to her quivering breasts, clinging, dribbling down the
smooth softness of her chest.
 Her fingers gathered some of the juice from her tits and wiped
the sticky liquid onto the soft hair of her pussy, feeling the
slickness seep into her juicy wet pink opening, satisfying
momentarily the sexual lusty feelings flooding her feverish
brain.
 As Lisa was slathering the sticky slick juice into her pussy,
she noticed that the credits were advancing on the screen,
realizing that the first movie was over, the lights would be be
on very quickly.
 The theatre lights slowly began to brighten, while Lisa busily
smoothed her skirt down over her legs, buttoned the front of
her dress, covering her sperm covered slick tits beneath the
material of her top, feeling the wetness of the clinging sperm
on her tits sticking to the material at the top of her dark
orange jersey dress, holding the cloth to her breasts.
 "Thank God, that it's wash and wear," Lisa thought to herself,
knowing the sperm stains were unmistakable to any cleaner in
the country.
 Lisa leaned forward to the black seated now in front of her.
 "You do have a lovely prick there, and I enjoyed sucking you
off. Thank you for giving me a nice evening."
 Her seatmate smiled, his white teeth flashing from his black
face as he said, "My pleasure, Ma'am."
 Looking over to her right, Lisa found that her companion with
the large prick had departed without even thanking her for
jacking him off. Without any words, Lisa and Bill began to
move from their seats to the exit.
 Lisa noticed several men in the rear rows, and two couples at
the side, all with hard pricks being stroked and a couple at
one side of the theatre balcony were engaging in a mutual
masturbation exhibition for the three men seated at each side,
watching.
 As they left the balcony and walked through the lobby, Lisa
could feel the black's sperm, gluelike, inch down one curved
thigh, until it freed itself from her body leaving a silver
spot on the carpet like saliva spat from someones lips.
 "Jesus, Bill, what a great night. My mind is blown."
 Her body felt weak and her mind filled again with the sight
and fury at the sensuality she experienced in the theatre. Her
pussy still slithery, both from her own juices and the sperm
that shot over the seat row and was rubbed into the soft hairy
opening.
 As Bill unlocked the car door for her, Lisa felt that she
wanted to fuck Bill as soon as she got him home, also feeling
that she had to talk to him as soon as possible about what they
had experienced tonight in the theatre. She used her power as
they drove home.
 "I really enjoyed watching my wife get turned on tonight. When
she jacked off that guy, I got even hornier than ever before,
and when she sucked off that guy, wrapping her tongue on his
black joint, I almost came again. Boy is she sexy. I love her
so much that I want to fuck her hot snatch all wet with cum as
soon as I get home. I'd like to talk her into doing this again.
What a sexy wife I have."
                        ...






 g them to both
groins and she began to pump harder, while watching the screen.
A red haired lady was getting her pussy sucked. Her sleek
thighs wide open, as the pink tongue was thrust into the furry
opening between her legs.
 "Jesus, what a turn on," Lisa thought. "Here I am, with a hot
throbbing prick in each hand, my husband and another guy I
don't even know, finger fucking my pussy, while here on the
screen a six or seven foot pussy is being licked by a guy with
a five foot to
