
C h a p t e r  12
 DumDum moved over her clutching fingers, his hind quarters
were undulating and hunching as he drove his red cock through
the hole formed by her fingers. Watching the red rod inches
from her eyes turned her cunt to mush, exciting her. She began
tickling his cock with the tips of her fingers, holding him and
milking the juicy honey from the slit at the end of his
tapered cock.
 "Ah.. Dumdum. You like that, don't you?" she talked to the
hunching dog, watching him hunch harder into her clutching
fingers, driving the red tapered cock dripping fluid, fucking
her hand while he lapped furiously at her saliva wet cunt.
 His hot tongue slithered deeply into her pussy, not directly
inside as a prick would, but over the pink lips and between
them, spreading them with the force of his licking.
 Each lapping, starting at her asshole and traveling through
the hairy wet opening, to end with his long tongue titillating
her clitoris. Her hips and ass wriggled as she undulated her
body into the licking, coming almost continuously now.
 She ran her slippery fingers over his cock exploring the slit
at the tip, squeezing gently the pointed glans of his cock,
feeling the swelling cock increase in size and hardness.
 Two large lumps began to form at the base of his prick, one on
each side, his tongue hanging and dripping saliva, he raised
his huge head from her loins, his cock began shooting his
animal sperm. It squirted in a thin stream to splash on her
upraised thigh, again he spurted, then once more, the viscous
liquid clinging to the flesh of her leg, then slowly running
down to pool at the junction of her leg to her belly.
 Much less viscous than the cum she had experienced before,
the squirting juices hit, then ran quickly, not sticking to her
leg. She dipped her fingers into the almost clear juice, to rub
her fingers around, coating her hand with the cum of his animal
sperm, rubbing and laving it into her skin, then sucked the
residue from her fingers.... Dumdum flopped on the bed, his
ungainly long legs tangled as he began to lick his cock of it's
juices.
                               ..
 Bill's hands tenderly cupped Angela's face, feeling her cheeks
hollow as she moved her soft wet mouth smoothly over his prick,
licking and tasting, lovingly and slowly giving her boss a blow
job.
 A quick knock at the door brought Bill upright again, sitting
close to his desk as the door opened to his boss, and his
Boss's secretary.
 "Bill I need a minute of your time."
 "Come in Sam, what can I do for you?"
 "You can relax. You're looking like you're about to face a
firing squad, and also you can tell me who you think should go
to Chicago to the school for the new computers that the office
is getting."
 Bill felt Angela's soft wet tongue encircle his cock again,
her pointed tip delving into the wet slit bubbling with his
honey.
 Trying to take his mind off the pink tongue teasing his cock,
he looked at Sam's secretary, Marian. That was a mistake. He
knew that Marian and Angela were good friends, often hearing
office gossip and changes that were to take place from Angela,
long before Sam released the information.
 Marian had seated herself on the couch, lower than any of the
other chairs in his office, and was staring at the base of his
desk.
 Bill's mind went blank, wondering what she was staring at so
intently, when he saw her suddenly smile a Cheshire cat smile.
Her face looking like a cat with a bird in her mouth, traveled
up from the bottom of his desk to stare into his eyes.
 Bill knew that she knew that Angela was under his desk!
                          ..
 Slowly the Great Dane's tapered prick drew back into it's
hairy sheathed covering.
 Lisa had the urge to lick his animal prick, however, she
resisted the urge, not sure how Dumdum would react to her
tongue on his organ.
 Dumdum lay on the bed while Lisa showered. Her mind full of
the adventure, while her body was lathered with hot, soapy
suds. Her fingers slipping over her slippery skin as she rinsed
off the animal sperm from her legs, and the saliva and pussy
juice from her cunt, delving a finger deep inside her, then
tasting it. It tasted sweet and clean, fresh and just a little
like soap.
 She wondered if Dumdum's prick had spurted in her cunt, if it
would still taste the same.
 Lisa spent almost an hour in the bathroom, putting on her
makeup, drying and brushing her hair, just lazily fixing her
body to look it's best.
 Dumdum was not on the bed when Lisa came from the bath, and
the covers on the bed were straightened and smoothed as she
picked up in the bedroom.
                            ..
 Marian stared into Bill's eyes, then slowly her left eye lid
drew down in a ribald wink, letting him know that she knew what
was going on under his desk, and wouldn't tell.
 Slowly, with great poise, Marian crossed her legs, exposing a
great expanse of creamy thigh to Bill, still level into his
eyes. Her eyes flickered down to the bottom of his desk, then
up to his hidden groin, then up again to his eyes, when her
pink pointed tongue appeared licking her lips in a most obscene
and fluid movement.
 When her tongue vanished back into her full lips, she sent his
cock a silent kiss, out of Sam's sight, a lascivious lewd
facial movement, then giggled silently at his discomfort as
she opened her spiral ring notebook and nibbled on her pencil
as if it were a tiny prick, while she waited to put his
thoughts on paper.
 Angela's tongue, now exploring the rubbery foreskin of his wet
cock, moved to flicker at the clefted underside of his glans,
tickling and tasting the juicy honey flowing over the top of
his throbbing cock.
 "We've got several choices for the classes, and I want your
thoughts on who to send first," Sam interrupted Bill thoughts.
 Bill tried to concentrate. With Angela licking at his cock
under the desk, with Marian smiling lustily him, it was
impossible to think at all!
 "Quite obviously, we need to send the manager's, so that's
four," Bill ticked off the numbers on his fingers, "and we
should send at least two of the secretary's, that's six."
 Angela's tongue ceased it's torture on the end of his dick,
and instead he felt her sharp white teeth scraping the head of
his cock with gentle bites, followed by her hot breath as she
blew on the wet end of his prong.
 Bill took a deep breath, "and I think that we should send both
of the communication's people, since we need both as experts in
sending and receiving reports on the computers, and that's
eight."
 "Let me think now... " Bill's voice trailed off, not thinking
about the school at all, but instead, about Angela's hot mouth
which was madly sucking on the head of his dick, while Marian
silently giggled at his discomfort.
 Sam jumped to his feet, pacing the office floor, then stopped
to look out the window while Bill wrestled with his facial
muscles, trying to control feelings of intense pleasure
Angela's hot wet mouth was giving him.
 Bill was doomed when Angela's mouth deep throated his cock
once, then with one hand scratching at the skin of his balls,
the other gripping the stalk of his prick tightly, Bill felt
her start a rapid jerk off, licking and sucking at the leaking
head of his cock at the same time.
 He could feel the fire of sperm surging in his testicles, when
he glanced at Marian, Sam's back turned at the time.
 His boss's secretary glanced at Sam's back then pulled her
skirt up high enough to show Bill more of her warm thighs,
opening her legs to let Bill see her wet soaked panty crotch,
smiling lewdly at him.
 It was too much for Bill. His cock leaped, sending spurting
jets of hot sperm into Angela's suckling mouth, as Sam turned
away from the window and approached his desk.
 Bill felt the thudding of his cock's pulsations, his jets of
sticky cum flowing freely from his dick into his secretary's
mouth as Sam spoke to him.
 "Don't forget that both you and I, and our secretary's need to
go too. By the way, where is Angela right now?"
 Marian's glance went under the desk as Bill blandly waved his
hand, feeling Angela's wet pink tongue busy lapping at the head
of his prick, tasting the residue of cum still oozing from his
cock, using his prong like a lickable ice cream cone.
 "She's doing an errand for me now. She'll be done in a few
minutes and I'll have her call Marian when she's free."
 "Fine," Sam's voice boomed in the office, "you know Bill, what
I like about you is your ability to concentrate on a problem.
When you were thinking there about who to send to the school,
you're face looked like it was a million miles away. I like
that in a man, that he can really concentrate on the problem at
hand, excluding everything else around him."
 Bill wondered briefly what Sam would say if he only knew that
two of his employees were engaged in a sex act, almost before
his eyes, and what Sam had taken for concentration was his dick
spurting hot cum into his secretary's mouth.
 "Get a list from Bill, and then come back into my office,
Marian," Sam busily strode out the door, closing it behind him.
 "Come out, come out, where ever you are," Marian's contralto
whisper reached Angela under the desk.
 Bill's brunette secretary stuck her head out, then swiftly
rose to giggle at her friend. "Boy was that fun. I never had so
much fun in my whole life. I guess it really is a sexual turn
on when the danger of getting caught is present!"
 "I almost died when I saw your shoe under the desk, and I knew
what you were doing!" Marian laughed evily.
 Bill zipped up, shrugging his shoulder, tucking his shirt back
in place in his slacks.
 "Oh, it was good, it was really good," Angela almost sang, her
smiling face turned to Bill, "and now it's back to work for us
slaves."
 "Bill," Marian commanded, "I demand equal time, sometime. I
want to do a little under desk dinner, too!"
 "And I may just demand equal time, too, with you under my
desk," Angela lewdly grinned at Bill, "not only doesn't Herbert
let me suck his cock, but he's never, ever, eaten my pussy."
 "I'm sure Mr. Williams would be only too happy to eat your
pussy Angela, and maybe even mine too," Marian giggled, "though
hopefully not at the same time."
                            ..
 Lisa thought about her adventure, glad it wasn't on tape,
and wondered what Bill would think of her if he knew that she
had masturbated Dumdum to orgasm and had Dumdum lick her
pussy 'til she came. She half decided not to tell Bill about
Dumdum's talent in pussy licking, keeping it a secret between
Dumdum and herself. She also decided that the next time she
was alone with Dumdum she was going to give the animal a blow
job. The thought of his prick in her mouth, started her pussy
gathering moisture again, while she looked forward to sucking
the dog.
 A cold ham sandwich and a bowl of Campbell's soup, along
with a tall glass of skim milk, satisfied her for lunch,
afterwards brewing a hot cup of tea, sipping and talking to
Dumdum. He lay at her feet, sprawled out with his head on
his forepaws. 
 "You're not much of a stud, Dumdum." She chided the dog,
"one pop and you're pooped. Too pooped to pop, too pooped to
pop."
 She got up and began dancing around the room, acting silly and
singing to Dumdum, who leapt to his feet and raced around the
room as she sang in a little girls voice.
"He's too pooped, he's too pooped, he's just too pooped to
pop. Lick a pussy, lick a pussy, then he's got to stop."
 She sang the refrain over and over again, laughing while she
sang to Dumdum. She laughed and spread her arms wide in a
parody of a stage singer at the end of a song, and Dumdum took
it as an invitation, standing on his hind legs, his forepaws
clasping and going over her shoulders. Lisa staggered at his
weight, then hugged him close, his head higher than hers, his
foolish tongue lolling from his mouth.
 She petted his sleek faun colored coat, patting and
petted him telling him that he was a 'good dog,' then dropped
her hand to pet his soft belly and explore his male sheath. 
 She could feel the bony animal cock hidden inside the furry
foreskin and by stroking and milking, felt it harden a little
while the pink tip emerged to be tickled by her finger tips. 
 His weight, forepaws on her shoulders, was almost too much
for Lisa, pushing him down, took him home, fed him and waited
for Bill to get home. 
                           ..
 "Anything new at work, Bill?"
 "Not a thing, sweetheart, just the same old grind, how about
your day, anything exciting happen around the old homestead?"
 "Well, except for taking Dumdum for a walk, nothing new around
here either."
                            ...
