 C h a p t e r  1

 "What I'm trying to explain to you, is the I don't know if I'd
get horny or not. The only other time that I've seen another
man's cock since we got married, was when you brought that
movie projector home with the eight millimeter films that we
watched. I damn sure got horny that night! We couldn't wait to
get into bed, neither of us sleeping until daylight. We were
so fucked out we just laid around most of the day, Sunday!
 "Did looking at cocks before we got married, turn you on?"
 The blonde wife looked at her husband, reflectivily.
 "Well, I guess so."
 "What do you mean, you guess so?"
 "I mean yes! Of course it turned me on. Is that what you
wanted to hear?"
 "I didn't want to hear anything in particular, only the truth.
My point is that nudity can be sexy as hell."
 "Of course it can be sexy as hell, I just don't know if only
looking at just a man's cock would turn me on or not."
 Bill's eyebrows shot up.
 "And that's what I'm trying to explain to you, that how could
you know how your body and mind will act unless you experience
a given set of circumstances. Sometimes, something might sound
exciting, however in the real world, fact and fantasy might be
totally different."
 Lisa grinned back at Bill.
 "And just what have you got planned? The last time you started
this kind of conversation, you brought home a few fuck movies.
Now if the guy was jacking off his cock, and if it was erect,
then it just might get me all turned on!"
 "And, what if he wanted you to do the jacking?" her husband
asked with raised eyebrows.
 The pert blonde housewife grinned impishly at her husband.
 "Now I don't know who's talking about fact, and who's talking
about fantasy. Did you bring another of those films home and if
you did, let's get it out and get it on. To tell you the truth,
all this talking about sex has me just a little turned on. In
fact, it's got me a lot turned on. I'm starting to get damp
just thinking about getting it on tonight."
 "No honey, I didn't bring any film home, but if you're serious
about seeing a film tonight, we can go to that adult theatre on
Alameda Street and watch one, then come back home and make love
and drink brandy again."
 "I don't know if I'd rather make love, or just fuck. Actually,
I think I'd rather fuck, it sounds dirtier! Do they really show
everything in the Adult Movies?"
 "You bet your sweet ass, they show everything. It's not any
different than the eight millimeter films I borrowed and
brought home, except they are feature length films, with color
and sound, like any other movie."
 "Do couples go to those movies?"
 "I think that there's more single men there, or maybe married
men on a night away from their wives, but there are couples,
and once in a while a single lady comes in."
 "So, they only sit there and watch the movies, getting all
sexed up, is that it?"
 "Well, not always. Most of the time there are guys jacking off
in the back row, also sometimes a couple will get so excited
that they make it right there in the theatre."
 "Do you mean the men actually masturbate right there in the
theatre, with their pricks out, with everything showing?"
 "Sure, although it's a little dark for sight seeing."
 "But, what if someone should see them."
 "So what if they did?"
 "Well, I don't know, Bill, but it seems to me that they
wouldn't want anyone seeing them jack off."
 "Not necessarily true, my love. Some of them may get off on
having somebody watch them jack off, while others probably get
off, on watching. Nothing like a little voyeurism to speed up
the old bodily juices."
 "Well, it's speeding up my bodily juices, talking about
watching. I wonder what it would be like, seeing some guy take
his cock out and jack it off in a movie theatre?"
 "As much as you like my cock, you'd probably go bananas,
grabbing hold of it to help."
 "I wonder how many strokes they'd let me take?"
 "How many do you want to take?"
 "Bill, you know me. I never get turned off, so I'd probably
want to pump on the old handle all night long. Jesus, but I'm
getting horny talking about all this illicit sexual action."
 "Well then Lisa, let's get going and watch a couple of guys
jack off."
 "Jesus Bill baby," Lisa groaned, "that turns me on, thinking
about seeing some guys jacking off, so much so that I'd like to
make love right here and now. All of this talking about sex,
gets me excited, but if you want to go to a screw movie, then
why not. I'm game if you are, so give me a few minutes to get
dressed, don't want to wear these Levi's to the show."
 She spun, then turned back to face Bill.
 "Do you really think that some man would jack off with me
watching?"
 "If you don't get ready, you'll never find out, now will you?"
 She rushed from the room, her curvaceous ass undulating as she
almost ran down the hall to the bedroom. Stripping off her
Levi's and sweater, Lisa ran her hands over her brassiered
breasts then removed her white bra. Her luscious breasts
spilled from the brassiere cups, standing out from her
rib cage, quivering pink tipped nipples firm from thinking
about screwing. After all, if she got turned on in the movie,
it would be nice if Bill could touch her nipples.
 She quickly rushed into the shower, lathered her body with
soap suds and hot water, then just as quickly rinsed with cold
water, almost leaping out of the shower to dry, humming
while she rubbed the towel over her body until it glowed from
the cold water rinse and the towel.
 It had worked again. It always worked. Even when Lisa was a
little girl, it had worked. Lisa thought about her power.
 She'd found out when she was very young that if she thought
hard enough about anything that she could influence the end
result and bend the actions of others around to her pleasure.
 It was something like wishing to make it so. If she wished,
she could make almost anything happen. As she'd grown more
experienced, she had refined the techniques she used, until now
she didn't even have to think when she practiced her power.
 Distance seemed to have no effect on her power, it was more a
matter of knowing the person involved. She couldn't cause an
effect on a person she'd personally never met, but if she'd
either seen some one in the past, or at present was in
proximity to the person she'd met, she could make them do
almost anything within reason she desired.
 Even some very foolish things. She would move her thought to
what she called her echo chamber, a hollow between the top of
her spine and the back of her brain. It was here that the
thought process generated, and when she put her thoughts into
words, she could hear an echo of those words from her chamber.
 Whenever she used her power, the lovely female was able to get
her desires met.
 It didn't always work. For instance, it didn't work on
inanimate objects. When she was in her early teens she had
tried to influence both dice and drawing cards from a deck, but
that had never worked for her even later in her life when she'd
tried. People very were easy, while men were particularly easy
for her. When she thought in her echo chamber, the people she
pictured almost always had the thoughts that she'd projected.
 One of the things she could do was make animate objects fit
themselves into her whims. Most of what she'd done in her
past, dealing with animate objects was reflected in herself and
her figure, but it took a long time to sculpt flesh. Her own
contours were a stunning example.
 Her eyes as a child were almost a china blue, it took thinking
about them for every day for a year, to change them into their
now ultra pale, ice blue eyes. The long dark lashes to frame
her eyes were easier. The rest of her body took even longer,
and she was still working on it. From puberty, she'd worked on
her breasts, tummy, thighs, behind, and legs.
 She'd read most of the books on para psychology and none of
them seemed to cover her power. She had no psychic power, she
couldn't foretell any future event, she couldn't make any
inanimate object move, but she could influence people, and also
sculpt her own body.
 Another thing that she could do, was make people do what she
wanted, making them think that it was their idea in the first
place. In that she was most successful. She'd done it early in
the evening when she was feeling most horny, to her husband.
 She'd thought, "I think I'll take that sexy wench of mine to a
fuck movie tonight, get her pussy all wet from finger fucking,
then bring her back here and fuck her brains out."
 Like always, her husband Bill thought that it was his idea and
he'd maneuvered the conversation and talked all around it,
until he'd finally brought up the idea of the two of them going
to a fuck movie.
 It had worked again. Lisa Williams stood nude in front of the
bathroom mirror while she applied her make up. Her mild glowing
complexion required very little aid from the few items of make
up sitting on the wash basin cabinet, however Lisa enjoyed
making the best of her looks.
 A touch of blue eye shadow on the lids of her ice blue eyes. A
quick touch of eyeliner from a dark pencil outlined her lids, a
little line drawn outwards to make her already wide extra long
lashed sensual eyes look even more sensual.
 A brush dusted in a pale pink blush make up, applied to her
high cheek bones brought just a highlight of color to her pink
cheeks.
 Carefully, the beautiful lady unscrewed the top of her
lipstick and applied the glossy color to her full lower lip
then more lightly to her upper lip. Satisfied, she stepped
back one step, looked at herself in the mirror, turning her
head first one way, then the other.
 "Not too bad for an old lady of thirty two," Lisa thought.
 She had always considered her nose a trifle too short, her
lower lip just a bit too full, however, the sides of her mouth
were fixed in a natural smile even when she relaxed all of her
facial muscles, definitely giving her a most sensual look.
Her too short nose and too full lower lip had been corrected
long ago with her power. Her nose was now thinned down, the
nostrils flaring like a mare in heat when she was excited.
 She had no complaints about her thick mop of tawny blonde
hair, with a hint of a soft natural curl which made it easy to
both shampoo and brush. Her husband described her thick mop of
hair as "Mink Blonde", whatever that meant.
 Her sun tanned skin with the pale marks of her two piece
bikini, looked as if she were wearing panties and bra even
when she was nude.
 She placed her hands on her hips, thrusting out her breasts,
looking at herself in the still steamy mirror. The thick curls
of fur on her pussy were exactly the same color and softness of
curl as the hair crowning her head, the line of hair ending at
the bottom of her firm belly was so straight that it looked as
if it were shaved by a razor.
 Her breasts were another matter entirely. A shade too heavy
for her slim torso and very tiny waist. Lisa normally wore a
thirty six bra with a problem between a C cup and a D cup. The
C cup was sometimes too small and caused her boobs to bulge out
the top, the D cup was sometimes too large and felt loose on
her breasts.
 One of her current projects on self sculpting, was making her
breasts just a trifle heavier, and firmer. A full D cup would
be fine. Maybe another month at the most. She had to buy size
ten or eleven blouses to fit but she could wear either size
seven or eight if she bought skirts or pants. It caused her no
end of problems when buying a dress, since the tops were always
made for someone with a smaller chest, or the bottoms for a
bigger ass.
 The one part of her body that bothered Lisa, was her nipple.
The left one. It was partially inverted, sinking in on itself.
It gave her no end of problems, even though her doctor told her
that it was nothing to worry about.
 When she got horny, always, it would swell up inverted,
hurting when it was inside out. Then with no warning, it would
pop out of her full breast with such force that it always
brought her to orgasm the instant it popped free.
 It had been deliberate, maybe a little stupid, but Lisa
thought that she shouldn't seem too perfect and she'd figured
out that an inverted nipple might just offset the startling
beauty, so her power had been put to work on the nipple,
inverting it over the period of two years. If she didn't like
the result, she could always put it back in normal form in a
matter of a month or so.
 Lisa turned around, looking at her naked buttocks and back
over her shoulder, practicing a sexy look, eyes half closed,
wetting her full lower lip with the tip of her pink tongue. She
wriggled her body at her image in the mirror, looking at the
deep cleft between the cheeks of her ass, watching to see how
firm she was. The protruding cheeks of her ass were so firm
that they hardly even quivered, even though they stuck out
almost more than she would have liked.
 The last time Lisa had used a tape measure, she had a figure
that totaled out to thirty six and a half around her chest, a
very tiny twenty four even around her waist, her buttocks were
thirty five inches when measured at the fullest part of her
ass.

C h a p t e r  2

 Her full boobs, were another story. They quivered, shivered,
and jiggled like jelly any time she moved, that being the part
of her anatomy that men always looked at hard, after staring at
her face. Sometimes it became most embarrassing when men stared
at her tits, even though it did turn her on and make her feel
especially sexy. When they looked, she would fantasize about
having the person staring, also sucking and making love to her
tits.
 That was if she was facing a man. If he was behind her, Lisa
knew that it was her curved ass that they liked as they looked.
One of her favorite tricks, was to look suddenly over her
shoulder and catch some poor man staring at her ass, look him
straight in the eye and then smile. Most of the time they got
caught looking, they turned red and looked away, but sometimes,
when they smiled back, Lisa would feel the heated moisture
gather in the folds of her soft pussy.
 Men had always been easy for her. Her figure had changed when
she was fifteen. She had decided on her fourteenth birthday
that she'd always be a skinny bean pole, then with a spurt that
amazed everyone who knew her, she had turned from a skinny girl
into a full woman, all by harnessing her power over a few
years.
 First a thickening of fine peach fuzz on her groin then, a
thick patch of curly soft ringlets.
 Her nipples grew first, then her breasts started swelling,
continuing to grow for more than two years.
 She could remember that every time her mother bought her a
bra, within a month or two it was too tight. Her tits never
stopped growing until she was over eighteen.
 Casting her eyes over her nude body, Lisa decided that she was
lucky that she was a beautiful woman as she dashed from the
bathroom to her closet. The power worked. She really was a
stunningly beautiful woman.
 She slid the hangers in her closet to find a dress to make it
easier to have her pussy touched when Bill got turned on. She
picked a silky jersey dress with a button down front and picked
a wide black soft leather Italian belt to go with the dress.
 She decided not to wear hose, letting her long slim legs be
smooth and naked under her dress, quickly finding a pair of
new panties in her dresser, changed into the new lacy bikini
bottoms that showed the curvaceous cheeks of her ass.
 Slipping the dress on over her head, buttoning the top,
leaving a generous cleavage of her soft tits showing. Her tiny
waist cinched even tighter made her luscious figure even more
sensual.
 At the last instant, she turned, rummaging through her drawer
full of lingerie, finding at the bottom a pair of dark hose
cutout at the top of the thigh to leave her pussy bare. Pulling
them on, Lisa snapped off her bedroom light.
 Leaving the bedroom, Lisa sauntered downstairs.
 "Does this look like what the well dressed wife wears out when
she goes to a fuck movie?" Lisa twirled to show off her dress,
the dark orange jersey dress swirled around her slim legs. Her
full busted tits strained against the warm fabric, quivering
with no support from a brassiere.
 Bill admired her dress, patted her curved ass and grabbed her
hand.
 "Let's get going sweetness, before I pull that dress off your
gorgeous body and fuck you right here on the floor."
 "No Sir, No sir! You said you were going to take me to a
movie, and then make love, or maybe even fuck, which ever comes
first, and I'm holding you to that," Lisa said, pulling Bill to
the door, smiling at his compliment.
                             ..
 The theatre was dark, Bill guiding Lisa to the steps that led
to the upper balcony, walking higher up the long steep steps
until they were at the back row. Peering, they both tried to
see if anyone was in the seats at the rear.
 The rear row darkness was illuminated when one of the patrons
lit a cigarette with his flicked lighter. In the flash of his
lighter, they could see most of the seats in the center of the
row were unoccupied, Bill guiding and following Lisa as they
settled into the soft seats. Of the thirty or so seats in the
last row, most were empty, as they settled back and looked at
the screen.
 The screen had two young women licking on the erect cock of a
young man lying on the floor of what appeared to be a living
room. Both girls slowly sucking and twirling their wet, pink
tongues around the head of his prick, while one held his
testicles, gently kneading and squeezing.
 Lisa watched with interest, her initial embarrassment being
in the theatre slowly leaving her, as the triad on the screen
fitted themselves into ever increasing sexual situations, the
male ran his hands over the tits of one girl, pressing the soft
flesh and pinching the pink nipple gently, then running his
hand down to slide a finger into the wet hole of the other.
The juicy cunt he was finger fucking left a slick coating of
oily lubricating wetness on his finger.
 Lisa could feel the juices from her own pussy wetting her
opening and she squirmed slightly in the seat and leaned over
closer to Bill's arm, turning to face him, whispering in his
ear.
 "I'll answer your question now," Lisa purred. "Yes, seeing a
hard cock turns me on, and the pussies do too! I'm starting to
really get horny now. I can really feel my pussy getting very
juicy. wouldn't you like to feel?"
 Bill caressed her thigh, running his hand over the warm
fullness of her upper leg. His fingers touching the hem of her
dress, raising it and drifting his fingers over the smooth
warmth curved of her leg. His hand drew her dress higher, his
fingers touching the silky band at the crotch of her new
panties, feeling the hot slick wetness seeping through the
silky nylon.
 Lisa squirmed again, slightly spreading her thighs so Bill's
fingers could have access to her tingling cunt. Her eyes on
the screen while his finger teased at her pussy through the
wetness of her panties. Her breathing became shorter as he
stroked the length of the crevasse between her thighs, probing
and moving around in the sweet wet junction between her legs.
 Lisa sensed a movement to her right and saw a man moving
closer to them. He seated himself one seat over, leaving an
empty seat between them. Lisa started to pull her dress down
over her exposed thighs, then she realized that whatever the
man could see was no different than what he could see on the
screen.
 First she felt uncomfortable with the stranger sitting so
close to her, then on second thought, she felt the sexual
thrill of his voyeurism.
 She watched him, out of the corner of her eye. He was not
watching them. Not directly, but his head was turned closer to
them, than to the screen. She was sexually very excited by the
thought of that man watching her husband stroke her pussy
through the thin covering of her panties, knowing she could
turn him on even more by showing him much more of her long
slim curved legs and thighs.
 She worked her power, "Look at that fantastic blonde and the
guy with her. I bet she's getting turned on with his fingers
in her pussy. I'd like to fuck her. I'd like to see her cunt.
Maybe if I move over closer, I could see better."
 Lisa squirmed, sliding down in the seat, moving her dress
higher and very slowly exposing her stocking clad thighs up to
her new panties. She glanced over at the man on her right,
finding that he'd turned his head and was staring at her legs
and Bill's caressing fingers on her hot pussy, through the thin
covering.
 Lisa squirmed around more in the seat, looking directly at the
man's face, raising the hem of her dress higher, opening her
legs to give him a better view.
 He looked harder at her legs and thighs, tempting Lisa to
give him a really good show, with her hot sexual teasing.
 Lisa whispered in Bill's ear, "Dear, I've got to go to
the bathroom, I'll be right back in a minute."
 She carefully made her way past the others in the row,
undullating down the steps at the side and, slowly moving to
see if she could catch sight of any of the men masturbating.
One man had both hands in his lap, moving, but before Lisa
could see if he had his prick out, she was past him, not
wanting to stop and look back.
 The sleek bodied housewife looked for the ladies rest room
sign.
 Leaving the rest room, Lisa walked to the top of the stairs,
slowly swinging her hips as she climbed, glancing at the men as
she passed, entering the rear row.
 The lascivious blonde haired wife looked down at the lap of
the man who had been seated to her right. She slowed as she
brushed by his knees, waited for him to stand up, pressing her
firmly curved ass against him as he stood to let her pass.
 Bill always said that her ass was her best attribute,
looking like a cantaloupe melon cut in two and glued to her
buttocks. The day that Bill had made that comment, was the
day she'd stopped sculpting her ass.
 Lisa imagined that she could feel the swelling bulge of the
man's prick against her firm ass as she slithered slowly past
squirming her buttocks over and against his groin. She paused,
pressing her ass harder against him, squirming slightly,
teasing him with the firm roundness of her buttocks, pleased
with the feeling of sexual excitement growing in her loins.
 "Thank you," she whispered as she smiled in the dim light.
 After sitting by her husband, she again looked over at the
man, noticing now that he had both hands in his lap, covering
his groin.
 "Bet he has a hard cock under those hands." thought Lisa,
"Watching those people on the screen probably has his cock
dripping and he is holding it down. I hope I made it harder
when I brushed against him."
 Bill put a hand back on her leg, fingers slipping slowly, ever
so slowly, up her soft inner thighs, reaching for her pussy.
Bill almost jumped as his fingers touched the soft ringlets of
hair around her bare cunt, his fingers feeling the seeping
moisture gathered at the pulpy slit between her legs.
 She giggled, "That's right. I took them off so you could get
a good feel! The trip to the bathroom was an excuse."
 Bill's fingers sought the wet opening when she opened her
thighs slightly wider and raised her ass to let his fingers
probe her slit.
 Lisa pulled her skirt from beneath her ass, pulling it up
until her long slim legs and slim curved tummy were clearly
visible in the dim light. Her soft and curly thatched pussy
hair clearly visible in the reflected light from the screen.
 She sent an oblique glance to the man on her right to see if
he had noticed her open thighs.
 "Look at that cunt spread her legs. My cock's so hard I think
 I'll sneak it out and flog it a little while I watch her get
finger fucked."
 Lisa echo chamber reverberated to her thoughts, deciding that
she'd try to entice the man to bring his prick out where she
could see it.
 Her face turned to the screen, but her eyes watched out of the
corner the man on her right, only one vacant seat away.
 Lisa watched, holding her breath, as his zipper drew slowly
and quietly down. His hand slithering into the opening as he
opened his fly. Lisa watched as he felt down inside, fishing
for his cock, then slowly, slowly easing it past the metal
teeth of his zipper.
 She felt moisture gush from the folded pink lips of her pussy
as he took his cock out. Sneaking it up, holding one hand over
the head, covering the rest of his cock with the other.
 He was softly and surreptitiously stroking it beneath his
hands until she turned and stared directly at his hands.
 Slowly his hand uncovered his cock, exposing his organ to her
blonde beauty and lusting eyes. Stroking his huge meaty prick
slowly, while he stared at the wet junction between her open
legs.
 Not hard, but impressive anyway, his thick floppy dick filled
his stroking hand, the upper length wobbling over his moving
fist as he stroked. The thickness, even in the dim reflected
light from the screen, was most impressive to the sexually
excited housewife.
 Lisa's already wet pussy emitted even more honey, as she
looked with unabashed glee at the semi erect organ that she'd
enticed into the open with her power.
