Archive-name: Family/litgrls4.txt
Archive-author: John Doe
Archive-title: Little Girls - 4


   ************************************************************************** 
   *** This is a story about young teen and pre-teen girls having sex.    ***
   **************************************************************************

*****************************
Tail End of Little Girls 3  *
*****************************

After several minutes of orgasm upon orgasm, little Amy collapsed.  She lay 
there lewdly with her legs spread wide trying to catch her breath.  Her 
swollen pussy lips were still quivering as small droplets of her cum juice 
ran down the crack of her ass.  Her eyes slowly closed as she drifted into 
unconsciousness. 

*****************************
The Story Continues...      *
*****************************

Except Shelly and me, all the girls were now completely naked.  My eyes 
wandered from girl to girl.  The sight of their beautiful young bodies made me 
want to suck and fuck each of their tight pre-teen pussies, including Amy's.  
Even though she was only 7, the show that she had just put on would have been 
enough to make a monk break his vow of silence.  Well.... Maybe not, but it 
was still pretty damn hot. 

"Joan, you look board." said Laura looking over at me.  "Why don't you come 
over here and lick Susie's pretty little cunt?  Would you like that Susie?"

"I guess so, I've never had anyone do that before." she replied.

Susie looked wonderful.  She was only 10 but her breasts were at least two 
years ahead of her.  Not that they were big, because they weren't, but for a 
10-year-old they were pretty reasonable.

I move quickly over to her before she could change her mind.  She was laying 
on the floor with her knees up and her legs spread wide.  I got down on my 
stomach with my head between her slim legs and began slowly licking around the 
smooth edges of her hairless pussy.  I tried teasing her a bit, licking all 
around but never quite touching her little button.  It didn't last long.  She 
was moving her hips so much that it was hard to avoid her clit.  I pursed my 
lips and planted a kiss solidly on her swollen nub, sucking gently as I pulled 
away.  Her whole body quivered briefly.

Susie reached down and grabbed my head forcing it back down onto her young 
hairless box.  My mouth completely covered the youngsters small pussy.  I 
licked and sucked for all I was worth, darting my tongue all around the 10-
year-old's smooth wet hole.  The taste of her sweet pussy was driving me 
insane.  I pulled my mouth off and began licking up the length of her slit 
starting at her asshole and working up to her protruding clit.  Susie went 
wild, rocking her hips in perfect tempo with my licks.

My swollen cock was aching and in some definite need of attention.  I began 
rotating my hips on the floor, stimulating my cock even more.  Laura must have 
noticed my frustration because I heard her tell Shelly to climb under my skirt 
and suck on my 'pussy'.  I felt a pair of small hands push gently on my butt 
as I slid up onto my knees.  Shelly got onto her back and scooted her head 
under my skirt and between my legs.  With one hand, she reached up and 
massaged my ass through the silky panty material.  The other hand wrapped 
itself around my throbbing prick and pulled it carefully into her tiny mouth. 
She moaned softly as she licked the large pool of pre-cum from the head of 
my cock and mixed it with her saliva.

Susie was still grinding her young crotch against my attacking tongue.  She 
was panting loudly and thrusting her cunt forcefully at my face.  Every muscle 
in her body began to tighten and I could tell she was on the verge of cumming.  
I slid my hands under her tiny butt as I clamped my mouth tightly onto her 
hairless young pussy.  Susie arched her back groaning loudly as the first 
orgasm of her young life swept through her tiny frame.  Her hands were still 
grasping my head and she pulled it down even harder onto quivering cunt.  Her 
cunt muscles pulsated and pumped her sweet cum juice into my mouth.  I sucked 
it down eagerly, trying my best not to waste a drop. 

As Susie relaxed, she let loose of my head and let her arms drop.  Her fingers 
were still tangled in my wig, and as her hands lowered, so did the wig.  I 
heard her giggle as she tossed the wig onto the floor.  The other girls moved 
quickly, lifting the dress and grabbing at my cock and rubbing their hands 
acrossed my little girl pantied ass. 

"Wow, look at the size of her clit." I heard one girl say as they all giggled.

I looked over at Laura.  She was standing there looking at me, grinning slyly.

Shit!  It was a setup.  Laura had clued in these girls long before they had 
arrived.  My embarassment subsided rapidly as the group of giggling little 
girls  continued playfully and grasping at my cock.  Laura may have tricked me 
into dressing like a girl, but she was sure right about one thing... This was 
definitly going to be kiddie fuck heaven and was I ever ready to fuck! 

I was still on my knees between Susie's spread legs.  Her lovely pre-teen 
pussy was just begging to have my cock stuffed into it.  I lifted the dress I 
was wearing over my head and removed the training bra.  I thought briefly 
about removing the silky panties, but they felt so nice I decided to leave 
them on a while longer. 

Susie's eyes were closed and she was not aware that I was aiming my throbbing 
prick straight for her virgin hole.  Her pussy was still slicked up from her 
recent orgasm so I wasn't too suprised when the head of my cock pushed its way 
somewhat easily past the hairless lips and into the young fourth graders tiny 
cunt. 

Susie, on the other hand, was extremely suprised.  She opened her eyes real 
wide as my prick stretched its way into her and bumped up against her hymen.  
She began to struggle, trying frantically to get away as she realized what was 
happening to her, but I wasn't about to stop.  I clamped my mouth down over 
hers, and with one quick thrust I drove my cock deep into her belly.  She let 
out a sharp scream as my cock ripped through her maidenhead and plowed deep 
into her tight 10-year-old cunt. 

The scream startled the other girls and woke up Amy who had been sleeping 
since her encounter with Laura and the dildo.  They all stopped what they were 
doing and stared frightfully at my cock, which by this time was sticking 
three-quarters of the way into their little friend's cunt. 

I stayed very still hoping that Susie's sobs of pain would soon change into 
moans of pleasure.  I leaned down to give her a little kiss hoping to calm her 
down.  As her our lips touched she let out a soft squeak and crushed her lips 
hard onto mine.  Her breathing quickened and I realized that her movements 
beneath had changed.  She was no longer trying to escape but instead was 
grinding her hips up at me trying to get more of my cock inside her. 

I broke off the kiss and held her firmly as I rolled onto my back allowing her 
to be on top and control things.  Almost immediately, she began pumping her 
boyish hips up and down wildly.  The other girls' eyes widened as they watched 
my prick slowly disappear between the hairless folds their young schoolmates 
overly stretched pussy.  Each time the she slid down, the immature lips of her 
childish pussy folded back inside, almost as if they were gripping my cock 
and pulling it inside. 

I reached back and grabbed onto her ass.  It was so small that a single hand 
easily covered both cheeks.  My other hand found it's way to the entrance of 
her rectum and I tickled it lightly for a moment before shoving a finger 
swiftly up into her tight little asshole. 

She arched her back and let out a low moan as my finger sank deep into her 
bowels.  She continued humping frantically as I fucked her asshole with my 
finger.

Susie began to shudder and shake as a second orgasm swept through her body.  
The walls of her tight pussy contracted violently as my orgasm hit and the 
first wave of cum rocketed up the length of my shaft and shot powerfully into 
the depths of the young child's womb.  I continued to ram my cock hard into 
the pretty pre-teen, filling her small swollen cunt with stream after stream 
of hot sticky sperm. 

The youngsters pussy gripped my cock even tighter as her orgasm continued to 
rip through her small body.  The other children took this as a cue to joined 
in as I continued to fuck their young friend.  I was so far gone that I didn't 
know who was doing what. I just knew that one of the girls was kissing Suzie, 
another was kissing me and one of them was gently squeezing my balls. 

As my orgasm subsided I drove my cock deep into her one final time and paused 
to savor the the tightness and warmth that enveloped my twitching prick.  
After a short while I felt Susie stir.  I raised my head and watched as the 
10-year-old lifted herself and head of my cock plopped out of her pussy.  Her 
swollen cunt gaped open and a sticky white mixture of cum dripped steadily 
from between her hairless pussy lips. 

I lowered my head and closed my eyes.  My cock was still semi-erect and I 
could hear a couple of the girls wispering as they grabbed a hold of it to 
play.  They stroked it gently, trying to keep it somewhat hard.  One of the 
girls wrapped her wet lips around the head of my shaft as at least three hands 
held onto it's base.  She sucked gently as her tongue flicked back and forth 
across the tiny opening at the end of my prick.  God it felt great!  This kid, 
whoever she was, was a natural born cock sucker. 

"Oh god yes, suck it!" I moaned softly.

Her mouth was all over me sucking and slurping noisily.  She would suck the 
head for a bit, then remove my cock from her mouth and lick up and down the 
entire length of it.  As she became more excited, I became more excited.  She 
began moaning loudly and bobbing her head up and down over the head of my now 
fully erect cock.  Christ this girl was good!  I just emptied my load into 
Susie's hot little pussy not more than 2 or 3 minutes ago, and this girl was 
about to make me cum again!

--
