
                          Chapter 1: Caught In the Act

I don't know why I was surprised. In fact, I should have expected Linda to
cheat on me. After all, she was married when we were introduced. A mutual
friend said that she gave a lot of signals that she was on the make. She
quickly accepted my invitation to lunch, and then she quickly accepted an
invitation to spend an afternoon on a friend's boat. She was just too easy.

Over the next several months as we continued to see each other, I found that
she was also seeing at least one other guy. He was black. She refused to stop
seeing him because he had a cock "that long" (holding her hands a foot apart).
Apparently her husband had had enough of this. He split. Linda admitted that
she had "a number" of affairs during that marriage. I was surprised on several
occasions when I mentioned the names of guys I had talked to during the course
of my business day. She knew many of them too...in a biblical sense. Sometimes
I got some details of the relationship... usually not. Most of them seemed to
have been zipless one night fucks. Some were longer term affairs. I never did
make an accurate count but there were dozens. The woman obviously LOVED to
fuck. That's what appealed to me about her. She is the most sensuous woman I
have met. There is something about her manner, her touch and her voice that is
very seductive. When she had a drink or two she was EXTREMELY amorous.

Anyhow, after our affair had gone on for a couple of years, we both found
ourselves without spouses and decided to get married. For the first year or so
of our marriage I was the typical uptight jealous husband. Although I was not
aware of any sexual activities on her part, she flirted outrageously. I would
often go into a rage and demand that we go home from various social events.
Finally, at a friend's birthday party, it really hit the fan. We had been there
for an hour or so when I realized that Linda was not around. Neither was a very
good looking guy that she had just met that evening. I started looking around
for them with my suspicions growing by the minute. The home was very small so
it didn't take long to check it out. They weren't in any of the rooms I
checked. Finally I found the basement stairway.

The lights weren't on down there so I was about to turn and go on when I heard
Linda's muffled laugh. Then I heard a man's voice say something like "come
on...prove you know how". My heart stopped. I was about to call her when
something made me stop. Instead I crept barefoot down the stairs. It took a
minute for my eyes to adjust to the semi-darkness when I reached the bottom.
They weren't in eyesight so I waited and listened. Then behind some shelves I
heard more of their sounds. She was still giggling but it was interrupted with
silent pauses. I moved near the shelves and looked through a small opening
between some cans. There they were. They were kissing passionately. Then he
pulled away and said "Aw, go ahead. Let's see if you really are that good at
sucking cock".  She said "Well I am that good, but you'll just have to take my
word on it. After all, your wife is upstairs and so is my husband. He would
kill me if he found out". Then he pulled her to him again and moved one hand to
her breast. She gasped softly. Then he began to push her down. She didn't seem
to resist too strenuously. I knew from my past experience with her that he was
about to get his blowjob. She was past saying no. He knew it too. Without
saying another word he reached down, unzipped his pants and pulled out a very
erect 7" cock.  I didn't know what to do. I had naively thought that she would
never go so far. In those few seconds I felt a terrible sense of rage mixed
with a strange feeling of excitement. My heart began pounding as I watched her
face move closer to his cock. It suddenly was engulfed in her mouth. There was
my wife sucking another man's cock...and doing it only a couple of feet in
front of me. WOW! All I could do was watch. I realized that my cock was also
very hard, and that I was breathing very heavily...so heavily that I was afraid
that they would hear me. Fortunately they were now making noises of their own.
Linda is a very noisy cocksucker making slurping sounds and low moans, often at
the same time. The guy also quickly began to moan. Somehow, I found this very
erotic...probably the most erotic experience I had ever had.

It didn't take her long. In just a minute or two he began to have difficulty
breathing and then his body went rigid. Linda doesn't always like to swallow
cum, but this time she kept him in her mouth as he shot his load. In just a few
seconds it was over for him. She began licking up and down his shaft as if to
clean it all off and sucking on the tip to get the last drop.

Unfortunately, I realized almost too late that I was about to cum too. Quickly
I unzipped my pants and worked to release my 6" erection before I came all over
myself. I barely made it, but in the process I bumped the shelf and knocked
over a spray can of some sort. Instantly it was very still. Then Linda gasped
"Oh, my god". I stood up from my crouching position and quickly zipped my
pants. Then I went around the end of shelves as they worked to recompose
themselves and their clothes. Since Linda was facing my way she was the first
to see me. She was immediately terrified at what might be coming. When the guy
realized that I was there, he became somewhat belligerent until I told him to
shut up or I'd yell for his wife. I then said to Linda "That was VERY
interesting. I think we'd better go home". She agreed that it was a good idea.
I'm sure that she figured that otherwise there might be a very embarrassing
scene. She did need to visit the bathroom first, however. It was nearly twenty
minutes before she came out again. I think she was physically ill at the
prospect of what was coming.

Nothing was said in the car. When we arrived home, again there was a prolonged
visit to the bathroom. When she finally came out, she said "Look that was
really dumb and I'm very sorry. Can we just forget about it for tonight. I am
really very sick right now." I don't know exactly why, but I put my arms around
her and told her that I loved her and that we could discuss it tomorrow. I also
suggested that she not worry about it. She seemed very puzzled by my response.
Honestly, so was I.

We had both had a hard time sleeping that night. I am sure she was anticipating
the tongue lashing that she was going to get in the morning. I, on the other
hand, kept reliving those few minutes in the basement and getting turned on
each time I did so. I even fantasized about their having gone further and
having fucked. I found that prospect extremely exciting. I had read over the
years a number of articles and letters in various men's magazines which told of
men who liked to see their wives with other men. I had categorically found them
exciting, but I had never been able to think of Linda in that context. In fact,
one time Linda caught me reading some of that material in "Variations" magazine
and masturbating while doing so. She was pretty mad about it and got even more
angry when she read the letters in question and realized what I had found so
exciting. It was a rather strange paradox..this wanton woman who didn't like
the idea of husbands who gave their wives permission to do what she had been
doing secretively for years.

The next morning (a Saturday) the atmosphere was pretty subdued during
breakfast. Linda didn't eat claiming to still be pretty upset. I finally broke
the ice by saying that that was really quite a show that she had put on the
night before. I guess she was rather surprised at the "almost positive" tone of
my comment because she said "It wasn't really meant to be a show. In fact it
wasn't meant to happen. I had too much to drink, and he took advantage of me."
I told her how, in spite of the anger I felt when I first saw them, I got very
turned on...in fact that I was cumming when I knocked over the can. She seemed
almost offended and said "You mean you got your rocks off watching another man
fuck your wife's face?" I said "Yes, I guess you could say that". She said
something about my being weird. I tried to avoid getting upset about that
comment and asked if she could admit to really enjoying sex..especially with
different guys.

After a long, often difficult (read angry) discussion we seemed to come to a
couple of conclusions. First, Linda thought of sex as a natural progression in
getting to know someone. She didn't think of it as a particularly significant
or intimate act. If she had her way, blowjobs would replace handshakes. I think
I understood that, and given my newly found voyeuristic interest, I found that
possibility very exciting. On the other hand, she couldn't get beyond thinking
of my interest as weird..almost wrong. We let the matter drop for the time.

Perhaps this is a good time to tell you a little more about Linda..physically.
She is a tall, slim and very attractive woman. At 5' 7" and weighing only 110
pounds, some men think of her as skinny. Her face and figure are rather similar
to Princess Di's. Her breasts are small (32B) but nicely firm with nipples that
get hard easily and often. She looks fantastic in a light blouse with no bra.
She loves to wear sexy underwear including garter belts and hose with
particularly sheer and/or brief panties. Her hair is light brown. Her beaver is
the same color but on her lips there is very little hair at all. She almost
looks shaved below the beginning of her slit. When she is turned on her lips
turn a bright red and get very puffy. Needless to say, she also gets very
wet...and is that way most of the time.

When Linda and I have sex, we often talk to each other about things that we
know are a turn on. The next night after we had a good start at getting amorous
( I spend a lot of time eating her pussy), I mentioned that I would really love
to see her getting fucked by the guy she had blown a couple days before. She
said "That might be fun,  but I don't think I could do it with you watching".
That was a better answer than I had dared to hope for so I asked "Would you do
it and tell me about it?" She said "Maybe". Again we dropped the subject and
took care of matters at hand.

The next night as we were watching TV, I decided to test the waters by bringing
up the subject again. At first Linda didn't want to talk about it. I told her
that at least I wanted to tell her something. Then I told her that she had my
permission to fuck or suck any guy she wanted to as long as she told me about
it and didn't lie. I also asked her if she could think of any particular guy
that she knew that she might like to fuck. She immediately said no..she could
think of no one, but she did agree to think about it.

Linda works in a large office in Chicago which is about a thirty minute train
ride from our suburban home. Occasionally she stays in town late (especially on
Friday night) to go out for drinks or dinner with some of her friends. Needless
to say, on many of the times when she did this I got pretty uptight, and a
number of fights arose when she got home without a satisfactory explanation of
what she did..and with whom. As luck would have it, the very next Friday night
was a night when she said she wanted to go out and be home late. I got very
excited about what might happen, but I tried to be real cool. On Friday
morning, I told her to have a good time and "if you have a chance to get laid,
go for it. Just tell me about when you get home." She said that wasn't likely
to happen.

Regardless, I decided to wait up for her. The train she usually takes on such
occasions came and went. So did the next. Finally, two hours later than she had
said, she arrived home. My heart was racing, hoping "it" had happened. I
greeted her at the door, and as soon as she sat down I asked if she had a good
time. She said "Yes". Good! Then I asked if anything special happened. She said
"such as"? "Such as getting laid", I responded. She said "Of course not". My
heart sank. She said "I told you I wouldn't do anything like that." When I
pressed her on why she was so late she came up with some phony-sounding excuse
about going with the girls to a new place and losing track of time.

We both got ready for bed and although I was disappointed in what didn't
happen, I was still pretty turned on by the anticipation I had felt all night.
I started to caress her breasts. She resisted, saying "I'm really very tired".
I continued and made my usual next move kissing my way from her breasts down
her stomach towards her pussy. She immediately grabbed my head and said "Don't
do that!" I began to wonder why, but I forced my way on down and ran my tongue
down her slit. It was very wet as usual, but there was a different odor about
it. Then I plunged my tongue deep into her cunt. There was something in
it...something thick and salty tasting. I didn't know what to think. I almost
shouted "You have cum in your pussy". My cock immediately got as hard as it can
get. I knew she had been fucked. However, she denied it. I continued exploring
her with my tongue until I sucked out a rather large blob. I placed that in my
hand and held it up for her to see. "This is a guy's cum" I said. "I want to
know how it got there." She decided not to continue to deny the obvious.

"Alright", she said. "Yes, its cum. I didn't say anything because I didn't know
if you were serious about letting me do things like that." I was as angry as I
was turned on at this point because she had tried to deceive me even though she
had gone through with the invitation I gave her. I demanded to know every last
detail about what happened.

It seems that a guy named Gary who is a client at her office had been hitting
on her for several months. She had (or at least says she had) turned him down
repeatedly even though she found him quite attractive. He came in earlier in
the week and again asked her out. This time she accepted. They had gone out for
drinks and dinner, and then they went back to his apartment. I asked her how
and when the subject of sex came up. She said it came up the day that she
accepted the invitation to dinner. He had said something about wanting to get
into those sexy panties that he heard that she always wore. She claimed to have
no clue as to how he knew about her lingerie or who might have told him. I then
asked her to tell me in as much detail as possible what happened. She says that
Gary obviously knew he was going to score and that he started commenting about
it when they met at a bar. Then in the dark semi-privacy of a booth he began
exploring her body with his hands. He even had her remove her panties so that
he could have easier access to her wet pussy. She in turn had given him a
series of hand-jobs that stopped just short of eruption. She admitted that
anyone near them knew and saw a lot of what was going on. That bothered her
because she was concerned about her "reputation", but she had been unable to
get him to stop, and she also had had three drinks.

They cut the preliminaries short and took a cab to his place. She got fucked
the first time in the cab. Gary pulled up her up onto his lap and lifted her
skirt. He then forced himself in (it undoubtedly wasn't too hard to get in. Her
pussy is a vacuum). As she slid up and down his cock, she saw the cab driver
watching everything. She said that at first she was pretty uptight about that.
The cab driver seemed to watch them more than traffic, and he paused a long
time under every bright street light he could find. Then she began to get
excited at the thought of being watched. The driver didn't charge them for the
ride so she thought he must have enjoyed the show.

At Gary's place they immediately jumped into bed for another go. She finally
got to display her oral talents and tried to get the guy to eat her. He wasn't
willing, however, since she was full of his cum. He didn't want to cum in her
mouth so they changed positions, and he began to fuck her again. Throughout the
course of the next two hours she got two more loads of his cum. Linda said that
each time it seemed that he dumped a quart into her. Their last fuck was in the
shower as she was trying to clean up to come home. Gary did have the class to
go with her to the train station. In the cab he tried to do her one more time,
but she was sober enough by then to refuse. As she left, Gary asked if he could
see her again. She says that she said she'd have to ask her husband. He seemed
dumbfounded by that comment. All the way home she could feel her panties
getting wetter with his cum. In fact, she finally put a kleenex in her panties
to keep from developing a conspicuous wet spot.

After this recount of the evening, I was really horny. Within a matter of a few
minutes Linda had another fresh load of cum in her pussy. She then promptly
fell asleep with the cum of two men mixed inside her. The next morning I was
still excited about the new turn of events and as soon as I awoke I rolled over
and was just beginning to insert my cock into her cunt when she awoke. She said
that she felt a little sore and pretty gooey, so would I accept lip service
instead. Of course, I accepted. As we ate breakfast, I asked how she felt now
about the previous night. Her first response was that of disbelief that I
really didn't mind that she had been so bad. I assured her that not only didn't
I mind. I LOVED it. In fact I couldn't wait until it happened again. She then
conceded that she would like that too.

                               End  -  Chapter 1

