
                Chapter 4: Linda Makes a New Friend On the Road

By the time we reached home from our shopping trip we both were pretty wrung
out from the excitement and sexual tension that we had just experienced.
Neither of us seemed particularly interested in talking about it. I asked Linda
if she was alright and when she said yes we went about our weekly routine of
getting ready to go back to work the next morning.

That night as we went to bed I asked, "Did you have a good time today?"

"Oh, yes", she replied. "We really made a mess of my new panties though." She
held up the pair that she was wearing in the shoe store and she was right. They
were really gooey with a combination of her juices and two loads of cum. The
cum had apparently run down the front of the panties while she was bent over
the desk and both sides of the opening in the crotch had also been soaked.

"Did you have fun today?" she asked.

"I sure did. It was even better than I had ever imagined. The sight of you laid
across that desk with that guy's huge cock pounding you was incredibly erotic.
Did you like such a big one?"

"Well, I must admit it felt good. He's not the biggest I've ever had though."

I decided not to pursue the details behind that remark, at least for now, but I
did suggest that if she liked big ones I would be on the look-out for others.

"That would be fun. The big ones are usually black, you know", she said rather
matter-of-factly.

I recalled at least one black lover that she had had before we married and
since that was not a happy period in our relationship I let it drop, but I did
find the prospect of seeing her being fucked by a big black cock or two very
erotic.

"It has been quite a weekend..one like I never imagined would ever really
happen. You have been fucked by three different men in the last three days. Two
of them you had never met before and probably won't ever see again. How do you
feel about that?"

"The only thing I am concerned about is how YOU feel", she answered. "I still
have a problem believing that you really enjoy seeing your wife doing things
like that. It's not the way I was brought up."

"Me either, that's for sure. I know it's not conventional and I really can't
begin to explain it but I sure do get turned on by it. Whatever the reason
doesn't really matter anyhow."

"I hope you're right. You don't have some ulterior motive do you? You know it
is a pretty risky thing to be doing."

"How do you think it's risky?", I asked.

"Well you never know what some guy might do. Remember Gary and his persistence.
Also we have been doing some very unconventional things pretty close to home
and we just might have been seen. Also there is the risk that I might find it
habit forming. You know, I guess, that I really enjoy sex...more than most
women."

"Yes, I am well aware of that. But this is one way for you to get plenty of it
and not have to feel guilty about it...as long as it's just sex and doesn't get
romantic."

That comment ended the conversation for the evening. We both dropped off to
sleep. I don't know what might have been going through Linda's mind as we dozed
off, but mine was filled with visions of hard cocks plunging in and out of her
pussy and of cum running down her wet hot slit.

The next couple of weeks seemed to get filled with a number of distractions and
by Linda's period so we didn't get around to the subject of other men again
until nearly three weeks after our "big" weekend. I had thought many times
about what had happened and found myself getting turned on every time I did. I
was curious about what Linda might be thinking but every time I planned to
bring up the subject, I was finessed by some new distraction. Finally, on
Thursday night of the third week we found some time to be together when we
weren't completely exhausted.

After our usual lengthy oral foreplay and I was beginning to fuck her, I said
"You know, you haven't been fucked really well for quite awhile. How ever have
you gotten along without it?"

"You're right," she answered, "and I've started to get pretty horny the last
few days. This always helps though."

"Well, when I said "well fucked" I meant really well fucked. Like a few
weekends ago."

"I know what you meant. Did you have something in mind?"

"Haven't there been any good opportunities at work?"

"Not really," Linda answered. "One of the partners makes his usual pass at me
every now and then but he doesn't interest me..and he could put my job at
risk."

"Hmmm, interesting. What sort of a pass does he make?" This was something I had
long suspected went on but had almost never gotten any direct clues from her
about it before.

"Oh, he asks me out to lunch or dinner or drinks or to a motel. He is really
quite direct about it. He has a reputation of having had a lot of the women in
the office and at least some of that reputation is warranted. Word seems to get
around about who and where. He is not very discreet and it has nearly wrecked a
marriage or two."

"Sounds like a good thing to stay clear of although it wouldn't put your
marriage in danger. Have the women been able to keep their jobs?" I asked.

"Yes, and so has he..so far. I suspect that at least a couple of the women have
done so by being "cooperative" with one or two of the senior partners."

"Well that is VERY interesting," I replied. "I have been thinking about another
alternative anyhow."

"Oh, what is that?" Linda seemed more than a little interested.

"How about spending a weekend out of town, like in St. Louis?"

"And do what?" she asked.

Since the pace of our fucking was beginning to pick up speed, I couldn't tell
if she was serious in her question.

"Let's finish this and then talk about it, that is if you are interested. OK?"

"OK. It sounds like it could be fun. Tell me what you would like to have
happen."

Linda often liked to hear erotic talk while she was being fucked. She very
seldom said much herself however. As much as I have tried I just haven't been
able to get her to be explicit in describing sexual acts or the equipment that
is involved.

"I would love to see you show some men your breasts and your pussy. Maybe you
could dance with some of them and they could feel you up. Then when you can't
control yourself any longer I would love to see you suck one guy's cock while
another one pounds your pussy with his. Then I would like to see them both cum
on your face. How does that sound for a start?"

"Sounds like fun," she said breathlessly. She was close to cumming and so was
I. We quickly switched positions with her on top and she starting rocking our
way over the edge.

Within a minute we both came and she collapsed onto my chest. I could feel my
cock begin to slip from her cunt and a stream of cum followed it.

"Wouldn't you love to have another cock take over now to do you again..and then
perhaps another and maybe still another?"

"What are you planning, a gangbang?" she asked.

"Don't you think you'd like that?"

"It sounds like fun, but I could never really do such a thing. That would be
going too far. Don't you think?"

"I think you could probably take on a small army and still want more."

"Just what sort of woman do you think I am, a slut of some sort?"

"No, not at all, but I do know that you have an enormous sexual appetite. I
also know that you are very sexy and that it would be hard to find a man who
wasn't interested in helping fill it."

I found this conversation very interesting. Even though I was pretty much
fucked out at the moment I also found it very erotic. Here I was suggesting
that not one but perhaps several other men might have the opportunity to fuck
my wife. She in turn seemed at least mildly interested in that possibility.

"So what would we do in St. Louis? Do you know of a place special to go?"

"Well it is a big city with a lot of businessmen travelling through. There is
very possibly a convention or two in town as well. We could just try a hotel
near the airport or downtown and watch for some guys that you find interesting.
There must be a mall or two where you could do some showing off..maybe even
shop for shoes. It would be fun to see what ways we can think of to show your
charms without the fear of someone from home seeing you."

"Is this something you would like to do?" she asked. "And can we stop if I
don't want to do it anymore?"

"Yes to both questions. For sure! Is this something you think sounds like fun?"

"Yes, let's do it."

During the next few days I made a few phone calls to St. Louis. I learned that
there were a couple of conventions in town. One was centered near the airport.
The other was downtown. I also got the names of a few nightspots in area. At
least two or three of them had a dance floor. I was able to get a room at one
of the convention hotels after doing a little bluffing about being affiliated
with the trade group that was involved.

Linda spent her free time for the next week getting her wardrobe for the trip
organized. She didn't need much encouragement to select the things that would
give us maximum opportunity to show her off. The new skirt that we bought at
the mall and the crotchless panties were included along with the outfit she
wore when we went out to dinner and she got laid by Bob. When I reminded her of
what had happened the last time she wore those clothes she replied that she
hoped that they would have the same results in St. Louis. I heartily concurred.

We discussed the trip and our mutual excitement several times during that week
and every time we did we ended up having a great session in bed. Linda
commented that we hadn't had so much sex since we got married.

"It's best to get your pussy in shape for the big weekend. We sure wouldn't
want it to get worn out and spoil our plans now would we," I teased her.

"Fat chance. It's been sore a time or two but it'll never wear out."

Friday finally came and we were almost giddy as we made final preparations. We
both had taken the day off because we were going to drive down. It's about a
six hour drive from our suburban home to St. Louis. We could have made better
time flying but I some special plans for the time on the road. We also enjoyed
spending time together in the car because it gave us both time away from the
rest of the world. I asked Linda to wear the blouse and skirt that we had
bought at the mall. I didn't tell her exactly what I had in mind while we were
driving but I did suggest that there might be chances to show off along the
way. She went along with it. Beneath the skirt she wore a pair of sheer white
panties and white thigh- high hose. She wore a matching sheer bra.

In less than thirty minutes we were on the Interstate. I let a few miles pass
before I made my first suggestion for showing off. Fortunately just as I was
about to tell Linda of my idea she mentioned that she was feeling a little
sleepy and thought she might lean back and take a nap.

"Good idea. But I have something special for you to do."

"What's that?" she asked. I think she suspected I might ask for a blow-job
because I had done so a couple of times while we were on the road. She had
firmly refused because she thought she'd be seen.

"I want you to lean back and unbutton your blouse and skirt so that your
panties and bra are exposed. Then pretend that you are sleeping."

I had expected a bit of resistance but I was pleasantly surprised when she
began to undo the buttons. I did have to tell her to undo one more on her skirt
but she soon was on display as she reclined her seat.

"Do you like that?" she asked. I could clearly see the shadow of her beaver in
the bright sunlight that covered her lower body. Her bra quite modestly
concealed her nipples which was disappointing but I figured I'd wait a bit
before asking her to remove it. After she had been seen by a trucker or two she
might be more willing to comply.

"You look delicious, and I'll bet that all of the truck drivers will think so
too."

In only a few minutes I found myself overtaking an 18 wheeler. "Here goes" I
thought as I pulled out to pass. Linda noticed the noise of the truck and
opened her eyes just as I was pulling up to the cab. She started to squirm a
little.

"What if he doesn't approve?" she asked. "We could get in trouble."

"If he doesn't like it he doesn't have to look, does he? Besides I can't
imagine that he won't be pretty excited about it."

We got even with the cab and I slowed to match his pace. Having never tried
this before I wasn't sure what might happen but in just a few seconds we heard
a loud blast of the truck's air horn. Linda nearly jumped out of her skin.

"He likes the view." The guy continued honking. He obviously was delighted. I
stayed beside him for a minute or two and then reached over and rubbed Linda's
panty covered pussy. Then I hit the accelerator and sped ahead. As we pulled
back into his lane we could still hear his horn.

"You bastard," Linda said. "My box is hot enough without you playing with it."

"I could tell. It sure is wet. Maybe it would be cooler if you took off your
panties. I wonder what that guy is telling his buddies on the cb. I'll bet your
beaver gets rave reviews."

"Well he ain't seen much yet. Wait till they see this." With that Linda lifted
up her butt from the car seat and in one motion swept off her panties.

"You may make your tits jealous. Don't you think they deserve to be seen too?"

"Well, OK, but that won't be so easy. Help me get this thing off then." Linda
then proceeded to remove her blouse and then I helped her by unsnapping her
bra. In a few seconds she had returned to her reclining position but with her
treasures in much better view.

"Now let's find us some truckers," Linda ordered.

"Yes, ma'am." I picked up the pace a bit as I scoured the road ahead for signs
of another truck. Our wish was soon granted as we rounded a curve and found
ourselves only a few hundred yards behind another truck. This one was moving
rather slowly so I quickly slowed down so I didn't pass him before he had a
chance to get a good look.

"Are you ready, 'cuz here goes," I said as I pulled out.

"Ready and wet," was her answer. "In fact I am getting so wet I need to put
something under me so I don't stain my skirt."

"OK, I'll give you a towel in a minute. Let's give this guy some fun first.
OK?"

This truck wasn't an eighteen wheeler and it wasn't as high as the previous
one. In fact I could see the driver's face if I bent down a bit. As we pulled
beside him he naturally glanced our way. He then turned away and then his head
snapped back. He did a double- take that must have given him a stiff neck. What
he saw gave him a stiff something else. There was Linda laid back with her
thighs just far enough apart to give him a nice view of her slit. Her blouse
was open far enough to show her left nipple.

"Is he looking?" Linda asked.

"He's looking so hard that I'm afraid he may go off the road. In fact he has
someone with him and they just leaned over to see too."

"Great! I hope they get an eyeful." With that Linda did something that almost
shocked me. She reached up with her right hand and began to run her left
breast. With her left hand she reached down and began to run her fingers up and
down the length of her slit.

"I don't believe you."

Linda didn't answer. Instead as her audience in the truck and I watched she
rubbed more quickly and harder and began plunging her fingers up into her cunt.
Within seconds I heard her gasp and then she began to moan. She had just cum. I
couldn't believe it. Here my wife had just masturbated for two strange men
while we were driving down I55.

As quickly as she began she stopped. She suddenly sat up and said "Let's get
out of here."

I obliged and we quickly leapt ahead of the slow moving truck.

It was pretty obvious that by now Linda's pussy was one wet mess. I reached
over and rubbed my fingers up and down her slit and then held them up to my
mouth and licked them off. I reached over again and noticed that there was a
stream of her juices running down the crack of her ass creating a wet spot on
her skirt. I reached into the back seat and found a towel that we happened to
bring along. She placed this under her ass as a temporary fix, but we agreed
that we would stop at the next rest stop so that she could clean up since Linda
had to pee anyhow.

As we pulled onto the exit for the next rest area I said to Linda "I have an
agreement to propose for the trip. Whenever you get into or out of the car I
will open the door for you. Then you must give me a good show as you get in or
out. OK?"

"OK. Starting now?"

"Right." With that I pulled into the parking spot that was at the closest end
of the cars in the lot. At this point there were no cars to obstruct the view
of any cars or trucks that might be entering as Linda swung her legs around and
flashed her pussy.

"Now remember that I will open your door." I then got out and went around to
her side. I took my time because I wanted to be sure that someone was entering
the parking area as she got out. When I saw a van turn into the drive I opened
her door. Linda cooperated perfectly by swinging her legs around facing me and
the oncoming van. She paused with her thighs well apart and since she had not
put her panties back on we got a great direct view of the entire length of her
slit which was only partially hidden by very wet pubic hair. When the van had
passed she stepped out of the car.

"Did you like that?" she asked with a silly grin.

"It was marvelous. I bet the guy in that van was surprised. He may have to go
to the men's room to take care of a problem he didn't expect to have." I had
only gotten a quick glance at the occupant of the van because I didn't want to
miss the show, but it appeared that the van was driven by a man in his forties.

"I'll meet you back here in a couple of minutes," Linda said. We both went to
the restroom to take care of things. As I returned to the car I realized that
the van had parked a couple of spaces from us. The occupant didn't appear to be
in it so I went on to the car. From there I eagerly watched for Linda's return.
It didn't take her long. As she approached the van I was surprised to see that
she stopped and appeared to say something in the direction of the van. Then I
realized that the driver was in his seat and had apparently said something to
her. I watched very carefully hoping that nothing ugly was going on. My fears
were ill-founded as she soon moved on. However, instead of going around to her
side she walked up to my window.

"The guy liked what he saw so much that he wants to eat me."

"You interested?" I asked.

"Yes, I think so. He seems kind of the macho type but still he's pretty sexy."

"Where did he want to do this?"

"In the back of his van. I told him I had to ask you first."

"What did he say to that?"

"He said to go ahead and ask but to hurry back." I looked over at the van and
could see the guy watching us. As I looked at him he waved. He certainly wasn't
shy.

"Well, let's not keep him waiting then." As Linda turned to walk toward the van
and I began to get out of the car the side door of his van opened and he waved
at us to come in. I had not had enough experience at this new activity to know
what to say under the circumstances so I simply stuck out my hand and said
"Hi".

He shook my hand as he said "I'm Alec. You have a very sexy wife. I take it you
two like to play some fun games."

"Guess you could say that," I replied. "Linda has a insatiable appetite for sex
and I enjoy helping her satisfy it whatever way I can."

"Enough talk!" Linda said. She then made the approach to this stranger that I
was beginning to learn as her trademark. She knelt down in front of him,
unzipped his pants and had his hard cock in her mouth within seconds. "Ummmm, a
nice hard big one, " were the last words she spoke as she began to pump him
with her mouth.

"Let's move around so I can get at that hot pussy of yours," Alec said. He then
pulled her down to the couch that he had opened into a bed in the back of his
van. He laid down on his back and Linda quickly climbed up over him and swung
her pussy up over his face. She then proceeded to give him head while he
flipped back her skirt and buried his face in her pussy.

Again I was hit by a great rush as I watched my horny wife getting it on with a
total stranger. I thought about finding a way to join in but decided that I
should save my strength for the fun to come in St. Louis. This was a great time
to just watch so I swung around one of the bucket seats and enjoyed the show.
Linda was positioned so that her ass was facing me but I could still see her
inhaling Alec's dick. I loved to watch as he ran his tongue up and down her
slit and then he alternated between sucking on her clit while nibbling gently
on it and sticking his tongue as far into her hole as it would go. As he ate
her I noticed her cunt lips get more and more puffy and pink.

This routine didn't last long however. In just a couple of minutes Alec said
"Now I want to fuck this hot cunt of yours". He then rolled over and swung
around placing his hard cock at the entrance of Linda's love tunnel. As it
usually does, Linda's cunt instantly sucked his tool in. My wife was now being
fucked and I was in the perfect place to watch this new cock plunging in and
out of her. I wondered how long this might go on. In this position Linda
doesn't often cum but I didn't know what effect it had on him. As he continued
to fuck her my mind flashed back to the two prior times I had seen men plowing
my wife's hot sweet cunt. I remembered the drunken but effective efforts of Bob
and I remembered with special fondness the fucking she got from the well
endowed shoe salesman, whatever his name was.

My mind was quickly brought back to the van when Linda said "Let me be on top".
She and Alec then managed to roll over without his ever withdrawing his cock
from her pussy. She then began her familiar rocking motion. I figured correctly
that they both were probably going to reach orgasm soon.

In less than a minute I sensed Alec's body stiffen. "Ohhhh, baby. You are so
good. I'm cumming!" He then held his body rigid for several seconds and
collapsed back to the mattress. Linda, however, hadn't quite made it yet.

"Not yet, you bastard. Fuck me some more. I'm not done yet." I was somewhat
surprised. I had never before heard Linda use that word.

"Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Alec tried to oblige by pumping his hips up and
down while she continued to rock back and forth. That did the trick. In a few
more seconds Linda began to moan and her rocking became very erratic. She came
too. She then collapsed on Alec's chest.

"That was good," she said breathlessly. "That was very good." From my seat I
could see Alec's wilting cock begin to slip from her cunt. As it did it was
followed by a flow of Alec's white creamy cum.

"This is really some sight," I said. "Here it isn't even noon yet and my horny
wife has a load of cum in her cunt."

"Well, you'd better get used to the idea because I've got plans for a lot more
before the day is over. We'd better hit the road so I don't miss any chances."
I couldn't believe Linda's direct attitude especially in the presence of
someone we didn't know at all. On the other hand after she had fucked him there
aren't many more personal things that she could do or say.

Linda got up and tried to straighten out her clothes. She didn't look too bad,
but it was apparent that something delicious had just happened to her.

"Well, Alec, it was nice to meet you. I hope you enjoyed this as much as we
did," I said.

"Wow, sure did!" Alec replied. "I hope you two have a lot of fun at whatever it
is that you have planned."

"Linda hopes to fuck all the men in St. Louis, so I guess we better get on the
way."

We climbed out of Alec's van and walked the few steps to the car.

"I'll get the door," I reminded her.

"Fine, but you're going to see a very soggy cunt." She had just used another
word that I had never heard from her before.

"A soggy what?" I teased.

"Cunt," she said. "You know what those are?"

"No. Why don't you show me one." With that I opened her door and she sat down
again doing a great job of giving me a nice open display.

"There it is," she said. "Do you like it?" I could see more of Alec's cum still
dripping from her opening.

"I love it, but it needs a licking because it's dripping." I surprised us both
by squatting down between her thighs and burying my face in her gooey cunt. I
quickly ran my tongue down her crack past her asshole and then swept it up to
the top of her slit. Much like licking a dripping ice cream cone, I had cleaned
up the problem at least temporarily. The taste of her juices mixed with his was
unmistakable and exquisite. It was a taste that I was quickly learning to love.

"Man, that tastes good," I remarked. "I can't think of anything that tastes
better than your pussy after it has just gotten a good fucking."

"I plan to give you lot's of chances to taste it this weekend. Let's get on the
road."

That sounded like an offer I couldn't refuse so I quickly got in the car and we
got back on the road to St. Louis.

                               End  -  Chapter 4

