Title: For the Love of Amy - Ch.1
Chapter 1

     It was two years since I last saw Amy, a long time for lovers to
be apart.  Far, far too long.  I had my luggage in a sack, slung over
my shoulder, and I walked nervously to her apartment door.  I
knocked.
     She slowly opened the door, smiled and said, "Hey, stranger." 
Her long, blonde hair cascaded around her porcelain-like face and on
her shoulders.  Her cheeks were as pink as the last time as I saw
them, and her smile was as broad as the St. Lawrence River.  Her eyes
were a deep brown, and very sensual.  She wore a white, collared,
button-down shirt, tucked in neatly in her deep blue jeans.  The top
button was undone, however her cleavage could not be seen.  Her figure
was also as I remembered it, picture perfect.  She also happened to be
wearing the tan boots I gave her for her birthday.
     I dropped my luggage, and walked toward her with arms out to
reach her.  She approached me.  We embraced for a long time.
     "Oh, Chad," she whispered in my ear, "it's so good to see you." 
She was starting to shed a small tear.
     I tried a feeble attempt to settle her down.  "Shhhh, it's okay,
Amy, I'm here."  I kissed her tenderly on her pink cheek.
     She calmed down, then she pecked me on the lips.  I had almost
forgotten what her kisses tasted like.  We kissed again, but this time
our lips parted, and our tongues became intertwined involuntarily, as
if the two years hardly passed.
     She broke the kiss and said, "Um, well come on in, let me close
the door."  As she closed the door, she said, "We have a LOT of
catching up to do!"
     The dinner she prepared was fantastic.  We talked about each
others careers, where we were going in them, and how we might be
closer together.  Amy was very special to me, she was my one and only
true love.  I wanted to marry her very soon, but she wanted to
establish herself financially first, and get a chance to be on her
own.  She loved me with all her heart, and promised that nothing would
ever come between us.  Nothing ever did, and we didn't think anything
would.  Ever.
     We sat on her sofa, her right hand was in my left hand, her head
was on my shoulder.  I could smell her perfume wafting through the
air.  I recognized it as the perfume she wore on our first date.  It
was on that I declared my undying love for her.
     The television was on, but we weren't paying attention to what
was on.  I put my left arm around her, and kissed her willowy hair. 
She turned to me and smiled.
     "You know," she said "kissing is a lot more fun when the other
person joins in..."
     We leaned toward each other and kissed lightly, then deeper, then
once again our tongues were seemingly inseparable.
     We continued to kiss, while she leaned back and I leaned forward.
 We embraced.  Our passion grew and grew within us as we started
groping at each other.
     She broke off the kiss and motioned me to ease off her.  She
reached for the buttons on her shirt and started to button down. 
Slowly, one by one, each button popped revealing more of her beatiful
skin.  She got to the last button, untucked her shirt, and pulled off
most of it to reveal her neatly clasped bra, which exposed her
cleavage in full view.
     I took a moment to drink in her beauty, taking in her full
breasts, her eyes, her smile. I then buried myself in her cleavage,
kissing her and licking her.  Her breathing became harder, as well as
my own genitalia, and I felt her chest press into my face.  I squeezed
one of her nipples, and she squealed with delight.  "Ohhh, baby," she
cooed.  I continued fondling her, alternating between each breast.
     She gently pushed me off, made me sit up, and stood in front of
me, smiling all the while.  Her shirt dropped to the floor.  She
reached in back of her, and undid the clasp of her bra.  It fell,
leaving her mammaries to swing freely, firmly, yet softly.  She then
unbuttoned her jeans, unzipped them, then slowly pushed them down. 
She kicked them off, and all that remained were her white, pristine
panties.  I couldn't help but smile in return, as I felt a stir
between my legs.
     "Have I told you how beautiful you are," I inquired.
     "Of course, my love."
     She then approached me, and pulled off my sweater and undershirt.
She kneeled down, and removed my sneakers and socks.  While kneeling,
she unbuttoned my jeans and unzipped them.  "Stand up, dear," she
huskily said.  Still kneeling, she slowly pulled off my jeans.
     Finally she stood up, and there we were, standing, me in my
briefs, and her in her panties, nothing more.  I trembled inside, with
both passion and and fear, yet there was nothing to fear.  Amy, the
love of my life, was with me, and we were about to share the one thing
that make lovers as close together as they possibly could.
     We embraced and she could feel the stiffness in my pelvic area on
her pelvic area.  She moaned, and she was starting to become moist,
which I felt seeping slightly through her panties.
     She nibbled my ear, then took me by the hand and led me to her
bedroom.  Amy got into bed first, and while underneath the covers, she
tossed out her damp panties.  She smiled, and said, "Next?"
     I joined her underneath the sheets, and removed my briefs.  I
tried to toss them out, but her feet were kicking mine, playfully, and
preventing me from doing so.  She giggled, and I kissed her.  She made
a remark about how cute I was, then let me toss the briefs on top of
her panties.
     We laid down, and our arms intertwined with our bodies, we
embraced, side by side, and kissed, passionatly, and with tremendous
energy.  I felt a yearning deep in the pit of my stomach, and I was
sure she felt it too.  Between kisses, she let out small gasps.  "Oh,
Chad... Oh... stuff meee..."  By now my penis was extremely firm, and
ready.
     I rolled on top of her, and held myself at that position, ready
to enter her vagina.  She looked at me, again she smiled, and trembled
a little.  I paused to look into her eyes.  She was so beautiful, like
looking directly into the eyes of an angel.  I watched her chest heave
in rhythm to her respiration.  I mouthed the words "I love you," then
put the tip of my penis at the lips of her wet vagina.
     She closed her eyes, opened her mouth, and let out a long exhale,
"Ohhhhhhh....."   I pushed, slowly at first, watching her face wince
and twitch, as her moist love box surrounded me.
     "Oh, Chad, uhh..."
     She moaned a little with each gentle push.  It felt good, her
moist, lubricated flesh was around my member.
     "Oh, Chad.. yes.. don't stop.."
     When I was completely inside her, I paused once again to gaze
upon her beauty.  My penis was well buried within her, it felt good to
have her surround me once again.  She was panting, and managed to say
"I love you, too," between pants.
     I buried my face in her left shoulder as she pushed her head back
into her pillow.  I began to thrust, ever so slowly, her wetness
surrounding me on each thrust, and she copied my rhythm.  We both let
out moans of pleasure on each thrust.
     "Oh, Chad... uhh... yes.. Chad.. baby.."
     "Yes, Amy, ohh... ohh... yes..."
     "Don't stop, don't stop, yes!"
     My thrusts gradually became stronger, slipping fluidly within
her, as her moans became louder.
     "Yes!  Yes!  Oh God, yes!"
     She almost drowned out my own noise.  Soon, we were at a very
rapid pace, and her legs were wrapped tightly around me to hold on. 
She screamed loudly, as her vaginal juices came around my penis.
     "CHAD!  YES!  BABY!  OHHH!  DO IT!  YYYESS!"
     "AMY!  YES!  UHHHH!"
     My glands swelled, and I shot a large burst of my semen into her.
 Then another.  And another.  The bursts continued for an immesurable
amount of time.
     "CHAAAAAAD!"
     "AAAAMY!"
     We both orgasmed simultaneously, beautifully, like graceful
dancers on the stage.
     Our breathing became more relaxed, and we calmed down.  My penis
became supple, and removed itself as I rolled off my lover, next to
her.
     I then turned to her and said,  "Amy, I love you very much, and I
will never leave your side."
     "Oh, Chad," she spoke, and smiled as a tear ran down her pink
cheek.  "I.. I love you, too."
     We slept in each other's arms until morning.  I was on my back,
my eyes fluttered opened, and I had a strange, wet sensation.  Amy was
not along side me, but 'neath the covers, her face close to my now
limp love tool, which was covered with a thin layer of saliva.  She
smiled and said, "Good morning..."
     She then put her lips around the head of my penis, and almost
immediately it began to become aroused.  Her tongue bathed it, as she
took in more of me.  Her head bobbed, I became extremely stiff.  I
closed my eyes and felt her lips up and down my entire shaft, her
tongue continued to provide the lubrication she needed.  Once in a
while, she swirled her tongue around my rod, then her lips engulfed
it.
     "A.. Amy.."
     She knew I was getting to the extasy point, that's when she
released her mouth, raised her head, straddled me, then protruded her
tongue into my mouth, and embraced me.  She guided her pleasure tunnel
to my penis, and I felt her vaginal juices surround me once again.
     She was in control, she thrust on me with fierce determination,
my penis felt her surround me.  She was wet, sensual, sexual,
ravishing...
     She arched her back, and raised her head.  "Ohhhhhhhhh!!!"  She
orgasmed first.  She continued to pump me, until it was my time to
come.
     My glands were swelling once again, just like the night before,
only this time it was fiercer.  I exploded inside of her as she came
one more time.  She collapsed on top of me.
     The rest of the morning was not easy, because, once again, I was
in my street clothes, and my sack was over my shoulder.
     "So," she said, standing there in her silk robe, "um, how long
this time?"
     "Don't know.  Not long I hope."
     "That's what you said last time."
     "I know, I know.."
     Her hands were on her hips, and gave me a look that said
I-need-to-know-now-mister.
     "Amy," I paused for a few seconds, "I will always be ready for
you.  No matter what, I will never leave you, I will wait for you,
whenever that time comes."
     She sniffed, and her eyes began to swell with moisture.  "Chad,
you know that I feel the same way about you.  Yes, when the time
comes, I will let you know.... oh, Chad, I love you!"
     She threw her arms around me, and I returned her embrace,
dropping my sack.  We hugged, kissed, then kissed for the last time,
passionately, with fire, as our mouths seemingly ate each other,
tongue on tongue, lip to lip.  The kiss ended.
     We parted, I picked up my sack, and headed for the door.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title: For the Love of Amy - Ch.2
Chapter 2

     Six months passed since I last saw Amy.  I did not want to wait
as long as I did last time.  This time, she came to see me in my
apartment.  The doorbell rang.
     I slowly opened the door, smiled and said, "Hey, stranger!"  A
feeling of deja vu came over her, and she smiled, how I loved to see
her smile.  Her blonde hair was in a pony tail, and her smile accented
her pink cheeks.  She wore grey sweatpants and a grey sweatshirt.  She
flung her suitcase on the sofa, then ran to me.  Next her arms flung
around my body, and she showered me with kisses.  I hugged her in
return, feeling that beautiful figure once again.
     I kissed her on the lips, then nodded to the open door.
     "Ok, Chad, I'll let you close it!"
     Over dinner, we talked about the future again.  It was only six
months since our last encounter, but before that it was two years.  We
discussed how we could even shorten the length of time to less than
six months.
     We found ourselves on the couch, arm in arm, watching a romantic
movie.  The film put me in the mood, and I could tell Amy was, too. 
On occasion, the scent of her perfume got to me.
     The movie ended, she released her embrace, then sat up.  I didn't
know what to expect then, but imagine my surprise when she removed her
sweatpants to reveal black stockings underneath!  She gave me a
coquettish look, then pulled up her sweatshirt a little to reveal her
garters and small, black panties which were cut high on the thigh. 
She pulled up her shirt more, slowly... at first I saw her flat
stomach, then I then saw her beautiful black lace bra, which barely
covered her breasts.  Her cleavage was in full bloom, and the bra
supported her well.  She removed the shirt, then smiled.  Amy reached
behind her hair to let her ponytail out.  She shook her head, and I
could only stare in awe and amazement of my beautiful lover who sat
before me.  Her hair cascaded about her shoulders, and was longer than
I last remembered it.
     She motioned for me to remain still, then got off the couch and
kneeled in front of me.
     She unzipped and unbuttoned my jeans, I raised myself a little,
then she pushed them down to my thighs.  She then pushed down my
briefs, exposing my genitalia.  Her lips locked onto it, bathing it
with her tongue.  Her tongue swirled around me with sexual vigor, as
if driven by an outside force.  In my heart, I knew what was driving
her.
     She didn't let up, I put my hands on her head and steadied her
pace as I felt her wet lips bob on my shaft.  My glands twitched, then
twitched some more.  I felt I was about to come, and I did come!  My
spurts of semen went into Amy's mouth, and I didn't want to stop. 
Spurt after spurt, she swallowed it all.  Some spilled to the side,
and she licked it clean.  At least she cleaned as much as she could.
     She looked up at me, and smiled.  She slowly rose toward me, then
kissed me, our tongues met and I could taste my own semen.
     "Amy," I said, "Now it's my turn..."
     I stood up, and she laid down on the couch.  I removed the
remains of my clothing, and stood stark naked before her.  I then
kissed her on the lips, laying myself on top of her.  My lips made
their way down her neck, her breasts... I gently squeezed one on my
way down, and she let out a high moan.
     "Ohhhhh...."
     I then traveled down her torso, licked her navel, and finally put
my nose on her panties, right in front of her love box.  I reached
behind and squeezed her ass as my nose nuzzled her covered muff.  Her
panties were outside the garters, so it was easy for my hands to
gently pull them down.
     "Ohh, yess, Chad..."
     I began my licking around her vaginal opening, her pubic hair
tickled my nose.  She squealed with delight.
     "Oooooh, babeee, babeee...."
     Her vaginal lips were beginning to swell, and I could see the
libricants begin to glisten.  I nervously swallowed my own saliva and
plunged my tongue into between her labia.
     "OHHHH!!  CHAD!!!"
     My tongue worked feverishly within her, her juices flowed around
my mouth, her hips were swaying, and my hands were squeezing her ass
in an attempt to steady her movement.  Her moans became louder as she
gyrated in my face.  Suddenly, all at once her fluids burst upon me.
     "OHHhhhh... yes... stuff me..."
     I eagerly lapped up her love juice, then crawled back up where my
face met hers.  We kissed, and she could taste herself on my tongue. 
I thought I could taste my semen as well.
     Amy looked at me, and purred, "Mmmm, that was wonderful...."
     "You were wonderful, yourself, my love."
     "Chad, I love you," she said, as she moved her hands to my now
erect and slippery penis.  She guided it into her now drenched love
hole.
     "I love you too, Amy."
     My penis entered her fluidly, effortlessly.  I thrust into her
over and over again.  She squealed, I moaned, and we drove ourselves
to extasy again.  We orgasmed simultaneously, my semen spurted inside
her for several minutes.  I then collapsed on top of her, and slept in
that position for the rest of the night.
     Morning came, and my erection was no more.  My member removed
itself from my lover.  After a shower and breakfast, I had a surprise
for Amy.  We were sitting on the couch again.
     "Amy, I have something I must ask you."
     "Yes?"
     "This isn't going to be easy."
     She smiled.  "Well, just say it!"
     I then held out a small box, then opened it to reveal a gold
ring.
     "Amy, will you marry me?"
     She began to cry, then threw her arms around me, sobbing.  I
consoled her, patted her on the back.  I gave her a tissue, and she
tried to speak, but her words were choked up.
     "Oh, Chad... this is... the most happiest day of my life... I...
I... waited for this day for so long.  Yes, yes, I want to spend the
rest of my life with you... yes, Chad, I will marry you!"
     We kissed for a long time.  We couldn't wait for that day to
come.  However, we would have to wait for some time.  That afternoon,
I watched her leave my apartment building outside my window.
     When I turned around to return to my couch, I saw something red
on it that caught my eye.  It was her purse.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
Title: For the Love of Amy - Ch.3
Chapter 3

     A year later, we were married.  The wedding was a tremendous
success.  Just a small gathering, with a few of our relatives.  Amy
was dressed beautifully, white, lacy dress, high-cut, with many
surprises underneath.  Her stockings and heels were white, but one
could only guess if there she was wearing a garter or a teddy.
     Our honeymoon was in Acapulco, a very romantic setting.  We
arrived still in our wedding clothes, since we went directly from the
ceremony to the airport.
     At the hotel, I carried her in my arms over the threshold.  I
realize it was a bit old fashioned, but I was feeling sentimental, and
Amy really enjoyed it.  She smiled at me, and her pink cheeks were
pinker than usual.  I put her down, and gazed upon her beauty, her
dress hugged her waist and hips, showing her voluptuous body.
     "Oh, Chad," she said, as she looked out the window, "Isn't it
simply gorgeous outside?"
     "Yes, it is."
     We both sat on the bed, next to each other, and we looked out at
the beaches, the sunlight, the clear skies...
     She looked at me and said, "There's no reason for us to leave the
hotel, you know..."
     She put her arm around me, put her lips on mine, and started to
open her mouth.  I began to reach up for her breast.  Our kiss grew
deeper, as our tongues playfully danced with one another.  I continued
to fondle her breast through the dress.
     We laid down on the bed, our lips continuously locked.  I rolled
on top of her, still squeezing her breast.  I began to kiss her neck,
and she started to let out a little moan.  Suddenly, I heard a voice
that shouted, "Hey!"
     The entire scene stopped, as if a motion picture was paused.  The
voice spoke again.  It sounded female, and piercing.
     "Hey, Chad!"
     I stood up, and everything, including Amy, was frozen as a
statue.
     "Who is it?"
     "Chad, are you writing more garbage for alt.sex.stories?"
     "What the hell are you talking about?"
     "You know what I mean.  You're so wrapped up in yourself you've
forgotten what it was like to interact with a real woman!"
     "Look, who is this," I stammered.  At that point, my surroundings
had no color, they were all shades of grey, except for myself. 
Everything was still motionless.
     "Sorry, Chad, but this little fantasy of yours is over."
     Suddenly, everything melted away into nothingness.  My clothing
melted into jeans and a t-shirt.
     I sat in front of the terminal in the north campus lab and hit
the space bar.  Text scrolled on the screen, I recognized it as
English, but I didn't know what it meant.  I sighed.
     I tapped a few keys, then entered "logout."  Finally, I walked
away from the terminal.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------
