                    A (PARTLY) TRUE STORY

                       by Frank Zapper

                      NIXPIX Windy City


I guess I've always been somewhat precocious, both mentally
and sexually. I discovered masturbation at the age of about
8. I remember it clearly. Lying in bed waiting to fall asleep
at night I found that if I diddled my penis it would become
firm and erect, which was very pleasurable. If I kept
diddling long enough I would reach a stage where the pleasure
was so intense as to become almost painful. Since I was too
young to ejaculate, the orgasm would last for as long as I
could keep it up. Wish I could do that now!

Of course, once I found this out I did it at every
opportunity. When the hormones kicked in I really went after
it - on one occasion I jacked off 8 times in one night
(really!).

Partly because of this, I guess, I had a sexual interest in
my sister, Cindy, (two years younger than me) at a
correspondingly early age. I remember riding home from
grandma's one day with my sister and I sitting in the back
seat of the car. She was leaning forward to look out the
windshield and had on a sleeveless blouse. I could see her
very small pointy tits just starting to develop and the pink
nipple on the end. God!  What a turn-on! When we reached home
45 minutes later my shorts were sticky with pre-cum and I had
to jack off several times for relief.

Cindy was a petite redhead with very curly long hair and lots
of freckles.  When she got a little older she had a really
nice pair of tits.  She was also very much a tomboy and
didn't like to shave her legs (which were very hairy) or wear
a bra - which suited me just fine.  She had this strange idea
that she was too fat.  If anything she was a little too
skinny - except for her tits which, as I said, were very well
developed.

I don't know how she developed HER sexuality but, one night
our parents decided we were old enough to be left alone and
went out. Cindy and I weren't real chummy, like most brothers
and sisters that age, and just kind of left each other alone
when we weren't fighting like cats and dogs. Well, It was
getting a little late and we were in our pajamas. I went into
the TV room where the books were to get something to read (I
read a lot) and just about fell out!

Cindy was on her hands and knees with her pajama bottoms
pulled down to her thighs so her ass could stick out - so
Poochy the dog could lick her pussy! My first reaction was to
make a 180 and head back into the kitchen in shock, but after
a few seconds I went back, creeping very quietly on my hands
and knees to the door till I could just peek around the
doorjamb.  Apparently, she hadn't heard me because she was
still there in the same position.

Poochy was small border collie.  Cindy was reaching between
her legs to attract him to come up from behind and lick her
pussy.  As I watched, She'd coax him and he'd get to licking
pretty good then stop (stupid dog). He was teasing the shit
out of her, I could tell. I was several feet away and could
hear her panting when he'd lay that tongue on her pussy. I
peeked around the corner a little further and could see her
top was hiked up too, so you could just see her titties. Man!
they were even bigger than I thought, hanging down like that!
After a few minutes more of this I saw her start to rub her
pussy with two fingers, first slow then faster and faster.
She started to make more noise, first panting, then a sort of
combined groan and grunt. Then she was going like gangbusters
for a few minutes and she was getting pretty loud.  Suddenly,
she stopped, and sort of collapsed down with her cheek on the
floor, breathing hard. When she started to pull her pajama
bottoms back up I got up and ran for my room - and jacked off
until I was sore.

To this day I fantasize about Poochy getting the idea to
actually get up and mount her. I believe she would have put
on a REAL show in that case. I imagine him going up and
locking his forelegs around her waist. His penis small at
first - poking out while he thrusts towards her pussy - her
reaching between her legs to guide his doggie dick in. She
pushed her butt back so she could feel it better and let him
into her. Getting REALLY excited now, Cindy was looking
forward with her eyes glazed and mouth open.  Poochy likewise
got more and more excited, his knot slid in (Cindy grunted at
this point), small at first, but getting bigger once he got
it in and got real excited.  She didn't realize what a dog-
knot was and how big it gets until she was really gone and it
was too late: they were hung up!  Now it was my turn.  I
showed myself, PJ's gone now, my throbbing hard-on oozing a
little clear cum that drooled all the way down to my balls
from excitement.  I told her "I'll tell Mom & Dad if you
don't do what I want".

"You bastard!" she said, and tried to push Poochy off, but
couldn't - I could tell it hurt when she tried. She moaned
and lowered her face. Poochy got going even faster. I slid
forward to feel her young breasts.  Poochy was totally into
it now - tongue hanging out and humping to beat the band.
She tried again to push him away, but couldn't have even if
Poochy wanted to (which he didn't).  I looked at her pussy
and could see Poochy's knot was the size of a ping-pong ball
inside her pussy - she was really stretched!  I was just
about to toss off by now and told her "You suck this, or I'm
going to fuck you like Poochy!" At the same time I grabbed
her by the hair and shoved my dick in her face, leaving a
streak of cum on her cheek.

"I mean it!"  I said.

She closed her eyes and I found her mouth.  My dick slid into
her mouth and I started face-fucking her. I was about to
shoot off but it wasn't quite good enough (teeth).

"Stick out your tongue and suck hard at the same time!" I
instructed her.

"Just do it and it'll be over quick!" I panted.  By then she
just wanted out and did what I said. I knew I couldn't last
any longer but I said "Suck! Just like that!  Harder!" and
she did. I held her head and fucked her mouth until I came so
hard it hurt.  I reached down and grabbed both her tits while
my dick spasmed and throbbed and squirted out more cum than I
ever had before while, at the same time, Poochy was really
hitting his rhythm.  This seemed to last forever - she let my
cum run out of her mouth and drip off her chin, gagging a
little, while Poochy hit his top speed.  After what seemed
like eternity, it was over and I pulled my dick out of her
still-sucking mouth.

I had come so hard my balls ached and my dick was sore. I
leaned back, panting. Cindy rested her head on my thigh,
wiping the cum off her mouth and chin with my leg.  After a
few minutes I scooted back toward Poochy.  He was also done
and managed to pull out (Cindy let out a small cry at this
point), even though he was still rather hard.  I could see
Cindy's pussy and thighs were covered with dog (girl?) cum.
Man, what a night! And I knew that this was just the
beginning...

Ah, well, enough fantasy - back to the story. Several months
after watching Cindy with the dog (which I never told her
about) I was jerking off in bed, like I did every night
(usually several times a night at this tender age).  The foot
of my bed was toward the door and Cindy's bedroom was just
around the corner. The hall light was on so it wasn't real
dark. I realized later that if you were sneaky you could see
the lower half of my body by creeping up close to the corner
and I wouldn't be able to tell.  Anyway, the covers had been
to my knees for some time when I saw Cindy sort of slide
around the corner into my room. I pretended I didn't notice
while she slid around the corner and down the wall into a
squat.

Being watched by her turned me on even more and I began to
hold my (even harder & bigger now) dick by the root so she
could get a better look, while I pretended not to notice her.
She gradually slid her PJ's down to her calves and started to
finger herself! Now I was super hard and after a few minutes
looked directly at her. She looked away but continued to
finger herself while I started jacking off much harder.  Then
she turned toward me and we watched each other get off on
each other - AND HOW! I don't know why I didn't squirt then
and there (except for maybe the 15 times I'd already done it
in the last few days).  Her top was half unbuttoned already
so I whispered "Show me your tits." and she did!

Man was she beautiful! Her tits were BIG for a girl her size
and age and the nipples were erect!  The aureola and nipples
were so light pink that they were lighter than her freckled
skin.  God! What a turn on!

"Want to get a better look? Come over here." I whispered.
She scooted the few feet across the bedroom to my bed without
even adjusting her PJ's. Her face was only a foot or so from
my dick and her eyes were riveted on my penis, which by now
had a life of its own what with the incredible twitching and
throbbing. I reached out to gently to spread her PJ top while
I jerked and she reached for her pussy again.  I could hear
it squish as she rubbed herself.

We watched each other masturbate a while longer, both of us
getting hotter by the second until finally I asked "Want to
touch it? Get under the covers!" Which she quickly did.  She
pulled up her PJ's to jump in, and I made room and threw the
covers over.

"Here feel it." I said holding it forward in my hand.  She
explored me thoroughly with both hands, starting with the
throbbing shaft, squeezing firmly with both hands and
fascinated by the pulsing and spasming. She worked her way up
toward the sticky head, then again down lower on my penis,
noticing the urethral passage on the underside (squeezing out
a little pre-cum).  She examined my balls, feeling every
vein, testicle, vesicle, vas deferens and other anatomy.
When she went lower I said "Feel the mold line?" at the skin
crease on my perineum. "Here feel this part" indicating the
most sensitive part of a man (boy) - the frenulum below the
head.

While her hands worked on the most sensitive parts of my
young adolescence, I started to feel her breasts.  She was
very shy about being touched, so I was very slow and gentle.
I could smell her now, under the covers.  I'd read and heard
references to this.  Usually, the comparison was to fish,
though I don't see the connection. To me it just smelled like
pure musky sexual pleasure - an incredible turn on.

"Can I see you?" I asked.

"What do you mean?" she said.

"Just pull down your pants so I can see. I've never seen a
girl before."

"No!" she replied.

"It's not fair!" I said. "I promise I won't touch!".

"Well, Okay. But if you touch me I'll scream!" she whispered.
(Mom & Dad were just down the hall).

"OK." I said.

So she pulled down her nylon PJ's. I kissed my way down her
stomach to her navel and below while I ran my hands down the
outside of her hips. Just feeling the shape of her budding
womanly body got me off beyond belief!

"What are you doing?" she demanded. I thought she was a
little scared at how my touches turned her on.

"Nothing." I replied. While I thought "Nothing, Yet!"

I kissed my way down her body to her new, red, soft pussy
hair. A little lower it was soaking wet.  Her hips bucked a
little, but her hands were on my shoulders.  I slowly lowered
my mouth a little further to her most private parts, at the
same time reaching my hands and arms under and back up over
her thighs.  My shoulders prevented her from closing her
legs.

The smell of her sex was strong! I lowered my mouth to her
slit and found how truly wet and turned on she was! She was
absolutely pouring with pussy juice! It was running down my
face. Her pussy seemed to be somewhat swollen, the labia very
large.

When I started using my tongue to explore the folds of her
newly discovered cunt she began to squirm strongly and push
my head away, but not strongly enough. One of her hands went
up to muffle her moans. I knew I had her licked. Her pajamas
were still around her ankles and I was kneeling on them. Her
knees were spread by my shoulders and her thighs held by my
arms.  Still, instinctively, not wanting to hurt my little
sister, I forced myself to be gentle. I began gently sucking
and licking her pussy, gradually working my back up to her
clit.

I stopped momentarily to wipe my face off on the inside of
her thighs.  When I got to the top of her slit there was the
tiny hard thing that I knew (from my extensive reading) was
her clit - the analog of my penis and the most sexually
sensitive part of her body.

I gently sucked - and thought the gig was up when she bucked
her hips and cried out. I stopped to listen in case the
parents might have heard, then she grabbed my head with both
hands and shoved my mouth toward her pussy as hard as she
could, nearly gagging me. It was pretty late and both Mom &
Dad worked so, after hearing nothing, I went back to work -
on Cindy's clit.

Feeling more confident, I reached up and cupped a glorious
virgin breast in each hand as I began to tongue her highly
erect clitty. I was surprised at its size, but found out
later some women have very large clits - like a very small
penis.  As I sucked her clit, took it in my mouth, she placed
a hand over each of mine, rubbing her breasts while she
started to rhythmically hump against my mouth.  Man! My tiny
red-headed sis was HOT!

My mouth, jaw, and tongue were getting pretty fatigued after
a while - unlike my dick, which was so hard a cat couldn't
scratch it and dripping with my own clear ooze! I licked and
kissed my way up Sis's belly to her navel, and from there,
slowly to her breasts.  She put her hands on my shoulders and
was trying to push my head back down. Her legs were still
spread. I had it figured to hold them that way with my own
larger, stronger thighs.  When my mouth got to her chest I
took as much of her left breast into my mouth as I could
without being too forceful. She hugged my head in both arms,
grunting,  and I spent several minutes just suckling - first
one side then the other.

I figured she was ready for what I planned next. I slid up
further, still having to hold her shuddering thighs apart
with my own, and began to gently bump the head of my penis
against her wet pussy.  After a little bit of this I knew
where her hole was and inserted the very end into her love
tunnel. She lowered her hands to my waist as I applied a
steady pressure with my dick and at the same time slowly
moved back and forth.  The head of my dick was about half way
in but I felt a definite resistance at this point. Cindy
started throwing her head from side to side and letting out
little cries.

I continued pushing back and forth a little bit longer,
hoping she would loosen up some. As my dick became wetted
with her pussy juice it went in a little further, but
stopped. I became impatient and began to push steadily into
her.  At this point she started struggling and squealing and
put her hands against my belly to push me away, but I had her
well secured.  Finally, the head of my dick popped into her
pussy. She let out a small scream! Time to pause again, my
hand went over her mouth, terrified that our parents would
hear. I was nearly insane, trembling and sweating with
desire. I would have blown my load into her right then except
for the fear of getting caught!

Again, no alarms from down the hall - not that I even really
cared at this point. Shit! It felt like there was a rubber
band around the end of my dick - only a super warm, soft,
slippery rubber band: my sister's pussy! After a minute or
two to let things calm down (and enjoy the sensation) I
started again to gently push in. I'd push in till I felt
resistance, then pull out just enough to lube my dick with
her wet pussy and push in a little bit further. Cindy was
moaning and gasping with her mouth wide open and her eyes
closed, still throwing her head from side to side. Her hands
had moved to my ass, giving me guidance in my penetration.
After several minutes I was in up to the hilt.

God! There could never be another fuck like this one! My tiny
sister was squirming under me, her tits rubbing against my
chest. Her hands clawed my ass, jerking my dick into her
supertight pussy as deep as it could go, our pelvic bones
grinding against each other.  She raised her legs and wrapped
them around my lower back.

It was Time! I propped myself up on my arms and let myself
go! I drew my dick almost all the way out of her till I could
feel the slick tight ring at her entrance around the end of
my dick and slammed it deep and hard - again and again and
again and again and again... As fast as I could, over and
over and over... Finally, we came: I slowed and just pierced
her as hard as I could with each ejaculation - she bucked her
hips up to meet each thrust, her hands still jerking me
forward.  We did this 10 or 12 times until we were spent and
I collapsed on top of her.

We lay like this for a long time - my nearly flaccid penis
still inside her. Some time later she pushed me off of her
and went (somewhat bowlegged as I remember) to her bedroom.

I tried to get her to do it again after that, but she'd say
"Not with my brother!" Sheesh!. To her it was just
a one night stand!

So, I had an idea one night to ask her "Want to see what
happens at the end?" (she still hadn't seen a man cum). She
thought for a second and said "Okay."

I went to her room in my jockey shorts and lay down on the
rug between her bed and the wall (where I wouldn't be seen if
someone happened to open the door). I pulled my shorts down
and showed her my hard-on (no surprise there).  She was on
her bed above me looking down.

"Here do it like this" I told her, demonstrating how to jack
me off. I rested my hands under my butt while she reached
down and started jerking me off like some kind of animal.  I
held back, doing my best to enjoy it for as long as I could.
I could tell her arm was getting tired when I felt my orgasm
building up. I started thrusting and a few moments later I
shot my wad HARD! The first two squirts landed on the bed
above, the next landed on my belly and the next few either
landed on Cindy's hand or drooled onto her fist.

She went "Eeeeeew!" and wiped her hand on the bedspread. I
don't guess she knew WHAT to expect. I pulled on my shorts
and jumped up. Looking back on my way out of her room, I saw
her touching my cum where she'd wiped it on the bed, looking
at it intensely.

That was the last sexual encounter with my sister.


=============================================================

EPILOG

Part of this story is fact, part fantasy. I won't spoil the
story by telling which is which.

I am now a 37 year old professional chemist. My sister is
married, taking classes in laser technology, and expecting
her third child (hoping for her first girl).

My own experience, discussions with close personal friends,
and discussions with my wife about her upbringing and that of
others in our very large family (she is a sort of confidante)
convince me that sexual experimentation among siblings is
the rule, not the exception. It is a result of natural
curiosity about a very powerful instinctive urge.  Normally,
this activity causes no harm, deliberate sexual abuse and
adult repressive reactions excluded.

I would be interested in hearing from others with similar
stories.

I may be contacted at Nix Pix Windy City 1-708-564-1092
as Frank Zapper.

Until then, fantasize freely!

========================================================================
An original story written by one of the wonderfully real people who
subscribe to Windy City Freedom Fortress      708 564 1754
headquarters of the NixPixNet of Adult BBSs:
NixPix Central (the *original* Nick)          303 375 1263
NixPix Sweden                             011 46 40 110590
NixPix Austria                            011 43 7719 8871
NixPix Finland                          011 358 0 298 3390

Remember -- fun and communication is what we're all about!
==========================================================================
