                       THE BRAILLE MONITOR



                     Barbara Pierce, Editor


     Published in inkprint, Braille, on talking-book disc, 
                        and cassette by 


              THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND 
                     MARC MAURER, PRESIDENT 
 


                         National Office
                       1800 Johnson Street
                   Baltimore, Maryland 21230 

                             * * * *



           Letters to the President, address changes,
        subscription requests, orders for NFB literature,
       articles for the Monitor, and letters to the Editor
             should be sent to the National Office. 

                             * * * *
 


Monitor subscriptions cost the Federation about twenty-five 
dollars per year. Members are invited, and non-members are
requested, to cover the subscription cost. Donations should be
made payable to National Federation of the Blind and sent to: 
 

                National Federation of the Blind
                       1800 Johnson Street
                   Baltimore, Maryland 21230 

                             * * * *

THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND IS NOT AN ORGANIZATION
SPEAKING FOR THE BLIND--IT IS THE BLIND SPEAKING FOR THEMSELVES



ISSN 0006-8829THE BRAILLE MONITOR
A PUBLICATION OF THE NATIONAL FEDERATION OF THE BLIND

                            CONTENTS

                                                      APRIL, 1994

WORLD BLIND UNION EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETS IN AUSTRALIA
by Kenneth Jernigan

TALK POOR BY DAY; LIVE RICH BY NIGHT
by Kenneth Jernigan

VICTORY IN THE CONNIE LEBLOND CASE
by Barbara Pierce

ANOTHER DISCOURAGING YEAR-END REPORT FOR NAC
by Peggy Elliott

READING THE NEWS: PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE
by David Andrews

SOME STRAIGHT TALK ABOUT BLINDNESS: REMARKS DELIVERED TO A GROUP
OF CALIFORNIA NURSES
by Sharon Gold

THE REAL SCOOP ON RADIO WORK
by Brian Johnson

EMPOWERING THE BLIND STUDENT
by James H. Omvig

BLINDNESS IN THE MIDDLE KINGDOM: MY RETURN VISIT TO CHINA
by Thomas Bickford

THE ROAR OF '94--WHAT TO DO IN DETROIT
by Sue and Don Drapinski

1994 CONVENTION ATTRACTIONS

RECIPES

MONITOR MINIATURES










        Copyright þ 1994 National Federation of the Blind2 LEAD PHOTOS: 1) A kangaroo lying on the ground. 2) A koala bear
in a partially enclosed eucalyptus tree. CAPTION: April is an
autumn month in Australia, but it was high summer when Dr. and
Mrs. Jernigan left last January for a meeting of the Executive
Committee of the World Blind Union. The koala (above) and the
kangaroo (below) are both residents of a wildlife sanctuary that
the Jernigans visited while they were in the country. It is
abundantly clear from these pictures that both animals recognize
and enjoy a comfortable living arrangement when they find it.

=================================================================
     [PHOTO--WBU North America/Caribbean delegates seated at a table in a
meeting room. CAPTION--From left to right are Euclid Herie, President and
Chief Executive Officer of the Canadian National Institute for the Blind; Gary
Magarrell, Executive Director of the Ontario Division of the Canadian National
Institute for the Blind; Susan Spungin, Associate Executive Director for
Program Services of the American Foundation for the Blind; and Kenneth
Jernigan, President of the WBU North America/Caribbean Region, attending the
meeting of the World Blind Union Executive Committee in Melbourne.]
     [PHOTO--Kenneth Jernigan stands with members of the WBU Executive
Committee. CAPTION--Shown left to right at the WBU Executive Committee meeting
in Melbourne are Shahid Memon of Pakistan, President of the Asian Blind Union;
Imed-Eddine Chaker of Tunisia, President of the African Blind Union; and
Kenneth Jernigan.]
     [PHOTO--David Blyth stands at the head table where the WBU Executive
Committee meets. CAPTION--David Blyth presides at the meeting of the Executive
Committee of the World Blind Union in Melbourne.]
     [PHOTO/CAPTION: The main entrance of the Royal Victorian Institute for
the Blind in Melbourne, Australia.]
     [PHOTO--Entrance of Association for the Blind's library, taken from the
street. CAPTION--The library of the Association for the Blind in Melbourne,
Australia.]
     [PHOTO--Dr. Jernigan bends and pets a wombat, which is lying in a
wheelbarrow. CAPTION--Kenneth Jernigan pets a wombat at a wildlife preserve in
Australia.]
     [PHOTO/CAPTION--Kenneth Jernigan feeds a courteous kangaroo.]
     [PHOTO--Kenneth and Mary Ellen Jernigan standing at an outside
marketplace, with shoppers around. CAPTION--Kenneth and Mary Ellen Jernigan at
the Victoria Market in Melbourne.]



           WORLD BLIND UNION EXECUTIVE COMMITTEE MEETS
                          IN AUSTRALIA
                       by Kenneth Jernigan

     As President of the North America/Caribbean Region, I am one
of the officers of the World Blind Union and a member of its
executive committee. The officers usually meet twice a year, and
the executive committee meets at least once in the interim
between the quadrennial conventions. Such a meeting of officers
and executive committee occurred in Melbourne, Australia, in late
January of this year, and Mrs. Jernigan and I attended.
     We left Dulles Airport on the evening of January 20, and I
approached the flight with my usual misgivings. As most of those
who have even a casual acquaintance with me know, I have a real
fear of flying. It wasn't always like that. In the 1950's I flew
more than a million miles and enjoyed every minute of it. I did,
that is, until the day I had the misfortune of being on a plane
that caught fire on takeoff. We made it back to the airport
without mishap, but just a few days later, I was coming out of
Reno when one of the two engines on the plane didn't develop
power, and we almost crashed. That did it. I felt like a gun-shy
dog, and I haven't changed since. But there are times when I
simply have to fly--so I do it.
     But back to the Melbourne trip. Because of the price of
tickets, we went the long way 'round. We flew from Dulles seven
hours nonstop to Frankfurt, Germany--and then after a two-hour
wait, twelve more hours nonstop to Singapore. There was another
two-hour wait, and then eight more hours nonstop to Melbourne.
When you consider that Melbourne is sixteen hours ahead of
Baltimore and that the trip took more than thirty hours, you can
see why we had to unscramble our days and nights once we got
there. Actually we weren't as tired as we had expected to be. 
     I think I can best summarize the Melbourne experience by
dividing it into four categories: the meeting of the World Blind
Union officers and executive committee, my visits to agencies
doing work with the blind, my contacts with local blind people,
and what you might call extracurricular activities. Let's take
first things first and deal with the WBU.
     The meetings were held at the facilities of the RVIB (Royal
Victorian Institute for the Blind), one of the two principal
agencies doing work with the blind in the State of Victoria. WBU
president David Blyth is an employee of RVIB, heading up its
division of employment services, and he and the rest of the RVIB
staff exerted themselves mightily to see that all of us were
comfortable and well-treated.
     The meetings were about as inspiring as such things usually
are, but there were ebbs and flows. As far as I am concerned, two
events stand out. At the beginning I should say that I am
probably in the minority in putting these two items at the top of
the list. The first dealt with some of the countries which were
formerly part of the Soviet Union, and the second had to do with
the relations between the WBU and the International Disability
Foundation.
     Several of the former Soviet Republics (those located in
Central Asia) had applied for membership in the WBU, and the
question of what region they should join was being considered.
The World Blind Union is divided into seven regions: Africa,
Asia, East Asia/Pacific, Europe, Latin America, Middle East, and
North America/Caribbean. Since the former Soviet Republics under
discussion are clearly in Asia, I wondered what we were talking
about. I was quickly enlightened.
     I was told that since they had formerly been part of the
Soviet Union, and since the Soviet Union had been part of Europe,
the Republics in question might feel more comfortable being part
of the European Blind Union. When I got the drift of the argument
and recovered from the shock, I suggested that perhaps the United
States should also be part of the European Blind Union. After
all, we were formerly colonies of England. And maybe we could
also add Canada, Australia, and a sizable portion of Asia--not to
mention most of Africa and the Middle East. Of course, we mustn't
forget Latin America, which belonged to Spain--except for Brazil,
which belonged to Portugal. My humor was not appreciated, nor was
the logic lurking beneath it.
     After some discussion the question was postponed for later
decision, but the matter points up a problem which bedevils the
World Blind Union and which will not go away. There is a serious
imbalance in WBU representation. Of the somewhat more than 300
votes, Europe has 120. North America/Caribbean has 12, and Asia
(with its billions of people) has fewer than 100. The other
regions are similarly under-represented. When I called attention
to these statistics, I was told that I should not be concerned
since Europe does not vote as a block. Perhaps--but I was neither
comforted nor convinced. The fact that the European leaders
apparently see no problem or injustice in this situation does not
bode well for the future. In Cairo the WBU president (a European)
demonstrated that Europe has enough votes to prevent any change
in the constitution regarding ratio of delegates. Even so, the
WBU is a voluntary organization, and it is questionable whether
the rest of the world will forever tolerate the current skewed
voting pattern. There are twelve officers of the World Blind
Union. Four of these (one-third) are European. No, Europe does
not always vote as a block. It would be surprising if it did--but
it manages.
     The issue concerning the International Disability Foundation
was more immediate and equally basic. From what I can gather, the
International Disability Foundation (IDF) is the brainchild of a
former U.N. employee named Hans Hoegh. The IDF is raising money
throughout the world (including the United States) in the name of
people with disabilities as a group. Arne Husveg, president of
the European Blind Union and a fellow countryman of Mr. Hoegh,
proposed that the WBU accept financial help from the
International Disability Foundation and free office space in the
center it plans to establish at The Hague in the Netherlands. I
contended that if the WBU accepts such help from the
International Disability Foundation, it will be violating its
announced policy of supporting specialized services and
organizations of and for the blind. Mr. Husveg, with his usual
penchant for avoiding personal attacks and dealing with issues,
said that my logic was shallow and my outlook one of calamity and
pessimism. He went on to say that it would be all right to accept
money and office space from the IDF if the WBU were assured that
it would have a substantial voice in IDF's policies and decision
making.
     I argued that it didn't matter how much voice the WBU had if
it accepted IDF office space and money. Hoegh's International
Disability Foundation could and would correctly say that it was
raising money for the World Blind Union, and the World Blind
Union would find it increasingly difficult to raise money on its
own and separately. Mr. Husveg argued that the United Nations
wants all disability groups to work together and that, therefore,
the WBU must either engage in such joint action or not have U.N.
recognition. I told him that legislative and executive bodies
consistently pressure all disability groups to merge and speak
with a common voice. This means spending less money for the needs
of the blind and other groups, and it makes it easier for the
disabled to be lumped into an amorphous, colorless mass and
ignored. These pressures to merge are not a new problem, but we
gain nothing by meekly submitting to them. The United Nations and
the rest of the world will recognize and deal with organizations
and specialized programs for the blind if we reasonably and
vigorously insist on it, but they certainly will not if we
quietly lie down and die.
     Ultimately the lure of the money carried the day. I asked
for a roll call vote, and when the tally was taken, the North
America/Caribbean votes were unanimously against the proposal. We
were the only ones who voted against it, however. A few other
delegates abstained, but nobody else stood to be counted. The
decision was that Mr. Husveg (representing the WBU) will
negotiate with Mr. Hoegh and that if he is satisfied that the WBU
will have sufficient voice in IDF decisions, the WBU will locate
its principal office in the disability center at The Hague with
the other disability groups and that the WBU will accept IDF
financial support. In my opinion this was the most critical vote
taken at the meeting, and also in my opinion it has within it the
seeds of the possible destruction of the World Blind Union.
     There are many more things that I could say about the
meetings, but I will leave them for another time. For now let it
suffice that the organization seems to have stabilized its
finances and got itself on an even keel. Its budget is skimpy
when compared with the urgent needs that exist throughout the
world but impressive when compared with the problems that have
been faced and solved. There can be no question that Dr. Euclid
Herie has done a competent job of fiscal management and
stewardship. An effort is being made to establish a separate
foundation to fund the WBU, but the project is still in the
formative stages.
     In view of commitments I made concerning money, I should
mention at least one other matter. It involves the Louis Braille
birthplace and museum at Coupvray, France. Every blind person in
the world owes a debt to Louis Braille. He gave us the means of
literacy, and ultimately of freedom and equal participation in
society. The home where he was born has been operated for many
years as a museum. It is now in such bad repair that it is in
danger of total destruction. It has been closed to the public for
safety reasons, and its future is in doubt.
     When the World Blind Union was established in 1984, it
assumed responsibility for the upkeep and operation of the Louis
Braille Museum, but there has never been enough money. We of the
National Federation of the Blind have made contributions from
time to time, and so have a few others from here and there
throughout the world. Mostly, however, people have simply debated
and tried to assess blame.
     At the Melbourne meeting we were told that the Louis Braille
Committee of the World Blind Union and the French organizations
of the blind had recently held discussions with the mayor of
Coupvray and that an architect had been employed to make plans
and get cost estimates. We were further told that approximately
$110,000 is needed to make permanent repairs to the Louis Braille
home. This would not be simply a patch job but a thorough
renovation. We were told that the mayor of Coupvray has said that
he will find $55,000 if somebody else will provide the other
$55,000.
     At the conclusion of the report, the usual debating and
finger-pointing began. It seemed clear that no conclusive action
would be taken and that the Louis Braille home would likely be
allowed to continue to deteriorate. Feeling that we not only had
an obligation to the memory of Louis Braille but also to the
blind of future generations, I could not remain silent. Trusting
that the blind of the United States would back me, I said that if
the facts were as reported, I would go home and try to raise the
$55,000 to match the pledge of the mayor of Coupvray. In fact, I
said I would try to find somewhat more than $55,000 if the
estimates proved low. Although there was general approval, even
this proposal brought a certain amount of wrangling.
Nevertheless, it was agreed (with one negative vote being cast)
that I should make the effort.
     I am now in the process of finalizing the matter, and I hope
that the blind and our friends throughout the United States will
rise to the challenge. I invite local and state affiliates of the
Federation, individual blind persons, and friends of blind
persons to make contributions to this cause if they wish.
Donations should be sent to the National Federation of the Blind,
1800 Johnson Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21230. Checks should be
made payable to the National Federation of the Blind, and an
accompanying letter should indicate the purpose of the
contribution. Donations may also be made by credit card by
calling (410) 659-9314. Obviously such contributions should be in
addition to what individuals and affiliates already intend to
give.
     Before talking about the agencies doing work with the blind
in Australia, I should probably give a few background facts to
put matters in perspective. Australia has about 17,000,000
people. Most of them live in cities along the southern and
eastern coasts. Some live in cities along the northern coast, and
a few live along the western coast. Only a scattering live
inland. The country is divided into six states, the most populous
being New South Wales, with Sydney as its capital. Victoria (with
Melbourne as its capital) is the second most populous state,
having something over 4,000,000.
     Australia's monetary unit is the dollar. One American dollar
is worth about a dollar and thirty-two cents in Australian money.
They have less paper and more coins than we do. There are both
one-dollar and two-dollar coins, and no paper until you get to a
five-dollar bill.
     Two major agencies for the blind headquarter in Melbourne.
They are the Association for the Blind and the Royal Victorian
Institute for the Blind (RVIB).
     Mrs. Jernigan and I met with John Cook, the executive
director of the Association for the Blind, and we visited the
Association's library. A number of blind people told us that the
Association regards itself as somewhat of a rival of RVIB and
that it tends to cater to blind persons who are perhaps a little
less in the mainstream than those who deal with RVIB. Be this as
it may, Mr. Cook told us that his budget is about 15,000,000 U.S.
dollars per year. The Association has a Braille library and a
library of two-track regular speed cassette recordings. It does
not provide tape players to the borrowers.
     The Association has one service both worthwhile and unique
which I had occasion to use. It operates a radio station (call
letters 3RPH) on the regular AM band. This station operates
twenty-four hours a day seven days a week and has good
programming: newspapers, books, special features, and some of the
broadcasts from the BBC. The reading is done by volunteers, and
they are well-trained and do a good job.
     Mr. Cook said that there was originally an FM station
devoted to programming for the blind and that a number of AM
broadcasters thought it would have more commercial value than the
stations they owned. Therefore, a deal was worked out. AM station
operators were permitted to bid for the FM channel used by the
blind, and the successful bidder was given the FM license. In
turn, the blind were given an AM frequency and certain operating
funds. Yes, I know it sounds strange, but that's what Mr. Cook
told me--and I am certainly glad the station was there.
     Mr. Cook told me that the Association also operates a dial-
up newspaper for the blind. He said that it started in September
of 1993, that annual subscriptions cost about $100, and that
there are about 100 blind subscribers. I used a regular touch
tone phone and called the newsline. The volunteer readers seemed
to be doing a good job. By pressing different numbers I could
select what part of the newspaper I wanted to read and could scan
forward and backward. The volunteers put the newspaper on tape,
which is then handled by a computer to interact with the
telephone calls--much in the same way, I believe, that New Mexico
and the NFB of California are doing.
     Mr. Cook further told me that the association operates
nursing homes, day centers, low-vision centers, and telephone
peer-group conversations and counseling. I did not see any of
these programs in action, so I have only a general notion of
their functioning and effectiveness.
     Since the WBU officers and executive committee meetings were
held at the RVIB facilities, I met quite a number of the staff,
including Peter Evans, the executive director. Mr. Evans was
cordial and responsive. RVIB also has a library, but unlike the
one operated by the Association for the Blind, it distributes
four-track slow-speed cassettes and provides cassette players.
RVIB has a Braille library, but it is quite limited. New South
Wales and RVIB plan to join together to create a national library
for Australia, which would apparently distribute both Braille and
recorded material throughout the continent. RVIB has a newspaper
service for the blind, too. It is distributed on cassette and
consists of regional or suburban newspapers. I gather that for
the most part these are weeklies, thus making time not such a
critical factor.
     As head of employment services for RVIB, David Blyth holds
the highest position of any blind person employed by the agency.
He is in charge of two workshops, one for persons whose primary
problem is blindness, and one for persons with additional
problems. He told me that some eighty people work in the shops. I
was told that wages for the shop workers range from $160 per week
for the slowest to $250 per week for the best.
     These wages should be viewed in the context of the pay
received by other Australian workers. There is a governmentally
created industrial commission, which establishes minimum wages
for all Australian workers who are paid wages or salaries. The
minimum (called an "award wage") varies with the classification
of the employee. The lowest award wage is $280 per week. Thus, as
in the United States, shop workers do not get the minimum wage.
     However, Australia does have a universal "pension" for the
blind, which is not subject to a means test. The pension has been
in existence since early in the century but was only freed from
the means test in 1975. No other disability group has this
benefit. I was told that the pension for the blind is $160 per
week for a single person and $120 per week for a married person.
If two blind people marry, each receives $120 per week.
Presumably if they live together unmarried, each will continue to
receive $160 per week, which leads to the conclusion that living
in sin is rewarded and marriage discouraged. This is no
different, however, from some of the Social Security programs in
the U.S.
     Let me be sure I am making my meaning clear about the nature
of the pension. Whether rich or poor, young or old, employed or
unemployed, retired or otherwise, each and every blind person in
Australia is entitled to a pension regardless of any other income
or circumstance. If shop workers complain (as many doubtless do)
that they are not being paid the minimum wage, the government can
(and doubtless does) reply that when the wages of a shop worker
are added to his or her pension, more than the minimum award wage
is being received.
     As part of RVIB's employment services, David Blyth does more
than supervise the workshops. He has programs for both industrial
and professional training and placement. The training programs
are coordinated with the activities of the workshops.
Incidentally, a brochure published by RVIB says that the shops do
packaging, mop manufacturing, and production of wood products.
     RVIB runs a school for the blind. Formerly it was for
residential students, whose primary problem was blindness. Now,
students are mainly housed in foster homes and mostly have
multiple handicaps.
     The RVIB gets its money from the sale of workshop products,
from private fund-raising, and from the government--with the
largest part coming from the government. Apparently these
government funds are not direct appropriations but grants and
contracts. The total budget is about 13,000,000 Australian
dollars per year. As I review my summary of the activities of the
RVIB, I see that I have failed to mention that the organization
sells and distributes aids and appliances for the blind.
     As to contacts with individual blind persons, I should begin
by saying that the National Federation of Blind Citizens of
Australia is the largest and most active consumer group in the
country. When I worked in California in the 1950's, Hugh Jeffreys
visited Dr. tenBroek in Berkeley to talk about establishing an
organization of the blind. I worked with Hugh on organizational
details such as what kind of constitution and by-laws should be
written and the qualifications of members. I was pleased to see
Hugh again when I was in Melbourne. I met him and a number of
other Federation members and leaders one night at a barbecue held
at RVIB for the WBU visitors.
     Mrs. Jernigan and I had dinner one evening at the home of
Martin and Helen Stewart. Martin works in the shop and is head of
the union. The shop workers' union is part of the trade union
system in the country. I urged Martin to become more active in
the National Federation of Blind Citizens of Australia, pointing
out to him that the shop workers union can never be as strong as
the total body of the Federation and that the trade union
movement will never make the problems of the blind a prime focus.
The exchange was spirited and friendly, but I am not sure how far
I got. Incidentally, Helen (who is sighted) drives a street car,
which is called a tram. The Stewarts have an adorable, active
baby and seem to be a happy, productive working couple. They were
excellent hosts, and we became friends.
     Also under the heading of contacts with blind persons, I
should mention that Mrs. Jernigan and I had dinner and spent an
evening at the home of David Blyth, where we not only enjoyed the
company of David but also that of his wife Jessie and their son,
David, Jr. The Blyths went out of their way to make our stay in
Australia comfortable and pleasant. We had become acquainted with
David, Jr., earlier when he came to the United States to attend a
Federation convention with his father. At the Blyths' home we sat
in the back yard in summer weather, admired the lemon tree, and
picked plums.
     Let me move now to miscellaneous activities, which might be
called extracurricular. As I have already said, it was summer, a
sharp contrast with the sub-zero temperatures we had left in
Baltimore. One afternoon it got to 105 degrees.
     We took a day before the formal meetings began and drove out
into the country, with Jessie Blyth and David, Jr., serving as
our guides and companions. First we went to a wildlife preserve,
and I was able to touch the animals. As we went in, we were given
bread to feed the kangaroos, and they were eager to have it. The
kangaroo with whom I became most intimately acquainted was a
little more than waist high. It was a very courteous kangaroo.
While it was eating bread from my hand, one of its teeth touched
me. But the kangaroo didn't bite. It simply shifted a little and
kept coming after the bread. When it thought the pieces of bread
were too large, it took them in its front feet (which look like
little hands), broke them into smaller bits, and then ate them.
     Just before we met the kangaroo, we saw a man hauling a
wombat in a wheelbarrow. Mrs. Jernigan asked if the animal was
sick, but the man said that he was simply transporting it to a
new location, which led me to observe that the wombat has it
made. Humans work to feed it, and they haul it around when it
needs to go somewhere. All it has to do is relax and take it
easy. I petted the wombat, and it felt somewhat like the pigs we
used to have on the farm. I didn't think the wombat would bite
me, but I kept my hand just at the back of its head so that I
could turn with it when it moved. Now and again it raised up,
looked around, stretched luxuriously, and settled down again. It
seemed to have a pretty good life.
     I was also able to examine and pet a koala bear. It was
being held by one of the game preserve employees, and it seemed
to enjoy being petted. Just as a precaution, I kept my hand at
the back of its head, too.
     We were told some interesting things about the animals. The
koala is very picky about its eating. The game preserve employees
go out and cut the tenderest branches from the eucalyptus trees
and bring them to the koala. They say that it rejects about
ninety-five percent of what they bring and eats only part of the
rest. It sleeps nine or ten hours a day, eats for about four
hours, and rests most of the remainder of the time. It, too, has
a pretty good life. As one of the employees said, "I have to work
hard to feed that bear."
     We learned that the koala and the wombat originally came
from the same stock. The koala took to the trees, and the wombat
moved into burroughs under ground. There were also ostriches and
emus. I certainly didn't pet (or try to pet) either of them. The
emu has a long sharp beak and kept sneaking up behind me and
trying to get the kangaroo's bread. I also had the chance to hear
magpies, and I now know what it means when somebody is accused of
chattering like a magpie.
     When we left the game preserve, we went to the Seppelt
Winery at Great Western, almost a hundred miles northwest of
Melbourne. They took us twenty-five feet underground to a network
of tunnels cut into granite. These tunnels, which are said to be
the most extensive network of underground wine cellars in the
southern hemisphere, were dug (probably with convict labor)
during the middle of the last century. They contain millions of
bottles of wine. It was quite an experience. The main tunnels are
fairly wide, with branching corridors of ten or twelve feet in
width running for miles in all directions. We walked down the
center, and on both sides were endless stacks of bottles in
layers on top of each other four to six feet high. The guide said
we should not touch anything, but I interpreted his injunction
liberally. Mrs. Jernigan and I drifted toward the back of the
group and let everybody get around a corner. Then I made an
examination, which I felt sure the management would have wanted
me to do if the question had arisen.
     The temperature in the tunnels is constant year-round, about
fifty-five degrees. At the end of one of the side tunnels there
is a good sized room, which would hold thirty people or so. It is
the place where the winery formerly stored its most valuable
brandy, but it has now been converted into an ultra swank private
restaurant, where occasional VIP dinners are served. It is called
the Brandy-Nook. Mrs. Jernigan, who thinks about such things,
wondered whether the women in their fancy dresses would get cold.
     When we came upstairs to the winery showroom, we were
offered tastings and examined various sale items. Among other
things, we found some exquisite hand-blown wine glasses. I had
never seen anything like them. They were called port pipes
because of the little stem on the side through which the wine is
to be sipped. Needless to say, we bought some of them and now
proudly display them.
     While we were in Melbourne, we found time to visit grocery
and department stores to compare prices and merchandise. On one
such occasion in a large department store, the salesperson was
especially polite and helpful. She walked all the way across the
store with us to more than one location to try to help us find a
given item. Mrs. Jernigan said that we would not find a
salesperson in the U.S. who would be so accommodating, but I
suggested to her that human nature being what it is, you probably
would. The salesperson would not likely help a native but might
very well bend over backward to accommodate a foreigner. Our
Australian hosts confirmed this by saying that they rarely get
such service.
     We went to a music store and found what we were told were
typical Australian songs. Many of you doubtless heard one of them
on a recent presidential release, "Fry Me Kangaroo Brown." There
may be other selections that are more typical (and we bought some
of them), but I doubt that any of them are more fun than "Fry Me
Kangaroo Brown."
     Apropos of nothing I learned a new expression while I was in
Australia. I have often heard people advised to put their "best
foot forward," but I have never heard the expression, "He has
been on his back foot lately."
     Prince Charles was visiting Melbourne while we were there,
and he was taking quite a beating from some of the newspapers.
One of them said, "He's been on his back foot lately." It wasn't
meant to be complimentary.
     Australia was an unforgettable experience. We left on
February 2 and came back through Hawaii, where we attended the
state convention. Enroute from Melbourne to Hawaii we crossed the
international date line, which meant that we arrived in Hawaii
before we left Melbourne. So with jet lag and scrambled days, we
flew home and stepped back into the snow and cold.


[PHOTO--Arne Husveg seated at table wearing earphone for interpreting device.
CAPTION--Arne Husveg, President of the European Region of the World Blind
Union.]

              TALK POOR BY DAY; LIVE RICH BY NIGHT
                       by Kenneth Jernigan

     One of the headlines of the London Times for Sunday, August
15, 1993, reads as follows: "Talk Poor by Day; Live Rich by
Night: The Corrupt Heart of the UN Bureaucracy." Developments at
the meeting of the World Blind Union Executive Committee in
Melbourne in late January of this year make the London Times
headline and accompanying article of interest to Monitor readers.
The web of events is complicated and thought-provoking.
     A number of years ago (I think it may have been in London in
1989) Arne Husveg, president of the European region of the World
Blind Union, talked to the WBU officers about a new way to raise
money for the organization. He brought with him to the meeting
one Hans Hoegh, his fellow countryman from Norway. Mr. Hoegh was
billed as a UN functionary of some importance. He was to be
instrumental in establishing an organization called the
International Disability Foundation (IDF), which would raise
money and do other good things for people with disabilities,
including the blind. Mr. Hoegh assured us that his IDF would have
strong support from the UN and would be backed by UN Secretary
General Javier Prez de Cullar. He also implied that the World
Blind Union had better get with it and get on board. Otherwise,
it would have a hard time raising money and would get short
shrift from the UN.
     Some of us said that we were concerned about having the WBU
submerge itself in the general melting pot of the generic
disability movement, but we were silenced by promises of money
and threats of not being recognized by the UN. We left that
London meeting with visions of sugarplums dancing in our heads
and with glowing assurances that the ties between the World Blind
Union and the proposed IDF would constantly strengthen and result
in fame and fortune.
     In Melbourne this January the drumfire continued. With the
North America/Caribbean delegates standing alone and voting no,
Mr. Husveg carried the day and held high the banner of Hans Hoegh
and his International Disability Foundation. As reported in the
previous article, the WBU Executive Committee decided (with
certain reservations) to move its headquarters into Mr. Hoegh's
International Disability Center in The Hague and to accept money
from the International Disability Foundation. Apparently Mr.
Hoegh, who is now secretary general of the IDF, is still
headquartering in Geneva, Switzerland, until a place is prepared
for him at The Hague in the Netherlands.
     So why do I bring all of this up since much of it was
mentioned in the preceding article? Well, there have been
subsequent developments. To begin with, I have now read the
article which appeared in the London Times for August 15 of last
year, the headline of which I quoted earlier. Here is part of
that article:

          Neelam Merani is living high off the hog. The 52-
     year-old United Nations official spends his days
     relaxing on the sun-drenched terrace of his luxury
     apartment in Geneva, overlooking the city's lake. At
     night he and his Swiss wife, Esther, do the round of
     elegant parties on the UN's international cocktail
     circuit.
          The hundred thousand pound (at least 150,000 U.S.
     dollar) salary that supports the Meranis' comfortable
     lifestyle includes a special allowance to cover the
     high cost of living in the Swiss city. Merani no longer
     works, but his salary continues to be paid out of UN
     funds.
          Two years ago Merani (an Indian-born UN career
     official, who joined the organization in London in
     1964) was moved from his position as head of a UN
     campaign to raise global awareness of natural
     disasters. Grandly titled the International Decade for
     Natural Disaster Reduction (IDNDR), the project was
     part of the UN's refugee programme.
          But a year after its launch in 1990, the IDNDR was
     dubbed the "disaster decade" by critics, who accused
     its secretariat of waste, mismanagement, and
     inefficiency. In one year alone the campaign spent half
     its 1 million pound income on salaries and staff
     travel.
          Merani was blamed, he says unfairly, for the
     failure. Some in the UN unkindly nicknamed him the
     "master of disaster." He was moved sideways to the
     World Meteorological Organization (WMO), which studies
     weather patterns. Later he was told to go home on
     "special leave" and wait further orders. Although he
     still lists his occupation in the Geneva directory as
     "UN functionnaire," he has not been asked to lift a
     finger for the UN since.
          Merani's bosses at UN headquarters in Geneva
     decline to discuss his case. They have drawn a veil
     over his existence. They say he has "left" the UN and
     is no longer on its payroll. But Merani insists he is
     still being paid.
          Merani is one of at least 39 UN staff--15
     professionals and 24 general service employees--who are
     retained on full salary without having a real job.
     Officially known as supernumeraries, they cost the
     taxpayers and donors who fund the UN an estimated 2
     million pounds a year.
          Critics say Merani's position and that of other
     supernumeraries, nicknamed "desk warmers," demonstrate
     how millions of pounds that should be earmarked for
     relief supplies and peacekeeping efforts are spent
     instead supporting a vast and uncontrolled bureaucracy.
          Dick Thornburgh, a former American attorney-
     general, appointed last year to root out waste in the
     UN, said: "There are a number of senior people who have
     high positions and no assignment and yet there is no
     capability to terminate these people's jobs."
          Internal audit reports reveal an alarming pattern
     of abuse, mismanagement, and greed, which has become
     endemic in the organization. In the last two-year
     period alone, 540 million pounds have been squandered,
     one former senior UN official said.
          Money which the public might assume was destined
     for the needy in drought-stricken or war-torn areas has
     instead been spent on projects that have nothing to do
     with aid or peacekeeping.
          At a time when the organization is appealing to
     member countries and the public for tens of millions of
     pounds in voluntary donations, senior UN officials
     continue to enjoy generous benefits, perks, and job-
     for-life expectations that would never be tolerated
     outside.
          The hub of the UN's international operations, and
     the root of most of its problems, is a monolithic 38-
     story office complex overlooking the East River in
     Manhattan, New York.
          Here, 14,000 permanent staff are attached to the
     UN Secretariat and its dependencies. Their job is to
     service the principal UN organs--the general assembly,
     the security council secretariat, and the economic and
     social council--which shape UN policies and administer
     its programmes.
          When it was founded in 1945 to promote a new world
     order after the second world war, the UN employed just
     1,500 people.
          Yet, 48 years later it has become a bureaucracy
     run wild, employing more than 51,600 people
     internationally with a further 9,600 consultants
     employed by its agencies. Total spending by the UN for
     the two years ending in 1991 has mushroomed to nearly
     10 billion pounds. 
          Facilities at the UN's headquarters reflect the
     lavish lifestyles of many of its senior officials. They
     include a gourmet restaurant, an expensively furnished
     bar, and a lounge exclusively reserved for UN
     delegates. There is even a meditation room.
          Alan Keyes, a UN assistant secretary until 1987,
     was overruled in his objections to the installation of
     expensive heating equipment in the underground garage.
     "I thought it was a waste of money to worry about
     keeping cars warm when the people we are meant to be
     looking after could not even afford cars."
          Some of the worst losses, according to the UN's
     own audit reports, are in programmes designed to help
     the most disadvantaged people....
          One of the worst examples of abuse followed the
     decision by Prez de Cullar in April 1988 to appoint
     Hans Hoegh, a one-time Norwegian florist, as his
     special representative to raise funds for the promotion
     of the UN Decade of Disabled Persons. Hoegh's office
     spent 1 million pounds in two and a half years on
     "running expenses." The UN's own board of auditors
     stated: "No substantial funds have been raised for
     projects under the auspices of the United Nations. The
     objective ... was not met."...

     This is what the London Times reported last August, and I
want to make perfectly clear what I am saying and what I am not
saying. Although I have felt uneasy about Hans Hoegh and his
operation from the beginning, I cannot prove that there is
anything wrong with what he is doing or the way he is conducting
himself. During the Melbourne discussions I asked Mr. Husveg
whether Mr. Hoegh was being paid (or would be paid) for his work
as secretary general of the International Disability Foundation--
and Mr. Husveg said no. The reason I asked the question was
because I had been informed that Mr. Hoegh was trying to get a
high salary (probably $100,000 a year) to do similar work for
another disability organization and that he had been rebuffed by
that organization. I do not know whether this is true, but I was
given the information by a person whose integrity and
truthfulness I respect. 
     I have no evidence that would contradict Mr. Husveg's
statement that Mr. Hoegh is receiving no salary. I am simply
uneasy about the entire relationship between the World Blind
Union and the IDF, especially the danger that the interests of
the blind will be lost in the giant melting pot of the overall
disability stew. Moreover, I am skeptical about Mr. Hoegh's
ability to raise funds and about his standing in the
international community.  I am also troubled by the fact that Mr.
Prez de Cullar as Secretary General of the United Nations
appointed Mr. Hoegh to a UN PR and fundraising position that was
not successful--and then, after leaving his UN post as Secretary
General, accepted the presidency of Mr. Hoegh's International
Disability Foundation, Mr. Hoegh having also by that time been
separated from UN service.  Both Mr. Prez de Cullar and Mr.
Hoegh were high-paid officials of the UN. Both are now out. Who
in reality set up the IDF deal, and for what purpose? Who brought
the other on board--and why?  For that matter, how many other
former UN employees are looking for refuge in the International
Disability Foundation? You will meet one of them (Mr. John
Strome) later in this article. Is either Mr. Prez de Cullar or
Mr. Hoegh, or both of them, being paid?  Probably not.  Mr.
Husveg says Mr. Hoegh is not.  Nevertheless, I am still troubled.
     Apparently there are others who are also troubled. Early in
January of this year Mr. Hoegh sent what seems to be a form
letter, with appropriate variations, to a number of governments.
The one which was sent to Canada reads as follows:
     
     Geneva, Switzerland

     Dear Minister:
          On behalf of our President, Mr. Javier Prez de
     Cullar, we ask your consideration of the Government of
     Canada's assistance in a most important and
     constructive international initiative.
          Having reached a vital stage in our development
     progress, we request a Grant from the Government of
     Canada in the amount of

           90,000 Dutch Guilders ($60,700 Cdn Approx)

     to be applied toward the salary and relocation costs of
     a Canadian citizen, Mr. J. A. John Strome. As you may
     know, Mr. Strome, after finishing his appointment with
     the United Nations Office in Vienna, has worked with us
     as a Consultant and has extensive knowledge of this
     initiative from its earliest conception. Mr. Strome
     would be available to take up this very important
     position of Centre Coordinator as of 1 February 1994.
          Enclosed is a letter of support from the City of
     The Hague regarding the nomination of Mr. Strome for
     the position of Centre Coordinator.
          Also enclosed, as background information, are
     materials pertinent to the development, activities, and
     progress of the International Disability Foundation.
          Your very earliest response indication would be
     greatly appreciated.

     Yours sincerely,
     Hans Hoegh
     Secretary General
     The International Disability Foundation

     The response of the Canadian government (sent by fax) is
instructive. Here it is:

     Ontario, Canada
     January 28, 1994

     Dear Hans:

          Thank you for your letter of January 7, 1994,
     regarding the establishment of an International
     Disability Centre in the City of The Hague.
          As you know, Canada has a long history of support
     and involvement in issues of concern to people with
     disabilities. We have participated in a number of
     international initiatives and continue to encourage
     attention to disability questions through many
     international forums.
          Canada wants to meet contemporary economic and
     social challenges in a responsive yet proactive manner.
     One exemplary initiative is our national comprehensive
     review of social policies and programs. This is a major
     undertaking which includes income support systems,
     training, and employment programs. Services which
     impact people with disabilities are an important part
     of this review, and they are a special consideration
     for our attention.
          With this in mind, I must advise that it is
     premature and probably pre-emptive to identify the
     International Disability Centre as a priority project
     for us. Of course, we are concerned about partnerships
     and international cooperation on disability questions,
     but we are in no position to make any commitments
     beyond initiatives already underway.
          Now more than ever, our government must identify
     cost-effective ways and means of developing its
     international disability agenda. We realize the
     importance of sharing experience and expertise over the
     coming year, and wish you well in the work of the
     International Disability Centre, as well as the
     International Disability Foundation.
          The employment status of John Strome, as raised in
     your note, is of concern to us. Certainly, John's
     contribution and dedication to persons with
     disabilities, in Canada and abroad, is well recognized
     and we do appreciate your collaboration in this regard.
     Your consideration in ensuring John's continued
     contribution to the work of the IDF will be
     appreciated.

     Yours sincerely,
     Nancy Lawand
     Executive Director
     Status of Disabled Persons Section
     Government of Canada

     This is what the Canadian government said, and apparently
John Strome immediately felt the bite. He complained that his
repatriation expenses (presumably the UN money earmarked to bring
him home after his tour of UN duty) was no longer available since
it had been used by Hoegh's IDF to bring him to Switzerland for
IDF employment, for which Canada was expected to foot the bill.
He spoke of what he called "late-arising internal circumstances,"
which probably meant Canada's unwillingness to pay the tab and
Hoegh's resulting embarassment and pique. Under date of January
28, 1994, (the very date of Ms. Lawand's faxed letter to Hans
Hoegh) Mr. Strome sent the following telefax:

                             URGENT

     TO:  Skip Brooks
          Status of Disabled Persons Secretariat
          Hull Quebec, Canada

          Urgent I speak with you later today (after 13:30
     hours your time). I can be reached at home (+41 22 788-
     6600). Due to late-arising internal circumstances,
     employer not reimbursing my monies for January nor
     considering my repatriation expenses which they used
     from UN to bring me here. Now stuck in Geneva--broke,
     hungry, and needing advice.

     Kindest regards,
     John Strome
     
     Hot on the heels of the Strome communication came a fax
(curt and brief) from Hans Hoegh. Here it is:

     Geneva, Switzerland
     February 1, 1994

     To: Mrs. Nancy Lawand
     From: Hans Hoegh (International Disability Centre, The
          Hague)

     Dear Nancy:
          Many thanks for your fax of 28 January 1994.
          As you know, John Strome's contract with the
     International Disability Foundation expired 31 December
     1993. We prolonged it for one month waiting for your
     answer.
          As it was made clear right from the beginning, the
     International Disability Foundation has no financial
     resources to ensure John's employment in The Hague.

     Yours sincerely,
     Hans Hoegh
     Secretary General

     What is one to make of all these charges, communications,
maneuverings, and pleadings? I don't know--but I do know this: I
for one hope that the World Blind Union will rethink its
contemplated involvement with Hans Hoegh and his International
Disability Foundation. His behavior and record speak for
themselves. There are troubles enough in the world without going
out and trying to find more.


[PHOTO--Connie Leblond standing at a microphone. CAPTION: Connie Leblond.]

               VICTORY IN THE CONNIE LEBLOND CASE
                        by Barbara Pierce

     Four years ago Connie Leblond, President of the National
Federation of the Blind of Maine, decided that, with both her
children well settled in school, it was time to look for a job.
She turned to the Maine Employment Security Commission for leads,
but Maine is not a state renowned for its enlightened attitudes
about the abilities of its blind citizens, so she was first told
that as a blind person she could not expect to hold down a job.
In fact, it took her three months to pry out the name of even one
employer with a job opening for which Mrs. Leblond knew without
question that she was qualified. 
     In March of 1990 she went to the office of the Sentinel
Telephone Answering Service to fill out an application. Her
husband Bob drove her to the appointment and came in with her to
fill out the form at her dictation. Bob Leblond uses a support
cane, and Connie uses a white cane. Observing Connie's cane, the
woman at the desk asked if she had a vision problem, and Connie
told her directly that she was blind. When she went on to say
that she wished to apply for a job, Connie was told firmly that a
blind person could not do the work. It took her a few minutes to
realize that she was in fact talking with the owner of the
business, Theresa Milliken, and not a receptionist. She asked
repeatedly for an application and was told that there were
already too many applicants for the position for her form ever to
be considered. Connie explained that she had previously worked as
a switchboard operator, and she asked to examine the equipment
being used in this business. The request was denied. Mrs.
Milliken explained that Connie could not read the business
Rolodex, and Connie said that she could Braille the information
for herself in the office so that the cards could continue to be
used even while she was working with them. By the close of the
discussion it was clear that there was no way Connie Leblond was
going to be allowed to compete for this job. As the couple left
Bob remarked in sorrow that he hoped Mrs. Milliken never lost her
sight, for if she did, her life would be as good as over. 
     The following day Connie reported her experience to the
Employment Security Commission, which advertises that it works
with Equal Employment Opportunity businesses. She was told there
was nothing to be done. This was not a message that Connie
Leblond was happy to hear. She had been shaken by her encounter
with Mrs. Milliken, and she wondered fleetingly whether it might
be true that she could not do the job. Then she gave herself a
mental shake and a lecture. This was the state of Maine, where
the public's attitudes about blindness have been shaped for
decades by repressive agencies and institutions. She was the
President of the Maine affiliate of the National Federation of
the Blind, and unless she and the Federation stood to fight,
nothing in Maine was ever going to change. Connie contacted
President Maurer, who assured her that the NFB would stand behind
her and suggested that the next day she call her lawyer. 
     The first step was to contact the Maine Human Rights
Commission. A hearing officer was assigned to the case. She
investigated the situation and then conducted a hearing to which
Mrs. Milliken never bothered to come. Eventually the hearing
officer recommended to the entire Human Rights Commission that it
find in Connie Leblond's favor. In the fall of 1992 the Human
Rights Commission conducted its own hearing, absent Mrs.
Milliken, and unanimously found in favor of Mrs. Leblond, fining
Sentinel Service, Inc., $5,000. Astonishing as it may seem, Mrs.
Milliken simply ignored the decision and the fine. 
     Even when Connie Leblond's attorney threatened that the next
step was court, she continued to refuse to pay the amount she
owed Connie. According to the Leblonds, she had apparently
decided that, if she simply ignored the entire situation, it
would eventually go away. But in the summer of 1992 the case went
to Maine Superior Court. Connie Leblond was given only twenty-
four hours' notice of the hearing, but she and her attorney were
there, which is more than could be said for Mrs. Milliken. Mrs.
Leblond was a little disturbed to overhear Mr. Milliken, an
attorney in the city, walk straight into the judge's chambers
(where Connie was not allowed to set foot), call the judge by his
first name, and announce that he could find neither his wife nor
her attorney. The judge decided to postpone the hearing for a day
in the hope that Mrs. Milliken and her attorney would turn up,
which in fact they did. 
     Not surprisingly, given this interchange, Connie was
inclined to wonder how impartial the judge was likely to be. When
the hearing began, it was clear that the defense attorney had
decided to use two strategies. The first was to suggest that all
blind people were unable, by virtue of blindness, to do the job
at Sentinel. But since Mrs. Milliken had made no effort to
determine whether Connie Leblond could do the job, this effort
did not amount to much. 
     He then tried to paint Connie as a person who was spoiling
for a fight. Displaying a very aggressive attitude, he first
accused Connie of being the President of the National Federation
of the Blind of Maine and her husband of being a member of the
organization. Much to the judge's amusement, Connie agreed to the
truth of both these statements, pointing out that the NFB of
Maine does not discriminate against sighted people. The attorney
went on to ask whether it wasn't true that Mr. Leblond had been
using a white cane on the day he accompanied Mrs. Leblond to
Sentinel, and hadn't she tried to confuse Mrs. Milliken about how
much she could see. Connie set him straight by pointing out that
her husband used a support cane and by reporting her statement
that she was blind at the beginning of the interview. 
     Finally the question arose of whether and how Connie could
actually do the work required by an answering service. She talked
about her Braille and typing skills, but it wasn't until she
mentioned her closed-circuit television system that the judge
perked up. Suddenly he could understand that Connie really did
have a way of writing and reading. Her statements to the effect
that she might well not use such a device in a work setting were
ignored. 
     The hearing was over in less than a day, but it took the
judge a year to render his opinion. In the summer of 1993 he
announced that Connie Leblond had indeed been denied an
opportunity to compete for the job at Sentinel and awarded her
$20,700 in back pay and attorney's fees. Sentinel immediately
appealed the decision to the Maine Supreme Court. The case was
heard on November 5, 1993, and the court rendered its opinion on
December 22. Here it is: 

Maine Supreme Judicial Court upholding verdict by the Superior
Court Judge. 

                         CONNIE LEBLOND
                               v.
                     SENTINEL SERVICE, INC.
              Submitted on briefs November 5, 1993
                  Decided on December 22, 1993

     Before Roberts, Glassman, Clifford, Collins, Rudman, and
Dana, JJ. Collins, J.

     Sentinel Service, Inc. appeals from a judgment entered in
the Superior Court (Cumberland County, Perkins, J.) in favor of
Connie LeBlond in an employment discrimination action brought
pursuant to the Maine Human Rights Act, 5 M.R.S.A.  4551-4632
(1989), wherein the court awarded $20,700 back pay. We affirm the
judgment.
     Connie LeBlond, a legally blind woman, went to Sentinel, a
company that provides answering services to doctors and
businesses in the Portland area, to apply for the position of
switchboard operator. Theresa Milliken, president of Sentinel,
was the first person that LeBlond encountered. When LeBlond
explained that she had come to apply for the job, Milliken asked
her if she had a vision problem. LeBlond replied that she was a
blind person, whereupon Milliken told her that a blind person
could not do the job. LeBlond's subsequent attempts to explain
her switchboard experience and her ability to use her own
adaptation equipment were rebuffed by Milliken, who simply
restated her opinion that a blind person could not perform as a
switchboard operator for her company.
     Six days after this incident, LeBlond filed a complaint with
the Maine Human Rights Commission alleging that Sentinel had
unlawfully discriminated against her on the basis of her
blindness. After an investigation the Commission concluded that
there were reasonable grounds to support the discrimination
claim. Sentinel refused to participate in the informal
conciliation process. See 5 M.R.S.A.  4612(3). LeBlond filed a
civil action. After a non-jury trial the court found that
Sentinel had unlawfully discriminated against LeBlond and ordered
Sentinel to cease and desist such practices. See id. 
4613(2)(B)(1). The court also awarded LeBlond civil damages of
$1,000, id.  4613(2)(B)(7); attorney fees, id.  4622; and back
pay in the amount of $20,700. Id.  4613(2)(B)(2). Sentinel
appealed from the judgment entered on the court's order.

                               I.

     Under the Maine Human Rights Act it is unlawful for an
employer to "discriminate against any applicant for employment
because of race or color, sex, physical or mental handicap,
religion, ancestry or national origin, or age." Id.  4572. One
of the defenses available to employers is the "bona fide
occupational qualification" (BFOQ) defense, wherein an employer
is allowed to discriminate against an entire class of persons
protected under the Act, on the ground that the class of
applicants, by its very nature, is not able to perform the job.
Id; see Percy v. Allen, 449 A.2d 337, 343 (Me. 1982). Because the
BFOQ defense runs contrary to the non-discriminatory intent of
the Act, however, we have held that it must be construed very
narrowly, using a two-prong test whereby the employer must show:
(1) that the essence of the business operation requires the
discriminatory practice and (2) that there was a factual basis
for the belief that all or substantially all persons in the
excluded category would be unable to perform the job in a safe or
efficient manner. Rozanski v. A-P-A Transp., Inc., 512 A.2d
335.341 (Me. 1986); see also Maine Human Rights Comm'n v.
Canadian Pac., 458 A2d 1225, 1232 (Me. 1983). The court found
that Sentinel failed to meet the requirements for a BFOQ defense.
Because the employer has the burden of proof on a BFOQ defense,
we will uphold the findings of the trial court unless the
evidence compels a contrary finding. Plourde v. Scott Paper Co.,
552 A.2d 1257, 1260 (Me. 1989). Sentinel did not prove it had an
established and justified policy for excluding blind applicants,
nor did it show that the "essence" of its business operations
required the exclusion of such applicants. The BFOQ defense does
not, in this instance, excuse discriminatory conduct in the
hiring process.

                               II.

     Sentinel also contends that the court's award of back pay
was excessive in that it was not reduced by an amount LeBlond
could have earned through "reasonable diligence." Maine Human
Rights Comm'n v. City of Auburn, 425 A.2d 990,998 (Me. 1981). We
reject this contention for two reasons. First, Sentinel did not
carry its burden to prove that the employee could have mitigated
her damages by finding other employment. Id. at 999. Second, we
will uphold an award of back pay absent clear error by the grant
of the award or an abuse of discretion in the amount awarded.
Here the record reflects LeBlond's compliance with section 4622,
which is a prerequisite to the court's authorization for the
grant of the award. We have previously stated that it is not an
abuse of discretion when the court awards back pay in amounts
"designed to make the employee whole and not to penalize the
employer unless that penalty is authorized by statute." Rozanski
v. A-P-A Transp., Inc., 512 A.2d at 342. This award, which
properly reflected the amount LeBlond would have earned if she
had been hired by Sentinel minus the small sum she earned in
another job, was designed to make LeBlond whole and did not
inappropriately penalize Sentinel. 
     The entry is: 

                                               Judgment affirmed.

All concurring:
Attorney for Plaintiff: Alan J. Levenson, Esq., Portland, Maine
Attorney for Defendant: Seth Berner, Esq., Portland, Maine
                      ____________________

     There you have the words of the Maine Supreme Court
decision. At the time this article is being written (late
February) the Leblonds have yet to see a penny of the cash
settlement or the reimbursement for attorney's fees owed to the
National Federation of the Blind. Recently, when Connie called
her lawyer to inquire what was happening, she was told that Mr.
Milliken was now ill and Mrs. Milliken had decided to sell her
business and retire. Because Sentinel Services, Inc., owns the
couple's home, the Leblonds have instructed their attorney to
place a lien on the house so that, when it is sold, the Leblonds
and the Federation will be certain of getting their court-
determined settlement. Such cases are seldom neat and clear-cut.
This one will dribble to a close months or years from now. One
could wish that the defendant had come away from this experience
with a clear understanding that blindness is not a definitive
indication of incapacity and that the judges had understood the
efficiency and effectiveness of Braille as an alternative
technique. These things did not happen, but a blind woman has
stood up for her rights and won, and the organized blind have
stood together to support her. We can take pride in our
accomplishment. The first step is always to win justice;
afterward we can take the time to educate people about what the
victory means. There is still plenty of opportunity for education
in the state of Maine.
[PHOTO--Peggy Elliott sits at a table microphone, reading Braille notes.
CAPTION: Peggy Elliott.]

          ANOTHER DISCOURAGING YEAR-END REPORT FOR NAC
                        by Peggy Elliott

     Peggy Elliott is the Second Vice President of the National
Federation of the Blind. She is also an attentive and interested
observer of the goings-on at the National Accreditation Council
for Agencies Serving the Blind and Visually Handicapped (NAC).
Here is her most recent report. 

     And what do we hear from NAC these days? Well, NAC began in
1993 with eighty accredited agencies in the U.S. Eight agencies
left; and two joined, leaving NAC with seventy-four at the end of
the year. One wonders what on earth those two joiners were
thinking of, wasting their funds by associating with a dying
accrediter.
     NAC's lack of finances continues to affect its operations.
Some of the time telephone callers now reach NAC's answering
machine. Apparently there is insufficient cash to staff the
office full-time.
     Then there is the extension game. NAC clearly has
insufficient funds and staff to handle routine accreditations. In
addition, more and more agencies are hesitating to begin the
lengthy and expensive re-accreditation process with NAC. Why pay
for something that may not exist in a year or two? Of course, for
those who are interested, NAC offers accreditation on the cheap--
an on-site team from your own area to keep travel and lodging
costs down. In other words, your local pals can accredit you. And
even when the team comes from further afield, you can count on
having it drawn from the ever-shrinking club of NAC supporters.
For example, AER President Michael Bina told the 1993 Convention
of the National Federation of the Blind that the Indiana School
was accredited with an on-site team consisting of a fellow NAC-
accredited school superintendent from Arkansas and NAC's paid
staff director from New York. Well, you get what you pay for, and
it is convenient to be able to pay for such a small accreditation
team which is obviously predisposed to accredit.
     But back to the extension game. In 1993 fourteen agencies
whose accreditation was scheduled to expire in that year saw
their expiration dates extended into 1994. Some of these may have
been requested by the agency; some may have been the agency's
polite way of putting off the decision to reaccredit; some
undoubtedly arose when the agency declined re-accreditation and
NAC awarded an extension anyway, while it tried to find a way of
re-enlisting the agency. Of the fourteen whose terms were
extended, one has now dropped accreditation anyway, and others
are sure to follow.
     Twenty-six of the seventy-four accredited agencies, or
thirty-five percent of all accreditees, have accreditation terms
now expiring in 1994. How many of these will still be associated
with NAC in another year? And, while we're on the subject, will
there be a NAC with which to associate?
     Here are the names of the eight agencies that dropped
accreditation in 1993:

     California
          Lions Blind Center, Oakland
     Georgia
          Georgia Industries for the Blind, Bainbridge
     Mississippi
          School for the Blind
          Division of Vocational Rehabilitation for the Blind
     New York
          Northeastern Association of the Blind at Albany
          Jewish Guild for the Blind, New York
     Texas
          School for the Blind, Austin
     Washington
          Community Services for the Blind and Partially Sighted,
          Seattle

     The two misguided agencies that joined NAC for the first
time in 1993 are:

     Center for the Visually Impaired, Daytona Beach, Florida
     Greater Pittsburgh Guild for the Blind

     Here is a list, using common names, of the agencies whose
accreditation is scheduled to expire in 1994. The list is
arranged by state, and those thirteen agencies on extensions from
1993 are marked with an asterisk:

     Arizona
          *Foundation for Blind Children, 12/94
     Arkansas
          Lions World Services, 12/94
     California
          *Santa Monica Center for the Blind, 12/94
     Florida
          *Independence for the Blind, 6/94
          VR Agency, 12/94
          Ft. Lauderdale Lighthouse, 12/94
     Georgia
          *Savannah Association for the Blind, 12/94
          Blind and Low Vision Services of North Georgia, 12/94
     Illinois
          Philip Rock School, 6/94
          *VR Agency, 12/94
     Michigan
          Grand Rapids Center, 6/94
     Minnesota
          *Duluth Lighthouse, 6/94
     New Jersey
          *St Joseph's School, 6/94
     New Mexico
          School for the Blind, 12/94
     New York
          *Guiding Eyes for the Blind, 6/94
          Bronx School
     Ohio
          *Toledo Sight Center, 6/94
          Columbus Vision Center, 6/94
     Oklahoma
          *Oklahoma League for the Blind, 6/94
          *VR Agency, 6/94
     Pennsylvania
          York County Association, 6/94
          Feinbloom Center, 12/94
     Puerto Rico
          School for the Blind, 12/94
     South Dakota
          School for the Blind, 12/94
     Wisconsin
          *Industries, 6/94
          *School for the Blind, 6/94


[PHOTO--David Andrews seated at a table microphone, using a computer keyboard.
CAPTION--David Andrews.

[PHOTO--Man with headphones sits in a sound booth reading the business section
of a newspaper. CAPTION: Glenn McConnell is one of the many volunteers who
spend time reading newspapers to the blind at NEWSLINE for the Blind,
headquartered in Sacramento and operated by the National Federation of the
Blind of California.]

           READING THE NEWS: PAST, PRESENT, AND FUTURE
                        by David Andrews

     From the Editor: One of the small frustrations most blind
people live with is their inability to glance through a newspaper
at will, reading a story here and skimming through a feature
there. For most of us this limitation is nothing more than an
annoyance, but we would be pleased to have an easy way to gather
the information our sighted colleagues in the office or civic
organization take for granted in their conversation. 
     The technology revolution is beginning to alter this
situation for many blind Americans, and it is clear that we are
only at the start of the changes. They are exciting and a little
unnerving. David Andrews, Director of the International Braille
and Technology Center for the Blind, knows more than most of us
about the technology that will soon bring us all the daily news
in accessible formats. In the following article he summarizes the
past and present in news delivery to the blind and looks into the
future of this exciting new technology. This is what he has to
say: 

     In a January 16, 1787, letter to Colonel Edward Carrington,
Thomas Jefferson said, "The basis of our government being the
opinion of the people, the very first object should be to keep
that right; and were it left to me to decide whether we should
have a government without newspapers, or newspapers without a
government, I should not hesitate a moment to prefer the latter."
Most of us have heard part, if not all, of this quotation before.
It shows how important the existence of newspapers was to Thomas
Jefferson. If we who are blind are to take our place in society
as equals, as we in the National Federation of the Blind know
that we can and will, we must have access to the information and
ideas presented in newspapers. Without access to current in-depth
information, information which is necessary to formulate opinions
and participate in community life, we are likely to be observers
of our society rather than participants. This article explores
the ways in which blind people have read newspapers in the past
and present and speculates about how we are likely to do so in
the future.
     Traditionally, if blind and visually impaired people wanted
to read a newspaper, they had to have a sighted person read it to
them. This could be a friend, family member, employee, or other
paid or volunteer reader. In one sense this system is ideal
because it gives the blind person maximum control over the
procedure. However, it has two major drawbacks. First, a human
reader may not always be available or willing. Second, most blind
people are unable to find as many volunteer or paid readers as it
would take to read a daily newspaper regularly. This is why
technology-based solutions are so attractive and have received
such attention lately.
     In the past twenty-five years a variety of technology-based
methods for reading the printed word have been developed. While
none of these has been a complete solution, they have all
increased the options available to blind and visually impaired
persons.
     There have been a number of attempts to produce personal
reading machines for blind people, such as the Optacon and the
Stereotoner. Developed in the early 1970's, the Optacon from
TeleSensory, Inc. of Mountain View, California, does allow some
people to read the newspaper and other printed material. It has a
small camera--about the size of a package of chewing gum--which
is manually passed across a printed page a line at a time. The
camera picks up the images of the letters and transfers them to
the main unit about the size of a desktop cassette recorder. A
set of small pins vibrates, reproducing the actual shapes of the
images on the print page. The pins are felt with the flat surface
of the index finger. The Optacon is still produced and is used by
a few persons but certainly is not a practical or widely used
solution. The device is expensive ($3,695), somewhat fragile, and
quite difficult to use. It requires a lot of training and
practice, and few people have been able to achieve a reasonable
reading speed with it. The average Optacon user probably reads
twenty to thirty words a minute,and a very few say they can read
at eighty to a hundred words per minute. While the latter speed
is a noteworthy achievement for an Optacon user, it isn't
sufficient for long-term, regular reading. TeleSensory attempted
to add speech output to the Optacon in the early 1980's, but
these efforts were unsuccessful. 
     Another attempt at a reading machine was the Stereotoner.
This was a device that transformed the images of print letters
into musical tones. While an interesting idea, the machine proved
to be very difficult for most people to use. One user told me
that "You could kind of read with it."
     Late in the 1970's the first so-called reading machine came
on the market. It was developed by Dr. Raymond Kurzweil of
Kurzweil Computer Products, which is now a division of Xerox
Imaging Systems. Kurzweil's machine, which cost over $50,000 at
the time, was large and didn't work very well. Incidentally, it
was developed in part with the financial assistance and advice of
the National Federation of the blind. To this day Kurzweil
credits the NFB with providing the consumer input necessary to
design the machine's keypad, a modified version of which is still
in use.
     Twenty-five years later, reading machines are much smaller
and more reliable. They read a wide variety of printed material
and cost from $5,000 to $6,000. PC-based reading systems are even
less expensive. (See The Braille Monitor, August, 1993, for a
complete review of stand-alone reading machines.) While these
machines are used by a number of blind people and are also
available in some colleges and universities, as well as in public
libraries and libraries for the blind, they are still not
satisfactory for reading newspapers for two reasons. First, the
poor print quality of most newspapers presents difficulties.
Second, with the prevalence of continued articles, it can be
difficult, if not impossible, to follow a story.
     There have been a few attempts around the country to record
newspapers or portions thereof onto cassette tapes and to send
them to blind people. I was able to use such a service in high
school in northern New Jersey. I also understand that such
services are quite common in Great Britain and Australia.
However, this method is labor-intensive and not very timely for
daily papers.
     I have also heard of at least two Braille daily newspapers,
one in Hong Kong and one in France. Both are produced from files
obtained directly from the publisher. These Braille editions
provide only some of the news stories and none of the
advertising, classifieds, or other material carried by the print
versions. While this is an interesting possibility, it is
unrealistic to expect a mass-produced Braille daily newspaper in
the foreseeable future. Logistical difficulties and expense make
it impossible. As Braille embossing technology and refreshable
Braille displays become more available and drop in price, we will
see more individuals using them in conjunction with on-line
services to produce personal Braille copies of newspapers. It
would, for example, be quite feasible to download news articles
from CompuServe or another on-line service, transfer them into a
laptop computer with refreshable Braille display, and read them
in Braille while commuting to work. 
     Because of the difficulty with recording, Brailling, and
personal or machine reading, different methods of reading
newspapers to blind and visually impaired people have been
developed and pursued. The first and still most common uses a
closed-circuit radio frequency or sub-carrier signal of an
existing FM radio station to broadcast to blind listeners. This
service is most often called a radio reading service. Each FM
station has a sub-carrier signal--a portion of its signal that
isn't normally used. Blind people are loaned special pre-tuned
receivers which pick up only that station's sub-carrier signal or
Subsidiary Communications Authorization (SCA). This ensures that
the general public won't hear the broadcast, which guarantees the
copyright protection of the newspapers being read. Community-
minded volunteers usually do most of the reading on these sub-
carrier services. In addition to SCA's, some reading services use
open channel broadcasting, cable, or television Separate Audio
Programming (SAP) frequencies to distribute their programming. 
     The first Radio Reading Service went on the air in
Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota, on January 1, 1969. Very shortly
thereafter, the second one, which was established and run by the
Iowa Commission for the Blind, began broadcasting using an open
channel. According to the 1993 directory of the National
Association of Radio Reading Services, there are now 124 such
services around the country.
     The most recent method for conveying newspapers to blind
people involves the use of a touch tone telephone. The blind
person uses the telephone to call a service by which he or she
can listen to a daily newspaper. The tones on the touch tone
phone are used to choose the newspaper (if there is more than one
available), pick the section of the paper to be read, listen to
or skip the current story, speed up or slow down the reading,
etc. By using the push buttons on the telephone, the listener has
complete control over what is read and when. This type of service
has variously been called a "Newspaper for the Blind," "Talking
Newspaper," "Dial-Up" or "Dial-In" newspaper, or "NEWSLINE for
the Blind" or "NEWSLINE." NEWSLINE for the Blind is a registered
trademark of the National Federation of the Blind.
     The NEWSLINE concept was pioneered by James Doherty of
Flint, Michigan, with his Newspapers for the Blind or Talking
Newspaper early in 1987. There are now six NEWSLINE services in
the United States and two overseas. They serve the following
areas: Flint/Detroit, Michigan; Minneapolis/St. Paul, Minnesota;
New Mexico; Washington, D.C.; California; and northern New
Jersey. Overseas they are located in Switzerland and Melbourne,
Australia. In addition, a service is expected in the relatively
near future in Lawrence, Kansas. The New Mexico and California
operations are the only services to offer statewide toll-free
service. They are also the two services that have had close and
continuous NFB involvement from the beginning. The New Mexico
service, which I helped establish and managed during its
formative years, is run by the New Mexico Commission for the
Blind, directed by NFB Board of Directors member Fred Schroeder.
The California service, which is the largest in the country, is a
program of the NFB of California and directed by NFB Board member
Sharon Gold.
     As mentioned above, there are currently six NEWSLINE
services on-line in the United States, with a seventh likely some
time in early or mid-1994. The first one was Newspapers for the
Blind in Flint, Michigan. It went on-line in early 1987 and
currently has about 1000 users. The system reads one paper each
in Detroit, Flint, and Kalamazoo and offers local access in a
number of other Michigan towns. In addition, it records six
magazines, including Time, People, Sports Illustrated, McCalls,
Prevention, and Accent. The service, which must raise all its own
money, has struggled financially; and monetary restrictions have
placed some limitations on the services offered. 
     The next service to go on-line was Dial-In News and
Information in Minneapolis-St. Paul, Minnesota. It went on-line
in March of 1990. This is the only NEWSLINE service to charge a
monthly subscription fee, $6.00 per month. The service currently
has 200 users. Dick Davis, Director of Minnesota State Services
for the Blind, says that this low number is due in large part to
the fact that his agency has not tried to market the service.
According to Davis, the state agency is now in the process of
adding part-time staff assistance and mounting a marketing
campaign. By contrast, the state agency also runs a traditional
radio reading service, the first in the U.S. Davis says that they
have over 15,000 listeners statewide with approximately half in
the Twin Cities area.
     In June of 1990 NEWSLINE for the Blind was put on-line by
the New Mexico Commission for the Blind. The service is located
in Albuquerque and currently has approximately 1000 users. It
offers toll-free service to other parts of New Mexico, and
approximately one third of its users are from outside
Albuquerque. 
     Other services include those run by the Washington Ear, a
radio reading service in the Washington, D.C. area; NEWSLINE for
the Blind, run by the National Federation of the Blind of
California; and EIES of New Jersey, a radio reading service
located in South Orange, a town outside of Newark, in northern
New Jersey. The Washington NEWSLINE has approximately 800 users.
By contrast, its parent radio reading service has over 2,000
listeners. The California NEWSLINE has approximately 2,000 users
as of early 1994. It offers toll-free service at night and on
weekends, and most users access the service in this way. Finally
EIES of New Jersey, an SCA radio reading service, has just
started a NEWSLINE system called TeleReader. The service is only
a few weeks old at the time of this writing and not fully
operational, so user numbers are still small.
     The University of Kansas Audio-Reader Network, a state-run,
statewide radio reading service network, has received a grant
from Lions International to establish a NEWSLINE in Kansas. The
grant pays for fifty percent of the costs, and Audio-Reader had
to raise the other fifty percent, which it has done. As of late
January, 1994, it is raising additional funds to pay for toll-
free telephone lines. It expects to go on-line some time in 1994.
     A number of newspapers themselves have embarked on audio
projects. This kind of service from a newspaper is generally
called Audiotext. These services have for the most part offered
stock quotes and business information, sports and weather, soap
opera summaries, and perhaps a little news. Commercials may also
be embedded in the messages. Stock quotes seem to be the most
popular offering on Audiotext services.
     While there may be some useful information on Audiotext
services for blind people, they have not proved to be a
substitute for NEWSLINE or other programs specifically designed
for blind people. Though very useful for some purposes, Audiotext
has proved glitzy and shallow, not in-depth. While it would be
nice to get our information directly from the newspaper itself,
this does not seem likely in the foreseeable future.
     Both radio reading services and NEWSLINE services have their
advantages and disadvantages. Radio reading services offer a
method for conveying relatively large amounts of information to a
large audience. By using volunteers, they save some money and are
easy to use. The listener has only to turn on the receiver. They
offer companionship to people, particularly the elderly, who
generally have lots of time and stable schedules.
     On the negative side, costs per listener are relatively
high. Staff, studios, and special pre-tuned closed-circuit radio
receivers must all be paid for. In some instances air time must
also be purchased. In particular, receiver costs are a real
problem for many services. These units are currently selling in
the $100 range, and no change is likely because of the low
numbers involved. According to recent information obtained from
the Illinois State Library, the current per-listener cost in that
state is $41 per year. These figures are typical of those in
other parts of the country.
     Another major disadvantage is that radio reading services
operate on a fixed schedule, and the individual listener has no
control over what is read or when. If reading service X reads the
Chicago Tribune at 8:00 a.m. and you can't listen at that time,
there is little you can do. While it is possible to set up a tape
recorder on a timer, realistically few listeners do so. Listeners
are also unable to control the pace or speed of the reading,
cannot archive or store materials easily, and cannot skim or
control the reading in any other way. Further, SCA signal and
audio quality are often poor, and reception problems plague many
listeners, particularly those living in outlying areas. SCA
reception can also be a problem for people living in large cities
because of interference from buildings and other obstacles.
     The main advantage of a NEWSLINE service is that it gives
the user complete control over what he or she reads and when.
Anything on the system can be read whenever the listener chooses.
It is also easy for a user to scan a newspaper, skipping from
story to story and from section to section, reading what catches
his or her interest, in the same way a sighted person reads the
paper. This is impossible with radio reading services. The
NEWSLINE service director also knows exactly what is being read
and what is not. This information is useful in fine-tuning the
service and is tangible information which can be used to
demonstrate the value of the program. Conversely, if people
aren't using the service, that will be known too. In general the
per listener cost for NEWSLINE services seems to be lower than
that for closed-circuit, radio reading services. Further, the
initial investment isn't as great because studios can be smaller
or nonexistent. Moreover, receivers do not have to be purchased.
It is also possible to run a top-quality NEWSLINE service with a
smaller staff than a comparable radio reading service would
require. 
     On the negative side, NEWSLINE services tie listeners to
their telephones, although a speaker phone reduces the
inconvenience of having to hold the handset. It will not,
however, reduce the need for using the instrument and telephone
line for reading. It is difficult to move around or do other
things while reading. It is also necessary to have a touch tone
telephone. Like radio reading services, NEWSLINEs also use
volunteer readers and are fairly labor-intensive. Finally, some
seniors may not wish to use a NEWSLINE-type service because of
the active initiation and participation involved. 
     It is difficult to predict what the future holds, although
some speculation is in order. Newspapers are increasingly coming
to regard themselves, not as disseminaters of information printed
on paper, but as organizations that collect and package news in a
variety of formats, including electronic publishing. Currently
dozens of newspapers are available through on-line services like
CompuServe, Dialog, and the Dow Jones News/Retrieval Service.
CompuServe, for one, has the texts of over fifty-five newspapers
available on-line. In general, though, these publications are
expensive to access and do not allow for on-line browsing. They
are primarily intended for searching and are laid out as
databases. They are mostly used by corporations, professional
researchers, and well-heeled news junkies.
     As newspapers become more committed to electronic
publishing, it is difficult to predict or measure the impact this
trend will have on blind people. A number of newspapers are
increasingly offering their information through on-line services.
However, the tendency is to use graphically based services such
as Prodigy or America On-Line--services that are not accessible
to blind persons. 
     The National Federation of the Blind is currently
negotiating with two newspapers, one local and one national, to
offer some kind of dial-up, computer-accessible newspaper. The
dial-up version would employ speech synthesis, not human readers
as previous NEWSLINE services have done. If this project goes
forward, we will conduct a pilot project to demonstrate the
feasibility of providing a dial-up newspaper using speech
synthesis as well as a computer-accessible paper, one that is
downloadable to and readable on a blind person's computer. The
project will allow us to develop all necessary software for
processing and presenting a data feed from a newspaper to blind
people in a usable format. It will also gather information on
whether people prefer listening to synthesized speech or human
readers over the telephone on a regular basis. Such a system
would offer large savings of time and human effort in presenting
a complete newspaper. With such a system everything could be done
quickly and efficiently. We estimate that a complete newspaper
could be on-line within two hours of receiving the raw data feed
from the newspaper.
     There are a number of projects in Sweden, England, Germany,
and the Netherlands designed to give blind people access to
newspapers by computer. The oldest of these is in Sweden, where
the text of a newspaper is automatically transmitted to the end-
user's computer in the middle of the night through an FM sub-
carrier signal. The user can read the paper in the morning, using
the special software provided by the service. At this point such
services are still relatively small and expensive but warrant
watching.
     In ten to twenty-five years I believe most people will get
their newspapers, books, and periodicals electronically. This
could be by computer from an on-line service, such as CompuServe,
from a network like Internet, or from some derivative of the so-
called information superhighway. It could also be from a service
provided by your telephone company, cable company, or newspaper.
We are seeing computers, CD-ROM, television, radio, electronic
games, and other forms of entertainment and video come closer and
closer to each other. It is likely that they will all meet in
some sort of information/entertainment appliance. As long as the
National Federation of the Blind is diligent in ensuring that
blind people have access to new hardware and software as they are
developed, we have much to gain from the electronic age. Further,
the passage of the Americans with Disabilities Act, the growing
public awareness of the needs of disabled people, and the
increased availability of information in digital format should
ensure our access to information in the future--if, as I say, we
are diligent.
     Another possible scenario for information access involves
the use of a small, portable information reader. This could be a
device, about the size of a book, which displays information on a
small screen. The information could be a book, which is read from
some sort of memory chip, or it could be current information such
as a newspaper which is available through some sort of
broadcasting mechanism or by plugging the device into a phone
line, cable system, or other network. The danger with this kind
of device is that it will be a closed system, one that doesn't
give us a means of inserting access hardware or software such as
a speech synthesizer or Braille display.
     It is likely that the way in which blind people access
information will change in the near and long-term future. More
and more people will get reading machines and PC-based scanning
systems, and these products will continue to improve, although I
am not sure that they will ever be used extensively for reading
newspapers. There will still be a role for human readers because
of the degree of control this method allows. The National Library
Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped is currently
doing research on the talking book machine of the future. This
device will almost certainly employ some sort of digital medium,
such as a CD-ROM disk. Whether or not it will also be used to
access commercially available data, only time will tell. Further,
more and more blind and visually impaired people are using
computers regularly and will explore computer-based methods for
obtaining news. Recording for the Blind reports that
approximately two thirds of its patrons have and use computers.
Further, the impact of the much ballyhooed information
superhighway is unknown at this time, but there will be an
impact. It is likely that the quantity of digital access as well
as its availability will increase. This can only promise much for
blind people. Nevertheless, we in the National Federation of the
Blind must remain diligent to ensure that blind people have full
access to future information retrieval technologies, whether they
be hardware- or software-based.
     Much effort has gone into developing the current radio
reading service systems. On paper at least, such services are a
good idea, but the reality is somewhat less positive. While these
services will deny it, most past studies have indicated that they
have few regular listeners. Most of the success stories are
anecdotal in nature. While it is difficult to contemplate the
shutdown of existing services, it is increasingly difficult to
defend programs that are disproportionately expensive, reach few
people, and offer little impact and user control. Technology is
changing, and once users have seen the power of user control (the
ability to read what you want when you wish) there will be no
going back. On the other hand, it is unlikely that the current
NEWSLINE services will be a permanent solution for blind people
either. Presumably, as newspapers, books, magazines, and other
information become available and widely distributed in digital
form, the need for dial-up services intended specifically for
blind people will be obviated.
     I believe that in the interim a hybrid NEWSLINE service may
be developed. It could use a combination of human readers and
synthesized speech to present an entire newspaper. 
     At this time there may be no ideal way to deliver newspapers
in their entirety to blind people. Times, technology, and
expectations are changing. Technology will play an increasing
role in the years to come. With the development of the
information superhighway and the increased availability of
newspapers, books, periodicals, and other information, it will
become easier for us as blind people to stay informed about the
world around us. We must be willing and able to experiment with
and use the new technologies and services as they become
available. We live in truly exciting times! 


[PHOTO--Portrait. CAPTION--Sharon Gold.]

               SOME STRAIGHT TALK ABOUT BLINDNESS:
        REMARKS DELIVERED TO A GROUP OF CALIFORNIA NURSES
                         by Sharon Gold

     From the Editor: Recently Sharon Gold, President of the
National Federation of the Blind of California and a member of
the NFB Board of Directors, was asked to speak at three
continuing-education classes for Southern California nurses
wishing to renew their state nursing licenses. She was asked to
address two topics: growing up as a blind child and blindness and
the responsibilities of the medical profession. This is what she
had to say: 

     Love is a four-letter word with a big meaning. If each of us
in this room shared our thoughts right now about love, we would
probably all say something about the great need for more love in
the world. Indeed we would do well to nurture the growth of love
among us. However, while we all need to increase our sensitivity
or love for one another, it is important to recognize that we can
be cruel to one another even in our loving. Yes, to speak
directly to the point of our discussion today, love can be a form
of child abuse, giving rise to the need to defend the child.
     My parents were devastated when they learned that their
first-born child was blind. Neither my mother nor my father knew
a blind person, But what was even more devastating than the
blindness was the way the doctors handled the situation. They
were kind men who didn't wish to upset my parents by telling them
their baby couldn't see. You may be thinking that perhaps the
doctors did not know that I was blind; and, of course, you may be
right. However, my eyes were cloudy because I had congenital
cataracts. My mother noticed the cloudiness immediately and
inquired about it. The doctors said that they would put drops in
my eyes, and the cloudiness would go away. In those days mother
and child stayed in the hospital for several days, and each day
the doctors put drops in my eyes and tried to avoid discussing my
ophthalmological condition with my mother.
     As I have already said, these doctors were kind and loving
men. They meant only good for my parents, and they certainly
meant no harm to this new-born baby. But however shocking and
cruel it may have seemed to the doctors, it would have been more
loving and kind to have openly discussed the actual condition of
my eyes and my blindness with my parents.
     You are all probably observing my gray hair and are thinking
that this happened a long time ago and that surely it would not
happen today. You are right about the long-time-ago part. This
event took place fifty years ago, and I wish it were different
today. Sometimes it is. However, there is still real reluctance
to discuss blindness when it strikes a family. The tendency is
still to bypass the subject or to minimize the situation.
     My mother concluded that it would do little good to cry over
the fact that I was blind. She decided the sooner she and Daddy
began to deal with the situation, the better it would be for all
of us. Therefore, my parents made a conscious decision to raise
me as they would have any other child. Children need to be
encouraged, have their behavior molded, and be disciplined. I was
no different.
     But disciplining a blind child can often be a problem if
there are visitors in the house or if the family is away from
home and in the company of others. Sending a child to his or her
room until the identified bad behavior is over may be acceptable
discipline for a naughty sighted child, but it may strike
visitors differently when the child being punished is blind.
Indeed, any disciplinary measures at all may raise severe
criticism from third parties. 
     One evening, when I was very young, my parents had dinner
guests. It was their custom with me (and later with my sister) to
include me at the dinner table rather than feeding me beforehand
and excluding me from eating with the family and the guests.
Mother always set a beautiful table, and this evening was no
exception. I had my place setting, complete with a glass of milk.
However, I wanted something in the middle of the table. Instead
of asking for what I wanted, I took the child's shortcut.
Standing up on my chair, I leaned over the table to reach what I
wished to have. In the process I knocked over my milk, spilling
it all over the table and the floor. My mother picked me up with
one hand (as only a mother can do) and swatted me on the behind
with the other while firmly sitting me back down on the chair. As
she began cleaning up the mess, she noticed that the guests were
very quiet. It became evident that they were upset when they
voiced their intent to leave because my mother had punished me
for spilling my milk. They reasoned that, because I could not see
the milk, I should not have been punished for spilling it. Mother
explained that I had not spilled the milk because I had not seen
it but because I had been doing something I should not have done-
-standing on a chair and leaning over the table to get what I
should have asked to have passed. Mother told her guests that, if
I had been sitting properly at the table and had knocked over the
milk because I did not see it, nothing would have been said. The
milk would simply have been cleaned up.
     Many parents have difficulty raising their blind children
because of the attitudes of others. Peer pressure is powerful at
all ages, and it doesn't cease to exert that power at adulthood
or parenthood. Good parents demonstrate their love by teaching
their children self-discipline and by expecting and praising good
behavior. Withstanding the criticism of well-meaning friends and
relations can be very hard for parents, especially parents of
blind children. Yet, like sighted children, blind youngsters need
standards for self-discipline and good conduct, and bad behavior
should not be excused away by blindness.
     Through the National Organization of Parents of Blind
Children, a division of the National Federation of the Blind, and
its magazine Future Reflections, parents of blind children
receive support from each other. This network promotes the notion
that it is important to set standards for blind children similar
to those set for sighted ones. Through sharing ideas and
experiences, these parents hope to raise normal, well-mannered
children who will grow into successful blind adults.
     Through its library of Twin Visionþ Books, the American
Action Fund for Blind Children and Adults provides a great
service to parents of blind children as well as to blind parents
raising sighted children. Twin Vision books are children's story
books which have been disassembled, interleaved with Braille
transcriptions of the printed text, and reassembled into a book.
The facing page to each print page contains the Braille text.
Parents of blind children can subscribe to this library service
and read the Twin Vision books to their preschool children who
can then touch the Braille while the parent reads. School-aged
blind children can read along with the parent. The Twin Vision
books are also wonderful for blind parents who can read the
Braille to their sighted children while they follow along,
looking at the pictures and reading the print text.
     Today we are very aware of child abuse. Doctors, nurses, and
teachers look for the physical signs and report such symptoms to
the authorities. It is customary to look for bruises or other
signs of physical abuse, but there are other kinds of child
abuse, as well, and we are coming to recognize forms that do not
come from a physical beating. The mother who was still feeding
her blind child baby food when he was ten years old was abusing
him as surely as if she had beaten him. He was thin and
underdeveloped. His facial muscles were atrophied. Her excuse for
feeding him baby food was that, since the child was blind, he
could not learn to chew. This parent thought that she was
providing tender, loving care to her son when in fact this was a
blatant form of child abuse.
     Similarly, parents who require fewer household chores from
their blind children than from their other youngsters are also
abusing the child. These lowered expectations damage the blind
child's relationship with siblings and diminish his or her self-
esteem. Further the child's development is delayed because he or
she does not learn tasks that are age-appropriate--picking up her
toys or clothes, making his bed, setting and clearing the table,
helping to wash the dishes, carrying out the garbage, helping
with the laundry, caring for the family pet, and assisting with
the countless other chores that a well-adjusted child learns to
do growing up. 
     Verbal abuse is another type of mistreatment that can be as
debilitating to a child as a physical beating. Reminding a child
of his or her shortcomings often increases the tendency to make
mistakes, eliciting further parental criticism. Constant exposure
to the preconceived and inaccurate notions of others about his or
her perceived limitations can be very harmful to a blind child's
appropriate psychological development. We all thrive on
encouragement, and discouragement stunts our growth.
     All children have dreams. Some are realistic and some are
pure fantasy. Almost every child has dreamed of being a fireman
or nurse or doctor. Scurrying about the floor, racing to an
imaginary fire, gathering up the hooks and ladders, and putting
out a raging fire are all part of a child's play, and that play
translates into growth and development. Similarly, children play
nurse or doctor and cure the worst ailments with the magic
resident in the doctor or nurse's kit. This type of play is
expected of sighted children, but as soon as the blind child
starts down the hallway with a toy fire truck, some adult is
likely to squash the fantasy by the not very subtle reminder
that, since he or she is blind, putting out fires would be an
impossibility.
      By the way, I am not at all certain that helping to put out
fires is an impossibility for a blind person. Certainly there are
blind doctors, nurses, pharmacists, and others in the medical
professions. Every time I decide that a blind person cannot do a
particular task or job, I soon learn that there is a blind person
somewhere performing that task and doing it as well as, or better
than, his or her sighted colleagues. The National Federation of
the Blind has taught us that with proper training and opportunity
we can compete on terms of equality with our sighted neighbors.
     Toys are a very important part of all children's growing and
developing. There is a tendency to think that blind children need
special toys. Although I am not suggesting that blindness should
never be considered when selecting toys, I am suggesting that
many perfectly fine toys are sometimes eliminated from the blind
child's collection because some adult has decided that, under the
circumstances, they are unsuitable. My mother thought that
choosing a toy was an important part of every child's education
and development. When I was still too small to reach the counter,
mother would put each toy in my hand for me to see so that I
could choose the one for us to buy. When I grew large enough to
reach the counter, I independently walked up and down the aisles
in the dime store and carefully inspected each toy so that I
could make my choice. 
     Many times children find their own toys. One day, when I was
about eighteen months old, I found a ladder that a painter had
left leaning against the side of the duplex in which we lived.
Being a curious child, I climbed straight up it. When my mother
discovered where I was, she was fearful that, if she called, she
would startle me. Ultimately she decided to take off her shoes
and socks so that she could quietly climb the ladder and carry me
down to safety without frightening me.
     Another day I found an open gate and rode my tricycle out of
the yard and into the big world. I was found blocks from home,
having a wonderful time exploring on my own. As you can see, my
childhood was not much different from that of other curious
children. Mother and Daddy never believed in "can't." Mother was
fond of saying that "I can't" never did anything, but "I'll try"
can do many things.
     Mud is always a fine and inexpensive toy. How many mud pies
do we all recall making as children and eating, too, for that
matter? When I was a child, all milk bottles were glass, and the
empty bottles lined the back steps waiting for the milkman. I
added to the fun of making mud pies by taking the bottles from
the step and carrying them to my outdoor kitchen. I thought it
great fun to fill one bottle with water and pour it from one
bottle to the next. However, when a neighbor happened to observe
this activity while visiting my mother one day, she admonished
mother for allowing me to play with the glass milk bottles.
Mother's response to her criticism was that, if I were to drop
one of the bottles and cut myself, I would heal. In the meantime
I was learning valuable lessons, including how to pour water from
one bottle to another without spilling it.
     In the early 1940's children were more likely to go out and
find their own toys. When we didn't have anything to do, we
climbed trees or walked along walls. There were no televisions or
electronic games. Today toy manufacturers look for ways to build
what they call educational toys that will take the place of the
coordination we developed from wall walking, tree climbing, and
the countless other things we found to do when we were children.
     Visual toys are also an important part of a blind child's
growing up. We live in a world in which most people see, and it
is important for blind children to learn that fact at an early
age. One time someone sent me a machine that showed pictures
which were in a roll inside the machine. There was a crank on the
top which, when turned, changed the picture. Since I could not
see the pictures, an adult described them to me. I made up a
story about each one and set about presenting picture shows to
the smaller neighborhood children. This was excellent stimulation
to my imagination, which needed little encouragement, and it also
taught me much about pictures. However, it also taught the
neighborhood children that blindness made no difference to the
quality of the picture show and the stories that went with it.
     The discussion this afternoon would not be complete if I did
not talk a little about being a blind adult. Opinion polls have
shown us that blindness is feared second only to cancer. The
average person equates blindness with inferiority and even
stupidity. At the office of the National Federation of the Blind
of California we spend much time talking to the adult sons and
daughters of older people about blindness. We emphasize that
Mother or Dad is the same person she or he was before becoming
blind. These people have the same need to do for their children
as they did before losing their sight. They are often eager to
pour coffee, cook dinner, and do the countless other little
things that show their love, and they are still perfectly capable
of doing them. We stress that these parents should be encouraged
to do for themselves and others. Even if you simply want to help,
jumping up and grabbing the coffee pot only makes the older
parent feel inadequate. Remember that the person without a reason
to get up in the morning has very likely lost the reason to live.
     As nurses and other medical professionals, you are a very
important part of your patients' lives. Your attitude toward
blindness and the blind person will help determine the quality of
the life your patient is able to create. If you accept and
promote a healthy parent-child relationship, your influence can
reinforce the attitude that it's okay to be blind and to expect
proficiency from a blind child. Similarly, you will make the
difference with grown children as they deal with the onset of
blindness in their elderly parents.
     Some of you deal directly with blind children and adults in
hospital settings. We need and desire the same respect other
patients receive and the flexibility and optimism that enable one
to get well. If physical therapy is in order, the blind patient
needs the full scope of physical therapy that the sighted patient
would receive. If walking the halls will help a patient progress,
then the blind patient needs to walk the halls too. You must set
aside the presumption that a blind person cannot be expected to
do such things. It will be helpful if you keep in mind the fact
that fear often arises from accepting false evidence that appears
to be real, and concluding that blindness necessarily prevents a
person from doing a given task is almost always false.
     I appreciate this invitation to speak to you today, and I
welcome the opportunity to discuss blindness. As professionals
and as individuals you are important to blind people. Thank you
for helping us teach the world that it is respectable to be
blind.


[PHOTO--Brian Johnson works with stereo equipment, and a young child stands
by. CAPTION--Brian Johnson, pictured here with a young helper, acts as disc
jockey at an NFB National Convention dance.]

                  THE REAL SCOOP ON RADIO WORK
                        by Brian Johnson

     From the Editor: The Job Opportunities for the Blind (JOB)
program is conducted by the National Federation of the Blind in
partnership with the United States Department of Labor. Each year
at our National Convention, there is an afternoon-long seminar
filled with straight talk about finding and keeping jobs. Mostly
the speakers are knowledgeable blind people who draw on their
personal experience to assist those who are still dreaming of an
interesting job at good pay. At the 1993 JOB seminar, Brian
Johnson, one of the leaders of the NFB of Illinois and an
experienced announcer in the Chicago radio market, told the
audience the real story of making a living in radio work. This is
what he said:

     "This way, sir," she said, as I walked to the main part of
the building, but she walked just far enough ahead of me so that
I couldn't take her arm. "Why is she doing this?" I thought. I
assumed every other agency for the blind in the country and, for
that matter, staff members of agencies, had the courtesy to
welcome me in the standard fashion I was used to. But there she
was and there she went; and, if I didn't keep up with her, I'd be
left in the dust.
     That was in 1978 after I had made the decision to leave the
radio station I had worked for as program director to pursue a
career as a rehabilitation counselor because at age twenty-three
I thought I could change the world for blind people in my state.
That, of course, was not to be the case. The more disturbing
knowledge that underlay my decision to leave radio was that I
knew I could not go from that radio station to a larger market
because I was blind. So I used a career in rehabilitation as a
cop-out. 
     In 1972 I started working at my college radio station and
moved on to the local station in town when it decided to offer an
exchange. We students would do radio shows at no charge for the
local station, WEIC, which was in financial trouble, in exchange
for course credit in communications from the university. The free
talent for the station materialized; The course credit never did.
So I suppose you could say that I have worked for a sheltered
workshop for DJ's. But I cannot stress enough how much fun I had
on the radio while I was in college. 
     That kind of high-level enjoyment is coming back now for me
as a voice-over. A voice-over concentrates on reading script and
commercial-narration copy. A DJ plays recordings on turntables,
tape machines, and compact disk players in a radio station and
does some announcing in between. 
     One time I entered a radio station's talent show, held at
Six Flags in St. Louis. The MC was none other than Wolf Man Jack.
He welcomed all of us to the show and wished us good luck. So I
stood up and yelled [imitating the Wolf Man's voice]: "Ah, bring
on the wolf man!" He looked around, wondering where his double
was. 
     Now to get to reality. Being in radio was a lot of fun. I
met girls in college who just liked hearing me on the air, so
we'd get something going for a while, anyway. Lots of people
cheered for us at public appearances, and the small town
newspapers wrote about me as the "wonderful blind radio
announcer." That was before I joined the National Federation of
the Blind and came to know better. 
     Now here is the money part. In 1977, after five years of
working at that station, I worked as program director for $500 a
month. The station owner bounced payroll checks, and we'd have to
go to the bar he frequented to get our money to pay rent. When I
was working as a rehabilitation counselor, I met a fellow named
Pete with whom I worked part-time doing radio shows. I was scared
down to my shoes when I heard him in Chicago on the country
station. But two years ago I got up the nerve to call him, and he
set me up with a contact he knew at a local TV station. That was
June of 1991, and I've been doing voice-over in the Chicago
market ever since.
     I have brought a demo tape and a copy of my latest
commercial to read for you. This sponsor was a furniture store
called Circle Furniture. I taped this commercial three or four
days ago. It has what we in the business call a laundry list--a
list of products or sale items. Remember, I'm supposed to do this
in thirty seconds or less. [Mr. Johnson then read the commercial
in a brisk, lively manner with one very small stumble.] 
     Did I make any mistakes? Yes I did, very good. I made one.
That would not have been a take. I would have had to do it over.
I was invited to the Chicago market because I was reliable and
responsible and would not damage my friend Pete's credibility.
Most important, I knew someone who had made it to the Chicago
market because I had paid my dues by working in a smaller market
first. 
     The demo tape I brought and am now sending around to ad
agencies and radio stations was put together in the studio of a
country station in Chicago by my friend Peter and me. Here is my
demo.

     [The tape that was then played included six very
     different spot announcements, several with music or
     other sound effects, and a brief message from him which
     included his telephone number.] 

     If you are of a mind to go into the business, here are some
rules-of-thumb that I've learned along the way: 
     1. Be confident in yourself as a blind person. The person at
the agency for the blind I mentioned at the beginning was not a
staff member but a student. At the former Iowa Commission for the
Blind students and staff were equals. When I was working for
rehab and wishing that I wasn't, there was a glimmer, a spark of
conviction in all that sea of fear in me that the best place to
find out what blind people can really do was the National
Federation of the Blind. I went to Iowa at my own expense because
I knew that they knew more about helping blind people than the
rehab officials I worked for did. During that trip I learned more
about real belief in blind people--in other words, in myself--
than I had ever experienced before in my life. So work on
improving your blindness skills: travel and Braille, including
slate and stylus--I was reading that commercial in Braille. You
have to go to radio and TV stations and ad agencies independently
the first time. You can do it.
     2. If you think you're marketable, get a tape recorder and
start reading ads on tape. Get them from magazines and newspapers
or copy them down from radio commercials. If you've really got
it, the sound and inflection of your voice will tell the tale.
     3. Don't be afraid to network. Call people whom you know in
the business, people who can give you good advice. That also
means staying in touch with Job Opportunities for the Blind and
the National Federation of the Blind. More and more blind people
are exploring radio as a career. This is not a job for the thin-
skinned. Be prepared to take criticism. Even if you think you
sound wonderful, don't be crushed if somebody says, "That's
terrible. Do it over and make me like that product. I don't know
how you're going to change it so I'll like it, but just do it."
Don't be intimidated. Also be ready and able to take direction.
While you're reading that spot or while you're on the control
board, the client or the producer or the station owner who may
know far less than you do is the boss.
     4. Do not quit your full-time job! [laughter and applause]
At this stage I'm not fully self-supporting as a voice-over. I
have jointly, and I do mean jointly, set up a rehab program with
my counselor for computer equipment and living and business
expenses.
      The point that should be repeatedly hammered home is this:
we as blind people ought to try doing what we want to do and
being what we want to be. The jobs that most state agencies want
us to do are usually not the jobs we dreamed about as children.
Here's the most important message I'm learning as I'm starting to
be a voice-over. We have the right to succeed or fail on our
merit, just like everybody else. We have the right to good rehab
services that will result in real jobs and not generic
rehabilitation that holds us down and keeps us on the Social
Security rolls. Don't let anyone take away your chance to try.
And I will say to anyone who cares to listen, I absolutely could
not do what I'm doing and be up here demonstrating it to you
without the National Federation of the Blind. I would like to
paraphrase what Dr. Jernigan and President Maurer have said and
we have affirmed at the end of our banquet speeches for decades:
my brothers and my sisters, the future is ours. Come join us on
the air waves, and we'll make it come true!


[PHOTO--Portrait. CAPTION--James Omvig.]

                  EMPOWERING THE BLIND STUDENT
                        by James H. Omvig

     From the Editor: For many years now Jim Omvig has been a
leader at every level of the National Federation of the Blind.
The following article is drawn from material prepared to assist
faculty members at the University of Arizona as they searched for
a professor to head the program to train teachers of blind and
visually impaired students.
     Jim Omvig graduated from a residential school for the blind
and attended college and law school using the skills and
techniques commonly used by trained blind people. After working
for several years in both Washington, D.C., and New York City as
an attorney with the federal government, he changed careers and
became professionally involved in work with the blind. He worked
for nine years in Des Moines, Iowa, as Director of the
Orientation and Adjustment Center of the Iowa Commission for the
Blind, which was directed at the time by Dr. Jernigan. For the
next six years he served in Baltimore, Maryland, as Director of
the Social Security Administration's program to create greater
employment opportunity for blind and disabled people. Finally, he
moved to Anchorage, Alaska to direct the Alaska Center for Blind
and Deaf Adults, where he worked for several years before
retiring to Tucson, Arizona, because of ill health. Mr. Omvig is
the recipient of numerous honors and awards and currently serves
in a volunteer capacity as national Treasurer of the American
Action Fund for Blind Children and Adults. Here is his article:

     The buzzword for the nineties in education, rehabilitation,
or even in certain parts of government itself is empowerment.
While this is a word which is used frequently even though its
meaning is vague and elusive, it is a good word and a valid
concept when it is understood properly.
     Empowerment: just what does it mean, particularly in the
context of providing a quality education for the blind student?
Although I have not seen it stated like this before, I believe
that the concept includes four elements--three which have a
direct impact on the blind or visually impaired student and a
fourth which has an indirect impact. Whatever empowerment means,
it is clear that both the public and the residential school have
the responsibility to provide it for their blind students and
that doing so is much more complex than empowering the sighted
student in the public school.
     I checked the dictionary for the meaning of empowerment, and
I wasn't totally satisfied with what I found. It says, "to give
power or authority to." This is all right as far as it goes, but
I believe that, as this word is used today, the meaning is much
broader and more comprehensive.
     I think that, for the students with whom we are concerned,
the full and accurate meaning would go something like this: "A
school may be said to empower the blind or visually impaired
student to the extent that he or she is equipped with the tools--
the knowledge, skills, motivation, and self-confidence--which are
necessary to enable him or her to take charge and to make sound
judgments and decisions based upon fact, skill, and ability so
that the student can be the best adult which he or she is capable
of becoming." This is quite a mouthful, but it works.
     The four essential ingredients involved in empowering the
blind or visually impaired student are as follows: 
     1. The school must provide the student with the same quality
and level of education he or she would have received as a sighted
student. In the past schools have often thought that less is all
right for blind students; or, even worse, they have mistakenly
believed that the blind were not capable of achieving what the
sighted could achieve. When expectations are lowered, it
necessarily follows that the educational outcome will be less
than good enough. Empowerment means that an equal education,
provided by the school, is a must.
     2. The school must teach the student the skills and
techniques necessary in order to function efficiently and
competitively as a blind or visually impaired person. These
include Braille reading and writing, travel with the long white
cane, use of adaptive technology, etc. Trying to do things in the
same ways as a fully sighted person when you are not fully
sighted simply does not work. Empowerment means that the school
must equip the student with those alternative skills and
techniques which are necessary for a blind or visually impaired
person to function competently and to be competitive in a
predominantly sighted world.
     3. The school must help the student adjust to his or her
blindness and to accept it. Students initially dealing with
blindness typically feel different, inadequate, frustrated. Such
students do not know that having a serious eye condition is
perfectly normal, and as a result they are bound to have an
extremely limited and inaccurate view of what is possible for
them in the future. Empowerment means that the school must help
these students develop feelings of adequacy and self-confidence
and must teach them that it is perfectly okay to be blind and
that they can have a satisfying and fulfilling future.
     4. Finally, the school must help the student (indirectly) by
helping the parent. Again, until something or someone intervenes,
parents are almost certain to have the same negative feelings and
ideas about blindness as their children, and this negativity rubs
off. They are understandably disappointed, frightened, angry, and
concerned about the future. They do not know that it is possible
for their youngsters to have a normal, meaningful, successful,
and happy life. Empowerment means that the school must help the
parent to become a positive and constructive influence in the
student's life--positiveness, too, rubs off.
     As one who has been blind for a long time and who has more
than thirty years of experience in work with the blind, I can
vouch for the fact that each of these four ingredients is
essential if a truly quality education is to be provided. The
school certainly does have the responsibility to empower the
blind or visually impaired student, and the techniques for
accomplishing it are proven and well known.
     Remember that the first and most important step in the
process is to contact and work with experienced and qualified
blind adults who can serve, not only as role models for the
students and teachers, but also as valued advisors on what works
and what doesn't. We have experienced it all, both the bad and
the good, and our knowledge is essential to true empowerment.


[PHOTO/CAPTION--Tom Bickford (center) and his brother-in-law speak with a
blind man who lives in Shanghai.]

                BLINDNESS IN THE MIDDLE KINGDOM:
                    MY RETURN VISIT TO CHINA
                       by Thomas Bickford

     From the Editor: Travel anywhere in the United States or
around the world; and, when you come across a blind American
confidently swinging along and educating the public about
blindness at the same time, you have probably found a member of
the National Federation of the Blind. Recently Tom Bickford
(author of The Care and Feeding of the Long White Cane, a little
book now available for purchase from the NFB Materials Center,
and a long-time Federationist) visited China with members of his
family. Here is an article he wrote about the experience: 

     It was our last morning in China. We were leaving the Temple
of the Jade Buddhas in Shanghai when I heard a tapping on the
walk behind us. I asked my brother-in-law, with whom I was
walking, to look back and see what the source of the sound was.
He said that it was a blind man and wanted to know how I had
known to ask. I explained that I know how blind people tap even
if they don't use the same technique I do. We hurried over to the
tour bus and asked our local guide to act as interpreter.
     I introduced myself as a blind man from America. The Chinese
man, perhaps a little shorter and younger than I, gave me a firm
handshake and a big smile. He said he was just returning from
getting his bean peeler repaired. He opened a cardboard box
several inches long with something inside mounted in a plastic
housing. I never did discover the function of a bean peeler, but
it was important to my new friend. I asked about employment, and
he said he worked in a factory in another part of the city. I
told him I worked in Washington, D.C., making books for blind
people. We shook hands again very cordially, and he went on his
way, giving an occasional tap to the ground before him and the
wall beside him.
     The cane, whose tapping had originally attracted my
attention, was made of unpainted wood. It was only about waist
high--short by my standards. But we had not had time for lengthy
discussions, and he was making his own way in his own country.
Earlier in the trip I asked another one of our tour guides what
opportunities there were for blind people in China. She spoke of
special schools and job training. The only employment mentioned
was in massage work. I was left with an impression of segregated
training and limited opportunities. There seemed to be very
little, if any, expectation for blind people to take an ordinary
place in society along with their sighted peers.
     In 1966 I visited the School for the Blind in Leningrad. I
asked about employment for graduates of that school. Some
graduates did go on to higher education, but the two kinds of
employment mentioned were typists and, again, masseurs. This last
is honorable and socially worthwhile work, but it is no more
suited for all blind people than it is for all sighted ones.
     At another time in our China trip we visited a factory where
jade was cut into decorative figures. Our guide took care to
point out a married couple working there, both of whom were deaf.
I gathered that in China, like America, deafness was less of a
handicap in employment than blindness was.
     Because my parents were missionaries and my three sisters
and I were all born there, a family reunion trip to China seemed
to be just the thing, and 1993 was the year. There were sixteen
of us, all related by blood or marriage. We had a private tour
two weeks long, but two years in the planning. We visited seven
cities, the first four of which had special memories for us. We
saw places we had known as children and met people who had known
our parents.
     In Beijing, (say bay-jing, as in jingle) we went to Tien An
Men Square, (say tyen on mun) a truly large open area with
memorial buildings around the edge and posted lists (in several
languages) of the kinds of demonstrations not permitted without
prior approval. Not far away was the first McDonald's in China.
You would recognize the menu and the flavors. We toured the
Forbidden City and the Imperial Palace of the Manchu Dynasty,
prominently featured in the movie, The Last Emperor.
     On a day trip outside the city we stopped at the Ming tombs,
only a few hundred years old--not much by Chinese standards. Then
we climbed part of the Great Wall of China, and I do mean
climbed. That part of the wall zigzags through the hills, and the
steps along the top are from ancient times. Only the handrails
along the sides are modern additions. The wall was originally a
military defense with vertical stone sides ten meters high and
five meters across the top. The part we saw was in its original
condition. The "great" part comes from its length since it
wanders for thousands of kilometers across northern China.
     Wherever there are tourists, there are tourist traps. My
sister called them "Hello shops." "Hello, T-shirts?" I bought two
for my daughters that said, "I climbed the Great Wall of China."
A week later, while going up the Li River (say lee) on a tour
boat, there was a knocking at the window, and we heard it again.
"Hello, T-shirt?" This time the hopeful vendor was wearing high
rubber boots and paddling his bamboo raft.
     "Hello, special price for you." With all of these people you
can haggle for a price, but it is considered poor style to haggle
if you do not intend to buy.
     Some Chinese say they will eat anything that moves except a
car. Others say they will eat anything on four legs except the
table. I tell you that if they catch it, they don't worry about
the legs. I won't go into further detail because you may be
reading this just before dinner.
     Lunch and dinner each day were Chinese food. I improved my
skill with chopsticks and did not use the offered fork more than
once. Dinner one day was Peking Duck, banquet fare even in China,
and the duck was very fat. We had asked that one dinner be
jiaotzes (say jyow-zuz). We would call them boiled wonton. I
liked them the way our cook made them in my childhood home. But I
never before had the variety of fillings that was served to us on
this trip. I actually enjoyed some of them. Rice was always
served and soup usually. The rest of the food was cut small and
soaked in what I think was soy sauce and sesame oil, very strong.
I lost eight pounds which I am starting to gain back.
     My favorite foods were the snacks as remembered from
childhood. The honey malt taffy rolled in sesame seed was still
very good. The best was still tonghula (tong-hula, as in the
Hawaiian dance). The fruit is a haw from the hawthorn and looks
like a crabapple. They stab about ten haws on a bamboo stick and
dip it all in a sugar syrup to form a heavy glaze. The sharp tang
of the fruit and the sweet glaze make a wonderful balance.
     A blind traveler from the West needs to know about
doorsills. At main entrances to buildings that survive from
before the twentieth century there is often a high doorsill.
These barriers extend the full width of a wide double doorway.
They may be only a narrow board set on edge, but most of the
doorsills we found on this trip were heavy timbers, eight inches
or more high, and thick. The proper form is to go all the way
over in one step, not to step up onto then down off the doorsill.
The three reasons that I know for doorsills come from ancient
times. The first reason is practical--they keep some dirt out.
The second reason is sociological--they keep women with bound
feet in. The third reason is from demonology--demons have very
short legs.
     Having blown my international travel budget on the trip to
China, I won't be missing the 1994 Maryland convention because of
being out of the country again, and I plan to be in Detroit as
well. If you want to hear more about the trip, find me after
meetings, and I will tell you about my souvenirs or the
availability of Braille watches in China or why there is now a
copy of The Freedom Bell in the library of a high school in the
City of Tienjing (say tyen-jing, as in jingle).












                 ******************************
     If you or a friend would like to remember the National
Federation of the Blind in your will, you can do so by employing
the following language:
     "I give, devise, and bequeath unto National Federation of
the Blind, 1800 Johnson Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21230, a
District of Columbia nonprofit corporation, the sum of $_____ (or
"_____ percent of my net estate" or "The following stocks and
bonds: _____") to be used for its worthy purposes on behalf of
blind persons."
                 ******************************
[PHOTO--Main intersection in Greektown. CAPTION--Detroit's Greektown, location
of many fine restaurants.]

[PHOTO/CAPTION--Entrance to the Henry Ford Museum.]

             THE ROAR OF '94--WHAT TO DO IN DETROIT
                    by Sue and Don Drapinski

     From the Editor: By the time you read this article, the 1994
Convention of the National Federation of the Blind will probably
be less than ten weeks away. The June 5 deadline for tour
reservations will be just around the corner, and the time will
certainly be at hand for making transportation arrangements. If
you have not yet made your convention reservation at the Westin
Hotel, you must do so as soon as possible. Our block of rooms is
limited, and this is one convention you don't want to miss. Our
hotel rates (singles $38, doubles and twins $43, and quads $48,
plus tax) are extraordinary. There will be no charge for children
with parents if no extra bed is required. Make your reservations
by writing Westin Hotel, Renaissance Center, Detroit, Michigan
48243, Attention: Reservations; or call (313) 568-8000. Do not
use the Westin toll-free number because such reservations will
not be valid. The hotel will want a deposit of $45 or a credit
card number. If a credit card is used, the deposit will be
charged against your card immediately. Deposits for reservations
cancelled before June 20, 1994, will be entirely returned to you
by the hotel. Requests for refunds after this date will not be
honored. Here is what the Drapinskis have to say about things to
do in Detroit:

     We have been receiving increasing numbers of inquiries from
people with all sorts of questions. Is there anywhere to go while
I'm in Detroit? Are there any good places to eat near the hotel?
Are cabs the only way to get around, and are they expensive? With
this article we will try to give you specific answers to these
questions as well as provide details that you may find
interesting and informative about the Detroit area. What you
should know without a doubt when you finish reading this article
is that there are an infinite number of things to do and places
to go in Detroit. If you choose, you can fill every spare moment
with fun and excitement.
     It's difficult to determine what is most important to
people, but everyone seems to have at least a moderate interest
in eating. We believe that you will find a wider variety of food
establishments this year than at any recent convention. Within
the Renaissance Center itself there are over twenty restaurants--
-including fast food at McDonald's and Burger King; coffee,
cookie, and donut shops; sandwich stands; and ethnic fare at
Italian, Greek, Tex-Mex, and Chinese restaurants. In the Westin
Hotel is the Summit Steakhouse, which is a memorable experience
in fine dining--a bucket of all-you-can-eat peel-and-eat shrimp
is complimentary with each entree. But there is no need to stop
with the establishments in the Renaissance Center (referred to by
locals as the RenCen). The People Mover, an elevated train which
can be boarded within the RenCen, will take you to any of
thirteen stops along its route. The fare is fifty cents, and
within walking distance of the stops are such places as Lindell
AC Bar and Grill, famous for its collection of national sports
memorabilia and its claim to fame--the best ground round in town.
Cobo Hall and Joe Louis Arena, home of many concerts, specialty
shows, and sporting events, are along the People Mover route, as
well as the financial district, which is the place for
architecture enthusiasts to stop. The Guardian, Buhl, Ford, and
Penobscot buildings are each unique in design. Culinary delight
can also be found here at the London Chophouse and the
Pontchartrain Wine Cellars. Another stop is the Millender Center
(also accessible by skywalk from the RenCen) which is home to
more shops, including a pharmacy and 333 East Street Restaurant.
     For antique buffs the DuMouchelle Art Gallery is right next
door. A stop at the Bricktown Station puts you in the midst of
quaint pubs, jazz music, and more eateries. If you choose to
experience Greektown, you will find many restaurants, bakeries,
and pastry shops specializing in Greek cuisine. Greektown is also
the home to Fishbones, a Cajun seafood restaurant as well as
Trapper's Alley, which is an old fur and leather processing plant
transformed into a mini-shopping mall with, you guessed it, more
restaurants.
     In choosing Cadillac Center Station, you will find Henry the
Hatter, who has been fitting famous heads since before the turn
of the century, and a potpourri of fashion stores from designer
shoes to fine Italian sportswear. Other stations will put you
within walking distance of many more restaurants, art galleries,
and the theater district, including the Fox Theater, the Gem
Theater, and the Second City Comedy Club. Windsor, just across
the Detroit River, is accessible by both the Windsor Tunnel Bus
and the Ambassador Bridge. (Remember to bring proof of
citizenship with you: U.S. birth certificate, voter's ID, alien
registration card, or passport.) As you can see, fifty cents goes
a long way on the People Mover. For those interested in art, each
People Mover station houses a collection of public art. If you
choose, you can exit the People Mover at each station to view the
art; and, as long as you don't exit through the turnstile, you
pay only one fare.
     If exploring the town is not what you had in mind, the
following ideas provide a variety of things to do without ever
leaving the Renaissance Center. Do a little shopping to get
postcards and souvenirs for those at home, stop at the Post
Office to mail the cards, and swing past Federal Express to mail
the souvenirs. Now move on to Mrs. Field's for a bag of freshly
baked cookies, stop at Videoville to rent a movie, and return to
your room for a night in at the movies. For a little variety stop
at one of the many restaurants for dinner and then on to the
Renaissance Theaters to enjoy one of several first-run movies.
     Commuter Transportation Company, which has an office in the
lobby area of the Westin hotel, is the best choice for
transportation to and from Metro Airport. Reservations are not
necessary, and van transportation is available at each terminal
in the airport. One-way fare is $13; round-trip fare is $24.
However, if you are traveling in groups of 1 to 4, you can call
ahead and make a reservation for the Commuter Express. The cost
is $28 one way for up to four. The toll-free reservation number
is 1 (800) 488-7433. Another choice is Metro Car. Their charge is
$35 one way for up to four people. They require twenty-four hours
notice, and the toll-free number is 1 (800) 456-1701.
     For those people arriving early, the highlight of the
International Freedom Festival is the world's largest fireworks
display, which will occur on Wednesday evening, June 29.
Fireworks can be viewed from the hotel; or, if you are interested
in a spectacular evening, Detroit Upbeat, Inc., is offering on a
limited basis an evening under the stars. The price of $65 per
person includes a cruise on the Detroiter, a two-deck paddle
wheel boat; hors d'oeuvres; cash bar; dinner including bread,
salad, vegetable, potatoes, 5-ounce chicken breast, 5-ounce beef
tenderloin, pastry, and coffee or tea; musical entertainment for
listening and dancing; and popcorn during the fireworks. The tour
begins at 6:45 p.m. near Stroh's River Place and will return to
the same location at approximately 11:30 p.m. Space is very
limited; so, if you are interested, please call Detroit Upbeat at
(313) 341-6810 to make reservations. No refunds issued or
cancellations accepted for this tour.
     In the March Monitor article we mentioned the Henry Ford
Museum/Greenfield Village tour. Many of us who live in the area
take the Village and Museum for granted; however, it is an
experience of a lifetime that everyone should take the
opportunity to enjoy. Greenfield Village/Henry Ford Museum is a
ninety-three-acre collection of Americana. Some of the features
include Thomas Edison's Menlo Park Laboratory, the Wright
Brothers' home and bicycle shop, the car that President Kennedy
was riding in when he was assassinated, and the actual chair that
Abraham Lincoln sat in on that fateful evening at the Ford
Theater. The Suwanee steamboat takes you for a summertime cruise
around a picturesque lagoon. And, back to eating, the enchanting
Eagle Tavern, known for its early American fare, is a popular
spot.
     Hopefully, after reading this article, your new question is,
"How can I do it all?" instead of "Is there anything to do?" 

     And don't forget, door prizes should be sent to Don
Drapinski, NFB of Michigan, 111 W. Woodward Hts., Hazel Park,
Michigan 48030; or call (810) 546-6910.
                  1994 CONVENTION ATTRACTIONS

     From the Editor: Every year's National Convention is an
absolutely unique event. The agenda items, the exhibits, the new
friends and business acquaintances: all these give each
convention its own character and significance. Some activities
lend a luster to the convention in part because they do take
place every year and provide helpful fixed points in the whirl of
events. In this category are the meetings of the Resolutions
Committee and the Board of Directors, the annual banquet, and
many seminars and workshops of the various divisions and
committees. Here is a partial list of activities being planned by
a number of Federation groups during the 1994 Convention, July 1
through 7. Presidents of divisions and committee chairpeople have
provided the information. The pre-convention agenda will list the
locations of all events taking place before convention
registration on Saturday, July 2. The convention agenda will
contain listings of all events taking place after that time.


[PHOTO--2 women examine table top art displays. CAPTION--Federationists
examine artwork displayed at the 1993 blind artists' exhibit.]

                           Art Exhibit

     On Tuesday, July 5, from 2:00 to 9:00 p.m., the second
annual exhibit of work by blind artists will be held. Artists who
displayed their work last year will be back, and we expect some
new and interesting additions. If you enjoy art or think you
might if you had enough experience with it, put the exhibit on
your must list of things to do at the Convention.
     We welcome all artists to participate in the 1994 art
exhibit. The only requirement concerning your work is that it be
original. In addition, if you can't bring it yourself, you must
send it with someone who will act as your representative. That
person must spend at least part of his or her time at the
exhibit, setting up and showing your work and is the one who will
see that your work and any money owed you is returned to you
after the convention. You may sell your work or not, as you
choose. Remember that a fifteen percent commission on all works
sold goes to the NFB. 
     This year we would like to do a better job of labeling. If
possible, please label your work in both Braille and print or get
someone to help you. If you need help with one or the other type
of labeling, please send me, Janet Bixby, the information you
want on the labels and specify which type of labeling you need.
This information must be in my hands no later than June 1, and
the deadline for letting me know your display plans is June 15.
Tell me what type of art you do, approximately how many pieces
you hope to bring, and approximately how much space you will
need. The sooner I hear from people, the better it will be.
     We will make arrangements for you to ship your work in
advance if you wish. Details will be sent to you later. More
information about this exhibit will be forthcoming, so be on the
lookout for it. In the meantime, if you have questions or
comments, call Janet Bixby (703) 722-4712; or write me at 208 W.
Boscawen, Apartment 11, Winchester, Virginia 22601-4139.

                     Blind Educators to Meet

     The National Association of Blind Educators (NABE) will hold
its annual meeting Sunday, July 3, at 1:00 p.m. at the 1994
convention of the National Federation of the Blind. This year we
will focus on the blind educator in the public school systems of
the 1990's. What are our expectations for our careers, and what
should we expect from administrators, parents, and students?
     The public schools today are much different from what they
were some years ago when parents and students respected teachers
and administrators did what they were paid to do. Now in too many
schools the teacher is responsible for everything which occurs.
In short, the teacher has been expected to cure the ills of
society.
     Since teachers are paid to educate students in this new
environment, it is up to us in NABE to find our rightful place in
what has become a new profession. Blind educators with much
experience at all levels of education from preschool to the
university level will share experiences and techniques. We will
also discuss how to deal with many negative factors in the
educational work place. Good self-esteem is essential for long-
term psychological well-being. As blind educators we must learn
our rights as well as our responsibilities. The ADA may assist
us, but all the skills and techniques needed by the blind
educator are defined and explained at our meeting. 
     Be in Detroit July 1 to 8, to learn from and join a very
progressive group of blind educators.

               Blind Industrial Workers of America

     The Blind Industrial Workers of America (BIWA) plans to sell
split cash drawing tickets at the convention for $1 apiece. The
drawing will be held banquet night. Premo Foianini, BIWA
President, says you must be present to win.

                         Braille-A-Thon 

     For the past five years the National Federation of the Blind
of Louisiana has held a Braille-a-thon as a public-education and
fund-raising event at its state convention to promote Braille
literacy. This year the National Association to Promote the Use
of Braille (NAPUB) has decided to conduct a similar fund-raiser
at the National Convention with half the proceeds going to NAPUB
and half to the national treasury. 
     This is the way it works: Volunteer Braille readers will
pledge to read a set number of Braille pages (the number to be
chosen by them) sometime between 9:00 a.m. and 4:00 p.m. on
Friday, July 1. For several weeks prior to the convention these
volunteer readers will work to procure sponsors. Then, at a time
convenient to them during the hours of the Braille-a-thon, the
volunteers will go to the room designated for the event in the
Pre-convention Agenda to complete their page goals. Some read as
many as three hundred pages, and others read only a few. We hope
to attract both excellent Braille readers and brand-new ones.
Everyone who reads Braille can help. You don't have to read lots
of pages in order to raise an impressive amount of money; an
alternative strategy is to find sponsors who will make
appropriately large contributions for each page read. 
     If you would like to participate and receive sponsor sheets
for use in signing up your friends and business associates as
backers during the coming weeks, contact either Betty Niceley,
3618 Dayton Avenue, Louisville, Kentucky 70402, (502) 897-2632;
or Jerry Whittle, 101 South Trenton Street, Ruston, Louisiana
71270, (800) 234-4166.

[PHOTO--2 blind girls play with popsicle sticks and paper at a table. CAPTION-
-NFB Camp provides the opportunity for young Federationists to enjoy
themselves during the annual convention.]
 
                 General Child Care Information

     As usual, child care will be available during the 1994
convention. Again this year the volunteer director of child-care
services (christened last year and now known as NFB Camp) is Mary
Willows. Mrs. Willows is an experienced educator, the mother of
two children, and a long-time leader in the National Federation
of the Blind of California. This volunteer job is a major
undertaking. It takes a tremendous amount of time from many
Federation parents who care deeply about making the NFB
Convention an enjoyable and enriching experience for every member
of the family who attends. 
     Child care is provided not only during the parent seminar on
Friday, July 1, 1994, but during the convention sessions, the
banquet, and other special meeting times as resources allow.
Parents are asked to make these donations for child care: $50 for
the week (including the banquet) for the first child and $25 for
each additional child; or, if you do not need the full week of
NFB Camp, $10 per child per day, and $10 per child for the
banquet night. Parents who cannot contribute the suggested
donation should contact Mary Willows to discuss what donation
they are able to make. Mary will be available in the NFB Camp
room before and after sessions. Please contact Mary as soon as
possible to indicate the number of youngsters in your family who
will be participating in NFB Camp during the week. Be sure to
tell her about each child's special needs if any. We also need to
know the age of each youngster and whether each is blind or
sighted. Checks for child care made payable to NOPBC and
registration information should be sent to Mary Willows, 3934
Kern Court, Pleasanton, California 94588; (510) 462-8557. Since
the suggested donation does not cover all expenses, other
donations from individuals and groups will be much appreciated. 

                     Committee on Associates

     The Associates Committee is dramatically expanded this year
and has great potential for success during the 1994 calendar
year. However, the results of the 1994 enrollment year will be
available at the committee meeting at 7:00 p.m., Sunday, July 3.
In addition several awards will be presented as well as remarks
by an exceptional speaker. Registration will begin at 6:45 p.m.
(essential for door prizes).
     On Monday at noon the committee will conduct a workshop for
those who have questions about techniques for associate
enrolling. The workshop will not exceed forty-five minutes. For
details contact Chairman Tom Stevens, (314) 445-6091, evenings. 

[PHOTO---Deaf-Blind Committee members seated at head table w/microphone and
Tellatouch. CAPTION--Members of the Committee on Concerns of the Deaf-Blind
are pictured here taking part in a committee meeting. Committee Chairman Boyd
Wolfe (at mic) works with Connie Ryan, using a Tellatouch.]

           Committee on the Concerns of the Deaf-Blind

     The National Federation of the Blind Committee on the
Concerns of the Deaf-Blind is planning three meetings during
Convention week in Detroit this year. All meetings will take
place at the Westin Hotel and will begin at 8:00 p.m.
     On Friday, July 1, there will be a seminar on assistive
listening devices, conducted by Kathleen Spear. Saturday evening,
July 2, we will have an interpreters' workshop. All those
interested in being interpreters for deaf-blind people attending
the convention are urged to attend to learn methods of
communicating with deaf-blind people and to get acquainted with
each other. 
     The Committee strongly urges that deaf-blind people
attending the convention register immediately when they arrive or
as soon as Convention registration begins on July 2. This will
enable you to receive an agenda with which to choose the meetings
you plan to attend and for which you will need an interpreter.
Everyone who has served as an interpreter in the past or who is
interested in trying this activity is warmly invited to attend
the Saturday evening gathering to get acquainted. 
     Tuesday evening, July 5, the committee will conduct its
annual meeting. All committee members are urged to attend, as
well as anyone else who is interested and able to attend. As
committee chairman, I and all of the other members of the
committee will be looking forward to seeing you at the greatest
NFB Convention ever. Every year attendance at both the meetings
of deaf-blind people and at general Convention activities has
increased. We are looking forward to watching this trend
continue.
     Any deaf-blind person who may need assistance when coming to
the Convention is urged to contact Boyd C. Wolfe, Chairman, 944
West Main St., Apt. 1010, Mesa, Arizona 85201. Please write in
Braille or call me on your State Relay Service at (602) 890-8061.
Anyone who may have suggestions or advice about matters
concerning deaf-blind people is urged to do the same.

[PHOTO/CAPTION--Diabetics Division leaders (left to right), Bill Parker, Ed
Bryant, Karen Mayry, and Tom Ley, are pictured here at the head table of the
1993 Diabetics Division meeting.]

                       Diabetics Division

     Ed Bryant, President of the Diabetics Division, reports that
the Division will hold two seminars at this year's convention.
The first will cover technology for diabetes self-management by
the blind. Discussions will feature adaptive insulin measuring
devices and blood glucose monitors with voice enunciation. The
meeting will take place at the Westin Hotel, Saturday, July 2,
from 2:00 to 4:00 p.m.
     The second seminar is our yearly Diabetics Division
seminar/business meeting. A keynote address is being arranged,
probable subject to be organ transplantation. This meeting will
take place on Sunday, July 3, beginning at 6:30 p.m. Seminar
locations will be listed in the Convention agenda, available upon
registration. Plan, prepare, and be rewarded. This year's
convention will be great.

                            Dialysis

     During this year's National Convention (Friday, July 1
through Thursday, July 7) dialysis will be available. Individuals
requiring dialysis must have a transient-patient packet and a
physician's statement filled out prior to treatment. Patients
should have their dialysis unit contact the desired location in
the Detroit area for instruction on what must be done. A
mandatory prepayment of twenty percent (approximately $26) must
be made before each treatment. This amount is not covered by
Medicare.
     Please schedule treatments early because space is limited.
Most dialysis locations require at least a thirty-day advance
notification, and service is provided on a first-come, first-
served basis. For transportation to and from dialysis centers
within the Detroit city limits, contact the Suburban Mobility
Authority for Regional Transportation (SMART); telephone (313)
961-6030. Fare from the Westin Hotel to and from dialysis
locations is $1 each way. Call ten days ahead. Note: SMART serves
only locations within the actual city of Detroit. 
Dialysis locations:
     1. BMA of Detroit, 4727 Saint Antoine, Suite 101, Detroit,
Michigan 48202; telephone (313) 831-2510. Ask for Jackie. BMA has
two units that are close to the Convention site, one about five
minutes away, the other about fifteen. 
     2. Greenfield Health Systems, 30100 Telegraph Road, Suite
200, Bingham Farms, Michigan 48025; telephone (810) 642-5038. Ask
for Tiffany. This is the corporate office, which patients or
social workers must contact in order to make arrangements. They
have several units less than thirty minutes from the Westin
Hotel. 
     3. St. John Dialysis Center, 22151 Moross, Suite G3,
Detroit, Michigan 48236; telephone (313) 343-3991. Ask for Cora
Coleman. St. John has several units, the nearest fifteen to
twenty minutes away from the Westin.
     Space is limited, so please schedule treatments early. If
your dialysis unit cannot confirm a space for you, contact
Diabetics Division President Ed Bryant for assistance at 811
Cherry Street, Suite 309, Columbia, Missouri 6201; or call (314)
875-8911.

                         Ham Radio Group

     The NFB Ham Radio Group, D. Curtis Willoughby, President,
will conduct an Emergency Preparedness Seminar at 7:30 a.m.,
Friday, July 1, location to be announced in the pre-convention
Agenda. The group's annual meeting will convene immediately
following the noon recess of the Wednesday Convention session.

                   The Human Services Division

     Doug Elliott, President of the Human Services Division of
the National Federation of the Blind, reports that the Division
will meet on Sunday, July 3, from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. Keynote
speakers kicking off the session will be Commissioner Donald Gist
of the South Carolina Commission for the Blind and Mr. Fred
Schroeder, Director of the New Mexico Commission for the Blind.
Both men provide human services to a statewide population and
supervise others who do so.
     Other topics for discussion will include blind human service
professionals working in private practice and in hospital
settings, confidentiality of records as a barrier, and work with
violent patients. The effects of blindness on professional
aspirants, job seekers, and potential employers will be
emphasized.
     Registration will begin at 12:30 p.m. Cost of registration
is $10 for working professionals and $5 for students and those
not yet employed in the field. 

[PHOTO--Lorraine Rovig seated at a table. CAPTION--Lorraine Rovig, Director of
the Job Opportunities for the Blind program]

        Job Opportunities for the Blind National Seminar 

     The 1994 National JOB Seminar will take place in the Westin
Hotel, Renaissance Center, Friday, July 1, from 1:00 to 4:00 p.m.
Sponsored by the National Federation of the Blind and the U.S.
Department of Labor, JOB (Job Opportunities for the Blind) offers
a fast-moving three hours of blind Americans' sharing information
on their jobs--how they got them, how they keep them, and what
they recommend to others. Blind people and those helping them get
jobs with decent pay will find a supportive, knowledgeable, and
down-to-earth program with a positive attitude. This seminar is
free.
     Any legally blind resident of the United States who is
looking for work in the U.S. is eligible to become a JOB
applicant. No need to wait till July--call (800) 638-7518 and ask
for the free sample JOB Packet and JOB Application Form.
     Anyone who works with blind job seekers is also welcome.
Come hear the real scoop on what works in job placement and what
jobs blind people are doing. Any employer interested in hearing
blind employees talk about their jobs will never have a better
opportunity. 
     Time at the seminar will be made available for those with a
job opening. Any announcements produced as handouts will be made
available throughout the week at the JOB table in the exhibit
hall. Any personnel recruiters who would like free exhibit space
in the hall, announcement of their availability at convention, a
place for interviews, or a JOB liaison to assist in locating
possible job applicants at convention are invited to call JOB to
make these arrangements.
     Networking at Convention: While we are on the topic of
employment, what job would you like to do? There may be another
person at convention who is already doing what you dream of
doing. Ask JOB to help you find people in your field of interest,
and consider reserving a spot at a job networking breakfast. 
     Write to JOB, NFB, 1800 Johnson Street, Baltimore, Maryland
21230; or call JOB at (800) 638-7518 (8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. EST)
to talk with the director, Miss Rovig.
     JOB Networking Breakfasts: Convention week goes so fast and
has so much packed into it that JOB had to cogitate hard on how
to help people find each other and then sit still long enough to
network to their mutual benefit. The breakfast meetings were born
of necessity and continue through popularity. The breakfast
coordinators are all blind people working in the particular
field. Folks meet at the appointed restaurant, individuals order
off the menu or graze the buffet, the coordinators help folks get
acquainted, and whatever job-related topic folks want to talk
about gets discussed. 
     Because it is still April, we don't yet know where in the
hotel we'll hold each networking event. Locations will be posted
during convention week at the NFB hotel information tables and at
the NFB Information Desk. Many good conversations and good
contacts have grown out of serendipitous juxtapositions at job
networking breakfasts. You want to come? Okay, see you in
Detroit. It's as easy as that.

SATURDAY
 Brand new in '94--A JOB Breakfast for First-Timers--Do you want
to meet new people fast, have a chance to network about jobs and
job searches, and get your questions answered about how this
week-long convention works? Beginning at 7:00 a.m., Saturday,
July 2, join an old-timer at tables for four or six. We will have
room for the first sixteen first-timers. The coordinator is
Lorraine Rovig, JOB director: (800) 638-7518.

SUNDAY
 A JOB Networking Breakfast (7:00 a.m.) for anyone interested in
sharing ideas for job hunting. Limit of five plus Miss Rovig.
Contact her for reservations at (800) 638-7518.
 The Fifth Annual Blind Lawyers Breakfast, 7:00 a.m. Sunday,
July 3. This year the attendees will break up into groups of four
or six per table so that it is easier to talk. On this same day
the National Association of Blind Lawyers will hold its yearly
national seminar. No reservations needed for breakfast or
seminar. For information contact NABL president and our breakfast
coordinator, Bennett Prows from Washington state: (206) 823-6380.
 The Third Annual Science and Engineering Breakfast, Sunday,
7:00 a.m., July 3. The one in Dallas was a great success, and you
won't find better company than at this Sunday morning feast.
Professionals in science and engineering and those interested in
these fields are invited to join the fun.
     To make reservations, contact Chairman John Miller,
California, by June 15. Call (619) 587-3975, or write to S & E
Breakfast, c/o John Miller, 4178 Decoro Street, #39, San Diego,
California 92122.

MONDAY
 A 7:30 a.m. JOB Networking Breakfast for anyone interested in
sharing ideas for job hunting. Limit of five plus Miss Rovig.
Contact her for reservations at (800) 638-7518.
 The Second Annual Breakfast for Braille Proofreaders and
Transcribers will be held at 8:00 a.m., Monday, July 4. Braille
and Independence Day go well together! The breakfast coordinator,
Mrs. Mary Donahue, Texas, may be reached in the evenings at (210)
826-9579. Reservations are helpful but not required. 

TUESDAY
 The Second Annual Breakfast for Blind Employees in Medical
Fields will meet at 7:00 a.m., July 5. The breakfast coordinator,
Janet Lee from Minnesota, may be reached at BLIND, Inc., (612)
339-8401 or evenings: (612) 434-7933.
 A 7:00 a.m. JOB Networking Breakfast for anyone interested in
sharing ideas for job hunting. Limit of five plus Miss Rovig.
Contact her for reservations at (800) 638-7518.

WEDNESDAY
 The Third Annual Blind Artists and Crafts Persons Luncheon will
take place on Wednesday, July 6, during the break while the 3,000
conventioneers "in convention assembled" go to lunch. The
artists' group has grown so large that breakfast has been changed
to a lunch meeting. Come hear some good ideas for selling your
product, and meet your fellow artists. Reservations would be
helpful. Contact Janet Bixby, Virginia, at (703) 722-4712. Janet
is also coordinating the second annual convention art gallery for
exhibition and sales. 
 Brand new in '94--A JOB Breakfast for Blind Machinists and
Mechanics. Allen Lincoln from Connecticut and Alan Downing from
Arizona will be coordinators for this one. Al Lincoln is a
machinist and mechanic, while Alan is a mechanic and electrical
engineer who specializes in classic Corvette restoration and Indy
cars. We were thinking of calling this the "manly breakfast," but
women in these fields will certainly be welcome. If smoothly
purring motors and greasy hands interest you, join this group at
7:00 a.m., Wednesday, July 6. Reservations helpful, not required.
Alan Downing can be reached at (602) 531-6708.
 Brand new in '94--The Green Thumb Career Breakfast, a JOB
breakfast for horticulturists and others interested in selling
what they grow, will take place at 7:00 a.m., July 6. The
coordinator, Pete Donahue from Texas, can be reached evenings at
(210) 826-9579.
 The Last-Chance JOB Networking Breakfast at 7:00 a.m. for
anyone interested in sharing ideas for job hunting. Limit of five
plus Miss Rovig. Contact her for reservations at (800) 638-7518.

[PHOTO--Woman (wearing an apron and curlers) sits at the bedside of an
apparently ill spouse, reading him the Bible. CAPTION--Two of the Louisiana
Center for the Blind Players are pictured here during one of their
performances at the 1993 NFB convention.]

                    Louisiana Center Players

     The Louisiana Center for the Blind Players will present two
performances of Time for Every Purpose, an original play by Jerry
Whittle, a member of the Center staff. The performances will be
presented at 7:00 and 9:00 p.m. Sunday, July 3, and tickets are
$3.00 each. The play is about eight students at the Louisiana
Center for the Blind and their experiences at their first
national convention.

                       Merchants Division

     The Merchants Division of the National Federation of the
Blind will conduct a seminar on Friday, July 1, on Tax Law and
Financial Planning for Retirement. The session will run from 9:30
a.m. to 12:00 p.m. and from 1:30 to 4:00 p.m. The cost is $30.

[PHOTO--Woman plays piano and sings into microphone. CAPTION--Julie Melton of
Michigan is pictured here competing in the 1993 Musical Showcase of Talent.]

                         Music Division

     On Monday, July 4, the popular Musical Showcase will take
place from 8:00 p.m. to 10:30 or 11:00. Contestant registration
will take place, preferably at the Music Division meeting
Saturday evening, or from 6:30 p.m. to 7:45 at the latest on the
night of the Showcase. 
     Sorry, but there will be no children's contest this year.
However, the Music Division Board has decided to lower the age of
contestants in the other categories to twelve. 
     This year for the first time we plan to sponsor a contest
for professional musicians. And of course our usual contests for
original compositions and for performance will also take place
again this year, but each contestant is limited to entering one
competition only. Electronic accompaniment may be used, but
unison singing with a recording will not be accepted. Also,
please no long monologues before selections since each contestant
has only five minutes in which to introduce his or her selection
and perform it. There will be a $2 entry fee for Music Division
members and a $3 fee for nonmembers. The first-place prize in
each contest is $100, and the second-place prize in each is $50. 
     The judges will evaluate contestant performances on musical
interpretation; appearance; and, in the composition contest,
originality. Those interested in serving as one of the three
judges should contact Mary Brunoli with information about their
qualifications. We hope to offer a small honorarium to each of
the judges. Contact Mary Brunoli before June 25 at 31 Sherbrooke
Avenue, Hartford, Connecticut 06106, (203) 522-0206, or look her
up at the National Convention. 
     On Saturday, July 2, after the 6:30 p.m. Division Board
meeting, the Music Division will hold its annual meeting at 8:00
p.m. We hope to have a representative from the Music Library of
the National Library Service for the Blind and Physically
Handicapped, but the program will be brief because of election of
officers. Speaking of which, Mary Brunoli says she hopes to
identify a bright-eyed and bushy-tailed someone who is interested
in all kinds of music and who would like to be the next Music
Division President. She would like, however, to remain on the
Division board but lacks the campaign funds to say more. 

              National Association of Blind Lawyers

     This year's annual meeting of the National Association of
Blind Lawyers, consisting of a business session and seminar, will
be held from 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on Sunday, July 3. Blind
attorneys, law students, and anyone else interested in the
practice of law should attend this year's meeting.
     Although the agenda is not finalized at this writing, the
program promises to bring together interesting speakers on timely
topics. We will discuss the latest in civil rights law and
litigation concerning the blind; methods and techniques of law
practice to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of the blind
lawyer; updates on technology, specifically in legal research;
and much more.
     Membership in the National Association of Blind Lawyers is
$10, and you can register at the door on the day of the meeting.
By registering, you will be sure to be on our mailing list for
the coming year to receive the ABA Journal and other publications
we are planning to distribute. We are also working to make sure
that the hours you spend being educated at the National
Association of Blind Lawyers meeting can be used for your
continuing legal education credit in any state in the Union. Join
the attorneys of the National Federation of the Blind and make a
difference.

[PHOTO--Man and woman seated at table, with dealer picking up poker chips.
CAPTION--Mary and Edwin Hurt prepare to enjoy Monte Carlo night at the 1993
convention.]

           The National Association of Blind Students

     The National Association of Blind Students (NABS) is active
and on the move, and this year's meeting promises to be more
exciting than ever before. Energy will be high, and enthusiasm
and fun will characterize the evening of Saturday, July 2, 1994.
At 7:00 p.m. students from every part of the country will be
present at the Convention meeting of the student division. We
want you to be a part of the collective action and solidarity
that characterize our movement. Each year more and more students
make the conscious decision to take an active role in changing
the lives of blind students for the better, and we expect to see
the growth in momentum continue in 1994.
     But the excitement does not end at the conclusion of the
Saturday night meeting. Come and enjoy a game of poker, UNO,
blackjack, or other Monte Carlo Night favorite while having fun
with fellow Federationists, raising money for the student
division, and staying in the spirit of Monte Carlo by gambling
for three cash prizes. Gaming action will start at 7:00 p.m. on
Tuesday, July 5. Let's make 1994 a year to remember. Be a part of
what's happening, and don't forget to encourage your friends to
do the same.

[PHOTO--Paul Gabias seated at table with Braille slate in his hand. CAPTION--
Paul Gabias, President of the National Association of Guide Dog Users.]

             National Association of Guide Dog Users

     The annual meeting of the National Association of Guide Dog
Users will be held on Friday, July 1, from 12:30 to 5:00 p.m.
Registration will begin at 12:30 p.m., and the meeting will begin
promptly at 1:15 p.m. This year's agenda is packed, innovative,
and exciting. You won't want to miss it.
     The meeting will begin with elections and other business and
will be followed by several interesting program items. We know
that blind people are involved in many occupations which require
the monitoring of the safety of other people. There are blind
shop teachers, blind teachers of young children, blind day care
workers, and blind teachers involved in physical education,
including wrestling and the martial arts. There are also blind
mobility instructors, including cane travel teachers and guide
dog travel instructors. Yet for many people, blind and sighted
alike, the fact that blind people can safely teach other blind
people the techniques involved in using a guide dog or a cane is
still very much an enigma.
     To help deal with this issue, two blind people who have
successfully trained guide dogs, Cheri Heppe and Paul Gabias,
will discuss their experience as trainers. At least two of the
people they have trained (Bill Schiavo and Mary Ellen Gabias)
will also share their experiences as students with blind
instructors. In addition, Arlene Hill from the Louisiana Center
for the Blind will discuss her vast experience as a blind cane
travel teacher. A student from the Louisiana Center for the Blind
will also speak.
     Several guide dog schools are expected to discuss the
particular methods they use to teach their guide dogs subway
platform safety. It is expected that they will also discuss
methods which graduates should use to maximize platform safety.
At the time of this writing the Guide Dog Foundation for the
Blind in Smithtown, New York, has agreed to deal with this topic,
but we are expecting confirmations from other schools shortly.
     Brad Scott, the director of training at Leader Dogs for the
Blind in Rochester, Michigan, will talk to us about developments
on the U.S. Council of Dog Guide Schools. The executive directors
and directors of training meet separately, for the most part, and
he is secretary for the meeting of the directors of training.
However, he is in a position to comment on both meetings.
     A representative from the Office of Governmental Affairs of
the National Federation of the Blind will also discuss with us
measures we can take to solve the quarantine problem for people
travelling with guide dogs to Hawaii. The meeting will end with a
discussion about what is new at the guide dog schools.
Representatives from each school will be given an opportunity to
discuss developments at their training centers.
     Over the last few years our seminars entitled "A Guide Dog
in Your Life" have been very popular. Last year we dealt with the
retiring dog; this year we will deal with the new dog. We will
discuss issues relevant to first-time guide dog handlers and
problems related to switching from an old dog to a new one. We
will deal with dog transfer problems from trainer to blind
handler and the myriad of ways these control problems can be
expressed in the working situation and beyond. We will also deal
with issues related to integrating the new dog into one's life,
including work, family, and other social situations.
     This seminar will be held on Saturday, July 2, from 7:00 to
10:00 p.m. Come one, come all.
     The Guide Dog Foundation will have a demonstration dog
available for test walks during the Convention. If they wish,
other schools are invited to provide the same service. 
     Again this year we are making special arrangements to insure
that the hotel relief area for the dogs will be as convenient and
clean as possible. Instead of relying on hotel personnel to
maintain this space, we will hire outside workers to keep it
clean. This should result in a more pleasant facility for owners
and dogs alike; but, as you would expect, the new arrangement
will cost a good deal. For this reason we voted at last year's
business meeting to have each dog owner pay $25 for use of the
relief area. This fee is payable at division activities early in
the week. Those owners who cannot do so at that time can pay it
to Priscilla Ferris, Division Treasurer, who is President of the
National Federation of the Blind of Massachusetts, so she is easy
to find on the convention floor. If you cannot pay the fee,
please contact Paul Gabias as soon as possible to work out
another arrangement. He can be reached at 475 Fleming Road,
Kelowna, British Columbia, Canada V1X 3Z4; phone (604) 862-2352.

                     National Association to
                   Promote the Use of Braille

     You are invited to help celebrate a most important birthday.
The National Association to Promote the Use of Braille (NAPUB)
will be ten years old when we gather for the National Convention
in Detroit this summer. Some very exciting events have been
planned, and we need you to help celebrate as we review our
accomplishments since 1984.
     Membership in NAPUB helps the Federation to identify the
Braille users in our organization. If you use Braille for nothing
more than labeling important papers and packaged foods, writing
addresses and telephone numbers, or just making Braille cassette
labels, you should invest one dollar in dues so you can be
counted among those who are using Braille in a practical way.
Otherwise we have no accurate way of knowing how many Braille
users there are.
     So you all come and join in the fun while also joining a
great NFB division.

              The NFB in Computer Science Division

     The 1994 meeting of the National Federation of the Blind in
Computer Science will take place during the NFB convention in
Detroit, Michigan. The meeting will commence at 1:00 p.m. Sunday,
July 3.
     We plan to split our program into two broad areas of
interest:
     First, we will be discussing how blind people can have
independent access to applications written for X Windows--that
is, the graphical user interface for UNIX. Although we now have
some access to applications written to run under Windows and
OS/2, there is now no commercial offering for blind people who
need access to graphical applications running under the UNIX
operating system. Yet quite a bit of academic research and work
is going on in this area, and we would like to hear about it at
our meeting.
     Second, in view of the tremendous growth in the use of
electronic computer networks by blind and sighted computer users
alike, we will be putting together a presentation dealing with
systems such as CompuServe, Genie, and the Internet.
     This being an even numbered year, we will also be electing
officers and board members for the Computer Science division. We
will also make available time for an exchange of technical views
and information. Any one wishing to have additional agenda items
added to the program should contact the President of the National
Federation of the Blind in Computer Science: Curtis Chong, 3530
Dupont Avenue North, Minneapolis, Minnesota 55412; or Internet,
73443.1351@compuserve.com

                    NFB NET Training Seminar

     Unless you live under a rock, you have probably heard much
talk lately about the so-called National Information
Infrastructure or Information Superhighway. We in the National
Federation of the Blind have had our own Information Superhighway
in the form of NFB NET, our computer bulletin board service, for
the past three years.
     If you don't know how to use your modem, if you want to
learn about off-line reading and QWK packets, or if you want to
learn about uploading and downloading files from NFB NET, then
you should attend the third annual NFB NET training seminar,
which will be held as part of the 1994 NFB National Convention in
Detroit, Michigan, on Friday, July 1. The seminar will take place
from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. The exact location will be announced in
the pre-convention agenda, which will be available in Detroit.
     Topics to be covered will include the basics of
telecommunications, calling NFB NET, registering as a user,
navigating around the system, and leaving and receiving messages.
Other topics to be covered will include uploading and downloading
files, locating information, getting the Braille Monitor and
other NFB publications, changing your parameters on NFB NET,
using off-line readers, and more. There may also be time to
discuss other on-line services and bulletin boards which feature
things of interest to blind computer users.
     Attend the third annual NFB NET Training Seminar and learn
how to be among the first to get the Braille Monitor each month
and find out about all the late-breaking news that is regularly
available on our Information Superhighway. The seminar will
feature explanations and real live examples by NFB NET's Systems
Operator, David Andrews. All you need to bring is something to
take notes with and your questions. See you on the first of July.

[PHOTO--1880's farm shows man on horse and cart and sheep grazing. CAPTION--
While parents are taking part in a day-long sseminar on Friday, July 1,
children at this year's convention have an opportunity to tour the Henry Ford
Museum and Greenfield Village. One ofthe exhibits they will explore is the
1880's Firestone Farm, pictured here.]

                  The National Organization of
                    Parents of Blind Children

     The National Organization of Parents of Blind Children
(NOPBC), a Division of the National Federation of the Blind, is
once more planning a daylong seminar for parents at the annual
NFB Convention. The seminar agenda includes topics that are
always appropriate--"Planning Your Child's Individualized
Education Program (IEP)" and "How to Choose the Right Technology
for Your Child"--as well as some topics never, or seldom,
explored in previous national parent seminars--such as "Readers
and Drivers: The Other Alternative Techniques" and "Learning
Through Play: A Panel Discussion about Toys, Games, Hobbies,
Recreation, and Sports." Other subjects on the agenda include
"Parents: The Blind Child's First Mobility Teachers" and "From
Taking Notes to Taking Out the Trash."
     Registration for the seminar will begin at 8:00 a.m. on
Friday, July 1. The seminar will begin at 9:00 with the keynote
address, "Cheap Mistakes: When Children Need to Fail." The
registration fee for the seminar is $8.00 per family for those
who wish to join or renew their membership in the NOPBC. The fee
is $5.00 per person for those who do not wish to become members.
The seminar will conclude at 5:00 p.m.
     As usual, a special day-long field trip has been planned for
children ages five to twelve. Donna Posont of Michigan is
organizing and supervising this year's trip to Greenfield
Village. Mrs. Posont is a blind mother; an active member of her
local chapter and state NFB affiliate; and an active member, as
well, of the Parents of Blind Children Division of Michigan. She
has conducted many local field trips and other activities for
children for the Michigan parent division. Here is what she has
to say about the July 1 field trip: 
     On Friday, July 1, 1994, children between the ages of five
and twelve are invited to take a field trip to Greenfield
Village, which is one of the most extraordinary places you can
visit. It provides unique educational experiences based on the
authentic objects, stories, and lives of America's famous
inventors. On this ninety-three-acre outdoor exhibit stand the
Wright brothers' bicycle shop; Thomas Edison's Menlo Park
laboratory; and the Logan County Courthouse, in which Abraham
Lincoln worked as a lawyer. These are not replicas; they are the
actual buildings. You will also find a working blacksmith's shop,
an 1880's farm, and a 1913 carousel. These are one-of-a-kind
exhibits you don't just look at--you experience them! And,
because of a contact we have with a member of the Greenfield
Village staff, we will have a special guide for our group who
will be dressed in Colonial costume and who will explain the
exhibits as we examine them. We will gather in the hotel near the
parents' seminar room on Friday morning between 8:00 and 9:00
a.m. The price for the trip is $20.00 per child. This includes
the cost of transportation and lunch. We will return at 5:00 p.m.
or before. Parents will be told Friday morning where to pick up
their children in the afternoon. 
     Since the number of children who can be accommodated for
this trip is limited, we urge you to pre-register your children
for the Greenfield Village daytrip. Children will be accepted on
a first-come, first-served basis. Please contact Donna Posont if
you have any questions about the day-trip, if you want more
information about pre-registration, or if you have a child with
special needs. To pre-register your child or children, send your
check for $20.00 per child and the names, ages, and indication of
special needs of each youngster, including whether the child is
blind or sighted, to Donna Posont. Her contact information is
20812 Ann Arbor Trail, Dearborn Heights, Michigan 48127; phone,
(313) 271-3058. 
     Two other very special workshops for qualified parents,
teachers, and other members of the Federation will take place
Friday concurrently with the afternoon session of the 1994
National Parents of Blind Children Seminar. These workshops,
"Braille Methods" and "The Nature and Nurture of Cane Travel and
Independent Movement in the Early Years," will be conducted from
1:00 to 5:00 p.m. These workshops are open to two groups of
people: 1) blind adults and parents of blind children who are
willing and able to work within their Federation affiliates to
use and share their new knowledge for the benefit of others and
2) teachers and others who work professionally with blind
children. 
     The Braille Methods workshop will be conducted by Claudell
Stocker, a nationally known Braille expert. The NLS Literary
Braille Competency Test was developed under her direction as the
former head of the Braille Development Section of the National
Library Service for the Blind and Physically Handicapped (NLS).
Mrs. Stocker also conducted the very popular "Beginning Braille
for Parents" workshops at our last three national conventions.
This workshop is an advanced course, however, and all
participants must be able to read and write grade II Braille. A
maximum of twenty people may register for this workshop. 
     Joe Cutter, who is both an early childhood specialist and an
orientation and mobility instructor, will be conducting the cane
travel workshop with the help of Carol Castellano, President of
the Parents of Blind Children Division of the NFB of New Jersey,
and George Binder, a children's cane travel instructor in New
Mexico. Mr. Cutter assisted Fred Schroeder with a cane travel
workshop at National Convention a few years ago. He has been a
proponent of giving canes to blind preschoolers and even toddlers
for many years. The purpose of this workshop is to train
participants in the concepts, philosophy, and strategies which
undergird the successful nurture of independent movement,
confident cane travel, and good orientation and mobility for
young blind children. With this knowledge participants will be
better able to advocate for quality cane travel and O&M programs
for children; and teachers, O&M specialists, and other
professionals who attend the workshop will be better prepared to
provide these quality programs.
     The maximum number of participants in this workshop is
fifty. We urge NFB parents divisions and state affiliates to
consider sending a representative to this workshop. 
     To preregister for either of these workshops, send your
name, address (including city, state, and zip code), telephone
number, and check in the amount of $10.00 made payable to
National Organization of Parents of Blind Children to NOPBC
Convention Workshops, National Federation of the Blind, 1800
Johnson Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21230. Also please indicate
if you are a parent, teacher, or other professional and whether
you are blind or sighted. If you are registering for the Braille
Workshop, please describe your level of Braille knowledge or
experience. 
     Other activities during the convention will include an
opportunity for blind youth to get together for a discussion.
This will also take place the afternoon of Friday, July 1. Friday
evening NOPBC will sponsor a Parent Hospitality Room in the NFB
Camp room from 6:00 to 10:00 p.m. There will be food for everyone
(specifics will be announced at the seminar) and plenty of toys
and space for the kids to play. Susan Benbow of New Mexico and
other teachers and blind adults will be on hand to talk to
parents one on one about particular educational concerns. If you
wish, they will also demonstrate the use of the slate and stylus
or other simple activities to you and your child. 
     As usual, the annual meeting of NOPBC will also take place
during the convention. This year's meeting will be on Sunday
afternoon, July 3, from 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. An IEP workshop will
also be held for parents on the evening of Monday, July 4, from
7:00 to 10:00 p.m. 

                    Public Employees Division

     At 1:00 p.m. Sunday, July 3, the Public Employees Division
will meet. This year we will discuss implications of the
Administration's National Program Review for blind federal
employees. 
     Specifically, what are the possible consequences for blind
employees of down-sizing or, as this administration sometimes
says, right-sizing? Will there be layoffs? What will happen to
readers? Can we expect continued computer support? A
representative from OPM is being invited to discuss this topic.
     Two public employees with unusual jobs will describe them.
Finally, a representative from the Michigan Human Rights
Commission will speak on the ADA and state and local employment.
     See you in Detroit.

                    Public Relations Workshop

     Could your chapter do more to educate the public about the
National Federation of the Blind and the abilities of blind
people? Would you like some ideas about effective ways to
publicize White Cane Safety Day, Braille Literacy Week, fund-
raising activities, and NFB seminars and workshops? Have you ever
wished that you knew how to begin doing these jobs right and
where to look for help? The answer is the Public Relations
Workshop at the 1994 Convention of the National Federation of the
Blind. It will begin at 7:30 p.m. on Friday, July 1. Members of
the Public Relations Committee will explain how to do radio and
television interviews and talk shows, write press materials, give
lively and informative talks to civic groups and classes, and
even take advantage of community access cable television
programming. Don't miss it. 

                     Social Security Seminar

     On Tuesday afternoon, July 5, there will be an outreach
seminar on Social Security and Supplemental Security Income: What
Applicants, Advocates, and Recipients Should Know. The purpose of
this seminar, which will be conducted jointly by the National
Federation of the Blind and the Social Security Administration,
is to provide information on Social Security and Supplemental
Security Income benefits for the blind. Seminar presenters will
be Sharon Gold, Member of the Board of Directors of the National
Federation of the Blind and President of the NFB of California,
and J. Kenneth McGill, Special Assistant to the Associate
Commissioner for Disability, Office of Disability, Social
Security Administration.

                        Writers Division

     Organized in 1982, the Writers Division has as its goal the
encouragement of persons who happen to be blind to write. Whether
they write novels, short story fiction, letters to the editor, or
poetry, the Division offers aspiring and experienced writers the
opportunity to express themselves, to showcase their work, and to
improve their writing skills.
     The Division will conduct a workshop on short story fiction
writing and on poetry, concluding with readings of poetry. This
workshop will be held on Friday afternoon, July 1. Registration
will start at 1:15, the program at 1:30; cost will be $5 per
person. Program details are incomplete, and people can call Tom
Stevens at (314) 445-6091 evenings or Lori Stayer, (516) 878-
8618, for further details. Pre-registration is available.
     In the past year, the Division has attracted two best-
selling authors as speakers. Set your cap for a stimulating and
rewarding afternoon in the relaxed, informal atmosphere of the
Division.
     The Division meeting, including a lively agenda of both
business and presentations on writing, will be on Sunday
afternoon, with registration at 1:15 and starting at 1:30. Watch
Slate and Style for further details, or contact the persons
above.
[PHOTO--Portrait. CAPTION--Allen Harris, President of the National Federation
of the Blind of Michigan.]


                             RECIPES

     This month's recipes are from the National Federation of the
Blind of Michigan, hosts of the 1994 National Convention.

                           SPINACH PIE
                        by Sunny Emerson

     Sunny Emerson is an active member of the Parents Division of
the Michigan affiliate and the National Organization of Parents
of Blind Children. 

Ingredients:
5 boxes, frozen chopped spinach
1 pound feta cheese, crumbled
11/2 pound small curd cottage cheese
12 eggs, well-beaten
2 sticks butter, melted
1 pound phylo Dough (strudel)

     Method: Thaw spinach, drain well, and squeeze out all
moisture. Beat eggs, then add feta cheese, cottage cheese,
spinach, pepper, and a little salt to taste. No salt may be
needed since the cheeses are salty. Butter a 12-by-171/2-by-2-
inch pan. Line with half of the sheets of dough, each brushed
with melted butter before the next is laid on it. Spoon spinach
mixture evenly into the dough. Fold overhanging edges onto
spinach mixture. Layer the remaining sheets of dough brushed with
melted butter to form top of pie. Tuck in the overhanging strips
of top crust so that all sides are neat. Before baking, cut pie
in diamond shapes. Bake in 350-degree oven one hour or until
golden. Makes a lot, freezes well before or after baking. 

                     TURKEY OR CHICKEN DIVAN
                        by Don Drapinski

     Don Drapinski has been a committed member of the National
Federation of the Blind since 1982. He has served as President of
the Detroit Chapter and is currently serving as First Vice
President of that chapter.

Ingredients:
4 cups cooked, cubed chicken or turkey
1 bag frozen broccoli cuts (20-ounce)
1 can cream of chicken soup
1/2 soup can of mayonnaise
1/2 soup can of milk
1/2 to 1 cup shredded cheddar cheese (optional)
Bread crumbs

     Method: In a 9-by-13-inch pan, layer the chicken and
broccoli. Mix soup, milk, and mayonnaise and spread over
broccoli, trying not to leave any exposed. (If you choose to use
the cheddar cheese, it should also be mixed with the soup.)
Sprinkle top with bread crumbs and bake at 350 degrees for 45
minutes.

               LOW-FAT CHEESE AND PEPPER CALZONES
                    by Fred and Mary Wurtzel

     Fred Wurtzel is the First Vice President of the Michigan
affiliate, and Mary is the President of the Lansing Chapter. 

Ingredients:
6 ounces tofu, well drained
1/2 teaspoon dried thyme
 1/4 teaspoon ground pepper
4 ounces part-skimmed mozzarella cheese, cubed
1/2 each, red and green bell pepper

Crust:
11/2 cups flour
2 ounces grated parmesan cheese
2 teaspoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon baking soda
 1/3 cup margarine
1/2 cup plain yogurt
2 teaspoons skim milk
 1/8 teaspoon paprika

     Method: Blend tofu, thyme, and pepper. Stir in mozzarella
and red and green peppers. For the crust, mix dry ingredients and
cut in margarine. Add yogurt. Divide and make four 7-inch
circles, Spread each with filling. Seal and brush tops with milk
and paprika. Bake on cookie sheet. Poke tops with fork before
baking to let steam escape. Bake at 400 degrees for 12 minutes.

                  FRUIT AND CEREAL BRUNCH CAKE
                    by Fred and Mary Wurtzel

Ingredients:
1 cup Total cereal
1 cup orange juice
 1/4 cup oil
1 egg
2 small bananas, thinly sliced
1/2 cup flour
 3/4 cup sugar
1/2 cup raisins
1 teaspoon baking soda
1 teaspoon cinnamon
1/2 teaspoon salt

     Method: Mix cereal and juice. Let stand two minutes, stir in
rest of wet ingredients, then add dry ones. Bake in 8 by 8 pan at
350 degrees for 45 minutes.

Topping:
1/2 cup packed brown sugar
1/2 cup chopped nuts
 1/4 cup flour
 1/4 cup oleo, softened
1/2 teaspoon cinnamon

     Method: Mix all ingredients together and spoon over warm
cake. Broil one minute.

                 CHICKEN AND STUFFING CASSEROLE
                         by Allen Harris

     Allen Harris is Treasurer of the National Federation of the
Blind and President of the Michigan affiliate. He and the rest of
the affiliate are eagerly awaiting the opportunity to host this
year's National Convention.

Ingredients:
1 package boneless chicken breasts, cooked & cubed (approximately
21/2 cups)
1 package Stovetop chicken stuffing mix with its seasoning
package
1 can cream of chicken soup
1 soup can of water
3 teaspoons butter or oleo

     Method: In a 9 by 13 pan, layer the chicken first, then the
stuffing and seasoning mix. Spread surface with the undiluted
soup. Add water. Cut the butter in thin slices and place on top.
Cover tightly with foil or lid and bake 40 minutes at 300
degrees.

                           PASTA SALAD
                          by Joy Osmar

     Joy Osmar is past President of the Lansing Chapter, current
Second Vice President of the Detroit Chapter, and chairperson of
the National Convention planning committee.

Ingredients:
1 pound box rainbow pasta, cooked and drained
 1/4 cup finely chopped green onion
1/2 cup finely chopped cucumber
 1/4 cup finely chopped celery
1 envelope Hidden Valley Ranch Original
1 cup milk
1 cup mayonnaise

     Method: Mix pasta, green onion, cucumber, and celery. Then
refrigerate for at least one hour. For dressing, mix Hidden
Valley packet, milk, and mayonnaise and cover. Refrigerate for at
least one hour. Combine mixtures and refrigerate for at least one
more hour.

                         BROCCOLI SALAD
                          by Donna Biro

     Donna Biro and her daughter Laura first found the Federation
at the 1992 NFB of Michigan convention. Since that time the Biro
family have all been active members of the affiliate. Laura was a
1993 winner of both national and state NFB scholarships.

Ingredients:
1 bunch broccoli, chopped
1 medium purple onion, chopped
5 slices bacon, fried crisp and crumbled
1/2 cup sunflower seeds
1/2 cup raisins
1/2 cup shredded cheddar cheese

Dressing:
 3/4 cup mayonnaise
 1/4 cup sugar
2 tablespoons dark vinegar

     Method: Toss all non-dressing ingredients. Mix dressing
ingredients well and combine with broccoli mixture. 

                    CHICKEN OR TURKEY KABOBS
                         by Larry Posont

     Larry Posont is a long time Federationist and immediate Past
President of the NFB Merchants Division.

Ingredients:
2 pounds skinless chicken or turkey breast 
1 bottle Italian dressing (regular size)
1 large green pepper
1 large onion
8 ounces whole mushrooms
10 kabob sticks

     Method: Two days prior to cooking, pound meat approximately
20 times on each side. Cut in bite size chunks and marinate in
the dressing. Stir twice each day. Cut onion and green pepper in
chunks. Thread chunks of chicken, pepper, onion, and mushrooms on
the kabob sticks in any order. Depending on how much chicken you
have, this recipe will make 8 to 12 kabobs. Preheat gas grill 10
minutes. Cook on low, turn every 4 to 5 minutes. Takes 10 to 14
minutes to cook to completion. Serve with rice. For variety,
cherry tomatoes can also be used on the kabob sticks. Instead of
Italian dressing, experiment with any of the variety of marinades
and sauces found in fruit markets and specialty stores. Barbecue
sauce can also be used.

                     LOW-FAT PUMPKIN MUFFINS
                        by Donna Posont 
     Donna Posont is also a long-time Federationist, is very
active in both the Merchants Division and the Parents Division,
and is the resident child care expert for Michigan state
conventions.

Ingredients:
1 large can pumpkin
1 1/3 cups grated carrots
6 eggs
2 tablespoons plus 2 teaspoons vanilla
 3/4 cup sugar
1-1/2 cups whole wheat flour
2 tablespoons ground cinnamon
2 tablespoons pumpkin pie spice
2 teaspoons baking powder
2 teaspoons baking soda
1 1/3 cup raisins (optional)
1 cup nuts (optional)

     Method: Mix pumpkin, eggs, vanilla, and sugar. Add carrots
and milk and mix. Add dry ingredients and mix. Add raisins and
nuts. Bake in muffin tins and paper cupcake liners for 30 minutes
at 350 degrees. Makes approximately 3 dozen.


                  **** MONITOR MINIATURES ****

** For Sale:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Swan 500C with matching power supply/speaker, RF filter,
Turner hand-held microphone, approximately 50 feet of RG8U
coaxial cable, and owner's manual; asking $300 or best offer,
includes shipping and insurance.
     LP's and pre-recorded tapes from the '50's through the
'80's, $3 each, includes shipping and insurance. I will negotiate
price if the rest of my collection is being considered for
purchase. For more information, contact (through Braille, print,
or cassette) Barry Wood, 6904 Bergenwood Avenue, North Bergen,
New Jersey 07047; or call (201) 868-3336, evenings and weekends.

** Conundrum:
     We have received the following announcement from the Royal
National Institute for the Blind. Here it is:

     RNIB will, from February, 1994, begin producing Conundrum, a
monthly magazine containing a wide range of puzzles and brain
teasers. The 48-page Braille magazine will also feature a prize
competition in each month, with an occasional special prize of
considerable value. The range of puzzles will include crosswords,
anagrams, word searches, general knowledge, and logic puzzles.
     We hope that customers will suggest their favorite type of
puzzle for inclusion in the magazine and that we will be able to
offer topical crosswords chosen by customers from time to time.
     If you require further information or would like to order
Conundrum, please contact RNIB's Customer Services Department at
Bakewell Road, Orton Southgate, Peterborough PE2 6WS in writing
or by phone on: 07-3-337-0777 from 8:45 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.

     Editor's Note: It should be remembered that British time is
five hours ahead of eastern standard time.


** New Chapters:
     We are happy to report the creation of two new chapters in
the Federation family. On Tuesday evening, February 15, 1994, the
Greater Batesburg-Leesville Chapter became the forty-second
Chapter of the National Federation of the Blind of South
Carolina. Its newly elected officers are Cynthia Bass, President;
Harvey Cockrell, Vice President; Angela Senn, Secretary; and
Sylvester Holmes, Treasurer. Then on Saturday, February 19, the
National Federation of the Blind of Southeast Ohio was created by
an enthusiastic group in Athens, Ohio. The officers are Dr. John
Smith, President; Brenda Blake, Vice President; Helen Witherell,
Secretary; Tom Sagar, Treasurer; and James Witherell, Board
Member. Congratulations to the members of both these new
chapters.

** Study Buddy Needed:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I am having trouble passing lesson fourteen of the National
Library Service proofreading and Braille transcription course. I
wonder if someone else who is taking the course would be
interested in having a study buddy. 
     I also have two items for sale. The first is a taped copy of
the American Heritage Dictionary with recorded instructions and
tape-storage binder. The set is in excellent condition. I am
asking $150 or best offer. I also have a Dymo labeling tape
adapter for use on the Perkins Brailler. There are no
instructions with it, but it is easy to use. I can explain its
operation over the telephone if necessary. I am asking $25.
Contact Ronald C. Kolesar, 9910 East Peach Street, P.O. Box 102,
Girard, Pennsylvania 16417-0102: Phone, (814) 774-5709.

þ Arkenstone First Reader Program Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Arkenstone, Inc., has announced the availability of a
complete reading machine for under $1400. With the First Reader
Program, blind people can obtain a complete reading system or can
acquire components to add to their existing products.
     Through its upgrade programs Arkenstone has accumulated a
limited number of previously used Arkenstone Reader systems.
These systems have been reconditioned and are available for
reuse. "Most reading systems cost between $4,000 and $6,000. Many
people who never thought it possible to purchase a reading
machine will now have the opportunity to read," said Jim
Fruchterman, president. He continued, "Arkenstone's nonprofit
goal is to spread reading technology to the people who need it.
The First Reader Program makes systems available at low cost
directly to people with disabilities who would otherwise not be
able to afford this type of technology."
     The following products are available under the First Reader
Program:
þ The Complete First Reader, including a PC, voice synthesizer,
screen access program, and Arkenstone reader with reconditioned
scanner and hardware - $1,375
þ The Complete First Reader with the above configuration and a
new HP IIp scanner - $1,875
þ Arkenstone Reader with reconditioned scanner - $500
þ Arkenstone HOT Reader with reconditioned scanner - $700
þ Arkenstone Reader with new HP IIp scanner - $1,000
þ Arkenstone HOT Reader with new HP IIp scanner - $1,200
     A limited number of systems are available, and the units are
available on a first-come, first-served basis. The program limits
purchases to one system per person or organization. Interested
people should contact Arkenstone directly.
     Arkenstone provides a thirty-day, money-back guarantee and
one-year warranty for units purchased. Support will be provided
through Arkenstone's toll-free 800 number, regular phone lines,
facsimile or electronic mail. Service replacements will be made
by ground shipping at Arkenstone's expense.
     Arkenstone is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization dedicated
to distributing reading technology to the people who need it.
Products are distributed in the U.S. and abroad by a network of
more than eighty dealers who are experienced in providing
computers and adaptive equipment for the visually impaired.
Arkenstone also provides information and technical support
directly to people with disabilities through its 800 number,
which supports all of the U.S. and Canada. Arkenstone, Inc., is
located at 1390 Borregas Ave., Sunnyvale, California 94089; (800)
444-4443, (408) 752-2200; or FAX (408) 745-6739.

[PHOTO--Aerial view of meeting of Resolutions Committee and some of audience
in attendance. CAPTION--The 1993 Resolutions Committee.]

** Making Resolutions:
     President Maurer provides the following reminder to members
of the National Federation of the Blind: 
     The streamlined resolutions process adopted by the Board of
Directors for managing resolutions at the 1993 convention will
continue in effect for the 1994 convention. The basic nature of
the resolutions process will not change, but the Board of
Directors has taken steps to see that the process is streamlined.
     Any member may sponsor a resolution, but it must be in the
hands of the President or the chairman of the Resolutions
Committee at least two weeks prior to the convention. Resolutions
which have not been given to either the President or the Chairman
may come before the Resolutions Committee only if they have been
signed by at least three members of the Resolutions Committee and
have been placed in the hands of the Committee chairman or the
President before noon of the day that the Resolutions Committee
first meets. Resolutions which receive favorable consideration by
the Committee will come to the convention for consideration and
action. Those that do not will not come to the convention floor
unless five of the voting delegates from the states indicate that
those five states will sponsor the resolutions. 
     In the past the resolutions presented to the Committee have
sometimes been redrafted by Committee members. The Resolutions
Committee will no longer be assisting in the drafting process.
Resolutions must be presented to the Committee in final written
form. The only changes which will be made after presentation to
the Committee will be technical or grammatical.
     Ramona Walhof of Idaho Chairs this committee. Her address
and phone number are: 1301 South Capitol Boulevard, Suite C,
Boise, Idaho 83706-2926; phone (208) 343-1377. The first meeting
of the Resolutions Committee will be held at the convention in
Detroit at 1:30 Saturday afternoon, July 2, 1994. The meeting
room will be listed in the program, which you will receive at
registration. There will be other meetings of the committee
throughout the convention as needed. This is one of the most
important committees of the Federation. It considers and proposes
the resolutions which set the policy of our organization.
     Although the agenda has not yet been finalized, most
(perhaps all) of the Thursday general convention session will be
taken up with discussion of resolutions and other internal
business. We must allow opportunity for full and thorough
deliberation, and this seems the best way to do it.
     Sometimes a resolution is given to the Chairman of the
committee, and no one is present to explain why the resolution is
needed. This leads to confusion and time wasting. Therefore, it
is essential that someone be present who can speak on behalf of
the resolution. 
     The resolutions passed by the convention are the statements
of policy which determine the actions and direction of the
organization for the following year. This is why it is vitally
important that the resolutions receive serious attention and that
adequate time be allotted for their discussion and debate.

** For Sale:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I have for sale a Compaq 286 IBM-compatible computer with
Votalker internal synthesizer and PC Talk Enhanced speech
software. The cost is $700. If interested, contact Donna Simms
after 6:00 p.m. (Pacific time) at (818) 902-0223.

** Home Study Course on the Catholic Faith Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Would you like to know more about God and serving Him
through the Catholic faith? A free home study course is available
in ten cassette tapes. Please refer to it as "Our Second
Edition." These lessons are taken from the Paulist Fathers home
study course and have optional questions and answers for each
lesson. We invite you to send for lesson one on cassette tape by
contacting Catholic Inquiry for the Blind, 228 N. Walnut St.,
Lansing, Michigan 48933; or call (517) 342-2500.

** National Church Conference of the Blind:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     The 1994 National Church Conference of the Blind will be
held from July 24 to 29 at the Holiday Inn Airport in Birmingham,
Alabama. In addition to Bible studies, enjoy talent time,
singing, seminars, tours, exhibits, banquet, and a wonderful time
of Christian fellowship. For further information contact Frank
Finkenbinder, P.O. Box 163, Denver, Colorado 80201; or call (303)
455-3430.

** French Braille Club Seeking Penpals:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Twenty-five sighted boys and girls between twelve and
fifteen years of age, members of the Braille Writing Club, would
like to correspond in Braille with visually impaired children
about their ideas, music, or other subjects and to establish
amicable links. Subscription is free. Send only a letter to
present oneself in print or Braille to Mrs. Bretelle, College Les
Molires, Club Braille, 78690 Les Essarts Le Roi, FRANCE.

** Braille Materials Available:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I have materials available in specific subject areas
including training and development, course evaluation,
organizational development, and team-leader training in
industrial settings. These free materials are available in
Braille and may be obtained by contacting Justin McDevitt at
(612) 823-0405 after 5:00 p.m.

** Into Every Life a Little R.A.I.N. Should Fall:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     The Radio Amateur Information Network, RAIN, is unique in
the world of amateur radio. Its bimonthly publication, The RAIN
Journal, is a tone-indexed, 90-minute cassette magazine
containing actual interviews with the movers and shakers in ham
radio, along with taped excerpts from information forums held
each year during the Dayton Hamvention. In addition there are
thought-provoking columns, written and read exclusively for RAIN,
plus humorous, thoughtful anecdotes carefully selected from
packet radio.
     The RAIN Journal is produced by Hap Holly/KC9RP, a blind ham
known for his RAIN Dialup, which updates Fridays at (708) 827-
RAIN (7246) and is heard weekly on repeaters nationwide via
telephone and satellite. This publication will be of special
interest to the blind ham radio enthusiast, whose access to print
ham publications is often quite limited.
     A one-year subscription costs $12, $2 per issue. For an
additional $5, subscribers will receive a Hansa Plastics Free
Matter mailer, laminated address card, and one ninety-minute
cassette. The subscriber can recycle that tape or send a
replacement one if he or she wishes to build a permanent RAIN
library. Checks or money orders should be made payable to RAIN
and sent to RAIN, P.O. Box 2565, Des Plaines, Illinois 60017-
2565. A demo tape is available on request by sending a free
matter mailer with a note to the above address. In your note
please let RAIN know that you read about it here.

** For Sale:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     For sale, Artic Business Vision speech package, asking $700;
VersaBraille P2C classic, needs repair, $500 or best offer; man's
Braille quartz wrist watch, needs repair, free. If interested,
contact Doug Rose, 207 Dickenson Ave., Newbury Park, California
91230; or call (805) 499-8377, Pacific time zone.

** Representatives Needed:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     Raymond and Beth Graber, members of the NFB, are
representatives for Seeing Technologies, Inc. Their products
include CCTV's (both side-by-side and Inline), black and white
with 12 to 27-inch monitors; custom-built height-adjustable table
on wheels; See-PC-Vision, an add-on board for IBM and compatibles
that enables PC owners to turn their computers into full-screen
CCTV reading machines for the visually impaired by adding a video
camera; and Magic computer-screen-enlarging software. They
presently have twelve visually impaired representatives and are
looking for more. Following are areas in which jobs would be
open: Baltimore/Washington, D.C., area; upstate New York; South
Carolina; Georgia; Washington; Oregon; Idaho; Indiana; and
Michigan. 
     To inquire call 1 (800) 462-3738 and ask for Gary Domstrand,
President. All correspondence should be sent to Seeing
Technologies, Inc., 7074 Brooklyn Blvd., Minneapolis, MN 55429;
or FAX (612) 560-0663.

** Book Available:
     The following brief review appeared in the January 29, 1994
issue of Science News. Dr. Geerat Vermeij is a distinguished
marine biologist who addressed the 1988 convention of the
National Federation of the Blind. He continues to build a
remarkable career. Monitor readers will remember that he received
the prestigious MacArthur prize in 1992. Here is the review: 
     Rather than list types of shells, Geerat J. Vermeij
investigates what shells can tell us about biology. In his book,
A Natural History of Shells, he notes that shells are fossils
inscribed with a detailed record of events that mark the lives of
mollusks as they grow. The author examines the architecture,
adaptation, distribution, and history of shells and shows how the
natural environment alters their evolutionary course. Princeton
University Press, 1993, 207 pp., hardcover, $29.95. To order by
Visa or MasterCard, call 1 (800) 544-4565. In the D.C. area call
(202) 331-6953.

** Correspondents Wanted:
     We have been asked to carry the following announcement:
     I would like to hear from people interested in starting a
crocheters' corner. I would also be interested in personal pen
pals. I am thirty-six years old and a Christian. My hobbies are
crocheting, knitting, doll collecting, and cooking. I will accept
letters only in Braille. Contact: Donna Jean Webb, 1106 North
Olive Street, Gladewater, Texas 75647.

** Experimental Procedures:
     President Maurer prepared the following announcement about
experimental procedures which are being tested in the aids,
appliances, and materials department of the National Federation
of the Blind. Because of the volume of orders this department now
receives, we are trying to organize the work of providing these
items more efficiently. Calls will be taken for aids, appliances,
and materials from 12:00 noon until the end of business. These
calls will not be taken before noon unless there is an emergency.
This will enable the staff to handle the mail orders, pack
materials, and process the paperwork associated with them as well
as perform other duties in the department during the morning
hours. These procedures should speed the delivery process and
make obtaining aids, appliances, and materials more efficient.
This experiment is likely to save us money while it increases the
speed and efficiency with which we fill and ship orders. So
remember, those wishing to place telephone orders should contact
the Aids, Appliances, and Materials Center between 12:00 noon and
the end of business, eastern time.