

WORD OF GOD                                                      Written By:
Number SIX (6)                                                  SAM HAIN for
June 1990                                                        -=Ministry=-
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Okay.  I guess a bunch of guys quit so I should just call it By Sam Hain instead
of ministry...  Oh well...  Anyways, Hydra's files are good, but the problem is
that it makes it hard to convert into a text file if one wanted to (why would we
want reviews of games when they will get old anyways?)  Oh well..  Still pick it
up though.  BTW - Tower Books by Seattle Center no longer carries 2600.

Be looking for a -=Ministry=- Bbs soon.  It's almost done.  Anyone see Clifford
Stoll on T.V. the other day?  Someone hacked his personal system and filled up
all the extra space with a file containing

 WELL NOW... LOOK WHO'S GOT EGG ON HIS FACE..

over and over.  Very funny joke, since he was scheduled for a tv appearance that
day..  (BTW- if you're dumb, he wrote The Cuckoo's Egg, about catching West
German, KGB-spawned hackers)

I think someone should start a group which takes relative lamer dumbasses, and
teaches them EVERYTHING that they can about hacking so more people know what to
do...  Okay, enough of this....  How about..

----------------________________________________-------------------------------
WIRE LESSS                                       TRANSMITTERS
----------------~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~-------------------------------
Ingredients:
Resistors (1/4 watt, %5)
   R1    - 100 ohms
   R2,R4 - 10,000 ohms
   R3    - 1000 ohms
   R5,R7 - 47,000 ohms
   R6    - 2.2 megohms
   R8    - 4700 ohms

Capacitors
  C1    -1.5 pF, ceramic disk
  C2    -100 pF, NPO
  C3,C4 -330 pF,,NPO
  C5,C9 -0.1 uF, NPO
  C6    -.001 uF,NPO
  C7    -22 uF, electrolytic
  C8    -6.8 uF.electrolytic
  C10   -10-40 pF trimmer capacitor

SemiConductors
  Q1   -BF199 or NTE229 or equiv. NPN transistor
  Q2   -BC183C or NTE199 or equiv. NPN transistor

Other Parts
  L1   - Coil, approx. 1 uH
  M1   - Electret Microphone
  S1   - SPST toggle Switch

Misc.
  9 volt battery
  9 volt battery connector
  wire for connections
  project box
  solder
  soldering iron
  breadboard / pc board

   (KIT AVAIL. $13.85 - PROSPECT ELECTRONICS
                        P.o. Box 9144
                        Allentown, Pa. 18105)

For the coil(L1), you'll need to either coil a wire or set an adjustable coil
around 1uH.  Make sure there's no bridged or bad joints when you start it.

Schematics
----------

____        |----+-----+--------+---------------------+--------+--------|
\  /       ___   |     |        |                     |        |        |
 \/     C10/ \  L1     |        |                     |        |        |
Antennae    |    |     |        |                    R7        |   B    |  +
 |          |    |     |        |                     |        |   a  -----
 |    C1    |    |     |       ___                    |        |   t    _
 |___I<_____!____|    R4     C3/ \                    |        |   t  _____
            |          |        |                     +---+    |   e    _
            +-----\    |        |       +-R6---+      |   |    |   r    | -
            |      \   |        | C9    |      |     R8   |    |   y    |
            |       I--+--------+-I<----+      |      | C7|    |  C6    |
           ___     /   |        |        \     |      |  \| +  | /      |
        C2 / \   v     |        |         I----+------+  ---  ---       |
            |   |  Q1  |        |        /            |  / \  / \       |
            +---|      |        |       v Q2          |   |    |        |
            |   |      |        |      +-------|      |   |    |        |
            |          |        |      |       |      |   |    |        |
            R1         R2       |      |    C8___ +  M1   |    |        |
            |          |       ___     |      / \ -   |   |    |        |
            |          |    C4 / \     R3      |      |   |    |        |
            |          |        |      |       |      |   |    |  S1    |
            |__________|________|______|_______|______|___|____|_+  +___|
                                               |                  \
                                             -----                 +
                                              ---Ground
                                               -

Use:
----
Now you have to set the frequency, so get a normal FM radio and find an unused
area and have someone constantly talk into the microphone and adjust the dial
until you pick it up...

_____________________________________________________________________________

PRODIGY
=======

Being a paying member of Prodigy, I can tell you what they do to prevent
hackers...  They leave every member notes saying change your password due to
hackers.  No one does it, so it's a waste of their space.  It's generally hard
to guess an account, but this is the format..

LLLL##O
where LLLL is ANY letter, ## is a number, and O is the position it is in the
account.  When you buy one account, you can make up to 25 more accounts off of
it.  So, Mr. Smith buys an account.  His ID is:

PWRB21A   (A - being the first account and the only one to add on new accounts
with)
homever, his wife and three kids want on, so they get accounts:
PWRB21B
      C
      D
      E

So, instead of 1 account, you have 5.  If it's a higher letter (C and above) you
can bet it's a kid and start using stupid, easy to guess passwords.

ONCE YOU get a valid id and password, you can get BILLIONS more just by
(J)umping to THE CLUB.  Here, go to the music section and read any message about
The New Kids on The Block.  There are around 200-300 little, tasteless girls
with no pubic hair, who love them.  Just write down their accounts and start
hacking using Info on the Newkies. (Names, songs, lyrics, album names, etc.)  I
have obtained over 15 accounts this way...

There isn't a lot to do there once you get in..  No Chatting or anything.  You
can get info about a lot of other systems by reading all the LOOK things.
However, you need the software package to use Prodigy, but that's available
everywhere now...
_____________________________________________________________________________

Okay, the rest of the files will be included in this ZIP.  They are loops for all
over the country.  More on loops later...