Archive-name: Changes/xprmt2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Experiment 2


When he awoke, he noticed that it was the middle of the afternoon, and mom
and sis were due at home any time. 

He ran upstairs and put on a shirt and went down to set the table, as mom had
said she was going to bring some chinese food today and there would be no
cooking.

When mom and sis arrived from the boutique they owned, Mike said "Hi guys",
but his voice broke in mid word, just like it used to break last year when
he was going through his voice change.  He thought to himself "Oh no, here
we go again, I thought that voice change was over".  He did not notice his
mom and his sister looking at each other and smiling smuggly.

Dinner went very well, but Mike had decided not to talk too much to avoid the
embarrassment of the squeaking.  But he finally told his mom that he was just
not feeling well lately.  His mom just smiled, gave him his pill and took him
to bed and placed the electric pad on his belly.

Again, he felt a very strange sensation of electricity in his belly, but
thought nothing of it.  One more time, he fell asleep.  This time, however
the dreams were very pretty, but disconcerting.  He dreamed he was on a
flower patch, a beautiful aroma arose from the blooms,  the colors were
incredibly bright and beautiful.  Even the sounds were more muted, more soft.

In the morning, when he went to pee, he could hardly hold his little stub (no
bigger than a pencil eraser now).  As he started the stream, he felt it
running down his legs, so he decided to sit in the toilet like his sister had
to do.

In the shower, the stream of water felt very pleasant on his skin, but when
it hit his chest area, it was uncomfortable, so he had to cover his breasts
(His breasts?) with his hands to avoid the water hitting them.

After he dried himself, he went to the mirror to shave.  He really did not
have to shave every day, but this was one thing he was bound to do to
reassert his manhood. Only, there was no hair on his face.  Not one hair,
not even the peach fuzz with which he had started about a year ago.  He
touched his face and it felt much softer and smoother than ever.

What is happening to me? he thought.  When he got downstairs, and said good
morning to his mom and sister, his voice did not break, it just stayed up.
His sister said, "look Mom, he talks just like a girl!" to which mom just
replied "Don't be so cruel, just let Mike be".

This was saturday and they were all given their tasks so that the complete
house would be cleaned, top to bottom.

Mike was assigned the laundry, including stripping the beds.  When he went
to strip his bed, he noticed that there was a little blood on the sheet in
the area where his bottom fit.  Now he began to panic.  He ran downstairs to
talk to his mom, when he found that Cindy had just come in and the three
women were talking by the pool.

They told him to bring a chair and to sit down, that they had something to
tell him.

"Mike" mom said, "since your Dad died five years ago, I have been looking at
you and considering if you suffered the same condition as he did".  "Your dad
was afflicted with some strange condition which caused electricity to affect
him in very strange ways"

"One day, he got a shock while replacing a fuse.  A few days later, his body
started changing, getting softer.  We thought nothing of this until some time
later, he was fixing a light switch and got another shock.  The next day he
had changed considerably.  By the end of four days, he had turned into a
female almost completely."

"Five years ago, he got another electric shock and the change in him was
completed. There was no difference between him and me."  "We decided that he
should change his life completely,  we told everyone that he had died of a
very strange disease, and he went to the East Coast to live full time as the
woman he had become."

"Of course, we keep in touch, we talk quite often and he (should I say she)
visits us at the boutique.  You see, she has been running our branch shop
there, and comes in once in a while to discuss the business situation.  She
is our co-owner"

"We have discussed you at great length.  Cindy as you know has been working
part time for us, and she overheard us the other day, and approached us with
a plan. Cindy is a Physics whiz, and she had been doing some work with
electrical stimulation. She had been successful in changing her cat's sex
from male to female, and she thought that she would be able to work the same
effect in humans."

"One of the thoughts that we had been having was that of bringing you into
the business, but a male running a clothes boutique was just not appropriate. 
Cindy confessed that she was really in love with you, but not in a
male-female kind of way, you see, Cindy simply does not appreciate the male
gender."

It seemed like the situation was too far fetched for me to appreciate.  Cindy
then took the floor and continued.

"My experiment was specifically designed to first attract you to it and then
to send a very powerful, but harmless bolt of electricity through your body.
Since you had the propensity, which you had inherited from your father, the
rest was simple.  The pills you have been taking are a very powerful female
hormone, and with the help of a miniaturized version of my experiment
carefully placed in the heating pad, the rest was easy."

"By now, your body has probably taken the contours and characteristics of a
girl of about 12 years.  However, there are still some more changes coming
which we felt you should hear before they take place."

"Of course, your voice is now totally female, you should not have to go
through the changes in pitch any longer.  Your skin is totally female, you
may have notice that you haven't the slightest hair on your face.  Your
breasts are growing at the right pace, as I said, your body looks like a 12
year old girl."

"Your penis should by now have almost disappeared, and you should have a
little nub left, which corresponds to a clitoris.  As a matter of fact, why
don't we go inside and make an inspection of your new characteristics.  Then
we will explain about the other changes occuring or about to occur."

--
