			STANFORD UNIVERSITY MEMORANDUM



Date:  	April 19, 1991

To:	Stuart Reges
	Senior Lecturer

From:	Ken Down
	Associate Dean for Administration

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

I have received from President Kennedy a copy of a letter from Bob Martinez,
Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy, enclosing copies of
your correspondence to him and to Ronald Bucknam in the office of Drug
Prevention Programs in Higher Education.

In that correspondence you state:

"On my way back from the airport last Sunday, for example, a Stanford
undergraduate asked me whether or not I'd be willing to give him advice
about whether or not to try MDA.  He had already tried marijuana and LSD,
and he had positive experiences with those drugs, so I naturally reassured
him that he had nothing to worry about and should go ahead and experiment
with MDA."

"I still carry illegal drugs in my backpack while on campus, in direct
violation of Stanford's policy."

"Meanwhile, I have violated Stanford's policy on numerous occasions.  As I
described in my article [in the _Daily_] I have been carrying illegal drugs
in my backpack, and I carry that backpack with me all over campus."

I have also received a copy of your correspondence to Su Schaffer, in which
you state:

"... I often carry illegal drugs in my backpack while on campus (in fact, I
have done so several times since receiving your memo and I intend to do so
in the future.  I am also encouraging others (including students) to disobey
this policy."

"... I took the winning section to dinner at McArthur Park on Tuesday of
last week (April).  Most of us ended up ordering drinks, and several
students under 21 ordered alcoholic beverages.... The dinner will be paid
for from a university account (my unrestricted funds)."

I am seriously troubled by the conduct described in your correspondence --
and I do consider all of these to constitute conduct.  Most of them are
obviously actions, but I want to be clear about my view that a Senior
Lecturer's specifically advising an individual student "that he ... should
go ahead and experiment with MDA" is conduct, and not protected speech.  If
the conduct occurred as you described it, it violates the University's
policy on Controlled Substances and Alcohol, and would constitute
professional misconduct.  As you should know, violation of the University's
Policy on Controlled Substances and Alcohol is grounds for disciplinary
sanctions up to and including termination from employment.  Professional
misconduct is likewise grounds for discipline.

In view of the seriousness of the conduct admitted in your correspondence,
you are hereby placed on administrative leave with pay, effective
immediately and pending completion of the investigation.  It is imperative
that you meet with me and Kathy Davis and cooperate in our investigation.
We will meet with you on Monday, April 22, 1991, at 10:00 a.m. at Kathy
Davis's office, Terman 222.
