Balloon Campaign Will Seek Evidence of Antimatter Galaxy
-----------------------------------------------------------------------

FILESPEC:  ANTIMATR.DOC

DOCUMENT:  Balloon Campaign Will Seek Evidence of Antimatter Galaxy

    [07/29/88 Update of NASA Balloon Mission]

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

     NASA will launch three huge balloons in Canada next month to 
search for cosmic rays, including those that could provide 
evidence of galaxies made of antimatter.

     Antimatter consists of particles with electrical charges 
opposite those of "common" matter, which constitutes Earth's 
material.  When antimatter and matter collide there is a mutual 
and complete annihilation, releasing energy far greater in 
proportion then energy released by nuclear fission or fusion.

     Whether antimatter could ever be created in sufficient 
supply and harnessed to provide useful energy is a challenging 
question.

     The flights will begin Aug. 2, in a month-long campaign that 
is part of the NASA Balloon Program managed by the Goddard Space 
Flight Center's Wallops Flight Facility, Wallops Island, Va.

     Balloons that will lift three cosmic ray experiments to 
approximately 120,000 feet will be launched from Prince Albert 
Saskatchewan Airport, approximately 300 miles north of the 
U.S./Canadian border.

     Scientific balloons are utilized to carry large research 
payloads with scientific instruments to make measurements at 
altitudes above 99 percent of the Earth's atmosphere.  They are 
made of a thin polyethylene material and are more than 350 feet 
in diameter at full inflation.  These balloons provide unique 
experiment platforms for measurements at altitudes in the upper 
stratosphere.

     Personnel from WFF and the National Scientific Balloon 
Facility, Palestine, Texas, will provide the launching and 
operational flight support at the primary operations site in 
Prince Albert.  Personnel from WFF also will provide downrange 
telemetry tracking support at Edmonton, Alberta.

     Principal investigators for this campaign are Dr. Steve 
Ahlen, Boston University; Dr. W. Robert Binns, Washington 
University; and Dr. Steve Schindler, California Institute of 
Technology.

     Ahlen's extragalactic antimatter experiment is a 4,500-pound 
payload that will search for heavy anti-nuclei (anti-silicon to 
anti-iron), and will be flown on a 28.4 million cubic foot 
balloon.  The observed anti-nuclei are expected to provide 
evidence for the existence of galaxies made completely of 
antimatter.  Scientist believe this discovery could prove to be 
extremely useful for understanding the annihilation process 
between matter and antimatter in the creation of galaxies.

     Binns' payload, called the scintillating optic fiber 
experiment is a 1,200-pound cosmic ray isotope experiment that 
will utilize newly-developed range and trajectory-defining 
detectors based on scintillating fiber optics.  It also will be 
carried aloft by a 28.4 million-cubic-foot balloon.

     Schindler's 2,700-pound payload, to be carried on a 23.3 
million-cubic-foot balloon, is the high energy isotope 
spectrometer telescope.  This experiment employs a combination of 
scintillators and counters to form a cosmic ray isotope 
spectrometer capable of measuring the isotopic composition of 
cosmic rays from helium to nickle.

     The mission is part of the overall NASA Balloon Program, 
managed at Wallops.  The program provides 40-45 balloon flights a 
year from locations around the world.


====END OF DOCUMENT====
{*via FTL-BBS/NASA-Huntsville Link*}

