Date:    Mon, 16 May 1994 10:13 +0000 (WET)
To:      izar@cs.huji.ac.il
From:    Duncan Lennox <LENNOX@ccvax.ucd.ie>
Subject: Aikido FAQ Version 1.1

               Aikido Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) List
               ============================================
                   
                   Version 1.1 - Released 12th May 1994
                     
       Comments and queries to Duncan Lennox <lennox@ccvax.ucd.ie>
            
               Most recent version available via anonymous 
            FTP from cs.ucsd.edu in the pub/aikido/ directory
            
          HTML on-line version available via the following URL:
                http://www.ii.uib.no/~kjartan/aikido.html
      HTML version maintained by Kjartan Clausen <kjartan@ii.uib.no>
                
Disclaimer
==========

No warranty of any kind is made in regard to the content of this
document, including, but not limited to, any implied warranties of
merchantability, or fitness for any particular purpose. The author of,
and contributors to, this document shall not be liable for errors
contained in it, or for incidental or consequential damages in
connection with the furnishing of, use of, or reliance upon
information contained in this document. So there.

Contents
========
                   
 1 - Introduction to Aikido
     1.1 What is Aikido?
     1.2 What are the different styles in Aikido?
     1.3 Can Aikido be used for self-defence?
     1.4 Is Aikido better than Karate/Judo/any other martial art?
     1.5 Does Aikido have competitions?
 2 - Principles of Aikido
     2.1 Ki
     2.2 Entering (irimi)
     2.3 Ukemi
     2.4 Atemi
     2.5 What does it mean to 'move off the line'?
     2.6 Center/hara/haragei
     2.7 Extension
 3 - Dojo Etiquette
     3.1 What is the proper before-class ritual?
     3.2 Why do we bow and use Japanese at certain times during a class?
     3.3 Is talking permitted on the mat?
     3.4 What is the system of colored belts?
     3.5 What is a hakama and who wears it?
 4 - Miscellaneous Aikido Questions
     4.1 Why are ancient weapons such as the bokken (wooden sword) used 
         in Aikido?
     4.2 How do I find an Aikido dojo near me?
     4.3 How do I choose the best dojo?
     4.4 Is Steven Seagal really an aikidoka?  What is his rank?
     4.5 Does Aikido have punches or kicks? Or defences against these?
     4.6 What is the unbendable arm and what is it's value?
 5 - Aikido-L Internet Discussion Group
     5.1 What is the Aikido-L discussion group?
     5.2 How do I subscribe?
     5.3 How do I unsubscribe?
     5.4 How do I post messages to Aikido-L?
     5.5 How do I find out about LISTSERV commands?
     5.6 Why did I get dropped from the list?
     5.7 What kind of etiquette is required on the list? 
 6 - Other Internet On-line Resources
     6.1 Aikido anonymous ftp site
     6.2 Eric Sotnak's Aikido Primer
     6.3 rec.martial-arts
     6.4 Brad Appleton's Stretching Guide
     6.5 Martial Arts FAQ
     6.6 Sword Arts FAQ
 7 - Glossary of Terms
 8 - Bibliography
 9 - Periodicals
10 - Equipment Suppliers
11 - Acknowledgements
                   

                  Section 1 - Introduction To Aikido
                               ---oooo---
                                    
1.1 What is Aikido?

Aikido is a Japanese martial art developed by Morihei Ueshiba (often
referred to by his title 'O Sensei' or 'Great Teacher'). On a purely
physical level it is an art involving some throws and joint locks that
are derived from jiu-jitsu and some throws and other techniques
derived from kenjutsu. Aikido focuses not on punching or kicking
opponents, but rather on using their own energy to gain control of
them or to throw them away from you. It is not a static art, but
places great emphasis on motion and the dynamics of movement.

Upon closer examination, practitioners will find from Aikido what they
are looking for, whether it is applicable self-defence technique,
spiritual enlightenment, physical health or peace of mind. O Sensei
emphasised the moral and spiritual aspects of this art, placing great
weight on the development of harmony and peace. "The Way of Harmony of
the Spirit" is one way that "Aikido" may be translated into English.
This is still true of Aikido today, although different styles
emphasise the more spiritual aspects to greater or lesser degrees.
Although the idea of a martial discipline striving for peace and
harmony may seem paradoxical, it is the most basic tenet of the art.

We could attempt to pigeonhole Aikido into a synopsis of X number of
words, but that would not do it justice, so we leave the practitioner
of Aikido to find out what Aikido is for themselves without any
preconceived notions.

1.2 What are the different styles in Aikido?

Aikido was originally developed by one man, O Sensei. Many students who
trained under O Sensei decided to spread their knowledge of Aikido by
opening their own dojos. Due, among other things, to the dynamic
nature of Aikido, different students of O Sensei interpreted his
Aikido in different ways. Thus different styles of Aikido were born.
The more common are listed here along with a brief explanation of what
is different about the style. Each style has its own strengths and
weaknesses, but all are firmly rooted in the basic concepts which make
Aikido the unique art that it is. None should be considered superior
or inferior to any other, but rather an individual must find a style
which best suits him or her. Outside factors such as geographic
location may of course limit one's options.

Aikikai          Also known as Hombu (which actually means headquarters). 
                 This is 'classical' Aikido as taught by the Ueshiba 
                 family. Today it is governed by the Aikikai Foundation
                 which is run by O Sensei's son, Doshu Kisshomaru Ueshiba.
                 There are several different organisations which teach
                 this style of Aikido such as USAF and ASU (in the United
                 States) and BAF (in the United Kingdom). 
Iwama            As taught in the town of Iwama by Morihiro Saito, a close 
                 student of O Sensei. Includes an emphasis on the 
                 relationship among taijutsu, ken and jo movements.  This
                 style of aikido reflects the art of the Founder as taught 
                 approximately between the years of 1946-1955 and the
                 number of techniques is more numerous than those presently
                 taught at the Aikikai Hombu Dojo.
Ki Society       Also known as Shin Shin Toitsu Aikido (Aikido with
                 Mind & Body Coordinated), founded in 1971 by Koichi 
                 Tohei a 10th dan student of O Sensei who, at O Sensei's 
                 request, brought Aikido to the  U.S. in 1953. Ki Society 
                 stresses the use of Ki not only in technique but in daily 
                 life to remain calm & relaxed in stressful situations.
Kokikai          A style founded by Shuji Maruyama Sensei.  It is a
                 particularly soft style that emphasizes 'minimum
                 effort for maximum effect.'
Tomiki           Tomiki Ryu Aikido was founded by Kenji Tomiki, a high
                 ranking judoka, whom Jigoro Kano (the founder of
                 Judo) sent to Ueshiba to learn Aikido.  The primary focus 
                 of Tomiki Aikido is kata (forms) that strive to teach and 
                 capture the fundamentals of Aikido. Tomiki deemphasized 
                 the concept and importance of ki, and instead decided to 
                 concentrate on the physiological side of Aikido. 
Yoshinkan        Places emphasis on the use of Aikido as a method
                 of self defence and less on the more esoteric and
                 philosophical elements.

1.3 Can Aikido be used for self-defence?

Yes, Aikido can be a very effective form of self-defence. However, it
can take considerable time and effort before Aikido (or any martial
art) can be used effectively in a self-defence situation.

1.4 Is Aikido better than karate/judo/any other martial art?

This is an extremely controversial question and has generated much
heated debate in forums such as the rec.martial-arts newsgroup (see
section 6 for more info on this newsgroup).

The answer to this question is very subjective - students of any
particular martial art tend to favour that one over any other
(otherwise they would probably be studying the other martial art).

There are many different but equally valid reasons for studying any
martial art, such as for self defence, for spiritual growth or
enlightenment, for general physical health, for self-confidence and
more. Different martial arts, and even different styles within a
particular martial art, emphasise different aspects.

Hence 'better' really depends on what it is you want out of a martial
art. Even given this distinction, it is still a very subjective
question so perhaps a better one would be 'Is Aikido better than any
other martial art *for me*?'

This can only be answered by the individual asking the question. The
rest of this FAQ may help you in some way towards finding that
answer.

An alternative way to answer this question is to simply say, 'No,
Aikido is not 'better' or 'worse' than any other martial art. It is
simply different.'

1.5 Does Aikido have competitions?
 
It is often said that Aikido does not have any competitions.  It is
true that the founder of Aikido (Morihei Ueshiba, or O Sensei) felt
that competition was incompatible with Aikido, but that does not mean
that everyone agrees.

One popular style, Tomiki Aikido, does have competition. It is not
however considered to be a fundamental part of the style. On the other
hand, the majority of Aikido schools do not have any competition.

Most Aikido training, even in schools with competitions, is of a
co-operative rather than antagonistic nature, with both thrower (nage)
and throwee (uke) working as partners and trying to optimise the
experience of the other.

This "working partnership" is also necessary to a) minimize the chance
of injury from practicing (potentially dangerous) aikido techniques,
and b) to develop both partners' capacity to "take ukemi" - to be
relaxed and able to take care of oneself when responding to "falling"
or being thrown in a martial situation.


                  Section 2 - Principles Of Aikido
                              ---oooo---

It is not possible to cover here, or perhaps even in any number of
books, all the principles of Aikido or even give great detail on what
is mentioned. The interested reader is directed to the bibliography
(section 7) for more information or for informed, respectful,
discussion, to the Aikido-L discussion list (section 5)

2.1 Ki

Aikido makes extensive use of the concept of ki. Aikido is one of the
more spiritual martial arts and has been referred to as 'moving zen'.
The name Aikido can be translated as 'the way of harmony of ki'.
Exactly what ki 'is' is a somewhat controversial issue. 

Some believe that the physical entity ki simply does not exist.
Instead, the spirit, the intention, the bio-physico-psychological
coordination through relaxation and awareness are concepts being used
in the teaching. These aikidoka sometimes tend to frown upon the
philosophical/spiritual aspect of ki.

Other aikidoka believe that ki does exist as a physical entity and can
be transmitted through space. They, on the other hand, make use of
concepts such as ki of the universe, extending ki etc. 

The fact of the matter is that there is a large portion of aikidoka who
are still, and no doubt will continue be, on their 'quest for ki'.
 
Without doubt, this has been the most difficult question to write any
kind of reasonably fair answer to. On the subject of the nature of ki,
perhaps more than in any other area of Aikido, the aikidoka must find
his or her own answer, whatever that may be. The last word on this
subject will be left to the Doshu, Kisshomaru Ueshiba, the son of O
Sensei:

    "We may hear students say that `It is a feeling of some kind of energy
coming forth from mind and body in harmony.' Or `It is a strange,
vital power which appears unexpectedly at times from an unknown
source.' Or `It is the sense of perfect timing and matched breathing
experienced in practising aikido.' Or `It is a spontaneous,
unconscious movement which refreshes mind and body after a good
workout,' and so forth.
	 
    Each answer is valid in the sense that it is a true reaction gained
through actual personal experience. And being a direct expression of a
felt condition, it contains a certitude that cannot be denied. If this
is so, the differences in responses is negligible, and the great
variety attests to not only the difficulty in precisely defining ki
but shows that the depth and breadth of ki defy coverage by a single
definition."
	                                       -- from "The Spirit of Aikido"

2.2 Entering (irimi)

Entering, or "irimi" is one of the basic techniques of aikido and is
closely related to "blending" with an attacker. At a basic level,
irimi is a movement which looks like a slidestep toward or into an
opponent's attack. Aikido thinks of most movement as being circular or
spiralling in nature; irimi brings a person "into" the circle of
movement, so that the energy of the attack can be directed along the
circular plane - much like catching a frisbee on your finger, letting
the circular energy 'spin' around the finger and then sending it on
its way in the same, or an alternate direction, with a minimum of
effort.

The concept of entering emphasises the importance of placing oneself
inside the "danger radius" of a partner's attack. Imagine a boxer's
punch. The punch has gathered most of its power and effectiveness at
or near the full extent of the boxer's arm. Beyond the reach of the
arm there is little danger or threat. Similarly, inside the full
extent of the arm the moving fist has developed very litte energy, and
again poses little or no threat. Several things may be substituted for
the boxer's punch: any strike with a hand, knife, sword or staff, for
example.

2.3 Ukemi

Ukemi may be described as the art of receiving a technique. The
practice of ukemi involves rolls and other breakfalls. Here are a few
reasons why we practice ukemi in Aikido, and why it is such an
important part of our Aikido training:
 
1. To stay safe.  That is, not only to avoid injury in that
confrontation, but to be aware of what is going on throughout the
whole confrontation (encounter) and therefore be able to find and
respond to openings and, perhaps, to escape.
 
2. To experience the throw.  Part of the learning process must be to
understand what the *other* side of the encounter is - what does it
feel like to be tied up in a particular technique?  Also, to observe
the other person's technique, particularly if nage is a senior student
or teacher. Being able to take ukemi means allowing the detachment
necessary to "observe" (with the body and mind).

2.a. To learn to listen with your body.  To throw well requires
sensitivity to your partner.  Often we are so caught up in the active
role of nage that we forget to be receptive to our partner and move in
a way that harmonizes with uke.  By being uke we get a chance to
emphasize the receptive aspects of body movement (though that is not
all there is to it).  Hopefully, by emphasizing receptivity half of
the time you improve your receptivity the other half of the time.
 
3. To assist your partner to learn.  Being a good uke means maintaining
the connection with nage, and allowing nage to experience that
connection and to really experience the technique.  Being a good uke
allows nage to perform the technique without worrying about uke being
injured.
 
4. To condition the body.  Taking good ukemi requires a lot of work;
much emphasis is placed on staying connected, staying flexible and
staying aware.

2.4 Atemi

Atemi, literally, means to strike the body. A simple explanation of
atemi is that they are strikes.  Some people insist on more rigorous
definitions such as only strikes to pressure points.  One purpose of
atemi is to distract your partner, so that they focus on your hand, or
their pain, rather than their grasp.  This can make it easier to move.
 In this context, you could regard atemi as a "ki disturbance".
 
Atemi, on some interpretations, need not be an actual strike, since
what matters is the effect on uke, that is, the upsetting of uke's
physical and psychological balance, facilitating the application of
technique. Some claim that the best way to ensure such unbalancing is
to deliver a real strike, especially where there is potential for
strong resistance.
 
Still others claim that atemi involves "projecting ki" toward uke, where
this involves something above and beyond merely provoking a sort of startle
reflex or response to the physical strike (or threat thereof).

Some feel atemi is important in the actual accomplishment of waza
rather than being independent waza in and of itself. This is a
personal feeling. This distinguishes aikido (in the opinion of some)
from striking arts where the atemi is the focus.

2.5 What does it mean to 'move off the line'?

The energy of any attack flows from one point to another, usually from
an attacker to his or her intended victim. The line that connects
these two points is called the line of attack. For example, the energy
in the boxer's punch flows (via his fist) outwardly from his body
towards his opponent. This is the line of attack. Once an attack is
committed, it is very difficult, if not impossible, to change the
course of the attack. (An excellent example of this is the flying kick
in Karate: once the attacker has left the ground, there is very little
that can be done to change the course of the attack.) To 'move off the
line' is to move off of the line of attack at or after the point at
which the attack is committed, into an area or zone of safety.

2.6 Center/hara/haragei

One's center is just that - the physical and martial-arts "middle" of
the body. Located in the abdomen ("hara"), it serves as the
source/focus of ki/energy and as one's balance point when executing
techniques. Try lifting something directly in front of you, then try
lifting the same object when it's off to one side - it's much easier
when it's "centered," right? Maintaining an awareness of (and
"connection" to) your and your training partner's centers makes just
that kind of difference in the ease and flow of aikido.

2.7 Extension

Just as it is important to "remain centered," it is important to
"extend" in aikido. Many techniques are facilitated by "extending ki"
or "extending energy" during their execution. Physically and
psychologically, this helps counter the tendency of many people to
contract and keep their arms and legs close to their bodies, because
aikido is generally practiced with large, sweeping movements.


                Section 3 - Dojo Etiquette & Dress
                              ---oooo---
                                   
NOTE: The precise etiquette and dress code followed at any given dojo
may vary from the general information given here. This derives from
the fact that O Sensei had a very long career, and his students who
went on to teach aikido and have students of their own learned from
him at different times, as well as incorporating their own ideas into
the forms observed in their dojo. When training at a new dojo, either
as a beginning student or when visiting fellow aikidoka elsewhere, be
sure to respect local traditions. If you are unsure of the required
etiquette, follow the lead of the more senior aikidoka present. Feel
free to ask if you haven't had a chance to observe them yourself.

For a general etiquette outline, refer to Kisshomaru Ueshiba's rules of
conduct, found in _Spirit of Aikido_. 
[May be reprinted here in the future]
	
3.1 What is the proper before-class ritual?

Basically this involves the students kneeling in one or more lines
parallel to the front of the dojo, or shomen. The sensei enters and
kneels. All present bow toward the shomen (where a picture of O Sensei
[or a piece of calligraphy representing the kanji for "ki" in the case
of Ki Society aikido] is traditionally on display). Then a further
bow, sensei to class and class to sensei. There may or may not be
clapping or words uttered.
	
3.2 Why do we bow and use Japanese at certain times during a class?

Many Aikidoka feel that it is important to maintain the traditions of
the art in order to preserve its integrity and also as a mark of
respect to both its founder and its history.

The extent to which these customs are adhered to depends on the dojo.
Some customs are almost universally observed: showing respect to your
teacher by bowing and saying "Onegai shimasu" [lit. "I make a
request"] before class and "Domo arigato gozaimashita (sensei)"
["Thank you very much (teacher)"] after class, as well as to your
training partner(s) (before and after each technique in some dojos,
only before and after class in others) is arguably the most important.
Some dojos insist on using the Japanese terms, others allow English
versions.

The bowing is meant as a mark of respect to O Sensei, the instructor or
your partner - it does not have any religious significance and is in
fact more akin to a handshake in Western society. It does not
symbolise worship of any sort.

Another reason for bowing is as a safety measure - a physical pause
that is used to put aside extraneous thoughts and consider the
limitations of your training partner (among other things).

3.3 Is talking permitted on the mat?

This depends on the policy of the dojo at which you train; some frown
on any talking on the mat at all, while others are quite permissive.
Generally, it is best if one observes the etiquette of the dojo they
are at, not the one that they usually train in. In no case should
anything other than the technique at hand be discussed, however. One
line of reasoning behind the no talking rule is to test the
observational skills needed by martial artists. Another is that while
in class one should concentrate exclusively on aikido and that talking
with others around you serves only to break that concentration.

3.4 What is the system of colored belts?

Traditionally, white belts are worn by all mudansha (kyu-ranked i.e.
below black belt) aikidoka, and black belts by yudansha (dan-ranked).
While some dojos adhere to this policy, others have adopted systems
involving the use of different-colored belts for mudansha, with each
color signifying one or two kyu ranks. There are naturally proponents
for each system.

3.5 What is a hakama and who wears it?

A hakama is the skirt-like pants that some aikidoka wear.  It is a
traditional piece of samurai clothing.  The standard gi worn in aikido
as well as in other martial arts such as Judo or Karate was originally
underclothes. Wearing it is part of the tradition of (some schools of)
aikido.
 
In many schools, only the black belts wear hakama, in others everyone
does. In some places women can start wearing it earlier than men
(generally modesty of women is the explanation - remember, a gi was
originally underwear).


            Section 4 - Miscellaneous Questions About Aikido
                               ---oooo---

4.1 Why are ancient weapons such as the bokken (wooden sword) used in
    Aikido?

A lot of aikido motions and footwork are based on weapons motions. The
bokken and jo allow aikidoka to practice a number of the physical
movements that are present in aikido taijitsu ("body" or weaponless
techniques).

Chiba Sensei says that we use weapons to learn (1) precision and (2)
economy of movement.  It is also important to note that much of aikido
derives from battlefield arts and much of the taisabaki (body
movements) come from kenjitsu.  Hence, we study the weapons forms to
better understand the empty-handed forms.

4.2 How do I find an Aikido dojo near me?

There are several options available to you (not listed in any
particular order):
- A list of dojo from around the world is available
  at the Aikido anonymous ftp site (Discussed in section 6.1).
  You should _definitely_ check here first before even dreaming of
  posting a request to the Aikido-L list. ;-)
- Check the Yellow Pages under Martial Arts or Karate
  (I  know, I know!)
- Ask fellow local martial artists 
- Ask at martial arts stores
- Ask at commercial dojos (it doesn't have to teach the art you
  wish to study)
- Ask at general fitness places, especially the YMCA.
- Ask at any universities or colleges about clubs or classes

  
4.3 How do I choose the best dojo?

The choice of a dojo is a very personal one. Everyone has their own 
path of learning, their own goals and expectations. The "best" dojo for
one person is likely not the same as the "best" dojo for the next person.
 
If one is lucky enough to live in an area that has several, visit all
of them. Get permission to watch some classes and observe how classes
are taught, and how the students and instrutors relate to each other.
Is there a sense of mutual respect? Is there tension and fear? Does
the atmosphere seem to promote growth? Most importantly, are you
comfortable there? Try to visit while the chief instructor is
teaching, but also try to get a feel for other people who may be
teaching.  See if the teacher appears to respect the students, and
that they respect him/her.

Talk to various students and ask their opinions meanwhile noting their
demeanor. A good sign is if either before or after a class which you
are observing, a senior student or instructor comes over and talks to
you. If you are ignored, it may not be the kind of dojo you are
looking for.

Remember, this is where you hope to be spending a fair amount of time,
and you want it to be a positive and rewarding experience. One final
question, also very important, is simply "Do I like this dojo and
these people?"

Beware of any dojo that tries to pressure you into a quick decision or
is averse to letting you watch a few classes.

While the chief instructor's rank may be somewhat important, be
wary of inflated qualifications.  Although an affiliation with a
national or international organization is no guarantee of quality
(and some teachers, such as Gaku Homma Sensei are not affiliated
at all), it can be a useful indication.  Promotions given by
non-affiliated dojos are not likely to be recognized anywhere else,
and this may well be a consideration.

Once a dojo has been selected, sign up and attend a beginner's session
and complete it, attending all of the classes. At the end of this
introductory period you should have a good sense of whether it is the
right place for you.

There is an informative posting which appears periodically in the
rec.arts.martial-arts newsgroup called _The Newbie Guide to Martial
Arts Training_. It is written by Jeff Pipkins and is well worth a
look. If you cannot find it in rec.martial-arts or have no access to
this newsgroup then copies may be requested from the author at the
following address: Pipkins@bangate.compaq.com. It is also be
available at the same ftp site as the rec.m-a FAQ (see section 6.3).

4.4 Is Steven Seagal really an aikidoka?  What is his rank?

Steven Seagal really is an Aikido instructor (or was, until his movie
career got in the way).  He has a rank of sixth dan and has run his
own dojo in both Japan and the United States.  Most of what you see in
the movies, however, is not Aikido as it is practised in the dojo. 
Some argue that it is not Aikido at all.

4.5 Does Aikido have punches or kicks? Or defences against these?

There are strikes in Aikido (see section 2.4 - Atemi), but they are
never more than supplementary to a particular technique: no technique
in Aikido ever has striking one's opponent as its aim. That said,
there are numerous counters to striking attacks (punches, thrusts,
roundhouses, etc.) delivered by others. Kicks are not often used in
Aikido, and although specific responses exist, they are not often
practiced. Most of the strikes and kicks have been toned down, but
they are still there. Aikido, while it can be studied simply as an
array of effective techniques, should not be thought of as limited in
this way. Even if you've never studied a specific response to being
attacked by a three-legged, five-armed alien, Aikido should enable you
to defend yourself even in novel situations.

4.6 What is the unbendable arm and what is its value?

Variously described as an impressive display of the power of ki, all
the way down to a simple parlor trick, the unbendable arm is a
demonstration wherein the demonstrator extends his arm and challenges
others to bend it. Simple. Ostensibly by "extending ki" through his
arm, the demonstrator can make it impossible for anyone to bend it.
Its value depends on the viewer.


      Section 5 - The Aikido-L Internet Discussion Group
                             ---oooo---

5.1 What is the Aikido-L discussion group?

This is a discussion list for anyone interested in the Japanese martial
art of Aikido.  It is a public, open list that welcomes novices and
the curious as well as seasoned instructors.

If you need more information than is given here you should contact the
list owner, Gerry Santoro at gms@psuvm (bitnet) or gms@psuvm.psu.edu
(internet).

5.2 How do I subscribe?

The easiest way to subscribe is to send electronic mail to the address
LISTSERV@PSUVM.PSU.EDU (Internet) or LISTSERV@PSUVM (Bitnet).  The
subject line is ignored. In the body of the message, put the LISTSERV
command you want to issue.
 
To subscribe, use the SUBSCRIBE command.  For example, if Alfred E.
Neuman wanted to subscribe, he would send the following:
 
     SUBSCRIBE AIKIDO-L Alfred E. Neuman
 
Once subscribed you will start getting a lot of electronic mail from
Aikido-L.  

5.3 How do I unsubscribe?

Send an electronic mail message with the line 'unsubscribe aikido-l' in
the message _body_ to the address LISTSERV@PSUVM.PSU.EDU (Internet) or
LISTSERV@PSUVM (Bitnet).

Note: Do *_NOT_* send unsubscribe or other commands to the Aikido-L
list. Commands can only be processed if they are sent to the LISTSERV.

5.4 How do I post messages to Aikido-L?

You post by sending electronic mail to either Aikido-L@PSUVM.PSU.EDU
(Internet) or Aikido-L@PSUVM (Bitnet).

5.5 How do I find out about LISTSERV commands?

Send the HELP command to the LISTSERV (As discussed in 5.1).

5.6 Why did I get dropped from the list?

LISTSERV conferences are based on electronic mail.  There are dozens of
networks with hundreds of mailer programs and gateways.  Occasionally
something goes wrong and Aikido-L cannot send mail to a particular
person.  When that happens the conference owner (GMS@PSUVM.PSU.EDU)
gets hundreds of error reports and the conference can hang until
something is done.
 
When this happens the only option is to delete the person whose mail
address is causing the problem.
 
If this happens to you please understand that it was done for technical
reasons and we encourage you to resubscribe once your mailer is again
working.  Nobody has ever been intentionally dropped from Aikido-L
except for this reason.

5.7 What kind of etiquette is required when taking part in discussions on the
    list? 
    
We do ask that participation in AIKIDO-L adhere to common courtesy and
mutual respect.  Share information and opinions but please avoid
flaming and "my style is better than your style" types of postings.
Practice the same etiquette you would employ if you were in the dojo.

We do ask you to try to adhere to the following guidelines:

Me toos:
In those cases where people simply want to say "Me too!" to a previous
post, whether in agreement with a point well-made or to ask for a copy
of requested info, please use an editor to strip away unnecessary
text. In addition, send the "Me too!" to the original poster, not the
list.

Quoting text:
Please try and edit quoted text down even when you have substantive
comments, as most of us who read what you have to say will have read
the previous entries in the thread as well. On the other hand please
*do* include *some* minimal text to give the rest of us a clue as to
what you mean by an otherwise cryptic post consisting solely of: "Yes,
but only with nikkyo, never sankyo" (or whatever). The subject heading
is seldom not enough to understand.

Directing replies:
Remember to direct your replies appropriately. Most of us have made the
mistake of sending to the list something intended as a direct reply,
but please take a moment to check that a direct response is being sent
where you want it to go. Most mailers will send replies back to the
list if you simply "reply" to a posting without intervening to change
the recipient address.

Updating subjects:
Long lasting subject titles are no longer relevant after a while
because the actual content has drifted into something entirely
different. A subject title like this is a suggestion: Subject:
new_subject was Re: old_subject

AIKIDO-L will be unmoderated. However, the list owner reserves the
right to exclude (i.e. unsubscribe) any person who violates the spirit
of mutual respect.


           Section 6 - Other Internet On-line Resources
                              ---oooo---

NOTE: Many of the resources listed here are available on the World Wide
Web using client software such as NCSA Mosaic which is available free
via anonymous FTP from ftp.ncsa.uiuc.edu. Currently it is available
for Macintosh, Windows and X Windows systems.

The World Wide Web provides a hypertext interactive environment and
makes it much easier to access and use these resources. Besides, its a
lot more fun.

The Universal Resource Locators (URLs) (a method of accessing a
specific resource on the World Wide Web) which are known to the author
for the following resources are given in square brackets at the end of
each subsection.

6.1 Aikido Anonymous FTP Site

Aikido dojo lists and other aikido information is archived at
cs.ucsd.edu (132.239.51.3) for retrieval via anonymous FTP and
email in directory pub/aikido.

There are two ways to obtain files from the archives: (1) anonymous FTP
or (2) e-mail.

(1) Obtaining files via anonymous FTP

  % ftp cs.ucsd.edu
  User: anonymous
  Password: joe@cs.podunk.edu  <- PUT YOUR EMAIL ADDRESS HERE INSTEAD
  ftp> cd pub/aikido
  ftp> binary
  ftp> get aikido-North-America.Z
  ftp> quit
  %

Use the "uncompress" command (or gunzip) to change the file into a 
readable format:

  % uncompress aikido-North-America.Z

For those without access to uncompress or gunzip, request the file _without_ th
e
.Z extension i.e. type 'get aikido-North-America'.

Your domain must have a working nameserver in order to use anonymous
FTP at cs.ucsd.edu, otherwise FTP access will be denied if the
IP address for your site cannot be resolved to a hostname.  (Contact 
your local system/network administrator.)  To obtain files, you may use 
an FTP mailer (ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com or bitftp@pucc.princeton.edu) as
described below.

(2) Obtaining files via e-mail

This method works for people who do not have direct access to the 
Internet.  It involves sending FTP commands to an FTP mailer, which
will send acknowledgement of your request, and then execute the commands.
Two primary FTP mailers are ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com and 
bitftp@pucc.princeton.edu.

  % mail ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com         (or bitftp@pucc.princeton.edu)
  connect cs.ucsd.edu
  ascii
  chdir /pub/aikido
  get aikido-North-America
  quit
  %

(For more info on FTP mailer usage, send the message HELP to the
mailer.) The requested file is sent back via email.  If the file is
large, the mailer will break up the file into smaller parts.

Dojo updates, new dojo listings, and information about aikido seminars
and camps are welcomed!  Please send e-mail to: aikido@cs.ucsd.edu

[ftp://cs.ucsd.edu/pub/aikido/]

6.2 Eric Sotnak's Aikido Primer

An excellent introduction to Aikido, this primer is available in text
format from the Aikido anonymous ftp site (Discussed in 6.1). Copies
are also available in postscript format on request from the author at
<sotnak@icsun.sunnet.ithaca.edu>

[http://www-cse.ucsd.edu/users/paloma/primer.l.html]

6.3 rec.martial-arts

rec.martial-arts is an unmoderated USENET newsgroup which discusses
issues related to many different martial arts, including Aikido.

6.4 Brad Appleton's Stretching Guide

Brad Appleton's stretching faq is a very good guide to stretching. It
gives information on the biomechanics of stretching, the types of
stretches and some suggested stretches.  It also has references for
other books on stretching. It is available in ascii, postscript, and
dvi format. It is available via anonymous FTP from cs.huji.ac.il in
the directory pub/doc/faq/rec/martial.arts. The file name is
stretching.FORMAT.gz, where FORMAT is one of ascii, ps or dvi
depending on the format you want.

[http://archie.ac.il:8001/papers/rma/stretching.html]

6.5 Martial Arts FAQ

A more general FAQ dealing with introductory issues for the
rec.martial-arts newsgroup. This FAQ is not intended to be a Martial
Arts Bible, but to give some help to those that are looking for a
place to start, or those more experienced that would like to know more
about some different style, have a particular doubt, etc.

It is posted periodically to rec.martial-arts and is also available by
anonymous FTP from cs.huji.ac.il (132.65.16.10) in the directory
/pub/doc/faq/rec/martial-arts. The file name is FAQ-rma.gz.

[http://archie.ac.il:8001/papers/rma/FAQ-rma.html]

6.6 Sword Arts FAQ

This FAQ is intended to cover all aspects of Japanese swordsmanship. It
is periodically posted to rec.martial-arts and rec.sports.fencing. It
is also available by anonymous FTP from cs.huji.ac.il (132.65.16.10)
in the directory /pub/doc/faq/rec/martial-arts. The file name is
sword.art.faq.gz.

[http://archie.ac.il:8001/papers/rma/sword.art.faq]


                   Section 7 - Glossary of Terms
                             ---oooo---
                                    
The following is a short list of some of the Japanese terms you will
find in Aikido, and in particular used in the Aikido-L discussion
list. For a more detailed glossary, please refer to the Aikido Primer
(discussed in section 6.2).

Ai              Harmony or unification
Aiki            Blending or harmonising of ki
Aikido          The way of harmony with ki
Aikidoka        Aikido practitioner
Atemi           Strike (often to a vital point)
Bo              Wooden staff about 6 feet in length
Bokken          Wooden practice sword
Dan             Black belt rank
Do              Way or path
Dojo            Training area (lit. the way place)
Doshu           Grandmaster
Fukushidoin     Certified junior instructor     
Gaeshi (kaeshi) Outward turning movement or counter
Gi              Cotton uniform worn by practitioners of many martial arts
Hakama          Traditional pleated skirt-like trousers
Hanmi           Stance. Posture
Irimi           Entering movement
Jo              Wooden staff about 4.5 feet in length
Kamiza          Seat of honor
Kata            A form or sequence of predetermined techniques
Keikogi         More formal name for a gi (see above)
Ki              Vital force. Energy. Spirit
Kiai            A loud yell, or sound, projected from one's center 
                during an attack
Kohai           One's junior
Kokyu           Breath
Kyu             Any rank below black belt
Maai            Proper safety or combat distance maintained between uke
                and nage
Mudansha        A kyu-ranked person
Nage            1. Throw. 2. Performer of technique 3. The thrower
Nidan           Second dan
Obi             Belt
O Sensei        Honorific for Aikido's founder, Morihei Ueshiba
Omote           Forward movement; Front of the body
Rei             Bow
Sabaki          Movement
Sandan          Third dan
Seiza           Formal sitting posture (legs folded under yourself, 
                sitting on knees)
Sempai          One's senior
Sensei          Teacher
Shidoin         Certified senior instructor
Shihan          Master instructor; Exemplary teacher; a technical
                rank, issued by World HQ 
Shikko          Knee walking
Shodan          First dan (lit. beginning dan)
Shomen          Front
Suburi          Sword cut (often preformed repeatedly)
Suwari          Seated
Taijitsu        Body or weaponless techniques
Taisabaki       Body movements
Tanto           Knife
Tenkan          Turning movement
Tori            Performer of technique. Another name for nage.
Uchi-deshi      Resident apprentice
Uke             Receiver of technique
Ukemi           The art of receiving technique
Undo            Exercise or drill
Ura             Backward movement; Rear of the body
Ushiro          Behind. To The rear.
Waza            Technique
Yoko            Side
Yudansha        A dan-ranked person
Zanshin         Awareness

 
                       Section 8 - Bibliography
                               ---oooo---

The following is a short list of books on introductory and general
aspects of Aikido. This is certainly not an exhaustive list and is
meant only as a guide. In the near future we hope to be able to direct
the interested reader to a far more detailed bibliography, which is
currently being compiled.

_Aikido_ by Kisshomaru Ueshiba
_Aikido and the Dynamic Sphere_ by Westbrook & Ratti
_Aikido for Beginners_ by Larry Reynosa
_Aikido for Life_ by Gaku Homma
_Budo_ by Morihei Ueshiba
_Dynamic Aikido_ by Gozo Shioda
_Principles of Aikido_ by Mitsugi Saotome
_Traditional Aikido_ by Morihiro Saito
_The Spirit of Aikido_ by Kisshomaru Ueshiba


                       Section 9 - Periodicals
                               ---oooo---

There are currently (to my knowledge) 2 magazines devoted to Aikido.
Note that many dojos and/or associations also produce their own
newsletters.

Aiki News (Edited by Stanley A. Pranin)
"Aikido and Daito-ryu Aikijujutsu"
  $25/year (4 issues)
  (Canada & Mexico, US $30; Foreign surface mail - US $35)
  US$ checks drawn on US banks only; money orders, eurocheques,
  cheques bancaires accepted.  Checks payable to:
	Aiki News
	Tamagawa Gakuen 5-11-25-204
	Machida-shi, Tokyo-to 194
	Japan
  Phone orders (AMEX, Visa, MasterCard accepted):
	1-800-877-2693 (US)
	514-436-9686 (outside US)
	81-427-24-9119 (Japan, phone and FAX)


Aikido Today Magazine (Edited by Susan Perry)
"A Non-partisan Journal of the Art of Aikido"
  $22.50/year (6 issues)
  (Outside US, $27/year, checks drawn on a US bank)
  Checks payable to:
        Arete' Press
       	1420 N. Claremont Blvd. #111B
       	Claremont, CA  91711
  Phone orders (VISA or MasterCard):  (714) 624-7770

[This information courtesy of the Aikido ftp site at UCSD]


                 Section 10 - Equipment Suppliers
                             ---oooo---

Note: Inclusion of company information here in no way implies the
endorsement of that company by either the author or any of the
contributors to this list. It is provided for information only.

There is a file maintained at the aikido Anonymous FTP site (see
section 6.1) which lists various suppliers in the United States, Japan
and other areas.

            Section 11 - Suggestions & Acknowledgements
                              ---oooo---

In the course of preparing this FAQ there have been several excellent
suggestions for interesting and useful information which could be
included. However, I felt that this document was already long enough
and that these items really belonged elsewhere. 

So if anyone is willing to have a go at putting any or all of the
following documents together, please feel free! Please let me know who
you are and what you're doing and I'll note it in the FAQ so others
don't duplicate your efforts. Suggestions for other documents also
welcome.

Suggestions

* A comprehensive Aikido bibliography
* Short biographies of the uchi-deshi of O Sensei

Thanks

This FAQ would not have been possible without the willingness of the
members of the Aikido-L discussion group to share their knowledge with
others. The following people were particularly helpful and
continuously responded to my pleas for help and remained patient with
me throughout:

Mike Burke         <rocomai@sugar.neosoft.com>
Rick Clark         <pmclark@scifac.indstate.edu>
Michael Denton     <jmd1@ra.msstate.edu>
Kent Enfield       <kenfield@hmcvax.ac.hmc.edu>
Paul Findley       <paf@ioc.co.uk>
Jeff Frane         <gummitch@techbook.com>
Charles Gervais    <cgervais@uoguelph.ca>
Phil Gullion       <ppg@athena.uhc.uvm.edu>
Michael Hirsch     <hirsch@mathcs.emory.edu>
Minhhuy Ho         <homh@qucdn.queensu.ca>
Dave Huang         <eaog055@orion.oac.uci.edu>
Chris Jones        <jonesc@cshl.org>
Kevin Jones        <kdj@netcom.com>
Carlisle Landel    <landel@medsci.udel.edu>
Andrew E Laska     <laska@utdallas.edu>
John Murray        <murray@vs6.scri.fsu.edu>
Cindy Paloma       <aikido@cs.ucsd.edu>
C. Hobart Perry    <perry007@maroon.tc.umn.edu>
Terry Roberts      <roberts@atqm.advtech.uswest.com>
Gerry Santoro      <gms@psuvm.psu.edu>
Eric Sotnak        <sotnak@icsun.sunnet.ithaca.edu>
Bob Truel          <truel@cs.indiana.edu>
Bill Upton-Knittle <eiw8buk@mvs.oac.ucla.edu>
Steve Zimmerman    <stevezim@crl.com>

Domo arigato gozaimashita!
