Archive-name: Bondage/e-pt-1-8.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Meeting, The


    It was 10 minutes to 8........I was early as usual.  I lit another
cigarette, chain smoking in my nervousness.  The meeting was set for 8
o'clock and I had been warned not to be late.  I sat in my car to gather my
courage and finally decided to enter the hotel. I fixed my leather dress,
checked my hair and slowly walked up to the entrance.. God, I was so
nervous.  Walking in heels has never been my forte, and now, I was so
nervous, I was sure I was going to break an ankle...That would be awfully
swift of me-- but I didn't get the nickname Inspector Klutzo for
nothing...<grin>, so I walked very slowly as I thought about the events
leading up to the meeting.
    The phone call had come a week ago...I recognized the voice instantly
though it had been 6 years since we had last spoken.  S. asked me how I was
and after some brief catching up, put a proposal to me. "E. --I would not
ask this of you if it were not important, however, it is , and you are the
only woman for the job..."   The tone of S.'s voice told me that this was no
ordinary job, I imagined it as another clandestine fact finding
mission...the thought brought a smile to my lips...so long had it been since
this type of excitement was a part of my life.  "There are some people
coming to DC..very important people. and they need to be entertained in a
rather unusual sort of way..I think you can fit this role, and I need some
information. Will you still obey an order directly?"  His last comment
conveyed a smirk over the phone lines, I could still see his expression
clearly-arrogant and ruggedly handsome, his voice still had the power to
bring me to my knees, both figuratively and literally.  "S.--yes, I can
still obey an order and you are a bastard, Sir."  "I take it to mean you are
agreeing to this, shall we say, assignment?" "Yes,I am agreeing, I trust you
and trust that I will be safe."  "Good,then here are the details......"
    I entered the elevator adjusting the chains on the front of my dress. 
It was a leather mini dress, sleeveless with shoulder pads, four gold chains
connecting the front which was slit to the navel, and four gold chains
resting in a half moon on my back.  It was a one of a kind and I looked hot
in it.  Around my neck I wore a thick gold choker, on each wrist a matching
bracelet, and one on my left ankle.  I wore black four inch heels- high for
me and felt as though I were perched precariously on them.  My long dark
curly hair hung to my waist now...pity S. wouldn't see this...I thought, or
would he?   I thought again of the descriptions he had given me.
    There were to be three men.  All in their late thirties, early forties. 
He described A. as 6'2" tall, 210 pounds of muscle, dark brown wavy hair,
olive skinned, clean shaven and piercing emerald green eyes.  A. spoke with
an accent which I should be able to identify. He described J. as about 6'2"
tall, 190 pounds, all muscle, red hair and blue eyes, with a full beard,
fair but tanned skin.  I should expect J. to be quite gruff.  He described
R. as 6'4" tall , 250 pounds, all muscle, coal black skin and a close
cropped afro, and piercing blue eyes...The pictures in my mind made my knees
weak. I was told that this would indeed be a business meeting, and that I
was to quickly obey all orders, that they would require me to tend to all
their needs and would probably ask my opinion on various matters. It was
stressed that I behave in a manner that would make S. proud--a tall order
this...as I knew having served S. over a four year period.
    I exited the elevator on the 23 floor and walked quickly to room 2355. 
It was exactly 8 as I knocked on the door.  A. opened the door and I felt
shaky as I entered the room.  Even with my 4 inch heels, I was only 5'7"
tall and was considerably intimidated by the size of these men.  For just
one moment, I began to doubt the wiseness of my decision to go through with
this.  "Welcome, E., S. has told us much about you...and he has not lied,
you are exquisite" said A.  I blushed crimson at the compliment and thanked
him.  I entered the room and was led to the center, facing the three men who
were seated around the table.  "I, as you no doubt already know, am A.  and
this is J., and this is R. " I said hello to all, almost stammering in my
greeting.  By this point, I was genuinely frightened.  They all looked at me
with such intensity, as though they had been starved for female company for
a long time.  "Turn for us, E. and let us get a better look at you" A.
commanded.  I attempted to turn slowly and gracefully, but could feel myself
begin to trip.  However, I did not fall and completed the turn, my face
burning, my thighs slightly parted and my pussy beginning to get wet.  "Ah,
she is quite a beauty, isn't she men?" R. asked and all nodded in assent.
"Look how well she blushes in our gaze, and she has not even been touched
yet.  I would bet she is already wet and open.  Are you not, E.?" R. said. 
I turned a darker shade of crimson and could feel the rush of wetness
between my thighs.  My throat was parched, I could not answer.  I could not
even raise my head to look at their faces. I heard someone rise and walk
over to me.  R. grasped my chin roughly and raised my face to look at him. 
I tried to turn away, I did not want him to see the surrender in my eyes,
not yet.  It was still too soon.  But my submissive nature had betrayed me,
my body was obviously open, as well as my soul.  "Look at me" he commanded
and I looked into those ice blue eyes, shuddering as I did.  "You will
answer us when we ask you a question.  You will do so quickly and without
thought unless told to think.  We want your immediate response, and we will
know if you lie-- your body betrays you, illustrates your true desires.  You
will call all of us either Master or Sir for your time here.  Do not cause
me to become angry, I have not the time to tame you, to coax you into
submission.  You will submit now, because S. assured us of that, because he
bade you do so.  Should you become difficult, rest assured, you will be
punished, and severely. Am I understood?" "Yes,.......Sir"  I forced out.
Something in me rebelled at the intensity of his desire to control.  Yet I
knew that I would submit, craved submission to these three gods who were
men. "I am glad I am understood.." R. smiled.  He slid his hand between my
thighs and scooped up some of my juices.  He brought his fingers to my lips
and commanded me to taste myself, to realize my excitement, to accept my
submission.  I moaned as I sucked his fingers dry, inhaling deeply the musky
scent of my desire.  "She is quite a slut, isn't she?" said J.  The heat of
my blush rose to my cheeks. "E., come here and let me touch you." J.
commanded.  I walked shakily over to him and spread my legs a bit (as much
as the dress would allow) to let him slip his large hand between my thighs. 
He stroked my clit slowly, watching my face to see my reaction, listening to
my moans, he slid two fingers inside me, deeply and I moaned loudly as my
knees buckled and I nearly fell to the floor...were it not that A. reached
to steady me, I would have fallen.  "See how easily she succumbs to her own
pleasure...E. remove your dress." A. said. I slowly took of my dress and
stood before them in thigh high stockings and heels, collar and bracelets. 
My nipples were hard and aching. A. reached up and pinched a nipple, first
gently, then increasing pressure until the pain registered on my face and I
began to moan, continuing until he saw I could no longer bear it and then
stopping abruptly and letting go.  I gasped as he did, not sure whether it
was relief or disappointment that made me gasp.  "S. was right of course,
when he told us these nipples should have been pierced long ago.  However,
that is not our prerogative. more's the pity.  Kneel, E."  R. commanded.  I
kneeled down, my knees spread wide so my pussy was open, my arms up behind
my back, my head lowered, in true slave girl fashion... "Look up at us, E.
That's good.  We want to see your face...Now, we have business to attend to. 
We will order a meal and you will stay on your knees until required to
serve us.  Understood?" "Yes, Sirs." I moaned as I realized that they would
not allow me to dress when the room service waiter arrived.  He too would be
witness to my humiliation.
     As she kneeled there, in full view of the door, E.'s mind wandered to
the first time she had kneeled before her Master...S.  She felt the blush
rise to her cheeks, her nipples harden, and her pussy grow more and more
moist.  The men were at the table talking business.  E. did not pay much
attention to them, but rather, lost herself in revery.  She started when the
knock came on the door.  "Room service, sirs" came the voice from the other
side.  "Enter" said R.  The door opened revealing a young man, about 19,
dressed in typical hotel fashion.  E. could not see his face, as she did not
dare raise her head for fear he would meet her gaze.  Her embarrassment was
quite apparent on her face and body, as was her arousal.  The young man
wheeled the tray into the room.  He gasped as he noticed E., kneeling naked
but for heels and jewelry on the floor next to the table. The three men
smiled at his reaction.  "She is quite beautiful, is she not?" R. asked. 
"Uh, um, yyyes, ssssir" the young waiter stammered. "Would you like to touch
her?" J. asked.  The young man hesitated and then said he would be fired,
and quickly fled the room.  All three men erupted into laughter as the young
waiter fled. E. was incredibly embarrassed.  Her shame burned on her face. 
"I would have given anything for a camera to record that boy's expression"
A. said.  The other men nodded in agreement and then turned to their meal. 
"E. serve us the wine and food." R. commanded.  E. rose slowly and then
began to pour the wine.  Each glass she poured was offered from kneeling
position, to each man, after she had embraced the glass, in true slave girl
fashion.  She rose slowly and placed each man's plate before him and when
she was finished, she returned to kneel by the table.  "Nicely done, E.  It
seems you do remember some of your training." R. said as he reached over and
stroked her hair. She shuddered at his touch, a whimper escaping her lips. 
She was so hot, so open, wanted so badly to be touched by one of them.  "Ah,
she is a responsive little bitch, isn't she?" R commented.
     When the men had finished their meal, and their business, they moved to
sit in the living area.  R and J sat on the couch and A sat in one of the
chairs.  "E., come here and kneel in front of me" R. said.  E. rose and
slowly walked to R. and then kneeled in front of the couch.  "And now for
the entertainment" R. said.  E.'s nipples were still hard, her pussy
dripping wet.  She was frightened of the intensity of her passion.  R. began
to stroke E.'s breasts, lightly at first, and then increasing the pressure
and tension.  He gripped E's left nipple between thumb and forefinger and
began to pull it up and outward while twisting it slightly.  E. gasped, and
then as he pulled harder, moaned, and then as he pulled hard still, the pain
became evident on her face.  He stopped and E was shaking.  "Look at me" R.
commanded as he moved closer to her.  He watched her face as he ran his hand
between her legs.  She opened her legs wider to accommodate him, moaning
steadily as she did, the desire fully evident on her face as he gazed deeply
into her eyes.  The other men gathered around her to watch.  "She looks
tortured, doesn't she?" R. said and the men agreed.  "E.-- What is it that
you want?" R asked.  E.'s breath caught in her throat, she gasped and then
moaned.  R. grabbed her roughly by the neck and repeated his question. 
"I...I want ...I want to suck your cock, Sir." E. whispered.  "Louder, E. we
all couldn't hear you" R commanded.  "I want to suck your cock, Sir." E.
repeated louder, her cheeks turning crimson again, the juices rushing from
her pussy, her nipples tightening.  "Unzip my pants" R. commanded. E.
carefully unzipped R.'s pants and removed them slowly.  Her eyes glazed as
they caught sight of his incredible hard black cock.  She unconsciously
licked her lips, which caused the men to laugh.  "You do want it badly,
don't you, slave bitch?" R. asked.  "Yes, Sir" E. replied.
     "Then suck it, you've earned that much at least." R. said. E. lowered
her mouth to his gorgeous cock.  She slowly engulfed the head of his cock
with her lips and began to lick it.  She could taste the precum that had
collected there, and moaned as she inhaled his musky scent.  She sucked him
in deeper into her throat.  She could not swallow all of him, but took all
but about 2 inches of his cock into her throat.  She began to suck him, long
deep strokes, moaning around his cock as she did.  She loved to suck cock
more than almost anything.  Loved the taste, the smell of cock.  Her pussy
was on fire, so close was she to cumming just from the taste of him, the
feel of him in her throat, her mouth.  "She's quite an accomplished little
cocksucker, isn't she R.?" A. commented.  R. just moaned as she took him in
deeper into her throat, sucking a bit faster now, full strokes, her tongue
running around the shaft as she sucked.  R.'s hands were buried in her
thick, dark hair, guiding her head up and down on his cock.  She could feel
his cock stiffen further and knew he was about to come.  Her sucking became
more frenzied, she wanted to swallow his come, to taste it, so badly.  Just
as she sensed he was about to come, he pulled her head from his cock. E.
moaned, whimpered.  He could see the wild expression in her eyes. "Beg me,
E. beg for my cum" R. said.  All E. could do was moan. R. grabbed her
roughly by the hair. "You want it bitch? You'll have to beg or I'll shoot it
all over your face."  "Please," E moaned, "please, let me drink your cum,
please , Sir, PLEEEEASE".  R. pushed her head back down onto his cock.  E.
sucked him wildly, her head bobbing up and down furiously on his cock,
feeling him swell, until he came - the first few spurts deep in her throat,
the rest in her mouth.  She moaned as she came, her body shaking, the waves
of her orgasm rushing through her, as she savored the taste of his sweet cum
in her mouth, on her lips and tongue.  R. moaned and then lay back on the
couch.  "She came without being touched, just from the taste of your cum."
J. noted.  "She will prove to be quite interesting in the next few hours."
A. agreed.  R. leaned down and gathered E. into his arms.  He held her
tightly to him and kissed her deeply, tasting himself in her mouth.  He
moved her hair aside and whispered in her ear, "God, woman, you are
incredible" and then bit and sucked the spot behind her ear as she writhed
in his arms, the white hot chills rushing through her body as he marked her.
   "Though E. appears to be a delightful cocksucker, I want her luscious
pussy" J. commented as he began to remove his clothing.  His cock was
already hard and oozing precum.  J. moved to stand right in front of E.'s
face.  She could clearly see the drops of precum glistening on his cock. 
She licked her lips as she let out a small whimper. Though she had just
swallowed R's cum, she so badly wanted to taste J.  J. smiled down at her.
"What do you want E.?  Tell me." J. said as E. flushed scarlet, and her
breathing quickened.  "I...I ...want to taste your cock, Sir, .....just for
a minute?" E. moaned.  J. laughed and drew her head to his hard cock.  She
licked the precum from the head and shaft and then took him deeply into her
throat, moaning as she felt her juices start to flow again.  Her clit was
throbbing, so hot did it make her to taste him.  J.'s taste mixed with R.'s
in her mouth.  Abruptly, he pulled her head from him and ordered her onto
her hands and knees.  He slowly put the head of his cock into her dripping
pussy and then pulled it out and began to rub it back and forth over her
slit.  E. was whimpering, trying to get J. to put his cock deep inside her. 
"Beg me, E., and do not call me Sir, call me Master." J. commanded.  E.
could only moan. Not since S. had she called a man Master.  Sir she could
deal with but Master implied a serious commitment.  She wanted to be fucked
so badly, and she knew she should not disobey but she could not bring
herself to call him Master.  His slap on her ass rang out in the room.  E.
shrieked and tried to move away as his hand came down again on her ass, hard
and swiftly, he spanked her ten times.  She kept still for the last 7 blows,
knowing it was of no use to try to get away, her body on fire, every nerve
ending feeling the white heat of his touch.  He pulled her up and half
dragged her to the mirror. The other men followed.  "Look at the marks on
your ass, the hand prints I have left there." J. said.  E. looked at the
marks and moaned, her knees buckling, her head spinning, so intoxicated the
sight made her.  He ordered her down to her hands and knees.  They were
facing the mirror, she could see herself, and him behind her.  "Now, E. beg
your Master to fuck you." J. commanded.  E. hesitated only for a second and
then began to plead with him....."Please, please, fuck me, please fuck
me.....MASTER" she wailed.  He plunged his cock deep into her cunt.  She
moaned as she rocked back onto his hard staff. He began to fuck her with
deep hard strokes, pulling her back by her long thick hair, so her back was
arched.  She bucked against him, moaning wildly.  She could feel her orgasm
building, the energy rising through her body.  She begged him to stroke
faster, harder and just as she was about to cum, he bit the back of her
neck, sending her over the edge, screaming, tears streaming down her face
with the intensity of her own orgasm.  She came quickly again as she felt
him cum deep inside her, her pussy pulsating and milking his cock. He
moaned, a deep moan starting from his toes and moving through his body out
his mouth, so he sound like some wild beast in the jungle shouting his
battle cry, proclaiming his ownership over this bitch in heat.
     J. slowly withdrew from E.'s pussy and turned her to kiss him. The kiss
was deep, intense, bruising her lips.  She shuddered against him.  "We ought
to applaud that performance, J." A. teased.  "You are quite a beast -- but
now, its my turn, and I thank you for leaving me one as yet unopened
orifice"  E. kneeled on the floor, still shaking. A. quickly stripped off
his clothing.  His hard cock in her face. "You will not taste me before I
take your ass.  Afterwards, when I have cleaned up, then you will taste me. 
Is that understood?" "Yes, Sir" E. answered quietly.  "You may call me Sir
now, but by the time I am finished with your ass, you will be moaning
Master" R. handed A. the container of lubricant and A. slowly stroked it
onto his now rock hard cock.  He gently began to work the lubricant into E's
asshole, first one finger, then with two.  E. moaned as he did this and
pushed back onto his fingers.  She could feel the burning heat race through
her body.  A. slowly pushed his cock deep into her asshole.  He moaned as he
entered her.  E. let out a long deep growl and pushed back farther onto his
cock until he was buried completely inside her.  He began to fuck her ass,
slowly with long deep strokes as she moaned beneath him.  He moved one hand
under her and began to run his fingers around her clit.  She gasped and
pushed harder back onto his cock, feeling the fire, the intensity that could
not be equalled by any other act.  She heard her disembodied voice from
somewhere in the distance "Please, Master, please, fuck my ass harder,
faster, more, please, its so hot, god, its so hot, more.....anything, just
give me more...I beg you, Master." A. began to fuck her ass harder, faster,
plunging deep into her ass as she met every stroke.  She no longer moaned
but rather produced one steady deep cry as she began to shudder as her body
began to take control as she began to cum again, again the tears flowed down
her cheeks. A. plunged harder and faster into her ass, slapping her ass as
he fucked her, his fingers digging into her ass cheeks and the flesh of her
outer thighs.  When he came, he screamed as he shot his cum deep into her
ass.
    A. collapsed on top of her. Both of them breathing in gasps for a few
minutes and when their breathing returned to normal, he slowly withdrew from
her hot tight ass.  R. handed him a warm damp towel and he cleaned his cock
off gently.  "Thank me, and kiss my cock in gratitude." A. commanded.  E.
used her talented mouth and tongue on his cock, to thank him properly, with
a passion even R. had not seen.  He pulled her head from him and she bent
her head to his feet. A. lifted her up and kissed her deeply, gently,
cradling her chin in his hand.
    "Now that she is open, we can all enjoy her.  But first, let us drink to
this night and a profitable future." R. said as he poured champagne for all. 
E. did not expect a glass, and it was not her place to ask; however, R.
handed her a glass.  "Thank you, Master." E. whispered as she sipped from
her glass.  "Lie down with your legs spread and your arms above you, E." R.
said.  E. set aside her glass and did as she was told.  She gasped as she
felt the ice cold champagne dribble onto her steaming pussy.  J. lowered his
head between her thighs and began to suck and lick the champagne from her
pubic hair, her full lips and then began to run his tongue around her clit.
E. moaned and began to writhe.  R. took a mouthful of champagne and then
sucked her left nipple into his mouth.  E. gasped as he swirled his tongue
and the champagne around her nipple.  A. bent down and kissed her deeply,
passing his champagne from his mouth to hers.  E moaned into A.'s mouth as J
continued to suck on her clit, R. to suck harder on her nipple.  Her body
writhed as she tried to fuck J.'s face...her mind focused only on the
feeling of three tongues, mouths on her body ........J. sucked harder on her
clit, and slowly slipped three fingers into her champagne soaked pussy. She
could feel the orgasm building, beginning in her toes.  As she was about to
cum....they all stopped. E. moaned, her head shaking wildly, tossing her
mane of her over her face.  "Stay there and stay still" R. said, "we will
attend to you in a few minutes, meanwhile, revel in the knowledge that we
are in control of your body, we alone can provide or withhold release."  E.
moaned, whimpered but lay still as the men sipped another glass of champagne
and talked more business.
        E. lay there for a long while, fighting the desire to make herself
cum by clenching and unclenching her thighs...She knew she could not do so
silently and that the men would be very upset were she to disobey orders. 
Her body was at a fever pitch, every nerve ending alive and craving release. 
Every so often, one of the men would stroke her or pinch her, just to keep
her aroused and on the edge of orgasm.  After a while, R. ran his hands
between her thighs, barely rubbing her clit.  E. moaned - a long tortured
cry.  "Don't move, E." R. said and continued to stroke her from clit to
asshole, long but very light strokes, his fingers barely touching her.  E.
struggled inside, trying to obey R.'s order not to move, but she couldn't
help herself, her body rose to meet the strokes of his hand to try to make
more contact with his fingers, just a little more, so she could cum.  R.
stopped stroking her, raising her face so her eyes would meet his. "You
disobeyed me, E.  Now I will punish you. Get on your knees and bend over
this ottoman." R. commanded.  E. whimpered as she moved herself to the
ottoman.  A. moved in front of E. so he could watch her face.  J. stood
next to her.  She could feel R. behind her.  E. began to shake, frightened
of what was to come, she feared the pain as well as the humiliation of this
public punishment.  "Hand me the paddle, J."  J. handed R. a black leather
paddle.  "How many strokes do you think she deserves?" R asked. "Why not
stroke her until her ass is scarlet?" A asked.  "Good idea. Now E., you will
first kiss the paddle and then you will lie still as I paddle your
delectable ass.  You will not try to avoid the strokes. If you do, I assure
you, the punishment will be far more severe. Is that understood?"  "Yes,
Master." E. whimpered.  R. presented the paddle to E.'s lips.  E kissed the
paddle fully, sucking the handle into her mouth. A. smiled as she did this. 
"A slut even when about to be punished, a true slave, isn't that right E?"
A. asked. "Yes, Master." E. whispered.  E.'s body tightened as she
anticipated the first stroke of the paddle.  She knew that if she were
relaxed the stroke would hurt less, but she could not control the tightening
of her body, the fear of the pain.  R. gently rubbed the paddle on her ass
cheeks.  E. shivered.  R. brought the paddle back.  E. could hear the rush
of the air as he brought it down towards her ass and then stopped it right
above her ass.  E. did not move, merely whimpered. Then R. began to paddle
her ass in ernest.  E. jumped as she felt the pain of the first stroke.  The
paddle made a loud crack when it hit her ass.  R. continued to paddle her
ass as she moaned, cried. The stinging pain turned into a burning pain as
her ass began to redden.  After about 15 strokes, R. stopped and slid his
fingers in between E.'s legs.  Her cunt was dripping wet.  "So, you like the
paddle do you?  Your body betrays you.  J., A., feel how wet she is." R.
mocked her.  J and A slid a finger each into her wet pussy.  A. slid his
finger out of her , covered in her juices and brought it to her lips. "Taste
yourself, E. taste the evidence of your submission." E. greedily sucked all
of her juices from A.'s finger.  R. began to paddle her again.  E. moaned
loud, began to scream from the pain of the paddle on her tender ass cheeks. 
"Gag her, will you A.?"  "Certainly" A replied and then pushed his hard cock
into E.'s mouth.  E. sucked A deeply, furiously as R. paddled her ass.  R.
continued to paddle her until the stitching from the leather paddle left a
distinct imprint on her scarlet ass.  Abruptly, R. stopped and spread E.'s
thighs wide.  He ran his hand over her burning ass cheeks as he pushed his
hard thick cock deep into her sopping pussy.  E. moaned loudly around A.'s
cock.  Her ass hurt and burned with each stroke of R.'s cock but that only
made the pleasure heighten.  J. stood next to E. and stroked his cock as he
watched her being fucked in mouth and pussy.  "Why not move her on top of
you R. so I can get into her ass?" J suggested after a few minutes of
watching.  "Good idea"  R. withdrew quickly from E.'s pussy. She gasped at
the empty feeling.  He lay down on the floor and lifted E. on top of him,
impaling her on his stiff cock.  E. continued to suck A.'s cock, long deep
strokes, feeling him so deep in her throat that it was hard for her to
breath.  J. lubricated his cock and then gently pushed it into E.'s hot
tight asshole.  Her whole body shook as she felt him push deeper and deeper. 
All three holes were filled now, for the first time in E.'s life.  It felt
incredible, so intense, so alive.  E. could feel herself ready to cum as all
three men pumped into her in rhythm.  Her body began to convulse as she
came, moaning around A's cock, R.'s cock deep in her cunt, J's cock deep in
her ass.  They continued to fuck her, slapping her ass, grabbing her hair,
squeezing her nipples.  E. just kept cumming, one long orgasm, her body out
of control.  A. began to cum, deep in her throat and she eagerly swallowed
his cum.  He withdrew slowly from her mouth knowing that the others wanted
to have E. swallow their cum as well. J. withdrew from her ass and then
moved to her mouth, the first spurt of cum landing on her face, the rest in
her mouth and throat as she greedily sucked every drop from him.  He
collapsed next to her. R. lifted her off of him and pulled her by the hair
to his cock.  She swallowed him whole, sucking the cum from him as she came
again. The taste of the three men in her mouth intoxicated her.  They all
tasted so good, and so different.  She was high on the taste of them. Her
body still convulsing even after R. had withdrawn from her mouth. She used
her fingers to scoop the last of J.'s cum from her face and eagerly sucked
them clean.  Each of the men kissed her deeply, tenderly.
       E. was still on her knees, breathing returning to normal. "Look at
her," R. said, "she is glowing.  God, she is gorgeous." The other two men
agreed.  J. offered E. a glass of champagne. E. took it gratefully and drank
it down quickly.  "In a moment, you may shower and then dress.  We will
report to S. how well you served us and you will be generously rewarded. 
But first we wish to know how you feel now." R. said.  "I feel ....I feel
completely amazed, wonderful, fully owned and open, Masters." E replied. 
"E. you are quite remarkable, a true slave and an incredibly open woman. You
should be proud of yourself.  You have pleased us greatly." A. said.
    E. blushed a deep red.  "I am glad I have pleased you." E. said. "Go
shower now" J. said and as E. rose he slapped her ass so that she gasped.
"Lest you forget" J. said and he smiled, his eyes dancing as watched E. walk
away.   E. entered the bathroom and turned the shower on hot.  She waited a
moment for the water to heat up and then got under the steaming spray.  The
water was luxurious on her sore body, loosening the muscles, caressing her
bruised flesh.  E. smiled as she lathered herself with the sweet smelling
soap. S. would be quite pleased with her.  She was quite pleased with
herself. She wondered if she would ever see any of these men again.  She
hoped that she would, however, she thought she might prefer to see them one
at a time.  She felt she had done well, but also that she could serve one
man better when all her energy could be concentrated on him.   She began to
hum softly to herself as she rinsed the soap from her body.
    Fresh and clean, E. stepped from the steaming shower and slowly toweled
herself dry.  She moaned as the towel scraped over the bruises a rush of
pleasure/pain coursed through her.  She could hear the men talking in the
other room, but didn't pay much attention to them. Her clothes were hanging
on a hook in the bathroom.  She dressed slowly, taking her time to make sure
she looked just right.  After a few minutes, she emerged from the bathroom,
smelling of "Obsession" and honey dust.  E. walked to the table where the
men were talking and kneeled on the floor, head down, eyes lowered, arms up
high behind her back, thighs spread wide as the dress would allow, to await
their bidding.  "My, my ...Lord have mercy, don't you look a sight!" Robert
exclaimed and the others laughed heartily.  "Really, E. you do look
gorgeous, decked out like that and on your knees." R. leaned down and pulled
her head back by her thick curls, and kissed her deeply, his tongue on hers
making her sigh in pleasure.  A. walked a slow circle around her where she
kneeled.  He reached into her dress and pinched her right nipple until it
became taught between his fingers.  J. sat back and watched as the flush
spread over E.'s face.
       "Well, we must get going, but E. you can rest assured that we will
give S. a glowing report.  You may stand now and kiss us all goodbye.  We
will see you again, I'm sure"  A. said.  E. stood and walked over to R., her
hands going around his neck and pulling his face to hers.  She kissed him
deeply, aggressively, sucking his tongue deep into her mouth.  He returned
the kiss, his hands on her ass, squeezing until she moaned in his mouth. 
She then walked over to A. and before she could put her arms about him, he
trapped them and pushed them up high behind her back.  A. kissed her
roughly, his tongue raping her mouth, and then, still holding her arms with
one hand, he gripped her by the hair, bent her head back exposing her throat
and kissed her throat, biting and sucking until she was moaning and
squirming in his grasp.  Abruptly, he let her go, smiling at the look of
surprise on her face.  "Soon, E. we will meet again." he said, "And now
gentlemen, and lady, I must leave. Take care, all." A. embraced the men and
then left the room.  "I, too, must be on my way.  I will talk to you later,
J." R. slapped E.'s ass quickly and then left the room.
    "It seems, we have the opportunity to say our goodbyes in private" J.
mused while looking at E. hungrily.  "Before we leave, I have a proposition
for you." J. said, taking E. in his arms and stroking her breasts lightly. 
"And what is that?" E. inquired.  "I have a woman that I wish you to meet. 
She is bisexual, and quite hot, but not yet sure of her submissiveness. 
What I propose, is that I set the two of you up and then join you.  I will
dominate you, but I wish you to dominate her.  She needs to be put in her
place, so to speak.  What say you?" J. asked.  "Your will is my life" E.
replied, the phrase known to few men was recognized instantly by J. and he
smiled.  "Good, then I shall call you tomorrow when it is set up. The two of
you will meet tomorrow night.  I've no doubt that she will want you.  Just
let it come naturally, I will take care of the rest." J. said.  "Ok, I await
your word, Master." E. replied and smiled.  J. took her in his arms and
kissed her tenderly, slowly increasing the pressure of his lips on hers, his
tongue exploring her mouth.  She moaned as he drank the breath from her and
returned it with his own.  His hands roamed her body, kneading the flesh,
stroking with fingertips, then nails, pinching, lightly touching her all
over until she moaned steadily under his touch.   He slipped his hand
between her thighs. She parted them readily.  He stroked her wet pussy,
feeling the heat, collecting her juices on his fingertips as they brushed
her clit.  Her body trembled.  He brought his fingers to her lips and they
both sucked her juices from them, then kissed deeply, her taste mingling
with the taste of the cigarettes, champagne, lips and tongue.  He lowered
her to the floor, removing her dress as he did so until she was kneeling in
front of him.  He unzipped his pants and let them fall to the ground,
stepping out of them quickly. She took his already hard cock in her hand,
bringing it to her lips, she savored the taste of the precum collected at
the tip before swallowing it deep into her throat.  She moaned as she began
to suck him. God he tasted so good.  She was totally engrossed in the feel
of his cock in her mouth, the smooth skin covering the hard pulsing of his
cock.  The sweet musky smell of him filled her nostrils, intoxicating her
as she sucked harder, faster, burying her nose in his pubic hair with each
stroke.  She moved to suck his balls, softly nuzzling them.  He turned
around and she parted his ass cheeks, pressing her face between them,
pushing her tongue as deep into his sweet asshole as she could.  She licked
his asshole, fucking it with her tongue, loving the taste of him, the smell
of him, the sound of his moans. She could feel the juices running down her
thighs and brought one hand between her legs, began stroking her hot pussy,
her pulsing clit as she licked him, tongue deeper into his asshole, sucking
on his asshole.  She was so close to cumming, stroking her clit, her mons. 
He turned quickly and pushed her head down onto his already spurting cock
and she came, moaning as she swallowed down every bit of his sweet thick
cum.  Her body shaking, as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through her. 
She licked the last drops of cum from his body and sighed.  He lifted her to
the couch, cradling her in his arms and kissed her deeply, tasting himself
on her lips, in her mouth.  They slept there for a while, wrapped in each
others arms. 
    They woke as the sun was setting.  He got up and made the call to his
other lady friend, M.  She agreed to meet E. the following night at the
hotel bar.  J. arranged for the room for the next couple of nights.  "You
don't mind, do you?  We will go to the shops tomorrow and get you something
new to wear."  J. said.  "No, as I said, your will is my life." E. replied
and J. just kissed her deeply.
    J. leaned over and picked up the phone and ordered dinner from room
service.  "Put on my robe, E.  We wouldn't want the poor boy to have a heart
attack"   E. laughed and went to dress.

--
