E+ Club
by Cheyenne Chaste Moon

******

     It was another sultry August evening.  It was another boring 
Friday night.  It seemed to be a night like countless others, yet 
the air was crackling with excitement and magic, and before it 
was over, it would change forever the lives of three young 
people. 
     With a population of only seven thousand, Landesport was a 
small, quiet town which many folk would love to retire to.  It 
was not, however, a place for three young college students who 
liked to carouse and have fun.  Luckily, Oak Harbor was just a 
twenty minute drive away.  There, on Friday and Saturday nights, 
the students from the neighboring suburbs would converge and 
patronize the bars. 
     The three were out that night, as they were most weekends.  
Richard Certette, a senior and leader of the small group, and 
who's stepmother was the mayor of Landesport, was driving that 
night.  Riding beside him was his best friend, Sherman Quigly.  
In the backseat sat Bobby Jo Ranger, who, at twenty-one, the same 
age as the guys, had just started college. 
     It was straight up midnight, and the trio was making their 
last pass down the boulevard before heading back to their mundane 
town, when the magic of that night began.  "Holy cow!" Rich 
exclaimed, slamming a foot on the brake peddle, tossing his two 
passengers forward, nearly causing the car behind to plow into 
them. 
     "What the hell?" Sherman demanded after regaining himself 
from a near disastrous impact with the windshield.  Richard 
didn't answer.  He couldn't answer.  He appeared to be 
hypnotized.  Sherman and Bobby Jo slowly turned in the direction 
Rich was blankly staring, and they too were struck with silent 
incredulity. 
     Strolling down the sidewalk in their direction was a most 
unbelievable sight.  It was a sight, until that moment, the trio 
had quite often dreamt of, but never truly believed could be a 
possibility.  She had long, curly locks of billowing flaxen hair; 
wide, round, sparkling, emerald eyes; lush, pouting, inviting, 
ruby lips; and extremely narrow, almost wasp-like waist, which 
accentuated her fabulous hips; a fully packed, shapely, perfect 
butt; and Junoesque legs which seemed to go on forever.  What 
they saw, however, was a more captivating portion of her anatomy.  
Her breasts. 
     Her breasts, which held the trio in a catatonic trance were, 
as far as they were concerned, perfect.  The two guys longed to 
fondle and suck those glorious mounds.  Touching their warm, 
exciting expanse just once would have made their loins explode 
with an orgasmic eruption of untold volume.  Her breasts reminded 
Bobby Jo of a Ward drawing; round, large, of an unbelievable 
stature, firm, and adorned with huge, erect nipples as big as 
one's thumb. 
     The owner of the perfect pair of knockers was wearing black 
opera pumps with five-inch heels; a skin tight, black miniskirt, 
which barely covered what needed to be; and a super-tight, ultra-
thin, white tank top which made no attempt at concealing her 
abundant, auspicious mounds. 
     The trio watched with amazement, lust, and frustration as 
the twin heavenly orbs joggled past them, and seemed to wave at 
them teasingly.  A few steps later, the gorgeous babe turned back 
to face them.  She knew what they were thinking, so he decided to 
put on a little show.  Her hands slowly slid under her nearly 
transparent top and gently caressed her breasts, swirling over 
them seductively, squeezing them, and tweaking her large, 
beguiling nipples.  Her face reflected her delight.  She closed 
her eyes and smiled sensually as she continued torturing the 
guys.  Just when the trio thought they would go insane with 
hysteria, she stopped, laughed with self amusement, then turned 
and seductively disappeared through a doorway.  The sign above it 
read:  E+ CLUB. 
     "You two are disgusting," Bobby Jo informed them.  "You see 
a pair of tits and you go bonkers." 
     Sherman turned to address his pal.  "Those were more than 
just tits, Bobby dear.  Those were a work of art," he explained. 
     "They were exquisite," Rich added over his shoulder. 
     "You two need some serious help," Bobby Jo commented, not 
wishing to reveal that she had gotten just as excited as they.  
In fact, she often dreamt of having boobs such as those they had 
just seen.  And, many times, in secret, she would stuff her 
blouse and pose seductively in front of a mirror, fantasizing. 
     "Let's follow 'em," Sherman suggested. 
     "Ya don't have ta tell me twice," Rich remarked. 
     He pulled the car over opposite the building where the 
fabulous pair of boobs had entered; the building which, according 
to the sign out front, was the E+ Club.  The three stood beside 
the car and stared at the sign hoping that it meant what the all 
thought it meant. 
     As they crossed the street, sexual fantasies began swirling 
through the heads of all three of them.  Their adrenaline was 
racing and their bodies tingled with excitement as they stepped 
through the door to the E+ Club. 
     They were immediately greeted by a naked giantess; a woman 
of true Amazonian proportions.  She towered an unnerving six-feet 
nine-inches, and had muscles which would easily have been at home 
on Conan.  Unlike most women bodybuilders though, and more 
reflective of the mythological Amazons, this giantess had 
enormous hooters; the largest, firmest, most delectable set the 
three had ever seen.  The capacious brown mounds drooped not even 
an inch, and had large, mocha areolas which covered the entire 
front of each, and had great, extensive nipples which stood 
defiantly, as if threatening to impale anything in their path. 
     Her portentous mams thrust themselves at the breathless trio 
in a most ominous display of power.  "What are you three doing 
here?" she demanded in a booming voice.  The trio stood in 
silence, stunned, staring at the menacing mounds which seemed to 
be threatening to pound them into submission at any second.  The 
Amazon spread her tree trunk legs, placed her hands on her hips, 
leaned forward, and glared at the intimidated group.  "This is a 
private club.  You'll hafta leave." 
     It was then the door to the club opened and in walked 
another fabulous babe.  She, like the one they had seen first 
entering the club, and like the giantess who stood before them, 
had a set of enormous jugs.  Apparently the club had been aptly 
named.  "Hello, Bruiser," the big busted babe chirped. 
     "Hi, Brains," the Amazon returned. 
     "Who are these young people?" 
     "They're no one," Bruiser informed her sorority sister.  She 
then turned back to the entranced trio and glared menacingly 
again.  "In fact, they're leaving right now.  ...Right!?!" 
     "Y-y-y-yes...yes, ma'am," Bobby Jo stammered.  She was the 
only one who was able to speak.  Sherman and Richard were lost in 
another world; a world full of sex and giant boobs.  Bobby Jo 
grabbed her two dazed comrades and quickly retreated back 
outside. 
     "Jesus!  This is a tit lover's paradise!" Sherman declared, 
finally snapping back to reality. 
     "Come on," Rich suggested, already heading for the corner of 
the building.  "Let's see if there's an open window somewhere." 
     The three were off like a shot.  It was almost immediately, 
at the rear of the building, that they found just that, and 
eagerly peered inside.  The room was large and ornately 
decorated.  It appeared to be a game room, and was currently 
occupied by six of the largest breasted women on earth.  Two were 
playing a game of billiards, two were throwing darts, and two 
were engaged in a chess match, and they were all stark naked.  It 
was a room any tit lover would have killed to be in.  The three 
were about to die with envy. 
     The three knelt there, peering in the window, torturing 
themselves, for several minutes.  Suddenly one of the chess 
players, the flaxen haired beauty who started them on the 
escapade, leaned back and began to erotically massage her 
bountiful breasts, moaning dreamily to herself.  The trio wanted 
to scream in frustration, but they didn't want to give themselves 
away.  They wanted to jump through the window and take over the 
job for her.  She then took and expanse of her right breast in 
both hands, lifted it to her sultry mouth, and her tongue began 
to swirl about her large, erect, pink nipple. 
     She was known, by the other sisters of the very unique 
sisterhood, as Trolley, and she had noticed the trio peering 
through the window and decided to give them another thrill.  Her 
sultry lips parted, and her tender nipple slid between then and 
she sucked and nibbled delightfully. 
     Richard and Sherman whined pitifully as if in agony.  
"Damn," Bobby Jo whispered.  "I wish I could do that."  She then 
quickly glanced at her own chest and was suddenly embarrassed by 
her small B-cup bra. 
     Trolley continued with her stimulating tease.  Her left hand 
snaked downward and began to stroke earnestly between her thighs.  
The three voyeurs were hot and excited, and on the verge of 
ecstatic hysteria.  Trolley stood, turned her back to them, 
spread her legs slightly, and sensuously swayed side to side.  
She slowly turned to face them, and what they saw made all three 
of them extremely vocal.  In her palm, between her sexy thighs 
was a very hefty phallus.  It was larger than both Richard's and 
Sherman's, and it was something Bobby Jo would have loved to 
caress, suck, and feel inside her.  Being as interested in women 
as men, Bobby Jo would have loved to experience that enormous 
effector while sucking those hefty globes.  It would have been a 
unique and thrilling experience.  Something she was sure she 
would enjoy doing over and over again. 
     As far as Richard and Sherman were concerned, she was a man!  
And they were repulsed!  Bobby Jo was rather enthralled by the 
size of his equipment, yet, at the same time, was envious, and a 
little upset, that a man should have such a perfect pair of boobs 
while her own were practically nonexistent.  In actuality, 
Trolley was a hermaphrodite.  He, or rather she, as she 
preferred, was the only such sister in the entire order of the E+ 
Club.  Although there were three preoperative transsexuals in the 
nationwide sorority, she was the only one who was a natural 
"oddity", and the only sister who had a "functional" phallus. 
     Knowing they had been discovered, the startled trio sprang 
up, turned to run, and crashed into a mountain of unyielding 
flesh.  Bruiser reached out, grabbed Richard in her right vise-
like hand and grabbed Sherman with her left, pulling them to her, 
trapping Bobby Jo in the middle, squeezing all three against her 
massive mammaries, pressing one of her hard, erect nipples into 
Richard's cheek.  "I warned you three," she snarled.  "Now you're 
gonna get it."  The three screamed again, and struggled 
desperately to get free.  Somehow, Sherman managed to slip out of 
his jacket and dart off toward the street, toward the safety of 
the car.  Bobby Jo was able to follow.  Unfortunately, Richard 
was still a captive of Bruiser's crushing grip, and she hugged 
him tighter against her soft, enormous, brown, billowing mounds, 
burying his entire head between them. 
     Richard found himself stripped naked, strapped to what 
appeared to be an operating table, in what appeared to be a 
doctor's office, in the basement of the E+ Club.  Only minutes 
later, the door opened and the seven big busted women he had 
already seen that night entered, followed by thirteen others.  If 
not for his predicament, he would have been thrilled to be in a 
room with so many scrumptious, naked tits.  "Our Governess wishes 
to address you," announced Bruiser. 
     The sea of mammaries parted, and standing in the doorway was 
the Governess of the eleventh chapter of the E+ Club.  Richard 
was shocked!  She, like the rest of the women in the room, was as 
naked as he, and she, like the rest, had super abundant hooters.  
She stood at five foot-five had a sweeping blonde mane, weighed 
probably 120 pounds, and had a figure of 55FFF-23-35.  But, 
unlike the rest...she was the mayor of the nearby town of 
Landesport.  And his stepmother!  Not only was he stunned to 
learn that she was the head of the club, but he was also 
enthralled by her beauty.  Oh sure...he had always know that she 
had large breasts; that was one of the reasons his father married 
her; but he never thought them to be as large as he now saw them 
to be.  He never thought them large enough to allow her to join 
an organization such as the E+ Club. 
     "Richie, Richie, Richie," the very young (only two years 
older than Richard, himself) Misses Certette mumbled as she 
strolled to him, shaking her head, and bouncing her immense 
freckled boobs.  "Our sergeant-at-arms claims she caught you 
peeping in a window.  Is that true?" 
     "No," he defended, scared and uncertain. 
     "Now, now, Richie.  Don't lie to me."  The Governess leaned 
over and gently buried her stepson's face in her deep, warm 
cleavage.  "Tell Mummy the truth, Dear.  Are you a Peeping Tom?" 
she hushed sweetly. 
     Richie cracked.  Tears streamed down his face.  He couldn't 
lie to  such a fantastic pair of jugs.  "Yes.  I'm sorry, 
Stepmother.  I am a Peeping Tom." 
     Misses Certette solemnly shook her head then turned to face 
her compatriots.  "You heard his confession, my sisters."  The 
matter was now out of her hands.  "Punish him as you please."  
She then walked back down the path of parted mams and left the 
room, leaving the other members to render his punishment. 
     The women discussed at length what should be done with the 
criminal they had captured.  Strapped to the table, Richie could 
do nothing but wait and listen, sweat and panic.  His heart 
pounded, his body trembled, and his mind was conjuring up all 
kinds of horrible thoughts. 
     Finally, he noticed the women had gathered around him again, 
and he was ever so afraid.  The gorgeous, abundant knockers now 
looked like a room full of giant, evil, staring eyes.  Trolley 
suddenly materialized only inches from him.  "Hello, Richie," she 
sang in a lilting voice. 
     "Get away from me, freak!" he demanded, although he knew he 
was in no position to do so. 
     "Now, now.  I just came to offer you these."  She then bent 
over and plopped her overly proportioned tits on his face, 
smothering him in her perfumed cleavage. 
     "Noooo!" he screamed.  "Get away from me!  That's 
disgusting!  You're a man!" 
     "Only part of me.  But don't worry, Deary.  I'll soon make 
you forget all about that.  Trust me."  She then leaned forward 
again and buried his face between her hefty mams. 
     "Nooo!!  Get away from me!" he cried frenziedly, shaking his 
head, trying to get his face out from between her massive mounds.  
The room exploded with enormous titters and guffaws.  Trolley's 
exquisite breasts swayed to and fro, slapping his face in a most 
erotic manner. 
     As the women laughed hysterically, Trolley stood back up.  
"Perhaps you'd like to suck on something else then?" she quipped 
tauntingly. 
     Richard's stomach churned.  "That's disgusting!!"  He would 
never touch a man's cock! 
     Trolley smiled knowingly.  "Maybe you'd like me to do the 
sucking then."  Her hand ran down his taut, supple body to his 
dick. 
     "Stay away from me!" he screamed again.  Nor did he want a 
man to touch him!  He was not a homosexual! 
     A chuckle escaped Trolley's lips as she began to fondle his 
limp dick.  The laughter from the other women finally died, only 
to be replaced with a soft chant of, "Go, Trolley. Go, Trolley." 
     She climbed onto the table with him and quickly went to work 
while he screamed bloody murder.  "NOOO!!  NOOO!!  GET OFF ME!!"  
Trolley's lips kissed the head of his still limp phallus, then 
slowly slid down until her nose was buried in his balls, and she 
sucked, nibbled, and swirled her tongue about.  She then started 
a slow journey back up, then down, then up, and down again.  Her 
own aroused member was bouncing all over Richie's face.  His head 
thrashed side to side, trying to get out of it's way, but it was 
always there, and her balls, no matter what he did, kept slapping 
him in the nose.  It didn't take long before Richard's sexual 
emotions overruled his disgust and his member sprang to life.  
And it did so so quickly that it nearly choked Trolley.  And when 
it did, the women once again broke out in a chortle.  Trolley's 
tongue did so many exciting things to his dick that it was only a 
matter of minutes before he forgot everything, and willingly 
joined his sex partner, and began moaning pleasurably, enjoying 
each rhythmic slide down his lengthy member, each exciting, 
unexpected, little nibble, and the sensations of her hot, 
playful, teasing tongue. 
     Trolley soon switched to using her enormous tits on his hot, 
throbbing sex toy which he enjoyed just as much, if not more so.  
Numerous times she would bring him to the brink of an orgasm, 
only to stop at the crucial moment.  She would wait a minute, 
then start again.  This drove him mad, and he begged repeatedly 
for her to finish him off.  After an hour of torturing him in 
this manner, by alternating between her mouth and her tits, she 
climbed off the table, leaving him weak, yearning, and unspent.  
"Please let me come," he begged, pitifully weeping.  "Please..." 
     Trolley smiled amused, tenderly wiped the sweat and tears 
off Richie's face, and gingerly kissed his lips.  "Sorry, Deary.  
But I don't go all the way on a first date," she commented wryly.  
"Besides...I'm a man," she commented with a most sarcastic grin. 
     "Please..." Richie implored weakly. 
     "Sorry, Deary," she answered with a shake of her head.  She 
then leaned over and kissed him again, and gently stroked his 
cheek.  "I had fun, though," she informed him.  She then turned 
and addressed another big busted babe.  "He's all your's, Doc." 
     The room quickly emptied, except for Richard, who couldn't 
leave, and Doc.  Doc was a medical researcher, and she looked the 
part.  She had ivory skin, as if she was always cloistered away 
somewhere and never outside, and wore round, thick glasses at the 
end of her nose, and her raven hair was pulled back into a tight 
bun.  Her breasts, however, seemed much more assertive.  They 
were high and reached out enticingly, as if yearning for some fun 
which they never, or, at least, very seldom received. 
     She proceeded to set up a small tent-like structure around 
his aching effector, then wheeled to his side a cart full of very 
painful looking instruments.  Richard didn't like the 
implications of this one bit.  Doc snapped on a pair of rubber 
surgical gloves, and tied on a face mask.  "What...what are you 
gonna do?" Richard stammered, deathly afraid of hearing the 
answer. 
     "You'll know soon enough," was the reply. 
     Whatever it was she was doing, it was excruciating.  Richard 
was sure he was being castrated...or worse.  And without an 
anesthetic.  It felt as if his balls were being barbecued, and 
his dick was being peeled like a banana.  He withered in agony 
for many minutes, then finally fell into unconsciousness. 
     When he awoke he was immediately aware of two things.  
First; an insatiable sexual desire was upon him.  A desire a 
hundred times more powerful than he had ever felt.  His sex tool 
was engorged, throbbing, and demanding satisfaction.  Second; he 
was no longer strapped to the table, it's prisoner. 
     When he reached for his organ to relieve it's quite painful 
insistence, he discovered something terrifying.  He rolled off 
the table and stumbled about, finally getting his balance.  What 
had they done to him?!  It was as if his life had suddenly become 
a living nightmare.  His eyes stared at his hot, throbbing 
member.  His hands slowly reached out to confirm what his eyes 
were seeing.  Yes.  It was real.  It was him.  His dick had 
become a monster.  It was poking straight out from him, erect, 
and yearning for...no...it was DEMANDING pleasure.  And it was 
five feet long and ten inches in diameter.  And his balls...  
They looked like basketballs, and hung past his knees. 
     He stumbled about the room in a panic, not knowing what to 
do, where to go, or how to get relief for his mounting urges, 
which his gigantic, throbbing dick excruciatingly demanded.  He 
finally tried stroking his enormous staff, but that offered 
absolutely no relief.  He needed a woman!  He needed a woman 
bad!!  But, he knew there was no woman on earth who could take 
him now.  He screamed out in frustration. 
     Hours later, he lay on the floor, whimpering like a scared 
puppy.  His gargantuan phallus still stood rigid, pulsating 
powerfully, demanding desperately some relief which would never 
come. 
     The door opened and Bruiser walked in.  The Amazon smiled 
delightfully at the sight of the colossal prick standing before 
her.  She stooped down and hugged the monstrous organ, caressing 
it between her voluminous hooters, and gently kissed it.  Rich 
moaned deliriously at her touch, and his body shook 
spasmodically.  Bruiser laughed heartily, then, for a moment, 
worked her tender jugs up and down his gargantuan cock.  Rich 
bucked wildly, and thrashed about in a fit of uncontrollable 
emotions, his entire body bouncing dangerously against the floor.  
Bruiser stopped and stood back up, amused at the display.  
"Please..." Rich beseeched, barely audible. 
     "The Governess wishes to address you."  With that, she bent 
down, grabbed his arm and yanked him to his feet, then pulled his 
arms behind him and handcuffed them.  She then, much to the 
surprise of Richard, attached a chain leash to a ring which was 
in the septum of his nose. 
     He had not noticed the ring before, and he didn't much like 
it, but he didn't say a word.  What could he say?  It was 
actually the most agreeable thing they had done to him.  He had 
been turned into a giant prick.  What difference did a nose ring 
make now?  He conceded to the fact that he was now a prisoner, 
unable to do anything except for what the members of the E+ Club 
demanded.  Even if he did manage to get free, he couldn't very 
well leave.  He was a monster.  He was nothing more than a giant, 
walking penis with an unquenchable appetite. 
     Bruiser lead him by the chain.  The bulk of his oversized 
organs made it extremely difficult to walk, and the constant 
tension kept on his leash, and the uselessness of his arms made 
it even more difficult.  He stumbled frequently at first, 
painfully yanking the ring in his nose, and smashing the head of 
his outrageous dick into the floor or the walls.  But, he 
succeeded in reaching their destination without serious injury. 
     They entered through the rear door of the meeting hall.  All 
twenty of the chapter members were present and waiting patiently 
in their seats.  In front of the group was a lectern, and behind 
the lectern stood the chapter Governess, Molly Certette.  Not far 
to her right stood Sherman and Bobby Jo. 
     The three exchanged piteous glances.  His two best friends, 
like himself, had been captured and transformed into bizarre 
creations. 
     Sherman's cock had been enlarged also, though not to the 
dimensions of Richard's.  His was now an envious ten inches long.  
The perfect size, thought Richard.  But that's where Richard's 
envy ended, for the rest of Sherman's body had been feminized.  
He bore a striking resemblance to that flaxen haired beauty, 
Trolley.  Sherman now had long, curvaceous legs, wide hips, a 
firm, round butt, an astonishingly narrow waist, and enormous 
tits, which would need a size 36-GG bra. 
     Bobby Jo had fared no better.  Whereas she didn't have a 
prick to get enlarged, she did have a pair of tits.  And now 
those tits, which she had often wished were larger, were exactly 
that.  In fact, they, like Richard's dick, were of a horrific 
size, and even more so.  They were by far the largest tits on the 
face of the earth!  They were round, and soft, with beautiful 
pink areolas, and unbelievable nipples.  They rested on the 
floor, stretching out seven feet in front of her, and were nearly 
as tall as Bobby Jo herself.  Richard could just barely see her 
eyes peering sadly over the mountains of flesh.  Bobby Jo's body 
now consisted only of her head, her tits, and her legs.  She no 
longer had arms, or a torso to speak of.  She was, quite frankly, 
nothing more than a walking, talking pair of gargantuan boobs. 
     Richard felt sorry for his friends, but was glad he was not 
suffering alone.  Nor did he wish to trade places with either of 
his friends.  He felt rather lucky, compared to his friends.  
Bruiser lead him to the front of the room, stood him beside his 
cohorts, then, as she had done with his friends, attached his 
leash to a hook in the ceiling. 
     The three stood silently, too scared to speak, and stared 
out at the room filled with nude, gorgeous, huge breasted women.  
The forty boobs stared back laughingly. 
     "Last night," Richard's stepmother began, "these three 
criminals were captured.  And, having confessed their crimes, 
were punished.  This meeting was called to determine the future 
of our prisoners.  Please mark your ballots, then pass then to 
our sergeant-at-arms." 
     The forty bodacious boobs studied the three sexual 
aberrations, then the ladies made their votes, and minutes later, 
when the ballots were counted, the majority had decided to give 
the prisoners their freedom.  After all, they were just college 
kids out having some fun.  Bruiser removed the leashes, then 
unlocked the two pairs of handcuffs.  The scared, confused trio 
stood there, unsure of what to do. 
     Richard slowly waddled his bulk to his stepmother's side, 
causing the room of women to giggle at his sight.  "Stepmother?" 
he hushed. 
     "Yes, Richie?" 
     "Does that mean...that...we're going to be changed back 
now?" he squeaked hesitantly. 
     "Changed back?  Why, whatever are you talking about, Dear?" 
     Richard glanced back at his friends, then reached out and 
held his mighty member.  "This," he explained.  "You're not going 
to leave us like this...are you?" 
     "But of course, Dear.  Don't be silly.  The three of you 
were criminals, and that was your punishment.  Even I, a 
Governess of the E+ Club, cannot overturn a punishment.  Only our 
Queen may do that.  Now run along, Dear.  Nonmembers are not 
allowed in here." 
     Richie glanced back at his friends.  Though they never said 
a word, he knew what they were thinking.  It was in their eyes, 
and it was the same thing he was thinking.  "Please, Stepmother.  
Please do not make us go outside.  We do not wish to be see like 
this." 
     "But we have all seen you, Dear," his stepmother reminded. 
     "Please, Stepmother.  Please let us stay," he begged. 
     "This is most unusual."  The Governess thought for a moment.  
"Very well, Richie.  You and your friends may wait in the game 
room while we discuss the matter." 
     While Richard toddle slowly, Sherman, who had no trouble 
walking, helped Bobby Jo.  She walked best by going backward and 
dragging her colossal mounds, and she had trouble traversing the 
doorway, as she had all the doorways when Bruiser brought her to 
the meeting hall.  First, she slowly turned and faced the open 
door, then pushed and shoved one of her massive tits though the 
door frame, then pulled and tugged until her other tit squeezed 
through.  The large double doors to the game room offered her a 
brief furlough from the no longer simple task. 
     There they waited, staring at one another with sympathetic 
grief, for well over an hour.  Finally, Bruiser came to usher 
them back into the meeting hall.  Once more Bobby Jo struggled 
torturously with the normal width of the doorways. 
     The three returned to the front of the room.  Molly 
Certette, stepmother of Richard Certette, turned toward her 
stepson and announced the results of his request.  "We, the 
entire membership of the eleventh chapter of the E+ Club, have 
debated your request, and we have telephoned numerous other 
chapters, asking for their input, and we have telephoned our 
Queen.  And, by a unanimous vote from this membership, and by 
approval from the Queen, we have decided to allow you to remain 
here.  Provided, of course, that this is what you truly wish to 
do." 
     "Yes. it is, stepmother.  We do not wish to leave looking as 
we do," Richard answered for the three of them. 
     "So be it then."  The Governess snapped her finger.  
"Sergeant." 
     Bruiser snapped from her seat, stepped to the three figures, 
clipped the leashes back to their nose rings and attached them to 
the ceiling, then snapped the handcuffs back on Richie and 
Sherman, in essence, making them as armless as Bobby Jo. 
     The Governess stepped in front of the three sexual 
aberrations, spread her legs, placed her hands on her hips, 
thrust out her auspicious chest, and stared at the amusing sight 
before her.  "The three of you are now the property of the E+ 
Club," she declared.  The chapter members cheered.  "You are now 
merely objects to be used as the sorority wishes.  And, being 
nothing but things, you will not speak or do anything, unless 
instructed.  Is that clear?" 
     "Yes...yes, Stepmother," Richard mumbled. 
     "Yes, Misses Certette," Sherman and Bobby Jo replied. 
     "Good.  The three of you, from this moment on, will address 
me as Governess, and you will address the other sisters as 
Mistress." 
     "Yes, Governess," the trio replied in unison. 
     The Governess stepped in front of her stepson, straddling 
his huge, throbbing, erect effector, and smiled.  The huge 
breasted woman then lowered herself on his mammoth rod and slowly 
slid her warm, glistening cunt forward and back along the entire 
length of his monstrous organ.  Richard whimpered and danced 
about frenziedly.  The hundred fold sensation was uncontrollable.  
His Governess continued riding him, going faster and faster, then 
slower, then faster again.  It was as if he was nothing but a 
cock.  He had no other emotions, no other thoughts.  He was a 
cock!  He had been physically turned into a cock, and now he was 
emotionally a cock.  He was a gigantic, horny cock which need to 
fuck something, anything, everything.  He wanted to screw every 
juicy cunt in the room.  He needed to fuck every pair of 
exquisite breasts.  He could barely hold back the urge to ravage 
everything in sight.  He needed to be buried in female flesh.  He 
needed to have the forty plump, undulating breasts to massage 
him, to stroke him roughly, soothingly, passionately...and 
forever, nonstop.  Had he not been tethered by his leash he 
surely would have gone on a rampage. 
     His stepmother stood back up, smiling delightfully.  "From 
this moment on you will answer to, and be know as, Dick...for 
that is what you are.  Is that understood, Dick?" 
     "Yes, Governess," Dick squeaked, barely able to speak, 
barely able to concentrate on anything except the yearning for 
his Governess to continue with her sensuous riding of him. 
     The Governess stepped in front of Sherman, reached out and 
gripped his hot, pulsating organ and softly began caressing it.  
Sherman moaned heatedly, rotating his hips.  The Governess then, 
with her free hand, reached up and playfully kneaded his left 
boob, and tenderly kissed his right sensitive nipple.  Sherman 
shuddered violently as a sensation never before felt flourished 
from his breasts.  The Governess licked his nipples and tickled 
his watermelon mounds with her soft, knowing fingers.  The 
combination of having his dick and tits fondled was unbelievable!  
He never dreamt having breasts could be so enjoyable!  He was 
sure he was going to relish this, even if he did look freakish.  
The Governess nibbled his erect, sultry nipples, and suckled 
ardently, drinking of the tasty milk which flowed from his firm, 
overflowing jugs.  It felt fabulous!  It felt incredible!  He 
loved being suckled!  He loved his new tits, and was glad they 
had been thrust upon him.  The Governess stopped when Sherman was 
right on the verge of a climax, and he wanted to scream for her 
to finish the job, and continue sucking his generous mounds, but 
could not.  He was just a thing; property of the E+ Club, and 
could do nothing save for what his owners wished.  The Governess 
smiled pleasingly.  "From this moment on, you will answer to, and 
be known as, She-Man...for that is what you are.  Is that 
understood, She-Man?" 
     "Yes, Governess," he moaned deliriously.  How he yearned to 
be unchained; to be a person again.  He would have gone wild, 
humping all the delicious cunts in the room and sucking all the 
fabulous tits, and having his own tits suckled.  Especially have 
his own tits suckled. 
     She then stepped before Bobby Jo, unhooked her leash, hugged 
her immense tits and began to caress them, using her entire body.  
She kissed them passionately, and embraced them with her own huge 
jugs.  Bobby Jo collapsed to the floor.  Her entire body 
trembled.  The joy of having big boobs was everything she ever 
dreamt it would be.  Wondrous sensations swirled over her, 
enveloped her, penetrated her.  The fondling she was receiving 
made her forget entirely about the negative aspects of her 
dilemma.  Waves and waves of sensations cascaded over her.  She 
laid on her back, between her mountainous boobs, withering 
uncontrollably, incoherent with passion, hungry for more 
caressing, desiring to be suckled.  The erotic pleasure was so 
overwhelming, she could think of nothing else.  Every nerve in 
her body tingled with ecstatic sex.  The Governess climbed atop 
one of her mountainous mounds, spread her thighs and slid one of 
Bobby Jo's prodigious, six-inch, erect nipples into her hot, 
damp, exciting cunt.  They both cried out with pleasure and the 
Governess sensuously rotated her hips.  And they both climaxed 
simultaneously with a multitude of delirious emotions. 
     Molly Certette switched to the other giant nipple and rode 
it to a multiple orgasm for the both of them.  It was a dozen 
orgasms later that the love making came to an end, with both of 
them weak and exhausted, heaving deeply, and glistening with 
sweat. 
     The Governess wiped her forehead, smiled pleasantly at her 
extraordinary lover, then tenderly kissed the young woman's 
passionate lips.  "You, my lovely, exquisite creature, from this 
moment on will answer to, and be known as, Boobies...for that is 
what you are." 
     "Yes, Governess," Boobies replied breathlessly, very, very 
pleased with her new name, her new position, her new existence.  
She was delighted to be nothing more than a pair of giant boobs.  
She was sure it would open a glorious world of new experiences 
and wondrous sensations she would otherwise never have known.  
She wanted never to return to her old breastless self, and wished 
to remain a pair of giant breasts forever.  She wished to be 
intoxicatingly enraptured by her Governess, as she had just been.  
And then she wanted the other beautiful women in the room to do 
the same.  She wanted two to make love to her at once.  She 
wanted a hot, juicy pussy to swallow each of her nipples.  She 
wanted the rapture to be never-ending.  The Governess, having 
recouped from her fun, stepped back from the club's new 
acquisitions and addressed them all once again.  "The three of 
you are to be showcased at our annual national gala in five 
months, after which, you will go on a one month loan to all 
twelve sorority chapters.  At the end of that year, Dick and She-
Man will return here, while Boobies will become the mascot of the 
E+ Club, and adorn the foyer of the Bountiful Mammary Museum at 
the National Hall." 
     Molly Certette then turned to face her constituency.  
"Sisters.  I have some information which I would like to share."  
The group listened intently.  "During my private conversation 
with our Queen, she imparted to me that in five years time, 
should they behave themselves, these three shall be allowed 
membership into our sorority."  The twenty large breasted women 
applauded in agreement. 
     Dick's Governess twirled to face him.  "Of course, Dick... 
we'll give you a nice, beautiful pair of boobs.  Something 
similar to She-Man's."  Dick glanced at his friend.  He certainly 
didn't want to look like that!  "Or..." the Governess added, 
noting his reaction.  "If you don't want a lovely pair like 
those, then I think we'll give you a pair like Boobies." 
     Dick swallowed hard.  Sweat poured off his forehead as 
anxiety cascaded over him.  He quickly decided that looking like 
She-Man wouldn't be so bad after all.  Besides, he did love large 
tits.  And She-Man did seem to enjoy it when the Governess 
suckled his exquisite looking tits, but then...  He thought for a 
moment.  Boobies seemed to enjoy it even more than She-Man.  She 
had been wriggling hysterically, as if she was drowning in the 
sensuous pleasure being poured over her by their Governess, 
thrashing about passionately in the throes of monumental, nearly 
unendurable, exquisite sensations. 
     If he was going to get a pair of tits, perhaps... 

FIN
