Archive-name: Amazon/ellen1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Ellen


My name is Ellen and I'm a 26-year old gym teacher.  I'm 5'8" tall,
weigh 142 pounds and am considered quite attractive with shoulder-
length auburn hair and a 38-25-37 figure.  My background in gymnastics
and swimming has given me much strength and muscular definition in my
shoulders, arms and legs.  Although I had never wrestled a man, I have
been very competitive with them and love to soundly defeat them in
tennis or racquetball.

Recently, I have been seeing a 30-year old lawyer named Rick, who told
me of his fantasy of wrestling a woman.  After checking out his 5'9",
somewhat soft body, I told him I would wrestle him the following
Friday.

That Friday I went to his house and we cleared the furniture.  I went
to his bedroom to change into my shiny black lycra leotard and
returned to find Rick in a pair of gray running shorts.  We decided to
wrestle for one hour, and he set an alarm clock to end the match.

We started somewhat slowly, as neither of us was quite sure what to
expect.  We pushed each other around and tried to trip each other with
our feet.  Suddenly, he got me in a headlock and applied pressure.
Rick was stronger than I had anticipated and it hurt.  He flipped me
over his hip and followed me down with his legs spread wide for
stability while continuing to squeeze my head.  But I was able to work
my hands inside his arms and separate them, breaking the hold.

Pushing his head face-down to the carpet, I sat on his back facing his
feet.  I grabbed his right foot and pulled it toward me while twisting
his ankle.  Rick groaned and slapped the carpet as I increased the
pressure.  Still holding his foot, I spun around and scissored his
left arm tightly.  Now Rick was in major trouble.  I still had his leg
captured, and he was now immobilized with all my weight on his back.
My scissor hold was overextending his shoulder and elbow.

After five minutes, his struggling weakened and Rick gasped out his
submission.  I released the holds, turned him onto his back and sat
firmly on his chest, pinning his arms under my knees.  I told him that
this was a one-hour match, and less than 20 minutes had passed.  I
decided to rest in this position for a few minutes.  Rick was unable
to recuperate as my weight hindered his breathing and my knees were
digging painfully into his upper arms.  Every few moments, I would
taunt him by saying things like, "I'm really enjoying this, Rick,
aren't you?" or "You can do better, just try harder.  I'm only a
girl."

Rick's energy was totally spent, so I decided to practice a few holds
I had learned.  First, I rolled him onto his stomach, grabbed both his
wrists and pulled his arms back.  Standing over him, I pushed my foot
into his back for leverage as I worked my surfboard.  After a couple
of minutes I released the hold and, dropping to my knees, secured a
full-nelson.  Rolling to the right onto my back, I pulled him on top
of me and added leg scissors low across his waist.  Boring down on his
neck, I could feel the muscles stretch as I powered the nelson and
enjoyed his scream of pain as I tightened the scissors.  Then I eased
up a bit on both holds until I could feel his body relax.  Suddenly, I
pulled up on the nelson while pushing down hard with the scissors,
painfully stretching his back.

For the next 20 minutes I gleefully played cat and mouse with him, as
I applied more holds.  I would maintain each hold for two or three
minutes, tightening and relaxing them at my whim.  Immediately before
releasing a hold, I would power it full force so that he would be
helpless to resist the next hold.  I put him in a hammerlock, a camel
clutch, a figure-four leg lock, a Japanese arm stretch and several
other holds.  When relaxing a hold, I would continue to taunt him by
asking him if he was still enjoying himself or if he could suggest
some more holds.  Before he could answer, I would tighten the hold so
his only response would be a muffled scream.

I had Rick in a head scissors when the alarm rang.  I was on my side,
propped up on my elbow, so I could savor his feeble struggle as he
tried vainly to free his head from my strong thighs.  Since I was
having so much fun crushing his head, I held him for a few minutes
longer before releasing him.

I knelt down next to him and thanked him for introducing me to
wrestling.  I told him that I would like to wrestle him again because
there were some holds I had not gotten to try.  Rick moaned softly,
"Well, I don't know."  I said that if he wouldn't agree to wrestle me
again that I would try them right then, so he weakly consented.  We
set the date for four weeks from now.  Next time I'll make Rick write
you describing the match.

--
