Ellen by Emerson Laken-Palmer

Chapter 1.

   Not that it matters to you but I am not a dirty story writer and this
is not a dirty story. At least, I don't mean it to be. This story is one
hundred percent true. It all happened just they way I'm describing it.
You can judge for yourself if I'm a rotten person or perverted or what.

   It all started when I was sixteen and a Junior in High School. I was
an alright guy. I didn't get great grades at school, but I was passing. I
didn't have girls falling all over me, but I had a girlfriend. Her name
was Linda and she was okay looking. I used to take her out to movies and a
concert or something. It was just the sex thing that was driving me crazy.
You see, I had never gotten any. Any pussy. Not from Linda. Not from
anyone before her either. And I was revved up for it. I really wanted it
bad. My hormones were running away with me at that age. It was always the
same though. I'd take Linda to a movie and then for a hamburger. We'd
park in front of her house (I had a great car. A Firebird. Linda really
liked that car.) She'd let me kiss her for a while. (She was an alright
kisser. She didn't like too much tongue though.) Then I'd start to nuzzle
and kiss her neck. (She had a great perfume smell in her long, brown
hair.) And then I'd start to run my hands over her tits. That's when she
would always start with the "I gotta' go in now." stuff. She'd push me away
and I'd keep trying to gain some ground (maybe get my hand actually into
her shirt) but she'd keep pushing me away and then finally (angry as hell)
I'd let her go in. God it was frustrating. And it was also a bad scene.
We'd always end our dates on this hostile note. I'd go home and jack off to
try and ease this damnable frustration and then fall asleep mad. I would
forget about it (the anger) next day at school though and I'd see Linda and
talk to her and say I was sorry and things would be back to normal before
our next date. On this particular day, I ran into Linda in the hallway
after class. She looked really great in her tight jeans and sweater. "Hey
Linda," I called to her. "what's up?" She smiled at me, as I stood by her,
but it was a strange, nervous smile. There seemed to be an odd signal in
her brown eyes. "Hey, Danny," she said, "what's new?" "The football game's
tonight," I said to her. "We're going, right?" Linda looked away,
fidgeting with her books. "I'm not going tonight," she said in a quiet
voice. "I've got a lot of homework and stuff." "Not going? But we always
go on Friday night!" "Sorry Danny," she said. "Maybe next week, huh?" A
girlfriend called her from down the hall and Linda walked away quickly with
a curt wave to me. This was odd, I thought, but what the hell. My buddy
Dave was on the team and (even if Linda wasn't going) I'd go without her.
When I got home, my kid sister Ellen was cooking some canned spaghetti in
the kitchen. She was always cooking after-school snacks. (Something that
Mom would do if she were home, but both our parents worked and me and Ellen
were always on our own until after six.) She liked cooking, I guess. She
made brownies and fudge and things like that, for us, sometimes. "Want
some?" she asked, as she licked a splatter of sauce off of her wrist. "I
guess so," I said as I sat down at the table. Ellen was fifteen at that
time. A year younger than me. She was an okay sister (I guess) and we got
along pretty well. Oh, we had our fights, now and again, but nothing
major. Sisters just invade your space sometimes, you know what I mean? As
I watched her, standing at the stove and stirring the spaghetti, I began
thinking about what my buddies had been telling me lately - how foxy Ellen
was becoming. I shot them down when I heard it though. Nobody had better
touch my little sister! I didn't want guys looking at her, and thinking
about her, in that way. I certainly never did. My sister was just always a
person who was there, in my house, like Mom and Dad. You never really
notice people in your own family because they are somehow so familiar that
you talk to them and deal with them without really paying much attention to
them.
 
    Looking at her now, I realized that, although I had become much
taller than her in recent years, Ellen was now only a half-a-head shorter
than me. She certainly looked enough like me so that nobody would mistake
the fact that she was my sister. We both had the same shaped face and the
same mouth and nose. Her eyes were blue though (like Dad's) while mine were
(my mother's) brown and my dark hair contrasted with her long, full, blond
tresses. I guess the major difference between us, when we were little
kids, had always been that I was a boy and she was a girl. Or, at least,
she HAD been a girl. I hadn't really paid any attention, until just this
moment, to how much she had changed over the last year. Her back was to me
now and I could see how nice her round behind looked, in her yellow shorts,
and how full and shapely her legs had become. She struck such a sexy pose,
as she stood there, without really meaning to. Gosh, it seemed like she'd
just had skinny "stick legs" the last time I had even bothered to look at
her. Ellen brought two plates of spaghetti to the table and we sat and ate
in silence for a while. "Going to the game?" she asked as she got up for
some milk. Ellen was a sophomore that year. She wasn't into playing
sports, but she liked to go to the games and watch and gab with her friends
and cheer for our team. "Yeah," I said. "What about you?" "No. I'm going
to wait for Eddie to call." Eddie was (kind of) her boyfriend. I didn't
like him. He was a geek. A stupid looking kid with red hair and big ears
and freckles. He reminded me of Alfred E. Neuman and I used to tell Ellen
that to tease her. I guess he was a safe guy though. He didn't look like
the type that would try anything with her. Mom and Dad wouldn't let her go
out with him (or any other boy) anyway. They told her that she had to wait
until she was sixteen. He was a "puppy love" kind of thing with her. Just
a boy she talked with on the phone and used to carry her books around at
school. "How is Alfred?" I asked smiling as she leaned over to put a glass
of milk in front of me. I couldn't help myself. I could see down the neck
opening of her t-shirt. Her breasts (in her white bra) revealed their
cleavage to me. Ellen WAS developing very nicely. "Oh, shut up!" She said
as she stood back upright. I could feel my face redden for a moment. Had
she seen me looking down her shirt? God, that would be awful! She walked
out of the kitchen and I could hear her going up to her room. Aw, to hell
with it, I told myself, there's no harm in looking and I tossed all
thoughts of her away. I had gone up to listen to some jams on the stereo
and I must have fallen asleep because, when I woke up, it was after seven!
I jumped up and ran downstairs. I was late for the game! Mom and Dad and
Ellen were eating in the kitchen when I walked briskly in. "Sit down and
eat, Danny," Mom said as I headed for the side door. "Can't Mom, I'm late."
"Hey, you gotta have something!" "I'll get a bite at the game," I said as I
left the house. When I got to school half-time was over and the game was in
the fourth quarter. I went to the snack stand and got a hamburger. Bud and
Phil were at the stand too and we talked a while about Phil's new car. By
the time I had eaten, the game was over and everyone was leaving the field.
That's when I saw Linda. She was walking with my buddy, Dave, toward the
locker room door. I could see them holding hands and talking and, when
they got to the door, he kissed her. And she seemed to really kiss him
back. What a bitch! What a bastard! I tossed my hamburger wrapper in the
trash and walked quickly to my car so that Linda wouldn't see me. When I
got home, Ellen was lying on the couch watching TV. I walked over and made
to sit down. I had to push her legs over to make a spot for me to sit.
"What's the matter?" she asked. I guess I didn't look too good. "Linda!
She seems to have dumped me for Dave!"

   "Danny, everybody knows Linda has the hots for Dave. That's why she
was going out with you-- to get to him." "Why didn't you tell ME?" "I
tried, don't you remember? But you wouldn't listen to me." Thinking back,
I guess she did. Who listens to their kid sisters anyway? I put my hand on
by forehead and lay back on the couch cushion. Women! They were just too
much for a guy like me. Now no girlfriend! How was I ever going to
finally score? After a time of listening to the comedy show on the TV, I
pulled my hand away to watch. That's when I noticed Ellen's legs on my
lap. She had stretched herself out on the couch again and, I guess, I was
in the way. My eyes looked down at her feet, in my lap, and then up her
legs and her thighs to the seat of her yellow shorts. I could see the
crotch of her white panties, in the leg opening, and make out the outline
of her pussy. Her pussy? Ellen's? What was I looking at? I quickly averted
my eyes back to the TV. "Shit, Ellie!" I yelled. "Do you have to lay all
over me?" She sat up, next to me, with a hurt expression on her pretty
face. "What did I do?" "Oh, it's not you," I said as I wrapped an arm
around her shoulders. I guess I'm mad at myself." She put her head on my
shoulder, to return my hug, and I could suddenly smell the sweetness of her
blond hair. "Forget about Linda," she said. "Lay down on the couch and
relax and watch TV. There's room behind me." Ellen lay back down, but
scooted forward and tapped the empty space in back of her. What the hell, I
thought and kicked my shoes off and lay on my side with my sister in front
of me. "Where's Mom and Dad?" I asked wearily. "Oh, they went to a party
somewhere. They didn't say when they'd come home." Hell. When they went
to parties they were out all night. Dad would be cranky in the morning, I
thought, as I began to watch the program over Ellen's head. I couldn't
concentrate on the TV however. I kept looking at Ellen as she lay with her
back to me. The curve of her hips was so very evident now and the slimness
of her waist and (looking down) I could see the jutting of her breasts in
her t-shirt. I could suddenly feel my dick hardening quickly in my jeans.
I pulled my middle back so that she wouldn't feel it against her. How dare
it respond to Ellen like that! I tried again to watch the show, but I could
smell the sweetness of that sandy hair in front of my nose again and
something else - Ellen's fragrance. Not a perfume, like Linda's, but a
natural, homey, girlish kinda smell. My dick was as hard as a pipe now.
God, I shouldn't be feeling like this, I told myself. Ellen is my sister!
I have feelings for her. I love her, I guess. I shouldn't be feeling lust
for her. I should be protecting her from things like this. I put my arm
around her waist and gave her a squeeze and felt her put her hand lightly
on my arm in sisterly affection. It was alright, I told myself. My
hormones had just crossed my wires for a moment. I watched the TV, for a
time, and things were calming down. But then Ellen casually shifted
herself, on the couch, and her round butt was pressed up against my dick
again. Instantly my receding boner hardened back to lead-pipe life. God
no! She would be able to feel it! Wouldn't she? Didn't she? Was she
possibly so naive that she couldn't recognize a guy's stiff hard-on, right
at the crack of her ass? What was going on, my idiotic brain asked me? Was
it possible that she KNEW that I was stimulated and LIKED IT? Oh man! I
was starting to tremble with excitement. What was she thinking?  What was
she trying to do? There was no way that she couldn't feel it. Did she
WANT my boner there? I looked at as much of her face as I could see,
propped up on her arm. She was just looking ahead at the TV. She looked
perfectly normal.

   I wanted to move back but there was no room on the couch.  God, her
shapely ass felt good. It was so soft and yet firm feeling as it pressed
against me. I moved my arm up on her body a bit so that my hand was just
below her breasts. I could feel the outline of the bottom of her bra on my
palm and the softness of her tits on the side of my hand. Ellen didn't
stir. She just kept watching TV. Was it okay that my hand was there? She
didn't mind? Or was she even aware of it? Her hand was still on my
forearm. She could pull my arm away if she wanted to. Did she know that I
was (sorta) copping a feel? Man, I was shaking almost from the excitement
of this. My mind was racing now with a lot of crazy messages from my nuts.
I had to take a chance. A BIG chance. An awful chance! I had to know
what would happen. I couldn't let this opportunity pass me by and never
know what she was thinking. I debated it, over and over, in my mind,
wondering what she would do or say or how she would react, and then
(cautiously) I did it. I placed my hand squarely over the soft swell of
her left breast, watching her face for the first flash of horror and shock
so that I could recoil from her retributional attack. But nothing. She
didn't move. She didn't even seem to notice at all. She just kept staring
forward at the TV. Was this for real? Could this be? I had my hand on a
girl's breast and I wasn't being pushed away? Girl? Well, yes! This was
Ellen. This was my sister. But it was a girl. A real live girl! And she
was letting me touch her! Her breast was so soft and yet firm (as I held
it) and was just a little under the size of a softball. I could feel its
hard nipple, under my palm, and I began to squeeze her breast and rub and
fondle that nipple through the material of her shirt and bra. Oh, man it
felt exquisite! It was so warm and delicate in my hand! I rubbed and
petted and fondled for quite a while, all the time my hard dick strained
into that soft behind. It felt like my cock was going to explode! I was
aching to feel more! I moved my hand slowly down her body to the loose
bottom of her shirt, slipped my hand inside and then ran it up her warm
stomach. God, Ellen's skin was so very smooth. Like a baby's skin. I came
to her rib cage and then to her bra and I pushed my hand under the elastic
so I could hold and feel the actual soft, hot flesh of her tender breast.
Glancing over, I could see that she still seemed to be occupied with
nothing but the TV. Her eyes just stared blankly forward, with no
expression revealed in her face at all, as I held the flesh of her warm tit
in my hand. What kind of a game was this? How was I supposed to play it?
What were the rules? What was going on in her head? Was she enjoying this
as much as I was? Or was she actually horror stricken and shocked and just
too surprised and embarrassed to say anything? I couldn't figure it out,
but I was just too horny to think right now. Her large nipple stood out and
became hard as I continued to rub and stroke and squeeze and pet her
spongy, soft breast for many long minutes. I became aware that I was now
pushing my dick up against her round butt, over and over, in a slow,
fucking kind of a motion. I was lost. My brain wasn't working now at all.
Only my lust was doing the thinking and it wanted to explore and find out
how much more she would permit me to do with her. I removed my hand from my
sister's bra and caressed it softly down her smooth, flat stomach, out of
the heat of her shirt, and then down the outside of her yellow shorts until
I came to the hard bone at her crotch. I pushed my hand between her legs
and began to squeeze and rub Ellen's pussy, through the material, pushing
her lower body back onto my thrusting cock. Now I felt her put her hand
back on by forearm. This was it, I thought. She was going to pull my arm
away from her and put a halt to all this. But no. She just lightly held
her hand on my arm. She didn't even blink as I looked at the side of her
face again. She showed absolutely no reaction to the fact that I was now
squeezing and rubbing the very alluring, soft area between her thighs.

    Damn, I thought, this is just too incredible! If this were a game,
that she was playing with me, it was too late for her to stop me from
progressing now. I pulled my hand from her crotch and (without giving it a
second thought) I thrust it down into the front of her shorts. Ellen's
skin, at her lower belly, was silky smooth and hot and so unbelievably soft
under my hand and the material of her panties was so sexy feeling on my
knuckles. I pushed down, into her pants, until my fingertips came to her
soft covering of hair.  It was the first time that I had ever felt one of
these things. I had only seen pictures and heard stories until now. (Oh,
I had seen Ellen's pussy before but that was when we were little.) It was
so sensual and exquisite feeling. Her hair, at the jut of her pubic mound,
was so much softer than that of my own. My hand was restricted in the
material of her pants, but I forced my fingers down to where I could feel
the actual delicate, puffy swells of her pussy lips and their sparse
covering of hair. I pet her there, softly for a time, trembling because of
my excitement and the knowledge that she was allowing me to explore such a
mysterious and forbidden part of her. I carefully worked a finger into the
notch, between the furry lips, and was stunned by the amount of slick
wetness I found in there. I could feel the bump of her clitoris and, as my
fingertip touched it, I heard the breath catch in Ellen's throat. It was
the first sign of life that she had shown. I looked down at her face and
now her eyes were closed and I could see that she was softly biting her
lower lip. I began to rub her clit between my (now slippery) fingers and
listened as her breathing became erratic. I noticed that my sister had
opened her legs a little for me because my hand now had more room to work.
I pushed myself further into her pants and I could feel the moist crotch of
her panties, on the back of my hand, as I now burrowed my middle finger
deeper into her warm, wet pussy. I was aware of something else now, too.
There was a new aroma in the room. I couldn't place exactly what it was,
but I was becoming even more stimulated by it as I explored into the
mysteries of her most intimate area. Gently working my finger even further
into her, I came to the slight obstruction of my sister's virginity. I
knew what it was (and I didn't want to mess around with that) so I pulled
my fingers back and concentrated my attention on her clitoris again. I
could tell that she liked being touched there and I began to swirl my
slippery fingertips around that firm little bump again and again. I could
feel her responding by pressing her lower body alternately into my hand and
back onto my excited cock. Ellen was breathing heavily in a matter of
moments and she began to maneuver herself around more quickly on my hand.
It was as if she had suddenly taken over. I just let her churn her soft
pussy on my fingers. I figured that she knew what felt good to her.
Suddenly she stiffened herself and straightened her legs, strongly
squeezing my trapped hand between her soft thighs and against her hot,
sopping crotch. Strange squeaking sounds were coming from her nostrils now
and I suddenly realized that she was cumming. That I was making her cum!
Just the thought of that (and her churning against my rock-hard cock) had
me ready to shoot my load, inside my pants, and I pushed my other arm under
her so I could hold her small, curvy body against me and fuck at her soft
butt to get me over. But Ellen suddenly released from her orgasm and she
went limp, in my arms, for a moment. Then she pulled my hand quickly out
of her pants and sat up. Her face was red and her blue eyes were wide open
and wet and her body was heaving as she panted loudly. She emitted a
breathless little cry and put her hand over her gaping mouth to cover it.
"What's wrong?" I asked in a hoarse croak. She didn't say anything. She
just got abruptly up and ran hurriedly out of the living room and up the
stairs. I was dumbfounded. Why did she do that? Was it because of what I
had done? Aw fuck, I thought to myself. I was far too horny and wound up
to think about it right now. I lay quickly on my back and undid my jeans,
pulling them down a bit to expose my hard cock. I brushed the hair back
from my forehead and, as I did, I could smell my sister's pussy on my
fingers. It was a pungent, girlish, wonderfully intoxicating odor. The
same tantalizing aroma that I had detected earlier but now very sharp and
close. I put my fingers to my nose and thrilled as I sniffed the smell of
pussy and began to jack off. I must have only jacked on it seven or eight
times before I shot my load like I never believed I could. The cum must
have spurted seven feet in the air! It sprayed all the way over to the
coffee table and I just kept cumming and cumming. It was the greatest
orgasm of my life! But then, released from my hormonal frenzy, I was
suddenly overtaken by the idea of what I had done. Man, was I an asshole!
I had jerked off my little sister! What the hell had gotten into me? And
what was she going to do about it? Would she tell Dad? God, did that
thought scare the shit out of me! If Dad found out that I had touched his
little Ellen like that, he'd beat me to death with a baseball bat. And I
couldn't blame him. I'd do the same thing! What should I do now? Tell her
I'm sorry? Tell her it will never happen again? God, I don't want her to
hate me! I love her! I want her to look up to me! Shit! What a fucking
moron I am, I thought.

   I got up and fastened my pants and then I went right up to her room.
"Ellie," I called through the door, but she didn't answer. I tried the
knob, but it was locked. Shit, I thought. I'm in more trouble than I had
ever been in my life! I leaned against the door in despair for a moment,
but then, being so tired now, I decided to just say "Fuck it" and go to
bed. I'd have to face the consequences in the morning.

Chapter 2

   The next day I felt like a real jerk. I was afraid to go downstairs. I
just lay in bed, for a long time, ashamed (and mad as hell at myself) for
what I had done last night. I was too embarrassed to see my sister and very
scared of what my Dad might do. When I finally worked up enough gumption to
go down, I was surprised to find everything and everyone behaving normally.
Dad was reading the paper and Mom was going over the bills while Ellen
talked on the phone to one of her girlfriends. She's been up, with them,
for hours. She must not have said anything. Mom stopped her check writing
and made me breakfast and Dad told us that he was taking us to the State
game this afternoon. Ellen was really excited about that and went on
telling her girlfriend all about it. It wasn't until the next day, after
church, that me and Ellen were alone. She was sitting on the sofa, still
wearing her pretty church dress and reading SEVENTEEN when I came in and
sat next to her. "Ellie..." I began but she stopped me. "That was a great
game yesterday, huh?" "Yeah," I answered, puzzled. "I hope Dad get's
tickets before the season is over again...." she went on and I realized
that she (like me) wanted to just forget all about what had happened and
pretend it never did. That was great. I was still unsure of how I stood
with her and that everything would be normal again so, when she got up to
go change, I stopped her. "Ellen," I said with rising fear and
embarrassment, "do you still... love me?" She ran to me quickly and wrapped
her arms around my neck. "Of course I do, you silly ass!" she said and she
kissed my cheek and then ran upstairs. That was it then. Things were fine.
I was afraid for nothing.

   The next few weeks went pretty normal. Linda was with Dave now and
(though I had a few girls who I talked to at school) I had no real
girlfriend and no dates. The rotten part was that I began to think about
Ellen and what I had done with her. The thought of her smell and her warm
pussy in my hand would make me so horny that I would have to sneak into a
john stall and jack off into the toilet just to cool down. I started to
feel awkward around her and unable to talk small-talk (with her) about
school and friends because (as much as I tried to stop myself) I couldn't
keep from thinking about what it would be like to actually fuck her. I know
that sounds crazy. I guess it was. But my thought processes were clouded by
my desire for pussy. Any pussy! And my sexy little sister had let me touch
and explore her. She had allowed me access to the mystery of her
femininity. No other girl had ever done that for me. And, I reasoned, if
she had let me touch her once, wouldn't she allow me to do it again? Friday
night, Mom and Dad were away again and I was watching a movie while Ellen
lay on the floor and gabbed with Alfred E. Newman on the phone. She was
wearing a pink night-shirt and white panties and that was about it. I
watched her as she lay on her stomach and causally waved her legs in the
air and talked. I couldn't keep my eyes away from her. When she had hung up
she turned her attention to the movie and I could see the crotch of her
panties, between her slightly parted thighs. I had a boner like you
wouldn't believe! I wanted her body so bad that I was trembling.

   I couldn't stand it any longer. "Ellie," I called to her and she sat up
and turned to me, sitting Indian style, with her knees up and her ankles
crossed. She seemed to be all legs and underpants now. "What?" She smiled
up at me. What was I going to say? How could I ask her for what I wanted?
Sitting there, like that, she seemed so sweet and innocent. I was kind of
afraid and oddly embarrassed. "Come here." I told her. "No," she said,
still smiling sweetly. "You come down here." I moved like a rocket and sat
down next to her on the carpet. "Ellie," I asked, into her smiling, pretty
features, "do you ever think about what we did a few weeks ago?" As I said
it, I reached between her open legs and rubbed the soft crotch of her
panties, feeling the twin pillows of her pussy and the indention of her
slit through the warm material. Her face turned instantly sour and then her
blue eyes went wide in shocked surprise. "No!" she gasped into my face,
stretching the word in astonishment, and she roughly pulled my hand from
her crotch and pushed it back at me. Her face was burning red now and her
eyes seemed to bore into mine as she leaned to me and firmly said, "Don't
you EVER touch me, like that, again or I'll tell Mom and Dad what you did!"
She got to her feet quickly and angrily stomped upstairs, leaving me alone
on the carpet. I could hear her moving around in the bathroom as I sat on
the floor and thought about what an absolute asshole I was for asking her.
After a few minutes I heard her go into her room, slamming the door. Great.
Now what must she think of me? What a piece of shit I truly am! Why did I
have to ask her? Why didn't I control myself? I turned off the TV and went
up to go to bed and try and forget about what a stupid thing I had done -
again! What was she going to do now? Would she just forget about it again
(like the last time) or would she really tell Mom or Dad, when they got
home, to put a stop to me? As I went into the bathroom, I saw her panties
on the floor by the clothes chute. I couldn't help myself. I picked them up
and examined the crotch. It was wet with her fluids. I put it to my nose
and I could strongly smell that enticing pussy scent again. Now I could see
myself, in the mirror, with my sister's underpants at my face. Did I look
like a perverted fucker! Feeling like total shit now, I dropped the
panties, turned out the light and went into my room. Man, I was really low!
I sat on the edge of my bed for a time and put my face in my hands. That's
when I heard her come into my room. I looked up and she was just standing
there in front of me. "What?" I asked, afraid that she was going to slap me
now or yell at me again for what I had done downstairs. She didn't say
anything. She just reached over and placed her index finger under my nose.
It was moist and strong with the smell of her pussy. I knew immediately
what this gesture meant. Letting me sniff her very private smell was her
way of granting me consent without having to say a word. Man, did my
hormones kick in! I looked up at her face. It held the same vacant, longing
expression that I saw on my own face (in the bathroom mirror) when I was
smelling her panties. I grabbed the bottom of her pink night-shirt and
pulled it up, exposing her curves to me. She wasn't wearing any underpants
and I could see her pussy right in front of my face. It was the most
attractive thing I had ever seen in my life. It looked so much different
than the last time I had seen it-- when we were both younger. Ellen now had
pretty, ash colored pussy hair. It was only slightly curly and the hairs
were not very long. The little patch only covered from just above her pubic
bone and then between her legs. I could see the slit between her puffy
pussy lips and the button of her clit protruding slightly. I leaned my face
over to smell her. Her sexual fragrance was very sharp in my nostrils now
as I inhaled. God! My hormones were on fire for it! I put my face to the
soft hair and I kissed it. I kissed and kissed and kissed that beautiful
thing, savoring its alluring odor while I did it. I put my hands on her
soft ass cheeks and pushed her lower body to my face. I began to work my
kisses into the moist slot between the furry, fleshy pads of her pussy and
I could detect her feminine secretions clinging to my lips. I put my tongue
out to taste her.

   My sister's pussy was sweet but with a salty, lemony tang. I dropped to
the floor, in front of her, and she held up the hem of her night-shirt and
lifted one foot onto the bed, to open herself for me, as I grasped her
baby-soft hips and continued kissing (and now licking) into the tasty,
scented slit between her silky legs. Ellen gripped my shoulders, to steady
herself, and I could sense her body quivering and hear her voice making the
sweetest little chirping sounds as I licked into her. Nothing I had ever
done, in all my life, turned me on as much as this did. I had to have more
of it! "Lay on the bed," I looked up and told her, my voice just a quaking
whisper. Ellen didn't say a word but she quickly did as I had instructed,
laying herself back on the bed with her legs slightly apart and pulling the
bottom of her night-shirt up to her thin waist. I wasn't sure of how far I
should go with her. I was beyond mere arousal now. I was trembling from the
effects of pure lust. I got half way on the bed, next to her, so that my
face was just above her pussy and I placed my hands on her warm thighs to
spread her limbs a little more for me. I pushed my tongue into the oily-wet
cleft, between her tender pussy lips, licking and tasting the lemony flavor
of her most personal place. The whole time Ellen made more little squeaking
noises as the thrill, of what I was doing to her, made the breath catch in
her throat. I could tell that she liked it because of those sounds she was
making and because she began pushing her pussy up, at my face, from the
bed. It was wonderful! I took Ellen's leg and pulled it over my head so
that I could fully expose her to me. Her thighs were wide apart now, as I
lay on my stomach with my face at her crotch. I used my fingers to gently
separate the, slightly hair covered, billowy lips of her pussy. I could see
the pinkness of her delicate inner skin and (under the protrusion of her
clitoris) into the dainty appearing orifice of her vagina. It was
glistening wet and open. It beckoned for me to explore and taste it.
Ellen's hand (with her pink, painted fingernails) suddenly covered the open
display. I took her hand away and held it to her soft thigh as I pushed my
face to her parted crotch and stuck my tongue deep into her warm vagina.
Her hand squeezed mine tightly and I could hear her breathing stop and see
the muscles of her flat stomach go rigid as I entered her. I explored into
her velvety slick opening, noticing that the abundant nectar, within her
sexual entrance, was very sweet tasting and slippery. I suddenly remembered
a part of an old rhyme that Mom used to tell us when we were little: "Sugar
and spice and everything nice - that's what little girls are made of." Had
the author of that poem ever done this to one? Ellen put her hands softly
to my cheeks and pushed me back. "Don't do it in there, Danny," she said
breathlessly, "it's way too sensitive." She guided my face up so that my
mouth was on the folds of skin at her clitoris and I began to swirl my
tongue around that, daintily soft, rigid little button in the slot of her
pussy. Her scented hairs tickled my nose as I thrilled from the effects of
both smelling and tasting her sex. Ellen's body quaked and shuddered with
each movement of my tongue now. I knew that I had her highly aroused and I
was overjoyed at my ability to give her such pleasure. As I licked her, I
pulled off my shorts. I didn't know what I was going to do with her next
but I had to have all of her! Just then her little body stiffened, like on
the couch, and she grabbed my hair and pulled my face into her. My tongue
sank deep into her spasming vaginal hole as her warm thighs closed to the
sides of my cheeks and began to squeeze. Her lower body churned her pussy
on me as she came. My mouth filled with sweet, slimy Ellen and I excitedly
swallowed but kept my tongue working, inside of her, so that she would "get
off" real good. Then she suddenly went limp and was panting, on her back,
as I continued to lap into the slippery folds of her sex. Something
appeared in front of my face and I was momentarily licking the back of her
hand as she had covered herself again and was now pushing my face away from
her crotch.

   I got to my knees, breathing loudly from my sexual excitement, my face
wet, from my little sister's pussy, and my large, rigid pole jerking and
standing up in front of me. Ellen's eyes seemed to go two sizes wider and
she sat up and looked at my dick with an odd, fearful stare for a moment. I
started to crawl on top of her but she scampered back from me and then got
off the bed quickly, running out and shutting my door behind her. What the
fuck? I wondered. I jumped up and went to her bedroom door but it was
locked again. "Ellie?" No answer. "Ellen, I'm pretty worked up here! I need
a little attention." But it was still quiet. After a few moments, I
resigned myself that it was over and went into the bathroom to jack off. I
picked up her panties, from the hard tile floor, and sniffed the spicy,
drying pussy spot as I jerked on my raging cock. Just before cumming, I
sucked on the slimy stain and then, as the salty-sweet taste of her pussy
again filled my mouth, jet after jet of cum shot out of me and splashed
into the toilet. I almost fell over from the intensity of my orgasm. When I
went downstairs, the next morning, I fully expected to find my Mom and my
sister crying in each others arms and my Dad coming at me with one of the
kitchen knives. But no. Everything was normal. Dad was finishing his coffee
and Mom was putting on her coat. "Good morning, Son," she greeted me,
smiling brightly. "There's leftover pancakes, in the oven, for you." She
jestured toward the stove now. "Me and your father are taking your sister
to her dental appointment," she said, and then she called out to the
livingroom, "Ellie! Get moving, young lady. We're going to be late!" Dad
gulped down the last of his coffee and he and my Mother went out to the
car. I sat down at the kitchen table as my sister came in, buttoning her
blue coat. "Gosh, I hate the dentist, Danny," she said, as she pulled her
blond hair up from her collar. "I wish they weren't in such a hurry." I was
quite aware that she hadn't told on me but I had to know how she was
feeling this morning. She sure seemed scared of me, when she ran off, last
night. "Ellie...." "Thank God it's just a cleaning," she went on, pulling
her red, wool cap onto her head. The car horn sounded impatiently from
outside. "Gotta' go!" Ellen said melodically, and she went quickly out the
kitchen door. Sitting alone now, I started to think about everything. It
was just like the last time. Like she was pretending that it hadn't
happened at all. Her not wanting to talk, to me, about what I did with her,
made me come to the conclusion that she must be feeling really bad and
ashamed and embarrassed about it now. And that thought suddenly made me
feel real odd and guilty. And, thinking about it some more, I realized that
the fact that she hadn't told Mom and Dad was an indication that my sister
really cared about me and didn't want to see me hurt or kicked out of the
house, in spite of the fact that I was being such an asshole and abusing
her. Damn me! I made a resolution that day: No matter what, I could not
allow myself to ever get carried away and do anything, like that, with her
again! I had to protect my sister-- from me! For the next week, I avoided
Ellen as much as I could. And this made me feel even worse. After all, she
was my sister. I wanted and needed to have a relationship with her. But a
NORMAL relationship! And I didn't know if I could do this right now. Not
with my raging, teenage hormones. Girls and sex and pussy were on my mind,
even more than ever, now that I had felt and smelled and touched (and even
tasted) Ellen. When I wasn't at school (where all the pretty girls were) or
at home (keeping myself away from my sister), I was locked in my room,
jacking off, just to keep my sanity. What I needed was a girlfriend.
Desperately! That would solve my problems. Another girl, who would let me
work off these sexual needs on her, would naturally take any thoughts of
sex, with Ellen, away from me.

   On Wednesday afternoon, as I was up in my room studying for exams, Ellen
came in, still in her blue skirt and green and white checkered top from
school. "What's up, Danny?" "Just schoolwork," I answered, not looking up
at her. She sat down on the edge of my bed and watched me for a while. I
could hear her sigh loudly (every so often) as I tried to read my textbook,
and take notes. It was very distracting. I wanted to ignore her but I
couldn't keep myself from glancing over, as she sat there, with her shapely
legs crossed and her hands clasped on her exposed knee. I looked back down,
at my book, and tried to forget that she was even there but my eyes kept
looking up and over to the swells of her breasts, in her blouse, and the
evident curves of her body, as she sat so demurely and absently watched
herself rocking her foot up and down. I tried to concentrate, once more, on
what I was writing but, as I glanced over to her again, she was now leaning
back and awkwardly reaching, across my bed, for a discarded magazine. As
the effort caused her legs to part, I could suddenly see up in her skirt
and I caught a fleeting glimpse of her panties between her thighs. Shit!
"What do you WANT?" I asked her, irritated. "Oh," she said, sitting up, "I
don't know. I just wanted company." I put down my pencil and went over to
the bed and sat down beside her, taking my magazine from her hands and
tossing it on the floor.  "Company?" I asked. "What kind of company?" "You
know.... " Her expression was pained. Like she wanted to say something to
me but she couldn't. "No. I DON'T know." I said with rising agitation. She
smiled shyly and her face blushed red as she put her small hand over her
mouth and leaned to my ear to whisper (even though we were the only ones in
the house). "Danny, I want to do sex with you again." "Shit, Ellie!" I was
mad now. "What about last time? You left me all horny and wouldn't do
anything!" "God, Danny!" She looked embarrassed. "I don't know what to do!
You have to show me! And besides, after I get that good feeling, I suddenly
don't want it anymore. I kinda feel funny. I feel sorta bad. I don't
know.... I HAVE to get off!" "No Ellie," I said with resolution as I stood
and coaxed her up from my bed. "No, we can't do that anymore. You're my
sister! I've thought about it a lot and it would be better, for the both of
us, if we never do it with each other again!" Her head bent as she turned
to go but then she turned back to me and smiled devilishly. I watched her
as she bent her knee and worked her hand, up under her skirt, for a moment.
Then she pulled her hand out and put her now pasty finger under my nose
again and grinned as she watched me sniff in the sharp, spicy fragrance of
her pussy. My eyes closed and my brain quit working instantly. That smell!
It made the urge to have her grip me with a fury. My cock sprang up, in my
pants, so quick that it shocked me.  She knew (very well now) how much her
intimate scent intoxicated and controlled me. I took her shoulders and she
let me lay her back on the bed. Her face held a look of excited expectancy
as I reached up in her skirt and pulled her soft panties down her legs and
off of her. The cotton crotch was really soaked. My dick was pounding hard
and I pulled off my jeans and shorts and leaned over her to push her skirt
up to her hips.  I had never seen anything as desirable as this girl
looked, laying on my bed, with her legs apart and her sweet pussy exposed
for me. I had to have her! I got on the bed, between her legs, and then I
gently lay myself fully on top of her. God! She was so warm and delicate
feeling under me. I could feel the soft mounds of her breasts and her
heartbeat against my chest and I could sense the rhythm of her breathing
beneath me.

   I held her and melted into her warm closeness for a time, smelling her
sweet fragrance as I held my face to her cheek and hugged her to me. I
could feel the delicate tickle of her pubic hair on my stiff cock and the
extreme softness of her warm inner thighs on my bare hips. Ellen was
panting in my ear and kissing my cheek and running her hands up and down my
heaving back. I lifted my head and I looked into her serious, eager blue
eyes. Eyes full of excitement and longing. There was no way to stop the
progression of events now. My dick was doing all the thinking for me and it
wanted her more than it had ever wanted anything in it's life. And that (at
that moment) was somehow okay with me. Gazing closely into her eager
expression, I wanted her too. I brought my face down to hers and I gently
kissed my sister's soft, full lips and (when I did) her eyes closed and her
mouth opened for me and my own little Ellen kissed me in a way that Linda
(or no other girl) could ever kiss. It made my cock go three stages harder.
I had kissed her before but never like this. It was magical the way her
mouth sucked and her sweet tongue worked at mine. Where had she ever
learned to do that? Not breaking our kiss, I put my hand down between us
and maneuvered the head of my dick around in the slick notch of her hot,
open pussy. My rigid cock throbbed, in my hand, as it found her opening and
took full possession of me. I entered her very slowly because of the
restriction of her small vagina. I had to push in hard but, because she was
so lubricated, I could feel my sensitive member slowly and deliciously
penetrating into her. I had no thoughts about not proceeding now. The
sexual sensations, charging from my loins, were far too overwhelming!
Ellen's body stiffened under me and she whimpered slightly and sucked my
mouth hard as my cock broke past her maidenhead. I had just taken my little
sister's cherry. I carefully pressed myself into her some more until I
could feel the contact of her furry pubic mound at the base of my shaft. I
was now inside of her completely. It felt so good. She was unbelievably
tight! My cock never felt this much pure sensation in my hand. It was so
hot inside of her and slippery and very restricted and I knew that my dick
was meant for this place. I lay still for a while, holding her tightly and
kissing her mouth deeply now. I could feel my hard cock twitching within
her body, urging me to action. But I didn't want to hurt her (with it) and
I didn't want this moment (of just being joined with her) to ever end. I
can't begin to tell you how wonderful it felt to be inside of her. It was
like we were now one person. Ellen spread her legs a little more and lifted
one knee so that she could push her pussy up at me. I could feel the
hardness of her small pubic bone pushing against my own and my cock-head
pressing even further into the hot depth of her belly. I almost screamed
from the thrill of the sensation. Instead I sucked the sweetness of her
open mouth and I began to slowly fuck my sister's delicate, tight little
hole. Ellen wrapped her arms around me and she started to move her hips up
and down to match my fucking motion. I started to fuck her faster and we
were soon churning ourselves together in nasty, forbidden sex, right there
on my bed, in a frenzy. Every thrust sent new thrills and sensations
through my deeply buried cock. Sex, with an actual girl, felt even better
than I had (for years) imagined it would and I could tell that it was just
as sensational for my sister because she was now moaning into my face,
through her nose, as she sucked harder on my mouth and eagerly worked her
hips up under me. It felt as if she were trying to draw me into her body
through both her mouth and her pussy. Suddenly, I could feel myself
starting to cum and, for some reason, it shocked me back to the reality of
what I was doing. I couldn't come in my sister! What if I got her pregnant?
God! What a mess that would be! What would we have? A son? A nephew? I
pulled it out of her in a quick jerk, rising to my knees, between her
parted legs, and jacking my cum all over Ellen's spread thighs and
dark-blond pussy and exposed stomach and blue skirt and checked blouse.
Hell, it even shot up to her face! A split-moment later, seeing my baby
sister with my jizz on her lips soured my stomach. I jumped off of the bed.

    "Get out of here!" I yelled down to her surprised face. "Danny!" "Oh,
come on Ellie," I shouted at her. "We went too far! I shouldn't have fucked
you! I could make you have a baby!" She sat up, wiping the sperm and the
tears of frustration from her face. "Danny," she cried, "I want it! It felt
so good!" "Come on, Sis! Shit! Go away! Get the hell out of here!" I
yelled, at her, in guilt induced anger. I watched her face cringe at each
of my raging words and then she pulled her skirt down over her pussy and
slowly moved to sit at the edge of my bed. She bent her head and put her
hands over her face. I could see her tremble and hear her crying now.
Behind her, I could see the small red spot that she had made on my sheet.
(What would I tell Mom about THAT?) "Alright!" she suddenly cried as she
abruptly stood up and walked to the door, leaving me standing there and
thinking (again) about what a fucking idiot I was. "But remember this," she
said as she turned and pointed her finger at me. Tears streamed down her
cheeks and there was a firmness in her little voice, "You broke my cherry,
Danny! You got my virginity! You took something very special away from me!"
Was I in trouble again? Was she mad enough to really tell our parents this
time? "....and whoever fucks me in the future won't matter," she continued,
"because I'll always belong to you!" With that, she walked out and softly
closed the door.

Chapter 3


   When I woke up the following morning, I felt a sickness in my stomach at
the idea that I had actually fucked my little sister. I couldn't believe
that I had done it. I felt terrible. I tried to recreate what had taken
place so that I could justify why I would have done such an awful thing.
But thinking about what I did, and remembering how my dick felt inside of
her, caused me to get a super hard erection. Damn that crazy thing! It had
no conscience or consideration. It seemed to have a mind of it's own. It
seemed to be fully out of my control. I could do nothing but grasp it and
start jerking it off so that I could get on with the day. As I jerked on it
I remembered how Ellen looked, on the bed with her skirt up and her legs
apart. Her small pussy exposed for me. I remembered laying on her and that
wonderful kiss and the closeness of our bodies and how terrific the
sensations of that first penetration. I remembered fucking her and how she
had fucked back and that sensational feeling of approaching orgasm. Orgasm?
Had I pulled it out of her before it started? Did I get any in her? Man, it
was shooting as I pulled it out! What if I HAD gotten some of my cum in
Ellen? Would she get pregnant? Shit! My boner evaporated in my hand as I
thought about it.  No! I told myself. I pulled it out in time! I KNOW I
did! But, then I remembered what Mr. Hanson had said in health class; that
the penis releases some sperm all through intercourse. FUCK! My stomach
began to knot tightly. What if Ellen IS pregnant? What would I do? Man,
would we be in trouble! Shit, it would be trouble enough if Ellen got
knocked up by ANYBODY! But by ME? I couldn't allow myself to think about it
anymore. It was just too horrifying! I got up and took a shower and dressed
for school. Everybody was having breakfast when I came down. "Good morning,
Danny," Mom said, as she put a plate down for me. I looked at the eggs and
bacon and my stomach turned and twisted. I couldn't bear to look over at my
sister. "I don't think I can eat, Mom." I said. "My stomach is a little
messed up." "Dear," Mom said as he came over to me and put her hand on my
forehead, "are you sick?" "He's okay," Ellen said from the table in a
bright, happy voice, "he's just got exams today."

   It was good to hear her sounding so natural this morning. It eased the
pain in my gut a little bit. I looked at her and she smiled at me. Her
blond hair was all fresh and shiny and clean looking and it reflected the
sunshine from the window behind her. She looked so cute in her white blouse
with the little green tie at the neck. "Yeah," I said to Mom, "I'm a little
nervous about these exams." Mom was relieved that I wasn't sick and so was
Dad, who wanted me to take care of the yard when I came home from school
today. They finished their breakfast and both of them left for work,
leaving me and Ellen alone. As soon as I heard their cars pull away I moved
a chair over to Ellen's and sat down next to her. "Listen, Sis. I'm really
scared about what we did yesterday." Her face took on a look of curiosity
at my tone of voice and what I had said. "Scared? Why?" "Ellen," I said
emphatically, "don't you know what screwing is all about? I could get you
pregnant doing that!" "Oh," she said calmly, "you pulled it out." "It
doesn't matter. It could still happen if I pull it out or not." "Well," she
said, "don't worry about it. I'm NOT pregnant." I couldn't believe the way
she sounded so calm and so certain in the face of something this serious.
"How do you KNOW?" "Because I got my period this morning." "Oh.. wow.. " I
said lamely. I felt oddly embarrassed because my sister had never discussed
anything as personal as her periods with me before. But why shouldn't she
now? After all, we had been lovers. "So that means you're not pregnant?"
"As far as I know it does," she said, leaning to me now and smiling sweetly
into my worried expression. "Chill out, Danny. A girl can't be pregnant and
get her period." Ellen got up and put the breakfast things in the
dishwasher while I (suddenly hungry) wolfed down the bacon and eggs. I
drove her to school with me and we parked in the student lot. I still felt
guilty about fucking her and taking her virginity from her. I just knew
that it wasn't my place to have done it and that I had somehow dishonored
my duty as her big brother and did something dirty with a very sweet and
lovely girl. "Ellie," I said, looking out the windshield because I was too
embarrassed to face her, "I'm sorry about what I did to you yesterday."
"Did to me? What did you do?" "You know.... I never should have.... fucked
you. I blame myself. It wasn't your fault. We've been playing with this sex
thing and I let it go too far. My horniness is just taking control of me.
Boys are animals, Sis! We really are dirty things!" Ellen put her little
hand on my knee and looked directly into my eyes. "Danny, I wanted it! I
asked you for it. We did it together, remember?" "But I started it... that
day on the couch. I never should have touched you like that. You're not
like me, Ellie. Girls are different. They're not horny all the time like
guys are. You've always been so..... sweet and nice. I'm such a dirty
bastard!" Ellen laughed. "Danny, you nitwit! I've been getting horny and
playing with myself (down there) since I was thirteen!" "You have?" I was
astonished. I would never have imagined Ellen doing such a thing. "And who
do you think I always fantasized about when I did it?" "I don't know..." I
thought about who would appeal her. "Donny Osmond? Eddie...?" "I always
thought about YOU, Danny." "Me?" "Sure," she said, putting her hand on my
shoulder. "You're my big brother. You love me. You would never hurt me or
be mean to me. I trust you, Danny. I love you." God, she was embarrassing
the hell out of me! I could feel my eyes going watery and something made me
wrap my arms around her and hug her to me tightly and kiss her soft cheek.
She hugged me back. "I do love you Ellie," I said. "That's why we can't do
this sex thing with each other anymore. It feels so good but it's just not
right." "I'll do whatever you say, Danny," she said closely, into my ear.

   "I trust you to tell me what's right." With that, she let me go and got
out of the car. That week I concentrated on school work and going out for
the track team. I also tried to ask out a few girls but none seemed to be
available. Ellen and me shared a pretty normal relationship for the
remainder of that week and on into the next. We went to a family reunion
for Thanksgiving. It was at Uncle Ralph's house. It was a pretty good time
(for a family thing) with a big dinner and everyone dressed up. Ellen wore
a light blue, frilly dress that all the Aunts and girl cousins raved about.
She did look so very sexy in it too. Uncle Paul embarrassed her when he
hugged her at the dinner table and loudly said, to everyone, "Look how our
little Ellie has blossomed in the last year!" In fact, I found myself
staring at her (from time to time) as she talked and joked with our
relatives. I could feel myself getting a boner from the sight of her. It
was late when we drove home. It was quite a drive (about an hour) and Mom
fell asleep in the front seat while Dad drove. Me and Ellen were in the
back and I was just watching the cars go by on the freeway. I suddenly felt
Ellen's hand on mine and I looked over and saw her smile at me. I smiled
back and looked back out the side window. That's when I felt her take my
hand and move it over to her. She placed it on her frilly lap for a mile or
so and then suddenly I felt her maneuver it down and then up so that my
hand was now just above the top of her nylon stocking, on her soft thigh,
under the skirt of her dress. My dick went hard in a split second. It
almost hurt the way it popped up so fast in my pants. I left it there for a
while, feeling the heat of her smooth skin and then I felt her hand take
mine and pull it up further, to the crotch of her lacy panties. God! What
was she doing? Mom and Dad were only three feet away, in the front seat! I
looked quickly to the front and saw Dad just staring forward and Mom
slumped over, toward the passenger window, sleeping. I looked over at
Ellen's mischievous smile and then down at her sexy, exposed leg, and my
hand in the bundle of her frilly skirt. Gee, my brain told me, why not? I
pushed my hand into my sister's underpants. Her pussy was gushing wet with
her lubricant. My fingers probed into her gooey slit, under the soft
material of her panties. I felt her clit and, as she spread her legs a
little, I maneuvered my middle finger up into her hot girl hole. Ellen
didn't make a sound, and neither did I. I just probed her for a long while.
She only maneuvered her lower body occasionally to steer my finger to her
feeling spots. Dad and Mom were totally unaware of what was happening
behind them and that seemed to heighten my sexual arousal to even greater
fury. But what was in this for MY satisfaction, I wondered? I reached down,
with my free hand, and undid my pants. Then I reached over my body to
Ellen's hand and placed it in my undershorts. Her hand found my hard dick
but she pulled it right back out. What the fuck? I pulled her hand back
again but she resisted, pulling her hand back from me. Then I suddenly
realized something. Ellen had never touched ME. I had done it all to HER.
She had never touched a dick in her life. I pulled my hard cock out of my
pants and leaned over to her to whisper. "Touch it, Sis!" "No," she
whispered back. "Come on," I whispered directly in her ear, "I'm doing
YOU!" I put her hand on me again and this time she grasped my shaft. Her
little hand felt so great on me. All the while my other hand was probing
into her wet pussy. As she began to explore my cock, I began to massage her
clit. I found that if I went to her clit, with my hand, whenever she made
me feel good (with hers) I could signal her as to what would get me off.
After a while she was jacking me off pretty good. Her hand moved slow but
she was doing it at just the right spot. I started to rub her clit harder
as I felt my own orgasm near.

  The car had left the freeway and we were now in a more lighted area. It
was a bit scary because people in other cars could see us and the back seat
was brighter. I could detect the smell of sex in the air around me and if
Dad looked in the rear-view mirror... But he didn't and Ellen kept jacking
and I kept twiddling and suddenly Ellen's legs went stiff and stretched and
her hand tightened on me and I knew she was having an orgasm. That was
enough to put me over and I started to cum, big time. The first shot of
sperm flew up and hit the headliner of the car. This shocking event caused
me to quickly put my free hand over the dick-head to act as a barrier for
the rest of the spurts. Ellen's silent orgasm released her and she relaxed,
next to me. I looked to the front seat. Dad had seen nothing. I looked up
and a strand of sperm was hanging like a pendulum above me. Just at that
moment it came down and plopped on my forehead. Ellen saw it and started to
laugh loudly. "What's so funny back there?" Dad said and he started to turn
his head. I pulled my hand quickly from my sister's crotch and she (just as
quickly) pulled her hem down and crossed her legs. "Nothing." Ellen said,
trying to contain her laughter. I had my hands over my dick and I started
to button my pants when Dad had turned away. My lap was sopping with cum. I
wiped my forehead with my shirtsleeve and looked over to see my sister
still giggling.

Chapter 4

   A long weekend followed in which nothing much happened. I hung around
the house and Mom and Dad were busy with shopping and such. Ellen had gone
to stay the weekend with her girlfriend Chris. With her away (and with
thoughts of what we had done in the back seat of the family car) I seemed
to crave her. This puzzled me. I didn't want my mind so occupied with the
sexual attributes of my kid sister. It made me feel uneasy and kind of
dirty. I just couldn't figure it all out. I had again made up my mind to go
back to what I considered a "normal" relationship with her and keep these
"sick" thoughts (of my sister's body) away from my mind. But then I would
be watching TV and see a cute girl and start thinking about the feel of
Ellen's pussy in my hand, or the smell of it, or how sensational it felt
when I had fucked her and my boner would be back and I would be longing for
her again. My buddy Phil called on Sunday and wanted me to go to the movies
with him and his sister, Janice. I went, reluctantly because I wanted to be
home when my sister got back. The movie was a bore and Phil and Janice
didn't add to my mood. Phil wanted me to "get to know" his sister. She was
just like he was; loud and clowning around. She looked just like Phil too;
skinny with red hair and freckles. She even wore jeans and the same leather
jacket as he did but she had a sexy ass and cute little tittie bumps in her
t-shirt. Phil kept trying to make her talk to me but the way that she
ignored me let me know that she wasn't interested. We stopped at a fast
food place on the way back and, while we were eating, they were laughing,
with each other, and making jokes. Phil kept telling me to lighten up.
"Come on, Dan! You're a big ball of laughs tonight," Phil said
sarcastically. "Have some fun!" "Yeah, sure." "Tell him another joke, Jan,"
Phil ordered. "Okay," she said. Then she thought a moment while she ate a
french fry. "I know," she suddenly said, excitedly. "This guy gets married
and calls his Dad after his honeymoon. The Dad asks him how it was and the
guy says "Great! She was a virgin!" and the Dad says, "Get rid of her
then!" And the guy says, "Why?" and the Dad says "Because if she wasn't
good enough for her own brothers, why should you have her?" Phil and
Janice laughed and laughed but my stomach suddenly went sick. "That's
funny?" I asked. "Sure," Phil said. "Yeah," Janice added. "You know what
they say, "Incest is best, put your brother to the test!"

   I looked at her, astonished. "You mean you and Phil....." Her face went
red with anger at me. "HELL NO! What do you think we are?" "Yeah," Phil
jumped in, "what are you....sick?" They took me home. Everyone was asleep.
I looked in my sister's room on my way to bed. She was sleeping soundly. I
had the crazy idea of going to her bed and feeling her pussy while she was
asleep. I shook that idiotic thought from my mind and went to my room to
jack off (thinking about Ellen) and sleep.

  The next day, at school, I was horny as a goat. All the girls just seemed
to look terrific and I fantasized about fucking all of them or eating their
pussies. I couldn't wait to get home to relieve my sexual desire with
Ellen. When I got home, Ellen was already there. Her chubby friend Kathy
was with her and they were working on some class project. I sat in the
living room and watched them work at the dining room table. Ellen was
wearing a short skirt that really enhanced her young figure. Her top
buttoned and she had one too many unbuttoned so I could see flashes of her
white bra when she bent over the table to point something out to Kathy.
Looking at her was driving me mad. Why did she have to have KATHY here? Why
couldn't we be alone?  After a time, Ellen went into the kitchen to get a
snack for her and her friend. I jumped up and followed her in. I walked up
behind her, as she looked in the cupboard, and put my arms around her so
that my hands were on her breasts and I pushed my hard-on against the crack
of her ass. "What are you doing?" she said in a testy voice and she pulled
my hands from her. "I want you," I said to her as she turned to face me.
"Are you CRAZY?" she said, her eyes wide with a look of disgust. "What do
you mean?" I asked, angry now that she implied that I was nuts. "Kathy's
here," she said, "and besides... I don't want to do that kind of dirty
thing anymore." I was totally baffled now. I looked it, too. Ellen walked
away from me, to the refrigerator. She took out some sandwich meat and
mustard. I watched her make two sandwiches but all the while I stared at
her cleavage (between the part of her blouse). She noticed me and looked
down at her chest. She made a grunt of disapproval and buttoned the top two
buttons. "Is that ALL you ever think about?" she asked, with a tone of
disdain. "I'm HORNY!" I pleaded at her. Ellen made a face and gestured for
me to quiet down. "Go jack off then," she said in a bitchy voice, and then
she took the food out to Kathy. Damn her! I thought, as I stood alone now
in the kitchen. I was really getting pissed because she was coming on with
such an attitude and making me feel like some kind of a sicko (which, I
guess, I was!) I stormed up to my room and turned the stereo up loud, to
try and drown my horniness and my shame with the music, but it didn't work.
I really needed to get a nut off. That would relieve this damnable urge. I
lay on the bed and whipped it out, jacking it with urgency. But the damned
thing didn't want my hand, it wanted pussy. Real pussy! Pussy that I should
be able to have because she was just downstairs! But all I had was my hand
and it wasn't enough. I needed more to be able to "get off." I got up and
went into the bathroom, looking for my sister's panties. I figured that if
I could just smell her pussy again (while I jacked off), that would be
enough. There were no panties there, though. Now I ran downstairs to the
basement and the laundry hamper. I tore through the dirty clothes, tossing
them on the floor, looking for what I needed. I found not one, but three
pairs of panties, all with nice pussy deposits in the crotches. I was going
to sniff each to select the spiciest pair but then I suddenly had a
terrible thought: Were all of these Ellen's? Or was one of them Mom's? God,
I didn't want to smell the old lady's underpants! I looked for the labels,
inside the silky garments, to see what the sizes were.

    They were all size 5. Did that mean Mom or Ellen? Shit! With no panties
to smell I just left the house and took a long run to try and exercise away
my craving. That night, I watched Ellen closely as she ate dinner across
from me. Damn she looked good. That long, blond hair. Those full, pouty
lips of hers. The twin swells of her breasts in her blouse. She didn't seem
to be looking over at me at all. She was just talking about school and her
friends with Mom and Dad. Was she serious, this afternoon, when she had
said that she didn't want to have sex anymore? I couldn't believe that. Not
after as far as we had gone with each other. I knew that I could talk her
into screwing again if I could just get her alone. "Ellie," I asked, "would
you like to go to a movie, with me, tonight?" I figured that I could stop
and fuck her, in the back seat of my car, on the way home. She looked at me
with a non-committal face. "Thanks Danny, but Kathy's coming back to help
me finish my project." Shit! Did she smile a little after she refused? Did
she know what I wanted? "That's sweet, Danny," Mom said, "taking your
sister to a movie. You never asked her before." I looked quickly down at my
plate. I didn't want Mom or Dad to EVER imagine what was going on. "Oh, I
just didn't want to go alone...." Suddenly an idea hit me. I looked over at
Mom. "Hey, how would you and Dad like to go to a show? My treat!" That
would get them out of the house and leave me alone with Ellen. "Oh, that's
nice of you to offer, son," Dad said, "but I'm bushed. I think I'll hit the
hay early tonight." And everybody stayed home. Kathy came back over and she
and my sister worked on school shit until eleven when Kathy had to go home.
Being late, Kathy asked me to drive her, which I did. When I got back home,
the lights were out and Ellen had gone to bed. What a bitch! I lay in my
room, jittery from horniness and jostled and turned until I finally fell
asleep.

   When I awoke I felt something strange in the darkness. I looked at the
clock: it was well after midnight. I rolled on my side and was surprised to
see two wide eyes staring at me and the smell of sweet breath in my face.
It was Ellen! I put my hands on her, under the blankets. She was completely
naked. "What are you doing in here?" "I want some sex," she whispered,
"don't you?" "What if we're caught?" "Mom and Dad are sleeping. I checked
before I came in here." God, she pissed me off! Why didn't she do it with
me, when I wanted it, earlier? "What makes you think I want it now?" I
asked. She reached into my shorts and squeezed my dick. It jumped to
rock-hard life. "Are you kidding?" she whispered. Damn her! She really had
a power over me that I could not control. She pulled the blankets off of us
and I could see her beautiful, budding body in the moonlight from the
bedroom window. Her tits were so firm and stood out from her chest and her
large nipples were softly erect. As she leaned over and coaxed my shorts
off, her soft, blond hair tickled my chest. "Really Sis," I whispered, "I'm
tired and you had your chance this afternoon...." She moved her warm, naked
body to me and pushed her soft lips to mine, holding my stiff, exposed dick
in her diminutive hand and squeezing it. It was more than ready. "Stop
talking," she whispered, "I want to fuck!" She got to her knees and then
she straddled my prone body so that her pussy was over my loins. I looked
down and I could see the open cleft at her fuzzy crotch. She reached under
her, to my dick, and steered it as she lowered herself down. The sensitive
head (of my cock) felt the hot, wet contact of her pussy and started
bucking already. It was thrilling as she slowly settled on it, taking it in
to her carefully because of her extreme tightness. When she was fully on
me, and our pubic bones were meshed, I could feel the roof of her insides
pressing on my dick-head. It was wonderful! I ran my hands up and down the
sides of her soft, curvy body as she sat still on me, her face showing a
curious grimace.

    "Are you alright?" I asked. "God, you're so BIG," she quietly squealed,
as she sat there, with her eyes closed, waiting to get used to me. I
reached up and grasped her warm breasts, squeezing lightly. I couldn't keep
myself from pushing my shaft up, into her, from the bed. Man, my little
sister felt so good! Just being inside her again was ecstasy! Then she put
her hands on my shoulders, as she leaned over me, and Ellen started to
slowly screw herself on my cock. It was heaven! I strained up with my head
and took one of her nipples into my mouth. It was thumb-tip sized and soft
and tasted slightly salty. I began to suck on it as she fucked me, still
squeezing her other firm, breast in my hand. "Oh yes!" she whispered, "that
feels so good! Suck on it, Danny!" After only a few moments, I was ready to
spurt! I pulled my mouth from her tit and pulled her upper body down,
motionless, on top of me. "Stop or I'll cum in you," I urgently whispered.
"Okay," she panted in my ear, "let's just lay and feel each other until
your cum feeling goes away." God! It was harder to be motionless, inside of
her, than it sounded. I hugged her soft, slim body tightly to me for a
time, feeling her chest heaving with her excited breathing and her fragrant
hair on my face and her hot pussy clasping at my sensitive, rigid cock.
After at time, my feeling of orgasm subsided a little and I started to
thrust my cock up into her again to show her that I was ready. Ellen got up
on her arms and she began to fuck me some more, churning her pubic bone on
mine as my cock pressed deeply into her hot, restrictive belly. The smell
of her sex filled my nostrils as I looked down and watched her curvy hips
working in a fuck motion. I could hear the squishy sound of her pussy now,
as she worked it on me. I could also see, at her flat lower stomach, her
little, ash-blonde pubic patch meshing, in sexual intercourse, with my,
brillo-like, black hair. God! The sight made me want to boil over with cum
again and I quickly pulled her back down and held her body motionless,
against me, once more. "Oh, I was so close!" she breathlessly cried in my
ear. "God you feel so good, Ellie! I can hardly stand it! You're going to
make me cum in you if you don't stop!" My sister cried noises of
frustration on top of me and began to kiss my ear and my neck and my chin
and my cheeks as I lay under her and tried to calm myself down. "Make me
cum," she breathlessly whispered between her kisses. "I want to cum, Danny.
I need to cum. I want to feel what it's like to cum with you inside me."
Ellen tried to work her pussy on my sensation receptive cock but I quickly
grabbed her round, baby-soft ass and held it firmly to keep her from
pushing me over the edge. We lay for a time more, holding our naked bodies
tightly together and panting into each others' ears. We were becoming slick
with sexual heat and perspiration as we clung to one another in the
darkened room. "Okay," I finally whispered, as I realized that I had calmed
down a little bit. "But go slow, Ellie." Ellen grabbed my shoulders tightly
and pushed her upper body back up over me. I could see her eyes close and
her face take on a determined, dreamy expression as she started to resume
her fucking motion on me. I again took her sweaty breast into my mouth and
sucked its large, hard nipple as I grasped the curves of her hips and felt
the urgency of her quickening fuck movements. I tried, with all of my
might, not to even think about cumming as she strongly gyrated her sexy
little body on me. Ellen bent her head down to my ear and whispered, "I'm
almost there, Danny. I want you to kiss me, real hard, while I cum." I
moved my mouth to find hers and, as our tongues entwined, I felt her body
suddenly go rigid. She started to moan into my face, through her nose, and
her lips clamped tighter on mine and she began to suck my mouth violently.
I could feel her pussy spasm and it started to squeeze my dick with a
velvety wet clamp as she ground her little pussy, fast and hard, on my dick
bone. It took all the strength I had to keep myself from erupting into her.
I strained against my approaching orgasm and I pushed my cock up into her
and waited until she had fully climaxed and, at the first hint of her
relaxing, I pulled her back down on top of me and held her tightly.

  She pulled her mouth away from mine and said, "Oh, God!" And then she
pulled her lower body up so that my swollen dick pulled out of her with a
loud, wet, suction sound. "Oh God, Danny," she repeated, breathlessly.
"It's so sensitive now. I can't have it inside me anymore." "What?" I asked
in her ear. She lay herself back down on me so that her fuzzy pubic mound
rested on my throbbing cock. "I'm tingling all over, Danny. I think I'm
still cumming! Ohhhh! It was wonderful," she cooed in my ear, "but my pussy
just tickles too much now to have you in me anymore." "But what about me?
How do I get off?" She was quiet for a moment and then she said, "I'll work
it out of you with my hand again." Well, I reasoned, I really didn't want
to take the chance of cumming in her.... I was so horny now that anything
would feel good. But, in my hormonal rage, an idea came to me. "Ellie," I
asked, "do you think you could put it in your mouth?" "What?" "You
know...." "Blow you?" She sounded irate and she lifted her head from my
shoulder and looked directly at me. "I'm not going to blow you, Danny!"
"God, Ellie! I licked your pussy!" "Yeah, but you like it!" "No I don't," I
lied, "I did it for YOU. So you would get pleasure. Couldn't you do the
same for me?" She was quiet for a while and she bent her head so that her
forehead was touching my collar bone. I wondered what was going through her
mind. "Well, okay," she said reluctantly, "but don't you dare cum in my
mouth!" "Oh, never!" I said. Ellen sat up and leaned over and suddenly the
room was full of light. She had turned on the lamp. "What?" "I want to see
it," she said, as she moved to sit, cross legged, next to my thighs, "I
want to see it when you cum." "Yeah, sure." I looked down at her pretzeled
little body as she leaned over my dick and held it in her hand.      She
gazed at it, pasty with her drying moisture, for long moments. "It smells
like pussy," she observed, crinkling her nose. "Shouldn't you go clean it?"
"No," I assured her, "it's YOUR pussy!" She shrugged and dropped her tongue
to the tip of it. The warm, wet contact made me shiver. "This is so nasty,"
she whispered, looking at me over the top of my dick and grinning in pained
embarrassment, "I can't believe I'm doing this." But then she put the head
between her lips and softly sucked on it. Son of a bitch it was
spectacular! My cock just thrilled from it. She pulled her face back a
little and now seemed to be minutely examining my shaft and my balls for a
few moments. A drop of excited pre-cum appeared out of the opening of my
dick as she held it firmly in her hand. She turned her head to me, pulling
her hair over so that I could see her pretty face. Then my little sister
started to jerk me off, leaning down to just lick or kiss the head every so
often. "Put it in your mouth," I softly instructed. Ellen made a sour face
but she bent over and put the head between her lips again, sucking now as
she jacked me. She scraped me with her teeth a couple of times (at first)
but, as she got used to what she was doing, I could sense that she was
becoming interested in how to please me and that she was actually getting
into it herself. Her eyes closed (the way they did when she was kissing)
and her sucking and jacking soon began to feel deliciously sensual and
wondrous. After a time, she started to slowly lick my cock, from the base
to the tip, with long, wet tongue strokes, as she gripped my shaft and
squeezed it. The sensations made me whimper and lift my ass from the bed.
"Does this feel good?" she asked, smiling coyly as she looked up my body at
me.

  "Hell, yes!" I quietly squealed. Now she swirled her tongue around the
throbbing head, causing me to gasp and clutch at my bed sheets. Then it
seemed like she was trying to see just how much of me she could take into
her pretty mouth. She began squeezing my balls gently, with one hand, as
she pumped the base of my shaft with the other and lowered her face to my
loins so that my cock head pushed deep into her hot, sucking mouth. I could
feel her breath on my pubic hair and hear the baby-like sounds she made as
she nursed on me and her tender tongue worked at tickling my most sensitive
area. It charged me with an almost unbearable, compelling ecstacy. I could
feel my balls tighten, as she cradled them in her hand, and they began to
gush with my load. I reached quickly down and pulled her hair back so that
I could see my cock disappearing into that sweet mouth....... "I'm
cumming!" I urgently whispered and she pulled her face back as if my dick
had been a snake. She kept jacking me though and you should have seen her
eyes light up, like a kid on Christmas morning, when I started to spurt
huge, milky wads into the air. "Wow!" she exclaimed, as she looked down at
my dick and the pearly cum that was shooting out and then oozing from the
tip and dripping down the shaft and over her jacking hand. She was smiling
brightly at what she had done. Then, to my awe, Ellen suddenly leaned over
and took the, sperm coated, head of my dick into her mouth and sucked on
it, thrilling me beyond belief as I felt her draw out the last of my orgasm
and my thick jizz along with it. When I was fully spent, she pulled her
mouth from me and sat up, licking my cum from her pretty lips with a
thoughtful expression on her face, as if she were testing a recipe that she
had concocted. Then she looked at me, pulling her long blond hair around to
the back of her head again, and said, matter-of-factly, "Your cum isn't so
icky, I guess. It's kind of bitter though," she casually stated, "but it's
sweet... with a sort of a pepper taste to it." That's when we heard our
parents door open and Ellen quickly reached over and turned out the light.
We sat together in the darkness and listened to the sounds of Dad taking a
squirt. Then the toilet flushed and we heard him go back to bed. Ellen got
up and pulled her night-shirt on over her head. "Thank's Ellie," I said,
"that was great!" She leaned over the bed and kissed me with a passionate,
open mouth. I could taste my sperm on her tongue as she did it. When she
pulled her lips away, she looked into my eyes and sweetly whispered, "I
love you, Danny." Then she stood up and quietly left the room.

Chapter 5

   The next morning, I drove Ellen to school with me. She was very quiet on
the way. "What's with you?" I asked as I parked the Firebird. "I don't
know," she answered. "I feel kind of funny this morning." "What do you mean
"funny"?" "I don't know, Danny. I just don't feel right about last night. I
mean, it felt really good and all... I just feel really guilty and dirty
about it now. I always do afterwards. And I sucked your cock," she added in
a pained whisper. "Oh Ellen, a lot of girls do that..." "Not nice ones,
Danny." "Ellen, you're a nice girl. You're the nicest girl I can think of."
"You don't think I'm like a whore or something?" Her little voice trembled
on the edge of tears. "Danny, I'm only fifteen!" I leaned over and hugged
her (looking around to make sure that nobody saw me). "No, Ellie," I told
her, "you're just as sweet as can be. Don't think about it that way. It
felt great to me. I really loved it!" Ellen hugged me back and opened the
car door. "Just don't ask me to do it again," she said, wiping her wet
cheeks with her fingertips.

    "Alright," I answered, "....if it makes you feel so bad." She started
to get out but I reached over and grabbed her arm. "What about the other
things, Ellie? Can we do the other things again?" "I don't want to talk
about it right now." "Ellie?" I demanded. "Maybe. When I'm in the mood.
Maybe." I let her go and watched her walk toward her friends, her cute
little ass swaying sexily in her tight blue jeans. We didn't do anything
for the next month. We were alone many times, but we occupied ourselves
with other things. It was like we had gone back to just being brother and
sister again. I started to feel better about myself. I still wasn't scoring
with any chicks but Christmas came and went and now I was on the track team
and we were practicing three times a week. I think it took a lot of the
sexual energy away from me. One saturday night in January we were all home
and watching TV. A big movie was coming on and Mom and Dad were sitting in
their favorite chairs while I lay on the couch in nothing but my track
shorts. Ellen came down from the bathroom. She had just taken a shower and
she was wearing her pink night-shirt. "What's on?" she asked. "It's a James
Bond thing, hon," Mom said. "It's just starting. Why don't you sit down and
watch it with us? It'll be a family get together." "I'm kind of tired,"
Ellen said in a sleepy voice, "and I feel sorta chilled." "Maybe you're
coming down with something," Mom said. "You just got out of the shower,
Ellie. Put the blanket, by the couch, around you." Ellen got the blue
blanket and sat down on the couch by my knees. She watched the movie for a
time and then she lay down, in front of me, pulled the blanket over us and
propped her head up on her elbow. It was like the first time when I felt
her pussy here on the couch. Only now Mom and Dad were right here with us.
I could feel Ellen's soft ass up against my dick again and (even though I
fought it) I could sense it go instantly hard. Damn! I thought. Why did
this have to happen now? What if she were to jump up and Mom or Dad saw it?
The movie went on and Ellen didn't move and my dick stayed hard and I
started to sweat. But even though I was in this uncomfortable situation, I
started to think about the curvy little feminine body, up against me, and
the immense pleasures that it could give me. I began to slowly fuck at my
sister's bum. It was like the last time again. Ellen didn't move or change
her expression or look away from the TV. I reached down, under the cover of
the blanket, and pulled the back of her night shirt up. She wasn't wearing
any panties. I pushed my hand between her warm, soft thighs and began to
manipulate her pussy. It was unusually dry, in her girl slit, when my
finger's first got there, but as I probed around, inside her, she became
very slick and wet. She and I still looked ahead, at the TV, as if nothing
was going on. Mom and Dad were only a few feet away (in either direction)
and they watched the TV and commented to each other about it, from time to
time, unaware that their son's finger was now deep inside their daughter's
pussy. I was so excited that I thought I was going to explode. Ellen was as
wet as could be now. I pulled my hand from her and looked at her face. She
was just watching the TV (as was I).  I reached to my shorts and pulled
them down, past my pipe-like dick. I had to scoot down a bit, to get into
the proper position, but I held my cock and pushed it between her thighs so
that the tip was pressing at her wet opening. It was incredible! I could
feel Ellen move so that we could get a better angle for penetration and
then I felt her legs part slightly and her hand grasped my dick (from
between her thighs) and maneuvered it into her hot hole. I slowly pushed my
cock into my sister (and felt her pushing back) until my dick-head was
touching the roof of her insides and my pubic bone was up against the soft
pillows of her warm ass cheeks.

   But what was I to do now? I couldn't just fuck her with our parents in
the room. They'd see (and maybe hear) the movements. But I couldn't remain
motionless inside of her either! It felt far too good! The compulsion to
thrust my dick was just too overwhelming! I had to fuck her! But I knew
that I had to fuck into her very slowly and carefully. It was maddening!
But ohhh did it feel so wonderful! As I fucked her, I ran my hand up and
down her soft, girlish frame, from her shoulder, down her thin waist and up
the curve of her hip and down her bare thigh. I ran my hand up under her
night-shirt and up her smooth little body to pet and stroke her warm,
fleshy breast and supple nipple. I knew that we would not be able to "get
off" this way but it was just so delicious being sexually joined to her
with such danger in the room. I became aware that Ellen's hand was between
her legs and that she was rubbing her pussy with my dick inside of her. I
could feel the motion of her slick pussy flesh on the base of my cock as
her fingers worked at her clit. I could also feel her insides tighten
whenever her clit would telegraph a jolt of pleasure through her body.
This, in turn, would send a thrilling jolt through my sensitive, buried
dick! Wow! Man, was this exciting! I could hardly stand it! What an
incredible situation! Fucking my sister, right here, under Mom and Dad's
nose! I moved my hand to the soft curve of her hip and (ignoring the
danger) began to fuck her faster (pushing in deeper and pulling her onto my
cock). Ellen responded by manipulating her clit, with her fingers, a little
faster. I held her girlish curves more tightly now and started to really
ram myself into her (but with very little noticeable movement and
absolutely no sound!). I worked my other hand under her body so that I
could clutch her firm little breast as I fucked her. It's nipple stood out
like a hard thimble and I squeezed it and pulled her hip back on me and
thrust my cock deeply into her again and again and again. We fucked and
fucked, like this, for quite an exciting while. It was so nasty and
dangerous and thrilling to churn my sex into hers with our parents right in
the same room. I could feel my cock swelling harder as my excitement was
reaching an unbearable level. I stopped my thrusting and just held the
curve of her hip tightly, squeezing her tit hard and pushing myself into
her as far as I could go. Then I could feel it: Ellen's body went stiff and
she was cumming. Her fingers were pushing hard on her clit (and the base of
my inserted dick) and her insides were gripping my rigid cock tightly again
and again as she had her orgasm spasms. In the grip of her climax, Ellen
was pushing herself back hard on my deeply buried shaft and forcing it into
her even further. It was too much for me. I couldn't help myself. I started
to cum. And I mean CUM! I could feel my cock jerking hard as I began to
forcefully ejaculate, jet after jet of thick, hot sperm, deep into my own
little sister. My orgasm was so intense that I thought my heart would stop!
I grabbed her, at the curves of both hips now, so that I could pull her
harder onto my cock and get my nut off, into her, real good. I could feel
her soft ass cheeks spreading, on my lower stomach, as I tried to thrust my
erupting shaft up, into her tender little pussy, even further and (at the
same time) I felt her insides squeezing repeatedly on my spewing cock and
exquisitely milking my load out of me and drawing it into her. Pull it out?
I couldn't pull it out! Even if I wanted to! My parents would detect the
sound or movement! I had to clamp my lips together, to keep from screaming,
as it was! Ellen had stopped breathing during her cum and now I could
faintly hear her trying to catch her breath as her orgasm released her. I
was still cumming though. I could feel her start to pull forward, to get my
cock out of her, but I had a strong hold of both her curvy hips and I held
her baby-soft, shapely, little body in place so that I could pump the rest
of my cum into her. Thinking back, I know it was the best orgasm I ever had
in my life! I nearly passed out from the thrill of it! But, through it all,
we remained perfectly silent (both staring ahead at the TV) as if nothing
were happening.

   When I was completely spent, I let go of her and she scootched forward
and sat up, pulling the cover of the blanket abruptly off of us. What the
hell was she doing? I quickly reached down and pulled my shorts up over my
slimy, wet dick. Mom looked over. "Ellen," she said. "You should go to bed
right now, honey. You DO look flushed! Are you okay?" "Sure, Mom," Ellen
said breathlessly, wiping the moisture from her face. She got up, leaving
the blue blanket behind and stood in front of the couch. "I AM tired
though." "You go on to bed," Mom went on. "You might be coming down with
something. You really look funny." Suddenly (and with immense horror) I
noticed the large, pearl-colored glop of thick, clingy sperm that was
trailing slowly down the inside of my sister's leg. It was plainly visible,
as it slimed past the side of her knee, from just under her night-shirt. I
quickly jumped up and wrapped the blanket around her to hide it. "Here,
Sis!" I almost yelled, "You don't want to get chilled again!" Ellen, now
wrapped in the blanket and with a curious, befuddled expression on her
face, walked slowly upstairs. Mom and Dad turned back to the TV. I sat down
heavily, my heart pounding. They had seen nothing! The next day was Sunday
and we went to Mass. Ellen acted funny as she sat next to me, looking so
sweet and pretty, in her pink Sunday dress. I kept moving to her (so that
our bodies touched) but she kept moving away. I put my hand on hers (on the
pew between us) and I suddenly felt her pinch me hard with her sharp
fingernails. I looked at my hand: the little bitch drew blood! After church
Mom and Dad dropped us off and they went shopping. I followed Ellen into
the house and stopped her as she was quickly heading up the stairs to her
room (as if to get away from me). "What's the deal, Sis?" She spun around
to look at me. Her face was burning with anger and she pushed it close to
mine and yelled, "You CAME in me last night!" "Well, yeah," I said. "I
couldn't help it." "Couldn't HELP it?" Her jaw dropped open, in disbelief,
for a moment. "God, Danny! I went up to my room and your stuff was just
dripping out of me in long strings! I didn't know what to do with it all! I
went into the bathroom and wiped and wiped but it just kept coming out. In
fact, it dripped out of me all night! My pussy smells like a dead fish this
morning!" Her blue eyes started to tear up and her chin dimpled and
trembled as she continued. "I had to sit there," she cried loudly now,
"...in church... and listen to him talking about mortal sin.... while I
thought about me and you... and what we've been doing... and all of your
little... THINGS swimming around in me.....!" "Well," I said calmly to her
hysterical face. "don't worry about it." I tried to think of something that
would calm her down. "I don't think my sperm will work on you, me being
your brother." "It won't?" "No! I don't think so. How many people have you
ever heard of who had Aunts and Uncles for parents?" I could see her
calming down as she stopped sobbing and thought about it. "There isn't
any," I assured her. "My sperms and your eggs are way too much alike. They
won't mix. Forget about it!" It worked. She believed me because I believed
it now myself. The following Monday was her sixteenth birthday and she had
a big party with lots of her friends from school there. Eddie (Alfred E.
Newman) was there and he was all dressed up for the occasion. So was Ellen.
She wore a great looking, lacy, white dress. I bought her a necklace with a
diamond in it. I don't know why. It cost me almost all the money I had
saved but you should have seen her face when I clasped it at her neck. It
was the best present she got and she was crazy about it. Somebody put music
on and Ellen danced with every boy there, except for me. (She would never
dance with her brother in front of her friends.) I remember watching her
and feeling an odd sort of jealousy. God, that was queer! Being jealous of
your own sister! I was helping Mom make more sandwiches (Dad went out for
the night to be away from the commotion) and Mom leaned to me and said,
"Your sister is so pretty and lovely tonight, Danny."

    "Yeah, I guess so," I said as I handed her another loaf of bread. "This
is such a special day for a girl," Mom went on, "you probably don't
understand such things, Danny, but today our Ellie is sweet sixteen." Mom
sighed loudly now and wiped a tear from her eye with the back of her hand.
"She's our family's little angel," she said in a voice breaking from
emotion, "and today she's sweet sixteen.. and has never been kissed." I
suddenly felt sick. I went back into the family room where the party was.
Ellen and Eddie were gone. I asked about her and her friends said that she
and Eddie had gone outside. They all laughed about Eddie having something
to give her. I went outside to look for them. They were at the picnic table
in the back yard. Ellen was wearing Eddie's suit jacket and they were
whispering and laughing with each other. I hid in the bushes, shivering.
Then I saw him kiss her and she kissed him back (the way she had kissed
me). I turned away. I couldn't stand to see that. Ellen seemed really happy
for the next week. She could go out with Eddie now and he seemed to call
for her (and take her out) almost every night. I asked her what she and
Eddie were doing (when I found her alone in her room one day, painting her
toenails). "Nothing," she said casually. "He just takes me to the show and
stuff." Ellen was wearing a pretty, white, baby-doll nightie and she looked
so warm and sexy as she sat on her bed with her exposed legs drawn up and
her knees out to her sides, bending over and carefully applying the polish.
I couldn't help staring at her smooth thighs and the crotch of her frilly
underpants. I could also see one of her breasts, down the neck opening of
her nightie. She wasn't wearing a bra. "Does he try anything with you?" I
asked, as I felt myself harden in my shorts. I wanted her again. Right now.
"That's none of your business!" she said, not bothering to even look up at
me. "Ellie...?" I whimpered to her. She looked up now and I saw her pretty
face contort into a sour expression as she noticed that I was rubbing the
evident outline of my hard cock through the front of my pants. "God!" she
whined in revulsion, "Get out of my room, Danny!" Man, I was really fucked
up. For the next week, I worked hard at keeping myself occupied with track
and stuff. I met a girl named Shelly. She was really sweet and cute as
could be. She had black hair and pale skin and freckles. She was in my new
second semester Biology class. I asked her out and she said yes so I took
her to an Elton John concert. She had a really good time (and so did I) and
she gave me a really great kiss when I took her home. I didn't try anything
with her but the way that she held her body against me, when we kissed,
telegraphed a message that I could get somewhere with her in the future if
I tried. When I got home, everyone was asleep except for Ellen. She was
sitting on the couch in the quiet livingroom. "Have fun?" she asked, though
it was plain that she didn't want to know. She seemed oddly mad at me.
"Yeah!" "Did she give you any?" Ellen's eyes blazed at me. "She kisses real
good," I said, as I hung up my coat. Ellen walked over to me and pointed a
finger in my face. "You fucker!" she almost screamed it. "What's the deal?"
I asked her. "That dirty little tramp!" "Tramp? You don't even know
Shelly." "I don't WANT to know her!" Then it hit me. Ellen was jealous!
Just as I had been! Something made me grab her and hold her to me but she
pulled away and turned her back to me. "It's no big deal," I found myself
saying. "I only kissed her once." I found it all very comical. But then I
noticed that Ellen was actually crying. God, this was a sick situation but
I felt strangely sorry for her. I turned her around. Big tears were rolling
down her cheeks. I took her in my arms again and hugged her tightly. She
hugged me back this time though. I took her to the couch and pulled the
wet, blond hairs from her cheeks.

    "Ellie, what's the matter?" "I don't know," she said, as she folded her
hands on her lap and looked away from me. "It's crazy, I know it is, but I
can't stand the thought of another girl touching you." I knew the feeling.
"Listen," I said, "we're both a little screwed up right now. But we need to
see other people. It's the right thing for both of us. I felt the same way
about you and Eddie. But now I'm getting more used to it. It's good that
you and Eddie go out and I should go out with Shelly." Ellen put her face
in her hands and cried some more, only harder now. "Ellie, come on! It's
not that bad!" She looked at me now with a red, teary face. "It IS!" she
choked. "Why?" "Danny, I missed my period. It was supposed to happen
yesterday, but it didn't. And nothing today either. I've been waiting up to
tell you." Fear gripped me as I heard her cry the words. I was dumbfounded.
I just sat there for a while and listened to her cry while my heart pounded
loudly in my chest. "Well," I finally asked her, "have you and Eddie
been.... fucking?" Ellen's eyes got wide and flashed anger and she suddenly
started pounding me with her little fists. "You bastard!" she shrieked and
I had to grab her flailing hands and hold them as I signaled for her to be
quiet so that she wouldn't wake up Mom and Dad. "What do you think I am, a
whore?" she cried wetly. "There's been no one but you, Danny!" I grabbed
her and hugged her to me tightly again as she cried and cried into my
shoulder. As odd as this may sound to you, I knew that Ellen was really a
very decent girl (even though she had let ME fuck her). I wished I hadn't
asked her that stupid question now but it was MY jealousy talking. Ellen
and I were terrified for the next few days about her being pregnant. I
couldn't eat or sleep. My stomach was a knotted mess and I could see that
Ellen was the same way. Guilt and shame were eating up the both of us. How
would we ever get out of this situation? How could we tell our parents
about this unthinkable thing that we had done? What about the little baby
that we would be having? There wasn't a moment of the day that I wasn't
tied in a knot, worrying myself sick about the consequences of fucking my
sister. On Monday morning, I woke up and went into the bathroom. I could
hear Mom and Dad talking normally downstairs. I wondered how they would be
talking when we told them that their lovely, teenage daughter was pregnant
by their fucking idiot son? Ellen, wearing her yellow robe and fuzzy
slippers, came into the bathroom while I was pissing. "What?" I asked,
irritated by her intrusion and my lack of sleep. She didn't say anything.
She just reached under the sink and pulled out one of those tampons and
then she stood and grinned widely at me as she waved it happily in front of
my eyes. "I got my period," she sang and then she turned and almost danced
out of the bathroom. Man, was that a relief! Thinking back, I don't
remember us ever doing anything sexual with each other again. I wanted to a
few times. Oh, I may have just felt her up, once or twice, in fun. Ellen
got much shapelier during the next year and the sight of her body (in a
bikini or her bra and panties) would drive anyone wild. But we just stopped
and went back to a totally normal relationship. I love Ellen a lot and I
know that she loves me. She's married, to a plumbing fixture salesman, and
has three kids now. She still looks very sexy and Ted's a fucking lucky
guy. I'm married (to Shelly) and we have two little girls (one named
Ellen). Me and Ellen never talk about what we did as kids and I often
wonder if she remembers it, or ever thinks about it, the way I do. Would I
still fuck her? I don't know.

   I'll tell you one thing though. I have never forgotten that thing she
told me once; "You got my cherry, Danny. And no matter who fucks me in the
future, I'll always belong to you!" Funny. I always think about that when I
look at her husband, Ted.

              The End.
