Archive-name: Changes/ericdil3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Eric's Dilemna (part 3)


     "Eric, see who's at the front door."
     Eric gave a little shudder.  He hated to have anyone look at
him.  But it wasn't his place to complain.  About anything!  Giving
his breasts a hefty inward and upward shove, causing a deep
cleavage to split his chest, Eric wiggled in his heels to obey his
mistress.
     Oh no!  It's the pool boy.  Tanned and muscular, Todd from
Poolz surveyed the creature that answered the door.  Her
nationality intrigued him.  Her extremely long, curly hair, dark
brown with red highlights, the oversized, too generous mouth, the
preposterously extravagant figure, all suggested a Mediterranean
background.
     But the blunt nose suggested a black heritage, while the
slanted eyes, implied some oriental ancestry.  A real mixed breed,
this one.  And crazy mixed up also.
     Eric knew what was expected.  Cooing, he traced an inch long
red fingernail up the thickening mound in his vistor's pants.  His
skirt rode up his thighs, letting the shrunken vestige of his
penis, with it's empty scrotum, show through the lace of his
panties.
     While Todd cleaned the pool, Eric slowly stripped and bent
over a pool chair.  His groans of ectasy were only matched by the
slurping of his talented mouth as he licked his lover of the moment
clean.
     "Eric, I told you I wanted some facial cum shots.  You
swallowed this time.  Next time, I want you to hose your face with
cum. Understand?"
     Miserable and naked, Eric allowed Mistress Lorna to run a
chain through his cock ring and tie that useless member to the
floor.  Trapped on hands and knees, he endured his whipping and
remembered.  That afternoon, the mailman made a spectacular mess of
his erotically confused features.
     "So, where are we?"  Gone was the blonde bimbo, Alii.  In her
place was an assured young business woman, Alexis Lane Katt, firmly
in control of her husband's affairs and readying to strike out on
her own.
     Lorna Reina sat across from her client, relaxed.  A large
aluminum suitcase was tucked be her feet.  $10,000,000 in $20's,
counted, and paid.  Business was business.  First, get paid.
     "As you can see, Mrs. Katt, substantial progress has been
made."  Gesturing, Lorna called Eric up to the desk.
     It all seemed familiar in some way.  This office, the
decorations, the woman behind the desk.  Eric couldn't remember
how.  In fact, he didn't remember much, just what he had been
taught.
     "Mee nayhme ees E-reeh-kah.  Berry eh-plees to meeh-ting
juuh."
     Eric smiled and curtseyed, that fact that his skirt was
flashing glimpses of his panties made no impression on him.  He
would expose much more at the slightest gesture from his Mistress.
     "Oh, that accent!  Where did you come up with that?"
     "Well, think of it as protective coloration.  Someone might
believe a woman who claimed to be Eric Katt, forcibly feminized, if
she sounded like Eric, acted like Eric, and could make an
impression like Eric might."
     "But if she looked like an erotic cartoon and talked like
there should be subtitles running past her when she opens her
mouth, then tell me, who would ever take such a ridiculous female
seriously?"
     "How much sexual experince has he had?"
     "Nothing really.  Routine sex with selected partners. 
Straight sex, nothing too bizarre."
     "Couldn't you maybe .. uh, you know, make him really freaky? 
Into rubber or something?  Bondage, and things like that?"
     "Certainly, anything can be done at this point, but it will
require my time, which is, of course, only for sale."
     "How much?"
     "One Million, cash."
     "Done.  Now here's what I have in mind."

End of Part 3.
