Archive-name: Family/evans1.txt
Archive-author: Ed Dippus
Archive-title: Evans Family - 1


The Evans Family was in the midst of dinner when the phone rang.

Carol Evans, wife of Tim and mother to Tim Jr., Cheryl and Candy
got up to answer it.  She returned to the table with news.

"Aunt Sal and Uncle Jim called to invite you kids out to the farm
for two weeks.  What do you all think?"

Immediately a chorus of complaints rose from the three teens.  

"Awww, Mom, I've got too much goin' on around here to go to some
dumb farm like I'm a kid anymore," said Jr. It was his last summer
before college.

"And I've got dates and things to do with the squad," complained
Cheryl, who had been a cheerleader all three years in high school.

"And I've got to drive my friends places," put in Candy, who had
just received her license during sophomore year.

But Tim Sr. put in the final word.  "Nonsense," he said firmly,
waving his fork in the air "two weeks in June won't destroy your
whole summer.  Besides, it'll give me an opportunity to paint your
bedrooms.  Not having you guys underfoot will make it easier for me
all around.  Carol, call my brother back and tell him 'Yes.'  We'll
drive up this weekend and drop the kids off.  Besides," he said as
he returned to his dinner, "you might like it."

All three kids rolled their eyes skyward, but they knew Tim's tone
meant no argument.  Thus began the

               Family's Summer Adventure.

Tim, Carol, Jr., Cheryl, Candy

Jim, Sal, Greg, Megan

As the family station wagon pulled away, Jr., Cheryl and Candy
realized that they were stuck on their uncle's farm in the middle
of nowhere for two whole weeks.  Aunt Sal, recognizing their
surliness, decided to start things off right.  "Everyone inside for
milk and cobbler."  This appeal to their appetites made the city
Evans kids forget their predicament.

During the snack, the two families got to know one another a little
better.  Junior right away sized up his cousin Megan.  She was a
little older than his sister Cheryl, but both were entering their
senior years.  She had a beautiful red hair which was slightly
coarse, an attractive face with pouty lips and a rounded nose,
across which a spray of freckles made their way.  It was tough to
tell sitting down, but Jr. seemed to remember a nicely rounded ass
packed into her tight denim shorts.  Her checked shirt bloused out
a bit, but he decided she had fairly nice tits.  Jr. tried to
compare her figure to her mother's, but Aunt Sal wore a kind of
shapeless farm dress which revealed nothing of her shape.  Jr. did
notice, however, that Megan had inherited her mother's hair and
green eyes.  Several times during the snack, Megan's eyes briefly
met Jr.'s as he ogled her.  Each time she smiled shyly and looked
down.

For her part, Cheryl had her eyes on cousin Greg.  Greg was
slightly older than Tim Jr., but had a taller more wiry build.  He
had straight dark hair and dark eyes.  Greg stared boldly right
back at Cheryl.  He took in her brown eyes and long, shining brown
hair.  Her full lips opened onto a generous smile.  But Greg
concentrated most of his attention on her 36-C breasts, which
pushed proudly against the white T-shirt she wore.  

Clearly, there was some tension between Greg and Cheryl, and to a
lesser extent, between Jr. and Megan.  Each teen was thinking how
long these two weeks would feel.

After the dishes had been cleaned up, with many "accidental"
touching of hands and meaningful looks, everyone went to their
rooms.  Greg and Jr. shared one, the girls shared another.  Before
his sisters could protest, Jr. jumped in the shower in the only
bathroom in the house.  As he washed away the grit and weariness of
the long drive out, he couldn't help but think of his cousin's sexy
body.  But, since Cheryl was pounding on the door, he could do no
more with his growing hard-on but hide it with a towel and head for
bed.

As Jr. changed, Greg noticed the de-tumescing between his legs.
"Hey, cuz, what's got you all worked up?"

"Nothing," Jr. answered back.

"Bullshit, you're hot for Megan, aren't you."

"No way!"

"Sure you are.  It's alright, she's got a hot body.  Hey," Greg
whispered conspiratorially, "want to see her naked?"

"What?  How...? Sure," Jr. gulped.

Holding his finger to his lips, Greg got up and turned out the
lights.  Next, he crossed over to the wall between their bedroom
and the girls'.  He removed two pictures there, and was rewarded by
two pin-pricks of light emanating from the wall.  Jr. knew what
came next, and each boy glued an eye to the peep-holes.

Holding back their gasps, Greg and Jr. were treated to the site of
their sisters, Megan and Cheryl, each clad only in panties.  Candy
apparently was in the shower.  They were facing the boys,
apparently looking in a mirror as Megan brushed Cheryl's drying
hair.  Jr. fastened his gaze on Megan's full, rounded hooters, each
capped by a large reddish aureola.  He could barely discern the
freckles in the valley between her breasts which paralleled those
on her nose.  Greg, for his part, was enjoying the sight of
Cheryl's breasts, a bit pointier than her cousin's, but no less
sexy for that.  Each boy also took note of his own sister, but each
was more entranced by his cousin.

Shortly thereafter, the girls finished the brushing, donned long t-
shirts for sleeping and turned out the light.  The boys quietly
replaced the pictures and returned to their own beds.  Each had a
hard-on which was soon taken care of by hand.

The next morning, all five cousins were put to hard work by Uncle
Jim and Aunt Sal.  But after lunch, with the chores done, the
adults relented and let the kids hit the swimming hole.  It was a
spring-fed pond, located back in some un-cleared acreage about a
quarter mile from the farm house.  

At the clearing around the pond, the kids separated into the brush
to don their suits.  Megan and Cheryl, who during the day had had
some whispered conferences of their own, waited until the boys were
out of sight, then tip-toed after them, shushing Candy as she
inquisitively followed them.  The girls were just in time to see
the boys shucking their jeans and shorts.  Wide-eyed, Candy could
not believe what her sister and cousin were up to, but she enjoyed
the sights as well.

As Jr. wriggled into his suit, Greg turned aside toward the bushes
to take a piss.  He caught a flash of color from the corner of his
eye, and, without turning his head, swiveled his eyes toward that
color.  He noticed his sister and cousins staring from boy to boy,
but they did not know he had seen them.  "What's good for the
goose..." Greg thought, and filed it away for future use.

When the boys were almost done, the girls scampered off toward
their side of the clearing, changing on the run.  Within a half-
minute of the boys' arrival at the pond, all three girls
cannonballed out of the brush into the water.

Swimming underwater, Cheryl saw a pair of legs up ahead, emanating
from red swim trunks: Greg.  Boldly, Cheryl swam right between
those legs, then pulled them down, dunking her cousin under the
water.  Greg pushed down himself, holding his attacker under
briefly, until he felt a tug on his suit.  Grabbing his trunks with
both hands to keep from losing them, Greg let Cheryl up. 
Sputtering, she splashed to the surface and back-stroked away.

Across the pond, Candy and Megan were double-teaming Jr. in a water
fight.  Not liking the odds, Jr. dove under the water to escape. 
Candy moved to cut off her big brother, who grabbed her legs and
dunked her under.  Seeing this, Megan jumped on Jr.'s back, pushing
him down.  As they tussled, Jr. made sure he got several handfuls
of Megan's breasts (always briefly and always 'accidentally').  He
couldn't be sure, but he thought she might have responded in kind.

This horseplay continued off and on, with each cousin taking bolder
liberties each time.  Pretty soon, Greg, Jr., Megan and Cheryl were
all fairly worked up.  Only Candy didn't seem to know what was
going on.  Suddenly, they heard Aunt Sal calling them to dinner as
she made her way toward the pond.  Immediately, they sprang apart,
guilty looks on their faces.  Sal noticed this flurry and the
looks, and felt she had a pretty good idea of what was occurring. 
But she wasn't sure and said nothing about it to the kids.  To
herself she sighed "Ah, youth."  then she told the five to hurry
up.

After dinner, Greg excused himself and headed out to the barn to
check on a calf.  Cheryl had drawn dish duty.  Megan and Jr. each
sat on the large porch swing, at seperate ends, while Candy decided
to go "exploring".  Jim and Sal were inside.

After a bit, Cheryl came outside.  "Where's Candy?" she asked.

"Off 'exploring'," Jr. said.

"In the dark?  I'd better go find her."

From the barn, Greg watched Cheryl leave the porch and set off
toward one of the out-buildings.  Cutting out the back end of the
barn, he contrived to round one corner behind the shed just as
Cheryl rounded the other.  Startled, she jumped.

"Oh, Greg!  You scared me."

"What are you doing out here, Cheryl?" he said, with a bold look on
his face.

"I'm, uh, out looking for Candy.  She's out here somewhere."

"Been doing a lot of looking lately, huh?"

"Whatever do you mean, Greg?"

"I saw you peeking on us at the pond.  Did you get an eyeful?"

"I, uh, gotta go look for Candy.

"She's a big girl, she can take care of herself.  Of course, she's
not as big as you. But, hey, I think that in all fairness, you
should show me just how big you are."

"What?" 

"I mean, fair's fair, you saw me naked, I should be able to see you
naked.  Otherwise, I might have to tell my Mom what you gals did."

Cheryl was really warming to the topic.  In fact, she would be glad
to strip off for Greg, even without the blackmail.  She was just
surprised (and delighted) that matters had "come to a head" so
soon.

"Well, cuz, there's no need to go worrying your Mom over this, I
think we can work something out.  But I only got a little peek this
afternoon.  Why don't we both strip off now, in the interest of
fairness."

"Why, that's the fairest thing I've heard all day," Greg grinned,
and began skinning out of his clothes.

With a playful look, Cheryl teased at the button to her shorts,
waiting until Greg was down to his skivvies before popping it and
unzipping the zipper.  As he watched avidly, she skinned out of the
shorts, then pulled her shirt over her head, revealing her
delicious breasts to the night breeze and Greg's hungry gaze. 
Together they stripped off their underpants, then appraised each
other's naked form.

At about this time, a certain 'explorer' came around a clump of
bushes.  Candy did a doubletake at the two naked forms before her,
then slid noiselessly back into the bushes.  While she'd seen tons
of naked girls before, including her sister, she'd never set eyes
on a real naked boy.  This was worth sitting still for.

"Well," Cheryl said.

"Yeah, well" said Greg.

That about summed it up as the two slid into each other's arms,
tongues locked in a clinch that gave new ferocity to the term
"kissing cousins".  Greg's hands moved to Cheryl's breasts,
kneading them, tweaking the nipples.  Cheryl, for her part, dropped
one hand to stroke the long, thin rod rising up from her cousin's
loins.  She soon dropped to her knees and engulfed his meat into
her warm mouth.

Candy was aghast, but incredibly turned on.  Loosening her own
shorts, she dipped one hand into her panties and began stroking a
finger between her already wet lips.

It was all Greg could do to keep his knees from buckling as his
sexy cousin gave him skull.  Many country girls had balked at
performing fellatio, but this city chick was an old pro.  Bobbing
and twisting her head, Cheryl worked her cousin's joystick in and
out, taking it deep then pulling back until just the crown was
between her lips.  When she sensed Greg was getting close, she lay
back and said greedily "my turn".

Greg dove between her upraised knees and attacked the fleshy folds
of her twat with his tongue.  In the bushes, Candy was mystified. 
She had never heard of oral sex before, and was not sure if she
liked what she was seeing.  But apparently, Cheryl and Greg liked
it alot, so she humped her hand harder and tried to imagine the
feelings.

Cheryl was in the throes of her third (silent) orgasm , arching her
back off the ground, when she felt her cousin move up between her
thighs.  "Oh, yes, fuck me," she moaned.  Greg positioned his long
dong outside her twat and P-U-S-H-E-D it in ever so slowly.  Both
teens groaned in ecstasy as Cheryl's pussy gobbled up his dick.  He
then began long, slow strokes which brought Cheryl to the brink of
another orgasm.  

In the bushes, Candy herself was cumming hard into her panties. 
She knew what fucking was and was enjoying the show her sister and
cousin were putting on.  Moments later, Cheryl started cumming as
well, in great gulping spasms.  Her clutching cunt muscles drove
Greg over the edge, and he drove deep into her, shooting wad after
wad of cum into her spasming depths, grunting with each shot.  He
then collapsed weakly on top of his cousin and they kissed deeply.

"This might be an interesting two weeks after all," Cheryl giggled.

Buttoning her shorts in the bushes, Candy can't help but agree.

--
