
                       @story3: (M/F, CONS, FANTASY) 1/?

                         This is just a fictional story

                              EXECUTIVE' SECRETARY
                                     Part 1
                                       by
                                     (sam)
                              chbeck@microtec.net

      The only thing which mattered to Betsy, the minister's wife, at that
precise moment was the fat glorious cock in her mouth. Monstrous throbbing
cock.

      Admittedly the best cock she had ever had. One of the biggest and best
tasting too. If she didn't know better, she would have sworn that it had won
first place in a Mr. Big Dick Contest. To show her appreciation of her Boss's
equipement, she swirled her tongue around and around inbig concentric circles.
She sighed contendly as she sucked. She truly did. She would rather be sucking
on a monster-sized organ than anything else in the world.

      No one could say that YMCC wasn't a wild place. An YMCC girl could reach
out and fondle a pair of balls, or stroke a penis without the slightest of
embarrassment. Betsy was one of the most fuckable women in the entire company.

      Rumor had it that the reason John Wilkinson started the company, and
established unusual practices, was because he wanted to demonstrate to all the
pretty asses on the premises that he had the biggest member of all. And of
course, many of the women were impressed with his size, since they had never
played around before joining YMCC. Wanda too was impressed, very impressed
indeed.

      Yet, she recalled how stunned she had been when she had once overheard a
blowsy temp confiding in two goggle-eyed young secretaries about a date with
YMCC's president, John Wilkinson.

      "So big." the woman had been marvelling.

      "How big?" breathed one of the 18 years old YMCC's secretaries.

      "Have you ever tried to get a big tomato in your mouth, all in one?
Without biting it? well, that was just the head. And once he got nearly all of
it inside me -- all I can say is, I didn't walk to work this morning, I
hobbled."

      Well, Betsy soon found out how just exactly big his appendage was. When
John Wilkinson had first interviewed Betsy for the job of secretary, he had
asked abruptly if she knew how to suck a cock. She had been shocked by the
question, and yet, she didn't run from the interview. She recalled smiling
broadly as she answered him.

      "I've never done anything like that before, she remembered reaching up
and unbuttoning her blouse. But I'd like to it a try."

      While she undressed, he looked at her resume and said,

      "I see here that you're married to a minister."

      "Yes, I'm a minister's wife."

      "So, you don't use words like 'fuck' or 'suck' and 'lick my balls?'"

      "Oh dear me, no! I never use such vule language. I leave that for the
wicked people on the street."

      "But you do fuck, don't you?"

      "Yes. I fuck frequently, but I don't enjoy it a lot. My husband has a
rather small dick..."

      She remembered the first time she saw him naked. John unzipped his pants
and pulled them down his muscular legs. He stood before herin nothing more than
a pair of tight-fitting briefs. She gulped when she saw the outline of his cock
behind the thin material of his underwear. The damn thing seemed to be the size
of a submarine! If he put it into her, she would surely be ripped asunder. She
would die -- right here, in that room. But what a way to go. John Wilkinson
reached down, pulled out his mammoth prick, and waved it in her direction.
Betsy gulped as she gazed at his hardness.

      "Is it anything like this?"

      "Hardly! He doesn't have anything that big. I didn't even know they came
that large!"

      "How would you like to come ovr here and try it for size?"

      She remembered walking as if in a trance towards him. She recalled
bending down to get a better look at his awesome organ. And soon thereafter,
she was sitting on his lap, and riding that cock of his for ever inch of her
life.

      She learned to enjoy the physical sensation of having a massive cock in
her cunt. She was startled at how good it felt, much better than the smaller
penises which she had experienced. Who said that size didn't matter! Sure, it
was a good thing that she had been loosened up at first otherwise she'd
probably had screamed in pain when he first entered her.

      At YMCC, she had learned that men had penises. On the second floor of the
building -- the no-clothes floor, she could see for herself the various sizes
and shapes of cocks which were available for her choosing. All she had to do
was reach out and touch one, and as quick as a flash it would spring to life!

      She was a woman who had truly learned to love cock. And the cock before
her at that moment was one of the choicest in all of the company. She knew it
because after five years on the job she had sampled her fair share of YMCC men
during lunch breaks, coffee breaks and after dinner parties.

      Luckily for her, YMCC products went out of its way to hire men who were
well-endowed. The average length of a cock in the company was almost eight
inches. That was plenty for most of the girls, but she liked the really big
ones -- the ten to twelve inchers, like John's. Ones which could really give a
girl a good time. Of all the YMCC employees, John Wilkinson was certainly the
best in bed because he had the sexual equipement of a stallion and was always
ready to perform.

      Of course, some of the black guys down in the stock room weren't too bad
either. A lot of them had gargantuan cocks, even larger than John's.
Unfortunately, their youthfulness and lack of finesse, resulted in amateurish
performances.

      She smiled. Her minister-husband would be shocked to learn that she had
been sleeping around on the side, but he would be absolutely outraged if he
found out that she had been fucked by a half dozen black studs from the
stockroom over the years. And not just on one occasion either. Various times,
and in various positions. Of course, she was quite proud of her experiences.
She never knew how wonderful orgies and interracial sex could be until she came
to work at YMCC. She had never know sex to be so powerful and wonderful.
Naturally, she became an eager and willing participant in the group orgies on
the fifth floor at YMCC Products.

      She leaned forward and planted a kiss on the very tipof his meaty rod.
She had also learned that a woman should learn to take her time when mouthing
an erection. As far as she was concerned, there was nothing to rush about sex.
The slower it was, the more glorious the climax.

      She had also learned not to neglect the balls. John Wilkinson had a very
nice set of balls, they were quite large and they weighed a lot. She could feel
his mammoth nuts move : that meant that they were manufacturing more sperm to
feed her. She pulled on them gently and felt  his organ swell in her mouth. It
increased significantly. She tightened her lips around the crown, and sucked
more avidly. She could feel his organ pulse. As she played with his testes, she
realized that everything that a man truly possessed in this world was right
there between his legs. A luxury car meant nothing if a fellow didn't have a
big pecker and a large set of balls to go with ot. Even a large country estate
couln't compensate for a small penis. A mighty organ was all that mattered.

      She had learned to love being blasted full of the milky substances
whenever she had an intercourse. And since she got reamed about once an hour,
that meant that she took several ounces into her bodily orifices each day. John
himself produced several spoonfuls every hour. And he never withdrew. He
squirted everything he had within her, deep, very deep. Sometimes it felt as if
he had unleashed a firehose in her cunt as indicated by the amount of seepage
afterwards.

      She now held nearly one half of the length of his cock within her mouth.
If she gobbled too much, she would nearly choke. John looked down and watched
as Betsy ministered to his upright member. He liked the way she sucked on it.
More than any other woman in the company, she represented something special. A
lot of women nursed on a penis as if they couldn't stand to have a cock in
their mouth. But not Betsy, who acts as if it belonged there.

      He especially liked it when he would see her sitting next to her husband
at church. She would wink at him and he got a real kick out of knowing that
those pretty lips which praised also sucked some mean cock on a regular basis.

      She always did her utmost to please him. Even when she was fully exposed
with her legs 180 degrees apart, she would ask: 'Is it wide enough for you,
John? I might be able to open myself a little wider in a week or two because
I'm taking ballet classes where we really stretch our thighs.'

      She was actually sucking his penis like a baby on a lollipop. Her cheeks
were balloning in and out as her palate worked up and down. And he saw the
contentement expressed in her eyes. Ah yes! Betsy Cunningham had it all. The
lips that could suck. The tongue that could lick. And the throat which seemed
to go on forever. She could even swallow all of Tom Brickman, in spite the fact
that he had one of the longest cock in the company. The woman could give
blowjobs like no one in the company, and she always swallowed everything she
drew forth.

      That was what she was preparing to do now. He watched in fascination as
she puckered her lips and went after his cock with that much more
determination. She sucked like a Hoover vacuum cleaner in overdrive. At that
very moment, she was busy swallowing John's sperm. She could feel it going down
her gullet and slipping into her tummy.

      As the warm sperm settled in the tiny and shapely incurving bowl of her
tummy, she asked: "Did you like that, John?"

      "There's nothing better than getting sucked off by a beautiful secretary
before lunch. Now I want you to spread your legs as wide as possible."

      John aimed his monstrous organ in the direction of the pretty little
Betsy's slim body and precisely at the juncture of her shapely thighs. He gave
a cautious little shove and put the first few inches of his manly shaft into
her waiting body. She grunted, either from pleasure and pain. For some twenty
minutes or so, until the pretty woman was covered with a sexy sheen of sweat
and was panting in palpitating breaths, begging and yearning for yet  one more
stroke. Her vagina was slick and wet and tight and deep.

      By now, she was as wide open as possible : her snatch was gaping like an
open tunnel. She also knew how to shake her ass and bounce her buttocks. She
knew how to relax her ass and put much action into her hips as a Brooklyn
prostitute in good standing with street gangs.

      Over the years she had taken his shaft hundreds of times into her body.
Yet, even though she was quite familiar with it, she never got used of its
thickness. He was hung like a stallion, his cock reminded her of the ones on
the farm animals back home. It certainely was as long as a donkey's. The thing
which John Wilkinson was blessed with was the biggest pecker in the company.
They didn't come any bigger. Sometimes it reminded her of a rolling pin, or the
blunt end of a baseball bat. It was as large as her arm from her elbow to her
wrist. John gave his cock to Wanda for approximatively ten long lengthy
strokes, then pulled it out of her passionate little lovebox then sliding all
twelve inches of his massive rod back and forth.

      In some ways he preferred Betsy's snatch because he had the satisfaction
of knowing that she was the minister's wife. There was something deliciously
wicked about fucking the wife of a man of the cloth -- especially when herself
got such a kick out it.

      Finally he could feel the wondrous sensation in his member. The way his
organ grew to its final last millimeter of size. The way it twitched more
mightily than ever before. The way the skin became taut and smooth. The way the
crown became like an enormous plum and the veins began to bulge. He drove his
cock into her with such force that her breasts shook, her thighs bounced and
her teeth chattered.

      The door opened and in stepped little Suzie Willis. She surveyed the
scene of the lovely woman sprawled atop the desk with her legs spread
obscenely, and copious amounts of semen and vaginal secretions dripping out of
her cunt.

      "She looks like she just got fucked."

      "She sure did", answered John as he reached down and wiped the juices
from his cock with a handkerchief. Lauren smiled.

      "Do you think that you will be able to do me later this afternoon?"

      He tossed the handkerchief aside: "Aren't you supposed to pretzel
yourself for lunch today?"

      "Sure. But that doesn't mean my hole will be occupied all day. How about
it Boss? Once you recuperate you can give my hot slot some of your hard meat.
It's been nearly a week since we last fucked..."


                               to be continued...
                          if someone's interested :-)

