
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

          THE  SEXUAL  ADVENTURES  OF  EXINE

                       VOLUME 5

(c) August 1991 P.Ptyza
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
You know by now that it's only for horny OVER 21 people...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX

     A person can only be happy go lucky and totally adventurous
for so long before a brief whiff of depression can kick in and
destroy their personality for a while. Such is what happened to
Exine one night when her young fling named Derek was carded at a
bar (he was turning 21 in a month or so but the bartender
wouldn't let him slide). The bartender who knew Exine made a
comment to the effect of,"when did you start picking them up at
school?" Well, needless to say, that ruined the night for our
sweet gal and much of the following week. Although no hint of age
had crept into her face or body, she found herself constantly
checking herself out in mirrors, scrutinizing carefully for
wrinkles and other "old" signs. She answered absolutely none of
her calls, even poor horny Derek who was as confused as anyone.
Derek however gave up calling by Wednesday but there were others
that left messages that were ignored. Some kept calling everyday
sounding pissed off at no eager call back by the vivacious imp
ready for any sexual feast on the menu.
     Thursday evening came and Exine was so depressed she found
herself calling in work for a personal day for Friday. Her boss
said it was no problem, things were slow anyway and she hadn't
taken any sick days for the year yet. He was a kindly older man
who she sometimes confided in. He noticed something was wrong all
week but never asked her. After she hung up, the phone rang,
thinking it was her boss with a last minute rebuke or changing
his mind she picked it up in the middle of the first ring. A
nervous voice said,"Uh, hello, is this Exine D'Marillion..." She
answered business like that it was, thinking it was someone
trying to sell her insurance or a once in a lifetime chance for a
"gold card". Instead the hauntingly familiar voice said,"Hi, you
might not remember me. We went to high school together. I'm Mark
Grayden." He waited for recognition before he continued. Hot
tears with memories flooded her eyes.
     "Oh my God, Mark, it's been so long. Hey what's up?" Her
heart pounded inside her chest as she heard his voice through the
phone, altered by the line and age, but the same voice she
remembered.
     "I was wondering," he started,"if you were going to the
reunion on Saturday. Or maybe I should start by asking if you're
married and or attached before I ask that." Her mind raced. She
remembered getting something in the mail from the school about
two months ago but figured they were asking for donations and
tossed it out. She quickly counted back and indeed, ten years had
passed since graduation day.
     "Mark, I didn't even know there WAS a reunion. And to answer
your other question, no, I'm certainly not married. Never found
anyone to put up with me too long."
      "Wow, then this is really short notice. You probably have
plans made already for the weekend."
      "Actually I don't." She did, with Derek, but somehow he
didn't exist anymore.
      "Well I'd really like to see you. Would you like to go with
me?"
      "You know something Grayden, I'd love to. In fact I
wouldn't mind meeting you tonight for a drink or something just
to see you again before Saturday. Are you at your parents house?"
      "Ah, hell, Ex, my folks moved outta here years ago. They're
out in Colorado. I'm in the Holiday Inn off the turnpike."
      "Hey, that's really close. I can be there in fifteen
minutes if that's not too short of notice for you. I just really
need someone to talk to now." She tried not to sound too pushy or
anxious.
     "I'd like that Ex, no problem, you want to meet me in the
lounge?" She agreed and they hung up. Her heart raced in
anticipation of seeing someone familiar from when she felt really
alive.  She ran in her room and tried to pick out something to
where. Feeling funny, like a girl on her first date, she kept
pulling out one dress, throwing it on the floor and picking
another. Finally she settled on a simple black, off the shoulder
outfit, hey even a purse to match. All the while her thoughts
turned back to school and Mark. They had some really great times
together. Everyone thought they would get married after
graduation but Mark went into the service and she moved to the
city for a while to try modeling.
     She drove into the Holiday Inn's parking lot and parked. She
sat in the car for five minutes looking into the mirror and
fixing her dress. Her heels clicked loudly on the concrete as she
walked up to the door and into the brightly decorated lobby. She
followed the signs to the lounge and not seeing anyone familiar
sat at the bar. "He probably jumped in the shower or
something...or chickened out," she thought negatively. The
jukebox ended a Rolling Stones tune. She thought about grabbing
some change and checking it out. Then a song came on that threw a
lump in her throat. "Night Moves" by Bob Seger. They used to sing
that riding around in Mark's beat up LTD, saying it was "their
song". The bartender took her order for a screwdriver and brought
it promptly. A raspy low voice sang behind her,"...it was
summertime.." She looked up into the mirror behind the bar and
then turned her barstool to look up at him. He was a little
taller, had a full beard and moustache and was just a tad heavier
but it was the same Mark. He had that shy smile on his face and
said simply,"Hi, Ex." Instinctively she jumped up and hugged him,
receiving a big hug back. He picked up her drink and showed her
to a table near the back of the room. 
     "You don't look much different, dear," he said, "unlike me.
I went downhill a few years ago."
     "Mark, you look great," she countered.
     "No, that's something we say at the reunion to Bev and Tom
and the ones we can't stand. Between us we always told the
truth."
She took his hand and looked him in the eyes,"You look so good, I
could eat you right here." He laughed outloud in his unmistakable
trademark laugh.
     "God, I haven't heard you say that in so long. It's been ten
years." They countered back and forth as to what each other had
been up to. He talked about his brief marriage to some girl in
the Army and the divorce that put him through the mill three
years ago. A ballad flipped on the jukebox and Exine
suggested,"Grayden, ask me to dance."
     "Why, gee Ex, would you like to dance?"
     "Thought you'd never ask." They walked to the dance floor
and he took her in his arms, closer than even in high school.
     "You know, I never thought I'd feel you in my arms again,"
he whispered and held her a little closer yet. He looked deep in
her eyes and kissed her openly. She responded by gently touching
his tongue with her own.  She could feel his erection against her
belly through his slacks and was hoping she'd get the chance to
feel it inside of her instead. As the song was winding down, he
suggested that they go to his room and order a bottle of wine
from room service so that they could kick off their shoes as they
talked. She smiled and said sure. On their way out, a portly
woman with very dark eyeshadow and a dress that was too tight for
her figure said brashly,"Mark? Mark Grayden, is that you?" They
turned and the woman literally bounced up to them. "Bev, Bev
Nash. Exine! That's it, I knew you had a weird name. I guess you
guys are in for the reunion. So you guys got any kids?"
     "Bev, I hardly recognized you," he started. "Yes, Exine and
I have six kids. Sextuplets, you know. Don't she look great?
They're only three months old now. Hey, I gotta take a wicked
piss, we'll see ya Saturday night!" He led Exine out to the
elevator as quickly as he could without Bev following them. Safe
inside and rising to the seventh floor they both burst out
laughing.
     "So we have six kids, huh? How come I don't remember this?"
     "They had to knock you out, dear, the pain was too much," he
countered. They laughed some more. He whistled and remarked on
Bev's weight gain. "For a cheerleader, I'd hate to see her try to
do a split now. She'd never get up. Oh, that's mean. I don't
care, she was a bitch in school."
     The doors opened and they walked down the hall holding
hands. He unlocked the door and let her go in first after he
flicked on the light. The room was actually quite big and it
overlooked the turnpike. He opened up the menu sitting next to
the lamp and said,"Ok, what kind of bubbly do we want?"
     "Anything cold and wet, I don't care. Just something to get
a little stupid on so I have an excuse to rip off your clothes."
He looked up over the menu and smirked,"You don't need any excuse
for that." She walked over to the window and looked out over the
highway as he phoned down his order. She overheard him order an
expensive champagne. As she walked back he had indeed kicked off
his shoes and was sitting on the bed with a pillow propped behind
him patting the place next to him.
     "C'mon girl and snuggle next to me like you used to." She
stepped out of her heels and climbed onto the bed almost like a
cat on all fours, knowing that her cleavage was showing and
watching him look at it. She laid next to him and put an arm over
his stomach and laid her head against his chest. He put his
finger under her chin and brought her face up to his and kissed
her. She felt like she was melting into him like a chocolate bar
left on the dash of a car in the summer. He turned so that they
were lying on the bed facing each other, "making out" they used
to call it. It was more like groping and moaning. His hand ran
down her back and over her ass, stopping to squeeze tightly and
pull her against him. His cock was really hard now, it was almost
maddening to her, but she liked the romance in just "making out"
like they were in the back of his car again. She unbuttoned his
shirt and ran her hands over his chest. What used to be muscle
was a lot softer now, but it was him and that was all that
mattered. He kissed her neck in the soft spot that joined the
neck and shoulder, her most sensitive spot of her whole body, and
her knew it after all this time. He bit and sucked, relaying his
not so innocent intentions to her and making her crotch start to
really water for his hardness. A knock at the door startled them
both. They felt like kids caught on the sofa that were supposed
to be babysitting. The knock came again and a voice said,"Room
service, Sir." He jumped up and answered the door. A young man
held a tray and Mark ushered him in. The man placed the tray on a
small desk next to the television and opened the champagne.
     "Would you like me to pour it," he offered. Mark handed him
a bill rolled up and muttered,"No, just take this and get the
hell out so we can fuck our brains out, Kid." The young man
blushed, taking the bill and said politely,"No problem, sir." As
Mark shut the door, the kid had given him a 'thumbs up' sign. He
guessed that the kid probably thought Exine was a lot younger
than himself. He put the 'do not disturb' sign on the door,
hoping to all hell that Bev wouldn't look him up and be the next
one pounding on the door with a yearbook under her arm. Mark came
back into the room and poured the champagne. When he turned
around, he almost dropped it. Exine was wearing only a sheet and
was smiling innocently from underneath it, curled up with her
chin touching the tops of her knees. She must not have been
wearing a thing under that dress to do it that fast he thought.
     "My, my, what have we here," he calmly said, bringing the
glasses. She took one, not taking her eyes off him.
     "I propose a toast," she said. "To here, now and tonight."
They clinked glasses and downed their drinks. He brought the
bottle and refilled them. He added,"To Catholic girls who don't
wear underwear under their uniforms."
     She laughed and added,"To the Catholic boy who introduced me
to bondage on his motorcycle with his green plaid ties."
     "Jesus, I forgot all about that! Ok, wait a minute, here's
one, to the girl who jerked me off in study hall under the
table..."
     She downed her drink and unbuttoned his pants. "So how about
if I finish the job right now, huh?" He tossed back his drink and
unzipped his pants. He hadn't felt desire as whole heartedly as
this even with his ex-wife. He fumbled with his socks and
underwear, throwing them on the floor in devil may care fashion.
He ripped the sheet from her body so he could look at her naked
form in the light. Her breasts were full and round, nipples tight
from arousal in sharp little points. He noticed without question
her all over tan and that made his hard cock want to reach out
another inch if it could. He noticed the hair on her pussy was
shaved slightly on each side, probably so she could wear those
sexy kind of bathing suits. It almost looked like she sported a
little mohawk down there. He kneeled on the bed and leaned down
to kiss her stomach. His hand rested on her thigh and his palm
hot and sweaty, moved over her thigh and up to her pouting cunt.
Her drenched snatch took him a little by surprise. He hadn't
expected her to really want him THAT much, but this proved that
her feelings were genuine. He massaged her swollen clit, hearing
her moan softly, placing her own hand over his and
whispering,"Oh, yeah....do me, Mark." He took his middle finger,
gnarled and bruised from heavy equipment and slowly eased it into
the delicate lips of her pussy, like some tiger-lily filled with
dew, its soft wet petals wrapped around his finger. His tongue
found a nipple and suckled, his teeth nibbling just slightly,
like he knew she liked it. He slipped another finger in her and
then another. It felt so good, but she wanted his thick cock
inside her.
     "Mark...I want you so bad...oooooh, fuck me..." 
     That was all he needed, he pulled his dripping fingers from
her and spread apart her legs as he placed his body between them.
His body cried out for release but he needed to stay in control
to make it last more than ten seconds. With a hand around his
cock, he guided it into her pulsing hole and slowly moved in and
out against her body. Time stopped for both of them and the
ritual began. Her tight pussy was like a vision from the past and
they worked slowly together in perfect synchronicity. Even now he
found himself comparing her to his ex-wife who was too loose and
bitched that he was too big. Exine was perfectly tight and only
held onto him tighter when his full length was inside of her. He
kissed her neck and licked the salty dampness of her
perspiration, tasting and smelling her light cologne, still the
same spicy scent she wore when they were fumbling in the back
seat. He pulled out and rolled her over. She helped him guide his
cock in her pussy from behind her, it reminded her of when they
used to do it on his cycle. He'd put it on the kickstand and sit
back with a raging hard on. She face the front, naked except for
the black leather knee high boots, holding onto the gas tank, as
she'd sit back onto his cock and pump like a kangaroo in place.
He liked doing it that way so he could fondle her tits and pussy
like he was doing now. He oftened asked her to pose in just her
boots so he could send a picture in to one of the cycle magazines
but she never let him. She'd drape herself half naked over the
bike if he was trying to work on it and tease him when she knew
the camera wasn't in the garage. One time when he was trying to
fix the chain she even pulled off her shirt and was licking her
own tit. He was so hot he almost knocked the bike over getting to
her, ripping her shorts down in the fury and fucking her in the
garage on the cool concrete floor. She joked the whole next week
how she had to scrub the oily tire marks off her ass before gym
day. He thought she was joking when she said they wouldn't come
off until one of the prisses was buzzing about it near his locker
that they saw them in the shower. He calmly looked over and
said,"So what are you doing staring at girls' asses?" The bitches
had given him the finger and marched away. Now as his older and
more mature cock was ramming in and out of her, all he could
think of was how things were so much easier then. The wind in
their hair when they went out cruising summer nights. Fucking was
simply fucking, it wasn't lovemaking....like now. Even though
this was hot and lustful it was indeed lovemaking. He came in hot
waves of spewing lava-like cum into her and he realized that he
really did love her after all these years. This time, was going
to be different, he wasn't going to let her get away and he
wasn't going to leave her.
