BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News
COPYRIGHT 1989

October 1989    Volume 2, Issue 10

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                  Author

Policy Statement and Disclaimer................Mark Maisel
Editorial Column...............................Mark Maisel
Cybernetic Languages...........................Dr. EBCDIC
Insights.......................................Ron Albright
The World Of MIDI Part 2: MIDI Specifications..Keith Cahoon
Sex On A BBS...................................Jeff Hollingsworth
ProFile:  Chris Mohney.........................Chris Mohney
Gamer's Corner:  Battleship Door...............Eric Hunt
Our Local Bulletin Board Systems...............Mark Maisel
Message Board..................................Barry Bowden
Known BBS Numbers..............................Mark Maisel
Eznet Multiple Echo List.......................Randy Hilliard

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for
damage due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability,if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Editor, BTN
221 Chestnut St.
BHM, AL 35210-3219

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Guest Editorial
by Ricky Morgan

     Those of you that are regular readers of BTN may recall last month
Randy Hilliard alluded to the fact that he had found a "volunteer" to
write a Guest Editorial.

     Well now it's my turn to give you the other side of that story. A
word of warning to all; when at a BTN party, be careful about what you
do or say around Mark, Randy and in the future me, or you may find that
you will be the NEXT guest editor.

              -------------------------------------------
              Scenario of picking a guest editor for BTN:
              -------------------------------------------

  Mark Maisel:  Rick would you like to do a guest editorial for BTN?

  Ricky Morgan:  No.

  Randy Hilliard:  Are you sure Rick? We would really LIKE for you to
                   write an editorial for us.

  Ricky Morgan:  I'm really flattered guys-but no, I don't think so...
                 NO! Thanks anyway.


     At this point Mark and Randy confer quietly between themselves.
     Then turn back to Rick.


  Mark Maisel:  Well Rick, would the fact that we have some rather
                REVEALING photos of you and Jessica Hahn sway you into
                doing a guest editorial for BTN?

  Ricky Morgan:  Ha! I like that. You couldn't possibly have anything
                 like that; I've never even met the girl.

  Randy Hilliard:  Rick, you would be surprised at what Mark can do with
                   a computer, a digital scanner and an old copy of
                   Playboy.

              -------------------------------------------

     So here I am doing a guest editorial for BTN. I'm still not sure
what I did to deserve this dubious honor. Outside of being a survivor of
two BTN parties, (I left early each time), I have no other credentials
or literary talents that would qualify me for this honor.

     I have only been on the local BBS scene for about six short months,
I'm not well known and don't intend to be, as I stay in out of the way
conferences; so technically I'm still a new kid of the block.

     And what a block! If you read last months Insight by Ron Albright
you have some idea about what I'm referring to. The diversity of the
people that I have met and talked to is simply overwhelming. Where else
can people from such widely varying backgrounds meet, converse, and
sometimes argue, on everything from the weeks current events to ancient
history. If there is something you want to know about virtually
anything, chances are that on a board somewhere, there is someone who
can help you. All you have to do is ask.

     BTN itself is a melting pot of people with experience in all types
of fields. I hope you enjoy this issue as much as I have enjoyed all the
past issues; which brings me to my editorial duties. I hope that I can
uphold the fine tradition set forth by Mark and Randy.

     This month Dr. EBCDIC is back with Part II of the series he started
last month on Cybernetic Languages. Don't let the title scare those of
you who, like me, aren't into programming. DOC does a very good job of
explaining what can be a very confusing topic.

     Ever left a message for someone, only to find out later that the
receiver misunderstood the intent of the message? There are some
limitations to the written word and how feelings are expressed, this
comes from someone who only recently had the intent of a written message
misunderstood. Ron Albright's Insight, this month addresses that
problem, some of the causes, and several thought provoking solutions.
This is a "MUST READ" for anyone active in telecommunications.

     Keith Cahoon brings us Part 2 in his "World of the MIDI" series.
This month it's MIDI specifications that he discusses, along with what I
think is a good look at the data format as well as hardware interfacing
for a MIDI.

     Jeff Hollingsworth gives us an inside look at something we would
all probably like to know more about; Sex on a BBS. I wonder how much
field research he did on this? Quite frankly I don't understand what
possesses those people to become involved in the Adult conferences. To
each his own, I suppose.

     Guess who finally got caught up in his own web, Chris Mohney,
thats' who! Chris, the dreaded Profiler, finally found his name in the
hat that proclaims the name a victim each month.  Find out all about
this unusual fellow by reading his very own ProFile.

     Dive! Dive! Dive! Eric Hunt tells everyone how to get started
playing the newest game sensation, Battleship. He includes some of the
boards where you'll be able to get set up playing, the revision level
current on each board and some of the differences in each revision.

     In Our Local Bulletin Board System, Mark Maisel interviews THE
Sysop that everyone wants to know more about; the infamous and
mysterious MONTY, of The Crunchy Frog.

     We wrap up with Barry Bowden's October Message Board, (get involved
in these meetings people!), Mark's List of Known BBS numbers, and
Randy's Eznet Multiple Echo List.  Mark has further enhanced the BBS
List by denoting BBS' that are part of FidoNet.  See last month for a
brief explanation of FidoNet.

     Enjoy and don't forget to let these guys know how much you enjoy
their work.

     O.K. Mark, Randy...the deed is done. You said one contract, I've
fulfilled my end, now are you going to destroy those picture?

     Mark........?
     Randy.......?

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Cybernetic Languages:  Part II
by Dr. EBCDIC

     I know what you are thinking, "Has DOC lost his mind or what?" Here
I am writing another one of those Cybernetic articles.  Last issue I
talked about a language called Modula-2, a descendent of Pascal.  Well,
that is fine for those people who like to program in Pascal and 'C', but
what about us that like to program in Basic? The Doc has a cure for you
too.  Did you ever wish that your Basic programs would run faster or
that you did not have to load BASICA or GW-BASIC first? If you answered
yes to any of these questions then a compiler is what you want.

     First we need to get a few things taking care of.  There are two
types of languages.  One is an interpreted language and the other is a
compiled language.  Let's discuss the interpreted language first.
Interpretation means that the computer must take each line of a program
as as it runs and convert it into machine code before executing it.  If
a particular line of code runs more than once the interpreter converts
it into machine code each time it runs.  This conversion takes time
which is why Basic runs slower than a compiled language.  When you run
Basica or GW-Basic you are running an interpreter.

     A compiled language on the other hand works a little differently.
What a compiler does is to go through the entire program and convert it
into assembler code without executing the program.  The compiler places
this assembler code into an .OBJ file, which it then converts into a
binary file with an .EXE extention which can be ran directly from DOS.
When you type in the name of an executable file you are running the
machine code which means that the computer does not need to convert the
program as it is running.  Since the computer does not need to interpret
each line as the code runs the program runs much faster.

     There are a number of different Basic compilers available today.
IBM has a compiler that it calls BASCOM which will compile your Basica
and GW-Basic Programs.  MicroSoft has a compiler called QuickBASIC, and
Borland's compiler is called Turbo Basic.  Turbo Basic is the compiler
that I use, so I am more familiar with it.  Turbo Basic works a little
different than Basica and GW-Basic and has an expanded function and
command set.  There are no line numbers in TB, instead you use labels. A
label can be up to 30 characters long.  An example label would be
(MainRoutine: ), in a GOTO statement you give it a label (i.e. GOTO
MainRoutine ).  This simplifies understanding and debugging the source
code since labels are usually somewhat descriptive.

     An example of a Turbo Basic program to print your name X number of
times using lables and some extended TB functions would look like this:

Main1:
     CLS
     INPUT "PLEASE ENTER YOUR NAME: ",NAME$
     INPUT "HOW MANY TIMES TO PRINT: ",X
      FOR LOOP1 = 1 TO X
        PRINT NAME$
      NEXT LOOP1

DoAgain:
     INPUT "WANT TO PRINT YOUR NAME AGAIN: (Y/N) ",YN$
     IF UCASE$(YN$)><"Y" OR UCASE$(YN$)><"N" THEN GOTO DoAgain
     IF UCASE$(YN$)="N" THEN GOTO End1
     GOTO Main1

  End1:
    END

     It is that simple.  UCASE$ is one of many functions that TB
supports.  UCASE$ will ignore upper and lower case, and will accept
either one.

     One of the nice advantages to TB is that you can compile your
Basica and GW-Basic programs with it.  TB can execute a program from
it's editor and if it encounters an error it will reload the program and
place the cursor on the line where the error occurred and give you a
message telling what the error is.  Turbo Basic also allows you to call
routines that were written in Assembly Language.

     The TB Package comes with some example programs and documentation
on how to use the TB compiler.  TB has a Full Screen Editor, which
allows you to use the arrow keys to move around on the screen and easily
make changes to the program.

     Turbo Basic cost around $79.00 and in my opinion is well worth it.


CIAO, Until we meet again.
                ========== THE DOC ==========
                  A.K.A. Ferlin Scarborough

References:
     Readers Digest Great Encyclopedic Dictionary.

Credits:
     BASCOM and BASICA are Trademarks of International Business Machines.
     GW-BASIC and QuickBASIC are Trademarks of MicroSoft.
     Turbo Basic is a Trademark of Borland.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Insights
by Ron Albright

Copyright (C) 1989 Ron Albright

[Reproduction in any form for other than personal use requires
written permission of the author.]

     In a survey of 701 managers and professionals from Fortune 500
corporations published by Nancy Madlin in "Management Review" (May,
1985), asked several questions about how computers and new forms of
communication are used in the workplace. The value placed on computers
was obvious. If the executives were given ten thousand dollars to spend,
68 percent said they would buy a new computer; only 13 percent would add
a staff member. However, while 53 percent of the respondents had
teleconferencing centers available to them, less than one-third (30
percent) found teleconferencing very useful, and only slightly more (37
percent) found electronic message centers useful.  Electronic mail was
useful to 41 percent. It is apparent the technology of electronic
communication has failed to meet, at least to some degree, the needs of
business as a communications facility.  The question is why?

     One reason for the general lack of acceptance of computer
conferencing is that the system is so inadequate in conveying the whole
content of information.  Certainly, it is efficient in transferring pure
data (in the form of numbers, graphs and spreadsheets), but it is unable
to communicate other aspects of information. For example, how can a
manager convey to an audience his emphasis on increased sales of a
specific item? Sure, he could type "I WANT YOU TO SELL 1000 WIDGETS IN
1986!!!!" The capital letters and the string of exclamation points would
express some degree of importance.  But is it sufficient? How about "IT
IS IMPERATIVE THAT YOU SELL 1000 WIDGETS IN 1986 !!!".  The slight
change in language with the use of the strong "imperative" certainly
adds strength to the directive.  But with computer communications,
clearly, you are unable to perceive the other parts of communications
that we can use as clues to supplement the inadequacies of the English
language.  Without visual contact with the speaker, there are no visual
clues to reinforce meaning.  The determined expression on the speaker's
face, the hand pointing to the audience or pounding on the lectern, and
the emphasis on the word "YOU" cannot be appreciated through a computer
monitor.

     But we know, almost empirically, that expression of emotions does
not require sound. The American Indian can express a wide range of
information and emotions through their sign language. Deaf mutes can
accomplish the same. Admittedly, usage of "non-verbal" language is
important to the deaf mute, but the communication is primarily contained
in the hand signals. The fact that we are not able to convey the full
range of information content (which would include not just the
quantitative data but also the qualitative undertones) does not reflect
a fault with the medium itself. It is more evidence of our failure to
develop it more fully to meet our needs.

     Each year we assimilate, from other languages and through
inventiveness, new words and phrases into our language to symbolize new
objects, events, and emotions. Without such accretions and
modifications, our language would become increasingly inadequate for
daily use. Why is this not done for electronic communications? If there
is an inadequacy with the language in this medium, why not make
adaptations to cause it to be more useful? If the language is to become
more effective for us - better adapted to our present and future
communication needs - then changes must be made to enable us to transmit
what we really mean to say.

     As we are exposed more and more to the medium, it will become
increasingly apparent that our language is an imprecise method of
expressing ideas.  As opposed to mathematics, where the symbols are
concise and convey a singular meaning, the language of communication is
generally imprecise.  Alfred Korzybski, in his publication "Science and
Sanity" (1933) lamented at this dichotomy between the language of
physical science and ordinary communication.  He likened them to the
variance between the concept of a "map" (defined and distinct) and that
of a "territory" (generalized and vague). Korzybski knew that this
degree of linguistic deficiency was reflected in much of the"insane"
behavior of people who derived much of their perceptions of the real
world from imperfect language and who used and relied on often deceptive
language in their efforts to convey and receive language.  He also
emphasized the difference between communications that clearly relate or
refer to an element of reality (extensional), and those that are
nonspecific or vague because they refer to subjective values
(intentional) or to generalizations (high-order abstractions), where the
"receiver" cannot "know" what reality is actually involved. Thus, as
computerized information exchanges continue to increase, we will see the
development of increasingly improved symbolization which will be more
suitable to the electronic medium.  I hesitate using the term "language"
for, as yet, we do not know what form the new symbolism will take.  But
we can assume that it will change and evolve to add even more precision
to how we transfer information to other people through
telecommunication.

     Another reason for us to concentrate resources on developing a
suitable symbolism for the computer telecommunication is our increasing
interaction with the rest of the world.  As we move toward Marshall
McCluhan's "global village" with it's associated global economy, we will
need to develop an efficient method for electronic information exchange.
There are stories in our news today of computer connections being made
between universities in the United States and Russia, as well as Canada
and Europe. This is not the ancient quest for a "universal language." It
is not imperative for the entire world to adopt the symbols for personal
communication, nor must the electronic "alphabet" necessarily be
suitable for use as a personal language.  Morse code was adopted
internationally as a method to transmit information but was impossible
to adapt to verbal communications.  Semaphore is universally recognized
on the seas. Similarly, the new computer tokens may or may not be useful
as a spoken language.  That would be ideal, but the difficulties in
getting the people of the world to adopt a mutual language are
awe-inspiring and previous attempts have failed.  It is logical, though,
to pursue a specialized symbol form which could be learned and used by
that segment of society dealing with electronic information exchange.
English, despite it's many linguistic faults, appears to be suited, at
least as a basis, for the new symbology.  As a language, it is one that
can be understood without attention to vocal inflection.  The general
meaning can be conveyed in a monotone voice (as opposed to other
languages which make essential use of rising of falling inflections).

     We should also look at languages which use ideographs to convey
whole words.  Rather than an alphabet, this form of logographics may be
more efficient.  With the advance of complex computer graphics,
displaying such complex symbols would not be difficult. If one could
develop a method to transmit these logographs through one or two
keystrokes, it would sufficiently resolve the problem of the size of the
keyboard required to transmit the information. It should be feasible for
the commercial information networks to form a cooperative and begin
fielding and financing an international and multifaceted committee to
begin study of this new symbology. Who should be involved in developing
this electronic "dictionary?" One can envision, of course, computer
experts (particularly those working in graphics and telecommunications),
business leaders (to input what they would need to make the system a
success), and linguists (to be the main force in developing the symbols
themselves). Further, representatives from the advertising industry
could lend expertise in how to utilize visual images for maximum impact.
The new logographs could be implemented on the various systems and
tested, revised, and retested to achieve optimal efficiency for
information transmission. Special trial sites could be implemented in
several large business arenas ad people trained to use the new symbols
rapidly. Trial information exchanges could be tested, timed, and
critiqued. Over time, the ideographs could be further refined and
implemented on increasingly larger scales. If a sufficient efficiency
could be achieved, universal adoption would naturally follow.

     One could envision an entire cadre of professional not unlike
translators at the United Nations that would transcribe what we say into
the new symbols. New keyboards, incorporating the new "electronic
shorthand" could be produced. Much like those used by courtroom
stenographers, these new keyboards could facilitate transcription of
conversations with all their vocal nuances and inflections. The first
crude attempts are already underway. There are communications programs
for both the IBM and Macintosh computers that allow one to
teleconference with displays of faces for smiles, frowns, and winks.

     Businesses have rarely neglected supporting developments that will
improve profits, and increased access to information through improved
telecommunications would do just that. In any case, it is a problem
worth thinking about. All parties should be interested. The
telecommunications industry because it would lead to increased usage of
the medium; business, because it would lead to enhanced information
exchange. The computer industry should become involved for it would lead
to more machines and communications software bought and sold. Let us
hope that it is realized and addressed soon so that we all may benefit.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

The World Of MIDI
by Keith Cahoon
Part 2: MIDI Specifications

                            MIDI Data Format



     There are five types of midi data: Channel Information,System
Exclusive System Real Time,System Common and System Reset. Each data
type begins with a status byte which define specific commands in that
category. Status bytes can be distinguished from data bytes by the most
significant bit always being set. After the status byte has been sent,
successive data of that type can be sent without the preceding status
byte being sent, until a different data type is selected. System Common,
System Real Time and System Reset information is sent to all channels
in the MIDI network.

     Channel information commands are sent to specific channels by a
four bit address that is encoded in the Channel Information status byte.
The most significant four bits of the channel status byte define the
command and least significant four bits are used to address the selected
channel. The associated data following the status byte can identify keys
being pressed or released, their velocity, and pressure or "After
Touch".

     System Common information is used to select song and measure
numbers for all units.

     System Real Time information is used for synchronizing all units
together. System Real Time information can interrupt Channel and System
Common Information, but cannot interrupt System Exclusive data.

Timing-Clock-In-Play:
     This clock is sent while in play mode. The system is synchronized
with this byte which is sent at a rate of 24 clocks/quarter note.

Measure-End:
     The Measure-End is sent at the end of each measure instead of the
Timing-Clock-In-Play.

Start-From-1st-Measure:
     This status byte is sent immediately when the play button on the
master MIDI controller is hit. The first Timing-Clock-In-Play must be
sent within 5ms of this code being sent.

Continue Play:
     This is sent when the continue button on the master MIDI controller
is hit. The sequence will restart at the point where the sequence
stopped on the last Timing-Clock-In-Play. Timing-Clock-In-Play must be
sent within 5ms of this code being sent.

Timing-Clock-In-Stop:
     This byte is sent while in stop mode to synchronize the phase
locked loop during stop mode.


     System Exclusive Information Allows the transfer of data in the
manufacturers own format as long as the data stream begins with the
System Exclusive status byte followed by the manufacturers ID# and ends
with the End Of Block character. All actual data contained in the System
Exclusive data stream must have the most significant bit reset. System
Exclusive data can only be interrupted by the System Reset Command.

     System Reset initializes all equipment to power up condition.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             Channel Information

  Command                   Bytes      Hex             Binary / Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Note off .................. 3      8n kk nn     1000nnnn 0kkkkkkk 0vvvvvvv
                                                  128-143  0-127    0-127
  Note on ................... 3      9n kk nn     1001nnnn 0kkkkkkk 0vvvvvvv
                                                  144-159  0-127    0-127
  Polyphonic key pressure ... 3      An kk tt     1010nnnn 0kkkkkkk 0ttttttt
                                                  160-175  0-127    0-127
  Control change ............ 3      Bn cc zz     1011nnnn 0ccccccc 0zzzzzzz
                                                  176-191  0-127    0-127
  Program change ............ 2      Cn pp        1100nnnn 0ppppppp
                                                  192-207  0-127
  Channel pressure .......... 2      Dn tt        1101nnnn 0ttttttt
                                                  208-223  0-127
  Pitch bend ................ 3      En mm ll     1110nnnn 0mmmmmmm 0lllllll
                                                  224-239  0-127    0-127
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             System Exclusive

  Command                   Bytes      Hex / Binary / Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  System exclusive .. Data dependent     F0       ii       xx       F7
                                         11110000 0iiiiiii 0xxxxxxx 11110111
                                         240      0-127    0-127    0-127

  End Of Block .............. 1          F7
                                         11110111
                                         247
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             System Real Time

  Command                   Bytes      Hex             Binary / Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Timing clock in play  ..... 1      F8           11111000
                                                  248
  Measure-end ............... 1      F9           11111001
                                                  249
  Start from 1st measure .... 1      FA           11111010
                                                  250
  Continue Play ............. 1      FB           11111011
                                                  251
  Timing clock in stop ...... 1      FC           11111100
                                                  252
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             System Common

  Command                   Bytes      Hex             Binary / Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Measure information ....... 3      F2 mm LL     11110010 0mmmmmmm 0LLLLLLL
                                                  242      0-127    0-127
  Song select ............... 2      F3 ss        11110011 0sssssss
                                                  243      0-127
  Tune request .............. 1      F6           11110110
                                                  246
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             System Reset

  Command                   Bytes      Hex             Binary / Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  System reset .............. 1      FF           11111111
                                                  255
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                             Symbol Definitions

  Symbol        Name                Hex        Binary          Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  nnnn       Channel code            0-F     0000-1111           0-15
  0kkkkkkk   Key number              00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0vvvvvvv   Key velocity            00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0ttttttt   After touch             00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0ppppppp   Program change          00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0mmmmmmm   Most significant byte   00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0LLLLLLL   Least significant byte  00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  0sssssss   Song number             00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


  0ccccccc is coded as follows:

  Name                             Hex     Binary              Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Control address                  00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  Pitch bend MSB                   00      00000000            0
  Controller 1 MSB                 01      00000001            1
  Controller 2 MSB                 02      00000010            2
  Controller 3 MSB                 03      00000011            3
  Continuous controllers 4-31 MSB  04-1F   00000100-00111111   4-31
  Pitch bend LSB                   20      00100000            32
  Controller 1 LSB                 21      00100001            33
  Controller 2 LSB                 22      00100010            34
  Controller 3 LSB                 23      00100011            35
  Continuous controllers 4-31 LSB  24-3F   00100100-00111111   36-63
  Switches 64-95 (on/off)          40-5F   01000000-01011111   64-95
  Local/Remote keyboard control    7C      01111100            124
  Omni mode select / All notes off 7D      01111101            125
  Mono mode select / All notes off 7E      01111110            126
  Poly mode select / All notes off 7F      01111111            127
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


  0zzzzzzz is coded as follows:
  Name                             Hex     Binary              Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  Control value                    00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127

  For mode selections (0ccccccc =  7D-7F   01111101-01111111   125-127
     the value of 0zzzzzzz must be 00      00000000            0

  Pitch benders should range from  00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
     with a 0zzzzzzz value of      40      01000000            64
     being center or no pitch bend

  Other controllers range from     00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127

  Switches are defined as off=     00      00000000            0
                           on=     7F      01111111            127
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


  0xxxxxxx is coded as follows:

  Name                             Hex     Binary              Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
  System exclusive data            00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
     Data can be any number of
     bytes but the most significant
     bit of each byte must be reset
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


  0iiiiiii is coded as follows:

  Name                             Hex     Binary              Decimal
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Manufacturers ID#                  00-7F   00000000-01111111   0-127
  Sequential Circuits              01      00000001            1
  Kawai                            40      01000000            64
  Roland                           41      01000001            65
  Korg                             42      01000010            66
  Yamaha                           43      01000011            67
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------


                                 MIDI HARDWARE

     The MIDI interface is a serial asynchronous current loop interface
operating at 31.250 KBS. It is configured as 1 start bit, 8 data bits,
no parity and 1 stop bit. This means that 1 byte of MIDI data including
start and stop bit, a total of 10 bits can be transferred in 320
micro-seconds.

     The actual MIDI connections consist of two or three DIN 5-pin
female jacks on the MIDI instrument. The interface circuit is a 5-mA
current loop specifically designed to prevent audio ground loops. The
output is designed to drive only one output, with interconnecting cables
not to exceed 50 feet. The cable should shielded twisted pair, with the
shield connected to pin 2 at both ends. Note that while the MIDI OUT
jack pin 2 of the instrument is grounded, the MIDI IN jack is not. This
allows the cable to provide shielding without creating ground loops.

     The optional third jack or MIDI THRU, provides a direct buffered
copy of the data received at the MIDI IN jack.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Sex On A BBS
by Jeff Hollingsworth

     OK! Now that I have your attention, you are probably asking
yourself, "How can someone have sex on a BBS?".  What do they do, climb
up on their keyboards when they are on-line?  Close but not quite right.
Well I'll tell you.  It is done with "Electronic Pulses of Light".

     Yes everybody, I am writing an article even after all of your
warnings. Mark wooed me with videos and grits.

     Now, lets get back to what I was talking about.  What does sex on a
BBS mean? In this case, what I am talking about are the X-rated
Conferences that are on many of the boards around town.  More and more
of the boards are starting to put one up.  Now all you parents out there
don't start screaming right away.  To get in one of these conferences
you must ask the Sysop for access.  You have to be 18 years of age or
older on some boards while others require a minimum age of 21 years.
Most of the Sysops I know will check on your real age.  Enough about
the rules, lets get to the good stuff.

     Sorry people, I am unable to quote from the stories I have read.
Something about the law I think.  The X-rated Conferences I am familiar
with are "The Lust Boat" on the Joker's Castle and the other is
"Roxanne's Massage Parlor and Chain-saw Repair" on The Crunchy Frog. I
think the Conferences are a good idea.  They let people live out their
fantasies without leaving the comfort of their homes.  They cost less
than phone sex, free if it's a local call.  They help others with their
writing skills.  Some people they help with their vocabulary.  But the
feature that is the most important of all is that the X-rated
Conferences are just good clean fun.  Well... OK, they are fun anyway.
Most or none of what is written can be taken seriously.

     Let me try to find a end for this article, as it is already longer
than Mark wanted.  If you are a BBS user like most of the people who
read BTN, join one of the X-rated Conferences on a BBS near you.  Don't
be afraid or shy.  Just start it off by writing about one of your sex
fantasies and read about the fantasies of other users.  Most boards that
support an X-rated Conference allow handles so your identity is
protected. Then sit back and type in the fun.

     editor's note - If you are easily offended by expressed sexual
                     depictions, descriptions, and innuendoes, please
                     do not join one of these conferences.  You will
                     not like it.  MM

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

PROFILE
by Chris Mohney

The Pro File is a short, half-serious biographical sketch given to
various computer telecommunications personalities around Birmingham.
Victims are selected randomly from a group of names put into the
notorious Hat.  Anyone who thinks himself brave or witty enough may
petition for admittance to the Hat by leaving E-Mail to me (Chris
Mohney, most boards around town) to that effect.  Anyone who wishes to
suggest more questions or sneakily nominate someone without their
knowledge may take the same route ....

Well, I kind of ended up doing this myself this time.  I suppose it had
to happen eventually.

---------

       Pro File on CHRIS MOHNEY

---------

Age: 18

Birthplace:  New Orleans, Louisiana

Occupation:  Electronics salesman

My hobbies include:  Reading, writing, decidedly NOT arithemtic,
                     computing, playing certain non-cliche games,
                     arguing, boosting my ego by beating up small
                     children, laughing, being sarcastic, movies,
                     miniature painting, and lots of things illegal
                     without the consent of both parties.

Years telecomputing:  Four, but only about two for real

Sysop, past/present/future of:
     I want to run a board eventually, but I want to wait until I can
     afford to do it right - i.e., a dedicated computer & a dedicated
     phone line just for the BBS.  I can't really decide on a name; too
     many things like "The Slaughterhouse", "The Vulgar Unicorn," "Red
     Shift" and a whole bunch of others appeal just about equally.  I
     imagine I would change the name monthly, at least.

My oddest habit is:  Being able to make a flatulating noise using the
                     palm of my hand and my eyesocket, a trick I have
                     yet to see duplicated.

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is:
     Immortality! Wealth! Power! Babes! And a working heater in my car.
     Or maybe a new car.

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is:
     Getting a few of my (apparently) worthier literary efforts
     published.

My favorite performers are:
     Pink Floyd, Van Halen, the Scorpions, Christopher Walken, Rutger
     Hauer, Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Kids in the Hall, Penn & Teller,
     David Letterman, James Woods, Brian Dennehy, Harrison Ford,
     Aerosmith, Sean Connery, Stephen Wright, Emo Phillips, John
     Carpenter, Michael Biehn, Monty Python, Phil Hartmann, and lots of
     others who I'll remember when reading this in BTN.

The last good movie I saw was:  The Abyss

The last good book I read was:  "The Black Company," by Glen Cook.  Am I
                                the only one who likes this guy or
                                something?

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played
by:  Kiefer Sutherland.

My pet peeves are:  Very small and easy to feed, though they do chew on
                    the furniture.

When nobody's looking, I like to:  Check and make sure Elvis isn't
                                   making faces behind my back.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Gamer's Corner
by Eric Hunt

Battleship Door

     In this month's exciting issue of Gamer's Corner I will take a look
at Battleship, modem style.

     Battleship is the classic game of war guessing.  I say guessing
because that is what I do most of the time when I play this game.
Currently there are three versions of Battleship on the local boards:
1.0, 3.0, and 3.2. As you can imagine, 3.2 is the best version around.

     The game was produced by the same software company that makes
Backgammon, so the look and feel is identical to Backgammon.  To start a
game, you can either join a game needing a player or start a new game.
In either case, you will have to position each of your ships on the
board.  The board is laid out in coordinate form and you specify the
starting peg and the direction.  Here's where a new twist comes in: You
can place your ships diagonally on the board, adding another element of
chance to the game.  Deciding the direction is a bit tricky, since the
directions are laid out with random letters as such: e s d b f g h i I
means go diagonally down and to the right, E means go diagonally up and
to the left, etc., etc.  Once you have placed your ships on the board,
you must either wait for someone to join your game or wait for the
person who started your game to move.  From then on, simplicity is the
name of the game.  When you enter the door, it tells you in which games
you have moves waiting, or if you have no moves waiting, it tells you
so.  Selection 1 from the main menu allows you to move in a game you are
currently involved in, selection 5 shows all current games, opponents,
and who's turn it is.  Selection 7 exits the door.  One interesting
feature of versions 3.0 and 3.2 is the ability to leave one-line
messages to your opponent.  These can be a handy way to keep from
cluttering up the main message area or just to have fun!  A note about
entering moves: Version 1.0 requires that you enter each ordinate of the
guess separately, pressing enter after each. Versions 3.0 and 3.2 allow
you to enter the entire coordinate at once.

     This is a fun and challenging game, as close to the real thing is
as possible via modem.  Currently it is on Smitty's (Ver 1.0), Sperry
(Ver 3.0), and ST (Ver 3.2).  If it is on your board, I'm sorry I didn't
mention it; I haven't found it there yet.

Address all comments and complaints to: Monk Eric on The Crunchy Frog.

Next month: Turbo Chess!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Local Bulletin Board Systems
Number Six In A Series
by Mark Maisel

Name:  Crunchy Frog

Sysop:  Monty

Software:  PCBoard 14.0 /D

Been Around:  8 months

Baud Rates:  300-2400

Bulletins:  Bulletins 1-3 are rules for the bbs. remaining bulletins
            describe conferences, and chart the development of the frog

Conferences:  EZNET, Readers, Listeners, Argument Clinic, Gamers, BTN,
              Amiga, MS-DOS, Writers, Graphic Arts, Roxanne's, BTNWA

Computers Supported:  IBM & compatibles and Amiga

Files Available:  Basic utilities and a few fun files for IBM & Amiga
                  computers

Doors Available:  ProDoor 3.01R (Yes, it is registered so TTHHHPPPTTHH!)

Special Information:  We tend toward silliness so join right in.  Real
                      information is optional

Q. Why did you start your BBS?
A. Because I thought it would be fun.

Q. What has been your greatest reward from running your BBS?
A. Meeting many new people and having a lot of fun.

Q. What are your greatest regrets and annoyance associated with running a
   BBS?
A. I have to answer my mail every day or it gets away from me.

Q. What are your future plans for the BBS?
A. I am going to keep on doing what I have been doing as long as it
   works.

Q. What is the funniest thing that has happened on your BBS?
A. When having friends over, we engaged with a user in what is now
   called gang chatting a user.  This is where the keyboard is passed
   around during a sysop chat and the user is completely disoriented
   because of the different bizarre conversations started and never
   finished by the various members of the gang.  It is a lot of fun and
   anything goes. Beware, you might be the next victim.

Q. What is your favorite hobby/pastime outside of your BBS and computers
   in general?
A. Getting exceedingly drunk and throwing up.  I bet you all believe
   that right?

Q. What do you think your system offers that might cause someone to
   prefer your board over others?
A. I provide a place for people to cut up and act silly without having
   to worry about the consequences. I also do a healthy business with
   the users who enjoy abuse.  I also don't care if you upload files to
   the board.  I do not get any thrill from collecting them.

Q. Why?
A. People seem to like calling The Frog as it provides a place to unwind
   after spending all day in the "Serious Adult Sort Of" world. For some
   reason, folks do call and download files.  I don't know why but who
   cares.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Message Board
By Barry Bowden



                            October 1989
                      S   M   T   W   T   F   S
                      1   2   3   4   5   6   7
                      8   9  10  11  12  13  14
                     15  16  17  18  19  20  21
                     22  23  24  25  26  27  28
                     29  30  31

1    BIPUG
7    FAOUG
8    BCCC
9    BACE
     Columbus Day (Observed)
10   CCS (C64/C128)
12   Columbus Day (Traditional)
16   CCS (Amiga)
     Boss's Day
17   CADUB
20   BEPCUG
21   Sweetest Day
22   BCCC
     Mother-in Law Day
24   CCS (C64/C128)
31   Halloween


BEPCUG                               CCS
Birmingham East PC Users Group       Commodore Club South
Jefferson State Jr. College          Springville Road Library
Ruby Carson Hall, Rm 114             2nd & 4th Tuesday (C64/C128)
3rd Friday, 7-9 PM                   3rd Monday (Amiga)
Paula Ballard 251-6058 (after 5PM)   7:30-10 PM
                                     Maurice Lovelady 684-6843

BCCC                                 BIPUG
Birmingham Commodore Computer Club   Birmingham IBM-PC Users Group
POB 59564                            UAB Nutrition Science Bldg.
Birmingham, Alabama 35259            Rm 535/541
UAB School of Education, Rm 153      1st Sunday (delayed one week
2nd and 4th Sundays, 2 PM              if meeting is a holiday)
Rusty Hargett 854-5172               Marty Schulman 967-5883

BACE                                 FAOUG
Birmingham Atari Computer            First Alabama Osborne Users
Enthusiast                           Group
Vestavia Library, downstairs         Homewood Library
2nd Monday 7 PM                      First Saturday, 1 PM
Benny Brown 822-5059                 Ed Purquez 669-5200

CADUB                                BNUG
CAD Users of Birmingham              Birmingham Network Users Group
Homewood Library                     SONAT Building downtown, 7 PM
3rd Tuesday, 6:30 PM - 8:30 PM       Dan Smart 877-3018
Bobby Benson 791-0426

News Bits
---------

Just a few notes to throw at y'all:
   1. If y'all use SAS (that's Statistical Analysis System not Swiss
      Army Shell) there is a group of people trying to reestablish
      a user group. If you are interested please call 934-3633 and
      ask for Valeria or Norma (UAB Hospital-Information Center
      Services).

   2. There is a new user group organizing and had their second
      meeting on Thursday 28 September. I do not know when they
      will have the next meeting, but I should know by the first of
      the month. Just leave me a message on the Bus System BBS or
      send a note to Mark Maisel on the Crunchy Frog about meeting
      times.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area

NAME                       NUMBER     BAUD RATES SUPPORTED   MODEM TYPE

America Online Nodes 1-4   323-2016   300, 1200, 2400
America Online Node 5      251-2344   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
*American BBS              674-1851   300, 1200, 2400
*Bus System BBS            595-1627   300, 1200, 2400
*Byte Me                   979-2983        1200, 2400
*Channel 8250              744-8546   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
Club Phoenix               942-0252   300, 1200, 2400
*Crunchy Frog              956-1755   300, 1200, 2400
D3 Systems BBS             663-2759   300, 1200, 2400
+Duck Pond BBS             822-0956   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST, V.32
Eazy's Playhouse           870-0434   300, 1200
Elite Fleet                853-1257   300, 1200
Gateway BBS                854-5131   300, 1200, 2400
Gizmo's Atari BBS          854-0698   300, 1200
+I.S.A. BBS                995-6590   300, 1200, 2400
Jim's Place                787-5512   300, 1200, 2400
*Joker's Castle            744-6120   300, 1200, 2400
LZ Birmingham              870-7770   300, 1200, 2400
*Magnolia BBS              854-6407   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
ProSoft Systems BBS        853-8718   300, 1200, 2400
Radio Free TROAD           592-2545   300, 1200, 2400
Role Player's Paradise     631-7654   300, 1200, 2400
Smitty's BBS               849-7349   300, 1200
Sperry BBS                 853-6144   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  Hayes
*ST BBS                    836-9311   300, 1200, 2400
*The Connection Node 1     854-9074        1200, 2400
*The Connection Node 2     854-2308        1200, 2400
The Islands BBS            870-7776   300, 1200
The Modem Mission          491-8946   300, 1200
*The Outer Limits          969-3262        1200, 2400, 9600  HST
*The Professional's Board  856-0679   300, 1200, 2400
Twilight Zone              856-3783   300, 1200
+Ultra-Vision BBS          856-1593   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  V.32
Willie's DYM Node 1        979-1629   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's DYM Node 2        979-7739   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's RBBS              979-7743   300, 1200, 2400
Ziggy Unaxess              991-5696   300, 1200

Boards with a "*" before their name are members of our local network,
EzNet, and public messages left in the EzNet Conferences of any of these
boards will be echoed to all members.

Boards with a "+" before their name are members of FidoNet, an
international network that provides a variety of public forums as well
as private mail services all over the world.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Eznet Multiple Echo List

EZNET now supports multiple conference echoing but there are a few
things you should be aware of regarding private mail.

  A. You have one 'address' for private mail.  If you are registered
     for private mail on Channel 8250 and someone sends you a private
     message in the Writers conference from Crunchy Frog it will wind
     up in the Writers conference on Channel 8250 as it should.

     However, if you were registered for private mail on Magnolia and
     someone sends you a private message in a conference that
     Magnolia does not support (echo) then the message will wind up in
     the twilight zone.

  B. If you go by a handle on one BBS and your real name on another
     even if the private message goes where it is supposed to, you
     will not be able to read it because it is addressed to someone
     else as far as PC Board is concerned.  PC Board has no way of
     knowing that Red Foxx and John Doe are the same person. No
     tickee, no washee.

  Advice on sending private mail: If you don't know if the person you
  are sending private mail to is registered for private mail then keep a
  copy of the message in case you have to find an alternate route.
  EzNet Central will delete your private, undelivered message and inform
  you that the user you attempted to reach is not registered for private
  mail on any EzNet Node.

This is a list of the current echos that I am aware of.  More are in
the making and will be posted in future issues.


                    Eznet  Program  Hardware  Writers  Scitech  BTNWA

American BBS ........ * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
Bus System BBS ...... * .....   ......   .......   ...... * ..... P ..
Byte Me ............. * ..... * ...... * .......   ......   .....   ..
Channel 8250 ........ * ..... * ...... * ....... P ...... * .....   ..
Connection .......... * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
Crunchy Frog ........ * .....   ......   ....... P ......   ..... P ..
Joker's Castle ...... * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
Magnolia BBS ........ * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
Outer Limits ........ * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
Professional's Board  * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..
ST BBS .............. * .....   ......   .......   ......   .....   ..

     editor's note:  As a last minute entry in the echo business,
                     Joker's Castle's Lust Boat and Crunchy Frog's
                     Roxanne's are now echoing messages in order to
                     provide better access to all of the perverse types
                     who frequent these two areas.  MM

