BTN:  Birmingham Telecommunications News
COPYRIGHT 1989

June 1989    Volume 2, Issue 6

Table Of Contents
-----------------
Article Title                                  Author

Policy Statement and Disclaimer................Mark Maisel
Editorial Column...............................Randy Hilliard
Insights.......................................Ron Albright
SQL:  The Roots Of OS/2........................Kelly Rosato
Another Top Ten List...........................Tyros
Profile:  Kathy Maisel.........................Chris Mohney
Our Local BBS Systems..........................Mark Maisel
From The Kitchen...............................Chez Stephan
Message Board..................................Barry Bowden
Known BBS Numbers..............................Mark Maisel

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Disclaimer and Statement of Policy for BTN

We at BTN try our best to assure the accuracy of articles and
information in our publication.  We assume no responsibility for
damage due to errors, omissions, etc.  The liability,if any for BTN, its
editors and writers, for damages relating to any errors or omissions,
etc., shall be limited to the cost of a one year subscription to BTN,
even if BTN, its editors or writers have been advised of the likelihood
of such damages occurring.

With the conclusion of that nasty business, we can get on with our
policy for publication and reproduction of BTN articles.  We publish
monthly with a deadline of the fifteenth of the month prior to
publication.  If you wish to submit an article, you may do so at any
time but bear in mind the deadline if you wish for your work to appear
in a particular issue.  It is not our purpose to slander or otherwise
harm a person or reputation and we accept no responsibility for the
content of the articles prepared by our writers.  Our writers own their
work and it is protected by copyright.  We allow reprinting of articles
from BTN with only a few restrictions.  The author may object to a
reprint, in which case he will specify in the content of his article.
Otherwise, please feel free to reproduce any article from BTN as long as
the source, BTN, is specified, and as long as the author's name and the
article's original title are retained.  If you use one of our articles,
please forward a copy of your publication to:

Mark Maisel
Editor, BTN
221 Chestnut St.
BHM, AL 35210-3219

We thank you for taking the time to read our offering and we hope that
you like it.  We also reserve the right to have a good time while doing
all of this and not get too serious about it.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

    /*****************************************************************\
==> ** EFFECTIVE JUNE 1 ..... America OnLine's phone number will be  ** <==
==> **                                                               ** <==
==> **                           323-2016                            ** <==
==> **                                                               ** <==
==> **         (Node 4 will remain on it's current number.)          ** <==
    \*****************************************************************/

    /*****************************************************************\
==> ** EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY ......                                  ** <==
==> **                                                               ** <==
==> **             PINSON VALLEY BBS IS OUT OF SERVICE FOR           ** <==
==> **                  AN UNSPECIFIED LENGTH OF TIME                ** <==
==> **                                                               ** <==
    \*****************************************************************/

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
Semi-Editorial
by Randy Hilliard

     Tah-tah-tah-TAH-TAAA!

     Believe it or not, this months issue of BTN should be on time!
(Assuming that Mark can find it on his hard disk -- last month it took
him 5 days and a phone call.) This is indeed a rarity in the last few
months and should be cheered.  Hopefully we can make a habit of it
but-I-ain't-betting-on-it.

     Ron Albright makes his debut in BTN this month (this is hardly the
most auspicious place this gentleman has debuted) with an article on
information networks and where they may be going in the near future.

     Kelly Rosato is back in BTN again this month.  This time he has
provided us with an article on OS/2 / SQL.  This should prove
interesting to those thinking of getting their feet wet with a newer
operating system (before they part with the bucks).

     Our profile this month should prove interesting to those of us who
know our Idiot-in-Chief (or have just heard some about him).  The
profile is on his wife! Now we can get a glimpse of what it may be like
to be married to an editorial protegee (or Mark anyway).

     Tyros has once again returned to BTN; this time with a semi-
satirical Top Ten List of statements that Birmingham natives are likely
to hear from visitors to our fair city.

     Our local BBS spotlight this month focuses on what I believe to be
the longest continuously running BBS in Birmingham today: Ziggy Unaxess,
and its sysop, Ziggy Powers.

     Chez Stephan has pulled his grill out again to prove to us that
shrimp and oysters make a wonderful, tasty meal when cooked out.  I wish
I'd had this recipe Memorial Day!

     Barry Bowden has this months Message Board ready and for once we
seem to be early enough for it to be of maximum use.

     One other announcement remains to be made:

     Despite approximately one year of successful operation on six
systems EzNet has shut down due to difficulties that arose shortly after
the the code was modified to interface with PC Board version 14 and
EzNet began expanding to include more systems.

     Personality and policy conflicts arose shortly after the expansion
and decorum went out the window on all sides. Due to this public lack of
restraint the BUS withdrew from EzNet and EzNet Central announced its
intention to withdraw its support within 36 hours.

     The purpose of EzNet was to better communications and
understandings between Sysops and Users alike.  The authors of the EzNet
code never intended it to be used for public displays of baiting, name
calling, and innuendo, thus both Eznet authors withdrew their support
from the Net.

     As a Node Operator of EzNet and as a user on other systems, I feel
as if we came very close to losing a very useful tool.  EzNet Central
notified me this evening that the Central system will indeed stay up.

     EzNet is a way to reach either one or many people very rapidly with
information, news, announcements, and such.  It was not intended for
slip fights.  If you have a problem with another user, then please seek
another route other than EzNet.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

INSIGHTS

Confessions on a Communications Fanatic

by Ron Albright

     Well, since this is the first installment of "Insights," it's
probably a good idea to introduce myself and explain what I hope to
accomplish. Bear with me while we get through these preliminaries.

     My name is Ron Albright, 38 y.o., an M.D. by trade and a computer
fanatic by preference. I use PC-based hardware and software. I am a
contributing editor to Computer Shopper magazine and have been (at one
time or other) assistant sysop on CompuServe as well as Delphi. I have
written 3 books on computers and have a fourth in the "it's at the
publisher" (Chilton Books) stage. My passion is communications
applications and that is what the books are about. The only thing of
interest to you (since you are, obviously, skilled in
computer-to-computer communications) is that one of the books was
totally self-published and computer-generated. Word Perfect 4.2 =>
Ventura Publisher => Okidata LaserLine 6 proofs => printer (in Michigan)
=> plates => print & bind. I had 1500 copies printed, and have just
about sold out using mail order ads. It has been a fun "experiment" in
self-publishing, mailing list management, and other computer
applications. My best effort to date was done by a "legitimate"
publisher, Information Resources Press, (Virginia) and called "The Guide
to Online Information resources for Health Care Professionals." It, on
the other hand, is quite nice (hardcover, 300 pages) and, better still,
I didn't have to pay for it. As mentioned, I have finished another book
that is on small business applications for communications (email, voice
mail, fax, information retrieval, etc). It will be out in Waldenbooks
and Daltons, God Willing, this fall. I have experience with PC fax,
voice mail, email, and database access, among other things with the
trusty PC. I love this machine and were it not for having to make a
living doing something else, I would do computer consulting and writing
for a living. But, then, I guess a lot of us fall into that basket.

     Anyway, the "Insights" column will focus on communications by
computer. Principally, the national networks - CompuServe, GEnie,
Delphi, and The Source. Dedicated email carriers - MCI Mail, AT&T Mail,
Western Union EasyLink will be mentioned as we go along. Since the local
BBS scene is already covered by more knowledgeable writers in this
newsletter, I will stick to commentary on the commercial nets.
Occasionally, other technology - fax and voice mail, for example - will
creep into things as well. So, here we go.

What's wrong with the information networks?

     While the electronic communication and information systems now in
place offer exciting potential, they remain underutilized. The
electronic information industry, alone, is growing by leaps and bounds
(revenues are at $2 billion and predicted to double in the next 5
years), but these systems are still much too alien for the general
public. While there are an estimated 22.8 million PC's in U.S. homes
alone, the total user base for commercial networks is estimated at 1.5
million or so. The complexities of the technology just to access these
networks can be overwhelming for the beginner. It still requires some
degree of study and work to set up a computer for telecommunication. For
the new user, it is not easy. And their reluctance is understandable.
Until it is easily accessible, those who take advantage of what is
available will remain a small percentage of the total computer users.
While I realize I am preaching to users who already have mastered the
technology, bear with me while I lament.

     The barriers to effective use of the system do not stop with the
technology itself. The networks can be as difficult to use for the
novice as they are to connect to. Each system has a unique structure and
there is no continuity. While the basic functions - email, electronic
conferencing, downloading, etc. - are the same, technologically
speaking, how to do them varies from network to network. Learning one
system's commands does little to simplify successful use of another
system.

     The third aspect which has limited the effective use of the
existing information systems is their cost. The systems are expensive to
use. Particularly when compared with the public library or the
telephone. The network providers argue that these electronic libraries
save you time over the traditional shelves and card indexes of the
library and that electronic mail is more efficient than endless games of
telephone tag. While this is certainly true for the frequent user, it
remains difficult for the ordinary user to realize such advantages in
efficiency and time savings.

     Finally, there is an educational gap. There is a serious lack of
awareness among the general public and professionals in all fields of
what can be accomplished through online information systems. The
commercial database systems have not produced an adequate public
education campaign. Most potential users may have an idea that
information can be accessed by a computer but have little understanding
of the speed and efficiency with which it can be retrieved.

     With these four barricades separating the public from the
electronic information systems, it is easy to see where things must move
for the two to come together. And they will come together. What you will
see in the future is a marked relaxation of the technological hurdles
users must overcome to access the networks.

The Minitel story...

     The success of the Minitel system in France is a prime example of
how things can be done. Certainly, France is not traditionally
recognized as a high-tech nation. But, with Minitel, a videotex service,
they have taught their American counterparts a few lessons. Hopefully.
After all, with 4.5 million users on Minitel they must be doing
something right. Rather than sell information and leave it up to the
subscriber to find a way to access it, Postes Telephones and
Telecommunications, the state-owned monopoly that controls France's
postal and telephone services, provides a complete system to its
subscribers. A simple terminal is lent to subscribers and installed
without charge. The tiny terminal (the basic unit is 12 by 9 inches)
does not have the power and data storage of a PC, but that is not its
purpose. There are no modems or RS232 cards to install, no parity
settings to deal with, and no complicated software to learn. It's a
plug-in and go setup. The public has instant access with no
technological preparation required. Once connected, the services
provided are simple to use. Everything is menu driven. If you can order
in a restaurant or choose your floor in an elevator, you can use the
system. The access charges are cheap. They are based on services
accessed, more so than time online. You are not penalized for being a
new, inefficient user. You pay for what you retrieve. And retrieve the
French did - from sports reports, to weather, to food prices, to online
"chatting" (probably the most popular feature with the flirtatious
French) - to the tune of 2.33 million access hours per month. PTT earned
$70 million in 1985, and profits have, undoubtedly, increased in
succeeding years. Projections are for terminals to be added at the rate
of 1 million per year. Expansion is limited only by the rate at which
France can produce the terminals - not by user demand.

     The message for the American information industry is clear. Yes,
there is a market for online information resources. But it can only be
tapped by relaxing the technological toll inflicted on its potential
users. By making a system easy to access and use, and reasonably priced,
and full-featured, people will flock to the door.

     What you can expect in the very near future is an increasingly
simple interface between the information systems and the user. The
emphasis will switch from the technology to the purpose; from modems and
baud to communication and information access. The systems themselves
will simplify and, eventually, move toward standardization. They will
allow functioning at two levels online. In a menu-mode, for the
infrequent user - guiding them along every step of the way - and a
command mode for the experienced - taking advantage of the efficiency
and speed that will bring. Systems will increasingly move toward lower
access rates and these charges will be based more on information
retrieved than on connect time. You will be charged $2 per hour, but,
perhaps, 10 cents for every 1000 characters that cross your screen.
These changes will probably take place in the next few years.

The first move?

     The much ballyhooed joint venture, initially with CBS, IBM, and
Sears involved and dubbed Trintex, should finally produce a product in
1988. After a few false starts and loss of one of the original players
(CBS), IBM and Sears have rolled out their system - called "Prodigy" in
several of the largest U.S. cities. The closest to us in Birmingham is
Atlanta. The network will expand to nationwide within 2-3 years. Sears
and IBM have set the monthly fee for residential users of their service
at $9.95. Subscriptions are sold through retail stores. Hayes
Microcomputer Products has announced it is producing a modem for the
system that will be a "plug-in-and-go" setup, making getting started
with Prodigy almost as simple as with Minitel. All cables will be
provided with the modem and you will buy a specific setup for your
particular computer brand. There will be no access charges for Prodigy -
only the flat, monthly fee (sound familiar?). The consumer services
offered will include home shopping, banking, ticketing, messaging and
information/entertainment services. No terminals are offered and access
will be by a traditional computer/modem/phone line interface.

     Until the American communications and information industry wakes up
and eases the burdens on new users, "modem jockies" like us will
continue to be a small minority of computer users as a whole. But I see
the first yawns of the sleeping giant as it begins to awaken.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

SQL:  The Roots Of OS/2
by Kelly Rosato

     Like the rumble of distant thunder, the term OS/2 makes us look
uneasily up from our terminals and peer off into the near future. We've
heard that all this new technology is going to make all of our old
favorites in software obsolete, or that it was going to be the
renaissance of computers.

     The truth lies somewhere in between.  OS/2 has it's origins in a
language called SQL (Sequential Query Language) referred to from here as
SQL, or Sequel, developed in 1976 By IBM.  IBM has used SQL on
mainframes and minicomputers for several years and now on micro-
computers.  Not an application itself, SQL acts as an interpretive
language like BASIC.  SQL statements pass through a SQL "engine" to the
underlying database, where they are executed.

     Before we discuss the system itself, we need to examine the reasons
for the growing popularity of the SQL language.  It's smart: the SQL
engine knows where the data is, what indexes to use and the most
efficient sequence to find the information.  By contrast, a procedural
language like dBASE must be told what information you want and how to
get it, step by step.  Another large advantage is it's potential as a
standard for database query language, as it is already well established
in the mainframe and minicomputer markets.  Most important, with SQL
it's possible for a single inquiry from a mainframe, mini, or micro
computer to search several different computers of any of the three sizes
mentioned in a single query.  This is an especially important point for
corporate users.  You may say "Thats all well and good for a
corporation, but what will it do for the personal user and more
specifically, the bbs's?".  With it's power and flexibility, a personal
user can make use of the extensive search and find capabilities of the
SQL commands.  I also foresee a time when by using "Grant" and "Revoke"
commands (See command explanations), the sysop and user will be able to
utilize the power of SQL languages with no lengthy work on either
parties end, therefor simplifying and making bbs's even more user and
sysop friendly.

     And no you don't have to learn the language either, but it's worth
the time it takes to learn.  Anyone with a fairly logical mind and the
manual open can run a SQL system proficiently in an hour or two.  Also,
programs can be written in C or Pascal with SQL commands embedded and be
OS/2 and SQL compatible, so your favorite programs and software aren't
dead or obsolete, you'll simply see new versions that have been
interlinked for OS/2 compatibility.

     Now for a brief summary of some of the SQL and OS/2 commands and
what they do in conjunction to operate the system.  IBM's SQL OS/2 uses
14 basic commands to operate the system, these are:

SELECT:  Roughly equivalent to dBASE's LIST.  SELECT is SQL's most used
         command.  SELECT can be nestled into subqueries, where a single
         statement has many levels and retrieves a complex set of data
         from a variety of different tables.  Most databases require
         several queries to get the information that SQL obtains in a
         single statement.

INSERT:  This command inserts new data records, or rows into a database.

UPDATE:  Allows a user to modify field values for a single or multiple
         record.

DELETE:  Deletes one or more data records, or rows from a database.

CREATE TABLE:  Creates a new data table.

CREATE INDEX:  Creates a index, and attaches it to the system catalog.

DROP TABLE:  Deletes a specified data table from the system.

DROP INDEX:  Deletes a specified index from the system.

ALTER TABLE:  Allows you to insert new information to an existing table
              to restructure that specific database.

CREATE VIEW:  View is a way of creating virtual and interlocking
              databases that can do the functions of both (or more)
              tables.

GRANT:  This allows the system supervisor to give access to specified
        tables and databases, and the right to use SQL commands on them.

REVOKE:  Opposite of GRANT.

COMMIT:  One the most powerful of the SQL commands, it allows the
         stringing of SQL commands in a group for a single transaction.

ROLLBACK:  Another data integrity command, ROLLBACK work with a COMMIT.
           In case of a system crash or other problem, it allows a
           transaction to be "ROLLEDBACK", returning the information
           back to the exact state before the problem.

     The best thing about SQL is that it's a nonprocedural.  That means
that it's smart.  It knows exactly where information is and how to get
it.  The drawback to these wonderfully simple commands and "smart"
system is that it's a memory devourer.  An average dBASE type program
requires 640to 1.2 megs to run, plus another 2-4.7 megs for SQL or OS/2.
Also an irritating fact that really slows OS/2 and SQL down is that they
use "Sequential Query".  That means that if you ask it to search for a
file using a SELECT subquery, then even if that file is the first one in
the database it will go through all the files even though it's found the
file already.

     Don't expect SQL compatibility to be cheap either.  A basic
database program (Ingress, for instance , the most inexpensive on the
market right now) starts at $1450.00 for the basic package.

     All together the OS/2 seems to be a good operational system for a
large computer due to it's database abilities and simple use for a large
corporate datanet, but it seems rather wasteful for the small user that
doesn't want to buy a system that will run DOS and SQL or OS/2, and not
only in dual compatibility between the two, but to also have to pay the
price for a larger memory capacity needed.  Many users seem to express a
desire for an Operating System that will give them the flexibility and
smarts of SQL, but with the size and speed of DOS. This is not it but
perhaps OS/2 and SQL will lead to that end.


References:  PC World Feb '88
             McGraw-Hill Dictionary of Scientific and Technical Terms.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Top Ten Things Heard From Out-Of-Town Vistiors On The Streets Of
Birmingham
By Tyros

10.  Where are all the other tourists?

9. Oh, all right Mr. Arrington, here's my last five bucks.

8. Boy, I'm glad we're all on the same side now, aren't you?

7. Look honey, running water and everything.

6. What exactly IS the "Alabama Reunion"?

5. What do you mean by "racism"? We got this parking space FIRST,
   Congressman Reed!

4. Could we get this changed to Confederate money?

3. What happened to that horse track that was here last time we came
   through?

2. Can you give us directions to Martin Luther King's gravesite?

1. IT REALLY IS A SLEEPY SOUTHERN TOWN.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

PRO FILE
by Chris Mohney

The Pro File is a short, half-serious biographical sketch given to
various computer telecommunications personalities around Birmingham.
Victims are selected randomly from a group of names put into the
notorious Hat.  Anyone who thinks himself brave or witty enough may
petition for admittance to the Hat by leaving E-Mail to me (Chris
Mohney, most boards around town) to that effect.  Anyone who wishes to
suggest more questions or sneakily nominate someone without their
knowledge may take the same route ....

---------

       Pro File on KATHY MAISEL

---------


Age:  None of your business

Birthplace:  Bellefont, PA.

Occupation:  Electronic Data Processing Auditor, are you impressed?

My hobbies include:  sex, computing, cards, reading, more sex, writing,
                     and sleeping

Years telecomputing:  5

Sysop, past/present/future of:  Don't be silly. I'd never work that hard.

My oddest habit is:  putting on a suit and talking like I know what I am
                     doing for 5 days out of every week.  I think you
                     call it a job.

My greatest unfulfilled ambition is:  to get my husband's attention away
                                      from the computer without having
                                      to yell,"FIRE!"

The single accomplishment of which I am most proud is:  staying married
                                                        to Mark Maisel
                                                        for over 7 years.

My favorite performers are:  Rick Moranis, Cheech and Chong, Julie
                             Andrews and Captain Kangaroo.

The last good movie I saw was:  The Princess Bride

The last good book I read was:  The Mists of Avalon by Marion Bradley

If they were making a movie of my life, I'd like to see my part played
by:  Yoda

My pet peeves are:  Malls, Grocery Store Layouts, Soap Operas, and people
                    who don't know how to MERGE on the highway.

When nobody's looking, I like to:  Hehehe -- CENSORED!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Our Local Bulletin Board Systems
Number Five In A Series
by Mark Maisel

Name: Ziggy's UnaXess

Sysop:  Ziggy Powers

Software:  UnaXess

Been Around:  7.5 years

Baud Rates:  300-1200

Bulletins:  brief explanation of the system seen when you log on

Conferences:  created by users and they vary with use. they die after 3
              months of inactivity

Computers Supported:  any and all who can call

Files Available:  variety of shareware and public domain offerings

Doors Available:  none

Special Information:  the oldest continuously running bbs in Birmingham

Q. Why did you start your BBS?
A. To study and communicate with my house.  I set up remote control for
   the lights, etc.  It also has given me the opportunity to meet new
    people.

Q. What has been your greatest reward from running your BBS?
A. Meeting people and exchanging ideas.

Q. What are your greatest regrets and annoyance associated with running a
   BBS?
A. The uncompensated expense is my greatest regret.  There have been
   some annoyances in the form of bad users.  This has for the most part,
   cleared itself up.

Q. What are your future plans for the BBS?
A. I really don't have any plans.  As long as it keeps running, it will
   remain.

Q. What is the funniest thing that has happened on your BBS?
A. Nothing funny comes to mind.  I have had some excitement from hackers
   trying to break into the system over the years.  They always seem to
   approach it in the spirit of challenge.

Q. What is your favorite hobby/pastime outside of your BBS and computers
   in general?
A. I like to do woodworking.  Making furniture and clocks has been a good
   hobby for me.  I also like to work in my Japanese style garden.

Q. What do you think your system offers that might cause someone to
   prefer your board over others?
A. I offer complete anonymity and the crowd is pretty laid back.  There
   is almost always some good discussion to be shared.

Q. Why?
A. I run the system this way to make things easier for me and the users.
   The folks who call seem to enjoy this.  I feel like my responsibility
   is to provide the service and the rest is up the users.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

From the Kitchen
by Chez Stephan

     With we Alabamians being in the throws of summer, it's time for
Chez Stephan to get the old grill out and start with some of my
summer favorites.  Most of these will be extremely easy to fix and some
of them might even taste pretty good.  There will not be any burgers
this time but there will be something for almost everyone.  Fasten your
seat belts, pop a cold one and be prepared to go to grill heaven.

     First off is something so easy anyone can do it.
     We're gonna grill some shrimp.

     3 or 4 pounds of shrimp
     enough skewers to hold the shrimp
     Tony Chachere's powdered Creole Crab Boil or
     Paul Prudhome's Blackened Seafood Spices

     Clean and peel the shrimp.  For those of you that are lazy, you can
buy them already cleaned and peeled. Place the shrimp on the skewers and
then sprinkle liberally with either of the spices.  Grill over high heat
until done.  Brush with butter while they cook.  After they are done
then remove shrimp from skewers and serve on a warm platter.  Please
don't overcook the shrimp.  They get rubbery when cooked to long.  These
shrimp are great as munchies while the main meal is cooking or even as a
main course.  They can be served with a melted butter, lemon, and
tarragon mixture or with a red sauce, or really good with just about
anything.  They are even good with the prepared horseradish and bacon dip
you find in they dairy section of the grocery store.

     Next were gonna steam some oysters or clams
     These are also too easy

     All the fresh oysters you can eat and then some
     One or two heavy burlap bags
     Some old or very cheap beer

     ALWAYS REMEMBER THAT OYSTERS SHOULD BE EATEN FRESH AND IN FACT THEY
SHOULD BE EATEN ALIVE WHETHER THEY ARE COOKED OR RAW.  Oysters will live
for about 3 days if they are kept iced down real well.  Get a nice hot
fire going and then soak the burlap bags in beer.  Place them on the
grill ( not the fire, the grill ) and pile the oysters up on top of the
burlap.  Add another can or two of beers and close the top of the grill.
Check the bag about every 5 minutes or so because you don't want to
catch the darn thing on fire.  When the Oyster shells pop open they're
done.  Serve these with a red sauce or melted butter and some crackers.
Either give each person a knife ( or if your guest can't be trusted with
one; as many of Mark's guest are; you'll have to do it yourself ) so
that they can cut the oyster from the opened shell.  These are also good
as munchies while the main course cooks.

     A Sauce for Ribs and Steaks
     Also good on fish

     1 cup of water
     1/2 cup of white vinegar
     2 teaspoons salt
     1 teaspoon pepper
     2 tablespoons Worcestershire sauce
     1 clove minced garlic
     1 stick of butter

     Combine all ingredients and bring to a boil.  Use to baste meat
while cooking.  Any left over sauce can be sealed in a mason jar and
stored in the refrigerator.  This sauce can be made weeks in advance of
usage and stored.  What I usually do is make a triple recipe and store
the stuff in mason jars in the fridge until I'm ready to go at it again.

     Grilled Shrimp
     From Captain Anderson's Kitchen

     Make this marinade first.
     1/2 cup olive oil
     1/3 cup of vinegar
     1/2 cup orange juice
     1/4 cup fine chopped onions
     3-4 drops Tabasco
     1 teaspoon salt
     1 teaspoon chili powder
     1/4 teaspoon oregano
     1/4 tablespoon lemon juice

     Clean and peel shrimp ( large ones, 1/2 pound per person served ).
Let shrimp rest in the marinade for at least 2 hours.  Thread them on
skewers with small mushroom cap between each and grill over slow fire
for about ten minutes.  Baste with marinade while shrimp cook.

     Horseradish Sauce
     Grill your favorite steak and serve on the side

     4 tablespoons of heavy cream
     1 tablespoon vinegar
     3 tablespoons grated horseradish
     salt and paprika

     Whip cream stiff. Mix the other ingredients together and beat
gradually into cream.  This is enough for one serving so make this
according to the number of people you need to serve at any given time.


     This should be enough to get things started until next issue.
Anyway I don't want to take up valuable space with a few simple recipes.
I'm quite sure that most of you would rather get on to the real meat of
BTN anyway.

     So Ciao for now.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

MESSAGE BOARD
by Barry Bowden


                               JUNE 1989

                          S  M  T  W  T  F  S
                                      1  2  3
                          4  5  6  7  8  9  10
                          11 12 13 14 15 16 17
                          18 19 20 21 22 23 24
                          25 26 27 28 29 30


June  3  BIPUG --> This months meeting will be at 1:00 PM.
         BAC
June 16  BEPCUG
June 11  BCCC
June 13  CCS
June 25  BCCC
June 27  CCS

BCCC                                      BIPUG
Birmingham Commodore Computer Club        Birmingham IBM-PC Users Group
POB 59564                                 Room 535/541 UAB Nutrition
Birmingham, Al 35259                      Science Bldg
UAB School of Education, Rm 153           First Sunday 3:00 PM
2nd and 4th Sundays, 2 PM                 (delayed one week if meeting
Rusty Hargett 854-5172                     falls on a holiday)
                                          Marty Schulman 967-5883
                                          Jim Caldwell     870-4729
                                          Carolyn Daffron  969-1748

BEPCUG                                    CC-S
Birmingham East PC Users Group            Commodore Club South
Jefferson State Jr. College               Springville Road Library
RUBY Carson Hall 114 (Meeting)            Huffman, Alabama
3rd Friday of Every Month                 2nd and 4th Tuesday (C64/C128)
7:00PM to 9:00PM                          3rd Monday (Amiga)
Paula Ballard 853-1200,ext 1463 (Work)    7:30 PM to 10:00 PM
              251-6058 (Home)             Maurice Lovelady 684-6843


BAC
Birmingham Apple Corps
POB 5542
Birmingham, Alabama 32555
Regular meetings - 1st Sunday
UAB Building #2, Rm 115 at 2PM
  Informal get-together every
  Saturday morning at 8:30AM
  at the Kopper Kettle in
  the Brookwood annex next
  to AC3

If you belong to or know of a user group that is not listed, please let
us know by sending E-Mail to me, Barry Bowden, on EzNet.
Please leave the following information :

                 User Group Name
                 Meeting Place
                 Meeting Time(Day/date,Time)
                 Contact Person
                 Any  Other Important Information

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Known BBS Numbers For The Birmingham Area

NAME                       NUMBER     BAUD RATES SUPPORTED   MODEM TYPE

America Online Nodes 1-3   323-2016   300, 1200, 2400
America Online Node 4      251-2344   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
*American BBS              674-1851   300, 1200, 2400
Amiga Alliance             631-8367   300, 1200, 2400
*Byte Me                   979-2983        1200, 2400
*Bus System BBS            595-1627   300, 1200, 2400
*Channel 8250              744-8546   300, 1200, 2400
Club Phoenix               942-0252   300, 1200, 2400
*Crunchy Frog              956-1755   300, 1200, 2400
D3 Systems BBS             663-2759   300, 1200, 2400
Duck Pond BBS              822-0956   300, 1200, 2400
Gizmo's Atari BBS          854-0698   300, 1200
Fortress BBS               664-9040   300, 1200
I.S.A. BBS                 995-6590   300, 1200, 2400
Jim's Place                787-5512   300, 1200, 2400
*Joker's Castle            744-6120   300, 1200, 2400
LZ Birmingham              870-7770   300, 1200, 2400
*Magnolia BBS              854-6407   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
ProSoft Systems BBS        853-8718   300, 1200, 2400
Psycho's Den               592-2545   300, 1200
*Role Player's Paradise    631-7654   300, 1200, 2400
Smitty's BBS               849-7349   300, 1200
Sparta PCBoard Nodes 1-5   979-0193   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  HST
Sparta PCBoard Node 6      979-0196   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  Hayes
Sperry BBS                 853-6144   300, 1200, 2400, 9600  Hayes
*ST BBS                    836-9311   300, 1200, 2400
*The Connection Node 1     854-9074        1200, 2400
*The Connection Node 2     854-2308        1200, 2400
*The Outer Limits          969-3262        1200, 2400, 9600  HST
The Islands BBS            870-7776   300, 1200
*The Professional's Board  856-0679   300, 1200, 2400
Twilight Zone              856-3783   300, 1200
Willie's DYM Node 1        979-1629   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's DYM Node 2        979-7739   300, 1200, 2400
Willie's RBBS              979-7743   300, 1200, 2400
Ziggy Unaxess              991-5696   300, 1200

Boards with a "*" before their name are members of our local network,
EzNet, and public messages left in the EzNet Conferences of any of these
boards will be echoed to all members.

