     Sharon checked her watch, sighing tiredly as she realized that
once again she had worked for more than twelve hours. That made the
eighth straight day. She shoved back her long, thick brown hair and
briefly lay her head back against the chair.
     She sighed and closed her eyes, wishing the Mcginty proposal
was done so she could get back to her more normal ten hour days.
Life was hell for an associate who wanted to be a partner with the
city's biggest, richest law firm. 
     You worked your ass off in school, pulling all nighters to get
good marks, and then, after the briefest of celebrations you became
a slave to some law firm. You worked your ass off again, brown
nosing, doing favors, trying to outmanoeuvre the other associates.
     All for the gold ring.
     The average payout for a partner in this firm was a million
bucks a year. That was worth working her ass off for.
     She stretched her arms high above her head, arching her back
as she yawned deeply, then got up and padded across the carpet and
out to the front where the coffee machine steamed nicely, the smell
delicious.
     Her body ached from the constant typing at the machine and the
constant flipping of pages as she checked over facts in her legal
books. She rubbed her back, turning and stretching again.
     Speaking of working her ass off...
     She ran her hand down over her buttocks, giving a brief smile.
She hadn't had time for her regular workouts lately. She'd always
managed to make time for that while in college, no matter how busy
she was. Still, her ass, though she hadn't worked it off, didn't
seem to have expanded any from lack of attention.
     She was still slim and trim, perhaps too slim, for she'd
missed more than a few meals as well as workouts. She poured
herself a coffee and padded back into her office, her socks making
no noise on the thick carpet.
     She put the mug down on her desk and ran a hand across her
stomach. It was still firm and trim, though that wouldn't last if
she didn't star her workouts again. She sat down, yawning and
stretching again, arching her back. 
     Her breasts pushed out hard against the fabric of her silk
shirt. God, she felt tired. She got up and closed the office door,
then sat down again, unbuttoning the first three buttons of her
blouse.
     This was a conservative and sexist outfit, so it didn't do
well for a girl who wanted t make partner to emphasize her breasts,
not unless she wanted to screw one of the partners. Sharon wore
jackets almost all the time, and tighter than normal shirts to pull
her breasts in.
     It wasn't that she was huge, but her thirty 36Cs were more
than ample for her slender frame, so she did her best to tone them
down. Men didn't take busty women seriously, not the men here at
any rate.
     She felt much more comfortable with the shirt unbuttoned. She
leaned forward and got back to work. 
     Another hour passed and her eyes got too tired to focus. With
just a little work left to do she decided to take a brief rest. She
lay her head back against her executive chair again and closed her
eyes.
     She woke with a start, blinking her eyes rapidly. Feeling a
little dizzy she pulled her head forward and held it in her hands
for a moment, then looked at her watch again. It was two in the
morning.
     "Shit," she said.
     She had a meeting at seven.
     She briefly considered sleeping here for a few hours, then
rejected it. While her white pants and navy blue double breasted
jacket made her look nice, wearing the same outfit two days running
would give rise to rumors that she'd spent the night at somebody's
house.
     Cursing angrily she got to her feet, doing up her blouse as
she slid her feet into her shoes. She pulled her suit jacket off
the back of the chair and shrugged it on. 
     She gathered up some papers she might have time to glance over
at street lights or something, then hurried out the door. 
     Right away she felt the stuffy atmosphere. The air-
conditioning must have been turned off hours ago. The rest of the
floor was empty, of course. The whole building was probably empty.
She took the elevator down to the garage, yawning and shaking her
head to keep awake.
     The doors opened and she went out into the garage. Normally
very brightly lit, there were only a few lights scattered around
the empty, cavernous garage. Her's was not the only car there,
though she was willing to bet the rest of them were parked for the
night, their owners long gone.
     She strode quickly towards her waiting Mercedes, then bent and
tried to fit the key into the lock. She cursed and set her
briefcase down, then bent over and tried to focus her tired eyes on
the keyhole.
     She heard a noise and started to straighten. Suddenly an arm
slid around her throat and she was crushed back against another
body. She tried to scream but her throat was crushed in the tight
grip and no air would come out.
     She squirmed and thrashed desperately, trying to escape
whoever had her. She kicked and tried to reach back to claw at
them, but was flung hard into the side of her car. The body behind
slammed into her, crushing her against the car as the arm tightened
still further around her throat.
     She felt dizzy, her head faint. A sharp knife was suddenly
pressed against her cheek under her eye. She froze in terror, not
moving even when the arm loosened and she was able to breath.
     "Don't move, bitch," the voice hissed, low and evil sounding.
"You give me any trouble and I'll carve up your face so bad you'll
only be able to work in the circus. You understand?"
     She swallowed, or tried to. Her mouth was desert dry.
     She felt her hair grabbed tightly and her head shaken like a
rat.
     "Understand, whore?"
     "Ye...yes!" she gasped.
     The hand stayed in her hair as the knife slid across her face,
caressing her with it's cold steel. Sharon didn't dare move as it
slid down along her throat, then down along her chest and finally
went around behind her.
     She was pulled away from the door of her car, shuffling with
difficulty as the man continued to keep her pulled tightly against
his body. They moved down towards the trunk and then he shoved her
forward hard.
     She flung her hands up just in time to prevent her face from
smashing into the trunk as she was forced across the car, her knees
hitting the side with a dull thump.
     "You move and I'll cut you,"  the voice warned again. "I don't
want you to move one fucking inch unless I tell you to.
Understand?"
     The knife blade slid under her hair combing it back on the
right.
     "Yes! I understand!" she moaned.
     Then she gasped as she felt a hand between her legs, squeezing
her pussy, kneading the flesh through her thin white pants. 
     "I want your money and valuables," he hissed in a cold voice.
     "In... in my jacket pocket," she whispered, "Right side."
     The hand left her groin and slid into her pocket, emerging
with her wallet. Her face was pressed against the trunk and she
kept it there, afraid to move.
     The wallet was tossed onto the trunk beside her, bouncing off.
     "So, Sharon, honey, this all the money you got?"
     "It's all I have on me," she gasped.
     "Let me see your right hand."
She started to straighten and his hand shoved down hard on her
back, slamming her back into the hood of the trunk.
     "I didn't tell you to get up you dumb cunt!" he snarled.
     "I'm sorry! Sorry!"
She put her right hand back and he unfastened her Rolex, taking it
off.
     "Nice," he said.
     Then his hand squeezed her crotch again. "This is nice too,"
he sneered.
     He bent over her. She could feel his breath on the back of her
neck but was too frightened to turn around.
     "You know, they say that women sit on their most valuable
asset," he hissed in a hateful voice.
     She closed her eyes and shuddered, painfully aware of how
exposed she was, bent over like this with her legs apart. His foot
shoved them even further, and his hand rubbed at her crotch.
     Then she felt what could only be the knife blade sliding up
and down the seam of her pants between her buttocks. With a deft
movement, the man sliced through the seam and cut upwards several
inches, not touching her body.
     Then his fingers gripped slid into the hole and ripped it wide
open, exposing her panties.
     "Please," she whimpered.
     "Shut up, whore," he hissed.
     He gripped the crotch of  her panties and then slid his finger
under them, rubbing her pussy. She moaned weakly, stiff with fear.
The knife slid in under the crotch. She felt the cold steel of it
against her cunt. She thought he was going to cut her panties, but
then the knife went away and he slid his fingers again. He gripped
the crotch and yanked it back, ripping her underwear right off.
     He tore her pants further open, exposing her entire ass and
the soft furry brown mound beneath it.
     "Now that's worth a lot of money," he sniggered, his hand
rubbing at her cunt again. "I could get a fortune if I sold this."
     She blushed furiously, mortified to have a strange man viewing
her like this.
     The knife was back. It was gliding across her buttocks, the
flat of knife cold on her warm skin. He slid it round and round her
buttocks, then down between her legs, again rubbing the cold flat
back and forth over her pussy lips.
     He took it away, and then it was next to her face. It wasn't
a normal knife she saw, for it was very long, and had the look of
some sort of military weapon.
     "I wonder if your cunt can hold this? You think it can, baby?
Think I can sheath this inside you?"
     He took it away and she felt the point edging into her cunt.
She shivered and he snickered.
     "Better hold still, honey, or I'll cut your cunt open so big
an elephant could fuck you  without touching the sides."
     The cold steel dipped into her cunt again, sliding easily
between her cunt lips. She fought to keep herself still as the cold
made her lips tingle.
     "Don't," she gasped. "Don't!"
     "No? Maybe you'd like something else in there instead?"
     "Yes. Fuck me!" she gasped. "Fuck me with your cock!"
     "Why you dirty little slut," he sniffed, sounding offended.
"You want me to stick my nice clean cock up your dirty little
pussy?"
     "Yes! Please put it in me!" Anything but the knife.
     "You want it, whore?"
     "Yes!' she gulped.
     "You want it up your dirty cunt pipe?"
     "Yes! Please. Fuck my dirty cunt pipe!"
     She bit her lip to hold back tears of nausea at having to
degrade herself further, at having to say the filthy vile words,
but she was too terrified to do anything else.
     "I don't think so. I think your cunt is too dirty for my nice
clean cock. Maybe you'd like it up the ass instead."
     She closed her eyes in resignation and misery.
     "Is that it, whore? Would you like one up the asshole?"
     "Yes," she gulped. "Whatever you want. Just don't hurt me."
     "Hurt you? Why would I want to hurt a nice piece of ass like
you?"
     She felt his fingers prying at her pussy and she gasped in
pain as they thrust into her, wriggling and jerking from side to
side like he was forcing them into a too tight glove. They pushed
into her to the knuckles and wiggled around in her tight tube.
     "Nice and hot in there," he sighed.
     She felt pressure against her anus then, hard pressure as
another finger probed at the entrance, then thrust into her. She
groaned in pain for it was very thick and she realized it must be
his thumb. His other hand was resting on the back of her head as he
shoved his thumb up her ass top the knuckle.
     He squeezed the fingers and thumb together, snickering in
amusement as he used them to grip her tightly and pull her ass up
and down, back and forth and from side to side.
     "Beg for it, baby," he said, laughing at her.
     "Please fuck me," she sobbed. "Fuck my ass! Fuck me in the
cunt! I don't care!"
     "Maybe I'll do both."
     Her chest was heaving, the adrenalin rushing through her
overheated body. She was still in terror, her nerves on edge,
waiting.
     His fingers moved her ass around, making it grind around in
lewd, obscene movements as he stood there and snickered at her.
     They pulled out, and both his hands were on her thighs,
pulling them wide, holding them tight. She felt something touching
her pussy and realized it was his tongue. Her eyes opened wide in
shock and then she groaned and let them close again.
     His tongue slid up and down her pussy mound, stroking back and
forth along the slit. His fingers pried the soft elastic tissue
aside to reveal her pink inner flesh, gleaming and warm. His tongue
slid up and down it, pressing hard, dipping inside her.
     He pulled her pussy lips wide and his tongue fucked her pussy
hold, dipping in and out, in and out, swirling around and twisting
inside her cunt entrance. It slid down onto her clitty and his lips
closed around it as he began to suck.
     Sharon was astonished and then bewildered. How insane this
was, she thought. It was impossible to believe that she was
actually bent over her car in the garage with the seat of her pants
torn open and a man eating her out.
     It's a dream, she thought. it must be a dream. I'm still back
in my office asleep at my desk. Soon I'll wake up and realize that
working out and food aren't the only things I've been doing
without. It's been months since I've had a good fuck and my body is
telling me to get with it.
     She dug her fingernails into her palm, hoping that would wake
her up, but it didn't. She was still here, and could feel her pussy
lips being pulled open so the man's tongue and lips could get at
her better.
     Her cunt was dripping wet with saliva as his tongue slurped
and sucked on her. He seemed to be in no hurry whatsoever, and
minute after minute went by as he continued to gnaw and slurp and
lick at her cunt. Sharon was astounded. Surely he was crazy, she
thought.
     Yet still he knelt, the sounds of his wet slurping and licking
loud in the empty garage. 
     I don't believe this, she groaned to herself. It has to be a
dream, a dirty, erotic dream.
     Erotic?
     This wasn't erotic at all. This was horrifying.
     She thought about what her friends would say if she told them
she'd been accosted in the garage, bent over her car and eaten out.
     "Send him to me next," was probably what they'd say.
     Her fear began to subside as the minutes ticked away. She
didn't think she was in immediate danger of being killed by this
crazy bastard. She wished she dared turn around but wasn't willing
to risk it. All she could do was feel what his tongue was doing.
     His technique was excellent, she admitted to herself. His
tongue was long too, and the way his lips sucked on her clitty was
sending hot flashes through her loins even now. 
     That realization made her eyes jerk open again. Surely she
wasn't enjoying this! She'd like to kill the rotten fucking
bastard! She hated his miserable, stinking, filthy rotten guts and
would gladly blow them out if she only had a gun!
     But it did... it did feel good, dammit!
     His nose was grinding over her clitty as his tongue drove deep
into her hole. His hands had moved upwards off her thighs and were
stroking and squeezing her naked ass flesh, kneading it like soft
dough.
     I must be insane, she thought. I'm being raped and I'm liking
it!
     But it had been months since she'd had time for a good
fucking, more than a week since she'd even found time to
masturbate, and she was exhausted from too many long hard days and
too little sleep. Her resistance was at a low point, and his tongue
felt soooooo good.
     She felt her muscles slowly relaxing all over her body, felt
the wire-taut tension in her muscles ease as a warm bubbling fire
burned away at her pussy. She groaned as he thrust his fingers back
inside her and pumped them slowly in and out, his tongue wriggling
against her clitty.
     She realized suddenly that her ass was grinding around in
circles again, only now it wasn't him that was doing it, she was
doing it on her own. She groaned aloud then and then gasped as he
thrust a third finger inside her and drove them deep.
     "Want it baby?"
     "Ooohhhhhhhhh," she moaned.
     "You want a fuck?"
She didn't answer, gasping and swallowing repeatedly.
     He thrust his fingers in hard and she grunted, her body
jerking against the car. He pulled his fingers back half way out
and continued to lick her clitty.
     She shoved her ass back, impaling herself on his fingers,
mortified at her behaviour as she heard him chuckle in amusement.
     "Hot little lawyer slut needs some meat, does she? Beg for it
and it's yours, honey. Beg for it, Sharon."
     "Fu...fu...fuck me," she whispered.
     "I didn't hear you, Sharon honey."
     "Fuck.... fuck me," she said, slightly louder.
     "Beg for it."
     "Please," she whimpered. "Fuck me! Fuck me!" Her voice rose
and her body shuddered as she begged.
     "You got it, whore."
     Her words seared her but she groaned in anxious anticipation
as he stood up and took his fingers out of her slit. She heard his
zipper, then felt his erection against her pussy. She spread her
legs a little more as he rubbed it up and down on her slit.
     He sniggered again and once more she quivered in humiliation.
Then his cock pushed against her hole. Her pussy was wet with more
than saliva now and he thrust it in to the hilt with one stroke.
     Sharon cried out in ecstasy, her body shuddering as she came.
The man pumped furiously, his hips slamming into her buttocks,
knocking her into the side of the car. His cock pounded up and down
her tight hole, skewering her with it's savage violent strokes.
     "Fuck me!" she gasped. "Fuck me! Oh! Oh! Oh!"
     "Whore!" he snarled, driving his meat up into her belly. He
gripped her hair, jerking her upper body off the trunk. His hands
slid around in front of her and gripped her blouse, ripping it open
with a loud tearing sound.
     He tore apart her bra, his hands like the claws of a lion as
he dug into her flesh. She cried out again, her mind staggered by
the violent sexual hurricane roaring through her body. 
     Her hands pressed down on the trunk as she arched her back.
She shoved her chest into his hands, grunting with delight as he
mashed and squeezed them. His nails dug into her sensitive
mammaries as he twisted them around in brutal lust.
     She humped back against his pistoning cock, heedless of the
pain as his hard, knobby cockhead crushed up against her cervix
repeatedly. Her head jerked up and down, up and down, like a
spirited filly, and the man growled like a maddened beast as he
rode her.
     She was nearly maniacal with sexual abandon, and then suddenly
she stiffened, air gurgling out of her gaping mouth as she came
with a cataclysmic release of high tension orgiastic pleasure. Her
cunt flared like a rocket, clutching and spasming around his cock
and he howled in glee as he stuffed it up her to the balls and his
juice exploded out the tip.
     Sharon's body arched back again and again, as she drove her
cunt back onto his tool. Hot sperm gushed up into her belly,
flooding her womb with its bubbling white seeds.
     She gave a mindless groan and fell forward onto the trunk,
totally spent and nearly senseless from the force of her monumental
orgasm. He paused, panting for breath, the last of his juice
draining out into her guts, then he withdrew.
     When she finally had the strength she rose and looked around,
but the garage was empty. She staggered back to the door of her car
and after fumbling for an endless time got it open and all but fell
into the driver's seat.  
     Her bare ass felt cold against the leather and she felt his
juices drooling out between her hot cunt lips. 
     She sat there for a moment, then closed her jacket to cover
her naked exposed breasts, closed the door of the car, started the
engine, and drove home.
