
                                   GBV05.TXT

                             ABBY GETS PULLED OVER
                             Gangbang Virgin Series
                                       
                                 by The Warthog
                             (linetwo@connect.net)
                      (TERRAnet linetwo#connect.net @506)
       _________________________________________________________________
   
                              Standard Disclaimer
        These stories are intended for the entertainment of adults only!
       _________________________________________________________________
   
The is a story about a life changing experience that my wife and I had a couple
of years ago. Abby and I had planned a celebration after she lost a
considerable amount of weight. She had reduced down to 110 pounds and looked
great. I should describe Abby. She has long brown hair and big brown eyes. She
has the cutest face and her smile is contagious. She stands five and a half
feet tall and has a body that won't quit. Abby's petite figure measures
34D-21-33. Despite her awesome assets Abby is embarrassed to show off her
shape.

Most of the time Abby wore baggy pants and tops. Like many women, she did not
feel that she was beautiful, despite my complements. I finally persuaded her to
buy some sexy clothes for our night on the town. I requested that she get
something that had a very short skirt and was skin tight. I also requested that
she not wear underwear. She balked at this but finally agreed after I begged
her.

The day of our celebration Abby went shopping. She called me at work to tell me
about her new dress. She seemed very excited about wearing it for me. She
wasn't sure, however, that she would feel comfortable in public wearing such a
sexy outfit. I assured her that she would be a big hit with anyone who saw her.
I don't think I convinced her.

The plan was to go out to dinner and then go dancing. I couldn't wait to see
Abby in her new outfit. She picked me up from work at 6:30. When I saw her I
was stunned. She looked like one of those glamour models. She gave me a shy
smile when I whistled at her. She said, "I can't believe I'm actually wearing
this." I said, "You are the sexiest woman I have ever seen. Abby was wearing a
red dress that barely covered her privates. Her large breasts stretched the top
to its limits. The dress was low cut with a full one third of her breasts
exposed. I said, "I hope those shoulder straps are industrial strength." Abby
giggled and said, "I hope so too."

I continued to stare at her as she drove out of the parking lot. I noticed two
bumps in the front of Abby's dress. I was happy to see that she wasn't wearing
a bra. I glanced down at her legs and wondered if she was wearing panties. Abby
noticed my stare and confirmed, "No, I'm not wearing panties." I asked her to
prove it and she pulled her hem up slightly revealing her neatly trimmed bush.
Abby said, "I have to be very careful when I get out of the car or bend over."
I said, "I'll bet."

We headed for our favorite restaurant. The parking lot was full and we had to
park at the shopping center next door. I watched as Abby got out of the car.
She held the hem of her skirt firmly. It was no use, however. If anyone had
been nearby they would have seen an eyeful. We walked in front of several shops
as we made our way to the restaurant. Abby complained about the 5 inch high
heels. Despite the awkwardness of the shoes, Abby caused heads to turn in her
direction. She was quite a sight.

We enjoyed a great meal and a few drinks and talked about everything. I told
Abby how proud I was of her. We talked about the looks she was getting. I think
she was beginning to like the attention. I paid the tab and we left. Abby asked
if I wanted to drive and I suggested that she drive. I told her that I wanted
to just look at her. She blushed. We strolled to the car and again Abby got
plenty of attention. I noticed that despite the earlier difficulty Abby had
with her shoes, her walk began to get more sexy. I knew she was enjoying
herself.

We got in the car and headed for a new dance club that we had wanted to check
out. We talked about what we would do after dancing. Abby was playing it coy,
but we both knew that a long session of lovemaking was in our future. We were
so engrossed in our sexy talk that neither of us noticed the police car on the
side of the road. We learned about it the hard way. Lights and sirens
approached us from the rear. Abby said, "Oh no! I think I was speeding." I
said, "Don't worry. Just do as the officer says and we'll be dancing in no
time."

Abby pulled the car to the side of the road and the police car followed. She
rolled down the window as the officer approached. He approached cautiously,
finally relaxing when he noticed that the driver was a woman. He walked up to
the car door and looked at Abby. He had to stand back a bit to see into our low
profile sports car. It was difficult to make out the officer's features. His
black skin and black uniform made him nearly invisible in the moonless night.
It was clear, however, that the officer was a very large man.

The officer asked Abby for her driver's license and she handed it over. He
looked at the license then leaned over to get a better look at Abby. I could
tell from his expression that he was impressed with her. The growing bulge in
his pants was a further indication. His eyes lingered on her substantial
cleavage. He sniffed at the air then asked if my wife had been drinking. Abby
nervously explained that she had had just a little wine with dinner.

The officer told Abby that he had clocked her going thirteen miles per hour
over the speed limit. Before she could say another word, he asked her to step
out of the car. Abby asked him why. He informed her that it was standard
procedure for potential 'DWI' cases. Abby tried to assure the officer that she
was not drunk. She told him that we had been talking and she lost track of her
speed. The officer was not persuaded. He asked Abby again to step out of the
car. I suspected that he just wanted to get a better look at Abby's body.

The officer stepped away as Abby opened the car door. She held the hem of her
dress as best she could and swung her legs around. Abby released her skirt and
used her hand to brace against the car seat. The hem of Abby's skirt slid up
her leg as she quickly pulled herself to a standing position. She immediately
pulled her skirt down but it was too late. Abby's quick movements getting out
of the car had caused the elastic material of her skirt to slide high on her
hips exposing her bush in the process.

The officer's eyes got wide when Abby bounced out of the car. He first noticed
her large breasts jiggling in the tight dress. He then spotted the dark hair
between her legs before she pulled down her skirt. The officer's excitement
gave way to seriousness. He accused Abby of using her body in an attempt to
avoid a citation. Abby tried to convince the officer that it was an accident
and that the dress was new. She explained that she had worn it for me for our
night out.

The officer seemed to be satisfied with her explanation. He pointed to the
white line on the edge of the shoulder. He told Abby to walk the line with her
hands out. She gave him a pleading look. He gestured toward the line.
Reluctantly, Abby began to walk the line. Her nervousness and her new high
heals caused her to falter. As Abby fell, the officer grabbed her to break her
fall. He managed to get a hand full of Abby's tit as he helped her up. Once
again, Abby's skirt slid up her legs exposing her pussy.

The officer told Abby that he would have to take her to the station, charged
with 'DWI'. I got out of the car and asked the officer if that was necessary. I
tried to explain that Abby was not drunk. I told him about her new outfit and
how she was just getting used to it. The officer seemed to ignore my words.
Abby pleaded with the officer. She explained how she couldn't afford bail and
didn't want to spend the night in jail.

The officer told us to get in the car. He went back to the squad car and called
in the case. We sat in car totally depressed. I told Abby I was sorry for
getting her into this. She was near tears. She told me that she would die if
she had to spend the night in jail. I told her we would get the money to bail
her out.

The officer got out of the squad car and walked to Abby's window. He told Abby
that she would be charged with 'DWI' and for attempting to bribe a police
officer with sex. Both of us were astonished at the last charge. It was
completely out of character for my sweet wife to offer herself for sex with
another man, especially a police officer on duty. We both politely told the
officer that he was wrong about the bribery charge. He ignored our pleading,
suggesting that saying more would only make it worse.

The officer proceeded to tell Abby the penalties for bribery. Abby was in
tears. When the officer was finished with the litany, he offered Abby an
alternative. I could not believe what he said. The officer said that he would
forget all the charges if Abby would have sex with him. I couldn't believe it.
How could he ask her to do something like that? I was surprised he would
suggest such a thing with me there. I let the officer have it. I threatened to
go to the police, bring a law suit and go to the press if he continued this
blackmail.

The officer looked at me calmly as I had my tirade. When I finished, he pulled
a small plastic bag from his pocket. The bag appeared to have a white powdery
substance in it. The officer explained that if we did not cooperate, he would
add narcotic's possession with the intent to distribute to the charges. He made
it clear that we would both be charged. I dropped my head in frustration. What
a nightmare this evening had become.

I looked at the officer and asked, "Why are you doing this to us?" He replied
evenly, "I like your wife. Its been a while since I've had a woman. Your wife
is about the best looking piece of ass I've seen in a long time. Hell, look at
her." We both looked at Abby. She looked down ashamed as he continued, "Her
tits beg to be released from that skimpy dress. She can't bend over or get out
of a car without flashing her cunt. And her shoes, only a whore wears heels
that high..." I interrupted, "I told you we are celebrating her losing a lot of
weight. The outfit was my idea. If she wanted to get anyone excited it was me,
not you."

The officer countered, "I'm sorry my friend. Your wife has gotten my attention
whether you like it or not and I plan to put her hot sexy body to good use." He
paused, then added, "You know, I think she's warming up to the idea." I look at
him with surprise and asked, "What do you mean by that?" He gestured toward my
wife's legs. I looked down and noticed a stream of moisture glistening on
Abby's thigh. The moisture was undoubtedly leaking from her pussy. I looked
back up Abby's body and noticed two large protrusions caused by her rock hard
nipples. I looked at Abby's flushed face with a questioning look. Her
expression answered for her. Abby turned away, blushing. I asked, "You want him
to have sex with you?" Abby didn't answer. I couldn't believe it. No answer was
as good as a 'YES.'

Abby kept her eyes from both of us. The officer said, "Isn't it true, baby?
You're itching to feel my big hard cock buried in your cunt." I saw my wife
tremble with the officer's words. Abby's breathing was heavier now. The officer
continued, "Tell me, baby. You want to fuck Officer Brown's big black cock?"
Abby's head nodded almost imperceptibly. The officer looked at me and shrugged,
"There you have it. The lady wants me to fuck her." He turned back to Abby and
said, "Go get in the squad car, baby." She immediately left us and walked to
the squad car, her butt wiggling sexily. She never even glanced in my
direction. She opened the door and got in the front seat. I watched in awe as
my once devoted wife made her choice. She had accepted the officer's ultimatum.
I wondered if the blackmail was really necessary. She was obviously in a state
of arousal.

Officer Brown watched my wife with appreciation as she made the trip to the
squad car. He said, "Is that a 'Fuck Bunny' or what? I'm gonna have one fine
time with that body." He turned to me and said, "If you like, you can follow me
and watch your wife get nasty or you can go on home. I'll see to it that she
gets home safe." I asked, "What makes you think she'll get nasty?" Officer
Brown smiled and said, "I know her type. Once she gets going, she'll do
anything. The quiet shy types are usually that way. You must not be giving it
to her, enough. She wouldn't have gotten in the squad car unless she was
looking for some satisfaction." I told Officer Brown that I would follow him.

I watched as the officer walked back to the squad car. I got in and started up
the car. I glanced in the rear view mirror and saw the officer talking to my
wife. Suddenly, Abby moved toward the officer and then disappeared below the
dashboard. A chill ran down my spine as I realized that my wife was giving the
man head. My sweet wife was sucking on the officer's black cock. I was
surprised to find that disgust was not what I was feeling. I was aching to see
her take his cock to the root. I was painfully aware that Abby was doing for
this stranger what she had always refused to do for me. After a minute or so
the squad car pulled onto the road and I followed.

We hadn't gone far when the squad car pulled into the parking lot of a
warehouse. I followed the squad car around back, out of site of the road. The
officer stopped the car next to the warehouse and shut it off. Only then did
Abby's head appear above the seat. I was thankful for the flood light that
illuminated the parking lot enough to see a fair amount of detail. Officer
Brown fumbled with something then got out of the squad car. He walked up a
short flight of stairs to a door that he was able to open. He motioned for Abby
to join him.

Abby opened the door of the squad car and got out. I was only somewhat
surprised to see her dress gathered at her waist exposing her tits and pussy.
She walked slowly with a sexy swagger that suggested that her nudity did not
bother her and that she was better at walking in high heels than I had thought.
My wife glided up the stairs and entered the building followed by Officer
Brown. The door shut behind them. I hoped the officer had the courtesy to leave
it unlocked. I got out of the car and ran up the stairs. I was relieved when
the door opened. I entered and immediately looked for my wife and the officer.
The warehouse interior was dimly lit. Around a corner I found them.

Officer Brown told Abby to kneel down and pull his cock out of his pants. She
unfastened his belt and unbuttoned his pants. She zipped him down and reached
in his shorts to find his cock. She struggled but finally pulled out large slab
of semi-hard black beef. He must have been a foot long and still growing.
Abby's eyes showed admiration at the site of his cock. Officer Brown ordered
Abby to suck his cock. Abby did not hesitate to continue what she had started
in the car. She stuffed as much of his sausage as she could in her mouth. She
greedily licked and sucked the head. She licked his plum-sized balls.

Officer Brown grabbed my wife's head as she furiously sucked his cock. He
continued to grow as Abby sucked him. She tried twice to swallow his cock down
her throat but it was too large. Officer Brown's cock stopped growing when it
reached 14 inches. Abby held the thing up with both hands to inspect it. She
had a look of awe on her face.

Officer Brown told Abby to stand up, turn around and bend over. She braced
herself against the wall with her hands. Abby knew what was coming and she
looked anxious. She looked around to see what Officer Brown was doing. Her hair
was now in disarray after the face fuck. She had a wild animalistic look to
her. He finished removing his pants and pulled his shirt off. He moved up
behind Abby and nestled his cock against Abby's ass. Abby asked, "Aren't you
going to use a condom?" The officer replied, "No baby, you're gonna take me
bareback, skin to skin." A concerned looked crossed Abby's face as she said,
"But I don't have my diaphragm in. I think I'm ovulating." I was stunned. I
wondered if the officer would cut Abby some slack. Surely the officer wouldn't
want to get my wife pregnant.

Officer Brown continued to rub his monster cock across Abby's pussy as he said,
"Baby, I'm sorry but I don't have a condom. Its either bareback or not at all."
It sounded to me like he might let my wife off the hook. Abby seemed to be
pondering her situation. Officer Brown brought his hands around Abby's waist
then slide them up her sides. He grabbed two handfuls of Abby's tits and
massaged them. Abby moaned at his touch. She looked now like she was hungry for
his cock.

Abby's face showed pure lust. She said, "Put it in me, Officer." Officer Brown
asked her the repeat what she said. Abby repeated, "Please Officer. Put your
cock in me." The Officer began to taunt Abby by saying, "What kind of wife are
you? You would let a strange man fuck you without birth control?" Abby looked
the officer in the eye with a lusty look and said, "I don't care. I want you to
fuck me. I want your big black cock pounding my hole!" The Officer complied
immediately. He rammed into Abby about half the length of his cock. Abby
gasped. I had begun to accept and even look forward to my wife satisfying her
newly found sexual passions, but I never thought she would risk getting
pregnant.

Officer Brown began pumping Abby's pussy hard and steady. She never took her
eyes off the officer. She continued to beg him to fuck her hard. I was amazed
at Abby. Usually, she was quiet in bed. This situation must have awakened a
deep lust in her. Officer continued to pump Abby's pussy. He had now managed to
penetrate her to the fullest extent. It was amazing to see that huge black cock
disappear between my wife's white legs. I couldn't believe how she took the
entire thing.

Abby came twice as they fucked. Shortly after her second orgasm the officer
began grunting something to her. I couldn't understand but she nodded.
Suddenly, Officer Brown jerked his cock out of Abby's pussy. She pivoted and
knelt down. Abby opened her mouth wide as Officer Brown let a long cum string
fly right into my wife's mouth. She didn't miss a drop. He then stuffed the
head into Abby's mouth and pumped two of three more cum strings into Abby. She
swallowed, however, some of the slimy goo escaped her mouth and drooled onto
her chin. When the officer had finished, she took time to lick all the cum off
her chin and his cock. I was shocked. She had never eaten my cum before. I
guess it was better in her mouth than in her fertile womb.

Abby continued to licked the officer's cock as she flashed him a grateful
smile. Slowly, Officer Brown's cock diminished in size. Abby asked, "When can
we fuck again?" The officer gave an exhausted reply, "Baby, it will be a while
before I can go again." Abby looked greatly disappointed as she whined, "I'm
still horny. Please fuck me." The officer reached for his radio and said, "Time
to call for back up." Abby gave the officer a puzzled look. The officer
chuckled and asked, "How many more men will it take to satisfy you?"

Abby's mouth dropped open in surprise, "More men?" The officer added, "Why let
that sexy hot horny body go to waste? You can get your fill of cock and my
buddies will have a night to remember for life." Abby pondered the officer's
words for a moment. Finally, she said, "What the hell. I've cheated on my
husband already. More won't make a difference. Besides, I don't think I want to
stop until my body gives out." I don't think Abby realized that I was watching.
She probably thought that I had just gone home. I wasn't about to spoil the
show to come by letting her know that I was watching.

Officer Brown got on his radio and called for 'back up'. I continued to watch,
unobserved. My wife and the officer talked mostly about my wife. He
complimented her on her perfect body for arousing men. She was surprised to
know that she could have such a profound effect on men by simply dressing as
she had tonight. He told her she could make a fortune as a stripper or even as
a porn actress. Abby asked him how much he was talking about. He told her that
with a body like hers she could easily make six figures a year, maybe more, in
porn. She told him that she would have to check it out.

Suddenly, I heard a noise coming from the door. I ducked behind some boxes and
watched three more police officers walk by, yelling for Officer Brown. He
called to them and they marched around the corner. I knew when they spotted
Abby based on the hoots and whistles. Officer Brown greeted his buddies and
said, "Guys, meet Abby a future porn star." Abby said shyly, "Hi fellas." One
of the officers said, "Abby, you will go far in the porn business with that hot
body of yours." My wife replied, "Well, I'm just thinking about it, but thanks
anyway." Another officer said, "You think maybe we could sample that pussy of
yours before you become famous." Abby stood up and said, "Guys, you can have my
pussy, mouth and even my ass until you can't get it up any longer."

The three new officers got out of their clothes in record time. They pounced on
my wife like a tiger to its prey. They rubbed her and felt her and licked all
over her body. Abby appeared in a deep daze as they stimulated her sex starved
body. She began to moan, "Somebody fuck me...Please, fuck me." Two of the
officers broke away to retrieve something from their pants. They moved back to
Abby opening packets that obviously contained condoms. I felt relieved that I
wouldn't have to watch these men impregnate my wife.

Before the thought had left my brain, Abby said, "You won't need those, guys. I
want to feel your skin touching my skin." Officer Brown shot Abby a look and
she smiled at him as she added, "I also want to feel your creamy sperm deep in
my pussy." Officer Brown looked at Abby with amused shock. The other guys
thought nothing of it as one filled Abby's mouth with a hard ten inch cock and
another impaled her pussy with a similar tool. The third man pinched Abby's
nipples and Officer Brown rested for his turn.

I watched as my previously devoted wife took on three black officers and one
white officer with a Hispanic look to him. They fucked her for three hours
solid depositing numerous loads of sperm into her very fertile unprotected
womb. If my wife was indeed ovulating, then she was almost assuredly pregnant
after the onslaught. I watched her take several loads in her mouth and in her
bowels. She seemed to have taken to anal and oral sex despite her reluctance to
do so with me during our years of marriage. I was beginning to believe that she
would make a fine porn star. I had never seen a woman act more slutty than my
wife did that night.

After taking these men on for numerous hours, Abby finally began to show signs
of exhaustion. It seemed appropriate for them to stop. It appeared that the men
were wiped out as well. Slowly they got dressed, then helped Abby on with her
dress. She looked surprisingly presentable once her dress was on and
straightened. Her hair still had that wild 'Fuck Bunny' look, however. I took
the opportunity to leave before a potentially unpleasant meeting took place.
Abby was dropped off about an hour after I got home. I had expected her sooner.
I learned later that the officers had gotten aroused once again as they watched
Abby strut her sexy shape out of the warehouse. They all four took her on the
hood of one of the squad cars. Their final tribute to her most fuckable body
was to shoot their last load all over her face.

Abby's cum covered face greeted me as she walked through our door. She had made
no effort to clean the slimy mess off until she saw me. With a look calculated
to be as slutty as possible, my wife collected the globs of half dried cum off
her face and put them into her mouth. An audible purr came from her throat as
she savored string after string of the slimy stuff. When she finished, she said
calmly, "Thank you for asking me to dress like a slut. It has allowed me to
find my true place in life." With that little speech done, she went straight to
bed.

The next morning Abby and I discussed the events of the previous night. She was
surprised that I had watched most of her gangbang. I asked her why she wanted
them to knock her up. She told me that it sounded like the slutty thing to do.
I reminded her that she would probably give birth to a black baby. She smiled
and said that she didn't care, it would still be hers. I told her that it
wouldn't be mine. She told me that she still loved me very much and would like
for us to stay together, but that she would understand if I wanted to leave
her. I told her that I wanted to stay together. She did inform me that she
could never go back to her former self. She admitted that she was a slut and
that she liked it.

We carried on our lives mostly as before. The only difference was Abby's prowl
nights. About twice a month she would go out, find and fuck as many men as she
could find. It was usually a lot with her looks. I tagged along to keep her
meetings as safe as possible. After four months she had to stop. She was
pregnant with one of the officer's babies. I told Abby that I would raise the
baby as my own in exchange for her using birth control on her outings.
Tragically, the baby was stillborn. The doctor pulled me aside and asked how it
was that my wife had given birth to a baby with obvious black features. I told
him it was none of his business and we closed that sad chapter of our lives.

On a more positive note, Abby starred in her first pornographic video recently.
The sales of the video broke records assuring Abby a lucrative career in the
business. One benefit to my wife's new sexuality is our relationship. I now
have a sex life that most men only dream of. Abby will do anything I want,
anytime I want. If I want to tip the pizza man, I just point and Abby will give
him an expert professional blow job. We've had many adventures over the past
few months. Maybe I'll relate some of the stories in the future.

       _________________________________________________________________

The account you have just read contains acts that may not be appropriate for
everyone. In fact, some may be dangerous. The author does not advocate the
practice of these acts and in our times recommends that care be taken when any
sex act is performed. Protect Yourself!
   
       _________________________________________________________________
   
                     Comments welcome. linetwo@connect.net
                      (TERRAnet linetwo#connect.net @506)
       _________________________________________________________________
   
