Archive-name: Changes/gemini2.txt
Archive-author: Cherysse St. Claire
Archive-title: Gemini, The (Part 2)


    There's nothing like a warm Spring evening to bring all the little
Studlies out to cruise the streets. It's like they're coming out of 
hibernation, ya know? And like a big ol' bear, they're REAL hungry! That's
OK, Stud; I've got whatcha want. That guy in the blue Chevy must think so
too; he's been going around the block for ten minutes, eyeing me every time
he goes by. Maybe I'll just step off the curb here and see what's on his
mind.

    "Hi, Handsome. I'm Amber. Wanna date?"

    "Jeez, Babe, those tits of yours look great! Are they real?

    "Gimme your hands, Lover. There, how's that? Now, what do ya think; do
    they FEEL real?"

    "Gulp. They sure do, Babydoll. Does the rest of you feel that good?'

    "Why not take me for a little ride, Honey, and decide for yourself?"

    He opened the door for me and I climbed inside. As he drove, I snuggled
up close to him. I felt up his bone while I stuck my tongue in his ear.

    "Ya know, Sugar, if you had fifty bucks, I could take REAL good care of
    your `friend' here."

    "What a coincidence! I just happen to have two twenties and a ten right
    here in my jacket pocket. See?"

    "Oooo - so you do! Here, let me just stick this in my purse - there,
    that's better. Now, let's you'n me have some fun!"

    I gave him a "wait'll you see what I got for YOU!" smile as I eased
down his zipper and undid his button. I gently lifted his dong out and
started stroking it.

    "Hey, Babe, you really ARE a stud! Does this `lollypop' taste as good
     it looks? Let's see!"

I went down on him while he drove, swallowing his cock all the way down to
his balls. I gently raked his thighs and ball sack with my nails. The poor
thing just about jumped out of his skin! It's always such a kick to do a
trick while he's driving; it's all he can do to keep his eyes open, much
less on the road, and he has to fight the urge to grab my head and pull me
down on his rod. No no, Baby, mustn't touch; you have to keep your hands on
the wheel! The poor boy lasted about five minutes, then shot his load into
my mouth. I cleaned him up with my tongue, then carefully tucked him back
in, zippered and buttoned him up, then snuggled up next to him again and
fixed my lipstick and make-up in my compact mirror. They like that. I had
him drop me off at Clark and Diversey. I kissed him on the cheek and told
him to "cum back anytime!", then got out and walked down the block,
swinging my hips for him to see. I'm up a couple a bucks, and I got a ride
to Tush Street; not bad for five minutes work.
    You got to know the rules about places like Tush Street. I do; I've
worked places like this for as long as I've been hooking (How long has it
been now? Gosh, I just don't remember. It seems like forever. You are such
a Bimbo, Amber!). The guy at the door knows the score; you flash him a BIG
smile, wink, put your arm around him and tell him you missed him SO much,
even if you've never seen him before in your life. He'll cop a free feel,
then tell you to have a good time and drop by later. Bye-bye cover charge.
You saunter down the aisle nice and slow, so everyone can check out the
goods; then you pour yourself onto a bar stool, make a big thing about
crossing your legs, let your hem hike up a couple of inches, order a drink,
and wait for the fish to bite. There are always a couple of real good
`fishing spots' in any bar. It might be by the pool table. It might be at
the end of the bar, facing the door, like I'm gonna do tonight. One of the
best places is under the TV. Think about it. The guys are watching the `Big
Game'. Their eyes wander down from the screen. Gotcha! You thought Monday
nights have to be slow for us `working girls'? You haven't got a clue,
Honey!
    Yup, the place is just like I pictured it. Just a little `neighborhood
joint' with a bar, juke box, and pool table in the front room and another
bar and dance floor in the back. The place is a little on the sleazy side,
just like I like. You won't find any `Yuppies' here, unless they're
cruisin' for a piece. But there IS someone else here who knows the `rules'.
She's sitting right where I was going to. What a dynamite-looking fox! I
always had a thing for Redheads, and her eyes are as green as mine. She's
got a bod that just won't quit, poured into a long-sleeved black satin
spandex minidress and black patent pumps. She makes ME ooze! I can always
spot another `working girl', and I wouldn't mind having this one as a
friend. Maybe she can give me a line on a place to stay.

    "Hi, Hon. How's business tonight?", I said with a wink. She beamed a
smile my way and winked back.

    "Just great, Luv. In fact, it's been booming!"

We had a laugh over that one. It's just a little `inside joke' between us
girls.

    "My name's Amber. Mind if I hang with you for a while?"    

    "Sure, no prob. I'm Jade. New in town?"

    "Oh, kinda. I worked some places over on the West Side side for a
    while to pay for clinic. My landlord threw me out; I wouldn't give him
    a freebie. I've got my things in storage. I thought I might check out  
    the action up here."

Jade kinda stiffened up when I mentioned the clinic.

    "Did Janice send you to find me?"

    "You know Janice too? Isn't she a sweetheart? She made me everything I 
    am today," I replied slyly, showing off my body. "No, really, Sugar; I
    came on my own. Janice would probably kill me if she knew I was
    hooking."

    "Who're you telling? She's been on my case for months to get me to
    quit. I finally stopped going to see her. She's such a prude, and I
    don't need the grief."

    "Oh, Honey, you shouldn't quit! Janice is such a SUPER person, and she
    really has done a lot for me. You can always tell her you got a job as
    a secretary or something. I'll cover for you. In fact, we can cover for
    each other. Besides," I said with another wink, "I have a hunch she's
    not as much of a `prude' as you think."

    "Thanks, Babe. Maybe I'll take you up on that. Need a place to stay
    tonight?"

    "That'd be super! Are you sure it's no bother?"

    "Are you kidding? Us girls have to stick together!"

We had another good laugh, and spent the rest of the evening together.
Well, sorta. We kinda got busy and had to make a few `house calls' out to
the parking lot - know what I mean? I guess the word was already getting   
around about the two stone foxes at the end of the bar. We had a few laughs
over it, and got to be good friends. I was really getting hot for her, and
she looked like she felt the same for me.
    Jade took me back to her place. It wasn't much, but it was a roof over
my head. Jade said I was welcome to stay until I found a place, and that
she would help me pick up my stuff from storage in the morning. I kissed
her lightly on the cheek, thanked her, then started to turn to go over to
the couch. Jade put her hand gently on my arm.

    "No. Stay here with me tonight, Amber," she said softly.

How could I resist an offer like that? I was so randy for her all night, I
couldn't think straight. I put my arms around her neck, pressed my bod
against hers and kissed her, gently at first, then like a five-alarm fire.
We couldn't get out of our dresses fast enough. We lay together in our 
garterbelts, stockings and heels, fucking ourselves into oblivion with
Jade's double-dildo. Afterward, we cuddled tenderly all night.
    The next few days were like a dream. Jade helped me move in and get
settled. I had clothes that even I didn't remember (Where did I get this
stuff?). Jade gave a little cry of joy when she discovered my corsets. She
insisted I just HAD to wear one for her right away! I think she enjoyed
yanking those laces tight, crushing my waist down to nineteen inches. I
told her turnabout was fair play, and I took my turn corsetting her for me.
We spent all of our time together in corsets, stockings, and five-inch
spikes, and dressed each other in the evenings for ourselves, as much as
for the boys. We hooked together, sometimes on the streets, sometimes the
clubs. Everytime I turned a trick, I found myself thinking about humping
Jade.  
    Today is clinic day! I have so much to tell Janice - oops! Well, maybe
not EVERYTHING. I tried to get Jade to come with me, but she is still too
nervous about confronting Janice. There's something going on between them
that Jade won't talk about. I spent some bucks and got a new outfit to wear
today. I'm starting with a black satin corset, black lace bikini, and black
stockings. I slipped a silky black camisole over my head and let its lacy
top settle over my naked breasts. I had the dark grey, wool suit tailored
to fit my body REAL tight. The skirt goes just past the knee and limits me
to about twelve-inch steps. The jacket is V'ed to show off my camisole (and
my jiggling boobs underneath!), nipped in to accent my nineteen-inch waist,
then flares into a snug-fitting peplum. I stepped into a pair of five-inch
black patent spikes and was ready to go. I looked business-like, but `on
the make' - kinda like a smart, efficient secretary who was doing a little
hanky-panky with the boss! Jade's eyes kinda glazed over, and I could tell
I had to get outta here real quick, before she ripped my clothes off me
again.
    I didn't realize so many of my tricks worked here at the clinic! True,
I hadn't seen any of them since I moved uptown, but it's kinda scary
walking down the hall and having all the guys say "Hi, Amber" and remember
when I did them in my old place, or a car, or even a dark alley. What if
they told Janice? I had to wait a while in the outer office, along with a
couple of Janice's other `girls'. I could tell they were green with envy of
me. Sorry, Girls, we can't all be beautiful. If we were, I'd be out of
work!
    Janice hugged me and kissed me on the cheek, like I was her long, lost
sister, and ushered me into her office.

    "Amber! You look stunning. Is that a new suit? It looks MARVELOUS on
    you! I just KNEW you wouldn't have any trouble finding a job. You look 
    like quite the career woman. Come, sit down and get comfortable. We
    have so MUCH to talk about!"

I sat down on the couch, swung my legs up, then looked up expectantly into
Janice's eyes. She smiled down impishly at me.

    "ARE YOU HAVING FUN, RICHARD?"

    "JANICE! Oh, my God! I've been fucking MEN all week, and loving it!
    I'm going to strangle the life out of yo - I CAN'T MOVE! What have
    you done to me, you BITCH?"

Janice chuckled and patted my cheek lovingly.

    "Poor Baby. I thought you might have a nasty reaction when I brought 
    you out again, so I took the precaution of implanting the command that
    `Richard' is paralyzed. You are also extremely receptive to my
    suggestions. I said I was going to TALK to you from time to time,
    remember? You will just lie there, and I will do whatever I feel like
    doing to you; then `Amber' will come back, perfectly normal, and won't
    remember a thing. So, how is your `roomie', Jade?"

    "How did you know I was living with Jade?"

Janice winked at me.

    "Oh, I have my ways. The two of you were such randy little sluts
    before I changed you, I think it is just precious that my two gems,
    Amber and Jade, are shacking up together again. You have become quite
    the little whore, haven't you?"

    "You ought to know - you MADE me this way!"

She beamed down at me with glowing eyes.

    "Yes, I certainly did, didn't I? And I must confess, I REALLY like the
    results. Every time I see you, I get - ideas. Oh, did I tell you? I've
    taken a new lover. He's a football player, and a REAL stud. He's much
    more a man than you ever were - or ever will be again! Be a good girl,
    and I might share him with you."

The realization hit me like a ton of bricks. I WAS a girl now. Whether I 
liked it or not, my life was changed - forever. I couldn't even lift a
finger in protest! Tears welled up in my eyes.

    "There, there now; don't cry, Baby. It's all for the best. You really
    are happier now. Your life is so much simpler. All you have to do is
    fuck for a living. And you LOVE to fuck. You can't get enough. Now,
    sleep tight, and we'll talk again sometime. CHECK YOUR MAKE-UP, AMBER!"
 
    "Wha - Gee, I'm sorry, Janice! I must have dozed off. I guess I'm not
    getting my `beauty sleep'. Did I miss anything important?"

    "No, Dear, not at all. In fact, I was just commenting how good you
    looked today."

    "You really think so? I dressed JUST for you. I wanted you to be proud 
    of me."

She leaned forward in her chair, reached into my jacket with her right
hand, and fondled by breast through the silk camisole. The sensation was
incredible. The she kissed me softly on the lips.

    "Yes, Honey, I'm very proud. And more. A lot more."

I sighed expressively and pulled her down on top of me.

    "I was HOPING you would say that."
  
--
