Goat Sex



I have had sex with both male and female Goats, and like horses it 
doesn't seem to matter which animal, or which hole you use. They feel 
about the same.

I remember one He-Goat in particular. He was on a chain, so he was easy 
to get to. I would stand on his chain, until I could finally grab a 
horn. Then I grabbed a hind-leg with one hand, and a fore-leg with the 
other. It was easy to shove him onto his side. I held him there with my 
weight, while I pulled out my baggie of Vaseline (I always carried one 
when I went out "Prowling". You never know what you might find). Then I 
worked a finger's worth under his stubby tail, and finger-fucked him, to  
get him ready. Then I un-zipped my pants, and released my erection. It 
was easy to shift positions over the animal, so My cock was positioned 
under his tail. I just grabbed a hind-leg, and  using my weight, and 
sometimes a knee on the ground, shoved it into him. He always made a 
"Bleaaaa" sound, at first, but then was quiet. I would then lay on the 
ground beside him, one leg draped over his hind-quarters, and rub his 
side while I buggered him. He grunted on the in-stroke (Both the males 
and the females did this). Once I let the Goat up, and hunched over him,  
still butt-fucking him. Too hard on the knees. It is best to use a 
platform for this type of screwing.

There were only two problems with screwing Goats in the Ass. The Smell, 
and The Shit. Goat pellets are the smelliest things in the world.

That was (and if I ever get a Farm, Is) the reason I like She-Goats. 
They have one of the tightest, smoothest holes, it has ever been my 
pleasure to sink my cock into. They also Bleat when you sock-it-to-them,  
and grunt on the in-stroke.


