Archive-name: gumby

                --         |  I was fucked by GUMBY.
         ____/    |  - _   |
        /         | | |  | |  It was years after the TV series was set that
        | (0) (0) | |   /  | this disgusting thing occured, Gumby had grown
        |    o    | |  |   | up as had the boy owner of the books that Gumby,
     ___|  -___-  |_|  |   | Goo, Prickle and Pokey called home. That boy
    /                  |   | owner was now thirteen and Gumby was about 17 or
   |   _           ___/    | 18.
   |  | |         |        |  Anyhow, being a thirteen year old boy, he had
   |  | |         |        | porno magazines, which, like the other books in
   |   \|_        |        | the room, could come alive and be interacted with
    \    _|  6    |        | by Gumby.
     \__|         |        |  Gumby, being stuck in a children's book, didn't
        |  /| |\  |        | get much action so he was fairly desperate. He
        | |_| |_| |        | had given Prickle a poke and Pokey some of his
       |    |_|    |       | prick and he had also filled Goo with -er- goo,
       |    \_/    |       | but he wanted some real stuff- with a human.
       |     |     |       |  So, strolling around the room one day he
      |      |      |      | stumbled across the place where the boy hid his
      | :    | :    |      | pornos and he didn't waste anytime entering that
      | :... | :... |      | text.
      |______|______|      |  I was one of the guys in there making sure the
                           | girls got their fill.
---------------------------+  Gumby's groin bulged forward and his plasticine
penis became hard. Now, it was that all the orifices of the females were
already occupied by someone so Gumby had to choose something else to get into.
 This didn't worry him, though, he had only ever grown up with males: Prickle,
Pokey and the blockheads were all males and Goo- well- Goo was a lump of Play-
Doh.
 He looked around to find a male's orifice that was within reach and
accessable, apparently he chose me.
 I was too busy to notice him at first because, being a plasticine dick, he
had made it really thin and just slipped it in. It didn't take me long to
realise something was amiss, though, for, once he had it in me, he let it
expand.
 I'm not going to deny anything here- It felt good.
 When he had gotten to what felt like normal size (its hard to judge when you
cannot make a comparison) he sighed and asked "Can I go deeper?" Having never
been aroused like this before (fucking for a living takes the fun out of sex)
I didn't hesitate to say yes.
 I felt his plasticine manhood moving into me, through my anus, up my rectum,
into my intestines. My arse was crushing his dick and oh it felt good!
 It took him a long time to get through both my intestines and he stopped at
my duodenum. Then he stayed there awhile, sending ripples of plasticine up and
down his penis. Hmmmmmm.
 Then, suddenly, he began to withdraw, slowly at first then faster, and if you
have ever done this kinda stuff you'll know that this feels *great.*
 I had three orgasms, and boy did I scream with pleasure! I must have because
the boy owner heard me and picked up the porno. He stared down at us a while
then ripped his pants down and started thrashing himself.
 It was amazing! I had a guy (a Gumby) pulling his thirty foot dick out my
arse and I was watching a thirteen year old giant jerking off his immense
penis. I had another few screaming orgasms just to show the kid I appreciated
him.
 Then I felt Gumby come, pumping hot plasticine sperm into me for a few
seconds and then he was out of me and I could relax, or so I thought. It was
at that time that the kid came: it was frightening, I looked up and there was
this immense wall of come hurtling towards us. It splashed into the magazine
and filled up our photo. Lucky the girls were there to drink it all up, Gumby
helped a bit, too after he had tended to me.
 First, he asked whether I had enjoyed it. *YES!*
 Then he asked if he could retrieve his stuff. I nodded. He went behind me and
I felt his warm wet tongue lick my anus before entering. It, too, elongated
and went right up inside, searching for his tasty semen. I just quivered in
ecstacy as his tongue probed.
 When he was sastified that he had every drop, he pulled out and I came again.
 Then he gave me two dollars and left.
 My magazine (my home) was thrown out because the pages were stuck together.
 The boy grew up with a plasticine fetish and a homosexual tendency.
 And Gumby moved into the book called 'Atlas of the Human body.'

 Anyway, I need to go now, I have something to tend to.
 [   PS- the story- it's all true!  :-)   ]
