Written By:Napalm Death                                          [#001]
DISCLAMER:
This file, no matter what the contents of it is, is strictly 
for educational purposes only, so you will be ready. I would 
not suggest you try anything in here, unless you are willing 
to pay the consequences. If anything happens to you, in no way 
is the writer of this file, or SiA in any part responsible. 
Remember this disclamier as you read through the file, Enjoy.
                
                How to use a tester phone on a payphone

Okay, You probably all know what a test phone is, and how to 
make one, If not, a test phone is a phone that the phone 
company uses when they go up on the pole, They use it to test 
to see if the lines are working. How to make one is simple, 
Just get a touchtone phone (the ones with the keypad on the 
phone itself) and cut the cord, and attach alligator clips 
onto the wires. Now, You have an offical test phone. Here's 
how to get the free phone calls.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Equipment:
1. Test phone
2. Wire cutter
3. Wire stripper (or a knife)
4. Gloves (so you don't get electrcuted)

Okay, On some payphones the line comes in underground, or on 
alot, if you look-up you will see a black line going to a pay 
phone that looks like this:
 ]---------[
 ]---------[

Now, You have to find someway to get up there, Like stand on 
the booth or something. Now, with your wire cutters cut the 
wire, it will fall down, now, with the wire strippers (or a 
knife), cut open the wire and strip it, there will be two 
wires in there, now clip your tester phone onto that, and 
start dialing away.
