
   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

     ÚÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÛÜÄÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°ÄÄ¿
    ÚÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÄÛÛÛÄÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛßÄßÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°ÄÄ¿
   ÄÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÄÛÛÛÄÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²Û²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°ÄÄÄ
    ÀÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÄÛÛÛÄÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÜÄÜÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°ÄÄÙ
     ÀÄÄ°±²ÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÄßÛÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°Ä°±²ÛÛÛ²±°ÄÄÙ

            ³     "2 years is average for a EconomyMail "       ³
           ÀÅÙ        NeuroCactus Bulletin Number Eight        ÀÅÙ
                 - FRaCTaL iNSaNiTY - RiPMaX - DaTa KiNG -

   ³   ³   ³ N ³ E ³ U ³ R ³ O ³   ³   ³ C ³ A ³ C ³ T ³ U ³ S ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   [8.1] - Contents and Disclaimer
   ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
   [8.1]  - Contents and Disclaimer ................... Fractal Insanity
   [8.2]  - Neurocactus News .................................... Ripmax
   [8.3]  - VoiceMail, The Next Generation ... Fractal Insanity & Ripmax
   [8.4]  - Cellular Reprogramming Part 2 .................... Data King
   [8.5]  - Obtaining Underground Magazines and Files ........... Ripmax
   [8.6]  - Perth Payphone Update ............................... Ripmax
   [8.7]  - Making your own cards ............................... Wizard
   [8.8]  - NSW Telstra Base Stations .............. Wizard & Dataphobia
   [8.9]  - The State of things to come ......................... Ripmax
   [8.10] - Blood and end of an era ................... Fractal Insanity
   [8.11] - Greets and Contacting us .................. Neurocactus Team

   Attached Files
   ÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍÍ
   [Nc-Index] - Index to first 8 Issues of NC Bulletin .......... Ripmax


   Disclaimer:The content of this magazine (NC-008) is for informational
   purposes only and the articles described below cannot be condoned  by
   NeuroCactus and NeuroCactus does not partake in any of the succeeding
   activities. The authors accept no responsibility for loss of friends,
   loss of  freedom  or loss  of life  due to  the  illegal  use of  the
   activities described beyond. We do NOT do ANYTHING ILLEGAL!!!  If you
   think you have  malicious  intentions towards  the law or  any  other
   establishment, please do not read this file.

   This magazine in its electronic form can  not be  sold  without prior
   permission from the authors. It also may not be spread  via any  sort
   of Public Domain, Shareware or CD-ROM package. It maybe freely placed
   on any internet web/ftp  page  aslong as  the  file  remains  in  its
   entirity.


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

                    - [8.2] - NeuroCactus News - [8.2] -
                           - Written by Ripmax  -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   Again we welcome you all to Neurocactus Bulletin Number 8.  Well this
   issue was planned for release at christmas 96 but alas we have failed
   due to over partying and all the rest of the things  you do  over the
   festive season or three. I hope you all had a few good ones.

   Special thanks to all those who have used the NC  account and sent in
   mail to me. All been good so far. No one has left  non-anonymous mail
   to publish, but we encourage you to do so.  You can also send us mail
   via our EMAIL Addreses published at the bottom of the issue.

   News from the Fed market is analogue phone fraud! Fancy that. We have
   some interesting tit-bits further into the magazine.As always it pays
   to stay one step ahead of the fedz by having storys worked out and as
   always, *DONT* take big risks and NEVER abuse a good  thing  for  too
   long. Its better in the long run,  coz when  you get out of the scene
   you dont want a  nice  criminal  record to show to a future employer.

   Our planned editor for this issue Data King has been sacked after not
   even getting his first issue out! 8-) As usual its the boys from WA
   to get arse kicking equipment out and jump on some heads.Anyway enjoy
   this release because its probably our last (see my texts below).

   Special thanks to Wizard and ex-member Dataphobia for articles.


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

            - [8.3] - VoiceMail... the Next Generation - [8.3] -
                - Written by Fractal Insanity and Ripmax  -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   ADMIRALS LOG : Stardate 87242860/5060600918 (this looks familiar!)

   Our links to the hax0r networks have been taken out by a blast from a
   alien beam. Some new technology spacetime worm has attempted to take
   control of our systems. Unfortunately the 8800MOT Interstellar transmitter
   has been disabled. We are currently trashing some new sectors in hope
   of gaining the information required to get us operational once more.

   ABOARD THE LSD

   "Captain FraC, any sign of the information yet?" asked Admiral Ripmax.

   "Were in the final phase of scanning now," exclaimed Captain FraC,

   "Ensign Dataking how is the scan of the telco sector going?"

   "Captain there is a shit load of info in here, we could be scanning
   paper work for the next month, If the telco had any method of organizing
   anything we may have a time reference to work on"

   "We dont have a month Ensign, Its time to call in some help here,"
   said Captain Frac.

   "Who do you suggest?," asked Admiral Ripmax.

   "A friend of mine from the Academy Days, Commander MalicE, I'll get him
   here within the next few hours"

   <A Few hours later through Random wormhole>

   "Hey, Roxering and stuff guys, wassup" says MalicE

   "We've got a 2-Bit Space-time network worm busting up our communic-
   ations. We blocked its attempts to get at our other systems but we cant
   get the infos to get rid of the thing", said Admiral Ripmax

   "I can bustup any two bit space-worms " randomly commented from MalicE
   as he jumps on a console. "This is the ZidZil worm. I've seen this before.
   any close ships we can transmit this to?"

   "Scanning for vessels in proximty to us," exclaimed ensign Dataking.
   "Missing Link is as usual trying to track us, location on monitors now"

   20 seconds later the Forward Device Array gets cranking and the
   Space-time network worm is beamed out from the LSD... towards the
   Missing Link.

   "Suck on this Fedz, ya dumb wannerbees" laughs MalicE.

   "Catcha l8rs, dudez" says MalicE before he begins beam out. Moments
   later the Shuttle craft C7 decloaks and jumps off at Warp 69.

   ABOARD THE MISSING LINK

   "So Ken what are we up to today?" grunted Neil Cambell

   "Perhaps we can tune into some intergalaxy sex lines again"

   "Kewl shit Ken, they always turn me on. I'll go over to the computer"
   , says Neil.

   Neil wanders on over to the LinuxBox-1.0.9 and disables shields
   so that they can tap Subspace communications.

   Seconds later.... "Duuhhh... Ken, I appear to be detecting some sort of
   virus on incoming packets...Is that a problem.???" asks Neil.

   "Err... nar, mcAfees TSR Virus shit will stop that" claims Ken.

   "You stupid fuckstick Ken, mcAfee is a piece of shit" yells Neil.

   "Fuck you Neil, just shuttup and tune into those partylines"

   Whilst the boys are arguing the Missing Link is hit by a spacetime worm
   and system by system start going dead.

   "Doh, you dumb cunt Neil, can't you do anything right!?!?" yells Ken.

   "Shuttup Ken, I can't see shit, wheres the light switch?? I think..."

   Before Neil can finish his sentence wierd lights and shit start happening
   from within the replicators.

   "AARRGHH!! Ken!!! WHAT THE FUCK ARE THEY!!?!?!" screams Neil.

   About 10 wierd looking creatures start popping out of replicators, their
   Space-time network worm had haxored the ship computer and was now making
   aliens.  They had badass guns and were blowing shit up... Cracking sounds
   happened as the aliens legs snapped back.

   "WE ARE THE ZidZils AND WE ARE GUNNA MAKE YOU PISS!" Say the creatures in
    wierd voices.

   "Oh shit!! We're whoomped! I'm outta here" yells Neil, as he jumps into
   an escape pod.

   "Wait for me Neil honey!!" screams Ken, but Neil doesn't give a shit,
   and seals the escape pod.

   As Neil's escape pod blasts off and heads for FEDeration HQ, he sees Ken get
   booted out of the Missing Link by some random alien, his body floating around
   in space before finally the Missing Link explodes into 1 million fiery pieces
   (that took a long time to count you know).

   The End (or so we can only wish).

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

             - [8.4] - Cellular Reprogramming Part 2 - [8.4] -
                          - Written by Data King -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

                           Motorola Brick Phones


   Usage of Cellular Telephones
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   I do not condone or encourage any person, living or dead, to use the
   information contained with in this article for any illegal purpose.
   (See NeuroCactus Main Disclaimer)

   If you are considering reprogramming a cellular phone with another
   persons details and then fraudulently calling your friends all over
   the world, forget it!

   Every number you call will show up in their records as well as the
   cellular cell that you called from and any subsequent cells you moved
   to. You will get caught, don't do it.


   Identifying a Suitable Brick Phone
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   In a previous issue of NeuroCactus (Issue 6), I detailed how I modified
   a Motorola Bag phone, since then I have been experimenting further and
   have now successfully reprogrammed a Motorola Brick phone.

   These phones are common in their modern form, however the phone which I
   used was one of the older type, which I call a "fat-brick", they are
   taller and fatter than the modern bricks.

   In achieving this modification I used two fones, the first was one
   bought cheaply by myself, it unfortunately had a modern ROM, that
   could not be used to reprogram the ESN/MIN, however it was socketed
   and it is a 27C256, unlike the bag phones, which are a 27C512 ROM.

   The second brick phone was a slightly older model and was loaned to
   me by a friend for a short time, I'd just like to say thanks to this
   person, even if you don't know why I wanted your phone.

   The first phone I got was grey and had a model number of S3015A, the
   second was beige and its model number was unreadable, however it did
   not have a FCN (Function) button, this is probably a safe way of
   telling if the phone has an old enough ROM version. The second phone
   is the preferable model to use as it has an early enough ROM version
   already in it. It is easy to change the ROM once you get into the
   phone, however getting in and out of the phone without wrecking it is
   NOT easy.


   Equipment Used
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   The following equipment is a list of the equipment that I have
   personally used to reprogram a Motorola Bag Fone.

   1 x Motorola Brick Fone
   1 x Reprogramming Cable (See next Section)
   1 x Mot911 Software (Motorola V9.11 Reprogramming SW)
   1 x 286 8MHz PC running MS-DOS
   1 x 7.5 Volt Brick Phone Battery
   1 x Pre 9122 Motorola EPROM (I used v9027 of the EPROM)


   Building a Reprogramming Cable
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   A reprogramming cable is not difficult to make, I used the following
   components:

   1 x Male D Connector (25 Pin)
   1 x Female D Connector (25 Pin)
   2 x D Shells (25 Pin)
   1 x 30cm of 7 Core Cable


   The diagram of the cable I used is slightly different to what is
   commonly available on the net:

        Computer            Back of Transceiver
        Printer Port        Upper Section Near
        (Male DB 25)        the Ariel


         1<-->K         o o o    o o o
         2<-->F         A B C    D E F
         3<-->C
         4<-->D         o o o    o o o
        12<-->J         G H I    J K L
        13<-->H
        18<-->G

   It is a very simple cable to build, and there are a couple of ways
   to do it, if I had been planning on doing many modifications I would
   of used a handsfree adaptor kit as they are easily modified to suit
   the above and supply power. However as I had no need to make many
   modification, after all I was doing it purely as a test, I simply
   soldered the wires directly onto the phone.

   To supply power to the phone, all you need to do with this method is
   gently slide the battery up until it touch's the battery contacts on
   the transceiver, do not however push it all the way up as you will
   probably break the wires.


   Reprogramming
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~

   I am not going detail the use of the MOT911 software again, if you are
   curious as to how it works, then please see my article in NeuroCactus
   Issue 6.

   The only difference between programming the bag phone and the brick
   phone with this software is the type of phone selected, for a bag
   phone select option three (3), for a brick phone select option two
   (2).


   Conclusion
   ~~~~~~~~~~

   Once again the above can be used to modify the various options of
   your phone when you purchase new equipment for it, however don't
   forget what I said in the disclaimer, using the above information
   for changing the ESN/MIN is illegal, DON'T DO IT. (Don't forget
   the free scotch(s) if we ever meet.)


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

       - [8.5] - Obtaining Underground Magazines and Files - [8.5] -
                           - Written by Ripmax -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   Have you often read a magazine and wanted  more issues?  Perhaps  you
   want to get into the Hack/Phreak scene a bit more but dont  know how.
   Maybe you just want to start collecting some  files to  trade..  Well
   heres the article to get you on your way with the  best public  sites
   around. Well with everyone on the net these days I've  decided to  do
   an article on where to find hack/phreak magazines and files.

   The first chart details some cool Hack/phreak magazine sites that are
   still making issues for the underground users.  These sites  are  all
   checked. I'm not  doing  a  listing  of  all magazines, only those  I
   feel relevant to the  underground  scene. If people want CUD etc they
   can find them elsewhere. I have included  both  the  FTP and WWW
   adresses where possible as some sites FTP's are so damn slow these
   days.

   The second chart contains a few sites with LARGE  archives  of  older
   magazines. Also to be found  on  these  sites  can  be  miscellaneous
   other hpa files. Just check one of these out and you have an  instant
   textfile collection. The last part deals with  some  Web  sites  that
   have cool files to download from.

   All sites will be listed in alphabetical order.  If you get  some new
   issues dont forget to upload them  to  my BBS  if I  dont  have  them
   allready! 8-) Now no one can say where do I get some files off of the
   internet.

                               .-----------.
                               | MAGAZINES |
    .--------------------------v-----------v--------------------------.
    | TITLE        | GROUP/AUTHOR | HOW |  SITE/DIRECTORY             |
    <----------------------------------------------------------------->
    | 40Hex        | Phacom/Skism | FTP | aql.gatech.edu:/pub/virii   |
    |              |              | WWW | www.phantom.com/~fortyhex   |
    | CoTNo        | CoTNo        | FTP | etext.archive.umich.edu     |
    |              |              |     | /pub/Zines/CoTNo            |
    | Crypt        | Urnst Kouch  | WWW | sun.soci.niu.edu/~crypt     |
    | Neurocactus  | Neurocactus  | WWW | inf.net.au/~ripmax          |
    | Phrack       | Phrack       | FTP | ftp.fc.net/pub/phrack       |
    |              |              | WWW | www.fc.net/phrack.html      |
    | VLAD         | Virus Labs   | FTP | ftp.fc.net/pub/deadkat/vlad |
    |              |              | WWW | nether.net/~halflife        |
    `-------------------------.-------------.-------------------------'
                              | FTP and WWW |
    .-------------------------v-------------v-------------------------.
    | SITE                        |  DIRECTORY                        |
    <-----------------------------------------------------------------|
    | etext.archive.umich.edu     | /pub/Zines                        |
    | kragar.eff.org              | /pub/publications/CuD             |
    | hyperreal.com               | /drugs                            |                                    |
    | SITE                                                            |
    <----------------------------------------------------------------->
    | www.xcitement.com/virus                                         |
    | www.paranoia.com                                                |
    `-----------------------------------------------------------------'

   *** This list was a lot larger but over the 3 years since it was
   written a lot of the ftp sites have disappeared. ***


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

                 - [8.6] - Perth Payphone Update - [8.6] -
                           - Written by Ripmax -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   Heres another fine update to the Perth Payphone listing. Thanks to an
   anonymous user using the NC account on the BBS with a upload of other
   payphones from WA. The list did contain some  of  the  ones  released
   from previous NC issues.

   If there is anyreaders out there who have other payphone listings for
   Perth or infact any other state, please dont  hesitate to  forward it
   to me for release is a future issue  of the  magazine.  You  will  of
   course be credited for the information (unless you dont wish it).

   I've also noticed that quite a few payphones now report there number
   as 9300-**** so you cant actually get the number. Usually phones that
   are located in areas close to important buildings like court houses
   and police stations etc etc.

   * = New for this Issue.

   West Australia
   ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 * 09-221-2642 Perth Train Station, Centre Platform Westrail
 * 09-221-2645 Perth Train Station, Payphone outside
   09-221-2748 Perth Train Station, Next to vending Machine on Main Platform
 * 09-221-3189 St.Georges Terrace, Inside Concert Hall
 * 09-221-3426 Perth Train Station, Outside Old Sinataras Pub [1/2]
   09-221-3427 Perth Train Station, Outside Old Sinataras Pub [2/2]
 * 09-221-3802 St.Georges Terrace, Facing to Law courts
 * 09-221-5702 Forrest Chase, Upper Walkway [1/2]
 * 09-221-5703 Forrest Chase, Upper Walkway [2/2]
   09-221-5886 Hay St Mall, Opposite Hoyts Cinema
   09-276-7645 Morley Area, Near Galleria
   09-300-0419 Jonndalup Train Station [1/2] (Closest to Ticket Counter)
   09-300-0417 Joondalup Train Station [2/2]
 * 09-316-1380 Applecross, Unknown
   09-316-2160 Garden City Shopping Centre, Food Hall near ATM Machine
 * 09-321-1971 Perth Bus Station, Stand alone
 * 09-321-1983 Perth Bus Station, Busport circle
 * 09-321-1986 Perth Bus Station, Busport circle
   09-322-4510 Murry St Perth (Opposite Fast Eddies/Zone3) [1/2]
   09-322-4512 Murry St Perth (Opposite Fast Eddies/Zone3) [2/2]
   09-325-8686 Hay St Mall, Cinema City End
 * 09-330-6101 Attadale, Unknown
   09-339-5277 Outside Red Rooster in East Fremantle
   09-339-8054 Action Food Barns East Fremantle Foyer
 * 09-367-8210 South Perth, Unknown
   09-384-7799 Perth Royal Show, Outside Robinson Pavillion and Red Rooster
 * 09-474-2053 South Perth, Unknown
 * 09-481-4159 St.Georges Terrace, Opposite Central Park Building
 * 09-481-4158 St.Georges Terrace, Singapore Air [1/2]
 * 09-481-4162 St.Georges Terrace, Singapore Air [2/2]
 * 09-481-4160 St.Georges Terrace, QV1 Building [1/2]
 * 09-481-4161 St.Georges Terrace, QV1 Building [2/2]
   09-490-3530 Gosnells Shopping Centre Carpark, Ashburton Road,Gosnells
 * 095-81-2657 Mandurah Town, Dower ST Mandurah


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

          - [8.7] - How to make your own security cards, - [8.7] -
                       Phone cards, and bus tickets.
                           - Written by WiZarD -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ


                             - The Basics -

Bus tickets, phone cards and credit cards all contain atleast one thin
strip of magnetic media stuck to one side of the card. Sometimes this is
not visible, in the case of phone cards, but it can normally be seen as
a black line, about 6mm across, running the length of the card. It is
this strip that contains all of the information stored on the card. In
the case of a bus ticket it is simply the amount of trips remaining, the
last time it was validated (date & time), the type of ticket
(student/concession/standard), and often a serial number to indicate
where the ticket was purchased. It is also possible to store the
location of the last place the ticket was validated, ie. the station
number, or the bus number. With all this information it has become very
easy for inspectors to tell whether the your ticket is valid or not.
However if you create your own tickets this sort of thing will no longer
be a problem.

Phone cards contain information about AutoDial numbers, the original
value of the ticket, the remaining value, a serial number, and it is
also possible to store the last number that was dialled using the card.
However credit cards are a bit more complex. On all credit cards and ATM
cards there are three strips containing the information, although in
most cases only two of the strips are used. The first of these stripes
is known as "IATA" is used to store your name, and personal information.
The second stripe is known as "ABA", this contains all of the good stuff
like the card number, account number, and the pin number (sorry it's
encrypted, they're not going to make it too easy!). The final stripe is
not normally used, but was intended as a place to record ATM
transactions that could not be recorded by the banks computers, ie. when
the card was used after hours while the computers were offline, however
now the systems are kept online 24 hours a day so this strip has become
unnecessary. Credit cards are a rather complex topic and i don't have
time to go into anymore detail at the moment, so for this file I will
try to concentrate on bus tickets, however i will try to release a file
in the next few months that only deals with credit cards.

                      - How the data is stored. -

Understanding the method in which the data is stored on the ticket is
the key to understanding how they work and how they can be reproduced.
The strip, or track, uses very similar material to that used in cassette
tapes and floppy disks. This is a ferromagnetic media that is formed by
adding particles, no larger than 8 millionths of a centimetre long, to a
very thin resin which is then hardened. These particles when exposed to
a magnetic field remain magnetised after the field has been removed,
this is why cards are able to hold the information indefinitely. To put
it simply the information is just a series of north and south magnetic
fields arranged in varying orders. It is actually possible to view these
fields by covering the track in a very thin covering of very fine iron
filings. If you are able to do this you should find that it looks
something like this:

             Header               Data              Footer
                3                  3                  3
                3   UA¨   3
                   3                             3   
                                                 
             §33§§3§§§§3§33§§3§3§3§§333§§3§§


                   Insert this way 

Take note that this is a simplified diagram, on most bus tickets there
is over 100 bars, not including the 20 header and 20 footer bars. Data
is written from the left to the right and almost always starts and
finishes with a header and a footer. These are used to line the ticket
up when being read so that the device knows where to start looking for
the information. The bars are formed at every change in the polarity of
the magnetic field, as indicated in the following diagram.

                  S     S   S S   S   S S S   S     S
                                           
               <>
                 U U   U U U   U U U U     U U U   U U
                 U U   U U U   U U U U     U U U   U U
                 U U   U U U   U U U U     U U U   U U
                 U U   U U U   U U U U     U U U   U U
               <>
                                             
                N   N N   N     N   N       N   N N   N

When the normal polarity arrangement, of North - South - North - South,
is interrupted by two or more of the same polarities occurring side by
side, the result is a "missing" bar or bars. This is what the readers
are looking for. The way in which the readers work is by using the
header information to position themselves at the start of the data, and
then use a very accurate timing device to calculate their position as
the ticket is moved across the head. At every time interval the head
reads the ticket and logs the "bit", as either a 1, in the case of North
- North or South - South polarities, and a 0 in the case of the normal
North - South arrangement. It then continues to move until the next time
interval is reached, at which point it reads the ticket and logs the
result. This process continues until the footer info is reached. After
the data is processed the ticket is then written to in much the same way
as it is read. The ticket is aligned again and then moved across the
write head until the correct time interval is reached, the head then
changes the data by changing the polarity to either a North or South
direction. This continues until the updated info has all been written to
the ticket and the ticket is ejected.

                          - The Data itself -

Unfortunately, rather being in a simple binary form, the data found on
most magnetic cards is encoded using one of several different methods.
With the exception of credit cards (which are standardised), it is
normaly left up to the company who produces the system to select, or
create, an encoding method. The result of this is a multiple number of
systems that just make it harder to understand, and decode, the data
from one card to the next. This also means that you wont be able to read
the data from a bus ticket by using a credit card decoder, and vice
versa.

However, if your lucky enough to live in either SA or Tas you've got
your work cut out for you! Both SA and Tas use the same transit
ticketing systems, and this system has been decoded!

The following is the bitstream of a SA/Tas unused multitrip transit
ticket:

00000000 00100000 00000000 00000000 00000000 00001010 00000011 00000000

The same ticket when used:

11111100 00100000 10110101 01100101 10001110 10000000 10001011 00000111

breaking it down:

Bits   Data       Description
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
1-2    11 =       checksum
3-4    11 =       Zone (3)
5-8    1100 =     (add to bit 41)
9-16   00100000 = Ticket type (concession multitrip)
17-22  101101 =   minute (45)
23-27  01011 =    hour (11:00)
28-32  00101 =    Day (05)
33-40  10001110 = (add to bits 55-56)
41     1 =        FD (add to bits 5-8 = 20)
42-48  0000000 =  Trips left (0)
49     1 =        Unknown
50-54  00010 =    Month (02)
55-56  11 =       Route+run number (add to bits 33-40 = 910+007)
57-64  00000111 = unknown


Ticket types

 Single trip
 00100111 regular
 00001101 regular interpeak
 00000001 regular no transfer
 00001000 regular daytrip
 00101000 concession
 00001110 concession interpeak
 00101101 conc daytrip
 00000101 student

 Multitrips
 00010111 regular
 00011001 student
 00011000 concession
 00100000 conc interpeak


 00111111 blank ticket

Thanx must go out to Dataphobia for the many late nights he spent
decoding the above bitstreams. Without his help I would have never got
past staring at raw 'garbage'.

                       - How to make your own! -

Now for the bit you've been waiting for... How to make your own. Well
there are several ways that you can go, but unfortunately they all
require at least a basic understanding of electronics. But it doesn't
take a technician to it. All you really need to know is how to solder
some wires, but understanding the fundamentals would be a great help. If
you think that your up to it, or if you think you can find someone to do
it for you, read on.

                              - Method 1 -

The first method is the least complicated, but is not guaranteed. All it
requires is an old deck to deck tape recorder, a bit of wood and super
glue, some wire, and a Data write head. The data write head is the only
problem you should have, unfortunately the quality of most audio heads
is two low and you will find that it may not be able to change the
magnetic polarity enough so that it can be read correctly. To obtain
these heads you will need to try and find a company that deals in
"Magnetic technologies", "magnetic data equipment", or if your lucky you
might be able to find a "disposals" auction where you MIGHT be able to
pick up a cheap security card swipe device or something along those
lines. Once you have everything it is simply a matter of removing the
read head from one of the decks. This is the small silver box located
down the bottom of the deck near the middle, that moves forward when you
press play. It should only have two wires coming from it and no more
that two screws holding it in. Now you need to disconnect the two wires
running to the write head on the other deck. This head will ONLY move
forward when record is pressed and is normally made from white plastic.
Once you have done this it its time to set up the heads.

The idea is to position the heads exactly opposite each other so that
they will pass over two tickets placed side by side at exactly the same
time. To do this, take the piece of wood (a ruler will do if your REALLY
desperate) and glue the read head from the cassette to one side and the
data write head to the other side. If you do it correctly you will be
able to stick two tickets to a piece of cardboard and, holding the end
of the piece of wood, move both heads over the magnetic strips, so that
they are always making contact and start and finish at the same time.

Now for the electronics. Get yourself a soldering iron and connect the
wires coming from the recorder part of the tape deck to the data write
head. It's pretty hard to stuff this up, but just incase your having
problems, you need to remove a little of the plastic covering the wires
and then taking one wire at a time hold it onto one of the connections
on the head (there should only be two) and solder away. Then repeat this
with the other wire on the other connection. The read head should still
be connected, which means your ready to go.

Now its simply a matter of getting a new ticket and one of your old ones
that you've been getting your friends to collect for you, and place them
side by side. I've found that it's easer to put them on a piece of
styrofoam and use pins around them (not through them) to hold them down,
this means that they can be pushed down a bit so that both the heads
make a good contact. You will either need to overlap the tickets or use
a spacer between one of the heads and the piece of wood so that the
heads pass EXACTLY over both the tracks at the same time. Then all you
need to do is press play on the READ part of the tape deck and RECORD on
the write part (u may need to push the lever up the top of the deck down
so that it thinks there is a tape in there. Or just leave a tape in it,
it wont get erased). Now, holding the end of the wood, move both the
heads across the tickets. Make sure that you start at the beginning and
move ALL the way along the track, and make sure you get the tickets
around the right way (read head on the NEW ticket), or you will end up
copying the used ticket! btw, its a good idea to erase the used ticket
first, by moving a magnet from one end of the track to the other. And
thats IT!... you now should have a brand new ticket!

If you find it didn't work try it again a couple of times. If it still
stuffs up you may need to use the circuit below.

                              - Method 2 -

Now for method two. This is the best of the two but it requires a fairly
good understanding of electronics. If you find that you dont understand
it go to an electronics store and buy a book about "beginning in
Electronics", or something like that, and have a read. If you still have
problems its not worth even trying, because unless you get everything
right it just wont work, and you may find that you've waisted your time
and your hard earned money. If your still reading you must be either
very determined to do this or have a very good knowledge of electronics,
or both. All i can say is best of luck and tell me if you have any
success.

The following is a schematic of the circuit you will need to build. I
recommend that you make a printed circuit board to put it on and make
sure you can get all the components before you start. The basic
principle is that by using an "op-amp" you can amplify the signal
created in the read head to a level where it is strong enough to be used
by the write head. To do this properly you should only use DATA read and
write heads. The circuit uses an ic that contains two op-amps, both of
which are used. To prevent the signal from amplifying too much, both
op-amps have there output feed back to the input via a resister and a
cap. The 10k variable is used to set the output at the level which is
found to be the best for both the heads and the type of tickets. The
circuit requires a +9V and a -9V supply so two batteries are used for
this. Aside from that it should be rather self explanatory.


                   +     820                           3
     U)Aööö¨                       ¨
     3          1F      33k 3                        3KEY:                 3
     3                Uööö'                        3    ööö Resistor     3
     3                3      3                        3                     3
     3                A§'                        3    § Capacitor    3
     3      330 +     3 390pF3                        3                     3
     3  Uööö'(A¨   3             .1F       3       + Electrolitic3
     3  3      3.3F U33A§¨       3    )A Capacitor   3
     3  3      U333¨      3     3       3                     3
     3  3      3   UAAAA¨    I+9v  3       3     3               3
     3        3   3 8   7   6   5 3    ¥-    3       3     I+ Battery      3
     3      3   3    op-amp     3    3     3       3     ¥-  - 9v        3
     3        3   3 4558 or equiv 3    A¨    3     3               3
     3  3Write 3   3 1   2   3   4 3    3     3  3    3                     3
     3  3head  3   AAAAAU    I+    3  3    3                    3
     3  3           3   3   3   3      ¥-9v  3  3    3      Read/Write  3
     AAöööAU   3   3   3      3     3  3    3           head     3
     3        10k 3      3   3   AA§U  3    3                     3
     3            3 390pF3   3             .1F  3    3     UAAAA¨       3
     3            A§'   3                   3    3     3  4558 3 op-amp3
     3            3      3   3                   3    3     AAAAAU   IC  3
     3            Aööö'   3                   3    3                     3
     3               33k 3   3                   3    3                     3
     3           +       3   3                   3    AU
     A)AöööU   3                   3
     3       1F     820    3                   3
     3                      3                   3
     AU                   3
     3            read head                [WiZ]3
     AU


Unfortunately it is the best that I could do, short of making a gif. If
it looks shocking, you will need to change the display to 50 lines, if
you want to have any chance of making sense out of it.

The op-amp should be available from most electronics store for a couple
of dollars, if they dont have one ask them to look up the equivalents
and then buy one of them. All up the components (excluding the heads)
and the pcb should not cost you anymore than $10 (about the cost of 2
bus tickets =] ). There is no switch for the unit but it isn't too hard
to disconnect the batteries when you've finished using it. Everything
else after this point is the same as the first method. Its just a matter
of attaching the heads to the piece of wood and running them over the
tickets. But once again, make sure you get the heads around the right
way, so you dont copy the used ticket, and it is a good idea to wipe the
old ticket first using a magnet.

                            - Phone cards -

By now you should be able go and buy a new bus ticket for the very last
time and copy it onto every other ticket you can find. But by now you
will have realised that this method could also be used on phone cards as
well as bus tickets. Well your right. And theres much more money that
can be made by selling phone cards too.

Phone cards use two strips, one containing the remaining credit and
original card value, the other contains stored phone numbers (autocall
numbers), and the total amount that has been 'debited' from the card. As
per normal, the data is arranged into several fields which are dedicated
to containing certain information.

For example, it is believed that the first two blocks, on track 1,
contain the total value of the card. Blocks 4 through 14 contain the
remaining value. On track 2 there are seven blocks of varying sizes, the
first two contain information that is yet to be decoded (possibly a
serial number), the second two blocks are for the autocall numbers. The
final three blocks contain information written to the card by the phone
itself, this includes autocall flags, and is believed to include a date
of last use and a checksum.

A contact inside telstra also informs me that there is provision for the
the card to contain information regarding competitions and promotions
(first two blocks on track two). In theory the card can become a lottery
ticket, the payphone telling you if and what you've won. This info is
yet to be confermed, and it is not expected that telstra will be putting
it to use for a while to come.

The following is the bitstream of a $5 card (thanx to Predator):

Track 1

 Header
 .9.1.7.1.1.1.1.1.3.7.3.13.1(clock pulses)9 }     Original card
 .9.1.7.1.1.1.1.1.3.7.3.13.1(clock pulses)9 }         value.
 .3.1.1.9.3.1.1.1.1.7.9.1.1.1.1."                     unknown
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.9.11.1.1.1.1."                          $5.00
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.7.1.1.9.1.1.1.1."                       $4.50
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.1.1.3.13.1.1.1.1."                      $4.00
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.5.1.3.1.9.1.1.1.1."                     $3.50
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.11.1.1.1.1."                  $3.00
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.1.1.1.3.1.9.1.1.1.1."                   $2.50
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.5.15.1.1.1.1."                          $2.00
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.3.1.5.9.1.1.1.1."                       $1.50
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.1.3.3.11.1.1.1.1."                      $1.00
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.1.3.1.1.1.9.1.1.1.1."                   $0.50
 .1.1.9.3.1.1.3.1.1.13.1.1.1.1."                      $0.00 Expired
 Footer

Track 2

 Header
 .11.5.3.1.1.5.1.1.1.3.1.1.1.1.7.1.7.1.17.1.3.3.7.1.21.3.13.1.3.3.1.3.1.1.1.9.1
 .11.5.5.1.3.3.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.1.5.1.5.3.3.1.19.1.3.1.13.3.1.1.1.1.5.1.1.3.15.1.9.9
 .(approx 120 clock pulses)
 .9.1.9.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.1.1.7.9.(clock pulses)10
 .9.1.9.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.5.3.1.1.7.9.(clock pulses)10
 .17.1.1.1.1.3.3.1.3.3.5.1.1.3.1.1.7.1.9.1.1.1.1.9.(clock pulses)10
 .11.5.5.1.13.1.1.1.1.1.3.3.1.1.3.5.9.1.5.9.(clock pulses)10
 .17.1.3.1.13.1.5.1.3.3.1.3.1.5.13.1.1.9.(approx 41 clock pulses)
 Footer


The group of 120 clock pulses separate the 'permanent' data from the
data that is written to the track by the phone. Obviously this data
would include the autocall number (center two lines), which in this case
has been left in the original, 'blank' form.

Copying these cards should be rather straight forward using the above
methods. The only thing you may need to change is the spacing of the
heads so that they run over the phone card tracks. The best way to setup
an operation such as this would be to go out once and buy a single $50
or $100 phone card and a dozen or so $2 phone cards. Then go home and
wipe the $2 cards and replace the data with that on the high value card.
Doing this could result in quite a nice amount of income for yourself.

                              - Warning -

But a word of warning; This exact operation was setup by a small group
of people several years ago. They changed $2 cards into $50 cards and
then sold them for $20 each. But their instant income stopped flowing
one day after about 2 years of success and only 3 months of a federal
investigation. To the best of my knowledge they are all still serving
prison terms for there "High Tech" adventures. However they must be
congratulated, although they only lasted for 2 years they managed to
conduct everything from right under the noses of the enemy... They were
already in jail!

                                - BYE! -

I'll be releasing a couple of new files in the near future, just as soon
as i get the opportunity. One of them will probably be the follow up to
this file, dedicated to Credit card copying. If you've got any questions
about this or related topics i'll do my best to help you. But don't come
crying to me saying "I can't get it to work". To anyone who is
successful in making this, it would be great to hear some feedback or
comments and suggestions from you. I can be contacted on The ZeNitH in
SA, DS2 in WA or at Wizard@hpaus.net.


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ
                                                              
              - [8.8] - NSW Base Station Listing - [8.8] -
                       for Telstra's AMPS Network

                 - Written by The WiZarD & Dataphobia -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

The Following is a listing of every AMPS base station located in New
South Wales. All ID codes are outlined at the top of the list. We intend
to try to type up, and release, listings for atleast South Aust and
Victoria for NC9 & NC10 respectivly.

Thanx must go out to our great friends at Telstra for their assistance in
assembling this list. :)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------
MCSS           - Four alpha switching centre name

LRD CODE       - Link Route Details - Unique code to identify base
                 stations

ROUTE CODE     - Link Route Details of the Base Station Controller used by
                 the base station

ZOO            - Zone of Origin

SID            - Service Indicator 

CNA            - Australian area code associated with the central zone of the
                 service area

BILLING NAME   - Location name used for billing purposes

B-STATION NAME - Name of the site where the base station is located

MSA            - Mobile Service Area associated with the Analogue Switch
------------------------------------------------------------------------------

MSSC LRD   ROUTE ZOO SID  CNA BILLING NAME BASE STATION NAME    MSA

HAYM AUSC0 AUSC61 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  AUSTRAL #            CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM BAGH1 BAGH43 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BAGH2 BAGH44 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BAGH3 BAGH45 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BAGH4 BAGH61 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BAGH5 BAGH62 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BAGH6 BAGH63 01 8321 02  CAMPBELLTWN  BADGELLY HILL        SYDNEY
HAYM BATE0 BATE57 08 8439 044 BATEMAN BAY  BATEMANS BAY         BATEMANS BAY
HAYM BEPB1 BEPB46 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BELMORE PICKLES      SYDNEY
HAYM BEPB2 BEPB47 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BELMORE PICKLES      SYDNEY
HAYM BEPB3 BEPB48 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BELMORE PICKLES      SYDNEY
HAYM BKCR1 BKCR58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN #          SYDNEY
HAYM BKCR2 BKCR59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN #          SYDNEY
HAYM BKCR3 BKCR60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN #          SYDNEY
HAYM BKTB1 BKTB46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BLAKEHURST #         SYDNEY
HAYM BKTB2 BKTB47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BLAKEHURST #         SYDNEY
HAYM BKTB3 BKTB48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BLAKEHURST #         SYDNEY
HAYM BKTP0 BKTP22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   BERKLEY TOPS         WOLLONGONG
HAYM BLIA1 BLIA22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   BULLI SRA            WOLLONGONG
HAYM BLIA2 BLIA23 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   BULLI SRA            WOLLONGONG
HAYM BOTS1 BOTS46 01 8321 02  BOTANY       BOTANY               SYDNEY
HAYM BOTS2 BOTS47 01 8321 02  BOTANY       BOTANY               SYDNEY
HAYM BOTS3 BOTS48 01 8321 02  BOTANY       BOTANY               SYDNEY
HAYM BSHC1 BSHC58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BASS HILL            SYDNEY
HAYM BSHC2 BSHC59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BASS HILL            SYDNEY
HAYM BSHC3 BSHC60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BASS HILL            SYDNEY
HAYM BVHB1 BVHB46 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BEVERLEY HILLS       SYDNEY
HAYM BVHB2 BVHB47 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BEVERLEY HILLS       SYDNEY
HAYM BVHB3 BVHB48 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BEVERLEY HILLS       SYDNEY
HAYM BYRL1 BYRL46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BEXLEY RSL           SYDNEY
HAYM BYRL2 BYRL47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BEXLEY RSL           SYDNEY
HAYM BYRL3 BYRL48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      BEXLEY RSL           SYDNEY
HAYM CABB1 CABB07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CABRAMATTA           SYDNEY
HAYM CABB2 CABB08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CABRAMATTA           SYDNEY
HAYM CABB3 CABB09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CABRAMATTA           SYDNEY
HAYM CAGH1 CAGH16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CARINGBAH            SYDNEY
HAYM CAGH2 CAGH17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CARINGBAH            SYDNEY
HAYM CAGH3 CAGH18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CARINGBAH            SYDNEY
HAYM CAMP1 CAMP46 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CAMPSIE              SYDNEY
HAYM CAMP2 CAMP47 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CAMPSIE              SYDNEY
HAYM CAMP3 CAMP48 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CAMPSIE              SYDNEY
HAYM CCLP1 CCLP07 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    CECIL PARK           SYDNEY
HAYM CCLP2 CCLP08 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    CECIL PARK           SYDNEY
HAYM CCLP3 CCLP09 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    CECIL PARK           SYDNEY
HAYM CDPK1 CDPK58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    CONDELL PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM CDPK2 CDPK59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    CONDELL PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM CDPK3 CDPK60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    CONDELL PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM CGNC1 CGNC07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CHIPPING NORTON      SYDNEY
HAYM CGNC2 CGNC08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CHIPPING NORTON      SYDNEY
HAYM CGNC3 CGNC09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CHIPPING NORTON      SYDNEY
HAYM CMOC0 CMOC46 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   COMO #               SYDNEY
HAYM CNCR1 CNCR16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CRONULLA #           SYDNEY
HAYM CNCR2 CNCR17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CRONULLA #           SYDNEY
HAYM CNCR3 CNCR18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   CRONULLA #           SYDNEY
HAYM CRMC1 CRMC22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   CORRIMAL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM CRMC2 CRMC23 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   CORRIMAL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM CRMC3 CRMC24 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   CORRIMAL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM CRRB1 CRRB07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CARRAMAR #           SYDNEY
HAYM CRRB2 CRRB08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CARRAMAR #	         SYDNEY
HAYM CRRB3 CRRB09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    CARRAMAR #           SYDNEY
HAYM CYPK1 CYPK46 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CROYDON PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM CYPK2 CYPK47 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CROYDON PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM CYPK3 CYPK48 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   CROYDON PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM DAPB0 DAPB22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   DAPTO #              WOLLONGONG
HAYM DOBY1 DOBY16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   DOLANS BAY           SYDNEY
HAYM DOBY2 DOBY17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   DOLANS BAY           SYDNEY
HAYM DOBY3 DOBY18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   DOLANS BAY           SYDNEY
HAYM EARB1 EARB46 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   EARLWOOD             SYDNEY
HAYM EARB2 EARB47 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   EARLWOOD             SYDNEY
HAYM EARB3 EARB48 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   EARLWOOD             SYDNEY
HAYM EATU1 EATU52 01 8321 02  BOTANY       EAST LAKES           SYDNEY
HAYM EATU2 EATU53 01 8321 02  BOTANY       EAST LAKES           SYDNEY
HAYM EATU3 EATU54 01 8321 02  BOTANY       EAST LAKES           SYDNEY
HAYM ENGB1 ENGB16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   ENGADINE #           SYDNEY
HAYM ENGB2 ENGB17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   ENGADINE #           SYDNEY
HAYM ENGB3 ENGB18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   ENGADINE #           SYDNEY
HAYM ERPK1 ERPK07 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    EDENSOR PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM ERPK2 ERPK08 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    EDENSOR PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM ERPK3 ERPK09 01 8321 02  BONNYRIGG    EDENSOR PARK         SYDNEY
HAYM FFDB1 FFDB07 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    FAIRFIELD            SYDNEY
HAYM FFDB2 FFDB08 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    FAIRFIELD            SYDNEY
HAYM FFDB3 FFDB09 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    FAIRFIELD            SYDNEY
HAYM GACR1 GACR58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN            SYDNEY
HAYM GACR2 GACR59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN            SYDNEY
HAYM GACR3 GACR60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    BANKSTOWN            SYDNEY
HAYM HLSB1 HLSB46 01 8321 02  BOTANY       HILLSDALE            SYDNEY
HAYM HLSB2 HLSB47 01 8321 02  BOTANY       HILLSDALE            SYDNEY
HAYM HLSB3 HLSB48 01 8321 02  BOTANY       HILLSDALE            SYDNEY
HAYM HMVB1 HMVB58 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    HAMMONDVILLE W/BOARD SYDNEY
HAYM HMVB2 HMVB59 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    HAMMONDVILLE W/BOARD SYDNEY
HAYM HMVB3 HMVB60 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    HAMMONDVILLE W/BOARD SYDNEY
HAYM HRSB1 HRSB46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE           SYDNEY
HAYM HRSB2 HRSB47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE           SYDNEY
HAYM HRSB3 HRSB48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE           SYDNEY
HAYM HURS1 HURS46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE #         SYDNEY
HAYM HURS2 HURS47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE #         SYDNEY
HAYM HURS3 HURS48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE #         SYDNEY
HAYM INGC1 INGC43 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  INGLEBURN #          CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM INGC2 INGC44 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  INGLEBURN #          CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM INGC3 INGC45 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  INGLEBURN #          CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM KICR0 KICR22 06 8343 042 KIAMA        KIAMA #              WOLLONGONG
HAYM KNHL1 KNHL22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   KNIGHTS HILL         WOLLONGONG
HAYM KOGB1 KOGB46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      KOGARAH #            SYDNEY
HAYM KOGB2 KOGB47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      KOGARAH #            SYDNEY
HAYM KOGB3 KOGB48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      KOGARAH #            SYDNEY
HAYM KURC1 KURC46 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   KURNELL #            SYDNEY
HAYM LEUM1 LEUM43 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  LEUMEAH #            CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM LEUM2 LEUM44 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  LEUMEAH #            CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM LEUM3 LEUM45 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  LEUMEAH #            CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM LIDA1 LIDA58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE             SYDNEY
HAYM LIDA2 LIDA59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE             SYDNEY
HAYM LIDA3 LIDA60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE             SYDNEY
HAYM LIVE1 LIVE07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL #          SYDNEY
HAYM LIVE2 LIVE08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL #          SYDNEY
HAYM LIVE3 LIVE09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL #          SYDNEY
HAYM LUCR1 LUCR25 03 8321 047 PENRITH      LUDDENHAM            PENRITH
HAYM LUCR2 LUCR26 03 8321 047 PENRITH      LUDDENHAM            PENRITH
HAYM LUCR3 LUCR27 03 8321 047 PENRITH      LUDDENHAM            PENRITH
HAYM LVSB1 LVSB07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL SOUTH      SYDNEY
HAYM LVSB2 LVSB08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL SOUTH      SYDNEY
HAYM LVSB3 LVSB09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    LIVERPOOL SOUTH      SYDNEY
HAYM MARU1 MARU52 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MAROUBRA JUNCTION    SYDNEY
HAYM MARU2 MARU53 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MAROUBRA JUNCTION    SYDNEY
HAYM MARU3 MARU54 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MAROUBRA JUNCTION    SYDNEY
HAYM MASB1 MASB46 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT #             SYDNEY
HAYM MASB2 MASB47 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT #             SYDNEY
HAYM MASB3 MASB48 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT #             SYDNEY
HAYM MAWB1 MAWB52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  MAROUBRA W/BOARD     SYDNEY
HAYM MAWB2 MAWB53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  MAROUBRA W/BOARD     SYDNEY
HAYM MDFB1 MDFB16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   MIRANDA FAIR         SYDNEY
HAYM MDFB2 MDFB17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   MIRANDA FAIR         SYDNEY
HAYM MDFB3 MDFB18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   MIRANDA FAIR         SYDNEY
HAYM MENS1 MENS16 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MENAI #              SYDNEY
HAYM MENS2 MENS17 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MENAI #              SYDNEY
HAYM MENS3 MENS18 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MENAI #              SYDNEY
HAYM MILB1 MILB07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MILLER #             SYDNEY
HAYM MILB2 MILB08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MILLER #             SYDNEY
HAYM MILB3 MILB09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    MILLER #             SYDNEY
HAYM MPLN1 MPLN22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   MADDENS PLAINS       WOLLONGONG
HAYM MPLN2 MPLN23 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   MADDENS PLAINS       WOLLONGONG
HAYM MPLN3 MPLN24 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   MADDENS PLAINS       WOLLONGONG
HAYM MSCA1 MSCA64 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT AIRPORT       SYDNEY
HAYM MSCA2 MSCA65 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT AIRPORT       SYDNEY
HAYM MSCA3 MSCA66 01 8321 02  BOTANY       MASCOT AIRPORT       SYDNEY
HAYM MSTB1 MSTB58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    MAIN STORE           SYDNEY
HAYM MSTB2 MSTB59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    MAIN STORE           SYDNEY
HAYM MSTB3 MSTB60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    MAIN STORE           SYDNEY
HAYM MWDA0 MWDA37 08 8439 044 BATEMAN BAY  MT WANDERA           BATEMANS BAY
HAYM NWCS0 NWCS37 07 8343 044 NOWRA        NOWRA                NOWRA
HAYM PEAK1 PEAK46 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PEAKHURST #          SYDNEY
HAYM PEAK2 PEAK47 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PEAKHURST #          SYDNEY
HAYM PEAK3 PEAK48 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PEAKHURST #          SYDNEY
HAYM PNBS1 PNBS58 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PANANIA              SYDNEY
HAYM PNBS2 PNBS59 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PANANIA              SYDNEY
HAYM PNBS3 PNBS60 01 8321 02  PANANIA      PANANIA              SYDNEY
HAYM PUNB1 PUNB58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    PUNCHBOWL            SYDNEY
HAYM PUNB2 PUNB59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    PUNCHBOWL            SYDNEY
HAYM PUNB3 PUNB60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    PUNCHBOWL            SYDNEY
HAYM RAMB1 RAMB46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      RAMSGATE             SYDNEY
HAYM RAMB2 RAMB47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      RAMSGATE             SYDNEY
HAYM RAMB3 RAMB48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      RAMSGATE             SYDNEY
HAYM RDRK0 RDRK39 07 8343 044 NOWRA        RED ROCKS            NOWRA
HAYM REVB1 REVB58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    REVESBY #            SYDNEY
HAYM REVB2 REVB59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    REVESBY #            SYDNEY
HAYM REVB3 REVB60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    REVESBY #            SYDNEY
HAYM ROCK1 ROCK46 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      ROCKDALE #           SYDNEY
HAYM ROCK2 ROCK47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      ROCKDALE #           SYDNEY
HAYM ROCK3 ROCK48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      ROCKDALE #           SYDNEY
HAYM RZBR3 RZBR45 04 8321 046 CAMPBELLTWN  RAZORBACK            CAMPBELLTOWN
HAYM SADB0 SADB24 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   SADDLEBACK           WOLLONGONG
HAYM SEFB1 SEFB58 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    SEFTON #             SYDNEY
HAYM SEFB2 SEFB59 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    SEFTON #             SYDNEY
HAYM SEFB3 SEFB60 01 8321 02  BANKSTOWN    SEFTON #             SYDNEY
HAYM SUTH1 SUTH16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SUTHERLAND #         SYDNEY
HAYM SUTH2 SUTH17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SUTHERLAND #         SYDNEY
HAYM SUTH3 SUTH18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SUTHERLAND #         SYDNEY
HAYM SUXC0 SUXC38 07 8343 044 SUSSEX INLT  SUSSEX INLET         NOWRA
HAYM SYVB1 SYVB46 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SYLVANIA #           SYDNEY
HAYM SYVB2 SYVB47 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SYLVANIA #           SYDNEY
HAYM SYVB3 SYVB48 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   SYLVANIA #           SYDNEY
HAYM TAPB1 TAPB16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   TAREN POINT          SYDNEY
HAYM TAPB2 TAPB17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   TAREN POINT          SYDNEY
HAYM TAPB3 TAPB18 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   TAREN POINT          SYDNEY
HAYM THIC1 THIC22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   THIRROUL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM THIC2 THIC23 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   THIRROUL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM THIC3 THIC24 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   THIRROUL #           WOLLONGONG
HAYM TMPB1 TMPB46 01 8321 02  BOTANY       TEMPE                SYDNEY
HAYM TMPB2 TMPB47 01 8321 02  BOTANY       TEMPE                SYDNEY
HAYM TMPB3 TMPB48 01 8321 02  BOTANY       TEMPE                SYDNEY
HAYM VILB1 VILB58 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    VILLAWOOD STORE      SYDNEY
HAYM VILB2 VILB59 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    VILLAWOOD STORE      SYDNEY
HAYM VILB3 VILB60 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    VILLAWOOD STORE      SYDNEY
HAYM WKFB1 WKFB07 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    WARWICK FARM         SYDNEY
HAYM WKFB2 WKFB08 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    WARWICK FARM         SYDNEY
HAYM WKFB3 WKFB09 01 8321 02  LIVERPOOL    WARWICK FARM         SYDNEY
HAYM WLGR0 WLGR22 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   WOLLONGONG #         WOLLONGONG
HAYM WLGR2 WLGR23 06 8343 042 WOLLONGONG   WOLLONGONG #         WOLLONGONG
HMKS ASQB1 ASQB49 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      ASQUITH              SYDNEY
HMKS ASQB2 ASQB50 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      ASQUITH              SYDNEY
HMKS ASQB3 ASQB51 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      ASQUITH              SYDNEY
HMKS BALG1 BALG55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BALGOWLAH #          SYDNEY
HMKS BALG2 BALG56 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BALGOWLAH #          SYDNEY
HMKS BALG3 BALG57 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BALGOWLAH #          SYDNEY
HMKS BAUL1 BAUL13 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   BAULKHAM HILLS #     SYDNEY
HMKS BAUL2 BAUL14 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   BAULKHAM HILLS #     SYDNEY
HMKS BAUL3 BAUL15 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   BAULKHAM HILLS #     SYDNEY
HMKS BEEC1 BEEC55 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   BEECROFT             SYDNEY
HMKS BEEC3 BEEC57 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   BEECROFT             SYDNEY
HMKS BERB1 BERB01 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      BEROWRA #            SYDNEY
HMKS BERB2 BERB02 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      BEROWRA #            SYDNEY
HMKS BERB3 BERB03 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      BEROWRA #            SYDNEY
HMKS BILG0 BILG04 01 8321 02  AVALON       BILGOLA PLATEAU      SYDNEY
HMKS BILG6 BILG63 01 8321 02  AVALON       BILGOLA PLATEAU      SYDNEY
HMKS BKHR1 BKHR25 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     BLACKHEATH           KATOOMBA
HMKS BKHR2 BKHR26 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     BLACKHEATH           KATOOMBA
HMKS BKHR3 BKHR27 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     BLACKHEATH           KATOOMBA
HMKS BKVB1 BKVB55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BROOKVALE            SYDNEY
HMKS BKVB2 BKVB56 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BROOKVALE            SYDNEY
HMKS BKVB3 BKVB57 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BROOKVALE            SYDNEY
HMKS BLAC1 BLAC10 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    BLACKTOWN #          SYDNEY
HMKS BLAC2 BLAC11 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    BLACKTOWN #          SYDNEY
HMKS BLAC3 BLAC12 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    BLACKTOWN #          SYDNEY
HMKS BPCR1 BPCR55 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     BELROSE PERENTIE PRK SYDNEY
HMKS BPCR3 BPCR57 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     BELROSE PERENTIE PRK SYDNEY
HMKS BPSA1 BPSA55 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     BELROSE PUMP W/BOARD SYDNEY
HMKS BPSA2 BPSA56 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     BELROSE PUMP W/BOARD SYDNEY
HMKS BPSA3 BPSA57 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     BELROSE PUMP W/BOARD SYDNEY
HMKS CACM1 CACM13 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL          SYDNEY
HMKS CACM2 CACM14 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL          SYDNEY
HMKS CACM3 CACM15 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL          SYDNEY
HMKS CAHB1 CAHB13 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS CAHB2 CAHB14 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS CAHB3 CAHB15 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CASTLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS CECR0 CECR28 01 8321 02  WINDSOR      CANOELANDS           SYDNEY
HMKS CFSB1 CFSB55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  CARLINGFORD W/BOARD  SYDNEY
HMKS CFSB3 CFSB57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  CARLINGFORD W/BOARD  SYDNEY
HMKS CFSB4 CFSB61 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  CARLINGFORD W/BOARD  SYDNEY
HMKS CHAA1 CHAA55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CHATSWOOD #          SYDNEY
HMKS CHAA2 CHAA56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CHATSWOOD #          SYDNEY
HMKS CHAL1 CHAL55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CHATSWOOD            SYDNEY
HMKS CHAL2 CHAL56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CHATSWOOD            SYDNEY
HMKS CHAL3 CHAL57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CHATSWOOD            SYDNEY
HMKS CNCD1 CNCD58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  CONCORD              SYDNEY
HMKS CNCD2 CNCD59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  CONCORD              SYDNEY
HMKS CNCD3 CNCD60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  CONCORD              SYDNEY
HMKS COLP1 COLP55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  COLLAROY PLATEAU     SYDNEY
HMKS COLP2 COLP56 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  COLLAROY PLATEAU     SYDNEY
HMKS COLP3 COLP57 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  COLLAROY PLATEAU     SYDNEY
HMKS CRFB1 CRFB58 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CARLINGFORD #        SYDNEY
HMKS CRFB2 CRFB59 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CARLINGFORD #        SYDNEY
HMKS CRFB3 CRFB60 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   CARLINGFORD #        SYDNEY
HMKS CWAN1 CWAN28 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      COWAN                SYDNEY
HMKS CWAN2 CWAN29 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      COWAN                SYDNEY
HMKS CWAN3 CWAN30 01 8321 02  BEROWRA      COWAN                SYDNEY
HMKS DACM1 DACM55 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     DAVIDSON             SYDNEY
HMKS DACM2 DACM56 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     DAVIDSON             SYDNEY
HMKS DACM3 DACM57 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     DAVIDSON             SYDNEY
HMKS DEEC1 DEEC55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  DEE WHY #            SYDNEY
HMKS DEEC3 DEEC57 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  DEE WHY #            SYDNEY
HMKS DEEC6 DEEC63 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  DEE WHY #            SYDNEY
HMKS DUDB1 DUDB58 01 8321 02  SYDNEY       DUNDAS               SYDNEY
HMKS DUDB3 DUDB60 01 8321 02  SYDNEY       DUNDAS               SYDNEY
HMKS DURX1 DURX19 01 8321 02  DURAL        DURAL                SYDNEY
HMKS DURX2 DURX20 01 8321 02  DURAL        DURAL                SYDNEY
HMKS DURX3 DURX21 01 8321 02  DURAL        DURAL                SYDNEY
HMKS EACB0 EACB58 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    EASTERN CREEK        SYDNEY
HMKS ECRB1 ECRB58 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    EASTERN CRK RACEWAY  SYDNEY
HMKS ECRB2 ECRB59 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    EASTERN CRK RACEWAY  SYDNEY
HMKS ECRB3 ECRB60 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    EASTERN CRK RACEWAY  SYDNEY
HMKS EPPS1 EPPS55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EPPING #             SYDNEY
HMKS EPPS2 EPPS56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EPPING #             SYDNEY
HMKS EPPS3 EPPS57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EPPING #             SYDNEY
HMKS ESTW1 ESTW55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EASTWOOD             SYDNEY
HMKS ESTW2 ESTW56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EASTWOOD             SYDNEY
HMKS ESTW3 ESTW57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  EASTWOOD             SYDNEY
HMKS FVLC1 FVLC55 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     FORESTVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS FVLC2 FVLC56 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     FORESTVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS FVLC3 FVLC57 01 8321 02  DAVIDSON     FORESTVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS GLBG1 GLBG40 03 8321 047 PENRITH      GLENBROOK #          PENRITH
HMKS GLBG2 GLBG41 03 8321 047 PENRITH      GLENBROOK #          PENRITH
HMKS GLBG3 GLBG42 03 8321 047 PENRITH      GLENBROOK #          PENRITH
HMKS GLBS1 GLBS55 01 8321 02  RYDE         GLADESVILLE 2        SYDNEY
HMKS GLBS2 GLBS56 01 8321 02  RYDE         GLADESVILLE 2        SYDNEY
HMKS GLBS3 GLBS57 01 8321 02  RYDE         GLADESVILLE 2        SYDNEY
HMKS GLVB1 GLVB55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  GLADESVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS GLVB2 GLVB56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  GLADESVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS GLVB3 GLVB57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  GLADESVILLE          SYDNEY
HMKS GUFD1 GUFD58 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    GUILDFORD #          SYDNEY
HMKS GUFD2 GUFD59 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    GUILDFORD #          SYDNEY
HMKS GUFD3 GUFD60 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    GUILDFORD #          SYDNEY
HMKS HMKB1 HMKB01 01 8321 02  HMKS TEST    HAYMARKET            SYDNEY
HMKS HMKB2 HMKB02 01 8321 02  HMKS TEST    HAYMARKET            SYDNEY
HMKS HMKB3 HMKB03 01 8321 02  HMKS TEST    HAYMARKET            SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB1 HOMB01 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB2 HOMB02 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB3 HOMB03 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB4 HOMB61 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB5 HOMB62 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HOMB6 HOMB63 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH             SYDNEY
HMKS HRPB1 HRPB58 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   HARRIS PARK          SYDNEY
HMKS HRPB2 HRPB59 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   HARRIS PARK          SYDNEY
HMKS HRPB3 HRPB60 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   HARRIS PARK          SYDNEY
HMKS HUCR2 HUCR47 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE SHOPS     SYDNEY
HMKS HUCR3 HUCR48 01 8321 02  KOGARAH      HURSTVILLE SHOPS     SYDNEY
HMKS HUHB1 HUHB55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HUNTERS HILL #       SYDNEY
HMKS HUHB2 HUHB56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HUNTERS HILL #       SYDNEY
HMKS HUHB3 HUHB57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HUNTERS HILL #       SYDNEY
HMKS KELB1 KELB14 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   KELLYVILLE           SYDNEY
HMKS KELB2 KELB15 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   KELLYVILLE           SYDNEY
HMKS KELB3 KELB16 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   KELLYVILLE           SYDNEY
HMKS KGMN0 KGMN37 07 8343 044 ULLADULLA    KINGIMAN             NOWRA
HMKS KHTB0 KHTB20 01 8321 02  DURAL        KENTHURST            SYDNEY
HMKS KILB1 KILB55 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       KILLARA #            SYDNEY
HMKS KILB2 KILB56 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       KILLARA #            SYDNEY
HMKS KILB3 KILB57 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       KILLARA #            SYDNEY
HMKS KTBB3 KTBB42 05 8321 047 KATOOMBA     KINGS TABLELAND      KATOOMBA
HMKS KTBS0 KTBS25 05 8321 047 KATOOMBA     KATOOMBA #           KATOOMBA
HMKS LDCB1 LDCB58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE #           SYDNEY
HMKS LDCB2 LDCB59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE #           SYDNEY
HMKS LDCB3 LDCB60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  LIDCOMBE #           SYDNEY
HMKS LNTB1 LNTB55 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       LINDFIELD #          SYDNEY
HMKS LNTB2 LNTB56 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       LINDFIELD #          SYDNEY
HMKS LNTB3 LNTB57 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       LINDFIELD #          SYDNEY
HMKS MARM1 MARM10 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MARAYONG             SYDNEY
HMKS MARM2 MARM11 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MARAYONG             SYDNEY
HMKS MARM3 MARM12 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MARAYONG             SYDNEY
HMKS MBYB1 MBYB10 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MINCHINBURY          SYDNEY
HMKS MBYB2 MBYB11 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MINCHINBURY          SYDNEY
HMKS MBYB3 MBYB12 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    MINCHINBURY          SYDNEY
HMKS MKUR1 MKUR28 01 8321 02  BEROWRA MT   KURING-GAI #         SYDNEY
HMKS MKUR2 MKUR29 01 8321 02  BEROWRA MT   KURING-GAI #         SYDNEY
HMKS MKUR3 MKUR30 01 8321 02  BEROWRA MT   KURING-GAI #         SYDNEY
HMKS MNLB0 MNLB55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  MANLY #              SYDNEY
HMKS MONC1 MONC04 01 8321 02  AVALON MONA  VALE                 SYDNEY
HMKS MONC2 MONC05 01 8321 02  AVALON MONA  VALE                 SYDNEY
HMKS MONC3 MONC06 01 8321 02  AVALON MONA  VALE                 SYDNEY
HMKS MRSB1 MRSB55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  MARSFIELD            SYDNEY
HMKS MRSB2 MRSB56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  MARSFIELD            SYDNEY
HMKS MRSB3 MRSB57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  MARSFIELD            SYDNEY
HMKS NCAE1 NCAE25 03 8321 047 PENRITH      KINGSWOOD CAE        PENRITH
HMKS NCAE2 NCAE26 03 8321 047 PENRITH      KINGSWOOD CAE        PENRITH
HMKS NCAE3 NCAE27 03 8321 047 PENRITH      KINGSWOOD CAE        PENRITH
HMKS NPAR1 NPAR58 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   NORTH PARRAMATTA #   SYDNEY
HMKS NPAR2 NPAR59 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   NORTH PARRAMATTA #   SYDNEY
HMKS NPAR3 NPAR60 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   NORTH PARRAMATTA #   SYDNEY
HMKS NSEA1 NSEA55 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BANTRY BAY           SYDNEY
HMKS NSEA2 NSEA56 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BANTRY BAY           SYDNEY
HMKS NSEA3 NSEA57 01 8321 02  NTH BEACHES  BANTRY BAY           SYDNEY
HMKS NYRC1 NYRC55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  NORTH RYDE           SYDNEY
HMKS NYRC2 NYRC56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  NORTH RYDE           SYDNEY
HMKS NYRC3 NYRC57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  NORTH RYDE           SYDNEY
HMKS OHSB1 OHSB25 03 8321 047 PENRITH      ORCHARD HILLS        PENRITH
HMKS OHSB2 OHSB26 03 8321 047 PENRITH      ORCHARD HILLS        PENRITH
HMKS OHSB3 OHSB27 03 8321 047 PENRITH      ORCHARD HILLS        PENRITH
HMKS PABC1 PABC58 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   PARRAMATTA #         SYDNEY
HMKS PABC2 PABC59 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   PARRAMATTA #         SYDNEY
HMKS PABC3 PABC60 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   PARRAMATTA #         SYDNEY
HMKS PABC4 PABC61 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   PARRAMATTA #         SYDNEY
HMKS PALB2 PALB05 01 8321 02  AVALON       PALM BEACH #         SYDNEY
HMKS PALB3 PALB06 01 8321 02  AVALON       PALM BEACH #         SYDNEY
HMKS PENH1 PENH58 01 8321 02  PROSPECT     PENDLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS PENH2 PENH59 01 8321 02  PROSPECT     PENDLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS PENH3 PENH60 01 8321 02  PROSPECT     PENDLE HILL #        SYDNEY
HMKS PNTC1 PNTC25 03 8321 047 PENRITH      PENRITH # PENRITH    SYDNEY
HMKS PNTC2 PNTC26 03 8321 047 PENRITH      PENRITH # PENRITH    SYDNEY
HMKS PNTC3 PNTC27 03 8321 047 PENRITH      PENRITH # PENRITH    SYDNEY
HMKS PROE1 PROE10 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    PROSPECT             SYDNEY
HMKS PROE2 PROE11 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    PROSPECT             SYDNEY
HMKS PROE3 PROE12 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    PROSPECT             SYDNEY
HMKS PYMB1 PYMB55 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       PYMBLE #             SYDNEY
HMKS PYMB2 PYMB56 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       PYMBLE #             SYDNEY
HMKS PYMB3 PYMB57 01 8321 02  PYMBLE       PYMBLE #             SYDNEY
HMKS RCHD1 RCHD35 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      RICHMOND WINDSOR     SYDNEY
HMKS RCHD2 RCHD36 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      RICHMOND WINDSOR     SYDNEY
HMKS RCHD3 RCHD37 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      RICHMOND WINDSOR     SYDNEY
HMKS RIVC0 RIVC34 01 8321 02  WINDSOR      RIVERSTONE #         SYDNEY
HMKS ROOT1 ROOT10 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    ROOTY HILL #         SYDNEY
HMKS ROOT2 ROOT11 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    ROOTY HILL #         SYDNEY
HMKS ROOT3 ROOT12 01 8321 02  BLACKTOWN    ROOTY HILL #         SYDNEY
HMKS RSHB1 RSHB58 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   ROSEHILL             SYDNEY
HMKS RSHB2 RSHB59 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   ROSEHILL             SYDNEY
HMKS RSHB3 RSHB60 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   ROSEHILL             SYDNEY
HMKS RYDA1 RYDA58 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   RYADALMERE           SYDNEY
HMKS RYDA2 RYDA59 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   RYADALMERE           SYDNEY
HMKS RYDA3 RYDA60 01 8321 02  PARRAMATTA   RYADALMERE           SYDNEY
HMKS RYDM1 RYDM55 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HERMITAGE            SYDNEY
HMKS RYDM2 RYDM56 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HERMITAGE            SYDNEY
HMKS RYDM3 RYDM57 01 8321 02  RYDE-EPPING  HERMITAGE            SYDNEY
HMKS SDCS1 SDCS07 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    SMITHFIELD           SYDNEY
HMKS SDCS2 SDCS08 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    SMITHFIELD           SYDNEY
HMKS SDCS3 SDCS09 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    SMITHFIELD           SYDNEY
HMKS SEVC1 SEVC10 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   SEVEN HILLS #        SYDNEY
HMKS SEVC2 SEVC11 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   SEVEN HILLS #        SYDNEY
HMKS SEVC3 SEVC12 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   SEVEN HILLS #        SYDNEY
HMKS SILC1 SILC58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  SILVERWATER #        SYDNEY
HMKS SILC2 SILC59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  SILVERWATER #        SYDNEY
HMKS SILC3 SILC60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  SILVERWATER #        SYDNEY
HMKS SOWI1 SOWI34 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      SOUTH WINDSOR        WINDSOR
HMKS SOWI2 SOWI35 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      SOUTH WINDSOR        WINDSOR
HMKS SOWI3 SOWI36 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      SOUTH WINDSOR        WINDSOR
HMKS SPLD0 SPLD34 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      SIMPSONS HILL        WINDSOR
HMKS SPWB1 SPWB25 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     SPRINGWOOD #         KATOOMBA
HMKS SPWB2 SPWB26 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     SPRINGWOOD #         KATOOMBA
HMKS SPWB3 SPWB27 05 8321 047 BLUE MTN     SPRINGWOOD #         KATOOMBA
HMKS TERY1 TERY31 01 8321 02  TERRY HILLS  TERRY HILLS          SYDNEY
HMKS TERY2 TERY32 01 8321 02  TERRY HILLS  TERRY HILLS          SYDNEY
HMKS TERY3 TERY33 01 8321 02  TERRY HILLS  TERRY HILLS          SYDNEY
HMKS WAHB1 WAHB49 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      WAHROONGA #          SYDNEY
HMKS WAHB2 WAHB50 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      WAHROONGA #          SYDNEY
HMKS WAHB3 WAHB51 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      WAHROONGA #          SYDNEY
HMKS WETF1 WETF07 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    WETHERILL PARK #     SYDNEY
HMKS WETF2 WETF08 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    WETHERILL PARK #     SYDNEY
HMKS WETF3 WETF09 01 8321 02  FAIRFIELD    WETHERILL PARK #     SYDNEY
HMKS WFMB1 WFMB16 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   WATERFALL McKELL AVE SYDNEY
HMKS WFMB2 WFMB17 01 8321 02  SUTHERLAND   WATERFALL McKELL AVE SYDNEY
HMKS WILH1 WILH55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  WILLOUGHBY #         SYDNEY
HMKS WILH2 WILH56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  WILLOUGHBY #         SYDNEY
HMKS WILH3 WILH57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  WILLOUGHBY #         SYDNEY
HMKS WSOA1 WSOA34 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      WINDSOR #            WINDSOR
HMKS WSOA2 WSOA35 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      WINDSOR #            WINDSOR
HMKS WSOA3 WSOA36 02 8321 045 WINDSOR      WINDSOR #            WINDSOR
NCLS ADHS3 ADHS03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    ADAMSTOWN            NEWCASTLE
NCLS BDHL0 BDHL71 10 8361 067 TAMWORTH     BALD HILL            TAMWORTH
NCLS BLNC0 BLNC28 04 8359 055 BALLINA      BALLINA              LISMORE
NCLS BNLR0 BNLR61 18 8443 067 GLEN INNES   BEN LOMOND           GLEN INNES
NCLS BOHB0 BOHB25 04 8359 055 LISMORE      BOYLES HILL          LISMORE
NCLS BRHB0 BRHB16 05 8359 066 M'WILLUMBAH  BURRINGBAH           MURWILLUMBAH
NCLS BTCS1 BTCS01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    BELMONT W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS BTCS2 BTCS02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    BELMONT W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS BTCS3 BTCS03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    BELMONT W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS BUNG0 BUNG79 17 8365 068 DUBBO        BUNINYONG            DUBBO/WELLINGTON
NCLS CATE0 CATE46 13 8357 065 PORT MACQ    CABBAGE TREE         TAREE PORT
NCLS CBRB0 CBRB94 20 8365 068 PARKES       COONAMBRO PARKES     DUBBO/WELLINGTON
NCLS CBRB2 CBRB95 20 8365 068 PARKES       COONAMBRO PARKES     DUBBO/WELLINGTON
NCLS CBRB3 CBRB96 20 8365 068 PARKES       COONAMBRO PARKES     DUBBO/WELLINGTON
NCLS CHWB1 CHWB01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    CHARLESTOWN #        NEWCASTLE
NCLS CHWB2 CHWB02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    CHARLESTOWN #        NEWCASTLE
NCLS CHWB3 CHWB03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    CHARLESTOWN #        NEWCASTLE
NCLS CRBB0 CRBB31 06 8357 066 COFFS HRBR   CORAMBA              COFFS HRBR
NCLS CSNB0 CSNB01 01 8341 049 CESSNOCK     CESSNOCK             NEWCASTLE
NCLS CSNB2 CSNB02 01 8341 049 CESSNOCK     CESSNOCK             NEWCASTLE
NCLS CSNB3 CSNB03 01 8341 049 CESSNOCK     CESSNOCK             NEWCASTLE
NCLS DVHB0 DVHB70 10 8361 067 TAMWORTH     DAVES HILL           TAMWORTH
NCLS ELOT0 ELOT11 03 8355 043 GOSFORD      MT ELLIOT            GOSFORD
NCLS ELOT4 ELOT12 03 8355 043 GOSFORD      MT ELLIOT            GOSFORD
NCLS FOEB0 FOEB43 13 8357 065 FORSTER      FORSTER #            TAREE PORT
NCLS GAGN0 GAGN04 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    GAN GAN              NEWCASTLE
NCLS GAGN1 GAGN61 01 8341 049 NELSON BAY   GAN GAN              NEWCASTLE
NCLS GOOB0 GOOB24 04 8359 055 LISMORE      GOONELLABAH          LISMORE
NCLS HEON1 HEON01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    HEATON               NEWCASTLE
NCLS HEON2 HEON02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    HEATON               NEWCASTLE
NCLS HEON3 HEON03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    HEATON               NEWCASTLE
NCLS HLNB0 HLNB73 10 8361 067 TAMWORTH     MT HELEN             TAMWORTH
NCLS INLA1 INLA61 24 8443 067 INVERELL     INVERELL NRTV        INVERELL
NCLS INLA2 INLA62 24 8443 067 INVERELL     INVERELL NRTV        INVERELL
NCLS INLA3 INLA63 24 8443 067 INVERELL     INVERELL NRTV        INVERELL
NCLS KLPN0 KLPN97 11 8361 067 ARMIDALE     KELLEYS PLAINS       ARMIDALE
NCLS KROG0 KROG13 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  KARIONG              GOSFORD
NCLS KROT1 KROT13 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  KARIONG  (TEMPORARY) GOSFORD
NCLS LKOB0 LKOB88 15 8377 063 LITHGOW      LITHGOW LOOKOUT      LITHGOW/BATHURST
NCLS MAYF1 MAYF01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    MAYFIELD             NEWCASTLE
NCLS MAYF2 MAYF02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    MAYFIELD             NEWCASTLE
NCLS MAYF3 MAYF03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    MAYFIELD             NEWCASTLE
NCLS MCAN0 MCAN86 16 8377 063 ORANGE       MT CANOBOLAS         ORANGE
NCLS MCEB0 MCEB76 19 8365 068 W'BUNGLES    MT CENN CRUAICH      COONABARABRAN
NCLS MCEB2 MCEB77 19 8365 068 W'BUNGLES    MT CENN CRUAICH      COONABARABRAN
NCLS MCEB3 MCEB78 19 8365 068 W'BUNGLES    MT CENN CRUAICH      COONABARABRAN
NCLS MDOB0 MDOB67 22 7715 067 NARRABRI     MOUNT DOWE TV        NARRABRI
NCLS MDOB2 MDOB68 22 7715 067 NARRABRI     MOUNT DOWE TV        NARRABRI
NCLS MDOB3 MDOB69 22 7715 067 NARRABRI     MOUNT DOWE TV        NARRABRI
NCLS MMKE0 MMKE61 18 8443 067 GLEN INNES   MT MACKENZIE         GLEN INNE
NCLS MNBI0 MNBI70 10 8361 067 TAMWORTH     MOONBI               TAMWORTH
NCLS MNMB0 MNMB88 23 8377 063 MUDGEE       MOONAMBY             MUDGEE
NCLS MNMB2 MNMB89 23 8377 063 MUDGEE       MOONAMBY             MUDGEE
NCLS MNMB3 MNMB90 23 8377 063 MUDGEE       MOONAMBY             MUDGEE
NCLS MPAB0 MPAB88 15 8377 063 BATHURST     MT PANORAMA          LITHGOW/BATHURST
NCLS MPAB1 MPAB89 15 8377 063 BATHURST     MT PANORAMA          LITHGOW/BATHURST
NCLS MPAB2 MPAB90 15 8377 063 BATHURST     MT PANORAMA          LITHGOW/BATHURST
NCLS MREB1 MREB64 21 7715 067 MOREE        MOREE                MOREE
NCLS MREB2 MREB65 21 7715 067 MOREE        MOREE                MOREE
NCLS MREB3 MREB66 21 7715 067 MOREE        MOREE                MOREE
NCLS MRSE0 MRSE01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    MORRISSET            NEWCASTLE
NCLS MRVB0 MRVB28 04 8359 055 LISMORE      MEERSCHAUM VALE      LISMORE
NCLS MTDR0 MTDR61 18 8443 067 GLEN INNES   MT DEEPWATER         GLEN INNES
NCLS MTEG1 MTEG10 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  MT ETTALONG          GOSFORD
NCLS MTLB0 MTLB93 15 8377 063 LITHGOW      MT LAMBIE            LITHGOW/BATHURST
NCLS MTLO0 MTLO61 18 8443 067 GLEN INNES   MARTINS LOOKOUT      GLEN INNES
NCLS MTOB0 MTOB35 06 8357 066 COFFS HRBR   MT MOOMBIL           COFFS
NCLS MTWY0 MTWY84 17 8365 068 DUBBO        MT WELLESLEY         DUBBO/WELLINGTON
NCLS MVMC0 MVMC10 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  MANGROVE MOUNTAIN    GOSFORD
NCLS MVMC2 MVMC11 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  MANGROVE MOUNTAIN    GOSFORD
NCLS MVMC3 MVMC12 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  MANGROVE MOUNTAIN    GOSFORD
NCLS NLTM1 NLTM07 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS NLTM2 NLTM08 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS NLTM3 NLTM09 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON W/BOARD      NEWCASTLE
NCLS NLTN1 NLTN01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON #            NEWCASTLE
NCLS NLTN2 NLTN02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON #            NEWCASTLE
NCLS NLTN3 NLTN03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    LAMBTON #            NEWCASTLE
NCLS ONVE0 ONVE55 09 8341 065 HUNTER VLY   OBANVALE             SINGLETON
NCLS PPHB0 PPHB70 10 8361 067 GUNNEDAH     PORCUPINE HILL       TAMWORTH
NCLS PTMB0 PTMB38 12 8357 065 PORT MACQ    PORT MACQUARIE #     PORT MACQUARIE
NCLS RTCE0 RTCE01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    RAYMOND TERACE #     NEWCASTLE
NCLS SGCS0 SGCS51 07 8359 066 GRAFTON      SOUTH GRAFTON        GRAFTON
NCLS SGRC0 SGRC51 07 8359 066 GRAFTON      SOUTH GRAFTON        GRAFTON
NCLS SLTR0 SLTR58 08 8341 065 HUNTER VLY   SKELETAR             MUSWELLBROOK
NCLS SLTR3 SLTR60 08 8341 065 HUNTER VLY   SKELETAR             MUSWELLBROOK
NCLS TACR1 TACR01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    TARRO #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS TACR2 TACR02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    TARRO #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS TACR3 TACR03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    TARRO #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS THLB0 THLB31 06 8357 066 COFFS HRBR   THOMPSONS HILL       COFFS
NCLS THPA0 THPA64 21 7715 067 BINGARA      THE TOPS             MOREE
NCLS TRGB0 TRGB10 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  TERRIGAL #           GOSFORD
NCLS VCLB0 VCLB43 13 8357 065 PORT MACQ    VINCENTS LOOKOUT     TAREE PORT
NCLS WCKM1 WCKM01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WICKHAM L/YARD       NEWCASTLE
NCLS WCKM2 WCKM02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WICKHAM L/YARD       NEWCASTLE
NCLS WCKM3 WCKM03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WICKHAM L/YARD       NEWCASTLE
NCLS WDIG0 WDIG53 07 8359 066 GRAFTON      WOODFORD ISLAND      GRAFTON
NCLS WEOB0 WEOB85 16 8377 063 ORANGE       WEST ORANGE          ORANGE
NCLS WIHL0 WIHL02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WINDERS HILL         NEWCASTLE
NCLS WLSB0 WLSB01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WALLSEND #           NEWCASTLE
NCLS WOLC1 WOLC01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WOLFE #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS WOLC2 WOLC02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WOLFE #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS WOLC3 WOLC03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WOLFE #              NEWCASTLE
NCLS WTWC1 WTWC01 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WEST WALLSEND #      NEWCASTLE
NCLS WTWC2 WTWC02 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WEST WALLSEND #      NEWCASTLE
NCLS WTWC3 WTWC03 01 8341 049 NEWCASTLE    WEST WALLSEND #      NEWCASTLE
NCLS WYNG0 WYNG19 03 8355 043 CNTRL COAST  WYONG #              GOSFORD
NCLS YHPB0 YHPB40 14 8357 065 PORT MACQ    YARRAHAPPINNI        KEMPSEY
NCLS ZZZA1 ZZZA01 15 8377 063 BATHURST     MT PANORAMA CONT'R   LITHGOW/B'HURST
NTNM ASCB1 ASCB58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   ASHFIELD             SYDNEY
NTNM ASCB3 ASCB60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   ASHFIELD             SYDNEY
NTNM BDJS1 BDJS52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  BONDI JUNCTION       SYDNEY
NTNM BDJS2 BDJS53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  BONDI JUNCTION       SYDNEY
NTNM BDJS3 BDJS54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  BONDI JUNCTION       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWN1 BDWN01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY NORTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWN3 BDWN03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY NORTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWN7 BDWN91 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY NORTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWO2 BDWO02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY SOUTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWO3 BDWO03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY SOUTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BDWO9 BDWO93 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   BROADWAY SOUTH       SYDNEY
NTNM BOPB1 BOPB01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL     SYDNEY
NTNM BSMA2 BSMA02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL     SYDNEY
NTNM BSMB3 BSMB03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL     SYDNEY
NTNM BUWD1 BUWD58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BURWOOD              SYDNEY
NTNM BUWD2 BUWD59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BURWOOD              SYDNEY
NTNM BUWD3 BUWD60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  BURWOOD              SYDNEY
NTNM CICB1 CICB01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY SOUTH #         SYDNEY
NTNM CICB2 CICB02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY SOUTH #         SYDNEY
NTNM CICM1 CICM01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY SOUTH #         SYDNEY
NTNM CICM2 CICM02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY SOUTH #         SYDNEY
NTNM COGC0 COGC52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  COOGEE #             SYDNEY
NTNM CREM1 CREM01 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CREMORNE #           SYDNEY
NTNM CREM3 CREM03 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  CREMORNE #           SYDNEY
NTNM DARH1 DARH01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HARBOUR      SYDNEY
NTNM DARH2 DARH02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HARBOUR      SYDNEY
NTNM DARH3 DARH03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HARBOUR      SYDNEY
NTNM DHEC1 DHEC01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HRBR EXB CTR SYDNEY
NTNM DHEC2 DHEC02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HRBR EXB CTR SYDNEY
NTNM DHEC3 DHEC03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DARLING HRBR EXB CTR SYDNEY
NTNM DJSC1 DJSC01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES CAST ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DJSC2 DJSC02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES CAST ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DJSC3 DJSC03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES CAST ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DJSE1 DJSE01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES ELIZ ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DJSE2 DJSE02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES ELIZ ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DJSE3 DJSE03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   DAVID JONES ELIZ ST  SYDNEY
NTNM DRUM1 DRUM58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DRUMMOYNE #          SYDNEY
NTNM DRUM2 DRUM59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DRUMMOYNE #          SYDNEY
NTNM DRUM3 DRUM60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DRUMMOYNE #          SYDNEY
NTNM DWHB1 DWHB58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DULWICH HILL         SYDNEY
NTNM DWHB2 DWHB59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DULWICH HILL         SYDNEY
NTNM DWHB3 DWHB60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   DULWICH HILL         SYDNEY
NTNM EASM1 EASM01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY EAST #          SYDNEY
NTNM EASM2 EASM02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY EAST #          SYDNEY
NTNM EASM3 EASM03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY EAST #          SYDNEY
NTNM EASM4 EASM61 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   CITY EAST #          SYDNEY
NTNM EDGE1 EDGE52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  EDGECLIFF            SYDNEY
NTNM EDGE3 EDGE54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  EDGECLIFF            SYDNEY
NTNM FLSB1 FLSB01 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  FLINDERS ST          SYDNEY
NTNM FLSB2 FLSB02 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  FLINDERS ST          SYDNEY
NTNM FLSB3 FLSB03 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  FLINDERS ST          SYDNEY
NTNM FVDK1 FVDK58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   FIVE DOCK SAMS       SYDNEY
NTNM FVDK2 FVDK59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   FIVE DOCK SAMS       SYDNEY
NTNM FVDK3 FVDK60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   FIVE DOCK SAMS       SYDNEY
NTNM GLCM1 GLCM01 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      GLEBE #              SYDNEY
NTNM GLCM2 GLCM02 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      GLEBE #              SYDNEY
NTNM GLCM3 GLCM03 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      GLEBE #              SYDNEY
NTNM GRBR1 GRBR01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   GRACE BROTHERS       SYDNEY
NTNM GRBR2 GRBR02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   GRACE BROTHERS       SYDNEY
NTNM GRBR3 GRBR03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   GRACE BROTHERS       SYDNEY
NTNM GRBR4 GRBR61 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   GRACE BROTHERS       SYDNEY
NTNM HBRF1 HBRF58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HABERFIELD           SYDNEY
NTNM HBRF2 HBRF59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HABERFIELD           SYDNEY
NTNM HBRF3 HBRF60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HABERFIELD           SYDNEY
NTNM HOME1 HOME58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH #           SYDNEY
NTNM HOME2 HOME59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH #           SYDNEY
NTNM HOME3 HOME60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   HOMEBUSH #           SYDNEY
NTNM HRBY1 HRBY49 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      HORNSBY #            SYDNEY
NTNM HRBY2 HRBY50 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      HORNSBY #            SYDNEY
NTNM HRBY3 HRBY51 01 8321 02  HORNSBY      HORNSBY #            SYDNEY
NTNM HRDP1 HRDP01 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      HAROLD PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM HRDP2 HRDP02 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      HAROLD PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM HRDP3 HRDP03 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      HAROLD PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM HRTN1 HRTN01 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL NORTH SYDNEY
NTNM HRTN2 HRTN02 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL NORTH SYDNEY
NTNM HRTN3 HRTN03 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL NORTH SYDNEY
NTNM HRTS1 HRTS01 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL SOUTH SYDNEY
NTNM HRTS2 HRTS02 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL SOUTH SYDNEY
NTNM HRTS3 HRTS03 01 8321 02  HARB TUNNEL  HARBOUR TUNNEL SOUTH SYDNEY
NTNM HUNB4 HUNB61 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL     SYDNEY
NTNM IMPC1 IMPC01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   IMPERIAL ARCADE      SYDNEY
NTNM IMPC2 IMPC02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   IMPERIAL ARCADE      SYDNEY
NTNM KEGB1 KEGB52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  KENSINGTON           SYDNEY
NTNM KEGB2 KEGB53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  KENSINGTON           SYDNEY
NTNM KEGB3 KEGB54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  KENSINGTON           SYDNEY
NTNM KENB1 KENB01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT #               SYDNEY
NTNM KENB2 KENB02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT #               SYDNEY
NTNM KENB3 KENB03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT #               SYDNEY
NTNM KENL1 KENL71 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 1   SYDNEY
NTNM KENL2 KENL72 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 1   SYDNEY
NTNM KENL3 KENL73 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 1   SYDNEY
NTNM KENL4 KENL74 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 1   SYDNEY
NTNM KENO1 KENO71 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 2   SYDNEY
NTNM KENO2 KENO72 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 2   SYDNEY
NTNM KENO3 KENO73 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 2   SYDNEY
NTNM KENP1 KENP71 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 3   SYDNEY
NTNM KENP2 KENP72 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 3   SYDNEY
NTNM KENP3 KENP73 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 3   SYDNEY
NTNM KENP4 KENP74 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   QUEEN VICTORIA BLDG  SYDNEY
NTNM KENQ1 KENQ71 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 4   SYDNEY
NTNM KENQ2 KENQ72 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 4   SYDNEY
NTNM KENQ3 KENQ73 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 4   SYDNEY
NTNM KENQ4 KENQ74 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   KENT # MICROCELL 4   SYDNEY
NTNM LCTB1 LCTB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE #          SYDNEY
NTNM LCTB2 LCTB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE #          SYDNEY
NTNM LCTB3 LCTB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE #          SYDNEY
NTNM LCVB1 LCVB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE            SYDNEY
NTNM LCVB2 LCVB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE            SYDNEY
NTNM LCVB3 LCVB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  LANE COVE            SYDNEY
NTNM LEIC1 LEIC58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   LEICHHARDT           SYDNEY
NTNM LEIC2 LEIC59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   LEICHHARDT           SYDNEY
NTNM LEIC3 LEIC60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   LEICHHARDT           SYDNEY
NTNM MNST1 MNST01 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NTH SYDNEY           SYDNEY
NTNM MNST2 MNST02 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NTH SYDNEY           SYDNEY
NTNM MPBS1 MPBS52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  MOORE PARK           SYDNEY
NTNM MPBS2 MPBS53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  MOORE PARK           SYDNEY
NTNM MPBS3 MPBS54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  MOORE PARK           SYDNEY
NTNM MSMB1 MSMB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  MOSMAN LINE DEPOT    SYDNEY
NTNM MSMB2 MSMB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  MOSMAN LINE DEPOT    SYDNEY
NTNM MSMB3 MSMB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  MOSMAN LINE DEPOT    SYDNEY
NTNM NEUB1 NEUB01 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NEUTRAL BAY          SYDNEY
NTNM NEUB2 NEUB02 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NEUTRAL BAY          SYDNEY
NTNM NEUB3 NEUB03 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NEUTRAL BAY          SYDNEY
NTNM NEWT1 NEWT01 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN #            SYDNEY
NTNM NEWT2 NEWT02 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN #            SYDNEY
NTNM NEWT3 NEWT03 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN #            SYDNEY
NTNM NRSE1 NRSE01 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD1 NSYD01 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD2 NSYD02 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD3 NSYD03 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD4 NSYD61 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD5 NSYD62 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NSYD6 NSYD63 01 8321 02  N'SYD CBD    NORTH SYDNEY         SYDNEY
NTNM NTHB1 NTHB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHBRIDGE          SYDNEY
NTNM NTHB2 NTHB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHBRIDGE          SYDNEY
NTNM NTHB3 NTHB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHBRIDGE          SYDNEY
NTNM NWBS1 NWBS55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHWOOD            SYDNEY
NTNM NWBS2 NWBS56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHWOOD            SYDNEY
NTNM NWBS3 NWBS57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  NORTHWOOD            SYDNEY
NTNM NWCB2 NWCB02 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN # RELOCATE   SYDNEY
NTNM NWCB3 NWCB03 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN # RELOCATE   SYDNEY
NTNM NWCR1 NWCR01 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN RELOCATE     SYDNEY
NTNM NWCR2 NWCR02 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN RELOCATE     SYDNEY
NTNM NWCR3 NWCR03 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   NEWTOWN RELOCATE     SYDNEY
NTNM NWTC1 NWTC01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  NEWTOWN LINE DEPOT   SYDNEY
NTNM NWTC2 NWTC02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  NEWTOWN LINE DEPOT   SYDNEY
NTNM NWTC3 NWTC03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  NEWTOWN LINE DEPOT   SYDNEY
NTNM PANB1 PANB01 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  PADDINGTON OTC       SYDNEY
NTNM PANB2 PANB02 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  PADDINGTON OTC       SYDNEY
NTNM PANB3 PANB03 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  PADDINGTON OTC       SYDNEY
NTNM PARH1 PARH58 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  PARAMATTA RD         SYDNEY
NTNM PARH2 PARH59 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  PARAMATTA RD         SYDNEY
NTNM PARH3 PARH60 01 8321 02  STRATHFIELD  PARAMATTA RD         SYDNEY
NTNM PEHB1 PEHB55 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   PENNANT HILLS #      SYDNEY
NTNM PEHB3 PEHB57 01 8321 02  HILLS DIST   PENNANT HILLS #      SYDNEY
NTNM POTT3 POTT03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  POTTS POINT #        SYDNEY
NTNM PRBS1 PRBS01 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      PYRMONT              SYDNEY
NTNM PRBS2 PRBS02 01 8321 02  PYRMONT      PYRMONT              SYDNEY
NTNM PYRB1 PYRB01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   PYRMONT MILL ST      SYDNEY
NTNM PYRB2 PYRB02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   PYRMONT MILL ST      SYDNEY
NTNM RANS1 RANS52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  RANDWICK #           SYDNEY
NTNM RANS2 RANS53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  RANDWICK #           SYDNEY
NTNM RANS3 RANS54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  RANDWICK #           SYDNEY
NTNM RAWB1 RAWB01 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  RAWSON PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM RAWB2 RAWB02 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  RAWSON PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM RAWB3 RAWB03 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  RAWSON PARK          SYDNEY
NTNM RFTB1 RFTB01 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  REDFERN #            SYDNEY
NTNM RFTB2 RFTB02 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  REDFERN #            SYDNEY
NTNM RFTB3 RFTB03 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  REDFERN #            SYDNEY
NTNM ROSM1 ROSM01 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSE BAY #           SYDNEY
NTNM ROSM2 ROSM02 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSE BAY #           SYDNEY
NTNM ROSM3 ROSM03 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSE BAY #           SYDNEY
NTNM RSBB1 RSBB52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSEBERRY MNRC       SYDNEY
NTNM RSBB2 RSBB53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSEBERRY MNRC       SYDNEY
NTNM RSBB3 RSBB54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  ROSEBERRY MNRC       SYDNEY
NTNM SCGB1 SCGB01 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  SYDNEY CRICKET GND   SYDNEY
NTNM SCGB2 SCGB02 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  SYDNEY CRICKET GND   SYDNEY
NTNM SCGB3 SCGB03 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  SYDNEY CRICKET GND   SYDNEY
NTNM SECS1 SECS01 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   STANMOORE            SYDNEY
NTNM SECS2 SECS02 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   STANMOORE            SYDNEY
NTNM SECS3 SECS03 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   STANMOORE            SYDNEY
NTNM SHMS1 SHMS58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SYDENHAM             SYDNEY
NTNM SHMS2 SHMS59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SYDENHAM             SYDNEY
NTNM SHMS3 SHMS60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SYDENHAM             SYDNEY
NTNM SLDA2 SLDA56 01 8321 02  CHATSWOOD    ST LEONARDS #        SYDNEY
NTNM SLDA3 SLDA57 01 8321 02  CHATSWOOD    ST LEONARDS #        SYDNEY
NTNM SLDB1 SLDB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS HIGHWAY  SYDNEY
NTNM SLDB2 SLDB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS HIGHWAY  SYDNEY
NTNM SLDB3 SLDB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS HIGHWAY  SYDNEY
NTNM SSTB1 SSTB58 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SOUTH STRATHFIELD #  SYDNEY
NTNM SSTB2 SSTB59 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SOUTH STRATHFIELD #  SYDNEY
NTNM SSTB3 SSTB60 01 8321 02  INNER WEST   SOUTH STRATHFIELD #  SYDNEY
NTNM SURC1 SURC01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY       SURRY HILLS          SYDNEY
NTNM SURC2 SURC02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY       SURRY HILLS          SYDNEY
NTNM SURC3 SURC03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY       SURRY HILLS          SYDNEY
NTNM TISB1 TISB55 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS          SYDNEY
NTNM TISB2 TISB56 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS          SYDNEY
NTNM TISB3 TISB57 01 8321 02  NORTH SHORE  ST LEONARDS          SYDNEY
NTNM TRCS1 TRCS01 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   THE ROCKS            SYDNEY
NTNM TRCS2 TRCS02 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   THE ROCKS            SYDNEY
NTNM TRCS3 TRCS03 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CBD   THE ROCKS            SYDNEY
NTNM WATB1 WATB52 01 8321 02  EAST SUBURB  WATERLOO             SYDNEY
NTNM WATB2 WATB53 01 8321 02  EAST SUBURB  WATERLOO             SYDNEY
NTNM WILM1 WILM52 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  WILLIAM ST           SYDNEY
NTNM WILM2 WILM53 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  WILLIAM ST           SYDNEY
NTNM WILM3 WILM54 01 8321 02  SYDNEY CITY  WILLIAM ST           SYDNEY
NTNM WOHB0 WOHB00 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  WOOLLAHRA            SYDNEY
NTNM WVLY1 WVLY52 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  WAVERLEY             SYDNEY
NTNM WVLY2 WVLY53 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  WAVERLEY             SYDNEY
NTNM WVLY3 WVLY54 01 8321 02  EASTERN SUB  WAVERLEY             SYDNEY


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

              - [8.9] - The State of things to Come - [8.9] -
                           - Written by Ripmax -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

   Well this is just a general chat to all the hack/phreak enthusiants out
   there in the cyberspace world. Each week I receive quite a bit of mail
   from various "up and coming" possible phreaks from mainly around Australia
   each wanting to know how to do this that and the other thing.

   The days of boxing are limited, digital equipment put in place by the
   various telephone companys has practically halfed the number of possible
   methods of obtaining free calls etc. The other thing to note is how easily
   you can be monitored and recorded on digital systems. A few key strokes at
   the exchange or via a dialin connected to them and your entire privacy is
   out the window. As much as various people deny the fact that this is done
   and all the random bullshit about court orders and things to that effect
   mean nothing.

   Dont get me wrong here, Im not saying that things are soo bad that its
   impossible to get away with anything. As soon as one method is stopped
   something new comes along. The next series of crimes continue to fester
   accross the internet at alarming speeds. Its allready been proved several
   times over how crap Internet security really is (optik surfer/Ausnet) and
   as soon as something good comes along the authors get busted up (PGP
   example here), and as usual the Americans get all touchy.
   
   Well finally to the state of Neurocactus and the Team. Well the team has
   gradually lost members and the main ideas behind the mag are really not of
   our interest too much these days. FRaC and Myself are now full time employed
   with various computer related jobs and have no time to play around with
   equipment. Its time for us to move along. As mentioned this issue was meant
   to be released around about 3 years ago now so I recall but with this and
   that its delayed and even today we are releasing with out the input of Dking
   except for one article left out of the last Issue. We still can be found
   floating around the net on efnet usually and as long as physically possible
   we will try to remain with the same email adress's and ofcourse there is
   always ICQ.

   Dking well we lose track of what he is actually doing. He seems to float
   from one Job to the next, well we can only hope maybe one day he might
   actually release another Issue on his own (into the the next millenium
   at this rate).

   Destiny Stone II BBS is still one of the longest serving BBS's in the
   Ozzie scene running for some 9 Years this September. No longer in its
   prime though It will continue to be online to serve its existing members.
   The BBS scene has gone to hell since the Net has come along and I guess
   with STD Calls etc and the many overseas callers that used to dial it
   daily It will continue for sometime to come. Im hoping one day to X-Fer
   all the files onto the Net one day. Look out for my new ftp Page LEVEL4
   when its online. It will carry the largest range of HPA files in the world
   with close to 50,000 files online when it is completed, then i just got to
   find a internet provider to put it onto but more about that later.

   Anyways cheers to all my "scene" friends past and present. If you called
   my BBS in the past please email me as I like to keep in touch with the
   old-school. Greetz to : The Pick, Minnow, Invisible Stalker, Freestyle,
   Hook, Jam, Ginnie (and all Brewery Callers), Scourge, Anubis (all temple
   callers), X-Static, Slash, Mafiozo, Blade, Dataphobia, Jester, Malice, UQ1
   Shane (and all the Morgue Callers) , PHATE Worldwide (Kuji, Methodman
   Datastream Cowboy, Maelstrom) - Probably the only crew in the world
   in which every member got busted!, Scavenger the German Dialer Man, All
   the guys in the PC-Express BBS crew for a great system and I guess AMI-X
   from where it originated, and I guess all the Dudes in all my groups i
   have supported across the decade from the 64 Scene to Today (US Team,
   Akira, Fusion, Liberty, PHaTe, uXu, BGR, VLaD, Maim, Immortal Riot,
   HiJacK and most of all Neurocactus. Dont think I missed anyone cept for
   my main partner in crime, FRaC - Thanks heaps dude.


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

              - [8.10] - Blood and the end of an era - [8.10] -
                        - Written by FRaCTaL iNSaNiTY -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

    Well I think Ripmax summed it all up in his little chat session.
    All of us in the Neurocactus team all have full time commitments
    outside the scope of defrauding the telco's of their rightful earnings.
    It is quite amusing though, the fact that all of the Neurocactus team
    are employed in communications related fields, working with the
    types of equipment that used to be our best friends/worst enemies.
    By no means should this disheart fellow phreakers. In the end, only
    career phreak's will be in this game a lifetime. Ive only ever met one
    person who has been phreaking all his life, and even makes significant
    earnings from living a life of hacking. Unfortunately I dont wish to be
    the next captain crunch, so Im going to keep studying the in's and out's
    of communications in another way. To my great adverseries in the Fed head-
     quarters, youve done a good job keeping up, though youll never be on par
    with the people at the frontiers of new technology. The phreakers.


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

              - [8.11] - Greets and Contacting us - [8.11] -

   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

     If you would like to contact us call any of the following places :

                                   Email
                                   -----
                 Ripmax           : ripmax@inf.net.au
                 FRaCTaL iNSaNiTY : currenlty not available
                 Dataking         : dking@suburbia.net

                              Bulletins Boards
                              ----------------
               Destiny Stone II (+61-89) ** Note new prefix!!
               All Australian Numbers have added an extra Digit
               Please update your dialers!!

                               WWW Homepages
                               -------------
            Neurocactus Homepage - http://inf.net.au/~ripmax

                                    IRC
                                    ---
                            efnet.telstra.net.au

          Our Special Regards go out to (In Alphabetical Order)

              Anthrax         : Hows the married life? Contact me PLEASE!
              Anubis          : Hows things at ya shop?
              Coms            : Old Skool never die!
              Fedz            : Go to hell. We R0x3r!
              Freestyle       : Cya on ICQ
              Hook            : Good to see your still alive. ICQ ME!
              Jesta           : Where you been lately?
              JMS             : B5 is the Best!
              Malice          : R0xering 2 Bit and Shit. Drink up.
              Metabolis       : Howz retirement?
              Slash           : get ya arse to Perth.
              Shroud          : Good to see you back around
              Stylemaster-Dj  : Dodgy-Dj Computers. E1i73. Rave On!
              Theodore Pick   : Call me dude or EMAIL! Long time .. 
              Unique-TOne     : Random jobs and shit come out
              Xstatic         : Hows was the night with Uq1? hehehe!

  A big greet to all the people across my 10 years in the scene. I hope
  in someway this magazine has given you a somewhat light hearted insight
  into the scene. Never take life too seriously - Ripmax


   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³   ³
  ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ ÀÅÙ

