From _The Press-Enterprise_ Saturday, Feb 24, 1990 
 
(Posted by Alcor member Keith Henson without permission) 
 
ALCOR FILES SUIT OVER ELECTRONIC MAIL SEIZURE 
 
By David Bloom, The Press-Enterprise 
 
   Another legal battle has erupted between Alcor Life Extension 
Foundation  and the law, this time with a federal lawsuit filed by 
Alcor over the seizure more than two years ago of computerized 
"electronic mail" during a search of the group`s Riverside 
headquarters. 
 
   Alcor members pay up to $100,000 for the privilege of have their 
bodies put in cryonic suspension, frozen at temperatures hundreds of 
degrees below zero, after their death.  The members hope developing 
medical technology will one day enable the to be revived and cured. 
 
  The group ran afoul of local law enforcement officials, however, 
after the  cryonic suspension of the head of Dora Kent in December 
1987. 
 
   The Riverside County coroner's Office accused Alcor members of 
hastening along Kent's death with a lethal dose of barbiturates in 
preparation for freezing.  The group has denied the accusation, saying 
the provided only "care and comfort" to the 83 year-old Kent in her 
last two days. 
 
   Law enforcement officers raided the Alcor headquarters on 
Riverside's southwest edge in January 1988, searching for computer 
equipment, software and related material, and for Kent's body parts, 
and any illegal drugs. 
 
   They found the equipment, but not Kent, whose head had been 
secreted away, or any illegal drugs. 
 
   The most recent lawsuit was filed last month in U.S. District court 
in Los Angeles.  It accuses a dozen Riverside City and County law 
enforcement officials of violating the Electronic Communication 
Privacy Act of 1986. 
 
   The suit says police illegally seized the electronic mail of 14 
Alcor members when it seized the computer equipment.  A copy of the 
search warrant included as an exhibit in the suit does not mention 
electronic mail. 

   The suit asked for at least $10,000 for each of the alcor member who 
filed the suit.  Most to the same members filed a claim against the 
city 11 months ago, but the city allowed the claim to expire without 
response after 45 days, said  attorney John Porter, who is 
representing the city and two policemen named in  the suit. 
 
   "This lawsuit was filed in federal court," Porter said.  "It 
should have been filed the Twilight Zone." 
 
    The attorney for Alcor could not be reach for comment late 
    yesterday. 
 
