
________________________^^^________
Zmagazine               HOT Atari
August 2, 1986          News Plus++
Editor-Ron Kovacs
Assistant-Walt Drummond
___________________________________
Xx Contents

<*> Zmag Notes
<*> Computer News
<*> Basic Help
<*> ST Product News
<*> Zmag Systems
<*> Zmag Contest
<*> Zmag Newsletter
<*> BBS News
<*> ST Tommorror
<*> BBCS Surveys

-----------------------------------
Xx BBS News

This past week Atari Connection BBS
was closed down. 

Monday evening the Sayerville 
Police Department closed down the
Atari Connection BBS here in New
Jersey. They called and notified 
the SysOp five minutes before 
arriving with a search warrant.
The Police took his back-up copy
of BBCS and a few old game disks.
The reason as I understand it at 
this time was that there were
pirated games and files on his
system. Evidently a disatisfied
user called and reported him.
A court date has been set for later
in the month. I will keep you 
informed as details come in. Next
week I hope to have an interview
with the SysOp of this BBS.

-----------------------------------

Xx Zmag Notes

Walt Drummond is on vacation for
the month of August. So there wont
be any BBS reviews until his 
return.

Zmag has made it to another
system. GEnie is carrying Zmag.

Xx Zmag Newsletter

The Zmagazine Newsletter is
complete and ready for distribution,
anyone interested in getting a copy
please leave me a message on CIS,
or send a self-addressed stamped
8 1/2 x 11 envelope to:

Zmagazine New Jersey
Post Office Box 74
Middlesex, New Jersey 08846-0074

or call:

The Syndicate BBS (201)968-8148
300/1200 Baud 24 Hours

-----------------------------------

Xx Zmag Contest

Here are the details for the Zmag
contest. I am looking for a Koala,
or equiv picture for the Zmag
newsletter. I will compact and or
put the winning picture on a T-
Shirt. Contest begins August 2, 
1986 and closes Sept 6, 1986.
All artwork submitted becomes
property of the Syndicate BBS and
will not be returned. You can send
your picture to The Syndicate BBS
or upload to your local Zmag
system, please leave me a message
so I know your file is there.
At the close of the contest, we
will pick a winner.

Awards:
-------

The best picture will win $100.00
Second place will win 1 Box of
Memorex 2s/2d floppie disks.

Winners will be announced in the
September 13th edition of Zmag.

Prizes will be awarded with 4 weeks
after close of contest.

Rules:
------
Anyone can enter this contest.
Zmag editors, publishers, BBS
systems are void from entering.
CompuServe SIG*Atari and other
CompuServe employees are void
from entering. All submissions must
be entered and received by 12 MID
EDT September 6, 1986. You can
enter as many times as you wish.
Judges for this contest are:
Ron Kovacs,Rum-Runner,Larry Mihalik,
Catwoman, all of the Syndicate BBS.

If you have any questions please
let me know.

Judges decisions are final.
Good Luck.!!
-----------------------------------

Xx Basic Help

We continue our list of Error Codes

ERROR 11 BASIC Floating Point

The program encountered a number
with an absolute value less than
1E-99 or greater than 1E+98. This
error also occurs when an attempt 
is made to divide by zero.

ERROR 12 BASIC Line not found

An IF-THEN, ON-GOSUB, ON-GOTO,
GOSUB, or GOTO statement refrenced
a line number that does not exist.

ERROR 13 BASIC No matching FOR

A NEXT statement was encountered
that did not have a corresponding
FOR statement.

ERROR 14 BASIC Line too long

The entered is greater than the
length of the BASIC line
processing buffer length.

ERROR 15 BASIC GOSUB or FOR deleted

A NEXT statement was emcountered
for which the corresponding FOR or
GOSUB statement had been deleted.

ERROR 16 BASIC Return error

A Return statement was encountered
without a corresponding GOSUB
statement.

ERROR 17 BASIC Garbage error

This error is caused by faulty
RAM or the incorrect use of a POKE
statement.

ERROR 18 BASIC Invalid String Charc.

A string does not begin with a 
valid character or the argument of
a VAL statement is not a numeric
string.

ERROR 19 BASIC Load program too long

The program being loaded will not
fit in the available RAM.

ERROR 20 BASIC Device number error

A device number outside the range
of 0 to 7 was entered.

ERROR 21 BASIC Load file error

The LOAD statement was incorrectly
used to load a program that was not
stored using the save format.

ERROR 128 Break abort

The break key was pressed during 
am I/O operation causing execution
to stop.

ERROR 129 IOCB already open
(IOCB-Input/Output control block)

This error occurs when an attempt
is made to use a filenumber
currently in use. Often, the file-
number causing the error is
automatically closed.

ERROR 130 Nonexistant device

This error occurs when a program
attempts to access a device which
is undefined. This error can occur
when a filename is given without a
required device name.

ERROR 131 IOCB write only

An Attempt was made to read from a
file already opened only for
writing operations. The file must
be re-opened for a read or read/
write operation.

ERROR 132 Invalid command

This error generally occurs when 
an illegal command code is being
used with an XIO or IOCB command.

ERROR 133 Device/file not open

A filenumber was referenced before
it was opened.

ERROR 134 Bad IOCB number

An attempt was made to use an
illegal IOCB index. A BASIC program
can only use filenumbers 1-7.

ERROR 135 IOCB read only error

An attempt was made to write to a
device or file that is opened only
for read operations.

ERROR 136 End of file

The end-of-a-file record was
reached.

ERROR 137 Truncated record

This error occurs when an attempt
is made to read a record whose
record size is larger than the
allowed maximum. This error also
occurs when an INPUT statement is
used to read from a file created
with a PUT command.

Next week part 3!!!
-----------------------------------
Xx ST Products News

ANTIC PUBLISHING, INC. COPYRIGHT
1986, REPRINTED BY PERMISSION FROM
ANTIC ONLINE ON COMPUSERVE.

By Gigi Bisson


LINK 255 STS!

   ST NET ($149.95) a local area
network software package, allows
several ST computers share floppy
disks, hard disks and printers --
even exchange messages and
conversations. Two ST computers can
be linked with two standard 5-pin
DIN cables (not included).  Up to
255 STs can be linked using RJ-11
cables (the same kind used to
connect modular telephones) and the
ST Net interface boxes ($49.95
each.)

Quantum Microsystems
PO Box 179,
Liverpool, NY 13088.
(315)451-7747. PRESS.

ST AS SMART EDUCATION TERMINAL

   With the CCC MICROHOST
minicomputer, up to 128 Atari ST
computers can function as smart
terminals with 512 colors, high
resolution graphics, and mouse,
accessing 2,500 hours worth of
courseware teachng math skills,
reading, spelling and computer
science to grades 1-8.

Computer Ciriculum Corp.
1070 Arastradeo Road
PO Box 10080
Palo Alto, CA 94304.
(800)227-8324. FINAL.

SIDEKICK CLONES INVADE ST DESKTOP

   We interrupt this game to
announce -- you have a lunch
meeting! Helpmate, yet another
SideKick-style desk accessory for
the ST, has a neat gimick -- an
alarm appointment calendar.  At the
date and time of the appointment,
any GEM based application will be
interrupted and an alarm will sound
before a message announces the
appointment.

STCALC, ($49.95) a friendly
GEM-based spreadsheet, features
pull-down calculator and notepad
desk accessories and the ability to
-drag- the contents of one
spreadsheet cell to a new location.

HELPCALC ST ($24.95)
is a set of 11 spreadsheet
templates that can be used with ST
Calc or Shanner International VIP
Professional. Includes templates
for loan amortization, depreciation
schedules, investment analysis, and
checkbook register with automatic
expense account allocation
schedules.


Royal Software
2160 West 11th
Avenue, Eugene, OR 97402
(503) 683-5361.  FINAL.

   SIDECAR, yet another -SideClone-
desk top organizer, includes
calculator, calendar, notepad,
address book, ASCII table to
calculate the hex and decimal
values of any recalled character
and -Mini ST DOS- -- a program that
lets you perform DOS commands such
as copy, delete, rename without
returning to the ST desktop. Works
in all ST graphic resolutions.

Migraph
720 s. 333rd. Federal Way,
WA 98003 (206)838-4677. PRESS.

   More from the desktop:
MACRODESK, ($29.95) a GEM desktop
accessory offers an algebraic
calculator, alarm clock/calendar
and card file database with phone
autodial functions.

   MACROMANAGER ($39.95) includes
MacroDesk along with a time
managment and analysis tool,
project scheduling worksheet and
loan analysis functions.

   The MACROMATH ($34.95)scientific
and algebraic calculator includes a
statistical analysis package.

Blue Moon Software
13322 W. 105th,
Lenexa, Kansas 66215
(913)492-8219. FINAL.

   HI RES DIGITIZER

   We first saw the PRINT-TECHNIK
VIDEO DIGITZER  at the Atari show
in London, now this hardware
digitizer and software package from
Germany is making the rounds at
American trade shows. The digitizer
boasts a resolution of 256 x 256
pixels and 16 levels of gray. To
create color graphics, each gray
level can be assigned one of 512 ST
colors.  Or, in the monochrome
version, a different black and
white pattern or texture can be
assigned to each gray level.  The
digitized images can be modified
with ST Doodle, DEGAS or NEOchrome
graphics programs.  Antic VP Jon
Loveless (usually a pretty jaded
guy when it comes to computers) was
so blown away by the Print Technik
digitizer when he first saw one at
COMDEX, he actually bought it for
his own use.  Expected price is
around $300.

Print-Technik
Nikolaistr 2
8000 Munchen 40
089/368197. DEMO.

   1200 BAUD UNDER $200

   The VOLKSMODEM VM520 ($199)
1200/300 variable baud rate
direct-connect ST modem features
autodial, autoanswer, built-in
speaker and a five-year limited
waranty.  The fully Hayes-
compatible modem includes the
popular ST Talk telecommunications
program.

Anchor Automation
6913 Valjean Avenue
Van Nuys, CA 91406.
(818) 997-7758. PRESS.

   BOOKS

   ST 3-D GRAPHICS ($24.95) may be
the only book available that
teaches three dimensional computer-
aided-design in C language for the
ST, describing such techniques as
rotation and shading.

Abacus Software
2201 Kalamazoo SE,
PO Box 7211, (616)241-5510. PRESS.

   CINEMATIC SOFTWARE

   Billed as bringing the
sociological predictions of media
analyst Marshall McLuhan to life,
the first interactive movie
software, CINEMAWARE was unveiled
at the Spring CES in Chicago.
Mindscape's Cinemaware software
line is really a collection of
interactive graphic computer games
with cinematic themes. They employ
cinematic techniques such as tilts,
pans, closeups, reverse angles and
360 degree turns and are
accompanied by original 
soundtracks. One game will have
over a megabyte of graphics
information alone. Mindscape goes
so far as saying Cinemaware -will
interest ordinary people in 
computers.-  Now this we have to
see.

Mindscape
3444 Dundee Rd.
Northbrook, IL 60062
(312)480-7667.  DEMO.

   WILL LITTLE PEOPLE FIT IN THE ST
MARKET?

   Little people have been
discovered living inside the ST.
These endearing computer critters
play games like blackjack,
entertain you on the piano and
organ in stereo, and who knows what
else in Activision's Little
Computer People Project ($49.95.)
This ST version of the Commodore 64
program has been completely
redesigned to take advantage of the
ST graphics.

Activison
2350 Bayshore Frontage Rd.
Mountain View, CA 94043.
(415)960-0410. FINAL.

   BURN YOUR OWN

   Make Atari ST cartridges to save
RAM, disk space and start-up time.
The HIPPO EPROM BURNER reads,
burns, verifies, copies and edits
memory devices such as ROMs,EPROMS,
EEPROMS and electrically erasable
RAMs.  The $139.95 price includes
power supply, hardware and software
compatible with both color and
monochrome models.

Hippopotamus Software
985 University Avenue
Suite 12
Los Gatos, CA 95030. 
(408) 395-3190. PRESS.

   Make your artwork come to life
with MAKE IT MOVE.  This $49.95
graphic presentation program is
compatible with all popular ST
paint programs, creates titles and
animation sequences for video
recordings, and busiess
presentation graphics utilizing
zooms, fades, rotations and moving
fonts.

Avila Associates
3646 Baker Lane,
Lafayette, CA 95459
(415) 284-5982. PRESS.

   NEW PRINTER FROM STAR

   No more fumbling with dip
switches. You can access everything
from the front pannel of the STAR
NX-10 printer ($349) -- even set
margins and align forms.  Quick 120
cps draft mode, 30 cps near letter
quality, seven graphics modes and a
wide variety of fonts -- even
headlines and fine print.

Star Micronics
New York, NY
(212) 986-6770.


   DATABASE USES GEM TALISMAN, a
relational database management
system for the ST, can process and
link data from several files and
generate reports.  It works within
GEM with icons, drop-down menus and
mouse control. Frequent help
windows and prompts aid the novice.
The price in english pounds, is
89.95.

Talent Computer Systems
Curran Building
101 St. James Rd.
Glasgow G4 0NS, Scotland. PRESS.

   DISK COMPACTOR

   The ST SCRUNTCH disk compactor
($14.95) can scruntch down a disk
of separate files into a single,
compact file. It comes in versions
utilizing either GEM or standard
Atari command line interface and
includes a collection of
programmer's disk utilities.

Cherry Software
3415 East 5th,
Dayton, OH 45403. FINAL.

   DISASSEMBLE BINARY CODE

   According to the manufacturer,
the 68000 Dissassembler ($35)
-allows you to disassemble 68000
binary code into human readable
form- and then write the
disassembled code into files that
can be rerun through an assembler.

SCI Software Development
PO Box 391807
Mountain View, CA 94039
(415) 967-3288. PRESS.

   IBM WORDPROCESSOR PORT

   BONNIE BLUE is a sophisticated
wordprocessor for the sophisticated
user originally released for the
IBM PC. Access 50 different editing
commands from the function keys,
display two documents on screen at
once.  A built-in database merges
data into documents, or stores
phone numbers.  Frequently used
command strings can be programmed
in single-keystroke macros.

Paperlogic Ltd
Glengate House
12 Nottingham Place
London W1
01-935-0148. PRESS.

   The MICROAPL APL.68000 APL
interpreter is a complete
implementation of IBM APL.SV
enhanced with a multi-user file
system, fast search and replace
primitives, and local area network
file and operational interfaces. 
Price is unavailable at this time.

Spencer Organization Inc.
Box 248,
366 Kinderkamack Road,
Westwood, NJ 07675
(201) 666-6011. ALPHA.

   NEW BASIC

   SOFTWORKS Basic ($79) is a full-
fledged BASIC language system with
advanced data structures, superior
string manipulation, and accesS to
programs written in other
languages.

2944 N. Broadway
Chicago, IL 60657.
(312) 975-4030. FINAL.

   NEW FROM HABA

   HABA MAIL ROOM ($74.95), a
mailing list manager with search
and display capabilities, will
merge addresses directly with the
HabaWriter word processor to create
professional form letters.  The
mouse-controled HabaMerge ($39.95)
mail merge utility prints
personalized form letters with
documents created by HabaWriter, or
combines them with Habadex Phone
Book files.  The HabaView database
($74.95) uses GEM. HabaCheck
($74.95) lets you arrange your
checkbook four ways.

Haba/Arrays
6711 Valjean Ave
Van Nuys, CA 91406.
(800)468-4222.  PRESS.

   EDUCATIONAL SPACE

   EARTHSPACE ($29.95), an
educational graphics and text
slideshow, explores the intricate
relationships of the existence of
life on our changing planet, Earth.

Digital Reality
362 West Broadway,
New York, NY 10013. PRESS.

-----------------------------------


Xx Zmag Messages from Chicago

Board       :ZMAG MESG BASE
Message #   :389
Date & Time :07/27/86 04:45:39
Replies     :1
Subject     :ZMAG EVERYWHERE?
To          :CLINTON SMITH (REC)
Sent by     :JEFF WILLIAMS

Clinton,
 I have uploaded a couple of issues
of ZMAG to GEnie this past week and
Bob Retelle will be letting me know
whether to send more for use in the
Atari Round Table.  I will post a
message to you here when I find out
if GEnie subscribers will soon have
access to ZMAG.
   In the meantime, I have set up a
ZMAG SIG on The Software Plus BBS
at 520-1780.  To get to it, callers
can use the [S]IG command from the
main menu to switch from the
general SIG to the ZMAG SIG.  It
will ask for which SIG to move to.
Callers should just hit RETURN to
get a list of which SIGS are
available and select the number for
ZMAG.  Once in the ZMAG SIG,
registered callers can download any
issues on file.  ALL callers,
registered or not, can read or
capture the most current issue by
selecting the [N]ews function from
the main menu in the ZMAG SIG.  The
Software Plus BBS is up only during
non-store hours.The BBS hours would
then be:
  Mon, Thu, Fri: 9pm-11am
  Tue, Wed     : 6pm-11am
  Sat          : 6pm-11am (Monday)
  Sun          : All day
                                   
                   Jeff Williams

Board       :ZMAG MESG BASE
Message #   :394
Date & Time :07/29/86 22:50:24
Replies     :0
Subject     :ZMAG ON GENIE!
To          :ALL 
Sent by     :JEFF WILLIAMS

 ZMAG is now being posted on GEnie,
the subscription computer online
service that ties into countries
all over the world!  ZMAG will be
found in catagory 11 of the
download section in the Atari Round
Table.  Bob Retelle, the sysop of
the Atari RT on GEnie, is very
impressed with ZMAG and is willing
to pass along any articles that
GEnie subscribers would like to
contribute to ZMAG.  How about
that?  Hey, I'm impressed!
                                   
               Jeff Williams
Jeff,thanks for passing the issues
to Genie and for setting up the
Zmag Sig on the Software Plus
Board. Let's hope that Zmag does as
well on Genie as it's doing on
Compuserve.

Board       :BBCS-GENERAL
Message #   :403
Date & Time :07/30/86 18:48:10
Replies     :0
Subject     :NJ EDITIONS
To          :RON KOVACS 
Sent by     :JEFF WILLIAMS

Ron,
   I would love to carry the NJ
ZMAG edition!  I haven't checked,
but is it carried on this BBS?  If
not, is it on any other Chicago
area BBS? If yes, I will get it
from there.If not, you can upload
it to the Software Plus BBS at
(312)520-1780...nights and Sundays
only.You won't be able to upload
the first time you call... leave me
a message that you called when you
log off...I will have you validated
in 24-48 hours.
  BTW...since charges are suspended
while uploading to GEnie, I will
upload your magazine when I upload
the Chicago ZMAG.
                                   
                    Jeff Williams
Ron,if you're interested in getting
your issues on a good board,give
the Software Plus BBS a call.

Board       :ZMAG MESG BASE
Message #   :404
Date & Time :07/30/86 10:53:58
Replies     :0
Subject     :NEWSLETTER
To          :CLINTON SMITH (REC)
Sent by     :RON KOVACS

Clinton, I have finished compiling
and printing out your Zmag issues
for the Zmag newsletter.If you have
anything to add before I issue
please let me know.I have over 100
pages so far and will be ready to
distribute soon.So far I have 18
people on the list for
distribution, I will include any
you have to add. This first edition
is free,But future editions will be
charged shipping and copy cost
only. Let me know your thoughts.
   Take care,
   Ron Zmag New Jersey

I seem to remember that some local
readers were interested in the Zmag
newsletter idea.Well,Ron has went
ahead with it and it sounds quite
good.If you want to be put on the
list,leave a message for me or
Ron on Windy City.If you don't
want everybody to know your address
,just leave the mailing info in
private E-Mail.

Letter : 621 [O] 07/22/86 06:50:22
From   : Sysop Jeff
To     : All
Subject: What is ZMAG?

 ZMAG is a weekly online magazine
originally published by Bruce
Kennedy,currently published by
Clinton Smith.
 It is made up of user-written
articles and news items of interest
to Atari computer owners.Each issue
contains several articles, reviews,
question & answers, and a guide to
Chicago area user groups and
bulletin board systems.
  ZMAG started as a local effort to
help fill the gap between the
monthly issues of such mainstream
Atari magazines like Antic and
Analog, and to educate local users
to the resources available to them
right here in the MidWest.  Well,
the concept of ZMAG has spread to
other parts of the country now.
Issues are available now on
CompuServe and GEnie.
______________________________________
Redited Edition August 2, 1986
______________________________________
