This copy blindly converted to pure ASCII by Michael Current.

           * 
 * **    
*      
         * * 
        * **     * 
  * *      
       * * *     *      *      
      * *  *     * *  
     * *   *     *      *      
    *      *     *      *      
    ===========================
    ZMAG/A\ZINE      NEW JERSEY
    ***************************
                               
        PUBLISHED/EDITED BY:   
            RON KOVACS         
     ************************* 
         ASSISTANT EDITOR:     
           LARRY MIHALIK       
     ************************* 
    *---->August 16, 1986<----*

-----------------------------------
Xx Contents

<*> Product Review--Carina BBS
<*> Commentary
<*> File Extenders
<*> Floppie Disk Care
<*> Interested in Getting Zmag?
<*> Zmag Newsletter Update
<*> Pornography
<*> Z-Systems
<*> Zmag Update
<*> Editor Notes/Zsystems Update
<*> Larry's Corner-Carina Help
-----------------------------------
Xx Editor Notes & Zsystems Update

Thanks for reading another Zmag
issue. I want to thank everyone for
the outstanding support given to
us so far. It has been great!!

A few notes for our New York City
readers. The Atomic Network BBS
Systems, which have been carrying
Zmag since it's inception, have
been in array and until they get
their apparant problems resolved,
Zmag will not be found on any of
thier systems. The list includes,
New York City BBS, The Electronic
Shop, Funhouse BBS. This leaves
us without a New York City system
to post Zmag information on. If you
know of any system in the Manhatten
or 5 borough BBS system interested
in Zmag, Please pass along this 
issue and leave me a message or if
possible, drop me a note. Address
and number in listed in Zsystem
section.

I would also like to add the
following New Jersey Systems to the
list, as they are either down or
cant be reached for comment.
This list includes:
The MJAC BBS, which is closed till
further notice. Steve the Kid is
awaiting repair of his modem. Zmag
should return soon on his system.
The Hospital BBS which has promised
to post current Zmag issues has yet
to be contacted and even modem
connecting has been unsuccessful.

The Lions Den BBS has been added 
to our chopped list and next week
I hope to add 2 more systems which
are currently under consideration.

If you want Zmag to be on your
local BBS system, Ask them to post
Zmag in thier download section, If
possible have them get in touch 
with me or any local Zmag System.

The vactioning Walt Drummond will
return shortly. Hopefully we will
have a another BBS review.

Due to a filing error on my part
I misplaced this weeks edition of
ST Tomorrow. This column will
return next week. My apologies to
Column editor The Sorcerer.
-----------------------------------
Xx Zmag Update

There will be no issue released
September 6th, I will be preparing
for the birth of my first child
which is due September 8th. Since
this event will be taking up much
of my free time, Zmag will be
on vacation for that week. If this
should change I will keep you all
informed.

The Zmag contest ends September 6th
and winners will be announced the
following week. September 13th.

-----------------------------------
Xx Comments from Last week's issue

If you missed last weeks edition
of Zmag (ZMAG809), you missed our
best and longest issue to date.
The subject was piracy and the 
response was unexpected!! It looks
like there is a 70% to 30%
difference in opinion, the 70%
being commentary against pirating.

I am happy to see that there are
people out there who really care
about Atari and the software
companies. If we could only get the
others out there to follow suit, I
am sure we would all benefit from
it.  The last thing I want to do is
preach about piracy here. But my
comments will be here in Zmag in a
few weeks. If you have something to
say about piracy, send it in and
see it here!!!
-----------------------------------
 Xx New Zmag System

Zmag New Jersey has recruited
another system into the Zmag
family.
The Lions Den BBS, located in
Rahway, New Jersey. (201)396-0867

This system stands out in our area
because the sysop, Larry the Lion,
has decided to use the Carina BBS
System. A entirely different BBS
system and complete new type of
command structure. The following
is the Main Menu from the system.

NOTE: This menu is in ATASCII, so
Compuserve readers reading this
issue on-line will not be able to
see it. For more information about
this menu, see next weeks issue for
the ascii version.


   *               ***         

  * **            *****         

 *  *** *    **   ******         

*   **|********   *****           

*     **********    ===           

                                   

*     =========================   *
*  Command  Macros     Function   *
***********************************
**Msg Bases*Ctrl-W*Show Msg Bases *
**Read     *Ctrl-R*Read Messages  *
**Scan     *Ctrl-Q*Scan Messages  *
**Post     *Ctrl-P*Send Msg to Use*
**Edit     *Ctrl-E*Edit Current Ms*
**Send     *Ctrl-S*Send E-Mail    *
**Open     *Ctrl-O*Check your Mail*
**Feedback *Ctrl-Y*Msg to SysOp   *
**Databases*Ctrl-D*Show Databases *
**View     *Ctrl-V*View Database  *
**Bulletins*Ctrl-B*Bulletin File  *
**Status   *Ctrl-T*Display Status *
**Users    *Ctrl-U*Show BBS Users *
**Chat     *Ctrl-C*Summon SysOp   *
**Menu     *     ?*This Menu      *
**Help     *     /*Help File      *
**Logoff   *Ctrl-L*Exit BBS       *
**Sub-Cmds *Ctrl-I*User Database  *
**File-Tran*Ctrl-F*File Transfer  *
**Game     *Ctrl-G*Game/Games     *
***********************************
**All      *Ctrl-A*****************
**New      *Ctrl-N*****************
************Ctrl-X*Delete Input   *
************Ctrl-S*Pause Printing *
************Ctrl-C*Abort Printing *
***********************************
*      THE LION'S DEN BBS         *
 ================================= 

|Time Remaining| 69 Mins.

|Command| 

(ed.) Next week will include a
BBS review of this BBS.

Give the BBS a call, it is open 24
hours running 300/1200 baud.

-----------------------------------
Xx   PROSTITUTION BY THE WIRE

Talk about your signs of the times
-- even the hookers are hooked up
to computers these days. At least,
that's what authorities in San
Jose, Calif., say after busting
what they identify as a
prostitution ring that kept
computer records on identities and
sexual preferences of some 12,000
businessmen who took advantage of
the -escort services.-

According to The Associated Press,
police this week raided the E, E &
L Enterprises office in a Victorian
building two blocks from the San
Rafael police station and closed
down the ring that reportedly
employed 117 prostitutes.

Lt. Joe Brockman of the San Jose
police showed reporters three
computers used by E, E & L, adding,
-We have a room 8-feet square
stacked head high with all kinds of
paperwork, customer lists and
business records.-

Says AP, -Among the details on the
records of the businessmen who used
the services of the five escort
agencies were their names,telephone
numbers, credit card numbers,
sexual preferences, names of
previous prostitutes they used,
and comments by the prostitutes.
... Some of the comments entered
into the computer about clients ...
'Into the rough stuff,' or 'Is too
kinky.'-  Brockman said the hookers
were dispatched via beeper to
customers in San Jose, San
Francisco, San Rafael, Fresno,
Fairfield and Eureka.

-The way it worked,- he said, -was
that a businessman would call up
and ask for an escort. ... The
dispatcher would then look up the
man's file in the computer and
match him with a girl he's used
before or someone who would be
acceptable, call her beeper number
and dispatch her.-

Reportedly, the prostitutes carried
credit card imprinters with them,
took the customers' cards, gave
them receipts and sent the stubs
back to the E, E & L post office
box.
    --Charles Bowen
      CompuServe Online Today
-----------------------------------
Xx Express BBS

Incase you havent heard or seen it
yet, ICD is not running BBCS. In
it's place is 850 Express! The 
following isn't very much, just the
title screen and the Main Menu.


       **       ************
      ***    ****************
      ***   *******************
      ***  ****            _****
      ***  ***        ***   _***
      *** ***         ***     ***
      *** ***         ***     ***
      ***  ***        ***    ***
      ***  ****       ***    ***
      ***   ********* ***   ***
      ***    ******** ********
      **       ****** ******


 ICD, Inc's Bulletin Board System
             ICD Express!  

Running 850 Express!, US Robotics
        2400 MODEM, R-Time 8 Cart.
        Sparta Dos 3.2d, 1 Meg MIO
        with a 20 Meg Hard Drive

            Enjoy your stay

Gr. by Peter A. Ritchie


ICD Express!              Main Menu

*A*Atari/ASCII Mode *O*Other BBS#'s
*B*Browse Files     *Q*Quickscan
*C*Call For Sysop   *R*Read E-Mail
*D*Download A File  *S*Send E-Mail
*F*Feedback To Sysop*T*Title Page
*G*Goodbye (Log Off)*U*Upload File
*I*System Info.     *Y*Your Stats
*L*Libraries        */*Mini Menu
*M*Member Listing   *?*This Menu
*N*System News

         ***Sub-Board List
         *=*Goto A SubBoard

-----------------------------------
Xx Word about diskettes

Your Atari disk drive uses 5 1/4-
floppie disks.  These are made of
mylar with a magnetic coating and a
dry surface lubricant.

Handling of your disks requires
special attention. Here are a few
tips, just incase you forgot.

1.  Never touch the exposed surface
    of the disk.

2.  Do not bend, staple, paperclip,
    erase with a pencil eraser.

3.  Do not expose the disk to 
    extreme temperatures. If you 
    should change enviroment 
    quickly, be sure to let the
    disk sit at room temperature
    for at least one hour before
    use.

4.  Keep disks in their protective
    jackets when not in use.

5.  Do not use a sharp writing tool
    to label your disk. Use a felt
    tip marker.

6.  Keep disks away from the 
    following areas and equipment.

    Television, monitor, power
    supplies, motors, turntables,
    magnets, transformers, and any
    device which radiates a 
    magnetic field.

If you follow these simple rules
you will have fewer errors.
-----------------------------------
Xx Zmag Help

This week, we go from Error Codes
to Filename extenders. Since
running my BBS, occasionally a
question comes about extenders. The
following text is some industry
standard extenders and some you
might recognize.

.COM  Command file
      Used in Spartados as a load
      and go type file. Also used
      on BBS systems for telecom
      files.

.BAS  Basic saved program, usually
      loading and/or running the
      program.

.SAV  Basic saved program, same as
      above. Denotes saved.

.TXT  A text file.  Files made on
      a word processor might be 
      have this type of extender.

.DOC  A text file. Documentation
      for a particular program.
      Same as above.

.OBJ  An object code file. Sometime
      this is used to denote files
      are loaded from DOS option
      L.

.SYS  Denotes a system file. Ex:
      DOS.SYS, DUP.SYS, AUTORUN.SYS

.EXE  An executable file, similar
      to COM above.

.ASM  A machine language source 
      file.

.BIN  A binary data file. Also used
      same as OBJ above.

.DAT  A general data file.

.PRN  A listing to be printed.

.BAT  A batch file

.HEX  A hexidecimal coded file.

.FNT  A font file, character set.

.LST  A basic listed file.

.SRC  A general source file, also
      used to denote a scrunched
      file.

.MUS  A music file.

.AMS  A music file belonging to the
      Atari Music System.

.MCS  A music file belonging to
      Music Contruction Set.

.PSF  A Print Shop data file.

.DOS  A Spartados module for the
      init/xinit program.

-----------------------------------
Next week I will take you through a
few words common to your Atari and
also list words and there meanings
for other DOS and utilities.
-----------------------------------
Xx   PRODUCT REVIEW
CARINA BBS
Carina Software Systems
12390 57th Road North
Royal Palm Beach, FL. 33411

BY:Larry Mihalik

It has only been advertized on a
limited basis. It was developed by
Jerry Horanoff in Florida, and it
worked it's way into quite a number
of bulletin boards in that state. 
After reading their ad, I called
the Carina BBS board in Florida and
took a tour through the board. I
found it fast, responsive and quite
different.

Since I was in the process of
putting up my own board, I decided
to go with something new. I had
experience with all the others,
FoRem, BBCS, Carnival and Marsh. I
wanted a 1200/300 baud board that I
did not have to pull my hair out to
run. One that will not -crash-,
-lock-up-, or delete the password
file on it's own!

Was I asking for too much?

I re-read the Carina ad again, and
thought about the module theory of
running a board. It also advertized
that the message bases would be
self compacting! I also like the
part about full use of my ramdisk.

So, I could not wait to try this
new product out. I thought about it
over the weekend and monday morning
mailed my check for $69.95.

Well, to my surprise, personal
out-of-state check and all, I
recieved the Carina BBS in 10 days!
It came in a quality bindered
user's manual and two single
density disks which make up the
system and text files of the
bulletin board.

As I read the manual I became even
more intrigued, I would have full
use of my ramdisk. I would be able
to go to basic on-line and be able
to run DOS-online!

So I started by copying the systems
disks for back-up. Yes, they are
not copy protected, but Pirate
BEWARE! Each and every copy of
Carina BBS is encoded with a serial
number, displayable on-line. If a
pirated copy is being used, the
serial number can be displayed and
traced back to the original
purchaser. I found this a novel
approach and one we should all take
seriously.

Now, on to the board. After copying
the systems files into a -boot-
disk for the board, and creating a
-data- disk when configuring the
board, I was ready for a test-run.
One of the features about Carina
BBS is that on boot-up it will copy
all files that you want to reside
in the ramdisk, from the boot disk.
This is set-up when you configure
the board for the first time.

Unfortunately, the first couple of
times I tried this, it did not copy
anything to the ramdisk. I read the
instructions several times but it
continued to ignore me. Then I sat
back and read it aloud;-Booter.MO3
will copy all locked files on the
boot disk to the ramdisk.-

Did it say LOCKED?

So, now it worked perfectly. I had
set the ramdisk to D8:, with MYDOS
4.1, which is not supplied by
Carina, nor any other DOS. I have
no complaints with this, but be
aware that if you want to use your
ramdisk, and have no DOS to support
it, then you will have to incur an
additional expense.

Carina BBS does not need a ramdisk
to operate, but it certainly is
preferable, to get the most out of
the host system. If you have a
130xe then your ramdisk is large
enough to hold most of the system
files, which will free-up a lot of
disk space; never mind the speed.

I had a little bit of a different
problem. I have a modified 800 with
a 512k Magna ramdisk. I selected
all the system files to reside in
the ramdisk along with all the text
files, and using both the AtascII
and the AscII logon option, I still
had 2800 sectors left in the
ramdisk. So, I chose to put
downloads on the ramdisk, only to
find that not enough room resides
on the boot disk to even dent the
empty space of the ramdisk.

I called Carina, and they
instructed me to call thier BBS and
I would find a revised Booter
module that allows for disk
swapping when copying to the
ramdisk. I also discovered that I
would need a fix program for the
WAITCALL module since I was using
the Avatex 1200 modem. I understand
that these additions will be
included on newer versions of
Carina BBS.

Also, if you plan to use the
ramdisk to store anything like
downloads or databases, the ramdisk
must be named the last drive in
your system. So if you have two
disk drives, the ramdisk must be
named D3:.

So, with resolving these few
problems, the board went up without
a hitch. The documentation is in
need of a few modifications,
expecially regarding the ramdisk. I
have to complement Carina on their
technical support, all of my
problems were resolved in a phone
call. I have also received periodic
help from Ken White, who acts as a
roving guardian angel for Carina,
calling all the Carina boards,
offering help and suggestions.

The board has been up and running
fine, no lock-ups, no lost data,
and no crashes.

I have fulfilled my quest!

Carina BBS is a quality product
worth the $69.95 investment. Call
my board (The Lion's Den
201-396-0867) or the Carina BBS
(305-793-2975).

Look around, and remember that the
Carina command set is different and
unique in a positive sense, so
capture the help file, so you can
make your visit a worthwhile one.

Larry Mihalik
The Lion's Den BBS
The Syndicate BBS
-----------------------------------
Xx Znotes

In future editons this is what we
will be covering:

Current BBS systems available for
8 bit users and 16 bitters.

List of good Public Domain Software
available through BBS systems.

A review and tour of all Zmag
systems, thier software, Sysops,
location, and features.

Computer Show calender

TV Update: Computer shows of
interest on your local PBS
station.

and more.......
-----------------------------------
Xx Interested in Getting Zmag??

To BBS sysops interested in getting
Zmag on your BBS.

If you would like weekly issues of
Zmag, no special requirements are
needed. Leave me a message on 
CompuServe or the Syndicate or
Lions Den BBS with your BBS number,
Hours of operation and Head SysOp.
I will add your name to the Zsystem
list and make sure you get weekly
issues. If you are located near
Chicago, I will make sure you get
on the Chicago list. If you are
also interested in starting a local
Zmag of your own, Please let me
know and I will send off information.
-----------------------------------
Xx Zmag Newsletter

The Newsletter has finally been
duplicated. I will be sending out
copies near the end of August. If 
you are interested in getting a
copy, send a self address stamped
8 1/2 x 11 envelope with enough
post to send it off. 

Zmagazine Newsletter
Post Office Box 74
Middlesex, New Jersey 08846-0074

The newsletter contains most all
Zmag issues to date. Included are
Chicago issues. In future editions
of the newsletter, I hope to have
user group and reader columns.
Thanks again for your support!
-----------------------------------
Xx Larry's Corner

Carina Help

For those who have had little or no
experience with Carina boards, I
have decided to print a copy of the
help file here in ZMag. I hope you
put this to good use, since it will
really make your visit's to a
Carina board more interesting and
far more efficient. In future
issues I will go further in depth
with each aspect of the board, and
show off some of it's power.

|                                   |
|      LION'S DEN - Help File       |
|___________________________________|
|  Ctrl-S  Stop      Ctrl-C  Abort  |
|___________________________________|
|  Please switch to ASCII mode,     |
|  capture this file, and print     |
|  it to your printer.              |
|___________________________________|
|  To toggle between ASCII and      |
|  ATASCII switch to mode desired   |
|  and press RETURN at the prompt.  |
|___________________________________|
|  All commands are words. Most     |
|  words also have macro keys that  |
|  will type the words for you. You |
|  can either type out the word, or |
|  press its corresponding key. Use |
|  whichever method you are most    |
|  comfortable with.  If you are    |
|  going to use words, you will only|
|  need to type the first 3 letters.|
|___________________________________|
|       INDEPENDENT COMMANDS        |
|___________________________________|
|  MENU      -Summary of commands   |
|  HELP      -This file             |
|  STATUS    -Your current status   |
|  USERS     -People using this BBS |
|  CHAT      -Summon system operator|
|  BULLETINS -News information      |
|  LOGOFF    -Exit this BBS         |
|___________________________________|
|         DATABASE COMMANDS         |
|___________________________________|
|  DATABASES -Display database names|
|  VIEW      -Display a database    |
|                                   |
| [specify a database after VIEW]   |
|___________________________________|
|       MESSAGE BASE COMMANDS       |
|___________________________________|
|  MSG BASES -Display message       |
|              base names           |
|                                   |
|  READ      -Read messages         |
|  SCAN      -Show message titles   |
|  EDIT      -Correct a message     |
|                                   |
|  You must specify one of the      |
|  following parameters...          |
|                                   |
|  ALL                              |
|  NEW                              |
|  ALL    in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|  NEW    in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|  5      in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|  5-7    in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|  5-     in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|  LAST 3 in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
| _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ |
|                                   |
|  POST      -Post a message        |
|                                   |
|  You must specify one of the      |
|  following parameters...          |
|                                   |
|  TO ALL in [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
|                                   |
|  TO [USER NAME] in                |
|            [MESSAGE BASE NAME]    |
| _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ |
|                                   |
|  OPEN      -Check your mailbox    |
|  SEND      -Send a letter to user |
|                                   |
| Specify ALL or NEW mail for OPEN  |
|     and  TO [USER NAME] for SEND  |
|                                   |
|___________________________________|
|   SEPARATE MODULES YOU CAN RUN    |
|___________________________________|
|  SUB-CMDS  -Independent SubSystem |
|  FILE-TRAN -File-Transfer program |
|  GAME      -Game/Games to play    |
|___________________________________|
|     WHEN POSTING A MESSAGE...     |
|___________________________________|
|  /L  -List your message           |
|  /L# -List with line numbers      |
|  /D  -Delete a line               |
|  /I  -Insert a line               |
|  /E  -Edit a line                 |
|                                   |
|  You should specify one of the    |
|  following after each command...  |
|                                   |
|  5      5-7   or   5-             |
|                                   |
|  /T  -Change title of message     |
|  /R  -Restart message             |
|  /S  -Save message                |
|  /A  -Abort message               |
|  /H  -Help                        |
|                                   |

|                                   |
|    FILE-TRANSFER SUB-PROGRAM      |
|___________________________________|
|  DIRECTORY -Display files         |
|             available for download|
|                                   |
|   You can specify [LANGUAGE]      |
|                or [FILETYPE]      |
|                                   |
|  DOWNLOAD  -Receive file from BBS |
|                                   |
|   You must specify [FILENAME]     |
|                                   |
|  UPLOAD    -Send file to BBS      |
|                                   |
|   You must specify - FILENAME -   |
|        [LANGUAGE]   [FILETYPE]    |
|   and [ACCESS LEVEL] you think    |
|   it should be set at             |
|                                   |
|  PRINT     -Send TEXT or DOC file |
|             (non X-Modem)         |
|                                   |
|  BBS       -Return to BBS program |
|                                   |

|                                   |
|          HELPFUL HINTS            |
|___________________________________|
|  By separating commands with      |
|  either a  .  or a  ,  you can    |
|  make them work independently.    |
|  Example -                        |
|                                   |
|  Read New in General, Post msg    |
|   in General to All, Status,      |
|   Users, Databases, Logoff.       |
|                                   |
|  If you want to erase your input, |
|  type CONTROL-X as opposed to     |
|  backspace.                       |
|                                   |
|  Using your macro keys, you can   |
|  duplicate the above input by     |
|  typing...                        |
|                                   |
|  ^R ^N General, ^P General to ^A, |
|  ^T, ^U, ^D, ^L    -^- =Control   |
|                                   |
|  This example is much less time-  |
|  consuming, however, the first    |
|  example is easier to understand. |
|                                   |


Larry Mihalik
-----------------------------------
Xx ZSystems
     /Zmag Information Network\
     --------------------------
     E.C.Syndicate-201-968-8148
     Backstage BBS-201-944-1196
     W.C.Syndicate-415-825-2952
     E.B.B.B.S.   -201-254-6449
     Mega Vision  -216-228-7335
     Lions Den BBS-201-396-0867
     CompuServe   -201-968-9000
       (GO ATARI8)->DL 7>BRO

             Chicago 
         /Zmag Systems\
  ------------------------------
  Windy City Atari -312-775-2970
  Runequest        -312-430-4234
  Enchanted Castle -312-525-0688
  Centari          -312-668-0984
  Blue Moon        -312-457-2219
  C.L.A.U.G.       -312-889-1240
  Skid Row         -312-439-5873
  M-Club1          -312-730-1846
  M-Club2          -312-349-8686
  M-Club4          -312-458-8260
  Generic          -312-275-2894
  Software Plus    -312-520-1780

Coming soon to:
    GEnie
    Games Computers Play
    The Source
    Atari Inc BBS
    and your Local BBS

Total Systems:19 was 22
Goal for Next week:21

-----------------------------------
Zmagazine           August 16, 1986
^^^
HOT Atari News Plus+++
Ron Kovacs-Editor/Publisher
Middlesex, New Jersey 08846-0074
Please Contribute!!!!
-----------------------------------
ZMAG816.TXT
ZMAG.816 CompuServe filename
Next Edition August 23, 1986
