_________________^^^_______________
Zmagazine        HOT Atari News++++
August 30, 1986  Labor Day Edition
Publisher/Editior-Ron Kovacs
Assistant Editor-Larry Mihalik
Contributing Editor-Walt Drummond
___________________________________
Xx Contents

<*> User Group Report
<*> Larry's Corner
<*> BBS Review by Walt Drummond
<*> Special Editor Column
    Response to Zmag 8/6/86 by
    Clinton Smith of Chicago Zmag.
<*> Commodore Blues Part 2
<*> Top Story--5 people indicted
    for phreaking.
<*> Zmag Notes
<*> Zmag Systems
<*> For CompuServe Readers Only
<*> New Products;Star Printer,
    Televideo Terminal.
<*> Law and your Computer;Pres.
    Reagan signs law to repeal
    computer owners having to keep
    logs.
-----------------------------------
Xx Top Story

COMPUTERISTS INDICTED IN N.C.

Federal authorities this week
called a press conference in
Raleigh, N.C., to say that hundreds
of thousands of dollars have been
lost to computer crackers who pick
up access code numbers for long
distance phone service and post
them on computer bulletin board
systems.

According to F. Alan Boyce of The
Associated Press, -Federal
authorities say recent indictments
of five North Carolina men ... is
just the tip of the iceberg.-

US Attorney Sam Currin told
reporters his office was able to
bring about the five indictments
after a 16-year-old high school
student was caught by TeleMarketing
Communications of Raleigh making
more than $2,000 worth of illegal
calls.

Meanwhile, says Boyce, a federal
grand jury in Greensboro has
charged three men with illegally
possessing charge-account numbers
and telephone long-distance access
codes obtained through home
computers.

According to the wire service,
those indicted include:

Robert Edward Lee II of Durham,
accused of devising a method for
defrauding TeleMarketing
Communications;

Michael William McCann of Dobson,
charged with possessing more than 15 unauthorized telephone access
codes and account numbers owned by
TeleMarketing Communications,
TransCall America and General
Communication Inc.;

Tryone Columbus Bullins of
Reidsville, alleged to possess 17
unauthorized charge-card numbers
and 15 unauthorized telephone
access codes

Ralph Sammie Fig of Knightdale and
James Thomas McPhail of Goldsboro,
indicted on similar charges by a
grand jury in the Eastern District
earlier this month.

As previously reported in Zmag822
US Secret Service agents earlier
this month said in affidavits that
a North Carolina investigation
began in January after agents
learned that a telephone company in
Raleigh had lost thousands of
dollars to computer crackers.
-----------------------------------
Xx Commodore Blues Part 2

Having its first profitable quarter
in two years is not enough to allow
Commodore to breath a sigh of
relief, says its new chief
executive, Thomas J. Rattigan.

Instead, the company needs to be
gearing up for -an interesting
dogfight- with low-priced Asian
clones of the IBM-PC, which he
expects to appear in mass market
stores this fall.

Speaking to The Associated Press,
Rattigan added, -The real issue now
is to make the business more
profitable. We will have to
demonstrate that we're as good at
making money as we were at losing
money. That's the only thing that
will establish our credibility.-

As reported last week in Zmag,
Commodore posted a $1.2 million
profit on $208.9 million in sales
in the June quarter after losing
more than $270 million in the
previous five quarters.

AP notes that since taking over 16
months ago, replacing Marshall F.
Smith as CEO, Rattigan has closed
two plants, sold two joint-venture
operations, shifted some
manufacturing to lower-cost
locations and cut the worldwide
employment from 4,600 to 3,100.

Also he's taken -a calculated risk-
to boost profits by concentrating
more on higher-margin computers
while reducing lower-margin
accessories, such as monitors and
disk drives.

But Rattigan says there still is a
rough road ahead. The company must
reduce its $374 million bank debt,
which represents 75 percent of its
capitalization. Adds the wire
service, -He also has to expand
Commodore's revenue base beyond the
high-volume but low-profit margin
C64 and 128 computers.-

Rattigan acknowledged the new Amiga
is not doing as well as the company
had hoped. But, says AP, -the
company is developing Amiga
technology into a family of
products, a move hailed by market
researchers, who believe that
product lines rather than
individual machines will have the
greatest sales appeal.-

  --Charles Bowen
    CompuServe Online Today
-----------------------------------
Xx Laws and Computers

President Reagan has signed into
public law (Public Law 99- 44) a
Congressional bill that repeals
various sections of the Internal
Revenue Code that required owners
of personal computers to keep
detailed daily logs of the
computers' business and personal
use.

It is a rare piece of legislation
indeed that gathers nearly
unanimous support from both houses
of Congress, but that is exactly
what happened to the bills in the
U.S. House of Representatives (H.R.
1869) and the U.S. Senate (S. 245)
that amend the Internal Revenue
Code of 1954 to repeal the
requirement of the Tax Reform Act
of 1984 that contemporaneous
records be kept to substantiate
certain deductions and credits.

The law stated that effective Jan.
1, 1985 taxpayers who claimed
certain business deductions were to
keep daily logs detailing both
personal and business use of
personal computers, automobiles and
other equipment. Thousands of small
business owners and farmers were
outraged by the burdensome new
requirement.

The members of Congress listened to
the folks back home, and in
extremely quick action voted to
repeal the requirement. The House
passed H.R. 1869 by 426-to-1. And
by voice vote on May 16, the Senate
approved the bill as well by
adopting a conference report the
House approved May 8.

The bill does, however, restrict
business tax breaks for expensive
automobiles. This was added in
order to pay for the repeal.

            By:Cathryn Conroy

-----------------------------------
Xx New Products

STAR DOT MATRIX PRINTER

Star Micronics has introduced the
NL-10, a nine-wire dot matrix
desktop printer designed for
professional, small office or home
use.

The NL-10 prints high-speed draft
quality at 12 cps and superior near
letter quality at 30 cps.  It
features plug-in interface
cartridges which ensure
compatibility with most personal
computers. The printer also has a
push- button-activated front panel
that controls 11 format and print
functions, including three print
pitch selections, type style, print
mode, margin settings and forward
and reverse micro paper feed.

Retail price is $379 with one
interface cartridge.  Additional
cartridges are $60 each.

For information
Star Micronics Inc.
200 Park Ave.
Suite 3510
New York, NY 10166
212/986-6770.

C. ITOH COLOR MONITOR

C. Itoh Digital Products Inc. has
introduced the Chroma Pro CM 3000,
a high-resolution RGB color monitor
which, with the flick of a switch,
can operate as a monochrome
monitor.
 
For color graphics applications,
the CM 3000 offers a resolution of
640 x 240 and is supported by such
popular interface boards as the IBM
Color Graphics Adapter and Tecmar's
Graphics Master.  The true monochrome
monitor, ideal for word processing
and spreadsheets, offers a resolution
of 750 x 350.


TELEVIDEO COMPACT TERMINAL

TeleVideo Systems Inc. has
introduced the pT100 terminal, a
compact, economical terminal
offering compatibility with DEC
VT100 and VT52.

Designed primarily as a data
retrieval product, the terminal can
also be used for light data entry
whenever VT100 compatibility is
necessary. Features include a
buffered printer port, user
friendly set- up menus, password
protection, full-range video
attributes, 32 DEC-compatible
graphics characters and double-
high/double-wide characters.
The pT100 has a nine-inch green
phosphor screen with a time-out
screen saver feature and a 24- line
by 80-column display.

Retail price is $499.
For information
TeleVideo Systems Inc.
Box 6602
San Jose, CA 95150-6602.
408/745-7760.
-----------------------------------
Xx CompuServe Readers Only

Hello there people, I want to
thank you for the positive mail I
have been getting during the last
two weeks. To those of you
interested in getting Zmag on your
local BBS or even on your own BBS
if your a System Operator, please
make yourself welcome to the issues
available on CIS and put them up.

But please leave me a message with
your BBS location, number, hours,
baud etc... I would like to list
systems carrying Zmag in the Zmag
Systems Column.

Please keep the mail coming!!!!
-----------------------------------
Xx Zmag Notes

The Syndicate, My BBS has finally
had a major crash. This week BBCS
2.4 bit the dust!!! Hard disk and
BBCS dont mix!!!  I am now running
Forem26M again, this time the MPP
takes back seat and Avatex 1200
is online. Soon I hope to run the
Carina BBS system.

On another topic, My wife is still
carrying the baby which is due
ANY day!!! Next weeks issue is
still in the air. The baby is due
sometime between today and next
Friday. My prediction is Wednesday
and it will be an 8 pound boy!

Let's see what happens....If the
baby arrives this week, We will
return in 2 weeks.

At any rate, Please dont drink and
drive this weekend, Have a safe
and pleasant chilly weekend.
-----------------------------------
Xx User Group News

Supplied by the MID-MICHIGAN ATARI
MAGAZINE Aug. 1986, reprinted by
permission.

MIDI ON THE ATARI
By MITCHELL WELLS

I have been asked to write a few
short articles about MIDI (an
acronym for Musical Instrument to
Ditital Interface) and its use on
the ATARI.  Rather than describe or
explain MIDI here, I will instead
tell you fellow ATARI enthusiasts
about what to look for in the
future of MIDI on ATARI's. However,
in later articles I will expand on
MIDI; I will tell you what it is
and what it does in detail.  For
now, just know that it is a way for
computers to play synthesizers and
for synthesizers to communicate
with computers.

If the future of MIDI on ATARI's
was in any way reflected at the
NAMM show (National Association of
Musical Merchandisers) in Chicago
the weekend of 6/14, the best that
can be said is that there will be a
future, albeit a slow moving one.
The NAMM show in question is where
all the manufacturers of musical
equipment meet to display their
wares to retail outlets like
Elderly Instruments (where, by the
way, I work), who in turn make
orders based on what they see. 
Although the ATARI was seriously
overshadowed by the IBM, APPLE and
COMMODORE 64 (NOT the AMIGA), some
new developments in software for
the ATARI may make it a frontrunner
in the race for the most popular
MIDI computer within a year and a
half.  There was very little new in
terms of MIDI software for the ST
computer, which I saw as a
disapointment as it's the only
computer that comes with MIDI ports
already on it.

HYBRID ARTS did not have MIDITRACK
ST done yet, and EASYTRACK ST was
about as useful to a musician as
ACTIVISION's THE MUSIC SHOP (which
is not very and if you own an ST
and are thinking about a MIDI
software package for a serious
musician, stay away from both of
these).  However, if you're not a
musician and want something that
will be easy to use with a CASIO CZ
101, I would suggest ACTIVISION's
package.  It's much cheaper and
easier to use.  HYBRID ARTS did
unveil an 8 voice sampler (sound
digitizer--more on samplers later)
which is made to be hard wired to
an ST.  There was some great
software for it, and it did have
its uses, but it also had
tremendous drawbacks for a real
MIDI system (no MIDI thru port, the
need of another MIDI keyboard as a
trigger, so on).  They did have a
good MIRAGE sampler editor and a
generic system dump program
however, which they also have
produced for the 8 bit ATARI's.

Besides HYBRID ARTS, KAWAI, which
has made fine pianos for many
years, unveiled a new line of
synthesizers.  These synthesizers
will come with software editing
packages for the ATARI 8-bit
machines ONLY.  They're fine
synthesizers with fine software. 
When I asked why KAWAI decided to
go with the ATARI rather than the
more popular COMMODORES, APPLES or
IBMS, KAWAI said they thought the
ATARI's were better computers for
the money and that the ST's were
shaping up to be THE MIDI computer
in Europe!  I had also heard this
from two other sources (Musician
Magizine last month and Electronic
Musician from two months ago).

The most common question I'm asked
about in relation to MIDI (Musical
Instrument Ditital Interface) is
what specifically it does.  The
most common MISCONCEPTION about
MIDI in this respect is that MIDI
somehow digitizes sound.  This
brief article will explain simply
what MIDI really does and also how
I use MIDI to make music with my
ATARI computer.

Probably everyone is fimilar with a
player piano.  A player piano has a
roll of paper that, through the
punching of holes in this roll,
records the notes played by a
pianist so this sequence of notes
can be played back by the piano
without the pianist.  At least, the
first player pianos did this. 
Later, the Duo Art piano was
introduced which would not only
record the notes played, but also
the velocity and exact duration of
the notes, capturing the exact
performance of the pianist.  This
was all but forgotten with the
advent of record and tape.  But
tape has many problems, one of
which is once you record it, it's
done.  There is no good (read:easy)
way to edit a live performance on
tape.  MIDI to some extent solves
these problems.  It works in much
the way the Duo Art player piano
does, recording the notes played
(not digitizing sound), their
duration and velocity, and the use
of various controlers (pitch bend,
modulation wheel, program change)
found on synthesizers.  But instead
of punching holes in a roll of
paper to record this information,
MIDI allows for a computer to store
this information, which enables
editing of the recorded information
in much the way a letter is edited
using a word processor.  MIDI on
most computer systems also allows
the layering of this recorded
information, enabling the computer
to play many synthesizers at once
and synchronize them.  Other items,
like drum machines and echo
machines, can also be synchronized
with this recorded information. 
Two things make MIDI useful to any
musician (or non-musician):  the
opportunity to easily edit the
information recorded, and the
recording of many tracks (layers)
of information without the loss in
sound that occurs when tape is
used.  Every time the computer
plays out the song recorded, it
plays the original instruments the
song was recorded on, just like the
player piano.  MIDI also allows for
the transfer of other data to
synthesizers, like sound settings,
volume settings, tempo, etc..

My system consists of an ATARI
800XL that has been upgraded to
256K, an 810 disk drive, a MIDI
interface (like the one offered by
HYBRID ARTS in California) and
software (HYBRID ARTS' MIDITRACK
III) on the computer side.  With
this computer system I run 4
synthesizers (Yamaha TX7, Yamaha
CX5M w/SFG-05, Casio CZ101, Korg
Poly 800), 3 drum machines (Casio
RZ1, Korg DDM 110 and 220), and an
echo (Korg SDD2000).  I record a
song by first playing the
synthesizers and drum machines, and
recording them in tracks using the
ATARI computer via MIDI.  The
computer then plays back all these
keyboards and drums, and I mix this
onto one track of a 4 track tape
recorder, which leaves me 3 tracks
to put on live guitar, bass and
vocals.  Then finally, I mix these
four tracks onto a regular stereo
cassette and the creative process
is finished.  Although most larger
studios have much more equipment
and many more tracks on tape
available to them, the recording
process using MIDI and tape is
essentially the same.

Next month I'll tell you what you
need to start your own MIDI studio
on an ATARI and how much it costs
(it's so cheap to get started, you
just won't believe it).  I'll also
tell you some specifics on the
software available.

-----------------------------------
MID-MICHIGAN ATARI MAGAZINE
Sept. 1986, reprinted by permission

A LETTER TO THE TAKERS
by Leo Sell

Dear Takers,

This is a difficult letter to
write. The sentiments herein could
be taken in a negative way - please
don't.  Please take this as an
opportunity for constructive change
and a chance to examine your
motivation for being involved in
our club.

A club such as ours is based on
mutual help and sharing of
knowledge, experience and resources.
Anyone whose involvement is only
taking, who doesn't contribute in
some way, is tearing at the very
fabric of our organization.

An illustration is the difference
between 2-wheel drive and 4-wheel
drive vehicles.  When a 4 wheeler
is operating, all 4 wheels are
contributing and sharing the road
operation.  In contrast, when a 2
wheel vehicle operates, 2 wheels
are powered and 2 wheels are a drag
on the power.  The drag isn't much,
but it is enough that the 4-wheeler
can handle a far greater range of
road conditions than the 2-wheeler.

How then are some people a drag on
the club?  Well, how many times
have you seen a demonstration of a
library disk, or the disk of the
month, and passed up the
opportunity to purchase it -
instead, asking for and downloading
the files from the BBS?  How many
times have you taken promotional
material at a Computer Show or
Faire, and not helped with the
club's participation?  Actions such
as these, as well as others, do
nothing to support or build up the
club.  Rather, they serve to weaken
it.  If everyone takes, rather than
gives, the club's existance will
cease.

Members must contribute more to the
club than just the yearly dues. 
The annual dues basically cover the
cost of the monthly newsletter and
the free disk.  Support comes in
such things as the purchase of
library disks, purchase of club-
offered hardware, volunteering for
needed jobs, etc.  Members who are
active on the BBS can contribute by
downloading public-domain programs
from commercial services such as
Compuserve and Delphi, and from
other, long-distance Bulletin Board
Systems, and then uploading the
programs to our BBS to share with
everyone.  By doing this, the time
and cost of expanding and updating
our library and supporting the BBS
is spread around.

To reitierate, the club must be a
mutual and cooperative effort.  If
it is not, the club will die.

Now, one reaction at this point
might be -what do I get out of
it??-.  I will make you a
guarantee.  Most Atari users want
to know more about their machines
and how to use them.  Getting
involved in club activities, such
as production of the newsletter, or
helping with the libraries, or
almost anything, will result in
more knowledge and computing
ability than you are likely to get
in any other way.  You always get
more out of something when you put
something in.  You will with our
club as well.  I guarantee it!!

Please give thought to your
involvement in the club.  Are you a
giver or a taker?  We certainly
hope that, regardless of past
habits, you will share your time
and talents and be a giver, not a
only a taker.  We look forward to
your future help, support and
cooperation.

Sincerely,
Leo Sell, President
C.H.A.O.S.

The above material supplied by the:
Mid-Michigan Atari Newsletter. For 
more interesting articles, check 
out Data Library 7 on CompuServe's
Atari*Sig.
-----------------------------------
Xx Review By:Walt Drummond

BBS Review- The Lions Den

  Ahhh!  What a vacation!  Well,
I'm back with another review, so
here I go!

  The Lions Den BBS is a Carina
system.  The Carina system is a new
idea in BBS programs and takes a
little getting use to, but its well
worth the time.  It uses whole
words, the first three letters or
the Macros.  The latter is the
neetest!

  The Macros are a kind of BBCS and
F.o.R.e.M. mixture.  They don't use
the -Hot Menu- idea, but the
command prompt needs a return after
the Macro.  The Macro is a
<Control + Letter> combo, and when
used, the command is displayed.

  The SysOp, Larry the Lion, is
VERY into his BBS.  He constantly
keeps the message bases up to date
and is trying to expand the BBS.  
Right now, he has a little over one
meg of onLine storage, and he is
working on a fourth drive.  Larry
the Lion also plans to add a Zmag
message base and a ST base,
hopefully with a ST download
section.

  I like the Carina BBS system and
what Larry the Lion has done with
it.  I hope to see more BBSs taking
on his style.  Way to go!

  On a scale of 10, 10 the best,
The Lions Den gets->
                <___9___>

  Call The Lions Den at (201)-396-
0867 and let me know what you
think!  I can be contacted at the
East Coast Syndicate,(201) 968-8148
or at CompuServe, PPN# 71777,3631.

Zmag BBS Review      Walt Drummond

  If you want your BBS reviewed,
just let me know!

Welcome back Walt, Nice to see your
back to work!! See you next week!
-----------------------------------

Xx Larry's Corner

   As I related in the last issue,
I suggested that Carina BBS had an
unlimited amount of power.  Well, I
am going to try to show you that is
true.  First, let's talk a little
bit about the structure of Carina
BBS.

   The heart of this system is the
modem control module, the Modem
operating enviroment (MOE for
short).

   MOE is an overlay of the Atari
operating system that links the
keyboard, the modem, the printer,
and the disk drives together.  It
is because of MOE's control that a
sysop can, while the user is on-
line, go to Basic or Dos, without
any risk of lossing the user.  This
is the first reason I said Carina
BBS is the most powerful BBS for
the 8-bit Atari Computers.

   Beyond that, Carina has with the
use of MOE, made it possible to go
to Basic, type -NEW- and load and
run an entirely unrelated or
related Basic program without any
modifications to the program.  This
opens up an entire spectrum of
possibilities for online games,
voting polls, or anything else your
creative mind can design.

   Heard enough?  Well there is one
more thing.  Carina BBS can in fact
house a terminal program within it.
That's right, without having to
take the board down, you can simply
call in the terminal program, make
calls to your favorite BBS, upload
and download and then return to the
BBS and wait for those callers.

   I recently learned that Carina,
in continued support of thier
product have put together a utility
disk for the purchase by registered
Carina BBS owners.  That disk will
include a terminal program and a
number of other useful utilities.

   Also, I wanted to announce that
Carina has lowered the price of
thier BBS software. The new price
is $55.00 for this little gem. They
have also announced the release of
a 1030/xm301 version, it is already
available as you read this.

   Also, for the time being, this
will be my last column devoted to
Carina BBS.  I will be looking for
other topics to research and
discuss.  If you want to learn more
about Carina BBS, feel free to call
my board The Lion's Den BBs or call
Carina BBS at 1-305-793-2975.

   So I will be back in our next
issue hopefully with another
venture to learn and entertain.

           Larry Mihalik
             The Lion's Den BBS
                 The Syndicate BBS
-----------------------------------
Xx Editors Column

The following comment was taken
from the August 19th issue of
Chicago Zmag.

It refrences the story in New
Jersey Zmag of August 9th with
the interview of the Atari
Connection sysop. This BBS was
closed down by local police for
pirating software. If you would
like to see this interview, read
ZMAG809.TXT.


Rebuttal by Chicago Zmag Editor

After reading the preceeding
interview,I was very disturbed.
This youth is a criminal and has
the nerve to say that the person
who turned him in should be
punished. Especially irritating is
his statement that the person who
turned him in is a definite threat
to the computing world. This
statement is a joke,in my mind it
is he who is a threat to the
computing world. Specifically,the
Atari computing world. Many pirates
respond to the arguement that the
lack of new Atari software is caused
by piracy, by the fact that a lot
of Commodore pirating occurs and there
is no lack of new software for that
system. That would be a good reply
if there were as many Ataris as
there were 64s. Unfortunately,
there are not. The number of 64s is
great enough so that even after the
pirates have their copies of a
program, there are still enough
paying users to ensure that the
program makes money. The program
makes money for the company and the
company continues to work on 64
software since it is profitable.

In response to the statement that
software authors are ripping people
off with high software prices. In
most cases the author of a program
has no say so on what a company is
going to sell his program for. When
you buy a piece of software for
$25, there is a lot more then just
a disk and a program involved.

1)The company had to send the
  program to a place for copying.
  This costs.

2)The company had to design an eye
  catching box, because the
  majority of people are going to
  pass up a plain white package, to
  get the program which has an
  illustration of a massive space
  war. This costs.

3)The company has to print up
  instructions so you'll know how
  to play. This costs.

4)The company has to advertise so
  people will know about the
  program. This costs.

All this adds up to the $25 price
tag. Out of this price,the
programmer usually gets a royalty
of up to 30%. That comes out to
$7.50 for every copy sold. That
isn't much, especially after the
pirates get a hold of it and ruin
the potential buyer base.
Actually, the cop out that prices
are too high on software is
starting to lose it's validity.
Back when the scale of software
prices ranged from 30 to 50 dollars
this excuse might have had a
foothold. However, the majority of
new Atari software programs cost
$25 and under. The only exception
are programs such as word
processors and languages which
require a great deal of research
and development. I do sympathise
with the people who buy software
and it turns out to be a piece of
junk. I myself have been burned by
bad software. However,in most of
these situations is was my own
fault for not finding out wether
the program was any good before I
bought it. My suggestion is that
you forget about buying your
software in a place like Toys R Us.
Go to a local dealer or to User
Group meetings where local dealers
sell at. In most cases, they are
enthusiasts just like you and will
point out any software that they
think is no good and most will demo
programs for you. The only excuse
left for software pirates is the
truth. You want software and you
don't want to have to pay for it.
The software companies could be
selling their programs for $5 and
there would still be people
pirating. If I have offended
anyone, I am sorry but this is how
I feel.

------
I agree with what Clinton has to 
say here. Need I say more in
response. I do have one thing to
add here. If the pirates continue
the current attack of software,
sooner or later there wont be any
for the people who are honest and
purchase software.  We have all
received copies of pirated software
and perhaps still even enjoy the
use. But the time has come for all
of us who have been fooling around
with the Atari, to be a bit more
thoughtful of what goes into making
programs and the cost involved to
all of us. Perhaps an easy way to
consider this would be to put
yourself in place of the software
companies. You wrote a brillant
game or program and would like
to make a few dollars for your
hard work, but the guy next door
feels that you should give him a
copy of it, and his friend and
his friend, soon friend #4 has
3 friends etc.... When you finally
get your paycheck for sales and
see that your work isnt paying off,
you might decide to stop. What-
ever the circumstances, I am sure
that you get the point. Let's
support these Authors and companies
that put time and work into
supplying us FEW Atari users with
decent software. The ball is in
our court. I wonder what will happen
if anything.

Thanks Clinton for the response,

Ron Kovacs
Zmag New Jersey
-----------------------------------

Xx Zmag BBS Systems
     /Zmag Information Network\
     --------------------------
     E.C.Syndicate-201-968-8148
     Backstage BBS-201-944-1196
     W.C.Syndicate-415-825-2952
     E.B.B.B.S.   -201-254-6449
     Mega Vision  -216-228-7335
     New York City-718-604-3323
     Lions Den BBS-201-396-0867
     Syndicate So.-201-370-8021
     CompuServe   -201-968-9000
       (GO ATARI8)->DL 7>BRO


             Chicago 
         /Zmag Systems\
  ------------------------------
  Windy City Atari -312-775-2970
  Runequest        -312-430-4234
  Enchanted Castle -312-525-0688
  Centari          -312-668-0984
  Blue Moon        -312-457-2219
  C.L.A.U.G.       -312-889-1240
  Skid Row         -312-439-5873
  M-Club1          -312-730-1846
  M-Club2          -312-349-8686
  M-Club4          -312-458-8260
  Generic          -312-275-2894
  Software Plus    -312-520-1780
-----------------------------------
Zmagazine August 30, 1986
All Computer Report
Special Labor Day Issue
We will return in 2 weeks!
Please contribute!!!
-----------------------------------
ZMAG830.TXT
ZMAG.830  Compuserve Filename
(grin)
