_____________________________________
        ZMAGAZINE  MARCH
_____________________________________
ZMAGAZINE   ISSUE 44   MARCH 23, 1987
_____________________________________
Zmag Staff:
Publisher: Syndicate Services
Editor in Chief: Ron Kovacs
Editor: Alan Kloza
Special Assignment Editor:Steve Godun
_____________________________________
Xx This week in Zmag

<*> EDITORIAL COMMENT

<*> ZMAGAZINE ST NEWSWIRE

<*> TECHNICAL TIPS

<*> 320,576,1088 XE UPGRADES

<*> UNITED KINGDOM BBS LIST

<*> ZMAGAZINE ATARI REPORT

<*> ZMAGAZINE INDEX

<*> ZPRINT7.BAS
_____________________________________
Xx Editor Commentary
.....Atari vs Darek.....
_____________________________________
If you have been reading Zmagazine
over the last few weeks, You will
notice that we have been publishing
articles in refrence to the ST
Transformer. This piece of software
emulates an ST into an 8 Bit. To 
date this program has not been 100%
completed, But the author, Darek
Mihocka has been having troubles
getting permission from Atari to
persue his project. What I would like
to do is get a letter writing 
campaign going so that we can get the
Atari higher-ups respond with a
reasonable explanation why Darek
can not be givin permission to use
the Atari ROM. To date we have no
response from any executive from 
Atari.

Please help us out by writing a
letter to Atari. Please ask Atari
to respond openly in a message on
CompuServe, the Atari BBS, or any
BBS, to Darek with there point of
view on the matter. I have sent a
letter myself, and I will publish it
in next weeks edition. If you send
a letter, send a copy to me, I will
publish it here.

Atari's address:

Atari Customer Relations
Atari Corporation
PO Box 61657
Sunnyvale, California 94088

or call:
1 (800) 745-4851

Address your letter to:

Jack Tramiel
Sam Tramiel
Niel Harris

Our address:

Zmagazine
PO Box 74
Middlesex, NJ 08846-0074

Thanks for your support
_____________________________________
Xx ZPRINT7.BAS
.....New Zmag Utility.....
_____________________________________
To our readers interested in printing
our issues. We have a new utility for
just that purpose. ZPRINT7 was made
by one of our readers, (which to 
date) I still dont know who it is.
If you own an Epson or compat printer
this utility allows 3 column printing
of any Zmag issue. If you are 
interested in getting this file. Give
the Zmag Headquarters a call at:
(201) 968-8148
_____________________________________
Xx ZMAGAZINE ATARI REPORT
By Permission From Atari User Group
News (Issue #4)
_____________________________________

PRODUCT LINE
------------

At the January CES, Atari unveiled
our revamped product line for this
year.  This is the most complete
lineup in the industry, running the
gamut from the very inexpensive XE
home computers to multi-megabyte
desktop publishing systems.

The high end products are the new
Mega ST computers.  These models come
in 1, 2, and 4 megabyte
configurations.  They come in a new
-stackable- housing with a detached
keyboard and a CPU box which includes
a 3.5- floppy drive and all the same
ports as the current ST's. New
features in the Mega ST computers
include an expansion bus with all the
pinouts of the 68000 chip as well as
some interrupt lines, a battery
backed-up realtime clock, and a
blitter chip as standard equipment.
These systems are currently scheduled
to begin shipping in Spring.  Pricing
will be announced shortly.

Another new product announcement is
the Atari laser printer, priced at
the breakthrough price of under 1500.
The printer will plug into the DMA
(hard disk) port of ANY ST computer.
With a 520ST, the laser printer will
emulate a Diablo 630 and is also
capable of screen dumps. With larger
memory ST computers, the laser
printer will gain such features as
multiple fonts and dot-program-mable
graphics.  Since the smarts of this
printer reside inside the ST, there
is no set protocol used with it - the
ST can be programmed to use virtually
and graphics protocol to control the
laser engine.

The current ST product line remains
as is, with some reductions in
pricing.  The 1040ST is now $100
lower at retail than in 1986, while
last summer's special promotion for
520ST monochrome systems has been
reinstated.  The SH204 hard drive is
also $100 lower than last year.  One
improvement to the 520ST and 1040ST
this year will come with the release
of the -blitter- chip, which speeds
the performance of graphics and text.
This new chip will be available as a
$120 upgrade to the current ST line,
consisting of the blitter itself
which attaches to the 68000 CPU chip,
as well as a set of replacement ROM
chips which provides software
compatibility, improved performance,
and some bug fixes.  It is possible
that a later revision of the ROMs
will be made available later in the
year to further improve and correct
system performance.

The XE product line continues into
1987 as well.  Atari is making a
strong effort to improve this line by
releasing the XEP80 (an 80-column
adapter) and by making the new SX212
modem compatible with this line as
well as the ST line.  New software
titles continue to be released for
the XE as well.

BITS AND PIECES
---------------

ST BASIC is still alive and is
undergoing internal testing.  once
we're satisfied that it is bug-free,
we'll release it.  In the meantime,
there are some good BASICs out there.
For instance:

-GFA BASIC-
Michtron
576 South Telegraph Hill
Pontiac, MI 48053
(313)334-5700
* Michtron also carries -GFA
  COMPILER- which makes this already
  fast BASIC even faster.

-AC/BASIC-
Absoft Corp.
4268 North Woodword Avenue
Royal Oak, MI 48072
(315)549-7111

-HENRY'S FUNDAMENTAL BASIC-
Philon, Inc.
641 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10011
(212)807-0303

-1ST WORD PLUS- - There has been a
snag in progress having to do with
our contract with GST, so we're not
expecting to release -1ST WORD PLUS-
in the near future.

-MICROSOFT WRITE-, which is still in
beta testing, has been getting raves
at the Atari offices.  Atari expects
it to be out in the second quarter of
1987.

-SX212 1200 BAUD MODEM- - The SX212
will not need an 850 interface module
in order to be connected to the Atari
8-bit computers.  It has an SIO
connector on the back, in addition to
the standard modem connector.  Atari
will be selling a special SIO and
terminal package (SXExpress, a
special version of Express, the most
popular 8-bit terminal program) for
8-bit users.  Please note that this
will be a separate package, and is
not included with the SX212.

Of course, the SX212 can be used with
the 850 interface and any terminal
program which uses it.  For those who
don't have an 850, ICD is marketing a
device called the -PR CONNECTION-,
which works identically to the 850.

-NEW SOFTWARE FOR THE XEP80 80-COLUMN
CARD- - New versions of -SILENT
BUTLER- and -ATARIWRITER PLUS- for
the 80-column card that is coming out
for the 8-bit machines are in
production.  The new -SILENT BUTLER-
will work in both 40- and 80-column
modes; however, those people who wish
to use -ATARIWRITER PLUS- will have
to use the version for the mode
they've got - that is, 40-column
users will have to use the 40-column
version and 80-column users will have
to use the 80-column version.  The
two are not interchangeable.

-LASER PRINTER- - Many of you have
asked if the new laser printer will
have loadable fonts.  The answer is:
sorta.

Other manufacturers' laser printers
are expensive because they actually
have a computer inside to provide all
the wonderful things laser printers
provide, including the capability to
load fonts.

Atari will use the power and speed of
the Mega ST as the engine for the new
laser printer.  You will be able to
load fonts into the ST just as you
would a laser printer and voila, you
can print fonts.
_____________________________________
Xx UK BULLETIN BOARD SYSTEMS
....Zmag reprint from May 1986....
_____________________________________
   *=300 +=300/1200 @=1200 #=2400
=====================================
Number        Name       Location
=====================================
(0001)885634  DUBBS      Dublin     *
(01)200 3439  AirtelTBBS London     +
(01)200 7577  TuG        London     *
(01)248 5747  Prestel    London     *
(01)262 1629  Capital    London     *
(01)346 7150  Marctel    London     +
(01)348 9400  London     London     *
(01)429 3047  OSI        London     *
(01)450 9764  TechnoLine London     @
(01)452 1500  Techno-line 2         @
(01)455 5380  NNBBS      London     +
(01)542 3772  WBBS       London     +
(01)542 4977  TBBS       London     *
(01)638 2034  CyberZone  London     *
(01)658 6942  Typnet     London     *
(01)679 1888  Distel     London     *
(01)679 6183  Distel     London     +
(01)735 6153  Brixton    London     @
(01)853 3967  Assylum    London     *
(01)883 5290  NBBS       London     +
(01)888 8894  Gnome/home London     @
(01)927 5820  Owltel     London     @
(01)941 4285  Metrotel   London     @
(01)954 9847  Dark Crystal          +
(01)960 4742  ITCU Exchange         @
(01)968 7402  Communitel London     @
(01)985 3322  Hackney    Hackney    @
(01)986 4360  Healthdata London     @
(0204) 43802  Bolton BBS Bolton    *#
(0206)862354  Pete's     Colchester *
(021)4303761  CBABBS     Birmingham *
(0222)461824  Capital    Cardiff    *
(0222)464725  Cardiff    Cardiff    @
(0223)243642  Acorn BBS  Cambridge  +
(0224)641585  ABERDEEN   Aberdeen   +
(0224)781919  Commodore  Aberdeen   *
(0247)455162  SBBS II    Ireland    +
(0258)54494   TBBS       Dorset     *
(0268)22177   BITEC      Basildon   +
(0268)25122   BITEC      Basildon   *
(0268)710637  RICBBS     Basildon   ?
(0295)720812  Bloxam BBS Bloxham    *
(0376)518818  REACT      Essex      *
(0384)635336  West Mid   Stourport  *
(0392)53116   CBBS SW    Exeter     +
(0394)276306  BABBS-1    Felixstow  *
(0395)272611  CFC        Exmouth    *
(0401)50745   MBBS       Leconfield *
(0429)34346   On-Line    Cleveland  +
(0443)733343  MGBBS      Ferndale   *
(0482)497150  Hamnet     Hull       *
(0482)859169  Forum-80   Hull       *
(0483)573337  Fido       Guilford   +
(0483)573338  Fido  2    Guilford   +
(04862)25174  PBBS BBS   Mitcham    +
(0492)49194   Cymrutel   Colwyn Bay +
(0506)38526   Livingstone BBS       *
(051)4288924  Mailbox    Liverpool  +
(0524)60399   CNOL       Lancaster  *
(0534)39389   Jersey Fido Jersey    *
(0592)860313  Amstrad BBS Fife      *
(0767)50511   CBBS       Nr Sandy   *
(0707)52242   RSGB       London     @
(0604)20441   Norview    Northants  +
(061)494 6398 Fido TeeP  Manchester +
(061)736 8449 Matrix     Manchester +
(0625)33703   Telmac 15 Macclesfield
(0698)884804  SABBS      Larkhall   *
(0702)5 6373  C.View     Kent       @
(0702)552941  Matel      Southend   *
(0705)524805  ApricotBBS Gosport    *
(0705)736025  BBSO9      Portsmouth ?
(0752)364059  Haunting   Plymouth   +
(0762)333872  PBBS       N. Ireland *
(0782)265078  Stoke ITeC Stoke      @
(0784)65794   Staines BBS Staines   +
(0792)203953  FBBS       Swansea    *
(0874)711147  Communitree Brecon    *
(0883)844164  LABBS      Surrey     +
(0895)420164  CBBS    West Drayton  *
(0895)52685   West Tech   Uxbridge  +
(0903)212552  Fido        Worthing  +
(0908)668398  Key-board   M. Keynes +
(0923)676644  SBBS        Watford   +
(0936)77025   NBBS        Sandbach  +

_____________________________________
Xx TECHNICAL TIPS
.......XL Ramdisk........
_____________________________________

Those of you with 130XEs already know
the power of the RAMdisk.  A RAMdisk
configures as part of the computer's
memory so it can be treated just like
a disk drive, boosting speed and
convenience (at the cost of available
memory, of course).

Good news! There is a chunk of unused
RAM area in the 800XL/1200XL that
sits under the ROM and is used only
occasionally by BASIC XE and a few
other programs.  You can renovate it
into a mini RAMdisk with the
following quick steps:

1) Boot DOS 2.5 with BASIC
2) Type the following:

POKE 1802,PEEK(1802)+128
DOS
L
RAMDISK.COM
I
8
Y
B
POKE 5439,56

The DOS menu (which is actually
called DUP.SYS) will now come up
instantly, loaded from a RAMdisk
known to your computer as drive 8.
You can put away your DOS disk. This
quick RAMdisk is limited to 15K (even
less once DUP.SYS is resident), and
that is not enough room to cache a
complex program or reams of data.
But if it fits, any chunk of code can
be kept there for instantaneous
RAMdisk retrieval.

This XL RAMdisk tip ONLY works with
the Atari 1200XL, 800XL, expanded
600XL, and 65XE computers.)
_____________________________________
Xx ZMAGAZINE ISSUE INDEX
...By: Ron Kovacs...
_____________________________________
Starting with this edition, we will
list an index to previously released
issues. Since much of our readership
as increased since the start of the
year, I will start at Issue #31. In 
the weeks ahead, I will go back to 
the start of New Jersey Zmag. 

If you are interested in reading any
of the older articles, Please send me
a note.

ISSUE 31             December 6, 1986
-------------------------------------
<*> Batteries Included drops copy
    protection on software.

<*> Star Raiders II and The Last
    Starfighter--Whats Up??

<*> ICD's Multi I/O Board-- Hands on
    review.

<*> New ST Mac-Cartridge and IBM
    emulator.

<*> Enlarging the ST Monitor screen.

<*> Games Computers Play- Review

<*> Atari 8-Bit Blues.. The Final
    Chapter.

<*> Updated Zmag Systems list.

ISSUE 32            DECEMBER 15, 1987
-------------------------------------
<*> Atari's 3rd quarter earnings--
    Looking Good!!!

<*> Newsroom for the 8-bits

<*> Chess for the ST

<*> Computer Phone Fraud--Phreakers
    indicted

<*> Editors Notes--Last Issue of '86

ISSUE 33              JANUARY 5, 1987
-------------------------------------
<*> PC Pursuit threatened by FCC
    Re-Regulation.

<*> Atari to market 32-bit business
    computer.

<*> Atari fairs debut across the US.

<*> New Atari 8-bit products.

<*> ICD- A visit with the company
    that is saving the 8-bits.

<*> Technical tips--The Atari XM301
    modem.

<*> Computer Expos--Flea markets and
    expos.

<*> PC Pursuit- Capsule review.

<*> Guest editorial-Alan Bechtold.

_____________________________________
Xx 8-BIT UPGRADES 
By:Scott Peterson _____________________________________
[ED. I have received 3 letters in the
 last few weeks about Zmagazine
 re-printing the Peterson 8-bit
 upgrades. Instead of running them
 for three straight weeks, I decided
 to include all three here.]

         -===============-

After reading and building both the
800/288K upgrade from (D.G.Byrd), and
the 800XL/256K upgrade from C.Buchholz.
I decided that there also had to be a
way to upgrade the 130XE. There is,
and thanks to the -Freddie- chip
(CO61991) this modification is much
easier to do than either of the other
upgrades.

To do the upgrade you will need a:

Soldering iron
De-soldering tool
Some fine wire.
See the parts list for the chips
needed.

First, remove both the case and the
metal shield to get down to the
mother-board. Then remove the eight
ram-chip U26 thru U33(MT4264). They
are the row closest to the TV RF
module. Next, install Z2 thru Z9 in
the place of U23 thru U33. These are
the 256K ram-chips. You can solder
them to the mother board, or use
sockets.  Now take a piece of wire
approx 12 in. long and run a jumper
from pin one on each of the 256K ram
-chips to the next.  After you do
this the wire will be connected to
pin 1 on Z2 thru Z9 and you should
have about 6 inches left over. Do
this on the rear of the mother board
and then snake the wire thru the
large hole near the ram chips.

Next, desolder and remove U23
(CO14795), and replace it with a 40
pin socket.  Bend up pins 15 and 16
on U23 and insert it in the socket
you just installed. Take Z1(74LS158)
and bend up all the pins on it except
pins 8 and 16. Put this -piggy-back-
on top of U20(HD14050) and solder
pins 8 and 16 of Z1 to pins 8 and 16
on U20. Now solder a short jumper
from pin 15 on Z1 to pin 8 of Z1.

Now, take a piece of wire about 4 in.
long solder one end to pin 30 on the
chip marked -CO14805- on the mother
board, and the other to pin 1 on Z1.
Next solder a wire to pin 15 (one of
the two you bent out) of U23 and
connect the other end to pin 2 on Z1.
Solder a wire to pin 16 on U23 and
connect the other end to pin 3 on Z1.

Take R1(33 ohm) and trim the leads to
about 1/4 in.  Take the wire you
connected to pin one on the 256K ram-
chips and solder it to one end of R1,
solder the other end of R1 to pin 4
on Z1. Re-assemble the RF shield and
case and you are done.

PARTS LIST.
-----------
Z1     74LS158(2 to 1 Multiplexer)
Z2-Z9  41256 dynamic RAM(150ns)
R1     33 ohm 1/4 watt resistor.
       1 40 pin socket.
       8 16 pin sockets(optional).

This upgrade has been built and
tested on a BBS, it has run for days
on end without a memory loss or
error.  If you need help or more
information feel free to call the
Peanut Gallery (408)-384-3906. 24HR,
300/1200 Baud. Leave mail to the
Sysop(thats me). Good luck and let me
know if you write a better handler.

If you are using MYDOS 3.016 and wish
to use Basic XE and a ram-disk at the
same time, boot DOS and poke 5275,163
and 5324,16. Go to DOS and write the
new DOS.  This will keep the two from
-bumping- into each other. A similar
poke can be done to DOS 2.5, it is
poke 4838,163.

The handler I have will set up 192K
of the extra ram as 2 SD ramdisks or
1 DD ramdisk.

If you are a hot-shotprogrammer (Im
not) I think a print spooler that
uses part of this ram would also be
very nice. This mod is easy to do and
perfect for running a BBS. One note,
on compuserve there is a mod by Rich
Andrews which should not be confused
with this one, his uses 33 new chips
and mine uses 9 new chips. Have fun.

      The 130XE/576K upgrade
.........by Scott Peterson...........
........Copyright (C) 1986...........
_____________________________________
Here we go again, this time I
recommend you have some electronics
experience if you wish to preform the
upgrade. Some of the work is
duplicated from the 320K upgrade so
320XE owners will not have as much
work to do. One other point, when in
the 576K mode you MUST use some sort
of basic cart. as you lose the
internal basic, this is only in the
576K mode, in the 130XE mode internal
basic will function normally.

TOOLS NEEDED;

To preform this upgrade you need the
following;

Low wattage fine tip soldering iron.
Vacuum de-soldering tool(like Radio
                   Shack PN#64-2098).
Some 30-gauge wire
(Radio Shack PN#278-501).

#2 phillips head screwdriver.
Heat-shrink tubing, 1/8 in. Dia.
Also a pair of small needle-nose
pliers and a small flat tip
screwdriver are handy.

PARTS NEEDED;

Z1     74LS158
Z2-Z17 41256(150ns.)
Z18    74LS138
Z19    7432
R1-R2  33 ohm 1/4 watt resistor.
S1     Micro-mini DPDT switch
       (like Radio Shack PN#275-626)

Remove the 130XE case and metal RF
shield to get down to the mother
board.(320XE users go to step two).

STEP ONE:

Now de-solder and remove the eight
ram chips U26 thru U33(MT4264). They
are the row closest to the TV RF
module (do NOT use solder wick, the
circuit board of the 130XE has very
weak runs and they will pull loose if
not completely de-soldered). Replace
these with the 16 pin low profile
sockets. Take a piece of wire approx
12 in. long and run a jumper from pin
1 of each socket to the next. When
you are done the wire should be
attached to pin 1 of each of the new
sockets and you should have about 6
inchs left over. Do this on the rear
of the mother board and then snake
the wire thru the large hole near the
ram chips.

Next, desolder and remove U23
(CO14795), and replace it with a 40
pin socket. Bend up pins 15 and 16
and insert it in the socket you just
installed. Take Z1(74LS158) and break
off pins 5,6,7,9,10,11,12,13,14. Bend
up the other pins on it except 8 and
16. Put this -piggy back- on top of
U20 (HD14050, or 4050 - located just
to the right of C50) and solder pins
8 and 16 of Z1 to pins 8 and 16 on
U20. Now take a short jumper from pin
15 on Z1 to pin 8 of Z1. Take a piece
of wire about 4 in. long, solder one
end to pin 30 on the chip marked
-CO14805- on the mother board, and
the other end to pin 1 on Z1. Next
solder a wire to pin 15(one of the
two you bent out) of U23 and connect
the other end to pin 2 on Z1. Solder
a wire to pin 16 on U23 and connect
the other end to pin 3 on Z1.

Take R1(33 ohm) and trim the leads to
about 1/4 in. Take the wire you
connected to pin 1 of the ram chip
sockets and solder it to one end of
R1, solder the other end of R1 to pin
4 on Z1.

STEP TWO:

Slide the mother board back into the
bottem half of the plastic case (do
not use the RF shield, you must be
able to get at the mother board), and
attach the keyboard. It will rest
above the mother board without
touching it. Test all 41256 ram chips
by putting one set of 8 in the
sockets and using the handlers (or
DOS's), and then the next. After
testing all ram chips remove them all
from the sockets, and take 8 of them
and cut about half of pin 15 off of
each one. Only the -fat- part of pin
15 should be left. After doing this
you have to -piggy back- the 8 256K
ram chips with the short pin 15's on
top of the other 8 256K ram chips.
Now solder all the pins together on
the stacked ram chips except for pin
15, it should not be touching the
other pin 15, make sure you have them
going pin 1 to 1, pin 2 to 2, ect.
When you get done you will have 8
sets of Piggy backed 256K ram chips.
Now take a piece of wire about 16 in.
long and run a jumper from pin 15 to
the next one on all the top 256k
DRAM's, leaving about 1 inch between
each ram chip. Put these stacked ram
chips into the 8 sockets you
installed earlier. Take Z18 (74LS138)
and bend up all the pins except 8 and
16, cut the  pins you bent up in half
so only the fat part is left, and
solder pins 8 and 16 to pins 8 and 16
of the other 74LS138 right below the
U23(CO14795). Take Z19 and bend up
all pins except 7 and 14, once again
cut all the pins you bent up in half
and solder pins 7 and 14 to pins 7
and 14 of the 74LS08 right below U23.

Take the wire you jumpered earlier to
pin 15 of Z10 thru Z17(the upper row
of 256K ram chips) and go out 2 in.
and cut the wire, now install R2 (33
ohm) between this cut. Place a piece
of heat shrink tubing over R1 and
make sure no wire is exposed and heat
it with a lighter. Take the other end
of this wire and connect it to Z18
pin 14. Find the 2 33 ohm resistors
just to the right of U28(one of the
ram chips you socketized). The upper
one of the 2 is R111, desolder the
right leg of it and bend it up. Take
a piece of wire and solder it to the
land where you just removed the leg
of R111. Connect the other end to Z18
pin 4. Trim back the leg of R111 and
solder a wire to it, slip a piece of
heat shrink tube over it and heat it
up. Now connect the other end to Z18
pin 12. Take a short wire and run a
jumper from pins 1 and 16 of Z18.
Take another short wire and connect a
jumper from pins 3,5, and 8 of Z18.
Now connect a wire from Z18 pin 2 to
Z19 pin 3.

Find the wire you installed from U23
pin 15 to Z1(74LS158) pin 2 and
desolder it from U23. Take it and
reconnect it to Z19 pin 11. Ok, now
pry U23 (CO14795) back out of the
socket and bend up pin 11, plug it
back in. Run a jumper from pins 1 and
4 of Z19, and another jumper from
pins 10 and 13 of Z19. Connect a wire
from U23 pin 11 to Z19 pin 1, and
from U23 pin 15 to Z19 pin 13. Now
connect a wire from Z19 pin 8 to the
right side of the 3.3K ohm resistor
marked R206 (located at the bottom
right of U23). Connect a wire to Z19
pin 6 and run it to pin 18 of U3
(CO61618). Now comes the tricky part,
drill a small hole(1/4 in. or so,
depending on the switch size) at the
rear right on the back of your 130XE.
Take the small DPDT switch (S1) and
install it in the hole. Now connect
it as shown (make sure the switch
DOESNT have a center off position);

            S1(rear)
   U23       ________        U23
 pin 20 ----|-O    O-|----- pin 1
            |  \  /  |
   Z19   ---|-O \/ O-|---   Z19
pins 2+12   |   /\   |    pins 5+9
            |  /  \  |
            | O    O |
            |________|
Note: where the wires cross in the
middle, they are NOT connected. Make
the connection from the switch to U23
on the rear of the mother board. Well
that's it(thank god). Now re-assemble
the computer, being carefull not to
break any wiring going to the switch.
You should now have in one switch
position a 100% compatable 130xe, and
in the other you have a 576K 130XE
that does not have Antic memory
enhance mode and also can-not use
internal basic. In the 130XE mode you
gain 64K as bit 6 of the PIA can
still be used. The following page
list of the bit table and numbers to
be used in location 54017 (PORTB).
Once again, if you need help call the
Peanut Gallery BBS (408)-384-3906. If
you want a mailer of all the upgrades
I have as well as a disk with
handlers, source codes, ect. send a
money order(please, no checks) for
$10.00 to;

Scott Peterson
P.O.Box 33
Ft.Ord CA. 93941-0033

This includes the 800 288K upgrade by
D.G.Byrd, the 800XL/256K C.Burchholz,
the 130XE/320k upgrade and anything
else I finish. Good luck, and have
fun.

There is a version of MYDOS to
support this mod, its called 4.1A and
will run up to 32 16K banks. At this
time ICD is working on a RD.COM file
to support this. Also I have written
a machine lang. tester that will load
and test all 32 banks of memory to
insure that they are there and work.
Wonder how long it will take Jay
Torres to copy this one.
                 Good luck
               Scott Peterson

    The final step, the 1088XE

Well, this is it for me, the last
installment on the 130XE. I have not
built this mother, but the theory
behind it has been built and tested.
This doc assumes you have already
built and tested a 576K 130XE. To
finish it you will need the following
parts:

Quantity  Part No.  Description.
--------------------------------
    16    41256-15  256K DRAM'S
     1    7432      Quad OR gate
     1    7404      Quad invert
                    buff.
     2    33 omh    Resistors
     1    Small piece of PC board.
---------------------------------

Note: On the 74 series, you can sub
      them with 74LS series chips,
      they use less power.

Tools:

Nothing fancy, a fine tip soldering
iron and some fine wire,etc.

Mount the 7404 and the 7432 on a
small PC board(1in. X 2in.). Connect
together pin 14 on the 7432 and pin
14 on the 7404 with a length of fine
wire. This is the +5v supply to the
chips, connect it to pin 14 of any 14
pin chip in the 130XE any 14 pin chip
in the 130XE or pin 16 of any 16 pin
chip in the 130XE.

Next connect a length of wire to pin
7 of the 7432 and pin 7 of the 7404.
This is ground for the two chips,
connect it to pin 7 of any 14 pin
chip in the 130XE or pin 8 of and 16
pin chip. Next, take U23(U23) out of
the socket and bend up pin 17,
reinsert it in the socket. Solder a
piece of wire to pin 17 of U23, and
connect it to the 7432 pins 2 and 5.
Next connect a wire to pin 14 on U23
(PIA) run it to pin 1 on the 7404 and
pin 1 on the 7432. Now connect a wire
from the 7432 pin 6 to pin 17 of the
socket U23 is in. Find the 74LS138
you piggy backed to the mother board
when doing the 576k mod. Remove the
jumper from pins 1 and 16. Solder a
wire from pin 3 of the 7432 on the PC
board to pin 1 of the piggybacked
74LS138. Put some double backed tape
on the PC board and stick it
somewhere on the mother board of the
130XE.

RAM-CHIP installation(lots of them!)
Take the 16 new ramchips and cut pin
15 on all of them in half so only the
'fat' part is left. Now, you have to
piggy back them on-top of the 64K
drams(the left-most row of chips).
Solder in 8 of them, connecting all
pins except pin 15, then connect a
jumper to pin 15 of each new ramchip.
Make sure you have about a foot left
over. Solder in the next 8 doing the
same thing. When you get done you
should have 2 new rows of 256k DRAM's
soldered in on-top of the 64K DRAM's,
with a 2 wires, one connected to all
pin 15's of the middle row and
another connected to all the pin 15's
of the top row. Take one wire and go
out a few inches and install a 33 ohm
resistor in-line, cover with heat
shrink tubing and do the same to the
other wire. Connect one wire to pin
15 of the 74LS138 and the other to
pin 13 of the 74ls138.

Your done!!! Sorry, as of right now
I know of no software to run on this
I release this doc file with out
testing it. I have built the small
circuit on the PC board and connected
it in a 576K 130XE and used it to
move the memory instead of the basic
control bit, so I know it works, this
little circuit works in both the
800XL or 130XE if you have something
you would like to use bit 7 (self
test bit) for. If you have
constructed a 320XE mod and would
like to use bit 7 instead of bit 5,
this is a good way to do it. A
warning though, you will regain your
antic enhanced mode but software
written for the original 320XE mod
will not run on it after you do it.
If you are trying to figure out your
memory control bits here's a cheat
sheet.

Decimal       128 64 32 16 8 4 2 1
             ---------------------
Control bit     7  6  5  4 3 2 1 0
             ---------------------

Just find you control bits and add
them up to figure out the decimal
control number. When you get done you
should have in one switch position
a 130XE with 320K,built in basic and
antic enhanced mode. In the other
position you lose antic enhanced
mode, internal baisc but you have
1088K of memory, 64 banks of 16K.
By the way, typing BYE will still
throw you into the self test mode
(bit 7 still works). If anyone
complete's this monster, please call
my BBS at (408)-384-3906, or leave
me a message at compuserve.
             Good Luck
              Scott
_____________________________________
Xx ZMAG ST NEWSFILE
 ....Navarone Announces Hardware....
 ....Tackle Box ST..................
 ....Family Computing Report........
_____________________________________
(Sonora, CA)

- Navarone Industries,Inc. recently
announced the addition of the -ST
SOUND DIGITIZER- and -ST VIDEO
DIGITIZER- to its product line for
the Atari ST. The two low-cost
hardware peripherals bring the world
of sight and sound directly into the
heart of the computer.  In addition
to the new products announced,
Navarone manufactures -TIMEKEEPER-, a
battery-backed clock/calendar with
built-in extender slot for the Atari
ST.

Easy-to-use GEM-based software comes
with each digitizer and -TIMEKEEPER-
from Navarone.  The software is mouse
controlled and designed to support
both monochrome and color systems. An
added benefit from Navarone's video
software is its compatability with
the video digitizer previously
manufactured by Hippopotamus
Software, Inc.

-TIMEKEEPER- retails for $49.95 and
the -ST VIDEO DIGITIZER- and -ST
SOUND DIGITIZER- (software included)
and available at a retail price of
$139.95 and $159.95, respectively.
Navarone plans to make the standard
ST video software available as a
separate package for users who wish
to upgrade their Hippo hardware. The
software will be sold at $19.95 only
from Navarone.

Navarone's customer support policy
requires users to return the product
registration information.  Product
support is available only to
registered users.

For more information on Navarone
Industries and Navarone products,
call toll free 1-800-624-6545, or in
California 1-800-654-2821.  Navarone
will be happy to provide you with
information on distribution and
dealers located in your area.

Navarone Industries, Inc.
21109 Longeway Road, Suite C
Sonora, CA 95370
(209)553-8349
_____________________________________
TACKLE BOX ST:

A utility for Personal Pascal users.

If you are looking for complete
documentation on GEM calls for
Personal Pascal, then look no more!
Tackle Box ST contains everything you
need to make calls to GEM. If you are
a novice programmer, this utility may
be all the help you need to
understand GEMDOS.  Be forewarned, IT
DOES NOT TEACH YOU PASCAL! If you are
an advanced programmer, use this
utility as a quick reference to
GEMDOS.

This utility can be used to decode
'C' type GEMDOS statements.  This
utility was written as a service to
Pascal users.  In as much, we would
like to see a standard emerge for
GEMDOS Procedure or Function names.
In making the AES and VDI library
calls for example, we have stuck to
the 'C- convention of naming
Procedures and Functions.  Therefore,
if you run across a piece of 'C'
code, you can use our book as a
reference guide to their call and in
turn, make the same call in Pascal.
Once these standards emerge, GEMDOS
should become a little more self- 
documenting. If you do not agree with
our reasoning, don't despair, we give
you all the documentation and source
code to change the name to whatever
you like!

We are also in the process of writing
a newsletter called TB Newsletter.
This letter will actually be on disk
at a cost of $3.50 per disk(remember,
you get the first 3 issues free with
the purchase of Tackle Box ST). This
newsletter will be a vehicle for
updating Tackle Box ST, will be a
forum for discussing new Atari
developments, as means for
distributing public domain programs
and finally as a way for users to get
to know each other.  We are accepting
articles, demo programs and comments
at this time. Your help in 'getting
the word 'out' is much appreciated by
us and all those that you may help.

Please send your programs to us on a
diskette and please include the
source code so others may benefit.

All topics are welcomed!

TACKLE BOX is compatible with
Personal Pascal Version 1.11 and
lower. Updates will be made, if
needed, as newer releases of Personal
Pascal are made!

TACKLE BOX ST WILL BE AVAILABLE 16
FEB 1987

SUGGESTED RETAIL IS $39.95 AND ONLY
AVAILABLE DIRECTLY FROM:

SRM ENTERPRISES
P.O. BOX 40
USAFA, CO 80840
(303) 472-6624

Personal Pascal is a trademark of
Optimized Systems Software, INC.
_____________________________________
Family Computing Report

Reprinted By Permission From FAMILY
COMPUTING, (C) April 1987 By John J.
Anderson (CIS# 76703,654)

At COMDEX (Computer Dealers
Exposition) and CES (Consumer
Electronics Show) - both trade shows
held in Las Vegas recently - desktop
publishing was a buzzword.  Good
desktop programs were in abundance
for the ST.  CAD (Computer Aided
Design) was another big idea.

Many exhibitors at the Atari booth
had a 1040ST, a hard drive, and a
laser printer.  There printers were
lent by QMS, Hewlett-Packard, Canon,
and others.  Atari itself showed a
laser printer it plans to sell for
under $1,500.  Two WYSIWYG (What You
See Is What You Get) publishing
packages, -Publishing Partner- from
Softlogik (314-894-8608; $149.95) and
-Fleet Street Editor- from
Mirrorsoft, a British company
(011-44-1-377-4600/4384; $172.50),
attracted lots of attention.  Also
shown was the new -Typesetter Elite-
from XLEnt Software (703-569-8881;
$49.95) and the command-driven
-LaserType- from Softlab
(801-628-4969; $279).

        *** WHAT A CAD! ***

Progressive Computer Applications had
its -Graphic Artist- program
(301-340-8398; $199.95) working with
a huge IOLION (Houston Instruments
-compatible) plotter, creating all
kinds of architectural designs, page
layouts, and pictures.  Also in the
CAD area, Foresight Resources Corp.
had a top-notch package called
-Drafix 1- (1-800-231-8574; $249)
According to Foresight, it runs as
fast on an ST as it does an IBM PC/AT
(running at 8 MHz with a math
co-processor!).

Generic Software's -FirstCADD-
(1-800-228-3601; $49.95) was also a
popular exhibit, as was Abacus
Software's -PC Board Designer-
(616-241-5510; $195).

_____________________________________
ZMAGAZINE   MARCH 23, 1987   ISSUE 44
PLEASE CONTRIBUTE!!
REPRINTING OK
_____________________________________
(C)COPYRIGHT 1987 SYNDICATE SERVICES 
