//////////////////////////////////////
ZMAGAZINE 69  ////////////////////////
//////////////////////////////////////
September 4, 1987 (c)1987 Ron Kovacs
______________________________________
Published/Edited By: Ron Kovacs
Assistants: Ken Kirchner, Sue Perry
            Rich Decowski
Zmag BBS: (201) 968-8148   300/1200
______________________________________
Xx ZMAG INDEX 69
______________________________________
This is a special edition highlighting
the ATARI MAGIC SHOW in Detroit, Aug
28-30, 1987.  Zmag Correspondent Steve
Godun and UG Focus writer Mike Brown
sent in the following articles.

Also, Steve won the MIDI contest at
the show. Details ahead.

<*> ZMAG EXCLUSIVE SHOW REPORT
<*> USER GROUP FOCUS Special Edition
<*> ZMAG NEWSWIRE
<*> CORRECTION NOTICE
<*> MAGIC SHOW FIRMS
<*> ZMAG BBS LIST FROM ZIN BBS
<*> NEXT WEEK IN ZMAG/ST-REPORT
_____________________________________
Xx ZMAG EXCLUSIVE REPORT
  ...Atari MAGIC Show In Detroit...
_____________________________________
This text is (C)1987 Syndicate
Services.  Free distribution is
allowed privided this notice appears
and the text remains unchanged.

By Steve Godun (Zmag Correspondent)

The Atari MAGIC (Michigan Atari
General Information Conference) show
attracted young and old alike.  Some
50-60 software publishers, hardware
developers, magazine publishers, and
mail order houses attended the show.
Important names in the Atari
community were present, among them
Keith Ledbetter of Express fame, and
Neil Harris and Sandi Austin of Atari.

Important Atari supporters like ICD,
Atari (of course), Hybrid Arts, Antic,
MichTron, Astra, Abacus, and
Innovative Concepts were all showing
new hardware/software products for the
Atari 8-bit and 16-bit computers.

My first stop in the gymnasium-sized
Atari show was at Hybrid Arts' MIDI
setup.  At the heart of Hybrid Arts'
display was the impressive 16-player
MIDI-Maze game.  Surprises were abound
all throughout the show, but I was
more than startled to see no less than
16 of the ill-fated PS3000 color
monitor/disk drive units being linked
to 520ST's for MIDI-Maze.

Almost all the time during the show,
is was a free-for-all as people
scrambled for one of the 16 positions.
Hybrid Arts ran hourly tournaments
that all could get in on. Winners for
each tournament were given a pass to
return to the show on Sunday to
compete for the grand prize - a Casio
CZ-320C keyboard and a stack of Hybrid
Arts software.  I happen to have won
that prize (a little pat on the pack
please...).

Hybrid Arts also had two other
stations set up, each running with a
1040ST and several keyboards. The show
is always alive with very well created
melodies.  No Walkman units wanted
here!

Next to Hybrid Arts was a large indoor
tent that housed Atari Corp's
products.  Several 520ST-FM, 1040ST,
and 130XE computers were running the
most popular Atari softwarem such as
-Battlezone-, -Rogue-, and -Joust- on
the ST's with -Planetarium- and
-AtariWriter Plus- on the XE's.  The
XE Game System was also displayed
running -Bug Hunt-, the first game to
use Atari's TV gun.  Other Atari
products were present, most notably
the Atari PC (very nice unit, although
very slow when compared to the ST
speeds), the Atari Laser Printer
(producing free samples of high
resolution flyers), the Mega ST-4
(many of the other developers were
also using pre-production models with
no Blitter chip for demos, although
Atari's model did indeed have Blitter
installed), and the still-to-be
-released SX-212 modem.

All models except for the Atari PC are
clothed in Atari XE grey with slanted
lights and an almost art-deco insignia
(the word -Laser- on the laser printer
is in a 'hot pink' color).  The Atari
PC is set up in bone white.  A
monochrome monitor was being used on
the PC.  No comment from the guys from
Atari.  Also, there was still no sight
of the 8-bit 80 column card or the new
XF551 disk drive.  Atari claims
problems adapting the SX-212 to the
8-bit, although on the ST it runs
fine.  The XF551 is -still very early
in its development to be shown-.  No
comment pertaining to the XEP-80.
Hmmm...

Atari is still -iffy- on release dates
for these products.  The laser
printer, Mega ST-4, and the XE Game
System are scheduled for mid to late
September (-Definately way before
Christmas- says Neil Harris), and the
Atari PC and SX-212 are to be released
shortly thereafter.

Innovative Concepts, a relatively
small company with some really neat
8-bit upgrades, showed several new
products.  A kit that allows you to
install four function keys (like the
extinct 1200XL) on any XL/XE computer
was available for $15.  The keys are
totally programmable (nice for making
macros in modem programs), and default
to cursor control, key click on/off,
etc.  The ICX-85 keypad (a modified
Atari CX-85 keypad that needs no
handlers yet works with all 8-bit
software) was available.  A trade-in
policy is in effect; Send them your
CX-85 keypad and you'll save $10 on
the ICX-85.  RAM-Aid is for owners of
upgraded XL/XE Ataris. Install this,
and you now have the capability to
perform a coldstart without turning
your computer off, but still retain
all data in your RamDisks.  An
external modem speaker, Modem-Mouth,
is for modems who don't have one (like
the Atari 835 and 1030).  Contact
Innovative Concepts for prices,
information, and ordering.

Microdaft of -Chipmunk- fame was there
showing two new arcade games.
-Dropzone- is a Defender-like game
that offers high resolution graphics
and excellent animation.  -Solar Star-
is a hybrid game that reminds me
somewhat of the Tron -Light Cycles-.
You travel over a huge grid avoiding
walls while trying to shoot and
overcome energy areas and crystals.
Both games are for the 8-bit Atari
(hints of a C-64 version were dropped)
and are scheduled for release on
October 1st.

A most interesting product was shown
by Quantum Microsystems.  They were
showing a pad that looked very much
like a large (17.5-x11-) white Koala
pad, but it had a thinner, wired
stylus and was connected to an ST.
Moving the stylus across the pad
simulates the movement of a mouse.
Labeled as -ProTablet ST-, Quantum
claims their pad is much more accurate
than the Atari mouse, allowing up to
250 lines per inch. -ProTablet ST- is
available now for $395, and includes
the tablet, digitizing pen, cable, and
driving accessory.

ICD, along with the Keith -Mr.Express-
Ledbetter, was showing their newest
addition to the Express line of modem
software, -BBS Express ST-. Only for
the ST, -BBS Express ST- is probably
the best ST BBS program around today.
-BBS Express ST- is just starting to
ship for a list price of $79.95.  It
features 40/80 column support, XMODEM
and YMODEM protocols, threaded message
bases, full descriptions on all UL/DL
files, and COMPLETE sysop maintenance.
Some lucky show purchasers got a
personally autographed copy of the new
program (at no extra cost).

Also being shown at the ICD booth was
a 60-megabyte hard disk for the ST.
It is actually two 30-meg hard disks
in one sleek, attractive case, but
offers more than a conventional hard
disk.  Besides the storage, the ICD
model also contains a silent fan and a
real-time clock/calander.  The unit is
large and strong enough to support an
ST monitor.  The model shown was not a
complete model.  No list price or
release date was given.

When asked about SpartaDOS-X, the new
cartridge-oriented DOS for Atari, ICD
claims to be working on it but are
having a few difficulties in
programming.  This new DOS will be on
a 256K ROM cartridge and will have a
souped-up version of SpartaDOS 3.2 on
it, along with a database and
-whatever else we can think of-.  ICD
is considering much input from the
current Atari community, so if you
have a suggestion for Sparta-X, send
them your ideas!

When asked about problems with the MIO
board, ICD claimed to have fixed all
known bugs prior to June 1987 and is
still shipping both the 256K and 1-meg
models.  The 80-column adapter is
-loosing interest...because of a lack
of a suitable market-, so even that
might not hit the streets in the near
future.  But, you never know.

The MichTron display occupied most of
the far wall.  Their feature product
was the arcade-to-home laser game
-Dragon's Lair- (marketed as -Journey
Into The Lair- for copy-right
reasons).  The version they had
running was played on a 1-meg
520ST-FM, color monitor (for player
input), Panasonic video disc player,
and a Panasonic TV (for showing the
pictures).  The game is great in
itself, although it loses just about
all of its original arcade action. No
longer is -Dragon's Lair- a split
second arcade adventure; the player
can now spend (literally) hours
deciding on where to go.  Joystick
input has been substituted for a slow
point-and-click mouse command.  You
actually have to tell the computer
what to do; no more simple up/down/etc
moves to memorize, you now have to
say, for example, -Turn Swing Sword-
to vanquish a creature in one
instance.  Personally, I don't think
this will sell very well.

Plans to incorporate the other two
major laser arcade games, -Space Ace-
and -Cliff Hanger-, are in the works.
No release date was set, although pre-
orders were being taken at the show.

Other MichTron releases include -Maz-,
a sort of computerized cat and mouse
game were you must find the exit to a
huge maze before your opponent does
while avoiding the always moving cat.
-Airball- is a offshoot of -Marble
Madness-, but with a more 'natural'
background to it.  Instead of a
scrolling abstract maze, you now have
a screen-by-screen maze lined with
trees (well, that's what they look
like) and such. MichTron was also
offering RAM upgrades for the ST.  A
2-meg 520ST kit and a 2.5-meg 1040ST
kit are available, and both require no
soldering inside the ST.  Contact
MichTron for details.

Alpha Systems had the -Turbocharger-
on display.  This is a double sided
8-bit disk that is packed full of
useful ML subroutines that you can
incorporate into your BASIC programs.
Also for the 8-bit, the -Parrot II+-
was there.  Those familliar with the
original -Parrot- know that the
hardware part isn't very sturdy or
sensitive.  The new version is VERY
strong and VERY sensitive, and makes a
clearer digitized sound - almost as
good as an ST!

Speaking of ST sound, Alpha Systems
also produced -Digisound-, the ST
equal to the -Parrot II+-.  The unit
on display was quite impressive. Sound
is practically flawless when compared
to the original source. Excellent!

-Magic Sac+- wasn't as popular as Data
Pacific had hoped.  It certainly
wasn't one of the busier booths at the
show.  On a 4-meg ST, the user can
have up to a 3900K Macintosh capable
of running most popular Mac software.
However, in order to use the software,
the user must have several things.
Among them are a set of Mac ROM chips
(so that the thing will work in the
first place), access to a Macintosh
computer, and communications software
for both computers.  Null modem cables
are provided with the Sac+, a helpful
surprize.  The -Magic Sac+- also has
its own clock/calendar for time/date
stamping.  Details were limited to an
8.5-x11- flyer, and reps at the show
were somewhat unwilling to speak about
certain compatability problems.
Contact Data Pacific for more details.

The show attracted many mail order
houses.  Mars Merchandising was there
in full force with great deals on
8-bit and ST products stacked from
floor to ceiling (literally).  Sector
One Computers, with not nearly as much
stuff as Mars, was doing well in their
double booth.  Basic Bits And Bytes
was a bonanza of Atari printers,
50%-off software, and more than I can
list.  They were the only place at the
show selling the Indus ST DS/DD disk
drive, a unit about 1/2 the size of an
ST drive and runs (of course) much
quieter and a bit faster.  Rite Way
Computers was offering membership into
a software preview club along with
many other nice deals.

Since this IS an Atari-oriented show,
user groups were abound.  GAG (Genesee
Atari Group) was there showing off
their newest Print Shop application,
-Cute Labels- by Jim Steele. This will
print out 1-x3.5- labels using
multiple fonts and Print Shop icons.
This is a VERY flexible label program!
GAG is offering -Cute Labels- alone
for $9.95, and a pack of 6 Print Shop
icon disks (around 600-700 icons) for
$20.  A complete -Cute Labels- package
(-Cute Labels- plus the 6 icon disks)
is available for a mere $27.
Incredible bargain!

MACE, Michigan Atari Computer
Enthusiasts, was there selling back
issues of -MACE Journal-, trying to
gain new members, and showing a few
demos.  Other user groups, WAUG
(Washtenaw Atari Users Group), GLASS
(Great Lakes Atari ST Support), CHAOS
(Capitol Hill Atari Owners Society),
and of course, MAGIC were all present
and showing off some of the latest ST
and 8-bit programs, demos, and
hardware (like the Mega ST-4).

Overall, the show was a grand success
for user and vendor alike. Everybody
went home happy and almost nobody left
empty-handed.  I was a bit sad when I
walked into the large once-filled
ballroom and saw nothing but soda
bottles, product flyers, and empty
bags.  Oh well...There will be other
shows.  But the Atari MAGIC Show has
proven, once again, that Atari
computers are here to stay, this time
for good.

Until next time...
______________________________________
Xx USER GROUP FOCUS (Special Edition)
______________________________________
 ___________User Group Focus__________
            by M. G. Brown

This past week, I had the good fortune
of attending the MAGIC Atari Show in
Detroit, Michigan. For those of you
who were there, I do not have to tell
you that it was a well thought out
effort by three Atari user groups in
the eastern Michigan area;

Michigan Atari General Information
Conference (MAGIC)

Genesee Atari Group (GAG)

Great Lakes Atari ST Support (GLASS)

This is not to imply that these were
the only user groups involved, there
were most of the major groups from
Michigan playing an ACTIVE part in the
show, and several groups from Ohio,
Indiana, and Illinois were out in
force! I did not realize the extent of
the participation of the user group
community until the -User Group
Roundtable- on Saturday. One of the
best things about it was the fact that
the -featured- speaker, Sandi Austin
of Atari, was late!  It gave the
attendees time to unwind and get to
know each other a bit. However, when
Sandi arrived, the jovial atmosphere
seemed to vanish and almost a tense
atmosphere prevailed.

By the nature of the questions and
comments fired at Ms. Austin, it was
apparent that Atari enjoys a less than
favorable impression among those
attending the Roundtable. The feeling
is that Atari could and should be
doing more to support the user groups
and the user community in general. As
saddened as I was by the attitude in
the room, I must agree that the tide
is slowly turning; Atari's best
spokesmen, the user groups and the
upper 25% of the Atari users, are
turning cynical. Hardly anything that
was said by an Atari representative
during the seminars (I attended most
of them) was not met by an attitude
that they were joking (In one seminar,
a Neil Harris statement was followed
up in a loud voice by -Good one
Neil!-).

It is sad to see such a hopeless
attitude by the user community here in
the midwest. If I was Ms. Austin or
Mr. Harris I would seek ways to
improve User and User group relations
and certainly NOT make statements such
as were quoted in a recent issue of
-Computer Shopper- magazine attributed
to Mr. Harris during speeches to user
groups during CES week in Chicago. I
will not dignify Mr. Harris' words by
repeating them here, but if it was me
and my work that he was referring to,
I would be considering legal action!

The bottom line is this: Atari must
come out of its fog and realize that,
with proper -stokes- the established
Atari user base will sell a lot of
computers and game systems. The Atari
Fairs across the country are a
brilliant move to put on a good face,
don't go blowing it with ill advised
words or poor attitudes...enough said!

As I stated eariler, one of the
unexpected benefits of attending the
Atari fair in Detroit was being able
to rub elbows with members of other
user groups and picking up material
for this column... I bought a couple
of copies of Michigan Atari user group
newsletters while I was up there, and
got somewhat of an education on the
state of things: 

Atari in the great lake state.

In the coming weeks I will give my
views on all of the publications that
I picked up, but for this time I want
to let you in on a rather unique
newsletter.

One of the big problems that small
Atari user groups face, is the cost of
publishing and distributing their
newsletters. Several Michigan Atari
Groups put their heads together and
came up with a creative solution: They
merged all of their small newsletters
into a LARGE newsletter called the
-Michigan Atari Magazine-. The clubs
participating in this joint venture
are CHAOS (Lansing), GAG (Flint), TAG
(Saginaw, Bay City, Midland), BKAUG
(Battle Creek), WAUG (Ann Arbor),
GKAUG (Kalamazoo) and GRASS (Grand
Rapids).

Although this publication is not quite
in the leauge with -Current Notes-, it
certainly is a well put together
newsletter with a heavy emphasis on
activities within the individual
clubs. It must be great for
Michiganians to keep tabs on their
sister groups in -their- newsletter!
I'm sure that the promotion of special
events (such as the Atari Fest) is
much easier to the expanded audience
reached by the Michigan Atari
Magazine.

The only bad note that I can think of
in a publication filled with
creativity and much original material,
is the somewhat uncertain typeset
quality. Quite a few of the article
headings seemed skewed at odd angles
to the text below them (indicating the
cut-and-paste school of typesetting).
I guess because of the otherwise
excellent quality of printing
(multi-color stock and ink!) and
graphics, this was emphasised out of
proportion. Editors Rich and Judy
Barnes deserve a pat on the back for
their efforts.

For more information on subscriptions
to the Michigan Atari Magazine, please
contact them at P.O. Box 16132,
Lansing, Michigan 48901.

I am still in need of user group
newsletters and information for this
feature! Please send material to M.
Brown, 268 E. Fourth St., Box 32,
Ashland, OH 44805, or upload to the
Balloon Works- 419 289 8392. Thanks!
______________________________________
Xx ZMAG NEWSWIRE
______________________________________
ATARI'S TRAMIEL READY FOR BATTLE

Quoting Gen. George Patton and
sounding a lot like a coach psyching
up for the big game, Jack Tramiel says
his Atari Corp. is ready to become
America's consumer electronics
supplier.

Speaking with business writer Bob
Webster of United Press International,
the 59-year-old Tramiel says, -One of
the people I admire is Gen. George
Patton. In business, whatever we do we
go out there to win, not to play the
sport. We have the best product, the
best personnel and the best locations
to make sure we win.-

Atari has made headlines last week
with its plans to buy out the 67-store
Federated Group retail electronics
store.

Tramiel tells Webster that the chain
will be a key to his dream of turning
Atari into a -vertically integrated-
consumer electronics company.

-There are no companies of that nature
left in the United States,- Tramiel
said. -General Electric was the last
one. We are going to be an
international consumer electronics
company ....Computers are one of the
products. Hitachi and Panasonic do not
only make computers. I want to share
my (research and development) costs,
from designing and planning a product
from the component to the shelf. This
is the way my competitors in Japan
have done it for a number of years.-

Of course, Tramiel is not talking a
great deal about future products, but
he did tell UPI he now plans to
oversee Atari's development of a
CD-ROM product to be introduced this
fall. He also said Atari is
negotiating with several semiconductor
companies for a possible acquisition.

Of the Federated acquisition, Tramiel
says the company hopes the chain will
strengthen its sagging distribution.
-Instead of waiting for three or four
months to get a reaction from
retailers, by having an outlet I can
tell in six days,- Tramiel said.

Webster comments that -most previous
ventures by computer companies into
distribution have failed, except for
Tandy Corp.'s efforts through its
Radio Shack outlets. But distribution
alone does not appear to underscore
Tramiel's pursuit of Federated.-

That's the view of Jan Lewis,
president of Lewis Research Group of
Sunnyvale, Calif., who told the wire
service, -On the most simplistic
level, (Tramiel) wants to buy
distribution. But I think his plans
may be broader than that. Tramiel
comes from retailing and I think he
may see farther than others in the
marriage of computers and consumer
electronic products.- --Charles Bowen
______________________________________
NEW YORK PC EXPO SHOW ROUNDUP

News briefs from the PC Expo, New York
City's largest computer show. The 5th
annual event attracted about 50,000
corporate users during its three day
run.

 -:- Microsoft Corp. announced version
     4.0 of Word and said worldwide
     revenues from the Word product
     line reached $60 million in the
     just completed fiscal year.
     September 7th has been set as the
     shipping date for Microsoft's
     first CD-ROM title, the
     Bookshelf, a collection of 10 of
     the most-used reference works.
     The reference words include the
     American Heritage Dictionary, The
     US Zip Code Directory, Bartlett's
     Familiar Quotations, Roget's
     Electronic Thesaurus and the 1987
     World Almanac and Book of Facts.

 -:- Computer Associates of San Jose,
     Calif., SuperTools, introduced
     four add-on products for Lotus
     1-2-3 and SuperCalc 4: an
     auditor, macro analyzer, pop-up
     notes, sideways printer.

 -:- Laser Friendly of Sunnyvale,
     Calif., announced the
     availability of its high-end
     desktop publishing package, The
     Office Publisher.

 -:- Hot Line 2.0 from General
     Information of Kirkland, Wash.,
     is an electronic telephone
     directory and dialer which has
     more than 10,000 national
     listings including 800-numbers.
     An unlimited number of personal
     and business numbers can be
     added.

 -:- Office Writer Express from Office
     Solutions of Madison, Wis., is a
     full-featured word processing
     program with built-in
     telecommunications that is
     targeted for laptop computer
     users.  --Daniel Janal
______________________________________
Xx CORRECTION NOTICE
______________________________________
User Group article on the C.V.A.C.C.
First the officers were presented
incorretly, they are as follows:

        President     Jim Stewart
        Vice Pres     Don Crano
        Treasurer     Jim Worley
        Librarian     Gregg Roesner
        Secratary     Tim Blinn
Commitee Chairman     Harry Gross
        NewsLetter    Terry Russell
   Demo Cordinator    Don Crano

Second the number to call for
information is:

     Jim Stewart (216)-745-3597

Third in respect to the Country
Kitchen restaurant, it is not a fast
food or pancake house, but a Family
restaurant....

Fourth the C.V.A.C.C. has been a
registered Atari user group since
1980.

Also we DO NOT have alternate weeks
for 8 and 16 bit computers. Any
meeting night, 2nd and 4th Tues. of
the month, are devoted to Atari
Computers and there is either demo's
for both or computer time for both...

We here at Zmag apologize for the 
printing error.  Thanks go to Don
Crano, VP of CVACC for supplying the
update information.
______________________________________
Xx MAGIC SHOW FIRMS
______________________________________
Hybrid Arts 11920 Olympic Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA 90064 (213)826-3777

Atari Corp. 1196 Borregas Ave.
Sunnyvale, CA 94089   (408)745-2012

Innovative Concepts 31172 Shawn Drive
Warren, MI 48093      (313)293-0730

Microdaft 19 Harbor Drive
Lake Hopatcong, NJ 07849 (201)663-0202

Quantum Microsystems PO Box 179
Liverpool, NY 13088   (315)451-7747

MichTron 576 S. Telegraph
Pontiac, MI 48053     (313)334-5700

Alpha Systems 1012 Skyland Drive
Macedonia, OH 44056   (216)467-5665

Data Pacific 609 East Speer Blvd.
Denver, CO 80203      (303)733-8158

Mars Merchandising 15 West 615
Diversey Elmhurst, IL 60126
(312)530-0988

Basic Bits And Bytes 34815 Ford Road
Westland, MI 48185   (313)595-3171

ICD, Inc. 1220 Rock Street
Rockford, IL 61101-1437 (815)968-2228
______________________________________
Xx ZMAGAZINE BBS LIST
______________________________________

|BBS NAME  | HELP BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 316-683-7514
|HIGH BAUD | 3/12/2400
|COMPUTER  | ATARI 800XL
|SOFTWARE  | OASIS
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | ZMAG,OASIS SUPPORT BBS
|COMMENTS  | HOME OF OASIS

|BBS NAME  | RATCOM BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 301-437-9813
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | ATARI
|SOFTWARE  | OASIS
|PC PURSUIT| YES
|FEATURES  | 25 MEG SYSTEM
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG AND FEATURES

|BBS NAME  | TIMELINK BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 201-469-4474
|HIGH BAUD | 300
|COMPUTER  | ATARI 800XL (256K)
|SOFTWARE  | BBS EXPRESS!
|PC PURSUIT| YES
|FEATURES  | ZMAG, 7 MSG BASE
|COMMENTS  | NEEDS MORE ACTIVIT

|BBS NAME  | PORTLAND EXPRESS
|TELEPHONE#| 503-244-3254
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | 65XE
|SOFTWARE  | BBS EXPRESS
|PC PURSUIT| YES TOTALLY
|FEATURES  | ALL N MORE!
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG

|BBS NAME  | BAYSHORE BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 201-787-6627
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | SUPPORTS ALL COMP.
|SOFTWARE  | RUNNIN ON OASIS
|PC PURSUIT| MOST DEFINATELY
|FEATURES  | ATLANTIS USER GROUP
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG

|BBS NAME  | GATEWAY ST
|TELEPHONE#| 609-931-3014
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | 1040 ST
|SOFTWARE  | CITADEL
|PC PURSUIT| UNKNOWN
|FEATURES  | ZMAG 80 COL HDHQ
|COMMENTS  | ALL CALLERS WELCOME

|BBS NAME  | THE PRAIRIE CHIP
|TELEPHONE#| 307-635-0148
|HIGH BAUD | 2400 !!
|COMPUTER  | ST / FOREM
|SOFTWARE  | FOREM
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | ZMAG,GOOD MSG BASES !!
|COMMENTS  | CALL WYOMING !!!

|BBS NAME  | ELYSIUM BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 816-761-2190
|HIGH BAUD | 2400
|COMPUTER  | 130XE 1 MEG
|SOFTWARE  | BBS EXPRESS
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | 2-20 MEG HARD DRIV
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG

|BBS NAME  | THE VOODOO TEMPLE
|TELEPHONE#| 201-762-4299
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | ATARI 130XE
|SOFTWARE  | CARINA BBS
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | 7 MSG. BASES
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG

|BBS NAME  | AXE***
|TELEPHONE#| 314-696-3506
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | 130XE
|SOFTWARE  | BBSEXPRESS
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | MAZE,TRIVIA,MOVIE 
|COMMENTS  | WE LOVE ZMAG

|BBS NAME  | THE LAND
|TELEPHONE#| 212-597-8520
|HIGH BAUD | 1200
|COMPUTER  | 130XE
|SOFTWARE  | OASIS
|PC PURSUIT| YES
|FEATURES  | VARIETY
|COMMENTS  | ZMAG,PUBLIC DOMAIN

|BBS NAME  | S.T.U.N.N.
|TELEPHONE#| (402)466-5339
|HIGH BAUD | 2400
|COMPUTER  | ATARI 520 ST
|SOFTWARE  | EXPRESS! ST
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | ZMAG
|COMMENTS  | THE PROGRAM IS FAS

|BBS NAME  | TEKTRON BBS
|TELEPHONE#| 918-835-5198
|HIGH BAUD | 24OO
|COMPUTER  | ATARI 130XE(320K)
|SOFTWARE  | OASIS!
|PC PURSUIT| 
|FEATURES  | ZMAG,LOTS TO DO!
|COMMENTS  | 30MEG 8/16BIT ATAR

|BBS NAME  | ST WIZARD
|TELEPHONE#| 609-627-4556
|HIGH BAUD | 2400
|COMPUTER  | ATARI ST
|SOFTWARE  | CITADEL
|PC PURSUIT| NO
|FEATURES  | ZMAG-D&D GAMES
|COMMENTS  | ALL WELCOME

What your BBS on the list?? Call (201)
968-8148!!!
______________________________________
Xx NEXT WEEK IN ZMAG/ST-REPORT
______________________________________
Next week:

<*> Completion of the 65XE Upgrade
<*> ML Programming
<*> Completion of the Carina Preview
<*> Highlights of a K.Ledbetter Inter.

In ST-REPORT #7

<*> Darek Mihocka Confrence
<*> Calamity Jane
<*> Mr. Goodprobe
<*> Zmag Newswire
______________________________________
Zmagazine #69  September 4, 1987
Happy Labor Day!!
Vacation begins for Parents!!
(c)1987 Ron Kovacs/Syndicate Services
______________________________________
