______________________________________
ZMAGAZINE 75          OCTOBER 16, 1987
(C)1987 Ron Kovacs/Syndicate Services
______________________________________
ZMAG INFORMATION NETWORK (201)968-8148
______________________________________
Publisher/Editor: Ron Kovacs
Assistants: Ken Kirchner/Susan Perry
______________________________________
Xx INDEX 75
______________________________________
<*> News Roundup------------Ron Kovacs
<*> Hardware Review--------SX212 Modem
<*> Atari News Update-----------CD ROM
<*> Reflections----From Portland Exprs
<*> 850 Modifications----By Mike Davis
<*> Zmag Technique-------Mr. Goodprobe
<*> Antic's 6th Shoppers Guide Part 1
______________________________________
Xx NEWS ROUNDUP
______________________________________
This past week the Atari television
ads for the XE Game System made it to
local television.  It was the first
ad I have seen in a few years!!  Good
Luck Atari!!!

The MEGAS are coming!!  Look for them
shortly in your area!!

The SX212 has trickled down to us
finally and this week we have a review
of it.

CompuServe is having a BBS author
confrence tomorrow evening (10-17) at
9pm.  If you are a member of the 
Atari8 SIG on CIS, Please make an
effort to ask your questions to the
authors of your favorite BBS program.
Expected guests include, Jerry
Horanoff, Keith Ledbetter, and many
more....

WHITEHOUSE COMPUTER is out of buisness
as you all might know.  We will update
you on this story next week.

And finally, a non-computer report--

As I am editing the final draft of 
this weeks issue, I hear that the
little 18 month old child, Jessica
McClure has been removed from the
well she has been trapped in for 57
straight hours.
______________________________________
Xx HARDWARE REVIEW
    ...By Bob Woolley   SLCC...
______________________________________
For those of you with no modem, or a
SIO connect 8-bit modem, or a 300 baud
modem (leave anybody out?), Atari has
got a great new product for you - the
SX212 1200 baud modem. It has a
standard RS-232 interface for those
users with an 850, or an ST, or a P:R
Connection and an SIO connector for
those 8-bitters who lack an RS-232
box. It is Hayes compatible and even
has a nice row of LEDs accross the
front of the unit to keep you informed
of its status (High Speed, Auto
Answer, Carrier Detect, Off Hook,
Receive Data, Send Data, Terminal
Ready, and Modem Ready).

The best thing about this guy is that
it only costs $99.95 - List Price. A
product of increasing integration, it
is another level up on the path to
single chip, 1200 baud, modems - much
like the 300 baud XM301 that preceded
it.

I can remember my first RS-232 modem.
It was also Hayes compatible, which
seems to mean that it has to have 6
million switches set before your
computer will talk to it. Not the
SX212. Absolutely nothing to set on
this guy. Move it from your 8-bit to
your 16-bit system ... works just fine
with no switch juggling. Aren't any to
mess with, anyway.  My X-Ray Vision
tells me that there are jumpers
inside, but it isn't something the
average guy is going to fool with. I
tried the 212 on my ST with FLASH.
Although I am not any kind of TP
expert, the modem worked just fine. It
seemed to be perfectly happy with
XModem downloads and such. Even the
operator trying to interrupt my call
didn't bring down the modem. Lots of
garbage, but carrier stayed up. This
is exactly what the computer industry
needs - an affordable product that you
just pull from the box and run !

When it came to my 8-bit system, I hit
a little snag. Since the modem would
connect to the SIO port, it has to
either emulate an 850 and the Hayes
modem, or not emulate the 850 and not
work on my 8-bit. Guess which one I
got?? Works just fine on the P:R
Connection as a Hayes (knew that since
it worked on the ST) . Didn't work at
all as an 850. I tried a Status
command to every address on the SIO
buss and got no response from the SX.
One thing for sure, no matter how it
works, the modem requires a handler.
Some devices load their own handler
and some programs replace them with
the handler that the program wants.
So, without a handler, I had no chance
to make the thing work. If the device
didn't even talk to the CPU on the SIO
buss, how could the handler talk to
the modem? The XM301 modem came with
an excellent communications program
and plenty of documentation on disk to
fully describe the handler necessary
for that device. I quickly learned
that an SIO cable (which is not
included in the box - for obvious
reasons. You can't use the SIO feature
without the handler) and a version of
EXPRESS will become available from
Atari at some future date. I should
hope so. Not requiring a P:R
Connection or an 850 can save an 8-bit
user as much as the cost of the modem
itself. This is one of the greatest
assets of this device, the ability to
run without additional interfaces.
Needless to say, this was most
discouraging. Maybe a little hacking
could help?

There was (is?) a company called
Advanced Interface Devices that made a
simple RS-232 adapter for the Atari
SIO buss. Since the SIO is already a
serial buss that can be programmed to
operate in almost any mode, they
thought they could just write a
handler and wire up a cable that would
suffice for RS-232 operation. They
produced the R-Verter and managed to
do exactly what I described - run the
SIO as an RS-232 serial interface.
With this in mind, and a little more
X-Ray Vision, it appeared that Atari
was using the same method on the
SX212. There is a two chip modem set,
a couple of RS-232 receiver/driver
chips, an audio amp, an LS logic chip,
and some sort of clock generator
inside this modem. It would be very
unusual for a modem chip set to be
able to talk to an Atari SIO buss
directly (the XM301 uses a
microprocessor to operate as a modem
and to talk to the buss). So, I had to
conclude that Atari used the R-Verter
approach. Close inspection of the SIO
pins indicate that the -Command line
(pin 7) is not even connected in the
SX212. No way to do SIO without that
pin. No SIO means an RS-232 emulator.
The only one that I am aware of is the
AID R-Verter.

So, I logged on to CompuServe and
looked for an R-Verter handler in DL2.
Luckily, I found exactly what I needed
in a file called RVHAND.XMO. It is an
R-Verter handler that has been
re-compiled for use with HOMETERM.
Following the RVHAND.DOC file, I
created a copy of HOMETERM that would
run on the R-Verter. Booted up on my
SX212 and got the 850 status screen.
Even though the modem is directly
connected, the program thinks it is
talking thru an 850. All the commands
that I needed worked just fine on
HOMETERM - downloads, disk
directories, pauses, everything!  Tom
Neitzel has passed on the word that
the same handler will allow the SX212
to run Amodem 7.4, a program that I am
not familiar with, but is very
popular. I have not tried to replace
the handler in EXPRESS with the
R-Verter code. I don't think that task
will be as simple as re-compiling the
code, since EXPRESS seems to use all
available memory. None the less, those
8-bit users who own SIO connect 300
baud modems can upgrade to the SX212
and start tele-computing immediately
with Amodem or HOMETERM.

One or two more comments.

The manual states that the modem
cannot be used on an 800XL with a
cassette recorder. The Motor line is
fed into the modem and is grounded
thru a 680 ohm resistor. This appears
to upset the 800XL or the recorder or
somebody. I don't see any significant
differences between the 800XL and the
rest of the Atari line in this
respect, so expect this restriction to
apply to all 8-bit models.

A suggestion is made to place the
modem on top of your disk drive and
the phone on top of the modem. Some
telephones have magnets in them - put
it someplace else if you are not sure.
Some disk drives generate considerable
heat, while the SX212 seems very cool.
I put my modem under my drive, leaving
the vents on top of the drive clear
for good cooling.

The bottom line on this modem is that
it is a great value for the money,
performs well and can be used on
either 8 or 16 bit systems with a
minimum of expertise. The 8-bit
software is not yet available from
Atari, but even that can be fixed for
the time being. No modem offers you so
much for so little. Don't overlook
this bargain!!
______________________________________
Xx ATARI NEWS UPDATE
______________________________________
Msg# : 3  
 Read: 1
Sent : Oct 13, 1987  at 10:40 PM
To   : ALL
From : MR. GOODPROBE
Subj : finally...

It seems that our patience with our
Beloved Atari is finally paying off.
Please capture this message and spread
it around to the faithful!

Last Saturday in London Atari showed
its CD Rom system, it will be
compatible for all computers, and its
presently available in a 350 meg
format. We are promised it later this
fall, but wouldn't look too hard for
it till this coming summer. Now pull
up a chair and I will type in an
article I just found in one of our
trade magazines that arrived
yesterday. The headline reads:

ATARI TO DISPLAY TRANSPUTER-BASED
WORKSTATION AT COMDEX

by Tom Moran

INFO World Oct. 12,1987 Volume 9,
Issue 41

In its first entry into the technical
workstation market, Atari Corp. will
show at Comdex prototypes of a
workstation that will operate at 10
MIPS (million instructions per second)
in its most basic configuration, the
company said.

Because the system supports the Inmos
T-800 Transputer CPU, which is
designed for parallel processor chips,
users will be able to add additional
transputers, perhaps as many as
several hundred working on one
application at the same time. In such
a system -its actually very easy to
have 100 MIPS for  very small amount
of money, - said Shiraz Shivji, vice
president of research and development
for Atari.

We're aiming at a price point under
$5,000 (for the basic system), but
that doesn't mean we will hit it,-
said Bob Gleadow, general manager of
Atari's UK operation. The basic system
will have one processor; more will be
added in cards holding 4 processors
each.

Gleadow declined to estimate what a
four-processor card might cost, based
on the market value of the Inmos
processor. -I'm sure the market price
is a lot more than we intend to pay,
so it wouldn't be a fair estimate.-

The Unixlike operating system for the
workstation will be Helios, under
development by Perihelion Software of
the United Kingdom. -Unix doesn't
support great graphics, so this is
like a cross,- said Gleadow. He
confirmed that the company is working
on a proprietary coprocessor chip for
music and graphics functions. He also
said that Atari is working on a chip
that will add virtual memory
capability to the Inmos transputer.

Atari hopes to begin production in
March or May. -there's more likely to
be slippage on the software than on
the hardware,- said Gleadow, noting an
operating system is more prone to
delays than a hardware design. The
company will first market the machine
to the United Kingdom and Europe
building up languages and applications
before introducing it in the United
States. -We would like to see it there
in late 1988,- said Gleadow. One of
the applications being developed by a
third party is a DOS emulation
program, he noted.

The workstation will include a very
high-resolution monitor being made for
Atari in the Far East, according to
the company, Atari will provide for
compatibility with the firm's Mega and
St line of computers, a spokesman
said.  Well, it appears our beloved
Atari, with the release of the long
awaited Mega ST, the showing of their
CD Rom system in London as announced
this past Saturday on the Computer
Chronicles (so nice to see Atari on
the news!) and now this announcement,
really are healthy and looking forward
to the future..just another reason to
BUY Atari! Is seems so long ago that
that Atari was nearly totally out of
the picture as far as the home
computer world goes,and now they are
alive, vibrant, and ready to take on
the BIG guns of the micro-world.

You and I of course will not be able
to afford these systems mentioned in
this article, but it will directly
affect you and I as we can expect
Atari to be around for a long, long
time, and therefore receive continued
product support, and that is super
news!

Finally, for those uninformed souls
amongst us,a CD ROm system, is a mass
storage device system, similar in some
ways to a hard drive in that you can
store large amounts of data in it. A
CD ROM system can hold 500+ megs
easily on a disk, (Atari has chosen a
standard format which will hold 350
meg on disk), while a hard drive can
hold large quantities of data, 20 and
30 meg being typical sizes of drives
today, with them extending as high as
160 on a single drive. The difference
between the two is that the CD ROM
system is NOT prone to head crashes
upon power failures as the hard drives
are, you can change the data-holding
disk in the CD ROM just as simply as
popping in a new record, while with a
hard drive -what you see is what you
get-. The price too is much more
affordable, and Atari plans to
introduce its CD ROM device at $650,
while the equivalent in hard drive
storage would easily run you over
$6,000! Until recently, CD ROM devices
were read only, but I have great news!
There is a fine gentleman over in the
United Kingdom that has a read/write
capable CD ROM system up and running
on the ST, and he plans to introduce
it next year, at a very affordable
price.

I don't know about you, but with each
passing day, I am more and more amazed
at how intelligent I was for buying an
Atari system, and the list of reasons
why is growing with each passing
moment!

Keep those Ataris hummin!
Mr. Goodprobe
(on lend from)
Midtown TV Atari 8/16 Repair/Sales
______________________________________
Xx REFLECTIONS
______________________________________
A Lot Has Changed In The World Of Home
Computing Since I Made The -Big-
Decision To Get A Home Computer Back
In Early 1983.

After Looking Around At The Various
Product That Was Available At The
Time, I Decided I Wanted An Atari 800.
It Seemed To Offer The Most Value, Had
-Massive- Memory (48K) And There Was A
-Sale- Going On At One Of The Local
Electronics Stores.

So In I Walked, Not Knowing A Disk
Drive From An Interface, And After
Thinking It All Over, Walked Out Armed
With An 800, The 835 (-Little Black
Box-) 300 Baud Accoustic Coupling
Modem, An 850 Interface, And An 810
Single Sided Single Density Disk
Drive.

Now At The Time, Most People Were Not
Buying The Disk Drive Initially Or The
Interface, They Were Using Tape
Storage Because Of The Cost Involved.
But As The Salesman Said, -Disk
Storage Is The Wave Of The Future, And
With This Interface You Will Be Able
To Expand Your System.-

The Price Of The 800 Was $495,
Discounted From Approximately $550 As
I Recall. I Was Sure That I Had
Everything I Would Ever Need To
-Compute- For A Lifetime.

I Got It All Home, And Started To Read
The Various Instructions. Disk
Operating System?? Formatting??
Bytes?? After About Two Hours, I Had
It Put Together And Working, I Thought
That To Be A Major Accomplishment.

With My Modem, I Received A
Demonstration Packet To Compuserve,
Dow Jones, And The Source. I Had Never
Realized That Any Of Those Services
Existed Electronically.

A Small Cartridge Came With The Modem,
It Was Called -Telelink1-. It Allowed
You To -Modem-, But There Was No
Provision To Download, Or Even Save
Text In Any Way.

On Compuserve I Learned That There Was
A Short 8 Line Program Called -Jterm-
Which Was Available To -Pull- Another
Bigger And More Powerful Program
Called -Amodem-. Someone On There Was
Nice Enough To Mail Me A Copy Of
Amodem, So I Could Then Download.

I Could NOT Believe It. Many BBS's
Have Come And Gone In Almost Five
Years, But Some Of The Ones I First
Called Are Still Around. Boards Like
MACE And MACE WEST, I Was In A New
World, Public Domain Software And
Information Exchange, The Only Problem
Was The Long Distance Charges To Get
THERE.

Things Are Quite A Bit Different In
1987, PC Pursuit Changed The
Prohibitive Cost Of Reaching Out Into
That Electronic -World-, It Will Be A
Tragedy If The -Average- Person Will
Again Not Be Able To -Modem- Unless
They Use Standard Long Distance Rates.

A Lot HAS Changed In The Last Five
Years Of Computing, But The One Thing
That HASN'T Is The Genuine And
Creative Constructive FUN An Ordinary
Human Being Can Receive From A Little
Grey -Machine- Sitting On A Desk.

Computing Like Life Is An
Unpredictable Adventure, A Learning
Experience Without Bounds. I Don't
Know What The NEXT Five Years Hold In
Store Technology Wise, But I DO Know
It Will Be Exciting, And For Me
Personally It All Started With That
Big Old Atari 800.

         C.K.
         Portland Express BBS.
         503-244-3254
______________________________________
Xx 850 INTERFACE MODIFICATIONS
      ...For BBS SysOps...
______________________________________
by Michael T. Davis

Introduction:

Since I run a BBS here in Ohio, I have
the -need for speed- that most SysOps
who run Atari (8-bit) based BBS'
usually have.  One of the things I
discovered early in my BBS setup,
though, was that the software I was
(and am) using (Carina) did not handle
premature logoffs well.  Instead of
detecting the loss of carrier
immediately, it just timed out.  I was
almost positive there had to be a
better way.

The second problem I was encountering
had to do with the fact that the 850
doesn't reset per se.  To reset the
interface, you have to toggle the
power switch off and on.  This can get
annoying if you are constantly
switching telecommunications software
or if your 850 is in a hard-to-reach
place.

Solution One:

(First of all, it would simplify
matters greatly if you have a 130XE.
While the modifications I am going to
describe should work with all (8-bit),
Ataris I can only give specific
directions for the 130XE, as that is
what I use.  At points throughout the
text, I will offer possible
alternatives, when I am utilizing an
XE-only feature.)

The 130XE does not use trigger input
four from the missing joystick four
port.  We can use this input on the
GTIA chip (pin ten (10)) to monitor
the Carrier Detect line in the 850
almost constantly.  (By the way, this
would be a good time to put in a plug
for Sam's Technical Reference Sheets..
they're great for just this kind of
work.)  Anyway, first identify the
Carrier Detect (CRX) line on port one
of the 850.  Looking at the port, CRX
is the fourth pin from the left on the
top row.  Now follow this line into
the 850.  You are trying to find
capacitor number 117 (C117).  It will
be the next-to-last capacitor in a row
of capacitors.  We will attach a
jumper wire to the side of C117 that
runs to the 6532 RIOT (RAM, Input/
Output, Timer) chip.  Solder it in at
that point any way you like.

The other end is a bit tricky for
non-XE owners.  Actually, the XL
series could probably follow the XE
scheme, but the locations of the
circuitry will be different.  For
XE/XL owners, solder the other end to
pin 12 of the SIO port (either one).
Pin 12 is the top right pin, as you
look at the port.  If you're doing
this for a 400/800 setup, you might
try pins 9 or 13.  Note that using
either of these, however, will prevent
use for their original purposes
(Proceed and Interrupt lines,
respectively).  This isn't too big of
a deal, since no one has taken
advantage of these lines to date.

As for the computer side, simply
solder a wire directly from pin 10 of
the GTIA chip to pin 12 of the SIO
port.  Users of computer models other
than the 130XE should connect this
line from the GTIA to the appropriate
SIO line...the same line they
connected the jumper wire to in the
850.

Now determining the status of CRX is
simply a matter of a PEEK to location
53265 ($D011).  It will be either on
(1) or off (0).  CRX provides an
inverted output; that is, if you get a
1, then there's NO carrier, a 0 means
there is a carrier.

Solution Two:

Find pin 1 of the 6507 in the 850.
This is the Reset line (and it is
active low).  To reset the interface,
we will run a line from this pin,
through the SIO cable, to pin 39 of
the PIA.  Note that this will prevent
the use of a cassette recorder (but
then who does serious work on cassette
nowadays, anyway).  Connect a wire
from pin 1 of the 850's 6507 to pin 8
of the SIO port.  Now, the tricky
part:  in the computer, cut the trace
to pin 39 of the 6520 PIA.  MAKE SURE
YOU ONLY CUT THAT ONE TRACE!!!  Also,
to make sure we are geting a clear
signal, it would be a good idea to cut
the trace at pin 8 of the SIO port in
the computer, too.  Then connect a
wire from pin 39 of the PIA to pin 8
of the SIO port within the computer.

To reset the 850 now, we need to lower
bit 3 of PACTL (54018; $D302). In
BASIC, this is accomplished with POKE
54018,52:POKE 54018,60.  (60 resets
PACTL to its original value and puts
the 850 back in -normal- mode.) Note
that if you wish to write an assembly
language routine to accomplish this,
you should use a suitable delay
between the time that you lower the
bit and the time you raise it back to
logic one.

Conclusion:

If you have any problems, or you just
want to get in touch with me, I may be
reached on CompuServe's Atari 8-bit
SIG (ATARI8).  My User ID is
72337,2075.  I am also online in
Columbus, Ohio on most of the major
Atari BBSes, including Pandora
(614-471-9209) and ACEC (Atari
Computer Enthusiasts of Columbus;
614-471-8559).

BCNU      Mike
______________________________________
Xx ZMAG TECHNIQUE
    ...Down with the Wave!...
______________________________________
by Mr. Goodprobe

The wave! The sportscasters seem to
have it in for this strange custom of
sports fans across the country. This
is he passing fad where spectators
will stand up and move their carcasses
in a weaving motion that is supposed
to make it look like a -wave- in the
stands. This type of support for some
reason is not like by sportscasters as
you pick up their constant
denouncements of the participants in
this American pastime. I have to admit
it did look funny last week though as
the -replacement- Browns were playing
the -replacement- Bills last weekend.
There were only 3 thousand fans in the
stands, and a group of 3 were doing
the wave in the stands...real
convincing wasn't it?

And we too have it in for the -wave-
don't we? This that annoying weave of
interference you get on your TV while
you try to diligently type a letter to
your relatives with Paperclip, or rid
the world of the plague that is
threatening it from the depths of
outer space! Oh for the clarity,
resolution and noise free operation of
a monitor!!! But alas and alack, you
are financially strapped and cannot
afford the luxury of a monitor! There
is hope and we shall proceed to
describe two very simple modifications
you can perform on your 8 bit Atari
system that will clear things up for
you in a hurry!

Obtain a small cardboard tube,
preferably the variety that is used
the hold your favorite bathroom
tissue. This is the perfect size, and
is readily available. Next you simply
wrap the extra RF wire from the RCA
jack at the back of your Atari
computer around this tube in tight,
close coils, leaving just enough to
reach to the back of your TV. Then
tape this coil with tape, packing tape
preferably would a good choice as it
would have the best holding power and
not take a large quantity to do the
job. Now go ahead and turn your system
on. You will note that as you move the
coil to face different directions that
the interference will lessen the most
at one position or another, simply
fasten the tube to stay in this
position and all will be well. What
you have done is actually tune the
interference in a direction which is
away from your system, and now you can
enjoy a much clear picture.

A second way to obtain these results
is the purchase a small 3 foot section
of RG-59 cable with the cable fittings
on both ends, and an adapter that has
an RCA style male fitting on one end,
and a standard cable fitting on the
other. Depending on the antenna input
of your TV, you will be able to either
plug the cable directly into your set,
or you will need a balun to connect
to the cable and then it will attach
to the 2 screw terminals on the set
marked -VHF-. The other end with the
RCA male on it plugs directly into
your computer. The only thing touchy
on this setup is that the RCA male
must fit TIGHTLY onto the computer
jack, or the lessening effect of the
cable will not be as great as the
ground will not be too hot.

Isn't amazing how something so simple
can improve things so greatly? If you
have any ideas or suggestions, no
matter how complex or simple you may
deem them to be, please send them
along and we will pass them on to the
Atari user.

Know what I'd like to see...

I'd love to see someone take many of
the fantastic projects found in BYTE
magazine, Radio-electronics and other
great publications, and convert them
for use on the Atari 8 and 16 bit
computers. It bugs me to no end as I
read these articles, when the author
at the end states: -It would be a
simple matter to convert this project
to work on ANY home computer. You only
need to...- as they proceed to state
alot of bland nothings which really
serve no purpose to help the user in
adapting these projects for use with
their system. Many of the readers do
not have the knowledge to do such a
changeover, and others such as my self
do not have the time to complete this
type of undertaking. Ah, you wonder
what type of projects I am speaking of
eh? How about:

 1. A Bio-feedback monitor
    (R.E. Oct 86 pg.88)

 2. A Frequency Generator

 3. A Computerized Scanner
    (E.S.&T. June 84)

 4. NE555 Oscillator Designer
    (R.E. June 86)

 5. Computer Aided Loudspeaker
    Enclosure Design
    (R.E. June 86)

 6. IC Tester

 7. Modem
    (R.E. Nov. 85)

 8. Computer Aided Power Control
    (M. E. Nov 85)

 9. Eprom Programmer
    (R.E. Nov 86)

10. High Resolution Adapter
    (R.E. Feb 86)

11. Printer Buffer
    (R.E. Sept. 85)

12. Parallel-to-serial converter
    (R.E. Sept. 85)

13. High Resolution Video Capture
    Device (was suitable to send live
    action video via the modem)
    (Byte 87)

14. Remote Computer Control (1000'
    range) of Robot
    (R.E. 86)

15. Home Computer Controlled Laser
    Light Show
    (R.E. 87)

And many, many more!!! Therefore, if
any reader has the time to convert the
pinouts and in some cases the software
written to drive these devices, there
is a grateful Atari community out here
that will welcome the chance to
continue the use of our Atari
computers in new and novel ways!

Keep those Atari's hummin!
Mr. Goodprobe
(on lend from)
Midtown TV
Atari 8/16 Repair/Sales
______________________________________
Xx ANTIC's SHOPPERS GUIDE for 1987
          ...Part One...
______________________________________
ANTIC PUBLISHING INC., COPYRIGHT 1987
     REPRINTED BY PERMISSION.

THE SIXTH ANNUAL ANTIC SHOPPERS GUIDE

By GREGG PEARLMAN, Antic Asst Editor

ATARI COMPUTERS

130XE

The Atari 130XE ($149.95) is a 128K-
memory computer that's capable of
running -serious- productivity
software without any compromise --
word processors with built-in spelling
checkers, large spreadsheets and
databases, etc. Yet it also has
Atari's traditionally excellent
graphics and ease of programming.  The
130XE runs all the software written
for any previous 8-bit Atari model,
and the keyboard action is nothing
short of outstanding. Overall, the
130XE is the best value in 128K
personal computers today.

65XE

The 65XE ($99.95) is essentially the
classic Atari 800XL repackaged in
sturdy gray plastic to match the rest
of the new Atari computer line.  It is
a worthy successor to 800 and 800XL,
continuing in the tradition of the
best 64K personal computers ever
brought to market.  Available for
considerably less than the low list
price at mass merchandisers, the 65XE
is a fine choice for first-time
computer buyers with its solid base of
good software and self-teaching books.

XE GAME SYSTEM

The new XE Game System ($149.95) is an
imaginatively designed two-piece 65XE
computer that comes with a detachable
keyboard, a light gun, joystick and
bundled cartridge software including
Flight Simulator II.  Atari is also
marketing new cartridge versions of
some 18 hit arcade and disk games at
$20 a piece.  The Game System runs all
previously released 8-bit Atari
cartridges -- or you could connect it
to a disk drive and run any 8-bit
Atari disk software.

Atari Corporation
1196 Borregas Avenue
Sunnyvale, CA 94086
(408)745-2000

(See the special START Buyers Guide
issue for an in-depth look at the
latest ST computers, software and
peripherals.)

BUSINESS & PRODUCTIVITY CALC MAGIC,
CREATIVE PROCESS

CALC MAGIC ($24.95, XL/XE and disk,
AP0177) is a complete spreadsheet
package, featuring programmable macros
that enable you to run automated
sequences, quick testing of multiple
-what-if- conditions, pop-up menu
windows and math functions including
mean, standard deviation and variance.
Standard spreadsheet .DIF files are
supported.

CREATIVE PROCESS ($19.95, 48K disk,
AP0151) is a tremendous aid in report
writing, for business or school. This
outline processor features pop-up
menus and can help you manage
projects, make sense out of long
meetings, or monitor works in
progress.  Creative Process supports
the 130XE RAMdisk.

The Catalog
544 Second Street
San Francisco, CA 94107
(800) 234-7001.

TURBOBASE

The MicroMod TURBOBASE Integrated
Business Application takes full
advantage of the 1Mb RAMdisk
capability of ICD's Multi I/O Board
and speedy SpartaDOS 3.2. This program
does the job for business owners
seeking a central software system to
handle all their financial and
administrative data. TurboBase tracks
customer and vendor addresses and
phone numbers;  accounts receivable
and payable;  inventory and payroll.
It contains a word processor and a
flexible report generator. $179.95,
48K disk.

MicroMiser Software, Inc.
1635-A Holden Avenue
Orlando, FL 32809
(305) 857-6014

SYNCALC, SYNFILE+, B/GRAPH

The SYNCALC spreadsheet and SYNFILE+
database ($49.95 each, 48K disk) are
the most widely used integrated
productivity applications for 8-bit
Ataris.  Each program is powerful,
while pop-up menus and clear commands
simplify operation.  SynCalc is
compatible with VisiCalc .DIF files.

B/GRAPH ($39.95, 48K disk) creates pie
charts, 2-D and 3-D bar charts, line
and area graphs.  You can graph three
factors with 100 data points each and
convert instantly between graph types
without re-entering data.  B/Graph
also reads and writes to SynCalc .DIF
files -- enter data with SynCalc, then
graph it with B/Graph.

Electronic Arts
1820 Gateway Drive
San Mateo, CA 94404
(415) 571-7171.

BUSINESS MANAGER

BUSINESS MANAGER is for the small
businessperson who needs a simple
accounting sy3t-m to track sales and
inventory without getting lost in
fancy features.  Written in Atari
BASIC, Business Manager also runs with
BASIC XL from OSS. This program also
takes advantage of the extra RAM in a
130XE.  $49.95, 48K Disk.

Reeve Software
29W150 Old Farm Lane
Warrenville, IL 60555
(312) 393-2317.

MILES PAYROLL SYSTEM

This advanced, comprehensive payroll
accounting system maintains cumulative
totals for up to 50 employees per disk
and features complete reporting, check
writing and W-2 reporting.  Covers all
standard payroll deductions,
unemployment insurance and worker's
compensation.  Easy to update for
yearly IRS changes, the Miles package
allows weekly, biweekly, semimonthly
or monthly pay periods. $99.95, 32K
disk, requires two disk drives.

Miles Computing
21018 Osborne Street
Building 5
Canoga Park, CA 91304
(818) 994-6280
______________________________________
ZMAGAZINE 75    Please contribute!!!
Issue #75  Volume 2 No.42 (c)1987
______________________________________
