______________________________________
ZMAGAZINE 76          October 23, 1987
______________________________________
Editor/Publisher: Ron Kovacs
Assistants: Ken Kirchner---Sue Perry
______________________________________
Zmag Information Network (201)968-8148
______________________________________
Xx INDEX 76
______________________________________
<*> Atari News Roundup......L Richards
<*> Zmag BBS System.......Daily Planet
<*> MYDOS Modification.....Jon Wallace
<*> Hacker Update
<*> Game Hints for Silent Service
<*> SpartaDos Help.........Bruce Pleat
<*> BBS Authors Confrence...CIS Atari8
______________________________________
Xx ATARI OCTOBER NEWS ROUNDUP
______________________________________
Compiled for B.A.S.I.C. and Dateline

by Larry Richards

Copyright (c)1987 B.A.S.I.C. and
Dateline BBS All rights reserved.

--------------------------------------
NEW ATARI HARDWARE NOW SHIPPING!
--------------------------------------
After what seemed like an eternity of
pushed-back deadlines, last minute
glitches, and excruciatingly slow
boats from the far east, the long-
awaited new Atari hardware is finally
starting to appear on the dealers'
shelves.  Leading the -parade- is the
SX212 1200 baud modem, featuring both
a standard RS232 serial connector (for
use with the ST or an 850/P:R:Conn.
interface on the 8-bit Atari
computers) and an 8-bit style SIO
daisychain connector for use with the
Atari 8-bit computers with no
interface.  There is only one SIO
connector, however, so the SX212 will
have to be the last item on the serial
bus.  Also, because Keith Ledbetter's
new version of Express for the SX212
(-SX Express-) was not finished in
time to accompany the modem, Atari
will be selling a seperate package for
8-bit users containing SX Express, a
new SX-compatible R:handler that
supports 1200 baud, and an SIO cable,
at a later date. Initial
disappointment over this by 8-bit
users was tempered somewhat when it
was discovered that the R:handler from
the old R:Verter modem adaptor seems
to work fine with the SX212 as long as
the terminal program used with it does
not contain its own R:handler (as is
the case with 1030 Express and 850
Express).  Programs like Amodem and
HomeTerm work fine with the new modem
and this handler.  The SX212 retails
for $99.95 and is said to be
completely Hayes-compatible.

Since the SX212 must be the last item
on the 8-bit SIO daisychain, it would
seem to prevent the use of a printer
at the same time without having to use
an 850-style interface.  However, the
next new product from Atari will solve
that problem and a whole lot more. The
XEP-80 is a screen adaptor for the
entire Atari 8-bit line that will
produce a true 80-column display when
used with the proper monitor (NOT on a
TV set).  It connects through the
joystick ports and also contains a
parallel printer port.  All software
making legal calls to the E: device
for screen displays will work fine
with the XEP-80.  This includes
programs such as Atari Basic, Basic
XL/XE, and many others. Programs which
set up their own custom screen
displays, such as Atari Writer (and
Plus), and PaperClip, will not work.
However, Atari has announced that a
new version of Atari Writer Plus which
WILL work with the XEP-80 will be out
shortly.  Programs from other
publishers will follow. The XEP-80
will even allow a form of hi-res
monochrome graphics.  Retail price is
$79.95 (-A dollar a column.-).

Also shipping at present is the -new-
XE Super Game System.  Retailing for
$149.95, the XE SGS is Atari's newest
entry into the revitalized video game
market, doing battle with Nintendo and
Sega (not to mention Atari's own 2600
and 7800).  The XE SGS comes with 64K
RAM, 24K ROM, a detachable keyboard
(with a much nicer feel than the XE
keyboard) and an SIO port for
attaching disk drives and other
peripherals.  In other words, the XE
SGS is a 65XE in video game clothing.
All XL/XE compatible Atari 8-bit
computer programs will run on the XE
SGS.  This includes a library of
literally thousands of existing 8-bit
Atari games, including hundreds of
cartridges which don't require a disk
drive.  This gives the XE SGS a
running headstart over Nintendo and
Sega, which only have a handful of
titles each.  Add that to the fact
that a number of software publishers
have already committed themselves to
converting their disk-based software
to cartridge form, including
Electronic Arts and Epyx.  Also
included with the XE SGS is a light
gun and three game carts, including a
256K cartridge version of Sub-Logic's
Flight Simulator.  The XE SGS seems to
have stirred up renewed interest in
the Atari 8-bit line from both
software producers and retailers, as
many dealers who had previously
shunned Atari 8-bit hardware and
software have signed on to carry the
XE SGS and its software.  That's good
news for all Atari 8-bit users.

The final new hardware item now
shipping from Atari is the -crown
jewel- in the product line, the Mega.
The first production units were
finally shipped out recently and the
blitter WAS included.  Atari is now
off on a -Mega rollout tour- as they
seek to introduce the new machines to
-professional- dealers throughout the
country.  Atari has also lined up a
number of -professional- software
publishers, such as WordPerfect, which
will be debuting the ST version of
WordPerfect on the tour, to accompany
them.  Yes, -professional- seems to be
the operative word here, as the Mega
will have -professional- dealers,
-professional- software, and a
-professional- price!  The retail
price for a Mega 2 is $1699 for a mono
system and $1899 for color.  The Mega
4 goes for $2399 mono and $2599 color.
Add this to stringent Mega dealer
qualifications and a STRICT no mail
order policy, and it becomes evident
that discounts on these prices will be
very hard to come by, at least for
now.  This may account for the recent
surge in sales of the 520ST and
1040ST, as people who were patiently
waiting for the Megas to arrive got
wind of the new prices and decided
that -Power without the Price- was
better than -Power WITH the Price-. In
any case, other -professional-
features of the Mega include a
attachable keyboard with much improved
feel, an internal expansion socket, a
68000 bus extender socket (for
external expansion), a battery-backed
internal clock, new ROMs, an internal
DMA port and power supply tap, and, of
course, the long-awaited blitter chip.
______________________________________
Xx ZMAG BBS SYSTEM SPOTLIGHT
______________________________________
The Daily Planet Systems
    (716) 895-0508
   300/1200/2400 Baud
     24 hrs., 7 days

Fully supporting...

Atari 16 & 8 bits computers

The Daily Planet Systems, located in
Buffalo, New York. Is one of the
nation's most informative ATARI BBS
around, offering a vast network of
information ranging from the
Syndicated Zmagazine and St-Report, to
Home Video. Including a special
feature called the -Planet Newspaper-
which features many topics, not only
about computers, but as a general
interest newspaper, with reviews,
interviews, humor, Atari news and much
more.

The Daily Planet Systems began in 1984
as the Daily Planet BBS, running an
800 with 2 1050 drives then adding a
130XE with a Supra 10 meg hard drive.
In the past 3 years the Daily Planet
has grown to be one the busiest and
most called bulletin board systems in
New York State and the East with log
on of 50,000+ callers in the past 3
years, with a majority being long
distance callers from as far away as
England. Recently the Daily Planet has
converted to Atari ST system. Running
a 520ST with a 20 megs of storage,
(soon to be expanded to 65 megs),
300/1200/2400 baud with Mat Singer's
Forem ST program and fully supporting
the Atari 8 and 16 bit computer
systems as well as the IBM, Commodore,
& Apple.

In August 1987, The Daily Planet
merged with a local buffalo St bbs, so
that these 2 bulletin baords systems
can bring to their users the best and
the most informative information
possible. By doing so, The Daily
Planet Systems is now sponsored by The
Buffalo Computer Center, with this
support the Planet has been able to
reach out to people who have never
logged onto a bbs before.  With 3
SySops, Jerry Meyers, Tony Santos and
Sig Sheel. They continue to be the
best bulletin board in the Buffalo and
Western New York area. Recently, they
have added Z-Mag, and ST-Report, and
being an authorized carrier of these
publications, thanks to Ron Kovacs,
the Planet carries the complete line
of ST-REPORT beginning with issue #1
and Z-Mag beginning with issue #40.
Tony Santos, one of the SySops feels
that the Syndicate Publications,
ST-REPORT & Z-MAGAZINE are the best
and the most informative publications
for todays Atari computers at no cost
to the users of bbs.

Here is an example of the Daily Planet
Systems' menus, what they have to
offer thus far! The Planet is always
making changes to their systems daily
to improve and to be constantly
updated.

   The Daily Planet Building
       #  Main Lobby  #
          <Notices>

[01] Reprint Main Notice
[02] Notice To 8 Bit Atari Users
[03] New at Buffalo Computer Center
[04] System Configuration
[05] New User Information

'Q' will Exit Lobby and Enter Planet

Select (Q=Exit)> 

      The Daily Planet BBS System

[A]tari Toggle      [M]essage Bases  
[B]ulletin Reprint  [O]ther BBS List 
[C]hat With Jerry   [P]rofile of User
[D]oor To Floors    [S]et Screen Code
[E]lectronic Mail   [T]ime Connected 
[F]ile System UL/DL [U]ser Log List  
[G]ood-Bye Log-Off  [X]F-Mail a File 
[H]elp With System  [+]Add Your BBS  
[I]40/80 Column     [%]New Password  
[L]eave Jerry Note  [*]Terminal Type 
[J] Planet Game Room [!]Football Pool
[D] Science Fiction  [D] ST Report   
[D] Home Video Dept  [D] Z-Magazine  
[D] Planet News      [D] Comic Book  
[D] Planet Cookbook  [D] Quiz Scores 

Planet Bldg. Floor Directory

1) 1st Floor: Main Floor
2) 2nd Floor: Atari ST
3) 3rd Floor: Commodore
4) 4th Floor: Atari 8-Bit
5) 5th Floor: IBM
6) 6th Floor: News Room
7) 7th Floor: Home Video

You are now on the 1st Floor: Main
Floor

Select> 

That is our tour of the Daily Planet
Systems, located in Buffalo, New York,
with SySops Jerry Meyers, Tony Santos
and Sig Sheel (Of The Buffalo Computer
Center). Give them a call, they are 
online 24 hrs. a day, 7 days a week!
300/1200/2400 baud. Make sure that you
read the latest ST-REPORT and Z-Mags.
Tony updates ST-Report and Z-Magazine
on a weekly basis, so don't miss out!

See the special end of year issue of
Zmag for a full tour of the Daily
Planet BBS!!
______________________________________
Xx MYDOS MODIFICATION
______________________________________
This is the correct version of the
MYDOS modification.  The other one
works until you try and make your
ramdisk bigger or smaller.

Mydos 4.1 fix for Basic XE.

For you rare owners that use Basic XE,
Mydos 4.1, and a Ramdisk(of course you
would have to have a Ram upgrade) here
is a little fix so that you can write
to your ram disk in EXTENDED mode of
Basic XE without a lockup. Simply type
in these four statements in basic and
then go to Dos and re-write Dos files.

POKE 5487,133
POKE 5488,49
POKE 5489,9
POKE 5490,175

Then you have to modify a byte in
Dup.sys.  I used Disk Wizard 2 and
scanned dup.sys for 8D 70 15 (in hex)
and changed the 70 to a 72.

You can use omnimon and change

2E15 STA $1570 to 2E15 STA $1572

and re-save Dup.sys.

Don't know if that is the fastest way
to solve the problem but it is the way
I found first.  (Second) If you have
any questions let me know.

  Jon Wallace [72457,3075]
______________________________________
Xx HACKERS UPDATE
______________________________________
Computer Users Need to Increase
Political, Social Awareness.

Hackers say According to attendees of
this year's Hackers Conference, the
next big technological breakthrough
isn't needed in hardware or software,
but in education.

Contrary to the traditional image of
hackers as apolitical, many of the
suggestions voiced at the conference
dealt with social and political
awareness and responsibility.

-How many more spreadsheet [programs]
do we need?- asked Glenn Tenney of
Fantasia Systems, chairman of the
organizing committee. -I want to see
something socially significant-.  Ted
Nelson of the Project Xanadu
hypermedia company said today's
educational -curriculum- should be
replaced by a -reticulum-, or a set of
connected educational segments that
would allow people of any age to learn
whatever they wanted, without
prerequisites (similar to Control
Data's -Plato- system).

Attitudes toward education also need
to change, said Marc de Groot of
Microport Systems Inc. -It needs to be
as chic to be smart in physics as it
is to drive a fast car-.

Educational materials need to be
available to the poor and to the
handicapped, attendees said.
-Kerningham and Ritchie- the landmark
C language book published in 1978 has
just become available for the blind,
said Vicki Winslow, -and blind users
are clawing at each other for copies-.

Communications software and
information services need to be
improved. -There should be a way for
people to work together without [being
limited to] sending messages back and
forth-, said Bob Wallace, author of
PC-Write. And to counteract the cost
of information services, -Compuserve
scholarships- should be available,
Winslow said.

Several attendees noted that hackers
should not limit their thinking to
computers. -I get the feeling that
everybody here would do anything to
help the lot of humanity except give
up their computers-, said Todd
Rundgren, a graphics programmer and
musician (formerly with -Utopia-).
-Nobody's written a byte of code to
make a Mother Teresa-.

People who work on technology don't
always aim at everyday problems, said
Elaine Richards, system administrator
of -The Well-, a Sausalito,
California, public bulletin board
system. -They say; 'it would be great
to get rid of atomic waste.' when what
would really be great is if we could
get rid of Kitty Litter-.

[Ed. Source unknown. Uploaded for
consideration of publication. Author
unknown]
______________________________________
Xx GAME HINTS FOR SILENT SERVICE
______________________________________
Silent Service, Microprose Simulation.

Your mission: As commander of an
American submarine in the Pacific
during World War II, you must hunt
down and sink Japanese freighters,
troop carriers, and tankers.

Hint #1
=======
Ships are slowed considerably when hit
by a single torpedo.  When attacking a
convoy, select the juiciest target,
and fire a single torpedo before
diving.  Dive deep enough to avoid
being detected by any destroyers and
continue at two-thirds speed in the
same direction as the convoy.
Destroyers will usually abandon the
wounded ship in order to protect the
remaining convoy.  Speed up the
simulation until the convoy is well
out of range while observing the ship
on radar.  Then surface to torpedo
depth and strike again.

Hint #2
=======
A few hits from the deck gun will slow
down any ship and cause it to fall
behind the convoy.

Hint #3
=======
Sometimes a convoy will head for land
and remain a few hundred yards off
shore.  The ships will form a
relatively tight circle and continue
to circle while the destroyers (the
fastest blips on the radar) move in
random directions.  A sub can creep up
on the convoy making sure to use
slowest possible speed and minimum
profile.  Position the sub fairly
close to the convoy, while remaining
close to the bottom.  If detected by
the destroyers, dive to the bottom and
shut off the engines. The destroyers
cannot detect a sub which rests on the
bottom unless it happens to be very
shallow (under 100'). Ships can be
picked off one at a time by surfacing
to periscope level and firing no more
than two torpedoes at a time.  Be sure
the destroyers are on the other side
of the circle before firing.

Hint #4
=======
If a convoy is guarded by only one
destroyer it might be worth your while
to try to sink it.  However, make sure
that you shoot at it before any of the
other ships in the convoy. When it
starts closing on you open up with the
deck gun (especially effective at
shorter ranges -- around 1000 yards).
______________________________________
Xx SPARTADOS HELP Part 1
______________________________________
by Bruce Pleat

Version 1.0, Copyright 1987 by the
author, Bruce Pleat, Released on June
8th, 1987.  If you use this article in
any form of print or on a BBS or disk
file, you must not edit this file
except for the columns in a screen and
the end-of-line character used.

This series is written specifically
for:
Long Island Atari Computer Enthusiasts
[LIACE] [BBS: 516-454-7698]

Ol' Hackers Atari Users Group [OH-AUG]
[BBS: 516-884-4140]

Western New York Atari Computer
Enthusiasts [WNYACE] [BBS:
716-875-7376]

Long Island Atari Users Group [LIAUG]
[BBS: 516-937-1455]

Jersey Atari Computers Group [JACG]
[BBS: 201-298-0161]

Z-Magazine [BBS: 201-968-8148].

This series is dedicated to everyone
who has died in protest of any war.

SpartaDOS is a COPYRIGHTED product of
ICD.  This is NOT an attempt to allow
PIRATES to use this INCREDIBLE DOS
easier, but rather an attempt to help
LEGAL OWNERS of the DOS use the DOS
more efficiently and with greater
ease.

Atari and 850 are trademarks of Atari
Corp., SmartDOS is a trademark of The
Programmers Workshop, MY-DOS is a
trademark of Wordmark Systems,
ATR-8000 is a trademark of SWP
Systems, Inc., MIO is a trademark of
ICD, and any other references to
products are of course references to
the proper copyright and/or trademark
owners.


  I Command Processor Documentation
 II MENU Documentation
III XCOPY Documentation
 IV Directory Documentation
  V BATch File Documentation
 VI Internal Operation Documentation

    -------------------------
    -------------------------
    --------Chapter I--------
    ----Command Processor----
    ------Documentation------
    -------------------------
    -------------------------


  I Introduction to the Chapter
 II Internal Commands
III External-Installation Commands
 IV External-Operation Commands
  V CIO Commands

    ---------Section I---------
    Introduction to the Chapter

SpartaDOS, THE DOS for the 6502 Atari
Computers, has everything you always
wanted in a DOS, but didn't know who,
how or what to ask for!!!  The most
-thoughtful- DOS, SpartaDOS combines
many utilities under its guise of JUST
being a DOS from its UNERASE to its
RAM-Disk handling to its 32-Key buffer
to its support of Time and Date
Handling to its MENUs, to its Hard
Drive and Multi-Directory Support to
its BATch capabilities, to, perhaps
its most important feature, its
LOGICAL storage of disk files, which
also speeds up such activities as
ERASEing and allows such friendly
features as SORTing files.

To start off, lets learn some
definitions I will be using THROUGHOUT
this file, which might differ from the
-standard- or your definitions.

FILE...made up of possibly a PATH
[-A>A_B>A_B_C>-, -GAMES>-,
-D3:UTILITY>DISK>BASIC>-], along with,
of course, the filename, which might
possibly contain some wildcards
[-NEW*.??E-].

PATH...the PATH is the way to get to a
specified Directory.  If you have the
directory -GAMES- on -D3:- and then
have the directory -MAZE- inside
-GAMES- and then the file
-MAZEMAN.BAS-, to address that file,
you would use the PATH
-D3:GAMES>MAZE>- and the filename
-MAZEMAN.BAS-, so to address the full
filename, you would address
-D3:GAMES>MAZE>MAZEMAN.BAS-.

SpartaDOS has four types of commands.
The INTERNAL commands consist of
commands like DIRectory, COPYing,
ChangeWorkingDirectory, TYPEing
[printing a text file if all its lines
are less than 64 bytes], and others.
The EXTERNAL-INSTALLATION commands
consist of commands like RAMDisk,
eXternalTimeDate, RS232,
ATR-8000_RS232, PRINT, and XDIVersion.
The EXTERNAL-OPERATION commands
consist of commands like eXtraCOPY,
eXtraINIT, MemoryDUMP, TREElisting,
and OFFset_LOADing.  The CIO commands
consist of things like File-Length,
Load, Save, Manipulate Directories,
Set Boot File, Check Disk Status, Path
List, and Read/Write/Directory/Append
of Files/Current Directory/
SubDirectory.  Many of these are
inter-related, and ALL are going to be
useful at one time or another within
your first year of owning SpartaDOS, I
promise.

[Next Week Section 2]
______________________________________
Xx BBS AUTHOR CONFRENCE
______________________________________
(c)1987 CompuServe Atari8 SIG

The following transcripts are from the
confrence on CompuServe Oct 17, 1987.

This is part 1 of a multipule series.

(18,Chairman dick) <Gavel falling with
the force of descending meteorite>
<BANG!!!!>
Good Evening!

We're here tonight to discuss a
subject of critical importance....

The Future of Atari BBS Systems. We're
going through a LOT of changes and
only the strongest will adapt and
survive. Let's here from the folks who
have made and supported the Atari BBS
Systems. First Jerry Horanoff at
CARINA.

The CARINA BBS system has stirred up a
lot of excitement.. Jerry===>Where do
you see the 8-bit BBS system going in
the future? ga

(18,Jerry@Carina) Well, as some of you
may know... I am currently working on
a new version of the Carina BBS
(Carina II). It is mainly for SysOps
who have moderate to large systems. It
will require (well, it is recommended)
at least a 192k ramdisk. As most of
you know, Carina uses 'modular
design'. This makes the BBS unlimitted
when it comes to expandability, but
it also requires some space to expand.

As for where it is going in the
future... Let's just say it's
expanding.  Ga.

(18,Chairman dick) MIKE OLIN and MIKE
MITCHELL have done wonderful things
for XM301 users. They took a small
inexpensive modem and taught it how to
cook.... MIKE & MITCH, What's the
future hold?  Is it more power, more
utilities? ga

(18,Michael Olin) Hello all from Mike
and Mike of Catspaw Software Systems.

Thanks Dick for the compliments. We
have enjoyed working on the amis
system.  The future, for us, is in
building the 1200 baud system, then on
to improving what already has been
done.  Watch for massive use of BASIC
XE, SpartaDOS and MIO in serious use
of 8-bit telecommunications. ga

(18,Chairman dick) A lot of BBS
operators were ready to throw in the
towel a number of years ago. When my
Brother Sysop threw them a mighty
powerful lifeline with BBS EXPRESS.

Frankly, I can scarcely recall more
favorable comments than those received
on BBS EXPRESS. KEITH===>Does 8-bit
BBS'g have a future? ga

(18,Keith (Express!)) thanks for the
kind words dick....you bet it has a
future for me, it didn't look like it
did for a while, simply because
Express! took advantage of a great
language, Action!, which allows
powerful programs to be written very
quickly.  Unfortunately, it also
produces LARGE programs, as Express!
is right now pushing the limits of the
machine, with absolutely no room for
expansion.

So, for me, the only thing to do was
to drop back to machine language,
which is what the new BBS Express! Pro
will be written in.  It was not an
easy decision, but I really had no
alternative.   ga

(18,Chairman dick) An impressive
group! We're open for comments and
questions. Hit a -?- to get recognized
(18,Tony) ?
(18,ROSENDALE) ?
(18,Chairman dick) Tony===>ga

(18,Tony) Keith your BBS programs
written in ACTION! and ML will be very
unmodifyable. Where as Jerry's
programs are based on there
capabilities to modify that the
average sysop isn't interested in
programing at all? ga

(18,Chairman dick) Keith==>ga

(18,Keith (Express!)) I think I missed
a line there?  Are you saying the
majority of sysops aren't interested
in programming or they are?

(18,Chairman dick) Tony==>ga

(18,Tony) I'm saying the popularity of
your program seems to suggest this. ga

(18,Keith (Express!)) yes, I'd agree
with you. I think sysops look for
things in this order.

(1) a BBS that is very dependable
(2) a BBS that is quick
(3) a BBS that is expandable.

Most of my talks with SysOps showed
that their ideas of 'modifying' a BBS
program meant changing the prompts to
something they liked.  And, Express!
gives you that option. ga

(18,ROSENDALE) Keith...A big question
lately has been when or how is PRO
doing and its time frame for
availability.  ga.

(18,Keith (Express!)) Well, PRO was
doing REAL well until about a month
ago.  At that time, I got tied up in
the new version of the ST board, and
it has slipped a little.   The status
currently is that it is almost
complete except for a little more
message base processing.  I hope to be
BETA testing it within 2-3 weeks.  ga.

(18,Chairman dick) Sean==>Let's hear from you! ga

(18,SEAN) Ok...Jerry, as you know I
run a BBS using your Carina system.
Four other sysops and I have a very
modified MSGED file and use it to AUTO
post messages from all of our BBS's.
What I was wondering is. How different
is the NEW MSGED, and is it possible
to get an advanced copy of it so we
won't miss any beats when conversion
time comes along? ga

(18,Jerry@Carina) Well, as far as
advanced copies, I will have to let
that lie. Carina II (as far as the
BASIC portion is concerned) has been
totally rewritten. The structure of
the program is much easier to follow,
however.  So I am sure that it will be
easier to do it for Carina II if you
have already done it for Carina 1. ga


(18,Chairman dick) MIKE & MIKE==>Let's 
(18,Mike & Mike(AMISXM)) HI, I just
wanted to get back to the thought that
people do not like to program. We
entered into the AMIS project hoping
that it would be viewed as a learning
tool. The advanced version (watch for
it) will be quite alterable which will
require a modicum of programming
expertise or at least a desire to do
so. ga

(18,Chairman dick) MIKE D.===>ga! 

(18,Mike D.) Mr. Chmn...ok...Jerry>
Will you still be supporting Ver. 1
when Version 2 gets into the
mainstream?  GA

(18,Jerry@Carina) Yes... It will also
probably still be for sale as well.
Carina II, as I said, will be mainly
for bigger system setups and some
SysOps may not be able to use it. It
also probably wont work with the XM301
or MPP modems. The BitWise handlers
that Carina 1.0 uses will hopefully
still be available and if they are (I
don't know if Rick wants to explain
this) then Carina 1.0 will still be
marketed, but it will definately still
be supported. ga

(18,Pat) First of all, the average
Atari BBs is one where it serves the
Atari community the service is
generally one where the community uses
the system as the source of giving out
Atari specific information. That is
all well and good, but lately I have
become fascinated with BBS which are
politically and socially concious
networks. Personally, I would like to
see the Atari community branch out
into such areas which are similar to
Fido, Opus, Seadog. How about having
systems which have the capabitily to
become networks and exchange ideas
amongst systems.

Also, I would like to see the systems
become multiuser. Any comments? ga

(18,Keith (Express!)) I have SERIOUSLY
considered putting FIDO/OPUS
networking into Express! Pro.  I am
stewing over the documentation for
those standards now, as a matter of
fact.   I agree with you, I think the
networked BBS's are the wave of the
future, and we'll be left behind if we
don't jump on. On the multi-user BBS,
the problem there is hardware.  Just
not much exists that is affordable for
the average sysop, and the average
developer isn't (can't) sink 6 months
of coding into something that he can
only sell to 50 people.   ga

(18,Jerry@Carina) I had also
considered doing networking for Carina
II, but at this time I don't want to
hold up production for that feature.

I am considering putting out a utility
disk that would implement this
function later, and I agree, it is a
good idea to do this.

As someone had suggested earlier, they
had already accomplished this with
Carina 1.0. ga

(18,Chairman dick) ck===>ga

(18,][c.k.][) Ok Thanks, My Question
Is... What Support Are The 8 Bit
Software Writers Considering
Implementing As Far As GAMES Are
Considered. Most Of The Users Of My
Board Enjoy The Online Games. We Have
Run Both Carina And Express. Each Is
Very DIFFERENT IN It's Support Of THe
GAMES Feature.

What Can My Users Expect To See
Support Wise From The Newer Versions,
And ALSO In The Way Of GAMES Support
For The EXISTING Versions??? ga

(18,Jerry@Carina) Carina has always
supported games on the 8-bit and
always will.  It has allowed you to
easily put your own games on-line with
very very little modification. All you
needed to do was tell it what to do
if someone hung up and have an option
to return to the BBS. With Carina
II, It will be made even easier. All
you have to do is have a way to exit
to the BBS.  So I guess the answer to
you question is yes. You will still be
seeing support and it will be even
easier to do. ga

(18,Chairman dick) Rick==>Let's hear from you===>GA

(18,Rick@BitWise) First, I would like
to tell everyone that the BitWise
handlers will be available for CARINA
1 as long as the system is sold.

(18,Chairman dick) Keith==>ga

(18,Keith (Express!)) ok..back to the
previous question.  The current
express does not allow execution of
external programs. But, Pro! is
modular in the fact that EVERY command
is an external command loaded from
disk (much like SpartaDOS), so I see
very good support for some very
powerful games, since each external
module can be up to 16K in object
module size.  ga.

In a future edition we will continue
with this confrence.  I will make the
entire confrence available on the BBS
as soon as it has been re-edited.
______________________________________
Zmagazine Issue #76
Volume 2  Number 43  October 23, 1987
(c)1987 Rovac Industries
______________________________________
