______________________________________
ZMAGAZINE 78          November 6, 1987
______________________________________
Published/Edited by: Ron Kovacs
Assistants:  Ken Kirchner, Susan Perry
(c)1987 Syndicate Services/Rovac
______________________________________
ZMAG BBS  (201) 968-8148 PCP 3/12-24hr
______________________________________
Xx INDEX 78
______________________________________
  I. Atari Comdex Press Release
 II. Antic's Comdex Report
III. Zmag BBS List Part 1
 IV. Technical Help...Hayes Mod
  V. BBSTN Press Release
 VI. ST-Report #11
VII. SpartaDos Help Part 3
 V3. Express and Textpro
______________________________________
Xx PRESS RELEASE
______________________________________
OVERVIEW OF COMDEX 1987 ATARI BOOTH

First uploaded to GEnie 11/2/87

CONNECTIVITY--SOLUTIONS, AND
TECHNOLOGY: ATARI ANNOUNCES NEW
PRODUCTS AT COMDEX

(Las Vegas, NV -- Comdex Fall 87) In a
series of major product introductions,
Atari Corp emerges as a maker of a
complete line of high-performance,low-
cost solutions for the business world.

New technology is showcased by Abaq,
an ultra-high-performance workstation
with blazing speed and dazzling
graphics.  The Abaq, based on a
sophisticated -transputer- chip, runs
more than 10 times faster than a PC/AT
technology and more than 5 times
faster than the 68020 with math
processor.  The parallel processing
capability of Abaq lets a single
system multiply its processing power
by adding extra transputer chips.

Atari unveiled its new CD player
capable of reading CD-ROM disks and of
playing musical CD disks.  The CD-ROM
is supported by a Mega and
ST-compatible DMA interface, and will
retail in early 1988 for under $600.

Atari's connectivity answer is a LAN
which is compatible with the NETBIOS
standard used by IBM and Novell.  It
communicates data at 1 megabits-per-
second to PC's and over 250K bits-per-
second over Appletalk.  Atari is
planning to manufacture -PromiseLAN-
adapters for the Mega, ST, and PC
computer lines.

The Atari Mega computers are showcased
with a variety of solid business
solutions.  Desktop publishing is
represented by both the Atari SLM804
Laser Printer and by G.O. Graphics,
who are porting their Deskset program
(CompuGraphics compatible) which Atari
will market.  Word Perfect is
displaying the recently shipped Word
Perfect ST and Atari is displaying
Microsoft Write.  A group of vendors
are appealing to VARs with vertical
packages running under the IDRIS
multi-user multi-tasking operating
system.  Several new high-end CAD
packages are on display including
Foresight's Drafix 1.

Atari expanded its PC-compatible
offerings by adding two new models,
the PC2 (PC XT compatible) and PC4 (PC
AT compatibile), both with EGA
graphics, high clock speeds, and low
price tags.  A variation of the PC3
will operate in VGA graphics mode as
well.  The PC2 and PC4 will be offered
with 3.5- or 5.25- floppy disks and
with hard disks.  These new models
join the PC1, which at $799 is a basic
512K PC XT compatible, suitable for
use as a LAN workstation and for
standalone personal computing.  The
PC2 includes XT-compatible slots,
while the PC4's slots are PC AT
compatible.

-We offer complete systems for the
office,- said Atari president Sam
Tramiel.  -I can see Atari Mega
computers with laser printers as
desktop publishing stations exchanging
data with a satellite group of PC1's
as LAN stations.  An entire office
environment can be created.  The PC,
the Macintosh, and the Atari computers
co-exist.  Each can do the things they
do best.-
______________________________________
Xx ANTIC's COMDEX REPORT
______________________________________
ANTIC PUBLISHING INC., COPYRIGHT 1987
REPRINTED BY PERMISSION

ATARI MEANS BUSINESS
A REPORT FROM THE 1988 COMDEX

By Anita Malnig, START Editor
     Las Vegas, November 2, 1987

Atari intends to give the likes of Sun
Microsystems and Apollo Computers a
run for the money with Abaq (the root
word for abacus), the new transputer-
based workstation that the company is
showing here.

By using RISC (Reduced Instruction Set
Computer) architecture, the
workstation will operate at 10 MIPS
(million instructions per second). The
latest graphics hardware and the IMS
T-800 -- the Inmos Company's 32-bit
microprocessor -- combine to form
affordable, powerful personal
workstations.  A single transputer can
deliver over ten times the power of an
IBM PC AT.  However, there's even
greater strength in numbers. You can
connect two, 10, 100 or even MORE
transputers to create a relatively
low-cost computer workstation with the
power of a supercomputer. (Talk is
that the price will be in the $5000
range.) When attached to a transputer,
the ST or Mega acts as the input/
output device for the system.
Transputers can be linked via a built-
in high-speed serial port to form a
multiprocessor array or a local area
network.

Helios, the Unix-like operating
system, was developed by the
Perihelion Company in Great Britain,
as was the transputer board itself.
The Helios operating system encourages
the use of many small programs which
work together to create a final
product.

Shiraz Shivji, Atari's vice president
of research and development, expects
that the transputer will be used
primarily in engineering and science
applications.  Included with Abaq will
be a very high resolution monitor,
capable of four graphics modes:  1280
X 960 in 16 colors or monochrome; 1024
X 768 in 256 colors; 640 X 480 in 256
colors with two screens;  and 512 X
480 in 16 million colors plus overlay.
No firm delivery date is set, but late
1988 seems to be the most talked-about
time frame. From a first-hand view,
the crisp, vibrant graphics (such as
four separate pictures running
simultaneously) were drawing crushing
crowds.

CD-ROM FOR ATARI

The exciting CD-ROM player introduced
at Comdex can read up to 540 megabytes
of data or play music.  It connects to
Atari's ST and Mega computers through
the DMA (direct memory access)
channel, a communications port that
transmits data at up to 10 million
bits per second.  At 540Mb, the player
can store more data than 1,000 floppy
disks or 200,000 printed pages.

Demonstrated at the show is an English
and French visual dictionary from
Facts on File.  It is categorized by
topics such as transportation and
food:  click on the transportation
theme and choose from an array of
topics such as ferrys, container
ships, airport terminals and so on --
all items illustrated.  Speech output
identifies each image in French and
English.  Grolier's Encyclopedia also
runs on this CD-ROM, as do audio CDs.
Atari has a task force at work now
developing more products for this
player, which will be available at
computer specialty dealers and retail
outlets in February, 1988, at a
suggested retail price of $599.

DO ATARI DESKTOP PUBLISHING

G.O.  Graphics, in conjunction with
Atari, will bring to market a
sophisticated desktop publishing
program called Deskset.  This works as
a front end to the CompuGraphics
typesetting equipment, offering the
use of 1,800 fonts.  This is not just
a desktop publishing program for four-
page newsletters and the like: it
could design entire publications such
as Antic and START.  It will output to
such laser printers as the striking
Atari laser printer, also being
demonstrated with Deskset. (Look for
the next Comdex installment for
additional desktop publishing programs
for the ST.)  Deskset, which works
only on a Mega, will work within the
GEM environment and offers all the
standard features of the most
sophisticated desktop publishing
programs -- features such as character
compensation, kerning, columns, boxes,
rules and the ability to merge text
and graphics.  Look for this product
mid- to late 1988.

AND.  .  .  ATARI PCS

The Atari PC1, introduced earlier this
year, can be used as a local area
network workstation or as a standalone
personal computer.  It runs at a top
speed of 8 Mhz, with a software switch
to set the clock speed to 4.77 when
needed. The PC1 works with any CGA,
MDA, EGA or multi-frequency monitor.
Maximum color screen resolution is 640
X 350. The PC1 has a 64-color palette,
with a maximum of 16 on the screen at
a time.  It is expected to retail at
$800.

New to the Atari PC family is the PC2,
a dual-speed XT compatible with five
slots and hard-disk support. The PC4
is an 80286 microprocessor-based IBM
PC/AT compatible machine. It has clock
speeds of either 8 or 12 Mhz, VGA-
compatible video, four AT-style
expansion slots, up to one megabyte of
system RAM and is ready for an 80287
numeric coprocessor.

Additionally, Atari is announcing
-Moses PromiseLAN,- a local area
network that can connect up to 17 PCs
using off-the-shelf telephone wire.
They will also be developing Moses
PromiseLAN adaptors for its Mega and
ST computers.  Thus, the Mega and
Atari laser printer will be able to
share data with PCs and Apple
Macintoshes.

MORE COMDEX REPORTS

Take some time out and read ST-REPORT
#11, available this week.  This issue
will contain:

Watch for more third-party desktop
publishing programs from Soft Logik,
Timeworks, Migraph.

Multiuser, Multitasking programs with
the Idris operating system.

desktop video from Antic Software.

products galore from MichTron,
Spectrum Holobyte, Word Perfect,
Abacus, ISD Marketing, B.E.S.T.  and
lots more.
______________________________________
Xx ZMAG SYSTEMS LIST PART 1
______________________________________
Zmagazine Carriers  Updated 11/03/87
------------------------------------

Zmag Info Network     (201) 968-8148
Wonderful World of Oz (808) 423-2754
Omega Base            (201) 384-2966
Sorman Information    (011) 47022470
Stairway to Heaven    (216) 733-8444
The Reef              (206) 848-3371
EXTE BBS              (616) 245-8259
Dark Crypt            (404) 968-4380
Strategic Atari       (201) 326-1778
White House           (201) 388-1676
Satelite BBS          (609) 939-6247
A.H.O.C. II           (404) 796-3805
C.A.U.U.G. BBS        (601) 388-3490
Mr. Message BBS       (516) 454-7698
The Bunker            (212) 617-0153
Atari Hotel           (315) 454-9612
Network:Atari Express (512) 662-9765
New Haven BBS         (203) 776-9723
JACG BBS              (201) 298-0161
The Syndicate BBS     (203) XXX-XXXX
The Lions Den         (312) 690-3724
PAUGS                 (602) 242-4259
Atari Brothers        (201) 994-4176
Land of Oz            (201) 642-6032
The Land              (212) 597-8520
Griffons Nest         (402) 466-5339
Mach Channel 8        (207) 784-0631
EBBBS                 (201) 247-8252
Lost Byte             (617) 586-8840
Milliways             (504) 244-0768
W.A.S.T.E. BBS        (713) 923-7342
WQNR BBS              (516) 698-7456
Cosmic Stompers BBS   (313) 547-0440
Ol Hackers BBS        (516) 884-4140
Graveyard BBS         (516) 783-7034
Bandits Hideout       (516) 643-4963
Bates Motel           (716) 875-7376
Midnight Express      (804) 379-4156
M.O.U.S.E BBS         (219) 674-9288
Gateway BBS ZMAG #2   (609) 931-3014
Speakers Corner       (201) 892-7339
ACE NSW Australia    (011)6125292059
Powell BBS            (314) 225-8710
CCBBS                 (609) 451-7475
XBN BBS               (617) 559-6844
Ratcom BBS            (301) 437-9813
Timelink BBS          (201) 469-4474
Portland Express      (503) 244-3254
Phantasmal Alchemy    (203) 443-5200
Bayshore BBS          (201) 787-6627
The Launch Pad        (201) 343-1426
Express BBS           (314) 225-8710
The Prairie Chip      (307) 635-0148
AXE*** BBS            (314) 696-3506
S.T.U.N.N. BBS        (402) 466-5339
Tektron BBS           (918) 835-5198
ST Wizard BBS         (609) 627-4556
The Crypt BBS         (601) 435-0926
Daily Planet BBS      (716) 895-0508
Pegasus II BBS        (609) 858-7817
Command Headquarters  (216) 758-1814
I/O Connection BBS    (404) 446-8044
Buffalo Byte Size BBS (404) 945-6021
Atari Express BBS     (404) 426-7027
Atari Outland BBS     (916) 962-2566
G.R.E.A.T.-8 BBS      (503) 746-9637
Westport BBS          (617) 674-8361
Muskrats Den BBS      (808) 261-2184
Brick Yard Express    (314) 581-3801
Atari C.A.L.C. BBS    (505) 525-0388
Genesis I BBS         (817) 284-1520
The Bounty ST BBS     (904) 786-4176
T.M.C. II  BBS        (201) 752-2818
Hot Rodderz           (805) 773-5907
Express BBS           (314) 225-8710
Speakers Corner       (201) 892-7339
The Constellation     (201) 938-6906
Surf City ST          (201) 929-9351
Balloon Works         (419) 289-8392
New York City Zmag    (718) 604-3323
Elysium BBS           (816) 761-2190
Griffons Nest         (402) 466-5339
Kisa Monitron         (011)4649412997
First Star            (011)46034051117
Outsiders BBS         (718) 253-8602
Brickyard             (314) 581-3801
Blue Moon             (312) 457-2219
Holly Park            (201) 757-1491
Runequest BBS         (312) 454-9612
ST-Xpress             (217) 877-9740
One Stone BBS         (219) 875-8205
KnottsNook            (206) 631-8056
ThunderIsland         (714) 653-0447
Carina BBS            (305) 747-9196
Launch Pad BBS        (201) 343-1426
______________________________________
Xx TECHNICAL HELP
______________________________________
by Frank Walters

SysOp, T.A.C.O. Bell Panama City, FL

Hayes 1200 Problem

When attempting to set up an Oasis BBS
system, a fellow sysop contacted me to
see if we could figure out a problem
it had with recognition of connect and
disconnect. Here is what we found out.

He has a 'new' model Hayes 1200, while
I have the 'old' model of the same
modem. The new model has 10 dips,
while the old model has 8. That's how
we tell them apart, especially if you
only have one. After talking with the
technical representitive at Hayes, it
turns out there was an undocumented
change in how the 1200 baud model
handles DSR (data set ready). Since
most terminal/BBS software uses the
DSR signal as part of the STATUS
check, it is critical for proper
operation that you understand what you
are getting.

The 'old' model, like most modems,
sets DSR high at carrier detect.
Actually, the Hayes has a jumper
between pin #6 (DSR) and pin #8 (CRX)
so that when it sets CRX high, it
automatically sets DSR high. The
STATUS call will send a value of 8 to
address 747 (decimal) for CRX high and
128 for DSR for a total increase of
136 in address 747. Most software
depends on this higher value to
determine 'connect' after dialing, or
(for BBS software) to determine that
a caller has connected.

The 'new' model (10 dip switches) of
the Hayes 1200 changed the jumper to
pins #6 (DSR) and #5 (CTS), the latter
normally not even connected by cable
to the 850 interface. However, when
the modem sets Clear to Send high, it
is BEFORE carrier detect, and since it
is directly connected to DSR, it also
sets DSR high before connect,
resulting in a false connect signal to
the software.

How do you get the 'new' modem to act
like the 'old' model?

1) Modify the modem. Nobody wants to
   mess with the modem warranty or
   screw that up.

2) Modify the software. Most people
   don't know how to do that at all,
   and you would have to change every
   program you use anyway.

3) Modify the cable. This appears to
   be the best solution. Here is how
   we did just that:

Disconnect the wire at pin #6 on the
RS-232C end. Disconnect the same wire
(also pin #6) at the 9-pin D plug for
the 850 or P:R: Connection. This will
insure that the false DSR will not be
sent from the modem.

Then to simulate DSR at connect,
solder a jumper wire at the 9-pin D
plug (850 interface end) between pin
#6 (DSR) and pin #2 (CRX). Now when
Carrier Detect is set high, it also
sets DSR high. This cable will work
with the older models too.

Here is a diagram of the new cable:

850 (9 pin/D-male)    RS-232C (25 pin)
__________________    ________________
  #1  DTR >------------------> DTR #20
++#2  CRX <------------------< CRX  #8
+ #3  SEND DATA >-------> REC DATA  #3
+ #4  REC DATA <-------< SEND DATA  #2
+ #5  SIGNAL GND ------ SIGNAL GND  #7
++#6  DSR <--/(disconnect)/--< DSR  #6
  #7  RTS      (not used)      CTS  #5
  #8  CTS <-------< HI SPEED INDIC #12
  #9  (not used)


++NOTE: Jumper between pins 2-6 so
        that DSR is set high whenever
        CRX is set high by the modem.

NOTE:

#8 CTS to #12 HI SPEED INDICATOR is
only for auto answer with some BBS
software for baud recognition but
otherwise not required. Avatex modems
do not have #12. Some BBS software
depends on the RING INDICATOR to force
the program to send an ATAct is set high, it also
sets DSR high. This cable will work
with the older models too.

Here is a diagram of the new cable:

850 (9 pin/D-male)    RS-232C (25 pin)
__________________    ________________
  #1  DTR >------------------> DTR #20
++#2  CRX <------------------< CRX  #8
+ #3  SEND DATA >-------> REC DATA  #3
+ #4  REC DATA <-------< SEND DATA  #2
+ #5  SIGNAL GND ------ SIGNAL GND  #7
++#6  DSR <--/(disconnect)/--< DSR  #6
  #7  RTS      (not used)      CTS  #5
  #8  CTS <-------< HI SPEED INDIC #12
  #9  (not used)


++NOTE: Jumper between pins 2-6 so
        that DSR is set high whenever
        CRX is set high by the modem.

NOTE:

#8 CTS to #12 HI SPEED INDICATOR is
only for auto answer with some BBS
software for baud recognition but
otherwise not required. Avatex modems
do not have #12. Some BBS software
depends on the RING INDICATOR to force
the program to send an ATA to the
modem. In this case you can use #8 CTS
to #22 RING INDICATOR instead of the
8-12 as shown.

Call Hayes Microcomputer Products at
1-800-241-6492 for further
information.

[ED. Frank, Thanks for the article. I
 am sure it will interest a few of
 our readers.  Also, thank you for
 writing it!]
______________________________________
Xx BBSTN
______________________________________
=============
PRESS RELEASE
=============

Winchester, VA October 27, 1987

BBS Telecomputing News

Hitting the mailboxes and modems in
January, 1988 will be an altogether
different kind of publication that the
computing public has not seen before.

BBS Telecomputing News, a black and
white publication, with a distinctive
newsletter appearance will offer a
variety of interesting features long
lacking in the industry. It will be
hole punched to fit standard ring
binders and kept as reference
material.

BBSTN will contain over 2,000 VERIFIED
listings of Bulletin Boards around the
nation with telephone numbers, notes,
and the kind of BBS software used. In
addition, BBSTN will contain reviews
of popular public domain software,
commercial software of interest to
BBS'ers, modems and other hardware
reviews, and a monthly feature article
about one popular bulletin board in
each issue.

In addition to the printed edition,
which will be distributed by
subscription only, a special condensed
version will be available on Public
BBS's around the country. Sysops
desiring to carry this publication
should log on to the INFONET BBS and
fill out the questionaire.

BBSTN is currently soliciting authors
of Public Domain software, BBS
software, commercial BBS software,
and Modem manufacturers, to submit
their products for review in the
January and February issues.

This is an excellent opportunity for
small software developers to gain
needed publicity for their product.

All software and hardware submitted
for review should be sent to:

         BBS Telecomputing News
           5 Wilkins Drive
        Winchester, Virginia 22601
          Telephone 703-665-0087
or

Upload to:
   Infonet! BBS
   703-665-0087 between 9PM-6AM

Deadline for the January issue is
November 15, 1988. Sysops desiring to
carry BBSTN should fill out the
Questionaire while most areas are
still available.

BBSTN is also seeking writers and
reviewers.
______________________________________
Xx ST-Report #11
______________________________________
This week in ST-Report #11

  <*> Comdex Reports
  <*> Technical Assistance
  <*> Newswire
  <*> ST Upgrade Information
  <*> Hayes Modem Modification
 
and more...............
______________________________________
Your Source for Sales and Service!
Flat rate repairs on all Atari 8 bit!
Quick turn-around on ST repairs!
We also do flat rate repair on 8 bit
Commodore equipment, and also can fix
your Amiga or Apple computers! We also
offer service contracts on all
computers, call for rates today! Be
sure to take advantage of our flat
rate repair on VCR's, Video Cameras,
and Camcorders---->$99(covers all
parts and labor except heads and
Nuvicon)
Midtown TV
27 Midway Plaza
Tallmadge, Ohio 44278 (216)633-0997
______________________________________
Xx SPARTADOS HELP
______________________________________
by Bruce Pleat

Version 1.0, Copyright 1987 by the
author, Bruce Pleat, Released on June
8th, 1987.  If you use this article in
any form of print or on a BBS or disk
file, you must not edit this file
except for the columns in a screen and
the end-of-line character used.

SpartaDOS is a COPYRIGHTED product of
ICD.  This is NOT an attempt to allow
PIRATES to use this INCREDIBLE DOS
easier, but rather an attempt to help
LEGAL OWNERS of the DOS use the DOS
more efficiently and with greater
ease.

Atari and 850 are trademarks of Atari
Corp., SmartDOS is a trademark of The
Programmers Workshop, MY-DOS is a
trademark of Wordmark Systems,
ATR-8000 is a trademark of SWP
Systems, Inc., MIO is a trademark of
ICD, and any other references to
products are of course references to
the proper copyright and/or trademark
owners.

         ---Section II----
         Internal Commands
         -----------------

The Internal Commands consist of ?DIR,
AINIT, APPEND, BASIC, BOOT, CAR,
CHKDSK, COPY, CREDIR, CWD, DATE,
DELDIR, DIR, DIRS, ERASE, KEY, LOAD,
LOCK, MEM, PAUSE, PRINT, PROTECT,
RENAME, RUN, SAVE, TD, TIME, TYPE,
UNLOCK, UNPROTECT, VERIFY, and XDIV.

?DIR lists the present PATH.
Fmt:?DIR [path]
    ?DIR
    ?DIR D2:
    ?DIR D5:GAMES

AINIT formats the specified disk in
Smart-DOS format.
Fmt:AINIT [path]
    AINIT
    AINIT D4:

APPEND adds a binary block onto the
specified file.
Fmt:APPEND [path][filename] stadr
endadr
    APPEND SCREEN 9C1F 9FFF
    APPEND D2:GUARD 0600 06FF
    APPEND D4:A>C 1FC9 2880

BASIC toggles the INTERNAL BASIC ON or
OFF. These are the ONLY possibilities.
    BASIC ON
    BASIC OFF

BOOT tells the disk which file to try
to load apon re-booting.  This implies
that you may automatically boot up ANY
COM, DOS, or other machine-language
file, but you may only use DOS if the
DOS is the BOOTed file.  If you XINIT
with a DOS, then there is no need to
BOOT the DOS, but if you COPY it over,
you HAVE to BOOT it or you won't be
able to boot up on that disk.
Fmt:BOOT [path]filename
    BOOT X32D.DOS
    BOOT X32?.*
    BOOT D2:SCOPY
    BOOT D4:COM>SPCOPY.COM

CAR returns you to whatever cartridge
is installed or enabled.  If there is
no cartridge installed/enabled, you
won't go anywhere.  The ONLY format:
    CAR

CHKDSK tells you information about the
disk in the drive you specify. Printed
for all disks are the disk's total
size in bytes, free size in bytes, and
bytes per sector. For SpartaDOS 1.x
version disks, the volume name is also
printed.  For SpartaDOS 2.x and 3.x
version disks, the disk random number,
sequence number, and write lock status
is also printed.
Fmt:CHKDSK [Dn:]
    CHKDSK
    CHKDSK D3:

COPY simply moves a file or files from
one path] to another path. Normally,
if you COPY a file to one of the same
name on another disk, you will be
erasing the old file, but you may
append the new file onto the end of
the old one. Note that you can also
copy a file onto itself, but if the
copy takes two -passes-, then the file
is pretty much destroyed unless it is
text, in which case it is partly
erased.  Also note that wildcards are
VERY useful here in copying multiple
files.
Fmt:COPY [path]filename[[path]filename][/A]
    COPY A B
    COPY D3: D4:
    COPY GAM>COM>*.EJ? D3:
    COPY D4:TEXT> ALL/A

CREDIR simply creates a Directory as
you name it, with up to eight chars
plus a somewhat awkward extender. When
you DIR or DIRS a disk, Directories
show up with a -DIR- near them.  When
you use MENU on them, you can NOT tag
them.
Fmt:CREDIR [path]DirName
    CREDIR GAMES
    CREDIR D4:GAM>MAZE>COM

CWD changes you from your current
Directory to another one on the same
disk.  To go BACKWARDS to a previous
directory, you do a -<- char. Remember
this is DIFFERENT from the IBM which
asks you for the full path every time
you do a CD; maybe that is why this is
a CWD command.
Fmt:CWD [path]
    CWD COM
    CWD <COM
    CWD <<<COM>DAR>GAT
    CWD D4:COD  [this one changes the
working directory on D4:, not on the
PRESENT indicated drive like the
others]

DATE sets the internal date.
Fmt:DATE mm/dd/yy where mm is month,
dd is day, yy is year, all with filler
0s if needed.

DELDIR erases an EMPTY subdirectory.
See CREDIR for examples.

DIR prints the specified disk
directory/path in SpartaDOS format
[Smart-DOS disks are printed in that
format].
Fmt:DIR [path]filename

DIRS prints even SpartaDOS disk
directories in Smart-DOS format.  See
DIR for format.

ERASE delete whatever file[s] you
specify; again, wildcards are useful,
but watch out that you don't
accidentally delete files.  You can
reverse this via UNERASE if you do it
before the next write operation to any
part of that disk.
Fmt:ERASE [path]filename

KEY enables or disables the internal
32-key buffer.  A few programs [like
Orion's Express! BBS and OSS's
MAC/65's DDT] need the key buffer OFF,
but most other programs [like Orion's
Express! 850 Terminal V3 and OSS's
MAC/65] allow the buffer ON. The
default is on.  These are the ONLY
two formats:
    KEY ON
    KEY OFF

LOAD loads in a binary file but does
NOT run or init it like a simple
command does.  See DIR for the format.

LOCK will lock a disk from having
FILES written to from SpartaDOS [2.x
and 3.x].  The disk CAN be formatted
by ANY SpartaDOS and formatted/written
to by SpartaDOS 1.x and ANY OTHER DOS.
Fmt:LOCK [drive]
    LOCK
    LOCK D4:

MEM prints the present system free
memory boundaries, MemLo and MemTop.

PAUSE stops a BATch file untill a key
is pressed [ANY key other than the
-console- keys, the inverse key, Caps,
Shift, and Control].  You may ofcourse
use it directly...but why?? The only
format is to just issue the command as
such:
Fmt:PAUSE

PRINT echos all screen TEXT output to
another device, useful for keeping
track of your activities to a printer
or RAM-Disk file [or cassette...give
that toy SOME use!!].
Fmt:PRINT [path][filename][/A]
    PRINT
    PRINT D3:
    PRINT P>RECORD
    PRINT D4:A>REC/A
    PRINT TRACK/A

PROTECT locks a FILE.  See DIR for the
format.

RENAME changes the name of one or more
files, optionally using wildcards.
Unfortunately, this won't rename
Directories or Volume names. Note that
the path is issued ONE time and that a
[SPACE] seperates the old from the
new.
Fmt:RENAME [path]filename filename

RUN jumps to a machine language
address specified in HEXADECIMAL
format.  A favorite of mine, which is
rare knowledge, is -RUN E477-, which
re-boots your system WITHOUT A LOSS OF
RAM-Disk contents.  With no address
specified, it tries to execute the
last COM file, but all too often fails
and locks the system untill [Reset] is
pressed.
Fmt:RUN [addr]
    RUN
    RUN E477

SAVE stores a string of binary data
into the specified filename.
fmt: SAVE [path]filename[/A]stadr endadr
    SAVE OS E000 FFF9
    SAVE COM>BASIC A000 BFFF
    SAVE D3:FP/A D800 DFFF

TD toggles the Time/Date line at the
top of the screen if TDLINE was run
first.  The only two formats:
    TD ON
    TD OFF

TIME sets the internal Atari Time
counter for file saves.
Fmt:TIME hr:mn:sc?m where hr is the
hour, mn is the minute, sc is the
second, and ?m is am or pm.

TYPE lists a text file [lines must be
64 or less chars in length or else the
TYPE will have a Truncated Error
Abort.  This does NOT erase BASIC or
other programs like a COPY does.
Fmt:TYPE [path]filename

UNLOCK reverses LOCK.

UNPROTECT reverses PROTECT.

VERIFY tells whether the disk drive
will check what was written to the
drive.  The only two formats:
    VERIFY ON
    VERIFY OFF

XDIV disables BATch processing.
Fmt:XDIV

[Next week Section 3]
______________________________________
Xx EXPRESS and TEXTPRO
______________________________________
by Don Lebow

Here's my method...

First, create a TEXTPRO/EXPRESS MASTER
DISK containing the following files:

DOS.SYS
RAMDISK.COM
TEXTPRO.COM (version 2.5r only!)
TEXTPRO.CNF (config file)
TEXTPRO.FNT (custom font)
TEXTPRO.MAC (default macro file)
EXPRESS.COM (1030 Express v 3.0 only!)

IMPORTANT: if you wish to use a
joystick driver with Express, you
<MUST> use the customized DOS 2.5
driver available in this DL 5 as
TPXPST.OBJ. As with the original
joystick driver (see JOYSTK.DOC in
DL2), you should append Express to the
driver using the /A parameter in DOS
2.5 (for example: select <C>opy File
then input

D:EXPRESS.COM,D:TPXPST.OBJ/A

After you've got it appended, Rename
as appropriate.)

CONFIG.EXP  (express config file)
PHONE1.LST  (default phone # list)

Got it? NOW do some renaming...

RENAME TEXTPRO.COM to DUP.SYS (that
means that it will automatically be
saved to D8: when you boot with
RAMDISK.COM) Before you do this, make
sure you've erased the <ORIGINAL>
DUP.SYS to prevent duplicate
filenames.

RENAME EXPRESS.COM to AUTORUN.SYS

You're ready to go!

Boot up your XE as normal with Express
using your new master disk. Turn on
your 1030 modem, then the drive, then
turn on the computer while holding
down the OPTION key to cancel Basic.

When the load is done, and the Express
menu is up...

MOST IMPORTANT: DELETE 'D8:MEM.SAV'
using the 'J' command in Express!

Dial up wherever and capture whatever
text you want to D8: text files. When
you're done, sign off as normal and
you're back to the menu.

NOW...

<MAKE SURE> that you have your master
disk in D1: (or any disk that has the
TEXTPRO aux files on it)

Ready? Press RESET. You'll see TEXTPRO
(remember, we've fooled the computer
into thinking it's DUP.SYS) loading
(fast!) and then the aux files loading
from D1:

Viola! You are now in TEXTPRO
<without> having to do a re-boot!

The text files you have on D8: are
still there. You can now go ahead and
edit, do replies, whatever, using
TEXTPRO's power.

DO NOT turn off your 1030 modem!

When you're done editing (at this
point, I usually have a text file of
replies and msgs on D8:), and ready to
get back On Line...

<MAKE SURE> you have a disk in D1:
with EXPRESS and it's aux files (that
Master Disk, again, is REAL handy.)

Use the TP <SELECT-CONTROL-W> command
to do a binary load. At the prompt,
input AUTORUN.SYS (or whatever name
you have Express saved under.)

Providing you've followed the above
steps, you'll see Express loading
(again, no need to re-boot!) and
you'll be back in Express, ready to
Upload your new text files!

Note that D8: still contains any files
you've saved. Just like they say in
the DOCs, it's functioning as a
clipboard (though Mr. Paranoia, here
always saves anything vital out to
D1:, just in case...)

That's all there is to it. I've found
that you can continue swapping back
and forth between the two programs
with no degradation in performance.

If you run into problems, leave me a
message and I'll see if I can help...

>>don [70717,720]
______________________________________
Zmagazine Issue #78   November 6, 1987
(c)1987 Syndicate Services/Rovac
______________________________________
