______________________________________
|////////////////////////////////////|
|////////////////////////////////////|
|//SYNDICATE ZMAGAZINE    ISSUE #98//|
|//--------------------------------//|
|//PUBLISHER/EDITOR: RON KOVACS    //|
|//ASSIT PUBLISHER : KEN KIRCHNER  //|
|//MANAGING EDITOR : MR. GOODPROBE //|
|////////////////////////////////////|
|////////////////////////////////////|
| March 21, 1988  (c)1988 SPC/Kovacs |
|____________________________________|
|        Welcome Spring 1988         |
|____________________________________|
|Contents:                           |
|____________________________________|
|*|Editors Desk                      |
|*|SPC Newswire                      |
|*|Special Edition Feature           |
|_|__________________________________|
______________________________________
Editiors Desk
______________________________________
by Ron Kovacs

This week we follow with another BBS
software issue.  Last week we debuted
the release (pre-release) of Express
Pro. This week after the news story,
we will expand on previous coverge of
Carina II BBS system.

Please read ST-Report this week for
information on the Word Perfect news
from last week. Interesting reading
for everyone.

Thanks again to everyone who has sent
email and cards for the baby. It was
unexpected and appreciated.

Disk mailings are taking place this week to those of you who have sent
in disks for Zmagazine reproductions.
I am sorry for the long delay, I have
been under alot of backlogged paper
and am finally begining to see some
light.

Official Zmag registration details
will be listed in an upcoming issue.
All Zmag systems carrying our 
magazines are required to atleast
register for a user number.  We are
setting up a network and want to
get systems on the list for mailings
and special survey information. This
is not a mandatory request. But if
you want coverage and mentions in
Zmag, you must be registered.
______________________________________
SPC Newswire
______________________________________
From the Associated Press

ATARI ACCUSES MICRON TECHNOLOGY OF
ILLEGALLY EXPLOITING MEMORY CHIPS

SAN JOSE, Calif. (MARCH 15) AP - Atari
Corp. of Sunnyvale has charged Micron
Technology Inc. of Boise, Idaho, with
illegally exploiting a shortage of
computer memory chips. 

The computer and video company on
Monday filed suit in U.S. District
Court, seeking an order to make the
Idaho semiconductor manufacturer pay
the California company an unspecified
amount of damages. The suit charges
breach of contract, bad faith and
violation of federal antitrust law.
There was no immediate response from
Micron Technology. 

Micron Technology is one of only two
U.S.-based companies that make the
most common kind of computer memory
chip, known as dynamic random access
memory chips, or D-RAMs. The other is
Texas Instruments Inc. of Dallas.

The shortage of the chips has been
caused by strong sales of personal
computers, the changeover to a new
generation of chips, and a 1986 accord
between the United States and Japan
aimed at ending Japanese ''dumping''
of the chips at unfairly low prices. 

ATARI ON LIST OF AMEX 10 MOST ACTIVE
STOCKS THIS WEEK

NEW YORK (MARCH 16) - The 10 most
active stocks in American Stock
Exchange composite trading Wednesday,
March 16.

Stock         Sales    Last  Net Chg. 
======================================
Lorimar Tel   764,300  14 7/8 off 1/2 
Texas Air     368,000  13      up 1/8 
Western Digi  291,700  16      up 1 
Asamera Inc   285,200   9 5/8  up 1/8 
Wang Lab B    285,100  12 7/8  up 1/4 
*Atari Corp*  285,100   7 7/8 off 1/2 
Ntl Patent Dv 281,900   8 5/8  up 3/4 
Dome Petro    271,500   1     unch 
Alza Corp A   175,600  28 3/4  up 1/8 
Fst Aust Prm  173,600   8 7/8 unch 

FCC REPORTEDLY TO SCRAP PLAN TO RAISE
PHONE RATES FOR COMPUTER USERS

WASHINGTON (MARCH 17) AP - The Federal
Communications Commission plans to
scrap a proposal that would
substantially increase telephone
charges for business and home computer
users, sources said Wednesday.

FCC Chairman Dennis R. Patrick has
concluded that, based on strong and
nearly unanimous opposition to the
proposal, the plan should be dropped,
according to sources at the commission
and on Capitol Hill.

Commissioner Patricia Diaz Dennis said
Patrick had not spoken with her about
a recommendation to drop the plan, but
she said she agreed with the idea.
'There's a lot on our plate right now
and I don't think I'd miss not seeing
that on it,'' she said. 

The third commissioner, James Quello,
could not be reached for comment.
Patrick's office had no comment on the
reports. The commission was expected
to vote in two to three months to drop
the proposal.

Users of these services flooded the
FCC and Capitol Hill with thousands
of letters opposing the plan, which
would add about $4.50 an hour to the
cost of hooking up to information
services.

They said the increased charges, which
would double the hourly hookup price
for some information services, would
drive many of them off the computer
networks and crush a fledgling
industry.

Rep. Edward J. Markey, D-Mass.,
chairman of the House Energy and
Commerce telecommunications
subcommittee, said that in light of
the commission's apparent reversal on
the proposal he would delay
indefinitely introduction of a bill
preventing the FCC from imposing the
access charges.
______________________________________
CARINA II PREVIEW
______________________________________
Captured by Ron Kovacs

The following capture contains
commentary and facts about the Carina
II BBS system.  Jerry Horanoff took
me through the tour which lasted
approx 3 hours plus.

I have tried to keep the contents
flowing and there are parts where I
have gone off in the wrong direction.

You are invited to take a look at the
system yourself.  Give the Carina BBS
a call. The number is a the end of 
this review.

Now Mr. Horanoff speaks:

Before anyone gets too excited, let me
first state that you MUST use
SpartaDos to run this BBS. No
if/ands/or buts about it.  It is also
HIGHLY recommended that you have
atleast a 192k ramdisk (although it is
not required) and/or a hard drive. You
certainly don't need a hard drive, but
if you don't have a ramdisk, it would
be MUCH more of a benefit to have one.

You can run this system on as little
as 500k of storage space (including
ramdisk and disk drives), but the more
space you have, the more impressive
the system will be.

        Carina II - Main Menu  

|Read     |R|Ctrl-R|Read Messages    |
|Scan     |Q|Ctrl-Q|Scan Msg Headers |
|Post     |P|Ctrl-P|Post a Message   |
|Feedback |F|Ctrl-F|Message to SysOp |
|Sections |+|     +|Section Names    |
|Go       |G|Ctrl-G|Go to New Section|
|Sec-Stats|K|Ctrl-K|Section Status   |
|Topics   |T|Ctrl-T|Message Topics   |
|Games    |#|     #|Play a Game(s)   |
|Logoff   |L|Ctrl-L|Exit BBS         |
|Chat     |C|Ctrl-C|Chat with SysOp  |
|Databases|*|     *|View Database(s) |
|Users    |U|Ctrl-U|List of SIG Users|
|Status   |%|     %|Your Statistics  |
|Settings |S|Ctrl-S|Change Settings  |
|Vote-Poll|V|Ctrl-V|Voting Poll(s)   |
|Other BBS|O|Ctrl-O|List of BBSs     |
|Bulletins|=|     =|Section Bulletins|
|Menu     |?|     ?|This Menu        |
|Help     |!|     !|Extensive Help   |
|Directory|D|Ctrl-D|List of D/L Files|
|Browse   |B|Ctrl-B|File Descriptions|
|Download |<|     <|Download a File  |
|Upload   |>|     >|Upload a File    |

Notice that Carina II can now use
single letter input now. No need for
you (if not an expirenced Carina user
to activate a ctrl and letter command.
Simple one letter key commands make
life a bit easier for you (lazy)
people. Hehehe
______________________________________
Carina II supports many different
types of terminal emulation. ASCII/
ATASCII, VT-52 monochrome, VT-52
color, line-feeds on/off, etc...

Switching from ASCII to ATASCII is
as simple as switching your terminal
program's translation and hitting
RETURN at any command prompt (no sense
making things difficult, right?).

Switching your other terminal options
is done by use of the -Settings-
command:

Settings-

 [A] Password    > ______
 [B] Screen Size > 24
 [C] Clear Code  > 012
 [D] Section Tags 
 [E] Continuous  > [ ]
 [F] Clear Screen> [*]
 [G] Page Breaks > [ ]
 [H] 80 Columns  > [ ]
 [I] Line Feeds  > [ ]
 [J] VT-52 Mode  > [ ]
 [K] VT w/Color  > [*]
 [L] Header      > [*]
 [M] '$' Macro   > 
Read All New,Browse All New
 Enter Choice or  
 Press [RETURN]  : D

 |     Section Title      | Key-Word |
 |Electronic Mail         |PRIVATE   |
*|The  General  Area      |GENERAL   |
*|The  Carina  Universe   |CARINA    |
*|The  ST  Forum          |ST        |
*|The  Atari  Zone        |ATARI     |
*|The  IBM  Executives    |IBM       |
*|The  Amiga  World       |AMIGA     |
*|The  Commodore  Pub     |COMMODORE |
*|The  Apple  Orchard     |APPLE     |
*|The  Tandy  Tavern      |TANDY     |
*|The  Carina II  Files   |II_FILES  |
*|The  Gamer's  Corner    |GAMER'S   |
*|The  ACC/PB  Members    |ACC/PB    |
*|The  Debate  Room       |DEBATE    |
*|     V.I.P.  Members    |VIP       |
*|The  RoboWar II  Area   |ROBOWAR   |
 |<- Tags Defining ALL    | Key-Word |

 Section to Tag or RETURN:  

As you can see, there are a lot of
different settings that you can
personalize to your own needs. Carina
II supports 80 columns now, page
breaks, continuous read, and others..
The header can be toggled along with
the features above.

There is also a macro that you can
define to be anything you want (the
-$- key).  This is not a command, it's
a string that can contain multiple
commands that you use use frequently
(just like you would set a macro in
your terminal program, you can set a
macro on the BBS as well (in case your
terminal program doesn't support such
things)).  It can be up to 30
characters long.

Message Bases
______________________________________
Unlike Carina 1, Carina II is devided
up into Sections (Special Interest
Groups (SIGs for short)).  Each
section has its own message base, file
area, database area, game area,
voting poll, and you can even assign
it its own SysOp! Each section also
has its own bulletin file.

Below is a sample of a few areas and
the different bulletins and commands
available to navigate through the
message areas.

Here are the different Sections
available on this BBS (yours, can, of
course, be personalized to your own
needs as a SysOp):
______________________________________
Sections

If I wanted to switch to, say, the
Atari section, I would type:

 Section > The  General  Area
 Minutes > 025
 Command : Go atari

 Switching to  The  Atari  Zone

 Message Area : Yes  New: 87
 File Area    : Yes  New: 82
 Game Area    : No
 Database Area: No
 Votepoll Area: Yes

You are then shown what this section
has to offer.  This section has a
message area and there are 87 new
messages.  It has a file area and
there  are 82 new files. This section
has no game area or database, but
there is a votepoll.  Let's take a
look at some of the messages.

 Section > The  Atari  Zone
 Minutes > 024
 Command : Read 

 Existing Messages > 1-87

 Message(s) to Read 
 or Scan? [?]=Help:  ?

          Read/Scan Help          
----------------------------------
 Read or Scan individual          
 messages:   5  or  5-  or  5-35  
----------------------------------
 Read or Scan messages relative   
 to the end of the message base:  
                                  
            LAST                  
      or:   LAST 10               
----------------------------------
 Read or Scan messages that you   
 have not seen yet:   NEW         
----------------------------------
 Messages posted after            
       a certain date:            
                                  
            5/21/87               
 or even:   5/21/87-6:30:00pm     
----------------------------------
 Messages that you have           
     previously marked:   MARKED  
----------------------------------

 Existing Messages > 1-87

 Message(s) to Read 
 or Scan? [?]=Help:  new

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  ?

      Read/Scan Search Help     
--------------------------------
 Search for messages posted by  
       a specific user:  FROM   
--------------------------------
 Search for messages sent to    
       a specific user:  TO     
--------------------------------
 Search for a word within a     
       message's title:  TITLE  
--------------------------------
 Search for a word within a     
       message's text area:     
        TEXT                    
--------------------------------
 or press  RETURN  for all.     
--------------------------------

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  
}
 Message 1 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 10/29/87 - 12:29:30am
 Sent to All                 
 Sent by 84-WALTER WILLIAMS     
 Topic   Electronics...      
 Title   Electronics...      
 Replies 1 
______________________________________

Boutique has discontinued all Atari 
hardware excepting the XF551 when it 
comes out.  
_______________________________________
 Command [?]=Menu:  

Notice that the message header
displays a title AND a topic. When a
message is posted, the Topic always
stays the same, but the message Title
can change when people reply to this
message (or replies to those replies).

It also displays how many replies to
this message there are, and will also
tell you whether a message has been
received by the person it was sent to.

Here is a list of the different
commands you can use at this prompt:

 Message 2 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 10/29/87 - 12:33:09am
 Sent to 84-WALTER WILLIAMS     
 Sent by SysOp:1-JERRY HORANOFF      
 Topic   Really?
 Title   Really?
 Rply to 1
______________________________________

What did they decide to discontinue 
Atari stuff?  That's wierd (especially
since they use to be known as
'Games&Gadgets'... Hmm.  Do you have 
any idea why? 
_______________________________________
 Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Existing Messages  [1-87]

 Press RETURN for Next Message   
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [E]dit [R]eply [-]Skip Back     
 [S]end [T]race [#]Go Message # 
 [K]ill [?]Menu [C]ontinuous     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [F]ind Replies  

 Command [?]=Menu:  

Let me define a few of the less
obvious functions here:

[+] will skip forward within the
    message base (example: +, typing
    +10 at this prompt would skip the
    over 10 messages). likewise,
    typing -10 would skip back 10
    10 messages.  This is much more
    convenient than having to quit
    reading and enter the read command
    when you want to change directions
    (for example, if you were reading
    forward and you wanted to start
    reading reverse, you don't have to
    quit the read to do it).

You can also just type a message
number at this prompt and it will
immediately go to that message! You
have true random access to messages.

These message bases also have full
threading capability.  You can [T]race
back to the message that the current
message is a reply to, or [F]ind
replies to this message.  You can
[M]ark messages normally used when
scanning to search for message titles
that sound like they may be
interesting and then go back and read
marked messages.

Let me demonstrate a few of these:

 Message 3 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 11/1/87 - 11:10:38pm
 Sent to All                 
 Sent by 18-PARTY DOG           
 Topic   here we go again!   
 Title   here we go again!   
 Replies 1 
______________________________________

The Twilight Zone BBS will be going 
down for a little while. I should have
the board back up in a week, but I am 
not sure. I will post a message here, 
when I have it done. I won't tell you 
why, but you will understand why when 
you call it. It's a surprise, and I'll
never tell......Now you who know....
mum's the word. Such a corny cliche,
why did I say that? I don't know....
well,...see ya' when it's back up in a
week or so....maybe this weekend...

pd
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Existing Messages  [1-87]

 Press RETURN for Next Message   
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [E]dit [R]eply [-]Skip Back     
 [S]end [T]race [#]Go Message # 
 [K]ill [?]Menu [C]ontinuous     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [F]ind Replies  

 Command [?]=Menu:  50

 Message 50 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 1/18/88 - 2:37:43am
 Sent to 7-ALBERT YARUSSO
 Sent by 50-KATT 
 Topic   Phantasmal Alchemy  
 Title   Hmm.. 
 Replies 1  Received  
 Rply to 49
______________________________________

Another beta tester, eh? Hmm... sounds
fun.

I can't wait.
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  -5

 Existing Messages  [1-87]

 Press RETURN for Next Message   
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [E]dit [R]eply [-]Skip Back     
 [S]end [T]race [#]Go Message # 
 [K]ill [?]Menu [C]ontinuous     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [F]ind Replies  

 Command [?]=Menu:  -5

 Message 45 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 1/7/88 - 11:30:39pm
 Sent to All 
 Sent by 9-PARTY DOG 
 Topic   ...
 Title   ...
 Replies 1 
______________________________________

..Call The Twilight Zone BBS
      305-588-4930
       300/1200 baud
        Carina
         twelve on-line games
          many downloads....

Yes, Al. Y. that was a plug too....heh
heh, 

    thank You
  The Party Dog
      SysOp

 ..haven't heard from you in a while 
Al....where are ya'?
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  t

 Command [?]=Menu:  f

 Message 46 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 1/8/88 - 2:12:21pm
 Sent to 9-PARTY DOG 
 Sent by 7-ALBERT YARUSSO 
 Topic   ...
 Title   Alive 
 Replies 1  Received  
 Rply to 45
______________________________________

 Where am I?  Well at the moment about
to be buried in a big nor'easter.. Hmm
I like snow.. oh well it will not 
explain where I have been in the past 
few weeks..  

I have been very busy with a few 
things:

  College Applications
  Work
  School (homework)
  RoboWar II modifications/docs
  an Inventory Control Program
     on the Macintosh for a company
  Alternate Reality: The Dungeon
    (A Fantastic game, a must have!)

 and throw in the occassional reading 
of a book (asimov, clarke, donaldson, 
pier, to name a few) and that 
basically fills my time.  Oh yea.  
Sleep, eat and that other human 
necessity that you never see being 
done on TV..

 Well, maybe on HBO..

   Later,
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  f

 Message 48 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 1/9/88 - 5:36:51pm
 Sent to 7-ALBERT YARUSSO
 Sent by 9-PARTY DOG 
 Topic   ... 
 Title   glad to hear.. 
 Replies 0  Received  
 Rply to 46
______________________________________

Pressing [N] for next section will
immediately take you to the next
section (obviously) allowing you to
read messages there.  This comes in
handy when you are doing a -Read All-
(i.e. Read ALL messages in ALL
sections).

You can also define only those
sections that you want to define the
word -All-.  For example, if you only
had the Atari 8-bit section and the ST
section tagged for -All- then when
you do a -Read All- it will only go
through those sections, omitting
sections that are not of interest to
you (like Commodore <- hehe).

You can tag/untag these sections by
use of the settings command
demonstrated earlier:

 Command : Settings

 [A] Password    > ______
 [B] Screen Size > 24
 [C] Clear Code  > 012
 [D] Section Tags 
 [E] Continuous  > [ ]
 [F] Clear Screen> [*]
 [G] Page Breaks > [ ]
 [H] 80 Columns  > [ ]
 [I] Line Feeds  > [ ]
 [J] VT-52 Mode  > [ ]
 [K] VT w/Color  > [*]
 [L] Header      > [*]
 [M] '$' Macro   > 
Read All New,Browse All New
 Enter Choice or  
 Press [RETURN]  : D

 Section to Tag or RETURN:  com

| |     Section Title      | Key-Word 
| |Electronic Mail         |PRIVATE  |
|*|The  General  Area      |GENERAL  |
|*|The  Carina  Universe   |CARINA   |
|*|The  ST  Forum          |ST       |
|*|The  Atari  Zone        |ATARI    |
|*|The  IBM  Executives    |IBM      |
|*|The  Amiga  World       |AMIGA    |
| |The  Commodore  Pub     |COMMODORE|
|*|The  Apple  Orchard     |APPLE    |
|*|The  Tandy  Tavern      |TANDY    |
|*|The  Carina II  Files   |II_FILES |
|*|The  Gamer's  Corner    |GAMER'S  |
|*|The  ACC/PB  Members    |ACC/PB   |
|*|The  Debate  Room       |DEBATE   |
|*|     V.I.P.  Members    |VIP      |
|*|The  RoboWar II  Area   |ROBOWAR  |
| |<- Tags Defining ALL    | Key-Word|

 Section to Tag or RETURN:  

Good.  We got rid of commodores.

Luckily this section does have a file
area.  Of course, it does not have to
have one (the General section doesn't
for example).  It doesn't have to have
a message base either for that matter.

If you are us~nsure about what
features are in an area, you can type
-Sec-Stats- (or Ctrl-K or simply -K-
followed by a RETURN) to see what's in
the section.

 Command : k

 Message Area : Yes  New: 87
 File Area    : Yes  New: 82
 Game Area    : No
 Database Area: No
 Votepoll Area: Yes

Since we have a file area, let's take
a look around.

 Command : Browse 

 Existing Files    > 1-82

 Access Which Files 
          [?]=Help:  1-

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  

 File #   1 The  Atari  Zone
 Filename JACKPOT.BAS   Size 8960
 Left at  10/29/87 - 4:26:41pm
 Sent by  25-GARY LOVELESS       
 Accesses 4
 Brief    
SLOT MACHINE GAME 
 KeyWords 
BASIC/ GAME/ 
______________________________________

GO TO LAS VEGAS AND PLAY WITH THE 
PROS...

8-Bitter
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Existing Files  [1-82]

 Press RETURN for Next File      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [#]Go# [?]Menu [-]Skip Back     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [C]ontinuous     
 [V]iew Arc     [D]ownload      

 Command [?]=Menu:  

The file area works almost identically
to the message area.  Once you learn
the message area, you'll already have
a very good idea about how to use the
file area. The file area is one of
the best features of Carina II.  It
puts CompuServe to shame.

The header displays quite a few things
about the file: The file name, it's
size, who uploaded it (and when), how
many people have downloaded it, a
brief description about the file (used
when doing a directory in 80 columns
-- this brief file description comes
in handy), and key-words that can be
used to help locate specific files (by
searching for key-words). You also
have 4 -k file descriptions (up to 4
k).  From the -Command [?]=Menu: -
prompt you can do the following things
that you (of course) cant do in the
message area:

[D]ownload this file
[V]iew the contents of an ARCed file

And if you are using a batch protocol
(like Y-modem Batch or C-modem), you
can even mark files and download them
all at once! (can't do that on
CompuServe, Oasis! or Express! Pro for
that matter - hehe).

 Command : Directory 

You can also search for files (or even
messages) by date if you'd like.  As
precise as to the second:

 Command : Directory 1/1/88-12:00:30pm

 FN  Filename Ext  Size   U/L'ed  Acc 
30   AMODEM75 BAS  22625  1/03/88    2
31   AMODEM75 COM   4920  1/03/88    0
32   AMODEM75 HLP    828  1/03/88    1
33   NOSEDEMO COM  22485  1/03/88   23
34   REZDEMO       18252  1/03/88    5
35   XEDEMO   COM  65317  1/03/88    7
36   AMODM751 ARC  13689  1/06/88   18
37   SXEXPRES OBJ  33865  1/06/88    8
38   SWANDEMO COM  32009  1/12/88    1
39   SPIRAL   BAS   2476  1/12/88    1
40   VIEWGR9  COM   7949  1/13/88    2
41   GIRL     GR9   7807  1/13/88    3
42   MEGABUG  COM   4253  1/13/88    2
43   MEGABUG  DOC   6071  1/14/88    2
44   OILDEMO  COM  38447  1/19/88    1
45   PHOBOS   TXT   7277  1/22/88    4
46   QMEGBBS  COM   1020  1/24/88    4
47   SHRINKXE COM   4682  1/25/88    0
                                      

 Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Press RETURN for Next Page      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [#]Go# [?]Menu [-]Skip Back     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [V]iew Arc File 
 [D]ownload (This File/Marked)  

 Command [?]=Menu:  v 36

 Filename.Ext  Format  Bytes   Size    
 AMODM751.COM Packed   5135    5170   
 Size of Files When Expanded > 5170

 Command [?]=Menu:  

Let me tell you about access (since I
reminded myself). There are no access
levels per-se anymore... You either
have access to do something or you
don't.  You either can use a command
or you can't.  And with sections there
are 4 different levels of access.  No
access, read-only access, full access,
or SysOp access.  The read-only access
is good if you are running a D&D type
adventure sig. This way you can let
everyone see what's happening, but
only your players can participate.

Time limit is also independant of
access level now. With this setup,
there are 3.169 times 10 to the 29th
different combinations of access levels!

Here is a example of the formula:

(2^32*~)*(4^26)*(255)

the answer is:> 4.9517601 ~E27

On-line time is independant... You can
assign a user anywhere from no tim
(quite useless) to 255 minutes (i.e.
4+ hours).

 Command : Other BBS

 [1] Display 'BRIEF' descriptions 
 [2] Display 'FULL' descriptions  
 [3] 'ADD' to BBS Listing         

 Enter Choice:  1

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  ?

 [1] Name           [5] Phone        
 [2] Computer       [6] State        
 [3] Software       [7] Size         
 [4] Description    [8] Baud         

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  

       BBS Name      Phone Number BPS  
POOR MANS BBS        305-457-9290 2400
Alternate Universe   305-747-9196 2400 The Launch Pad       201-343-1426 1200 KACE BBS             606-754-9639 1200 West Coast Syndicate 415-825-2952 2400 The Twilight Zone    305-588-4930 1200 Phantasmal Alchemy   203-443-5200 1200 L.B.C.S.             213-631-7328 1200 The Space BAr        203-739-3311 1200 Dark Side            312-438-9356 1200 Hawk BBS:CamelotWest 716-297-9596 1200 ACC/PB               305-641-5372 1200 The Crypt ][         305-581-9426 1200 P.A.U.G.S            602-242-4259 1200 
 [1] Display 'BRIEF' descriptions 
 [2] Display 'FULL' descriptions  
 [3] 'ADD' to BBS Listing         

 Enter Choice:  2

 Field to Search or 
 [RETURN] [?]=Help:  state

 Search For:  NJ

  Name:The Launch Pad                  
 Phone:201-343-1426
  Baud:1200  Computer:576K 130XE       
 State:NJ    Software:Carina!       
  Size:2        Hours:24 Hrs.          
Good Carina run out of 512K RAMDisk    
Jerry: by the way, if we were in 80
columns, that brief description (seen
above) would also be displayed when
doing the brief descriptions.

 Command : Other BBSs add

 Enter BBS Name:  Syndicate BBS

 Enter BBS Phone 
 # xxx-xxx-xxxx:  201-968-8148

 Enter Maximum   
 Baud Rate     :  1200

 Computer BBS is 
 Running On    :  Atari

 State Located :  NJ

 Which BBS Soft- 
 ware is used? :  FoReM XEP

 Maximum Storage  
 Capacity (megs):  10 

 Operating Hours:  24

 Enter a 1-Line BBS Description 
Zmag/ST-Report Hdqts

  Name:Syndicate BBS                   
 Phone:201-968-8148
  Baud:1200  Computer:Atari            
 State:NJ    Software:FoReM XEP     
  Size:10       Hours:24               
Zmag/ST-Report Hdqts                   

 Is this Correct?  Yes

 BBS Added to List 

 Command : Other BBSs brief state -nj-
xD
       BBS Name      Phone Number BPS 
The Launch Pad       201-343-1426 1200
Syndicate BBS        201-968-8148 1200
                                      


The databases works exactly like the
help file (and so does the Game
menues).  The're the exact same
routine...

 Command : Help

 |       Carina II Help Database      |
|------------------------------------|
| [A] An introduction to Carina II   |
| [B] General usage of Carina II     |
| [C] Using the main menu commands   |
| [D] Using the text editor (for     |
|     messages and file descriptions)|
| [E] Inside information about       |
|     Carina II (and ordering info)  |
|------------------------------------|
 [A-E] [-]Previous RETURN=Quit:  C

 | Command that you need help with?  |
 | [A] Read        |  [B] Scan       |
 | [C] Post        |  [D] Feedback   |
 | [E] Sections    |  [F] Go         |
 | [G] Sec-Stats   |  [H] Topics     |
 | [I] Games       |  [J] Logoff     |
 | [K] Chat        |  [L] Databases  |
 | [M] Users       |  [N] Status     |
 | [O] Settings    |  [P] Vote-Poll  |
 | [Q] Other BBSs  |  [Q] Bulletins  |
 | [S] Menu        |  [T] Help       |
 | [U] Directory   |  [V] Browse     |
 | [W] Download    |  [X] Upload     |

 [A-X] [-]Previous RETURN=Quit:  T

                 Help 

Example usage:

Help
Help me!
Help me please!

Each of the above-mentioned usages
will get you the same amount of help -
this help database (Since you are
here, you obviously already know how
to use this command).

 Any Key to Continue:  

 Command : Menu
        Carina II - Main Menu  
|Read     |R|Ctrl-R|Read Messages    |
|Scan     |Q|Ctrl-Q|Scan Msg Headers |
|Post     |P|Ctrl-P|Post a Message   |
|Feedback |F|Ctrl-F|Message to SysOp |
|Sections |+|     +|Section Names    |
|Go       |G|Ctrl-G|Go to New Section|
|Sec-Stats|K|Ctrl-K|Section Status   |
|Topics   |T|Ctrl-T|Message Topics   |
|Games    |#|     #|Play a Game(s)   |
|Logoff   |L|Ctrl-L|Exit BBS         |
|Chat     |C|Ctrl-C|Chat with SysOp  |
|Databases|*|     *|View Database(s) |
|Users    |U|Ctrl-U|List of SIG Users|
|Status   |%|     %|Your Statistics  |
|Settings |S|Ctrl-S|Change Settings  |
|Vote-Poll|V|Ctrl-V|Voting Poll(s)   |
|Other BBS|O|Ctrl-O|List of BBSs     |
|Bulletins|=|     =|Section Bulletins|
|Menu     |?|     ?|This Menu        |
|Help     |!|     !|Extensive Help   |
|Directory|D|Ctrl-D|List of D/L Files|
|Browse   |B|Ctrl-B|File Descriptions|
|Download |<|     <|Download a File  |
|Upload   |>|     >|Upload a File    |

 Command : Topics 

| Msg |       Topic        |
|1    |Electronics...      |
|3    |here we go again!   |
|5    |                    |
|8    |Atari 1050          |
|11   |I'm Back!           |
|21   |IT'S BACK!...       |
|33   |This Weekend        |
|35   |Back up!            |
|36   |Zenobia!            |
|40   |sorry.......        |
|41   |8-BIT SYSTEM...     |
|42   |back up             |
|43   |Vt52 - vt100        |
|44   |Uploads             |
|45   |...                 |
|47   |TFS BBS             |
|49   |Phantasmal Alchemy  |
|53   |BBS                 |
|54   |News                |
|61   |test                |
|62   |New Beta tester     |
|64   |N                   |
|74   |Hi                  |
|85   |I FORGOT            |
|     |                    |
______________________________________
File Downloading

 Command : Download 47

 [1] 'XM' X-Modem         
 [2] 'XC' X-Modem CRC     
 [3] 'YM' Y-Modem (1K-Xm) 
 [4] 'YB' Y-Modem (Batch) 
 [5] 'CM' C-Modem (Batch) 
 [6] 'AS'   ASCII         

 Select Transfer Protocol: 

 Now in Chat Mode 

If you were downloading MARKED files,
you would only be shown the batch
protocols (Y-Modem Batch and C-Modem).

 Command : Upload 

 Free upload space (bytes) 14549093

 [1] 'XM' X-Modem         
 [2] 'XC' X-Modem CRC     
 [3] 'YM' Y-Modem (1K-Xm) 
 [4] 'YB' Y-Modem (Batch) 
 [5] 'CM' C-Modem (Batch) 

 Select Transfer Protocol: 5

 FILENAME.EXT:  3232.232

 Invalid Filename 

Filenames must be in the format of a
1-8 character filename and an optional
1-3 character extender.  The first
character of the filename must be a
letter, and any of the following
characters may be either a letter or a
number.  If you use the optional
extender, a period must proceed it.

Examples:

FILENAME.EXT
PROGRAM1
PROGRAM1.BAS
GAME.OBJ
FILE.5

Examples of invalid filenames:

5GAMES.ARC    <=- First character must
                  be a LETTER.
FILE 6.PRG    <=- No Spaces.
UTILITIES.ARC <=- Maximum of an 8
                  character filename.
.GAM          <=- Must have a filename
                  field.

 FILENAME.EXT:  TEST.PRG

 Enter a brief 1-line description 

This is a test program.

 Select a keyword from this list of   
 keywords that best describes or helps
 in identifying this file.            
 Press RETURN if none are appropriate.
BASIC/ BASIC-XL/ BASIC-XE/ OBJECT/
MAC-65/ ACTION

 Keyword  1: BASIC

 Select a keyword from this list of   
 keywords that best describes or helps
 in identifying this file.            
 Press RETURN if none are appropriate.
GAME/ UTILITY/ APPLICATION/ 
COMMUNICATION/ DOCUMENTATION/ DEMO/ 
PRODUCTIVITY/ PICTURE/ AMS

 Keyword  2: COM

 Enter any additional key-words of    
 your own that you feel will help     
 describe/identify this file.         
 Press RETURN when you have finished. 

 Keyword  3: TEST

 Keyword  4: STUPID

 Keyword  5: LITTLE

 Keyword  6: FILE

 Keyword  7: 

 File Keywords: 
BASIC/ COMMUNICATION/ TEST/ STUPID/ 
LITTLE/ FILE

 Are These OK?  Yes

 Please enter a detailed description 
 of the file that is being uploaded. 

 Enter Description (-/- to Exit)     

This is just a test... don't worry
about it!

 Cmd: ?

 [S]ave [C]ontinue [I]nsert [A]bort 
 [E]dit [R]estart  [D]elete         
 [F]ind [P]review  [L]ist   [?]Menu 
____________________________________
 Command that can be used within    
 this text editor:                  
____________________________________
 Ctrl-X  = Delete Line              
 Ctrl-W  = Delete last word         
____________________________________
 Ctrl-C  = Center a line of text    
 Ctrl-R  = Right Justify a line     
 Ctrl-C/R must be first character   
 in line being centered/justified.  

 Cmd: E

 Line(s) to Edit?  (1-2): 2

about it! 

 Enter New Text and Press -/- to Exit 

about it. Used for the capture in the
Special Edition of ZMAG98! (hehehe)

 Cmd: f

 Word to Find:  Zmag98

 Line > 3

 Cmd: p

This is just a test... don't worry 
About it. Used for the capture in the 
Special Edition of ZMAG98! (hehehe)



you can also center or right justify
text (in the message editor or this
description editor) like so:


 Cmd: c

 Enter Description (-/- to Exit)     

Special Edition of ZMAG98! (hehehe)

(Note: Usage of the Ctrl-R command
were deleted since they will cause
havic with terminal programs or in the
ascii transfer of this issue after
completion.)

Don't
Forget
to
read
it!!!!!!!!!!!

 Cmd: p

This is just a test... don't worry 
About it. Used for the capture in the 
Special Edition of ZMAG98! (hehehe)

             Don't
             Forget 
              to
             read
          it!!!!!!!!!!! 

 Cmd: 

 Now in Chat Mode 

 Abort, Are You Sure?  Yes

Syndicate BBS  (201) 968-8148          

 Command : Menu

Ok.. One neat thing about Carina II
is that I have a status window that I
can toggle from non-existant, to 5
-line, to full-page.  When in the full
-page mode, I get a cursor and I can
edit your status (even while you are
still using the BBS.  You won't even
notice I'm doing it)... Let me give
you some SysOp access so I can
demonstrate some of the SysOp features
to you.

ok... there we go...

 Command : go at

 Message Area : Yes  New: 87
 File Area    : Yes  New: 82
 Game Area    : No
 Database Area: No
 Votepoll Area: Yes

Syndicate BBS  (201) 968-8148

 Section > The  Atari  Zone
 Minutes > 014
 Command : Edit 

 Cmd: p

Well, this is the Atari section. It's
mainly to be used for 8-bit
discussions and files.  Any Public 
Domain Atari 8-bit files can be placed
in this section, but if they would fit
better in another SIG then put them 
there first.  This is more of a
General Atari Sig.   Let's get some 
discussions going here. I know there's
not much to talk about, but I'm sure 
you guys can think of something to
say! Also, check out the voting topics
and give us an idea about yourself!

              - Thanks, Katt [Sig-Op]  
 Cmd: 

This is the bulletins file for the
Atari Section.  Katt is the SysOp of
this section and he is responsible for
keeping the bulletins up to date...

 [S]ave [C]ontinue [I]nsert [A]bort 
 [E]dit [R]estart  [D]elete         
 [F]ind [P]review  [L]ist   [?]Menu 
____________________________________
 Command that can be used within    
 this text editor:                  
____________________________________
 Ctrl-X  = Delete Line              
 Ctrl-W  = Delete last word         
____________________________________
 Ctrl-C  = Center a line of text    
 Ctrl-R  = Right Justify a line     
 Ctrl-C/R must be first character   
 in line being centered/justified.  

 Cmd: r

 Restart, Are You Sure?  Yes

 New File 

 Cmd: c

 Carina II Edit (Press -/- for Menu) 

Welcome to the Atari Section!

This is the bulletin's file for this
section.... As a SysOp of this
section, I can edit this file.
Whenever someone enters this section,
they will be shown this bulletin file
(if they have not already seen it
before).

 Cmd: p


     Welcome to the Atari Section!

This is the bulletin's file for this 
section.... As a SysOp of this 
section, I can edit this file.  
Whenever someone enters this section, 
they will be shown this bulletins file
(if they have not already seen it 
before).

 Cmd: f

 Word to Find:  before

 Line > 10

before)
------
 [R]eplace [N]ext [Q]uit : r

 Replace With:  already

 No More Matches Found 

 Cmd: p
}

     Welcome to the Atari Section!

This is the bulletin's file for this 
section.... As a SysOp of this 
section, I can edit this file.  
Whenever someone enters this section, 
they will be shown this bulletins file 
(if they have not already seen it 
already).


 Cmd: c

 Carina II Edit (Press -/- for Menu) 

already).


Your Sysop,

Katt

 Cmd: p


     Welcome to the Atari Section!

This is the bulletin's file for this 
section.... As a SysOp of this 
section, I can edit this file.  
Whenever someone enters this section, 
they will be shown this bulletins file
(if they have not already seen it 
already).



         Your Sysop,


              Katt 

 Cmd: l

1> 

2> Welcome to the Atari Section!
3> 

4> This is the bulletin's file for
this 
5> section.... As a SysOp of this 
6> section, I can edit this file.  
7> Whenever someone enters this
section, 
8> they will be shown this bulletins
file 
9> (if they have not already seen it 
10> already).
11> 

12> 

13> 

14> Your Sysop,
15> 

16> 

17> Katt 


 Cmd: s

 Command : go general

 Switching to  The  General  Area

 Message Area : Yes  New: 172
 File Area    : No   New: N/A
 Game Area    : No
 Database Area: Yes
 Votepoll Area: No

Syndicate BBS  (201) 968-8148

 Command : Bulletins 


          General Bulletins! 

RoboWar II is now Online in the new
RoboWar II section.  Check it out!

Area code of the West Palm Beach area
will be changing from 305 to 407 real
soon! 
______________________________________
As you can see, each section does
indeed hav its own bulletins file.
Let's check out the vote poll (now
that I'm thinking of it) for the Atari
Section.

 Command : Vote-Poll at

 Switching to  The  Atari  Zone

       Carina BBS - Voting Poll 

 Question #  1

Which DOS do you use? 

 Times this poll has been taken > 17

 [V]ote [S]kip [R]esults [Q]uit:  V

 Select one of the Following           
  A....Sparta Dos                    
  B....MyDos                         
  C....TopDos                        
  D....Dos XL                        
  E....Smart Dos                     
  F....Atari Dos 2.0                 
  G....Atari Dos 2.5                 
  H....Other                         
                                       

 Enter Choice [A-H]: A
 Are you Sure?  Yes

 Results of Vote Poll                  
 67%....Sparta Dos                    
  6%....MyDos                         
  0%....TopDos                        
  0%....Dos XL                        
 11%....Smart Dos                     
  0%....Atari Dos 2.0                 
 17%....Atari Dos 2.5                 
  0%....Other                         
                                       

 Press RETURN  

       Carina BBS - Voting Poll 

 Question #  2

Do you own Basic XL and/or Basic XE? 

 Times this poll has been taken > 17

 [V]ote [S]kip [R]esults [Q]uit:  V

 Select one of the Following           
  A....Yes                           
  B....Nope                          
                                       

 Enter Choice [A-B]: B

 Are you Sure?  Yes

 Results of Vote Poll                  
 56%....Yes                           
 44%....Nope                          
                                       

 Press RETURN  

 Last poll question in this section 

Also as a SysOp (of this Section) you
are able to give other users access to
your section via the U-Edit command:

 Command : U-Edit 

 Existing Users   > 183

 Cannot edit a SysOp 

 |Nm|SAM GRIDLEY           |Ac|2
 |Pn|

 SIG Access  [*]

 |High Msg|87   The  Atari  Zone
 |High Fle|79

 Command [?]=Menu:  

 |Nm|BOB TROTMAN           |Ac|3
 |Pn|

 SIG Access  [S]

 |High Msg|87   The  Atari  Zone
 |High Fle|82

 Cannot edit a SysOp 

 |Nm|CHARLES HOYLE         |Ac|4
 |Pn|

 SIG Access  [*]

 |High Msg|0   The  Atari  Zone
 |High Fle|0

 Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Press RETURN for Next User      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [E]dit [R]eset [-]Skip Back     
 [S]ave [P]rint [#]Go Message # 
 [K]ill [?]Menu [B]lacklist      
 [V]alidate     [!]Revive       
 [W]rite Validation File [0-9]   
 [USER NAME] to search for user 

 Command [?]=Menu:  ron kovacs

 |Nm|RON KOVACS            |Ac|59
 |Pn|201-968-8148

 SIG Access  [*]

 |High Msg|50   The  Atari  Zone
 |High Fle|3

 Cannot edit a SysOp 

 |Nm|ED BOWLES             |Ac|60
 |Pn|

 SIG Access  [*]

A few of these commands you cannot
access (because you are only a Sig
SysOp).  For instance, you cannot
blacklist someone.  Only a SysOp of
Electronic Mail can access these types
of commands...  When you are a SysOp
of E-Mail, you get to see a lot more
also....


 |Nm|TERRY FOSTER          |Ac|61
 |Pn|

 SIG Access  [*]

 |High Msg|2   The  Atari  Zone
 |High Fle|0

 Command [?]=Menu:  q

 Command : U-Edit pr

 Switching to  Electronic Mail

 Existing Users   > 183

 Command [?]=Menu:  ron kovacs

 |Nm|RON KOVACS            |Ac|59
A|Pn|201-968-8148         B|Pw|
C|Tl|30   D|Tr|12         E|Lc|3/19/88
F|Cl|4    G|Ul|1          H|Lt|16:30:45
I|Ms|0    J|Dl|0
 ______________________________________
  Sections >|ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
K Commands  **************
 ABCDEFGIKLNOPQRSTUVWYZ/?-=+*!#$%&@()<>
L+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
______________________________________
MPO Box 74 Middlesex, NJ 08846         ______________________________________
N|V52|    O|Clr|   P|Hdr|    Q|Lnf|  
R|Brk|    S|80c|   T|Cls|    U|Cnt|  
V|Scr|24  W|Ulr|10  X|Csc|12  Y|???|
ZRead All New,Browse All New
 |High Msg|1244   Electronic Mail
 |High Fle|12 |E-mail|0 |F-mail|0

 Command [?]=Menu:  

Here is all of the different items
associated with your account. The A-Z
items are the Sections that you have
access to.  The line underneath that
is all of the commands that you have
access to (some of them are not used
so users can add their own commands if
they want).

SysOps of sections are also
responsible for validating files that
are uploaded.... Let's check to see if
there are any.

 Command : Validate at

 Switching to  The  Atari  Zone
 File #    1
 Filename  SPCOBER         Size  8234
 Sent by   127-R.I
 Sent on   3-19-88 10:36am
 Brief     
GOOD GAME  
 KeyWords 
OBJECT/ GAME/ 
______________________________________

GOOD GAME 

______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu : ?

 Press RETURN for Next File      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [#]Go# [?]Menu [-]Skip Back     
                [V]alid [K]ill  

 Command [?]=Menu : 

 File #    2
 Filename  NUDEDEMO.COM    Size  20736
 Sent by   28-GARY LOVELESS       
 Sent on   3-17-88  8:38pm
 Brief     
INTERESTING NUDE DEMO      
 KeyWords 
OBJECT/ DEMO/ 
______________________________________

THIS DEMO GOES ON FOR AWHILE, BUT THE 
GRAPHICS ARE GOOD...WORTH HAVING A 
LOOK AT.

8-Bitter

______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu : +

 File #    3
 Filename  TOPTEN37.BAS    Size  6235
 Sent by   180-CHARLES AMOROSE     
 Sent on   3-18-88  1:55pm
 Brief     
Carina 1.0 Top Ten Lister Ver. 3.7
 KeyWords 
BASIC/ UTILITY/ CARINA/ BBS/ 
______________________________________

This is the latest version of my Top 
Ten Lister for Carina 1.0 Line 1100 is 
where it looks for the Password.Fle, 
so you will probably have to change 
the drive number. Line 2000 is where 
the list gets saved, so you might want
to change that also.  
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu : ?

 Press RETURN for Next File      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [#]Go# [?]Menu [-]Skip Back     
                [V]alid [K]ill  

 Command [?]=Menu : v

now if we take a look, it should be
there...

 Command : browse last

 File #   83 The  Atari  Zone
 Filename TOPTEN37.BAS   Size 6235
 Left at  3/19/88 - 4:49:07pm
 Sent by  180-CHARLES AMOROSE     
 Accesses 0
 Brief    
Carina 1.0 Top Ten Lister Ver. 3.7   
 KeyWords 
BASIC/ UTILITY/ CARINA/ BBS/ 
_______________________________________ Command [?]=Menu:  ?

 Existing Files  [1-83]

 Press RETURN for Next File      
 [Q]uit [A]gain [+]Skip Forward 
 [#]Go# [?]Menu [-]Skip Back     
 [M]ark [U]nMrk [=]Clear Mrkers 
 [N]ext Section [C]ontinuous     
 [V]iew Arc     [D]ownload      

 Command [?]=Menu:  q

and so it is...  ~

SysOps can also make votepolls,
compact their file area physically
deleting all files that have been
tagged for deletion), and they can
also write form letters (this is
pretty neat).  Observe:

 Command : Post 

 Send Message to:  all

 Sending to  0-All                 

 Message Title:  The Atari Sig!

 Enter Message (Press -/- for Menu) 

Hello there %!01,

     Welcome to the Atari 8-bit sig!
In case your have forgotten, your
account number is %!02, your phone
number is %!04-%!05-%!06, and you have
%!10 minutes left!

How come you are only cali~ling at %
%!25 baud?! I thought you were rich!

Sincerely,

Your SysOp

 Cmd: l

1> Hello there %!01,
2> 

3>      Welcome to the Atari 8-bit sig!
4> 

5>      In case you have forgotten, your 
6> account number is %!02, your phone 
7> number is %!04-%!05-%!06, and you have 
8> %!10 minutes left!
9> 

10>      How come you are only calling at 
11> %!25 baud?! I thought you were rich!
12> 

13> 

14> Sincerely,
15> 

16> 

17> Your SysOp 


 Cmd: p

 Message 88 The  Atari  Zone
 Sent to 0-All                 
 Sent by 59-RON KOVACS
  Topic  The Atari Sig!      
  Title  The Atari Sig!      

Hello there %!01,

     Welcome to the Atari 8-bit sig!

     In case you have forgotten, your 
account number is %!02, your phone 
number is %!04-%!05-%!06, and you have 
%!10 minutes left!

     How come you are only calling at 
%!25 baud?! I thought you were rich!


              Sincerely,


                            Your SysOp 

 Cmd: s

 Message Sent 

Syndicate BBS  (201) 968-8148

 Section > The  Atari  Zone
 Minutes > 055
 Command : Read last

 Message 88 The  Atari  Zone
 Left at 3/19/88 - 4:54:17pm
 Sent to All                 
 Sent by SysOp:59-RON KOVACS          
 Topic   The Atari Sig!      
 Title   The Atari Sig!      
_______________________________________

Hello there RON KOVACS,

     Welcome to the Atari 8-bit sig!

     In case you have forgotten, your 
account number is 59, your phone 
number is 201-968-8148, and you have 
055 minutes left!

     How come you are only calling at 
1200 baud?! I thought you were rich!


              Sincerely,


                            Your SysOp 
______________________________________

 Command [?]=Menu:  

Pretty neat eh?

One thing you will notice when first
logging onto a Carina II BBS is that,
unlike Carina 1, Carina II is very
fast.  Because it is SpartaDos-only,
an enourmous speed increase was
possible.  Carina II consists of 19
modules! (not 5 like Carina 1), as you
can see, VERY powerful.  It is also
easier to use than Carina 1 (with the
single letter input and all).

However, the power of the system was
in no way sacraficed for this.  You
still have the ability to program
on-line, go to SpartaDos on-line, and
even run different programs!

 Command : Ext-Sys 

|[C] Create/Edit Configuration       |
|[S] Create/Edit a Section           |
|[G] Global Mask (Commands/Sections) |
|[U] Upload a file Locally           |
|[R] RUN another BASIC program       |
|[B] BASIC                           |
|[D] SpartaDOS                       |
|[X] Exit                            |

 Sys-Com : BASIC

READY
NEW

READY
LIST

READY
10 REM LET'S DO A DIRECTORY OF DRIVE 1
20 DIM I$(40)
30 O.#1,6,0,-D1:*.*-
40 TRAP 100
50 INPUT #1,I$:?I$:GOTO 50
100 END
LIST

10 REM LET'S DO A DIRECTORY OF DRIVE 1
20 DIM I$(40)
30 OPEN #1,6,0,-D1:*.*-
40 TRAP 100
50 INPUT #1,I$:? I$:GOTO 50
100 END 

READY
RUN
  X32D    DOS 052
  ASSEMBLYDIR 002
  CARINA1 DIR 002
  CARINAIIDIR 002
  SPARTA  DIR 002
  UTILTIESDIR 002
  MODULE  DIR 002
  SYSMOD  DIR 002
  SYSTXT  DIR 002
  SYSTEM  DIR 002
  BACKUP  DIR 002
  EXTRA   DIR 002
  BBS_LISTDAT 031
  CONFIG  DAT 002
  CALLER  DAT 002
  TERMCONFDAT 002
  USRVAL_0DAT 002
  USRVAL_1DAT 002
  USRVAL_2DAT 002
  INDEX   FLE 018
  CD1     BAT 002
  C       BAT 002
  I       BAT 002
  CD2     BAT 002
  BACKUP  BAT 002
  ZHAND   COM 005
  MOE     COM 050
  PASSWORDFLE 186
  BACKDIR     005
  VTCODE      005
  STRIPZ      002
  VTCODE2     005
  HDBACKUPCOM 006
  HDRESTORASM 027
  HDBACKUPASM 023
  HDRESTORCOM 008
  BBS     BAT 002
  HDBACKUPBAT 002
  DRIVE5  BAK 012
  CHK     BAT 002
  XINIT   BAT 002
  LOGOFF  VT  008
  TRAN16_8    002
  MAKEINDX    012
  ROBOPASSFLE 049
  LASTCBATDAT 005
  LASTHBATDAT 005
  LASTCKILDAT 005
  LASTHKILDAT 005
  LASTATOMDAT 005
  MAKEMAN     006
960 FREE SECTORS

READY

But of course, there's no need to
write this program when you can always
go to Dos!

 Command : Ext-Sys 

|[C] Create/Edit Configuration       |
|[S] Create/Edit a Section           |
|[G] Global Mask (Commands/Sections) |
|[U] Upload a file Locally           |
|[R] RUN another BASIC program       |
|[B] BASIC                           |
|[D] SpartaDOS                       |
|[X] Exit                            |

 Sys-Com : SpartaDOS

D1:dir

Volume:            
Directory: MAIN    

X32D     DOS  12890  2-17-86  2:10p
ASSEMBLY     <DIR>   1-31-88  1:40p
CARINA1      <DIR>   1-30-88  5:55p
CARINAII     <DIR>   1-30-88  5:55p
SPARTA       <DIR>   1-30-88  8:24p
UTILTIES     <DIR>   1-30-88  8:31p
MODULE       <DIR>   1-31-88  1:40p
SYSMOD       <DIR>   1-31-88  1:40p
SYSTXT       <DIR>   1-31-88  1:40p
SYSTEM       <DIR>   1-31-88  1:40p
BACKUP       <DIR>   1-31-88  1:41p
EXTRA        <DIR>   1-31-88  1:41p
BBS_LIST DAT   7424  8-23-87  1:30p
CONFIG   DAT     22  3-16-88  7:24a
CALLER   DAT      9  3-19-88  4:30p
Break Abort

D1:CHKDSK
      Volume:          47 1C
Bytes/sector: 256
 Total bytes: 10747648
  Bytes free:  9205760
  Write lock: OFF

D1:CHKDSK D2:
      Volume:          50 BD
Bytes/sector: 256
 Total bytes: 16776960
  Bytes free: 16307456
  Write lock: OFF

D1:MEM
Memlo: $5730  Memhi: $9C1F

D1:HMMMM... LET'S BACKUP THE HARD
DRIVE DIRECTORIES

File not found

D1:HDBACKUP D1: D2:DRIVE1.BAK

Hard drive directory backup; ver 1.0
by Jerry Horanoff

D1:ASSEMBLY>
D1:CARINA1>
D1:CARINA1>DISK1>
D1:CARINA1>DISK2>
D1:CARINA1>MOE>
D1:CARINA1>UTILITY>
D1:CARINAII>
D1:CARINAII>D1S1>
D1:CARINAII>D1S1>MODULE>
D1:CARINAII>D1S2>
D1:CARINAII>D1S2>MODULE>
D1:CARINAII>D1S2>SYSMOD>
D1:CARINAII>D2S1>
D1:CARINAII>D2S1>SYSTXT>
D1:CARINAII>D2S2>
D1:CARINAII2
'EII>
D1:SPARTA>
D1:UTILTIES>
D1:MODULE>
D1:SYSMOD>
D1:SYSTXT>
D1:SYSTEM>
D1:BACKUP>
D1:EXTRA>

Hard drive directories all backed up

Here is a list oo~f all of the
different modules that Carina II uses:


D1:dir D7:MODULE>

Volume:    RamDsk 7
Directory: MODULE  

WINDOW   BIN    387  1-13-88  1:12a
TRANSFER BIN    806  2-13-88 10:50p
BOOTBBS        3725  3-16-88 12:39a
WAITCALL       6622  3-13-88  3:14p
GATEWAY       14382  3-13-88  3:27a
USERCOM       14808  3-17-88  4:06p
MAILCOM       14213  3-18-88 12:10a
FILECOM       12734  3-17-88  4:07p
MAILTRAN      14846  3-06-88  2:18a
FILETRAN      11575  3-06-88  2:18a
FILERECV      12883  3-01-88 10:08p
XY_TRAN        6562  2-25-88 11:44p
CM_TRAN        7831  3-02-88  4:39p
   819 FREE SECTORS

D1:DIR D7:SYSMOD<~>

Volume:    RamDsk 7
Directory: SYSMOD  

SYSCOM        13235  3-13-88  2:02a
USEREDIT      12029  2-28-88  4:34p
FILEVAL        6471  2-15-88  1:58a
MAKEVOTE       2697  1-17-88  5:12p
COMPACT        3326  3-16-88  1:20p
EDIT           7648  3-18-88 12:14a
COPY           1906  1-27-88 11:35p
TERM           4710  2-27-88  8:49p
MAKEMAN        1110  3-17-88  6:15p
   819 FREE SECTORS

D1:

I think that is 20 modules (not
including the .BIN files).  It's a
pretty massive system.

D1:CAR

READY
RUN-D7:M~SYSMODU~>SYSCOM

 Sys-Com : Config

 7- [A] SYSTEM folder drive           
 7- [B] SYStem TeXT files drive       
 1- [C] PASSWORD/INDEX/SYS-DAT drive  
 7- [D] MODULE folder's drive         
 7- [E] SYSop MODules folder's drive  
24- [F] Modem Baud Rate               
 N- [G] ATASCII only configuration    
 N- [H] Printer Support               
 N- [I] Chat bell on boot-up?         
 N- [J] Keep a list of callers?       
 3- [K] Backup after this many hours  
    [L] AT command  -  ATS10=255

    Select or RETURN:  
 Sys-Com : Create/Edit Sections

 Key-Word GDMF      Section Name      
APRIVATE   0534Electronic Mail        
BGENERAL   0530The  General  Area     
CCARINA    0534The  Carina  Universe  
DST        0534The  ST  Forum         
EATARI     0534The  Atari  Zone       
FIBM       0534The  IBM  Executives   
GAMIGA     0534The  Amiga  World      
HCOMMODORE 0534The  Commodore  Pub    
IAPPLE     0534The  Apple  Orchard    
JTANDY     0534The  Tandy  Tavern     
KII_FILES  0504The  Carina II  Files  
LGAMER'S   0530The  Gamer's  Corner   
MACC/PB    0530The  ACC/PB  Members   
NDEBATE    0530The  Debate  Room      
OVIP       0530     V.I.P.  Members   
PROBOWAR   5530The  RoboWar II  Area  
 Key-Word GDMF      Section Name      

 [K][G][D][M][F][N][S]ave 
 [R]emove Last     [Q]uit 
 [C]reate New Section    : 

If I ever decide that I want to change
the location of a particular
subdirectory, I can do it from here...

I can also change the section name,
keyword, etc...

 [K][G][D][M][F][N][S]ave 
 [R]emove Last     [Q]uit 
 [C]reate New Section    : q

 Sys-Com : Global Mask

 [A] Clear Messages Waiting   
 [B] Clear Files Waiting     
 [C] Clear High Message Read  
 [D] C~rE

 [1] Tag (give access)         
 [2] Untag (take away access) 

 Select:  2

 ABCDEFGIKLNOPQRSTUVWYZ/?-=+*!#$%&@()<>

 Command to untag:  l

 ABCDEFGIKLNOPQRSTUVWYZ/?-=+*!#$%&@()<>
                                     


 Command to untag:  t

ABCDEFGIKLNOPQRSTUVWYZ/?-=+*!#$%&@()<>
                                     
 Command to untag:  v

 ABCDEFGIKLNOPQRSTUVWYZ/?-=+*!#$%&@()<>
                                    
 Command to untag:  


 Are you Sure?  No

 Sys-Com : Exit

|Carina II|BBS-305-747-9196|Voice-9195|
And that's about it... There are a few
more commands (like make a vote poll)
etc... but you pretty much get the
idea of what it does.

The program is basically completed...
I'm working on the manual right now. 
It should be out by the end of April!
It will be available for $65.00 to
non-Carina 1 owners.  Carina 1 owners
can subtract $10.00 and if they sent
in their registration card they can
subtract another $10.00.
______________________________________
ZMAGAZINE 98            March 21, 1988
(c)1988 SPC/Ron Kovacs
______________________________________
