**************************************
*        Z M A G A Z I N E           *
**************************************
Issue #107                May 23, 1988

Publisher/Editor: Ron Kovacs
Managing Editor : Ralph Mariano

APEInc
PO Box 74
Middlesex, New Jersey 08846-0074
BBS: (201) 968-8148  300/1200  24hrs
______________________________________
T A B L E    O F    C O N T E N T S 
______________________________________
|*| Publishers Desk
|*| Atari News Update
|*| More News
|*| Atari Desktop Publishing News
|*| Latest Developments and Update
|*| New CompuServe Forum Software
|*| Hardware Review  NX1000
|*| Information Watch
|*| ZMag Classified Advertising Rates
|*| Modifying 850 Express
|*| Avatex 1200 Modification(Re-print)
______________________________________
Publishers Desk
______________________________________
by Ron Kovacs

As many may or may not know, we are
currently under re-organization.  The
ST-Report magazine staff has been
shuffled around and Ralph Mariano has
taken on the task of Managing Editor.

In an effort to keep the 8-bit readers
up to date on Atari News and info, we
will be publishing short news articles
that may not be specific to 8 bitters.

As with this weeks edition, ST news is
rampant, but we will still cover 8 bit
news first. For more ST news, reviews,
and commentary, read ST-Report!!

Here are a few additions to your ZMAG
BBS listing. The next update will be
released June 1, 1988.

S105-203  ST BBS (Name??) 203-873-8518
X106-805  Home Bace BBS   805-831-7037
X107-612  Flight Line BBS 612-544-5118
Z108-502  StormBringer    502-955-6955
X132-615  STarbase BBS    615-528-7153
Z102-201  Mideval Castle  201-752-2818
X103-307  Prairie Chip    307-635-0148

Thanks for reading ZMagazine.
______________________________________
Atari News Update
______________________________________
The following text was captured from
the comp.sys.atari.st section of the
Rutgers FidoNet (201-932-3887) on
5/18/88.  The text has been slightly
edited for clarity and typos.

Article Edited by Steve Godun for ZMag

#36  18 May 88  14:37:33 [1]
From: Usenet News
To:   All
Subj: Shiraz Shivji Reveals Future
       Atari Plans

From: <a href="mailto:steven@cwi.nl?subject=Re:%20Z*Magazine:%2023-May-88%20#107">steven@cwi.nl</a> (Steven Pemberton)
Date: 10 May 88 12:56:11 GMT

Organization: CWI, Amsterdam
Message-ID: <<a href="mailto:311@piring.cwi.nl?subject=Re:%20Z*Magazine:%2023-May-88%20#107">311@piring.cwi.nl</a>>
>Newsgroups: comp.sys.atari.st

Shiraz Shivji was interviewed at the
Hannover Fair by the Dutch monthly
Atari ST News, and I thought net
readers might be interested by some of
the things he said.  What follows has
been translated to Dutch by the paper,
and then back into English by me, so
it might not reflect *exactly* what he
said.

-The ST will remain the most important
product for Atari.  For instance,
(there is a worldwide shortage of
memory chips) all memory chips that we
can get go first to the ST range. Only
then do we use them for the PC range.
We will offer a path to connect ST
computers to the TT.

-In contrast to the past, when Atari
was known for its Vaporware, we are
going to be much more careful with
announcements of new products. We want
to get rid of that bad image that we
announce all sorts of things that are
only years later available, or even
are never produced.-

He then went on to talk about new
Atari products:

* The EST (Enhanced ST) will be the
  next item in the ST range, featuring
  a 68000 processor at 8MHz, but with
  higher resolution in both mono and
  color, more colors, improved VDI,
  and is upwardly compatible with the
  current ST computers, with the
  addition, for example, of horizontal
  and vertical scrolling.

  Expected availability: 4th Quarter,
  1988

* A removable hard disk, the SR244.
  The disks have the size and form of
  a compact disk box, and will cost
  $120 each.  Cost of the unit itself
  will be little above the current
  hard disk price, and will have a
  capacity of about 44-Megs per disk
  with an access time of 25Ms.  (The
  SH205 has an access time of 65Ms, as
  a comparison).  It shouldn't be long
  before there are 60- and 80-Meg
  disks with 15Ms access times.

  Expected availability: 3rd or 4th
  Quarter, 1988

* A number of new, non-exchangeable
  hard disks, with a much larger
  capacity than the SH205.
  Expected availability: 3rd Quarter,
  1988

* The CD-ROM drive is expected to be
  available everywhere for around
  $600, including (?) interface cable
  and software driver.
  Expected availability: 3rd Quarter,
  1988

* The TT computer, featuring a 68030
  processor, 68882 floating-point
  co-processor, VME bus, Unix V system
  3.1, and the possibility to connect
  an ST to the DMA port.  The ST will
  then run X-windows. It may be
  possible that GEM will then run in
  one of the windows.  All this for
  only $5000. Expected availability:
  4th Quarter, 1988

* They have found a new manufacturer
  for the BLITTER chips and now expect
  to catch up on back-orders -in a few
  months-.

* Atari has just been having high-
  level talks with Digital Research.
  No further information is available
  about what the discussions were
  about.

* A portable ST is being developed. No
  dates for availability.

On this last point, in the May
Personal Computer World, a British
magazine, a reporter tells that Sam
Tramiel assured him that the portable
ST should be available by Christmas at
around $1000.  The machine, called the
STacey, is being prototyped by
Perihelion in Cambridge, England (who
are also doing the Abaq, by the way).
Planned features include 1-Meg RAM,
20-Meg hard disk, 3.5- floppy disk,
full LCD screen, and a track ball
instead of a mouse.  Memory shortages
may mean that the first versions will
have 512K of RAM, and pricing
considerations may mean that the hard
disk will go.

Steven Pemberton, CWI, Amsterdam;
<a href="mailto:steven@cwi.nl?subject=Re:%20Z*Magazine:%2023-May-88%20#107">steven@cwi.nl</a> or mcvax!steven.uucp
______________________________________
More News
______________________________________
by Steve Godun

Hi guys...Remember me?  -Hey, he's the
guy that wrote all those reviews for
the Atari and Nintendo, and did all
that other stuff for Zmag!-

Yeah, that's me.  A few of you have
asked me why I don't write for Zmag
any more (thank you for noticing), and
the answer is that I *DO* write, but
I've been pretty busy lately and
haven't had the time to get some
material together.

Now that I've got some free time, I'M
BACK!!! OK, here we go...

Atari 8-bit news...Over 350,000 Apple,
IBM, and Commodore owners have had a
big advantage over XL/XE owners. Until
now, that is.  Springboard software
has just released -The Newsroom,- a
desktop publishing program that has
been a favorite among the above
mentioned computers for quite some
time. The Newsroom includes everything
you need to create great looking
newsletters in just a few minutes.

Choose from over 600 pieces of clip
art with the option to edit and modify
those pieces for custom results, or
create your own with the drawing
tools.  A built-in mini word processor
allows you to write and print in any
of five fonts with built-in -picture
wrap,- where the text automatically
(and smoothly) wraps around your clip
art.  And with the addition of three
Clip Art Volumes, the possibilities
are endless.

***SPECIAL OFFER***

Until July 31, Springboard is offering
a special discount offer for the Atari
version of The Newsroom. Order now and
receive up to 50% in discounts!  Buy
The Newsroom for $39.95 (list $49.95),
NR+1 clip art volume for $49.90 (list
$79.90), NR+2 clip art volumes for
$59.85 (list $109.85), or the whole
package -- NR+3 clip art volumes --
for $69.80 (list $139.80) -- a savings
OVER 50% To order, call 800-654-6301,
extension 3011 (ask for -Newsroom
Atari Offer-) and have your Visa or
MasterCard ready.  (There is a 30 day
money-back guarantee.)  Enjoy!

Now for some ST news...The Multiline
Nite Lite BBS is now available for the
Atari ST!  This is a TRUE multiline
BBS that is already in operation in
Maryland, Virginia, Illinois, and many
other places around the world.

Features of the Multiline Nite Lite
BBS include up to 7 callers at once
plus a local logon, up to 27 message
bases, 87 built-in commands including
an interpreter allowing you to add
your own custom functions and
commands, support for interactive and
/or single user on-line games, an
unlimited number of file transfer
sections, support for baud rates up to
2400 baud in any mix on all lines, two
chat -rooms- for caller conferences,
total sysop control even from remote
logon, built-in terminal mode for
outgoing calls...Too much more to
list!  Multiline Nite Lite BBS
operates in a standard GEM environment
on all Atari ST computers.  Multiline
BBS also requires an SP408 ($199) for
up to three lines or an SP808 ($349)
for up to 7 lines. The software itself
is $99 from Nite Lite Systems, or
*FREE* with the purchase of the SP408
or SP808 Programmable Serial
Interface.

One more catch...The order has to be
postmarked before July 1, 1988 from a
user group registered with Atari Corp.

Contact Nite Lite Systems
PO Box R
Billerica, MA 01821.

You can also experience Nite Lite BBS
at 617-663-4221 (3/1200), or
617-663-2885 (3/12/2400) 24 hours a
day, 7 days a week, or by voice at
617-663-4463.

General computer news...MEI/Micro
Center is still offering great deals
on computer disks (among other
things).  Now you can get 5.25- black
disks for .25 each in lots of 200, or
5.25- colored disks for .39 each in
lots of 10.

3.5- disks are now .89 and .99 each
(SS and DS, respectively) in lots of
50, while color 3.5--ers are $1.19
each in lots of 10.

More good deals include 2500 sheets of
laser cut printer paper for $15.95
(white w/tractor feed) for two or more
boxes, labels at $9.95 per box ($8.95
for two or more boxes), and $4.95 per
unit for 5.25- diskette cases (holds
70 disks; $3.95 per unit for two or
more).  Contact MEI at 1-800-634-3478
for more deals and for orders.  After
all, you can't have too many disks!

Gee, sure sounds like I've been taking
a few pesos for advertising, eh?

Anyway, that about wraps it up for
this article.  I wish I had a little
more news to spread around, but I've
been kicked off a few mailing lists
recently.  Well, I do have a little
personal news to announce.  I've been
made the Atari sub-sysop of The
Graphics Dump BBS (201-469-0049;
3/12/2400), a BBS supported by HAL
Systems, makers of ComputerEyes, etc.
Anyway, maybe next time I'll have
enough to make you say -Hey, this
guy's good.-  Because after all, I
am.  Seeya later...
______________________________________
Atari DeskTop Publishing News
______________________________________
Compiled by Steve Godun

Atari Shows Variety of Desktop
Publishing Solutions at CEPS.

At the Corporate Electronic Publishing
Show (CEPS) in Chicago last month,
Atari displayed new third-party
software support for the Atari Desktop
Publishing (DTP) system, based on the
Atari Mega line of business computers
and the Atari SML804 laser printer.
Atari has issued a challenge to DTP
systems with Apple of IBM hardware and
software platforms, demonstrating
complete systems at a lower price with
superior performance in most real-
world applications.

Said Chuck Babbitt, president of Atari
Computer, -The press really thought we
had something. We were showing a
$5,000 desktop publishing solution,
and Apple was showing $18,000 to
$20,000 systems. We are a real player
in this market.-

The newest software offering, Desktop
Publisher ST from Timeworks in
Deerfield, IL arrived in stores late
last month. Suggested retail is
$129.95. Publisher uses a true GEM-
based interface and offers word
processing, page layout, graphics, and
typesetting, including WYSIWYG
display. The program allows users to
import text from Word Writer ST, 1st
Word, and WordPerfect, as well as
ASCII files from any other word
processor. It fully supports the Atari
SLM804 laser printer, taking less that
one minute to produce a full page of
text and graphics.

A family of Accessory Packs of ready
-to-use graphics especially designed
for a variety of applications will be
available later this summer at $39.95
retail. Timeworks offers free
technical support to all registered
users, a money-back guarantee, and an
exclusive exchange policy. Timeworks
Desktop Publisher ST runs on the Atari
520ST, 1040ST, and Mega computers.

Soft-Logik Publishing Corporation of
St. Louis, MO has announced Publishing
Partner Professional, an advanced
version of its popular Publishing
Partner, to start shipping in early
June. Publishing Partner Professional
supports auto-text flow around
graphics, auto hyphenation, auto
kearning, a spelling dictionary, and
grouping of multiple objects. It
offers the ability to rotate, slant,
or twist text and objects, and special
functions for color printing.
Publishing Partner Professional also
allows users to import text from Word
Writer ST, 1st Word, Word Perfect, and
ASCII files. According to Shawn Fogle,
president, Soft-Logik has dramatically
improved the printing speed when used
with the Atari SLM804 laser printer --
now about 55 seconds to produce a full
page of text and graphics.

Publishing Partner Professional
includes a driver for the Atari SLM804
laser printer, and support for a
number of dot matrix and laser
printers, including PostScript for
devices like the Linotronic
phototypesetter.

Publishing Partner and Publishing
Partner Professional offers a unique
font scaling technique to allow
characters at any point size between
2 and 216, and many other features.
Both programs function with Atari's
520ST, 1040ST, and Mega computers.

According to one of Publish!
magazine's staff, upon viewing
Publishing Partner Professional at the
CEPS show, -This program has features
that no other desktop publishing
package has, like kearning tables and
color separations! I'm really
impressed.- Look for a full review of
the Atari DTP system in upcoming
issues of Publish! and Personal
Publishing.

Publishing Partner Professional will
sell at $199.95 retail. Registered
Publishing Partner owners may receive
an upgrade for only $50 in a program
just extended to June 1. The suggested
retail price of the original
Publishing Partner has been lowered
from $149.95 to $89.95.

Mirrorsoft's Fleet Street Publisher is
a desktop publishing program out of
Great Britian. Marketed here by
Spectrum Holobyte of Oakland, CA,
Fleet Street will fully support the
Atari SLM804 laser printer with a
release due soon. Additional graphics
libraries also will become available.
The current version works on the 520ST
amd 1040ST and retails for $149.95.

Fleet Street runs under GEM so it's
friendly and easy to use. It includes
a library of ready-to-use graphic
images, a pixel editor for creating
and adapting graphics, six fonts, and
box and rule drawing in multiple
weights and shades. International
character sets are available.

Another package from Europe is
Calamus, being sold in the US by ISD
Marketing in Canada. It is currently
anticipated that Calamus will appear
in stores in June. It offers many
high-level features, including a full
GEM interface, scalable fonts from
Monotype, polygon functions, an
integrated diagram graphics program
with functions including vector
graphics, and support for a number of
printers, including the Atari SLM804.
Calamus for the Mega will retail at
$449.95, and a fully compatible scaled
down version will be available fot the
1040ST at $199.95.

At the higher end of the marketplace,
Atari is producing the G.O. Graphics'
Deskset, a high-quality desktop
typesetting program designed for use
with the Atari Mega and SLM804 laser
printer. Deskset is a professional
level typesetting package which uses
genuine CompuGraphic scalable fonts
and WYSIWYG preview. It includes
automatic hyphenation and
justification, character pair kerning,
automatic character compensation, and
multiple exception hyphenation
dictionaries. Deskset uses a GEM
interface and typesetting commands
identical to those found in
CompuGraphic typesetting systems.
Deskset is soon to be released -- it's
currently in beta testing -- and will
retail for around $500.

All of these packages allow users to
import text from ASCII files from any
word processor. Graphics can be picked
up directly from either Degas,
NeoChrome, GEM Draw, or Easy-Draw
formats.

Supercharged Easy-Draw from Migraph,
in Federal Way, WA offers the
combination of the popular graphics
program with a graphics file
converter. The Supercharger allows
Easy-Draw to load bit images from
NeoChrome or Degas, as well as scanned
images of portions of any screen
display.

Excellent for use as a low-end desktop
publisher for the production of forms
and flyers, Easy-Draw 2.3 also offers
use of fonts, and takes full advantage
of the speed and versitility of the
Atari SML804 laser printer, composing
a full page of text and graphics in
only 30-40 seconds. Easy-Draw without
the Supercharger is often used as a
drawing tool for the creation of
scalable images, which are then
imported into the DTP packages
mentioned earlier.

Supercharged Easy-Draw retails for
$149.95. Easy-Draw end-users can
upgrade by purchasing the Supercharger
directly from Migraph.

In another corner of the desktop
publishing marketplace is a
sophisticated word processor,
Microsoft Write ($129.95). Write
offers a number of different fonts and
simple page layout commands to produce
professional-looking reports and
documentation quickly.

Another key component of the Atari
Desktop Publishing system is the ST
Scan package from Navarone Industries
in Campbell, CA. Consisting of a high-
speed interface and a Canon Image
Scanner, the package allows you to
digitize photographs, line art, or
other types of images, for use with
your Atari computer. The single-sheet
scanner retails for $1239. The flat-
bed scanner, which can accept any type
of bound material to a maximum of
8.5-x12-, retails for $1779. The ST
Scan package supports Degas, .IMG, and
PostScript image formats, in
resolutions of 75 to 300 dots per
inch.

(Whew! Well, that's it for desktop
publishing. I hope ya got some info
out of this that you didn't know
before because I'd hate to think that
almost a 1/2 hour of solid typing went
to waste!)

**************************************
* Read ST-Report Magazine for the    *
* latest news and reviews from Atari *
* and the ST community.              *
**************************************
______________________________________
Latest Developments and Update
______________________________________
by Ron Kovacs

ZMagazine and ST-Report Magazine have
exclusive areas on all the services.
To assist you with locating our areas,
here is an Online Map.

CompuServe  
--------------------------------------
Magazine|Command   |Description
--------|----------|------------------
  ZMag  |Go Atari8 |Library 11
 ST-Rpt |Go Atari16|Library 14
--------------------------------------
Address:  71777,2140


GEnie Services
--------------------------------------
  ZMag  | Atari8   |Library 14
 ST-Rpt | M 475;1  |Cat #22 
--------------------------------------
Address: ST-REPORT
         R.KOVACS
         REX.READE


Delphi
--------------------------------------
  ZMag  |Atari     |Database
 ST-Rpt |ST        |ST-Report
--------------------------------------
Address: RONKOVACS
         REXREADE

Update:
-------
Mr. Goodprobe is no longer affiliated
with the magazines.  However, we will
still be covering technical and
modification topics in the future.
These tasks have been reassigned.

Steve Godun has been named assistant
editor for ZMagazine.  Welcome aboard
Steve.
______________________________________
New CompuServe Forum Software
______________________________________
Compiled by Ron Kovacs

During the next few weeks, ZMagazine
and later ST-Report, will be updating
you on the new Forum software that
CompuServe put into system full
access May 17th.

This week an overview on the changes.
======================================
SIG Software Version 4D(7)
======================================
The result of the Forum Product
redesign is improved menus and
navigational commands, yet the overall
functionality of the forums remains
the same. The new Forum Product will
highlight the message board,
conferencing and libraries.  Ambiguous
commands have been eliminated and
global commands with consistent
meanings have been implemented.  User
attention is now focused on the
information content and less on the
software product.

Terminology Changes
===================
*  Leaving a message has been changed
   to COMPOSING a message.

*  Storing a message has been changed
   to POSTING a message.

*  Message Subtopics have been changed
   to Message Sections.

*  Data Library has been changed to
   Library.

*  Bulletin has been changed to
   Announcement

*  The Short Bulletin has been renamed
   to the News Flash Announcement.

*  The Regular Bulletin as been
   renamed to the General
   Announcement.

*  Read Marked has been changed to
   Read Waiting. The number of waiting
   messages will be displayed in
   paranthesis next to the menu
   option.

Function Menu Changes
=====================
*  This menu has been reorganized.
   Now, Instructions is the first item
   on the menu.  When instructions is
   selected, you can now get a summary
   of the various options in a Forum
   by selecting the item from the
   Instructions Menu.

Help and Instruction Changes
============================
*  A member can also obtain the
   complete HELP facility, a Forum
   Reference Card and the Forum Users
   Guide from the Instructions Menu.

Message Changes
===============
*  Leaving and Reading Messages has
   been combined into one option,
   MESSAGES, off the Functions Menu.

*  The CHANGE age selection menu has
   been added to the MESSAGES menu.
   This allows a member to change the
   way they read messages.

*  A member now has the ability to
   read messages starting from a
   particular date, which they
   specify.

*  A member can now read messages by
   SELECTing a message section and
   then by selecting the subjects
   which they want to read in that
   particular message section.  The
   number of subjects and messages
   available in each section are
   displayed next to each section
   name.

Library Changes
===============
*  DEScription has been removed from
   the Library menu, but is still
   available.

Conferencing Changes
====================
*  The number of forum members
   participating in a Conference is
   now displayed next to the menu
   option.

Options Changes
===============
*  The OPTIONS menu has been divided
   into 2 different sections, the
   Forum Options and the Messages
   Options.

*  Under the OPTIONS menu, a choice of
   INITIAL menu/prompt has been added.
   This option will give a member the
   ability to choose which area of the
   Forum they would like to access
   when they first enter the Forum.
   You have the option of choosing
   Functions, Messages, Libraries, or
   Conferencing.

Announcement Changes
====================
*  The Messages Announcement has been
   added to the Announcements Menu.
   The Announcement should contain Hot
   Topics being discussed on the
   Message Board.

Description Changes
===================
*  A descriptions menu will now be
   available form the Functions,
   Messages, Conferencing, and
   Libraries Menu.  This will give a
   member the ability to obtain a
   description of each of the
   available sections of messages,
   libraries, and conference rooms.

Miscellaneous Changes
=====================
*  All capitalized menu options can be
   abbreviated to the first 3 letters.

*  The miscellaneous commands of WHO,
   UST, and SEND can be entered at any
   menu prompt in the forum.

CBX Version 4D(40)
==================
*  A member is now required to enter
   the Conference room number they
   wish to enter to conference. Public
   and special access to the
   Conference rooms will be determined
   by the Sysop.
======================================
FORUM PRODUCT REDESIGN INTRODUCTION
======================================
The forum product has been one of the
most successful products we have, yet
it receives a lot of criticism.  It
has been considered hard to learn,
filled with confusing commands, and
overall one of the most intimidating
products available for subscribers.
The forum software product contains a
great deal of power and functionality,
attainable by cryptic and less than
intuitive commands.

The success of forums is largely
attributed to the information content.
Subscribers and Sysops are responsible
for adding valuable content. Thus it
is our intent to highlight the content
of the forums and push the software
and its interface into the background.

This will require change and change is
never easy. We have not, nor will we,
take a cavalier attitude toward the
experienced user. However we must also
consider the next generation of users
and cannot risk the growth and future
of the Service on an intimidating,
puzzling, and hard-to-learn product.
We cannot hold on to the current
interface just for some who have
fought and struggled to gain expertise
while we turn away large numbers of
subscribers due to confusion and
intimidation.  It neither benefits us
nor you.  With these thoughts in mind,
we established the goals.

CIS Goals
=========
1. To reduce ambiguity and confusing
   command syntax.

2. To reduce repetitious menus and
   focus on content, not commands.

3. To reduce the number of characters
   transmitted.

4. To become more consistent with
   other CIS product command
   structures.

BASIS FOR CHANGE
================
We base our changes on a year of
research. This research is ongoing and
will continue to shape the Forum
product in years to come. The research
includes feedback from subscriber and
non-subscriber focus groups,
subscriber comments to customer
service, comments from forum sysops
and others.

THE IMPROVED PRODUCT
====================
The new Forum Product will highlight
the message board, conferencing and
data libraries. Ambiguous commands
will be eliminated and global commands
with consistant meanings will be
implemented.  User attention will
focus on the information content and
less on the software product.

ONGOING SUPPORT
===============
The new Forum product will be
available automatically, but the old
Forum product can be called up by
appending an account id of -OLDF- when
logging in,
(ie., Userid: 70006,256;OLDF), or by
issuing the command -OF- from within
the forum. The old forum product will
be available for approximately one
year to aid experienced subscribers in
learning new commands.
======================================
Command Conversion Table
Updated: 04/07/88
======================================
by Mike Schoenbach [76703,4363]

Following text in 80 Column

======================================
Old Forum    New Forum
 Commands     Commands      Full Command  Command Explanation
==========================================================================
   RF         REA FOR       READ FORWARD  Read msgs in forward numerical order
   RR         REA REV       READ REVERSE  Read messages in reverse order
   RI         REA NUM       READ NUMBER   Read individual message number only
   RTN        REA NEW       READ NEW      Read new msgs in thread order
   RN         REA FOR NEW   Read new msgs in forward numerical order
   RS;F       REA FRO:      READ FROM:    Read msgs from name/User ID
   RS;T       REA TO:       READ TO:      Read msgs to name/User ID
   RS;S       REA SUB:      READ SUBJECT: Read msgs with specified subj
   RM         REA WAI       READ WAITING  Read -waiting- messages
   RE;###     REP ###       REPLY ###     Reply to message ####.
   L          COM           COMPOSE       Compose new message
   B          ANN           ANNOUNCEMENT  Announcement Files
   CO         CON           CONFERENCE    Enter Conference area
   DL         LIB           LIBRARY       Enter Library area
   R          MES           MESSAGE       Enter Message area
   MD or V    MEM           MEMBER        Enter Member Directory area
   IN         INS           INSTRUCTION   Enter Instructions area
   OP         OPT           OPTION        Enter Options area
   SB         NAM           NAME          View message section names
   LN         NAM           NAME          View library section names
 ============================
 At -Messages !- prompt/menu:
 ============================
   SF         SCA FOR       SCAN FORWARD  Scan msgs in numerical order
   SR         SCA REV       SCAN REVERSE  Scan msgs in reverse order
   ST DIS     SCA THR PRO   SCAN THREAD PROMPT
                                   Scan msgs and prompt for disposition
   QS         SCA QUI       SCAN QUICK    Scan message subjects only
   QSN        SCA QUI NEW   SCAN QUICK NEW  Scan new msg subjects only
 ==============================
 At -User Options- prompt/menu:
 ==============================
   UM         MOD           MODE  Forum mode (command, menu)
   SM         PAU    PAUSE Pause after reading msgs (always, never, to you)
   CN         NAM           NAME  Change name in Forum
   PC         CHA      CHARACTER  Specify prompt character
   ED         EDI         EDITOR  Default message editor (EDIT, LINEDIT)
   SU         SEC        SECTION  Default message sections to read
   RE         REP        REPLIES  Reply info (list, count, none)
 ===============================
 After reading a message:
 ===============================
   UA         COM        COMPOSE  Compose new message to current msg author
   RA         RER        REREAD   Re-read current message
   RE         REP        REPLY    Reply to current message
   MA         MAR        MARK     Mark current msg for later retrieval
   RP         PAR        PARENT   Read -Parent- (previous) message
   RR         REA REP    READ REPLY  Read replies to current msg
   SK         NEX        NEXT     Read next branch of thread
   SKALL      NEX SUB    NEXT SUBJECT  Read next thread (skip current)
   NS         SCR        SCROLL   Do not prompt for read action
 ==========================
 After composing a message:
 ==========================
   S          POS        POST      Post message on message board
   S#         POS SEC:#  POST SECTION: Post message in specified section
   SU         POS UNF    POST UNFORMATTED Post msg the way it currently
                         appears -- do not reformat
   SU#        POS UNF SEC:#   Post unformatted in specified section
   SP         POS PRI    POST PRIVATE  Post message privately
   C          EDI        EDIT      Edit message
   MA         MAI        MAIL      Mail message via EasyPlex
   MU         MAI UNF    MAIL UNFORMATTED Mail msg via EasyPlex unformatted
   P          PRE        PREVIEW   Preview current message.
   P#         PRE WID:#  PREVIEW WIDTH:# Preview message with specified
                                   line width.
   A          CAN        CANCEL    Cancel current message
   RA         RER        REREAD    Reread message you are replying to
 ===============================
 (*) Posts reply as part of same thread.
  Note: CompuServe will continue to support many of the commands that appear in
  the left column.

Following is a list of the old
commands not supported (Grandfathered)
in the new menus version:

A.  Functions Menu
    B, R, S, STONLY, STDISONL,
    STONLDIS, QSALL, QSONLY

    Note: RM = READ WAITING
          L  = COMPOSE

B.  Read Actions Prompt
    UA, SM, C

    Note: N  = NEXT reply

C.  Post Menu
    C, P, L, R, I, D, RA
______________________________________
Hardware Review
______________________________________
BY BRETT TALBOT 1988
   REPRINTED WITH PERMISSION

STAR NX-1000 COLOR PRINTER EVALUATION

FEATURES:
---------
SPEED: 144cps draft/33cps NLQ.

COMPATIBILITY: EPSON LX-800/FX/MX or
               IBM Proprinter II.

FONTS: 8 NLQ - Courier, Sanserif,
       Orator(2) + italic fonts.
       5cpi to 20cpi in NLQ.
       Double and Quad width & height.

COLOR: 7 in text/ over 400 in graphics
       dump.

PAPER FEED: Rear push tractor with
            paper park for
            semiautomatic single sheet
            loading.

CONTROLS: Full controls on front for
          16 functions.

PRICE: $319.
list/$230 to $280 discount.

MANUFACTURER: Star Micronics America

The NX-1000 is the next step in the
ongoing evolution of the Star
printers. Like its Gemini/SG-10
cousins the NX-1000 retains full Epson
compatibility with innumerable
features and an attractive price.

The NX interfaces with the ST without
necessity to reset any DIP switches.
Most Epson, Star, or Gemini print
drivers already function with the NX.
The front LED lit controls for font
pitch and typestyles are indeed
welcome. The four buttons have 14
other functions when two or three
buttons are pressed at once.

This is my third Star printer, and
seems even studier that my other
reliable Star printers. The push type
tractor feed is very welcome now that
I don't have to waste a sheet of paper
everytime I print!  Single sheet paper
can be inserted into the printer with
the tractor paper still in the machine
with the paper park function.  Line
spacing is very accurate; There are no
gaps between lines when printing
graphics.

The NLQ typestyles are terrific. My
old Star SG-10 had one NLQ font, and
the only special effect available was
underlining. Any text feature that can
be implemented in any one of the four
NLQ fonts.  Courier is the fanciest
font, and is similar to a nice
typewriter.  The Sanserif font looks
very similar to the font used on draft
text. Orator is larger than the
others, and has two styles: In the
first, lower case letters are shown as
small upper case. This is very
readable, as is the Orator with true
lower case. Orator with true lower
case looks funny because it does not
have true descenders. There are seven
colors that may be used in text mode
at any time.  If your word processor
does not support some or all of your
printer's codes, some are available
using a text command imbedded in
double parenthesis; this is a good way
to activate color in a word processor
such as STWriter or Word Writer ST.

In graphics, over 400 colors may be
printed using an Epson JX-80c printer
driver. Colors come out clean and
sharp, except that users must avoid
making dark color printouts. This will
wear out the ribbon and the colors
come out uneven. I find myself
modifying pictures in DEGAS before
printing. I lighten the colors and
change black backgrounds to white.
Graphics print quickly in Black, and
speed seems reasonable in Color. Color
mode requires that the printhead
changes color three times, and passes
over the picture three times as well.
The NX-1000 now has logic seeking
graphic printing, where the printhead
passes only over parts of the picture
to be printed.

The 8k RAM buffer holds two to four
pages of text, and is great if using a
modem. The buffer may be turned off
and transformed into a storage space
for downloadable draft and NLQ
characters.

Aethsetically the NX-1000's
streamlined appearance is much
different from the older models, being
a brownish grey instead of that white,
the smaller size is perfect for a
tight space situation such as a dorm. 
The printer weights only about 10
pounds, compared to the traditional
25, and ahs the Centronics port on the
side! (Yea!)   Current printer owners
will concede that a rear port can
cause many paper jams. Comparing the
NX-1000 to an older model is like
comparing a Ford Taurus to a Chrysler
K-car!  The sticker on the front of
the color NX-1000 has red, blue and
yellow stripes that I think look
junky. I understand that they needed
to make it look different from the
non-color NX-1000, but they chose the
worst colors.

One reason why I started buying Star
printers in the first place was
because they took underwood style
ribbons. They cost about two dollars
and you can flip them to use the
second side. Star has switched to
cartridges that cost about $7 for
black and $11 for color. Another
change is the manual, it is much
clearer and comes with several color
reference cards and command summaries.
The manual no longer suffers from
translated-from-Japanese-idis
either!!!

When compared to other models, such as
Panasonic, Okidata, Epson, and others,
I found the NX-1000 to stack up well
with the competition. It has the most
NLQ fonts (that are REALLY different),
the most overall features, and is less
expensive. The monochrome NX-1000 can
be had for about 70 or 80 dollars
less, but I find color more attractive
for the small difference in price.
Some printers like the Panasonic
1092i-II are about 50cps faster, but
the NX-1000 is fast enough for me and
does everything I want without hassle.
I can whole heartedly recommend the
NX-1000 over other printer in the $300
and under price range.
______________________________________
Information Watch
______________________________________
Captured from Atari8 on CompuServe

#: 209430 S7/HOT News/Rumors
   20-May-88  01:06:53
Sb: #209417-WHAT NEXT?
Fm: SYSOP*Don LeBow 76704,41
To: GIL KELEMEN 73217,2335

Gil...
 Atari Corp. is up against the numbers
 game ... if there isn't what THEY
 PERCIEVE as a market sufficient to
 pay back their R&D and marketing
 costs, they aren't gonna take the
 plunge. Note I said it's on their
 perception of what the market is.
 That may be a bit different than
 yours and mine! <grin>

 Nevertheless, I like the way you
 think! I've heard of Atari's used
 in the ways you mentioned .. you have
 this little 'box', available for low
 price, that can function as a 'dumb
 terminal', (or a smart terminal!) and
 the possibilities would seem to be
 endless, given the software. But
 like a good deal of the software
 being written for the 8-bits these
 days, it's probably gonna have to be
 user written. Or from small dedicated
 companies.

 Wonder if anybody has any Verified
 Sightings of 'Ataris at Work?' out
 there?

 >>don

#: 209456 S5/Application pgms
   20-May-88  10:57:51
Sb: NEWSROOM
Fm: RICHARD POPCHOCK 72247,2127
To: ALL

If you are considering buying Newsroom
from Springboard Publishing - -BE
CAREFUL-  If you have a 850 interface
it will not work. After much
aggravation, I called Springboard for
assistance.  They confirmed that their
software is not compatible with the
atari 850.  They have a 850 on order
but do not know when they will receive
it or when (if) the problem will be
solved. The only option they had to
offer me was to return the program
which I am doing today.  So, after
writing letters to Springboard,
waiting several months, I still have
nothing.  Thanks Springboard.  It is
surprising that you would ignore the
standard Atari interface when
developing your Software!

#: 209459 S7/HOT News/Rumors
   20-May-88  17:22:01
Sb: Atari Advertising
Fm: Chris Sorensen 73310,761
To: All

All:

The overwhelming wish of respondants
the first Question of the Week was for
Atari Corp. to advertise national,
especially in non-Atari magazines.

You will find that your wish has been
answered in the June 1988 issue of
Keyboard magazine, a national music
monthly.  Atari Corp. has placed a
two page ad in this issue explaining
the advantages of the ST and Mega
computers in the field of music, as
well as other features that these
systems offer.  This issue of Keyboard
should be available in music stores
and at book sellers within a week.

Anyone interested in learning more
about the Atari advantage in music
should write to:

Atari Corp.
Attn:  Music
1196 Borregas Ave
Sunnyvale, CA 94086
______________________________________
ZMAG Classified Ads
______________________________________
Classified advertising will be
accepted starting June 1988. The
following is the rate table for ZMag
issues only.

All advertising rates are subject to
change are in effect until Sept 1988.

All ads will be charged on a per-line
basis. Min ad is 3 lines. All ads
run for 4 weeks. 

Advertising set-up examples shown
below.

[Ex.1] Line Length

[.....................................][.....................................][.....................................]
[Ex.2] Flagged Ads

**************************************
* Info contained within box          *
*    Any information you prefer      *
*               Only standard ascii  *
*               text permitted       *
* and a max of 10 ten lines          *
*   *<--included in ad               *
**************************************

Cost:
=====
3 line ads not flagged run for 4 weeks
and cost $5.00 per issue x 4= $20.00

Flagged advertising:
--------------------
3 lines min, 10 lines max. $5.00 per
line. 2 week min.

Two week cost for a five line flagged
ad: 5 x $5.00 = $25.00 x 2 = $50.00

All ads must be pre-paid and received
atleast one week before publication.
For more information on Classified
advertising call via modem: (201) 968-
8148 300/1200 baud, 24 hours.

Special non-classified advertising
rates vary, call today for more
information.
______________________________________
Modifying 850 BBS EXPRESS!
______________________________________
Written By Hackers SYSOP

The Ol' Hackers BBS (516)-884-4140
1Meg MIO and 10Megs HD Online
24hrs a day 7 days a week.

The Ol' Hackers ATARI Users Group INC.

If you have an AVATEX 1200 or the
AVATEX 1200hc this modification may
help your log-ons.

I made these mods because I didn't
like the fact that the users had to
hit Control-M or S to log-on the 850
version of BBS EXPRESS, so I modified
a few bytes to allow the users to
log-on by just hitting the Return.

The mods are split-up into to Two
Parts, Part(A) is for the non-hc
version of the AVATEX, and Part(B)
is the mod changes for the AVATEX
1200hc.

The two area's which you are going to
change effect the baud step rates and
the defaults of the the EXPRESS BBS
program for your modem to pick the
phone by starting the baud rate at 300
baud.

When BBS EXPRESS 850 hangs up the
modem, it initializes the modem to
default configurations, and set the
port and modem back to 300 baud.

We are going to modify part of the
code in EXPRESS BBS. So don't use your
original disk, and get your favorite
disk sector scanner. I suggest that
you use DISKWIZ II, if you have it.

First format a disk in ATARI DOS 2.0
S/D and don't write any Dos files to
the disk. Now copy BBS.COM to your
formatted disk.

PART -A- AVATEX 1200 Non hc
---------------------------
Starting at sector 68;

with byte $38
$00 $0A $0C change this to
$0A $00 $0A. $00=300  Baud
0A=1200 Baud
0C=2400 Baud

Since you only have the AVATEX 1200
byte # $32 should be change to $0A
for 1200, now write sector 68 back to
the disk.

Starting at sector 271

With byte $39
Your changing the text, which tells
the printer log and the user at what
Baud rate he or she logged on with.
$33 $30 $30 $04 $31 $32 $30 $30
$04 $32 $34 $30 $30

$33 $30 $30=text 300
$31 $32 $30 $30=text 1200
$32 $34 $30 $30=text 2400

I made the following changes;
$33 $30 $30 to $48 $2F $53=H/S for
1200 Baud.
$31 $32 $30 $30 to $53 $6C $6F $77=
Slow for 300 users. (hint to get them
to change over to 1200.
$32 $34 $30 $30 to $20 $48 $2F $53=
Blank Space then H/S, 1200 again.

Now write that sector back to your
disk. Thats it for the non-hc AVATEX
1200.

PART -B-  AVATEX 1200 hc Mods

Use the changes above with the
following additional change.

Starting at sector # 274

At byte $58
$A0 $00 $8C $7B $30
Change the $00 at byte $59 to $01
$00=300 Baud
$01=1200 Baud
$02=2400 Baud

Now write this sector back to your
disk and BOOT up.

Things that will change with your
log-ons.

1) Non hc AVATEX, after the first line
   of garbage the 1200 user only hits
   the Return key once and bang the
   HIT RETURN prompt. No more hitting
   the Control-M or S keys or having
   the user log-on first in ASCII then
   changing over to ATASCII.

2) The AVATEX hc, will at the connect
   automatically prompt the 1200 users
   to HIT RETURN without any key
   strikes at all.

Note: I'm sure that the -hc- changes
will work with and modem that is a
Hayes compat or the the real Hayes
1200. Also PARTS -A and B- will work
with both versions of the AVATEX,
however the non hc version will show
the user the ATA command them prompt
them to HIT RETURN.

Special thanks to Keith Ledbetter for
writing the NEVER crashing BBS EXPRESS
and to Chris King for the Hard Drive
back-up program (HARDBACK). Both
authors are ORION Micro Systems. Get
your copies today.

ORION Micro Systems
2211 Planters Row Drive
Midlothian, Virginia 23113
______________________________________
AVATEX 1200 MODIFICATION
______________________________________
#1:

PURPOSE: Add Hi-speed carrier detect
         to become 100% Hayes
         compatible.

NOTICE:
    *********DISCLAIMER**********
    COLOR-NET TAKE NO-RESPONSIBILITY
    FOR ANY DAMAGE CAUSED BY THIS 
    MODIFICATION! IF DONE CORRECTLY
    THIS MOD WILL WORK!
    ******************************

PARTS NEEDED:
-------------
1- MC1488 chip   Radio Shack #276-2520
                 (rs-232 driver)

2 feet of 20 gauge hook-up wire

GETTING STARTED:
----------------
After opening up the modem...locate
ic# u30 (located by the rs-232
connector). Take the new IC and fold
up all pins EXCEPT--#1,7, and 14!!!
Now piggy-back the new ic on to ic
#u30. Using a light wattage soldering
gun, solder pins...#1, 7 and 14 of the
new IC to pins...#1, 7 and 14 of IC
#u30. Now take a light wattage
soldering gun, solder pins...#1, 7 and
14 of the new IC to pins...#1, 7 and
14 of IC #u30. Now take a wire from
pin#2 of the new ic to pin#12 of IC
#u23 (located just behind led's).

Now take a wire from pin#3 of the
new IC to pin#12 of the rs-232
connector. Now take your wire to pins#
4,5,9,10, and 12 and solder all these
pins together. (we're making a
heat-sink to keep the new chip from
over heating).

After you have soldered all these
pins together, solder a wire from
board ground (of the modem) to these
pins!

Thats it!!

To test what you have just completed..
take a piece of wire and ground the
cathode end (banded side) of the HS
led,if all was done corectly..the HS
led should light, and with a VOM
connected to pin #12 on the rs-232
connector, you should read about +8
volts or so.

If you're not sure how to do this...
you can mail me your modem along
with a money-order for $25.00 to:

             SYSOP (COLOR-NET)
             P.O. BOX 2192
             PETERSBURG, VA 23804

Be sure to send it by US-MAIL!!! UPS
will NOT deliver to a PO BOX!!!

We will make the mods, test it and
send it back.
______________________________________
ZMagazine   Issue #107   May 23, 1988
Copyright (c) 1988 APEInc.
American Publishing Enterprises, Inc.
______________________________________
