______________________________________
         SYNDICATE ZMAGAZINE

Publisher/Editor      Assistant Editor
   Ron Kovacs            Steve Godun
______________________________________
Issue #108                May 30, 1988
______________________________________
 American Publishing Enterprises, Inc 
         Post Office Box 74        
   Middlesex, New Jersey 08846-0074

   BBS: (201) 968-8148  300/1200

______________________________________
Contents
______________________________________
|*|Publishers Desk
|*|User Group ProFile
|*|A Tour Of Federated Dept Store
|*|Antic's Final Report From COMDEX
|*|Atari News and Feature Articles
|*|MAC Report
|*|New Publication
|_|___________________________________
Publishers Desk             Ron Kovacs
______________________________________

I hope your holiday weekend has been
relaxing. If you are in the northeast,
I am sure you are enjoying the great
weather! After 18 days of rain in May,
we need the break!

Our newest publication, Amiga Report
is close to release.  Please pass the
word to your Amiga friends!

Two BBS systems have been added to the
list this week:

Crooked Dragon Inn  312-690-2211
Hologram            201-727-1914

I am commenting in this weeks issue of
ST-Report about the commentary made
by Clayton Walnum in the latest ST-Log
magazine.  I wont repeat it all here,
but if your interested, check out the
latest issue (#37) of ST-Report.

In this issue is a list of all our
current publications. Some have yet to
see daylight, but are scheduled for
release very soon.

The Atari Source Business directory
is slotted for release in July. 
Details are included here.

On to summer!  Thanks for the great
support!
______________________________________
ZMag's User Group ProFile
______________________________________
P.A.C.E. in the Sunshine State
==============================

It's been a long day and you're ready
for a little relaxation. Your fingers
move deftly over the familiar power
switches of your computer equipment.
The drive whirs and the lights of your
modem jump to life. It's the
equivalent of -Miller time- to us
telecommunications afficionados, and
as the modem dials your favorite board
you can feel the day's tensions slip
away. If that board happens to be a
Z-Mag carrier, you're especially lucky
because not only do you get all the
benefits of your local BBS but you
also get the latest free Atari
information that's distributed on such
a large scale. I am, of course,
referring to the very news -paper-
you're reading right now.

By now, you might be wondering what
this introduction is leading up to.
Z-Mag is starting to do User Group
profiles and as one of the very few
all 8-bit groups in the nation, we get
to be one of the first clubs included
in this new section. -We- are the
Pinellas Atari Computer Enthusiasts of
Florida or P.A.C.E. for short. As
Editor of our newsletter, I get to do
the introductions. Two other members
of our group will tell you a little
about us. So without further ado,
here's Patricia Forcier, one of our
founding members, who will give you a
bit of our history and Dave Redfern
who will tell you about one of our
S.I.G.s.

In June of 1985, like most Atari
groups across the country, P.A.C.E.
began with a handful of Atarians (5 to
be exact) interested in sharing and
gaining knowledge of their favorite
past-time.

Getting the word out and organizing
the users took nearly five months and
three meeting location changes. While
the initial meetings weren't very
structured, it was clear there was a
definate need and plenty of local
Atarians to make P.A.C.E. a viable
group. Unfortunately, the early days
encountered some negative aspects with
rapid officer turnover and 16-bit vs.
8-bit incompatability. Eventhough the
STs split off to form their own group,
our club continued to grow despite the
lack of Atari Corporation and local
retailer support at that time. People
enjoying the friendships and hands-on
experience that belonging to a group
like P.A.C.E. can provide kept our
membership increasing. We have never
charged an admission for our monthly
meetings or raised our initial $10.00
family membership fee. We also have an
extensive Public Domain library that
is kept in immaculate order by our
Librarian, Joan Raia. These incentives
have contributed to keep and gain
members for the past three years,
taking us from the original five
Atarians to a yearly average of
seventy-five.

Since Thomas Davis took on the
responsibilities of Newsletter Editor
over two years ago, newsletters have
gone from one page publications to a
full scale, graphic PACESETTER (as
it's titled) with specialized
articles, interviews and product
reviews. He initiated our trade
program and we now send and receive
newsletters with many clubs around the
U.S.

While I've been with P.A.C.E. since
its inception, I still see us as a
unique club. Yes, we have all the
common features of any computer group
but we are also known for our social
blow-outs, such as our infamous 
picnics. Whether braving the chill of
winter or the sweltering heat of a
Florida summer, PACERS will set aside
their Ataris for a day of fun. That's
one of the reasons they keep getting
my ten bucks.

           Pat Forcier



The Tech Heads. Not an especially
glamorous name. It doesn't exactly
inspire confidence, but that's what
they call us. As a matter of fact,
that's what WE call us. I don't
remember whose bright idea tagged us
with it, it was probably Thomas.
Barring all that, the Tech Heads are
an offshoot or SIG of P.A.C.E. It was
suggested that there were members of
PACE that would be interested in
learning more about the insides of
their Ataris. We decided to form a SIG
and promptly set up our first meeting.
If nothing else, we call meetings at
the drop of a hat and people show up.
That alone says a lot for our members.

Trying not to leave anyone behind or
feeling left out, we decided on an
informal meeting where anyone could
bring up a problem, show their own
modifications, or just listen and
learn; but we try to stress
involvement. We felt a 'hands on' type
of atmosphere would be most desirable
and at our next meeting we'll be
building a simple voice digitizer to
teach soldering, component
identification, and most of all, to
get our members involved with an
interesting project. Also on the
future agenda is a demonstration of
the VOM (Volt-Ohm-Milliampmeter) and
how to use it. The most important
thing is keeping our members
interested in what we are doing.

There are no delusions of grandeur in
this group. Sometimes it's real hard
to tell who's running the meeting.
It's usually the guy (or girl) who's
doing the most talking at the time.
That's right, this is not an all male
group. Our Pacettes (Tech Headettes??)
are interested in the hardware aspects
of computing also.

All in all, the Tech Heads have had 5
meetings so far and I believe we are
headed in the right direction. A
desire to learn a little and have a
good time are our only requirements
and as I've said, our turnouts so far
have been excellent. Now if we can
just get someone to suggest a more
glamorous name for us. I mean, it's
bad enough being a TECH HEAD, but
when the -HEAD TECHNOPOD'S- name is
BOZO, I mean really!!

                  Dave Redfern

There's P.A.C.E. in a nutshell. Adding
my two cents worth, I must say that
while I also own an ST and belong to
that group, too; I enjoy our club
immeasurably more. I don't mean to
start any new wars here but 8-bitters
seem to know how to have more fun and
take themselves less seriously, at
least in our neck of the woods.

If ya'll (a little -southern- thrown
in for good measure) want more
information on our club or wish to
start an information exchange, please
write to me at 332 Hamilton Drive,
Safety Harbor FL, 34695-9998 or call
my BBS, The Harbor Lights, at
813-726-3449.

        Thomas P. Davis
______________________________________
A Tour of Federated           Jack Lee
______________________________________

One of the big news of interest in the
Atari world was when Atari Corporation
bought the Federated Group, a chain of
stores that specializes in home
electronics.  Currently, Federated has
65, give or take a few, stores in
California, Arizona, Texas, and
Kansas.

Like most Atarians, I thought, -Oh,
good!!  This will really give Atari
the opportunity to sell their
computers in an excellent way.-

One day, I decided to check out a
Federated store to see what they had.
Lucky for me, I was in California at
the time, attending school, and there
just happened to be one near from
where I was residing.

My eager anticipation to see the store
sort of dwindled as soon as I saw the
building.  It looked dead.  The large
windows were all tinted, so you could
see what the heck was inside unless
you were right in front of it.  The
building was all white.  And it
weren't for the Federated sign next to
the parking entrance, one might think
the place was one of those old
business buildings and the people
moved out.

Anyway, I went in.  It looked nice,
but I wonder what they did with all
the space.  It wasn't exactly empty,
just too many large gaps between the
electronics on display.  There all
sorts of stereos, TV's, radios, etc. 
I checked the prices to see how
competitive Federated was going to be.

I went up to a display case, where it
had portable CD players and Walkmans.
The prices were a little outrageous.
No wait, it was really outrageous.  A
Sony CD Discman was selling for $399!
Granted, there are a lot of different
types of models, but I know what they
are.  That same Discman I saw can be
found for a lot less in catalog
showrooms, like $229.  Hmmmm.  Then I
saw a Sony Walkman selling for $179.
It was a small unit, which offered
stereo cassette player, FM/AM stereo,
auto-reverse, Dolby B, metal tape
capability.  It also came with a
nickel cadium rechargeable battery
with recharger (it runs on one AA
battery).  It was selling for $189.
$189?!?!!  I have the same exact
model, which I got on sale for $120.
I decided to heck with this and came
for what I really wanted to see.

I walked over to the computer section.
There were two 520 ST's on display, as
well as a 1040ST.  The latter had MIDI
software in it, but there was nothing
connected!  There were also a 2600,
130XE, and XE Game System displayed,
and even the new XF551 drive and
SX-212 modem.  There were a whole
bunch of neatly stacked boxes of all
the 8-bit hardware.  But once again,
some of the prices were off.  They
were selling leftover 800XL's, still
in their boxes, for $149.  Huh?  The
XE Game System was selling for the
same price, and yet you would get a
lot more for the money.  The 130XE was
selling for $179, and I got mine for
$99 (through a special sale from a
mail order company).  The other Atari
game machines (2600, 7800) were
selling about $10 more than let's say,
at Toys R' Us.  Ummm, what's going on?
The XF-551 was selling for a whopping
$229, and well, I didn't bother to see
the price of the SX-212.

Something was wrong, though, because
apparently I was invisible to the
store employees.  No one came up to me
and asked if I needed assistance.  In
fact, the store was practically empty
with customers.  I was there for at
least a half hour, wandering around
looking at this and that, but to no
avail.  It didn't really matter, I was
only there to browse, not buy!

The software section had, shall we
say, -fair- prices, and a -big-
selection.  Well, the Atari 8-bit
software was mostly oldies for Atari,
Inc.  Things like Pac-Man, Space
Invaders, Pilot, etc.  A tiny
selection of new software was hidden
in the mass.  The ST software
selection had a wider selection, so
that was no problem.

Having decided I had enough and
because I had to study for my next
mid-term, I started to walk out.  But
as I was leaving, something caught my
eye.  It was another computer that I
overlooked before.  I looked at it
warily, and couldn't believe my eyes. 
I came up closer to make sure I wasn't
hallucinating.  I rubbed my eyes to
make sure dust wasn't obstructing my
vision.  I looked and double looked to
see my fear come true.  Right in front
of me was an Amiga 500 computer!!!! An
Atari owned store selling the
competition's computer???
Aaarrrggghhh!!!

And as the title character in the
arcade game, Paperboy would say, -Oh,
man- that's BOGUS!!!-.
______________________________________
Antic Final Comdex Report
______________________________________
ANTIC PUBLISHING INC., COPYRIGHT 1988
REPRINTED BY PERMISSION.

ATARI SEES ITS UNIT NEAR BREAKEVEN

According to Reuters, though losses
from Federated Group continue to hurt
earnings, Atari said it expects
Federated to just about break even in
the second and third quarters and a
modest profit in the fourth quarter. 
Atari also said it is reducing costs
and improving product mix, margins and
sales.

Without Federated, Atari said it would
have earned $15.3 million, or 26 cents
per share, on sales of $97.7 million
in 1988.  Atari's net income was $5.67
million, or 10 cents per share, on net
sales of $169.23 million for the first
quarter, down from $15.26 million, or
26 cents, on sales of $65.13 million a
year earlier.  Last year's results
included a gain of $5.89 million.

Additionally, the company said the
Atari computer and video game segment
generated -significant- increases in
sales volume.  The continuing shortage
of Dynamic Random Access Memory,
however, has had a negative impact on
sales, but Atari expects the DRAM
shortage and related high cost will
begin to ease later this year.

REPORT FROM ATLANTA, PART IV

Closing day of Spring 1988 Comdex
   by Andrew Reese START Editor

(Atlanta, Georgia, May 13, 1988) The
numbers held up well as the Spring,
1988 version of Comdex came to a
close. Floor traffic stayed high and
the Atlanta airport resembled
Manhattan at rush hour.  There was
general agreement that the hottest
item shown at Comdex was a new Dell
PS/2 clone and the hottest giveaway
was a yellow nylon bag with a logo of
-WingZ,- a new Mac II integrated
spreadsheet package.  The WingZ
pavilion with their flashy Leonard
Nimoy-narrated laser, sound and light
show was just across the way from the
Atari booth and the lines stayed long
for the entire show.

MIDI software publishers were well
represented in the Atari booth itself
with Hybrid Arts, Dr. T, Passport,
Sonus and Midisoft all showing their
wares.  Announced today by Frank
Foster of Hybrid Arts is their new
ADAP II.  To be shown in June at the
Consumer Electronics Show (CES), ADAP
II, which stands for Analog-to-Digital
Audio Processor, is the first Random
Access Editing System for Digital
Audio Tapes (DAT).  It will be
available this summer and carries a
$3,000 price tag for the hardware and
software package.  It requires a
minimum of 1 meg of RAM in an ST (or a
Mega, of course) and a Hard Drive. The
hardware consists of the sampler and a
coprocessor box.  Just like the
present ADAP, it allows 80 seconds of
stereo to be stored in a digital form
on a 20 Meg hard drive.  A truly
professional package and the first
allowing DAT editing...and only on the
ST!

A.L. Hospers Jr. of Dr. T's was
demonstrating their Multi-Program
Environment (MPE) system for MIDI.
It's a shell for Dr. T's line of MIDI
software, but it's more than just a
shell, because it allows for
interactive data sharing among the
programs.  Version 1.6 of the Keyboard
Controlled Sequencer (KCS) is shipping
now at $249 with MPE and new edit
features.  You can play around with
55,000 notes in a one meg ST and still
have a sequencer, MPE and three patch
editors in RAM at the same time, but
if you want to add in Dr. T's
impressive scoring software, better
have more than 2 megs of RAM.  All in
all, a very powerful and impressive
package.

Passport's Master Tracks Pro Version
2.1 was unveiled at Comdex. With
enhancements over their already
powerful Version 2.0, Passport remains
in the hunt for ST MIDI leadership.
Master Tracks uses a unique interface
for editing and allows the musician to
lay down up to 64 tracks. Watch for
new developments from Passport in the
very near future.

Superscore, the 32-track sequencer and
scoring program from Sonus, made its
first Comdex appearance.  This is a
powerful program designed to let the
musician polish his/her work and then
print out a finished score on an
Epson-compatible printer.  It's priced
at $249 and shipping now.

Midisoft Corp.  showed their Advanced
Edition of Midisoft Studio, due for
June release.  Midisoft has added new
event editing features, programmable
tempo changes and support for the
emerging standard MIDI file format,
while still retaining the clarity for
which the Standard Edition has become
known.  Only $149.

An editorial aside here: your editor
doesn't come from a MIDI background. 
In fact, many who know me would say
that I don't even come from a musical
background.  But be that as it may,
seeing these five fine packages side-
by-side impressed me with three
things.  First, they each use a
distinctive approach to the tasks, so
that whichever interface you prefer
and whatever your needs, one of these
packages will fill the bill. Second, I
was impressed by the level of activity
in this segment of the ST market;  the
ST has forged into the overall lead in
the MIDI industry in no small measure
due to the efforts of these and other
inventive ST publishers.  Finally, I
was struck by the incredible power
these packages give the musician or
even non-musician.  I think that even
I could knock out something listenable
with one of these -- and that's no
small accomplishment.  Cheers for
these guys who have made a name for
the ST.

There were a number of new printers at
the show.  The trend continues to be
more power for less money as proces
for 24-pin printers drop below the
$500 level.  But the most spectacular
printer at the show had to be the new
Tektronix 4693D, a full-color wax
printer that produced thick, but
gorgeous pictures.  Unfortunately, the
price was $8,495...and Tektronix has
produced drivers only for the IBM, Mac
and Amiga so far.  I'm sure that an ST
driver could be produced without too
much trouble, if the ST market would
support it. We'll just have to see
what happens as Atari increases its
push into the business markets.

Well, that's about it from Atlanta. 
There were more booths and more
products than one person could
possibly see in four days, so I'm sure
that I missed a few.  But my feet will
vouch for what I hope was a valiant
effort!  It was a success as far as
lining up some good writers for the
pages of START and Antic, however.
Watch for the likes of George Miller
(formerly of the now defunct Compute's
ST magazine), Denis Labreque (one of
Passport's musical geniuses) and
Kenneth George (wizard of the ST
Accelerator) to grace our pages in the
months to come.  And oh, did we find
some great topics to cover! Like...
well, we better just keep things under
wraps for now.
______________________________________
Atari News Update/Features Page
______________________________________
Compiled by Steve Godun

Several Atari User Groups have been
making significant contributions to
charity, making donations of hardware,
software, training, support, and cash
funds. Two of these user groups, the
Chicago Land Atari Users Group (CLAUG)
and the San Leandro Computer Club
(SLCC), in northern California, have
contributed significantly to local
Children's Hospitals and other
charitable organizations.

This year CLAUG has raised $2,000
which will be presented to Children's
Memorial Hospital in Chicago during
the Children's Miracle Network
telethon, a nationally broadcast event
June 4-5. -All funds raised through
the telethon go to patient care
services,- said a hospital
spokesperson. -We've established this
endowment because Children's Memorial
Hospital has an open-door policy -- we
provide for all children who need
care, and we want to continue that.-

Marty Conroy, CLAUG special events
coordinator, said the group has been
working with Children's Memorial
Hospital for several yaers. CLAUG
raised the money with a series of two
auctions, selling a variety of
computer hardware and software. These
items included the group's outdated
software library, products donated by
local dealers, and several game
systems donated by Atari Corporation
itself.

The group has been commended by Antic
Magazine as one of Atari's best user
groups. It boasts of over 300 members,
with regular attendance at a meeting
of 60 to 100 people.

Atari donated equipment to a number of
Children's Hospitals several years
ago. It was then that user groups
across the country were first asked to
get involved in training and support
of the hospital's collection of 8-bit
computers. Located in the Child Life
section of the Hospital which
coordinates recreational activities,
the hospital's 65XE and 1050 disk
drive, printer and monitor, are part
of a mobile unit, able to travel to
different parts of the hospital.
-Atari was kind enough to donate the
equipment,- said Tina Alcaraz of
Children's Memorial Hospital's Child
Life unit, -but we need software. We
do have video games, but we'd like to
see the children get involved in word
processing, databases, and educational
programs.- The Teacher's Classroom and
Child Psychiatry units of the hospital
also have Atari computers.

The SLCC has been working with Oakland
Children's Hospital for about three
years. Said Bob Barton, president,
-We've done a lot for our community,
and we'll continue to do so.-

The Hospital currently owns a 130XE
computer and a small collection of
software, primarily games. User group
volunteers have provided a cart for
the system, so the computer/monitor
system can be easily transported to
bedsides as well as locked when not in
use. Said Barton, -We needed a mobile
unit so we could reach the children
who can't get out of bed.- The machine
is used by many of the youngsters at
Children's Hospital, some of them too
ill to leave their rooms. -The
computer is an additional outlet for
them (the kids) to latch on to, so
they learn something,- said Barton.
-They use it a lot...more now that we
put together the roll-around stand.-

The SLCC has also been working with
the Home for Battered Boys in San
Francisco. -We've done charitable
drives for toys, clothing, and food
through community churches as well,-
said Barton. The user group channels
many of their community projects
through a local church chosen at
random.

SLCC has over 400 members, with
approximately 100 people participating
on a regular basis. Members come from
all over the eastern portion of the
San Francisco Bay Area.
         ---==========---

Atari's 1987 Annual Report was mailed
to stockholders earlier this month,
just weeks after the company appeared
on the Fortune 500 list for the first
time. Net sales for the corporation,
including the Federated Group chain of
consumer electronics stores acquired
late last year, net sales were $493
million, an increase of 91%.  This
placed Atari as #484 among US
corporations in total sales, according
to Fortune magazine.

Without the inclusion of Federated's
figures, Atari's net sales were a
record $363.8 million, an icrease of
42%. Operating income was $72 million,
in increase of 49%, and income before
extraordinary item was $46.6 million.
Earnings (before extraordinary item)
were $0.80 per share, compared to
$0.53 in 1986, an increase of 51%.

In the Fortune survey, Atari ranked
#264 in net profits, #400 in total
assets, #414 in stockholder's equity,
#337 in market value, #42 in profit as
a percentage of sales, #61 in profit
as a percentage of assets, #19 in
profit as a percentage of
stockholder's equity, and #53 in total
return to investors.

The annual report focused on the
growth of Atari's markets overseas.
Atari opened new subsidiaries in
Sweden, Spain, Australia, and Mexico.
There has been a dramatic increase in
European sales of the Atari 520ST and
1040ST computers. Demand in 1987 rose
so sharply that the US marketing
assault has been postponed as Atari
strives to increase production
capacities. The situation is expected
to improve this year.

Atari shipped a number of new products
in the last year, including the new
Mega line of computers and the SLM804
laser printer. Video games were in
high demand, and sales of the new XE
Game System did well, as well as a
number of new software titles.

According to the Annual Report, Atari
is planning on expanding the ST
computer line further by introducing a
32-bit system driven by a 68030
Motorola microprocessor. This powerful
workstation would feature on-chip
memory management and cache providing
extremely fast internal RAM
operations. With an industry-standard
Unix operating system, the machine
would be fully supported by existing
software for office automation,
engineering, and database management.
The 68030 system is targeted for
shipping in the fourth quarter of
1988.

Atari also anticipates releasing the
long-awaited CD-ROM later this year.
The unit will offer both audio and
read-only data for users requiring
large amounts of data. Each condensed
disk can hold up to 540 megabytes of
information!

Also, Atari is still looking to
acquire, or form a strategic alliance
with, a semiconductor manufacturing
plant. In part, this would solve the
crucial DRAM (Dynamic Random Access
Memory) ship shortage currently
gripping the company and the industry.
______________________________________
MAC Report
______________________________________
  W I N D Y   C I T Y   O P E N S
 9 6 0 0  B A U D  M A C  B O A R D

Desktoppers II opened its doors for
the first time on Saturday, 21 May 88.
Desktoppers II is strictly a
MacInotosh board operating on a an IBM
AT.

This is the second board operating in
Chicago by Randy Bennett and Chuck
Maddox.  It is a FREE/Shareware board
with 80+ megs of disk space.  There
are currently over 1360 files up and
available for downloading. Desktoppers
II uses a US Robotics 9600 baud modem
and accepts calls at 300/1200/2400/
9600 baud, 24-hours per day. Our modem
has the new ER level 5. Makes
downloading/uploading twice as fast.

Our other board Desktoppers I operates
as multiple lines and is a
subscription board.  It offers
multiple lines, online conferencing
and 160 megs of disk space. Full echo
mail is also avilable on Desktoppers
I.

Our numbers are as follows:

Desktoppers I  -
312-356-3776 / 312-356-6420
(This line for registered users)

Desktoppers BBS' is the home of
MacDigest and Chuck Maddox's National
MAC BBS list.

Desktoppers II -  312-356-5241 
          ---=======---

Like most MUG editors your blood
pressure probably goes up around
deadline time every month.  Trying to
find consistently good material to
publish is a real pain! I know how you
feel!

We have created the MUG NEWS SERVICE
to help make your job easier.  MNS is
a clearinghouse for articles, reviews,
clipart, and information about the Mac
community that will come to you every
month on a disk - FREE!  This service
will be provided to you free by
software and hardware companies that
will pay for the duplication of the
disk and service.

There is a catch!  To acknowledge
their support, you can do one of three
things:  drop a small (supplied)
quarter-page ad in that issue of your
newsletter, or promise to include the
disk in your pubic domain library, or
mention that some of the info in that
month's newsletter was supplied by the
company.  Pretty easy & painless,
right!

As a bonus, if we use any material
from your newsletter, we will pay you
or the author a small honorarium.  We
are looking for new articles or
reprints covering all that is
Macintosh from Novice to Power User. 
Clip-Art, tutorials, and even contests
will be included on the disk.  If you
would like your material to become
part of the clearinghouse, please put
us on your mailing list.  If we decide
to use any of your material we would
call you for an electronic version. 
You retain copyright on your material
and a statement, -Reprinted from
........- is tagged with the article.

Again, we emphasize that this service
is free to you.  As an editor for the
last four years, I have had it up to
my ears trying to find things to
publish in my club's newsletter.  This
News Service is an attempt to make my
job as editor of the MECCA JOURNAL
painless and I hope you find this
service beneficial to you and your
members.

In a nutshell - every month you will
receive a free disk full of articles,
clip-art, and information on the
Macintosh that you can use in your
newsletter and/or MUG membership.  All
you have to do is agree to either use
a supplied small ad by the company, or
put the disk in your PD library, or
mention the company in your
newsletter.  And, if we use any of
your newsletter material (provided you
put us on your mailing list), we will
pay you or the author a small
honorarium.

If you are willing to receive this
service, please fill out the enclosed
agreement form and mail (Email or
snail) it to me.

Thanks.

Don Rittner, UG0194

MUG NEWS SERVICE (MNS)

Yes, I want to receive your free disk
every month.  I agree to the following
(check all that applies):

____ I will include the supplied ad in
     the issue that contains reprinted
     material, and/or;

____ I will place the disk in our
     Public Domain library for all our
     members, and/or;

____I will mention that the company
    helped supply the reprinted
    information somewhere in the
    newsletter.

___Also, MUG NEWS SERVICE has my
   permission to reprint material from
   our newsletter to become part of
   the clearinghouse.  I understand
   that any of our material used will
   receive a small honorarium.

Editor  __________________________

MUG_______________________________

MUG Newsletter________________________

Address_______________________________

City, State, & Zip____________________

Phone (day & night) __________________
                    __________________

We have __________members.

   Date_________________

PLEASE RESPOND BY JUNE 15, 1988.
______________________________________
APEInc Publications
______________________________________
   Atari 8 Bit News and Reviews
           [ZMagazine]

   Atari ST, Mega News and Reviews
           [ST-Report]

   Amiga News and Reviews
           [Amiga Report]

   Magic-Sac/Macintosh News/Reviews
           [MAC Report]

   IBM PC/PC-Ditto News and Reviews
           [PC Report]

   The Atari Source
______________________________________
New Publication
______________________________________

We have scheduled July 1988 as the
first month for release of the first
Atari oriented Buisness Directory.

We feel this is an excellant way to
inform the modem population what you
have to say about your products,
publications, new software, etc....

We will update this publication on a
monthly basis and all advertising will
be arranged for three month runs.

If you are interested in rates and
more information, Please write to:
APEInc, PO Box 74, Middlesex, NJ 08846
or call (201) 968-2024 between the
hours of 10am and 9pm.
______________________________________
ZMagazine   Issue #108   May 30, 1988
(c)1988 APEInc.   ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
______________________________________
