
*************************************************************************
                  S Y N D I C A T E    Z M A G A Z I N E 
*************************************************************************
 Conveyance VIA PayBax BBS, Wilmington, DE. 302-731-5558 All Bauds
*************************************************************************

                       SYNDICATE PUBLISHING COMPANY
                            POST OFFICE BOX 74
                       MIDDLESEX, NEW JERSEY 08846

                                ISSUE #135
                            DECEMBER 11, 1988

                              1988 IN REVIEW


Editors Desk
by Ron Kovacs

Here we go into the holiday season and the close of 1988.  Within this and 
the next few issues, we will review 1988 by reprinting the news we 
covered.  I am sure you will find many of the articles interesting because 
they put Atari on the record with proposed releases.

I have tried to keep the information flowing by date. January thru to and 
including December 1988.  This issue will cover January thru the 1988 
Spring Comdex show in May.

I would also like to thank the following for their assistance during this 
past year.

        Ralph Mariano          John Nagy          Carlos Hernandez
        Eric Plent             Glenda Stocks      Jerry Horanoff
        Larry Mihalik          Stan Lowell        John Gagne
        Bruce Hansford         Ron Luks           Dave Groves
        Darlah Hudson Pine     Marty Albert       Ken Kirchner
        Steve Godun            Mike Brown         Dave Brehm
        Rich Decowski          William Whitton    Patty Oprian

and the others I may have forgotten.

**********************************
*ATARI WINS SHOOTOUT VS. NINTENDO*
**********************************
A U.S. District Court Judge denied the request of Nintendo of America to
halt Atari Corp.'s television commercials that said that more games could
be played on the Atari XE Game System than on the Nintendo, according to
Reuters.

Nintendo had contended that the ads were false and misleading, but Atari
was -confident of the outcome,- according to Michael Katz, Atari's
president of entertainment electronics.  -The commercial was hard-hitting
but truthful, and we proved it,- he said.

The XE Game System runs all cartridge-based Atari games, and a disk drive
can be added to run all disk-based Atari games.

************************************
*ATARI PRODUCT NEWS UPDATE: 1/27/88*
*(C) 1988 by Atari Corp. May be    *
*reprinted only with this notice.  *
************************************
In mid-January, the first shipments of Microsoft Write arrived at Atari's
warehouse and were shipped to Atari dealers.

This advanced word processor, with a list price of $129.95, is a direct
port of Microsoft Word 1.05 from the Macintosh. It features true
footnoting, a sophisticated variety of page setup features, and the
cleanest mouse interface of any ST word processor.

Microsoft Write fully supports GDOS. Included with the program is GDOS
version 1.8, along with a variety of proportional fonts.  The fonts are
supported on the screen for a WYSIWYG performance.

In addition to GDOS output, Microsoft Write supports a wide variety of
common printers in their own text fonts.  Printer drivers can be edited
by the user to support virtually any printer on the market.

Microsoft Write includes extras such as Mail Merge, Glossary, Undo,
Clipboard, Ruler, and page format changes throughout the document.

ATARI LASER PRINTER

The Atari SLM804 Laser Printer arrived to authorized dealers beginning
before the new year.  This 8-page-per-minute system uses the TEC engine,
a write-white device which provides the sharpest possible blacks.  Dot
density is 300 dots per inch.

The SLM804 connects directly to any ST or Mega computer via the DMA port.
Included is the SLMC804, which allows additional DMA devices (such as
hard disk drives) to be plugged into the DMA while the laser is attached.

The Atari Laser Printer's unique design has the ST or Mega driving the
engine directly, without mandating costly and slow electronics within the
laser.  Even with only 512K of system RAM, an ST can drive the engine in
Diablo emulation mode and for screen dumps.  The Diablo emulator supports
up to 8 type styles using GDOS fonts (GDOS itself is not required).

Also included with the printer are 2 disks of GDOS fonts. These laser
fonts correspont to the screen fonts provided with Microsoft Write.
Various point sizes are supported, from 6 point up to 48 point.

Existing software that takes advantage of GDOS includes MS Write and Easy
Draw.  Using Easy Draw, outputs make full use of the 300 dpi resolution
of the printer for fine lines at any angle, smooth fonts, and bit images
from scanners.  Easy Draw with Supercharger can output full pages of
text and graphics in well under a minute -- recent tests averaged 20-30
seconds per page. Multiple copies of a page take less time than the
original page.

The Atari Laser Printer has a list price of $1999. Replacement toner
cartridges sell for $59.95, and replacement drums list for $199.95. By
separating toner from drum, replacement costs and price per page come in
lower than other laser printing systems.

******************************
*TEXT OF CONFERENCE ON DELPHI*
*REGARDING ANALOG BUYOUT     *
******************************
Re-editted for ZMagazine by Ron Kovacs

JANUARY 17, 1988

Andy> I'd, first, like to welcome all of you attending this conference.
My name is Andy Eddy and I'll be moderating the CO.

Lee> First, ANALOG has signed contracts with a publishing company in LA.
That company is LFP, Inc....Larry Flynt Publishing.  We expect to have
the next issues of both mags out in 3 weeks. Let me give a few words
about the changes...First...Larry Flynt has little to do with daily
operations of the company...as a whole.  He will have nothing to do with
the editorial contents of either magazine.  Changes you will see include
new (glossy) paper, a heavier stock inside as well as a heavier cover.
More color pages thoughout, INCREASED distibution, Much improved service,
and a steady frequency.  What you won't see is ads for Hustler and the
like.

LFP, Inc. also publishes a Mens fashion mag, a running mag, a new
automobile mag, a motorcycle pub and a Heavy Metal mag.  With many more
non-pornography titles on the way.

Andy> Thanks, Lee.  So the fears..that this will be anything like.
Hustler will not materialize.  This will remain the same Analog as before
but with some changes in the -production- end..not the editorial.

Lee> OK.  There WILL be changes..Because I won't have to deal with such
things (as much, anyway) as distribution...subscription problems, and
production, I can spend more time on editorial...that goes for Clayton
as well.

Andy> So you don't see anything but beneficial changes for the mags?

Lee> Actually, let me say this...the only way someone will know we are
owned by another company is a small blurb on the staff page.  As far as
changes go, I expect an even more steady stream of quality editorial
since it will be the main direction of our time working on the mags.

Maurice M.> Okay.  I want to get this subject out of the way now
especially in light of recent messages in the forum. Certain people have
hinted that there will be changes in the magazine because of whom the
ownership is. The point, I think has been refuted. However, DF Scott has
in recent messages hinted that several of us writers were in a -dillema-
over the ownership change and might no longer write for ANALOG.  I would
like to put to rest any fears readers might have about mass-defection of
writers by asking you, Lee, if you are aware of any other regulars
-leaving- because of this ownership change.

Lee> No, not at this time.  Let me respond to your comments. While I
don't whole heartedly agree with Larry Flynts views.  I am looking at
what that company can do for our magazines. They don't know ANYTHING
about what we publish, they (LFP, Inc) are leaving us alone in what we
do. To them profit is what they want, editorial content is 100% up to
what we do. They'll make the magazine look better, distribute it better,
and put out a quality looking product, it's still up to me, Clayton,
Maurice, Charles Johnson, Andy Eddy, MAtRat and the rest to put out a
good magazine in product. To answer Maurice's question, other than Scott,
no one has more than batted an eyelash over the buyout in terms of who it
is.  After the intial shock wheres off on the buyer's name, they settled
in and want to get back to work.

Maurice M.> Good to hear.  I simply wanted to address the subject because
I wanted people to be aware that Scott didn't speak for all of us.  I'll
step down now.

Lee> Last Monday is when Michael Des Chenes and I signed. We are waiting
to get them back from LA now then it will be official.

Clay> Anyone who is interested in the terms of publication and how to
submit articles may send me a self-addressed, stamped envelope and I'll
see that you get our writer's guidelines.

You can send requests to the PO Box 23 address in the magazines for now.

Andy> Also with Analog's liberal policy of letting programs go onto BBS's
after 1 month from issue date (that is right?), everyone gets to see the
stuff they publish.

Clay> Yes, Andy.

Mike Brown> Will we be able to get back issues of both magazines and
disks as in the past?  Or will these -Classic- issues become collectors
items?

Lee> Yes!  LFP, Inc is purchasing our entire supply of back issues.
Including disks, 8-bit Extra's and so on. We expect to offer disks at a
lower price and the availability should be MUCH better.

JIMGAR> Thanks. My burning question is WHY???? Wasn't Analog a profitable
venture?

Lee> WHY is a complex answer.  First - WHY NOT? ANALOG was myself and a
partner, Michael Des Chenes.  As you may have noticed, Michael never
spent much time on Delphi and while I have gone to over 100 Atari shows
and ComDex's, etc., he has not.  Michael has been bored doing the same
thing for 7 years and wants to try something new. In addition, I couldn't
see the company growing much further the way things have been, so this
gives us a chance to expand greatly....plus I'll be working on new
publications, both computer and non-computer related in the next few
years.

Also, LFP, Inc. offered us a very good deal...and who really knows how
long Atari will keep going.  This way I can expand on my interests and do
other things along with the Atari field -- after all, I have been doing
the magazine for 7 years.  A long time!

JIMGAR> In other words, the whole thing got out of hand?

Clay> A company can only grow within the facilities it has at hand.

Lee> Right...We needed to expand, and as do airlines, insurance companies
and so on.  We were bought out to expand our capabilities.

WHITEWIZARD> you said that the analog depends on the 8-bit...Does this
mean that you might stop publishing in the future if the 8-bit fails
(ANALOG, not ST-Log)?

Lee> ANALOG depends on the 8-bit market ...Lets say that advertising
right now isn't overwhelming and ANALOG would most likly take a new
heading (orientation) in the event 8-bits REALLY dwindle.  I could see a
change happening probably this year some time...

WHITEWIZARD> Would you combine ANALOG and ST-Log agian?

Lee> Again, it is mostly up to the ANALOG staff, not LFP, Inc. Yes, I
could see us doing one mag--but here is the problem.  The ANALOG name is
the best known, if we put in ST-Log then the mag becomes a general Atari
mag again.  If we kill ANALOG and continue ST-Log...well ANALOG has the
more known name and that would be a mistake.  Chances are ST-Log might
have some 8-bit coverage...but that is all up in the air right now. When
we are in place after a couple months we'll look at the whole picture.

MADMODIFIER> With many software publishers spreading out to the Amiga..... Is there any chance that
Analog might do the same?

Lee> I have plans to do another computer oriented mag but can't say much
(exactlly nothing) about it.

MADMODIFIER> You mean we might see AMIGA LOG <grin>?

Lee> No Comment.

But I hope to have a new project out in late Spring.

Mike Brown> I would like to suggest that you run some type of a readership
poll in your first new issue to determine what your readership looks like
now.

Lee> Huh...in what way?  Between ST and 8-bit?

Mike Brown> Well I imagine that the complexion of the readership has
changed somewhat. It might be worthwhile from a marketing standpoint.

Lee> You mean between 8-bit and ST??? Sophistication?

Mike Brown> Well that and just what people are interested in reading
about.  What their needs are -today-.

Lee> We have the -bingo- cards in the mag every month and poll those to
see what people are using...however we have talked about doing another
mail-in campaign...a more in-depth look.  Remember that Delphi users are
more into their machines than many other average users.

Mike Brown> Maybe, but I guess my point was that at least in the 3 user
groups I belong to things are in a state of -change-.

STeve M.> What direction will ST Log be taking in terms of content?
General readership, programming, or what?

Clay> I can't see much that will change in ST-Log.  Is there something
you WANT to see changed?

STeve M.> No, just was hoping there were not going to be any drastic
changes now.  Thanks.

Lee> I feel we have a good balance of information, sophistication and
programs.  I think Clayton, myself and our new west coast person will
have more time to look at each issue well in advance and look at it's
contents to see what blend of information it has...thus boosting the
magazines quality...(not that it needs boosting <grin>) in addition,
hopefully we'll add more pages too.

Clay> The combination we've had in the past has worked out well, I think.
I don't see any reason to change it.  (More pages would be nice.)

Lee> No, I certainly haven't seen any complaints about the balance of
material.  Keep in mind that I'm moving from New England (fresh air, no
traffic, nice scenary) to LA (smog, Lots of Traffic and more smog) for
the CAUSE.  In other words...If I didn't see a tremendous potential in
this I would do it!

*****************************
*GOOD NEWS FOR ATARI OWNERS!*
*****************************
ICD, Inc. and OSS, Inc. (Optimized Systems Software) have just signed an
agreement which will -add new life to all Atari computers-. Under this
agreement, ICD will add the manufacture, marketing, and support of all
current OSS software titles for Atari computers to ICD's already powerful
Atari product line.

ICD's friendly, helpful staff is now trained in all aspects of support
for the complete OSS product line including:

     MAC/65     MAC/65 Toolkit
     ACTION!    ACTION! Toolkit
     BASIC XL   BASIC XL Toolkit
     BASIC XE   Writer's Tool
     DOS XL     Personal PASCAL for the Atari ST

Ordering and support for ICD/OSS products are available by calling
815/968-2228 from 8AM to 5PM CST Monday through Friday. Support is also
available 24 hours a day 7 days a week on the following Electronic
Bulletin Boards:

ICD/OSS BBS 815/968-2229 300-9600 baud
CompuServe, GEnie, Delphi, and BIX.
ICD's 24 hour FAX is connected to 815/968-6888.

The San Jose, CA  numbers for OSS will no longer be providing support.
Orders for OSS products may be placed now. All products will be shipping
in quantities soon.  For more information call any of our product support
lines or write to:

     ICD/OSS
     1220 Rock Street
     Rockford, IL  61101

****************
*STAR MICRONICS*
****************
|Left at| 01/29/88        |Sent to| ALL                 
|Sent by| MR.GOODPROBE        
|Subject| sad day...          

Today is a sad day. Star Micronics of printer fame has cancelled their
workhorse the NX-10, now you can only buy their replacement for this
great printer, the NX-1000, <sigh>...another one bites the dust.

Unbelevably, I also saw several new programs for the 8 bit Atari up at
Waldenbooks at Chapel Hill, so they really are writing for that machine
after all! Yeah! Holy chips!
Its Mr. Goodprobe

*********************************
*ATARI AQUIRES COURT INJUNCTIONS*
*********************************
Kyodo reported late last week that Atari has aquired court injunctions
against six companies for infringing it's copyrights and patents.

In the court injunction, agents of Atari seizd over $64,000 worth of
pirated goods.

Kyodo, a Japanese News Service reported -The six companies were alleged
to have brought in Taiwanese copies of the Atari 200 video games and
software game cartridges.-

Apple Computer took the same legal action earlier in conjunction with a
new copyright law in Singapore.

Kyodo is part of NewsNet which can be accessed through Compuserve and the
IQuest area.  IQuest reviewed in 1986 in ZMagazine.

*******************
*  A NEW ARRIVAL  *
*February 29, 1988*
*******************
Earlier today at 1:46pm Adam Michael Kovacs was born!  Mother and baby
are doing fine.  Guess the child knew we has an issue to get out! We are
now a thriving family of four and appreciate the well wishes sent in over
the last few weeks.  It has been a long 9 months, we are happy and hope
you are too, in hearing the news!!

**********************************
*ATARI TO UNVEIL UNIX-LIKE SYSTEM*
**********************************
Look for Atari Corp. to use the stage of next month's Hanover Computer
Fair in West Germany for the coming-out party of its new low-cost Unix-
like, 68030-based workstations.

Computergram International newsletter reports that the workstation is
based on Whitesmiths' Idris system which Atari licensed last year. In
addition, the newsletter reports it hears that Atari also will introduce
a desktop publishing system for under $5,000, -getting close to the price
of a good laser printer alone.-

The publication says the system will be composed of the Mega computer,
the SLM804 laser printer and Atari Deskset software. -The software is
claimed to put true WYSIWYG (what you see is what you get) on the screen,-
CI says, -and page formatting will be handled inside the computer rather
than on the printer, 1 meg of memory being dedicated to laser printer
commands.-

*********************
*ATARI'S EARNINGS UP*
*********************
Atari Corp. says its fourth quarter earnings were up 57 percent to $18.7
million. That represents 32 cents a share on revenue of $277 million,
compared with earnings of $11.9 million, or 22 cents per share, on
revenue of $92.6 million in the same period of the previous year. The
fourth quarter showed boosts the profits for all of 1987 up 76% to
$44.1 million, or 76 cents per share, from $25 million, or 53 cents in
1986. At the same time, sales rose 91 percent, increasing to $493 million
in 1987 compared with $258 million the previous year. Atari spokesman
Greg Pratt told The Associated Press that contributing the healthier
financial picture -- besides the buyout of Federated, which now accounts
for 25 percent of Atari -- were strengthened computer sales in Europe and
booming video game sales in the US. -Video games were obviously a hot
category- in 1987, he said. -There were no teddy bears or laser guns to
take those dollars away. People went back to more traditional stuff and
bought video games.-

Atari's 4th quarter Earnings Report

_Atari Corp_   _4th Quarter_

 LATEST PERIOD            YEAR EARLIER
 ---------------------------------------
 $276,956,000             $92,667,000 
  $18,702,000 (.32)     a-$22,997,000 (.43) 

 a-Includes an extraordinary credit of $11,047,000.FCC Update

*******************************
*FCC SCRAPS PLAN TO CHARGE FOR*
*COMPUTER ACCESS TO PHONE     *
*SYSTEMS                      *
*******************************
WASHINGTON - The Federal Communications Commission has quietly decided to
scrap its plan to sharply increase telephone rates for computer users,
agency and congressional sources said.

Last week, the agency informed important lawmakers that it wouldn't go
ahead with its plan to assess so called access charges of as much as
$5.50 per hour per user to hook up computer-communication networks to
local telephone systems. An FCC official described the decision as a
tactical move to placate opposition from Congress and computer users.

-They got the message loud and clear from Congress that this plan was a
political and policy loser-, said a House staffer who was informed of the
FCC decision.

The FCC's about-face is a big victory for information service companies,
who have contended that steep access charges would have driven them out
of business by making their services too expensive.  Currently, computer-
communications networks are exempt from those access charges. Computer
users around the country deluged the FCC with about 10,000 letters
opposing access fees, the most letters the agency has ever gotten on a
telephone issue.

The decision to drop the proposal was made by FCC Chairman Dennis Patrick
and the common-carrier bureau of the agency, the sources said. Mr.
Patrick, whose office wouldn't comment on the decision formally needs the
vote of at least one of the agency's other two members to terminate a
proposal.  But in practice, he can act unilaterally because, as chairman,
he controls which proposals can come to a vote.

In any event, FCC Commissioner Patricia Diaz Dennis said she supported
the decision to end the access-charge plan. -We've got a lot of things on
our plate,- she said. That's one that would overcrowd it.-

Several agency officials described the FCC's action as a way of patching
up its tattered relations with Congress which is still fuming over the
FCC's decision to abolish the fairness doctrine.

Last Thursday, [March 10] Rep. Edward Markey (D.,Mass.), chairman of the
House telecommunications subcommittee, said he would introduce
legislation to kill the access charge - even though agency officials said they had assured
the congressman's staff that the FCC itself would kill the plan.  A
Markey aide said he was only notified an hour before Rep. Markey was to
give a previously scheduled speech on access charges. -We'll closely
monitor the commission's future actions to insure that this onerous
charge doesn't re-emerge in a new form-, Rep. Markey said in a statement
yesterday.

Rep. Markey and other lawmakers also still oppose Mr. Patrick's pet plan
to radically alter regulation of American Telephone & Telegraph Co.

************************
*BBS USER FILES LAWSUIT*
************************
Online Today on CompuServe reported that on March 26, 1988 at BBS,
(bulletin board system) user filed a $112,000 law suit against a local
system.  The suit filed against the BBS and the SysOp (system operator)
could turn out to be a landmark decision and the first one handed down
under the FECPA.

The FECPA (Federal Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 1986),
mandates privacy protection of electronic communications including
mail found on commercial services and bulletin board systems.

The suit claims the SysOp did not properly safeguard private electronic
mail.

According to the information from Online Today, during December 1987 the
BBS sysop allowed others to access and view the contents of all Email
messages in a private portion of the subscription BBS. Previous deleted
messages were also restored for others to read.  It is alleged that some
of the user complaining's mail was among those read.

Other actions included the user being denied access after having paid a
year's fee for access.

Online Today's report stated that the last two counts of the complaint
could be the most damaging and state that the sysop -intentionally,
maliciously or with reckless disregard for the truth, made statements
which on their face are damaging to the professional and personal
reputation of the Petitner to humiliation, personal anguish and ridicule.-

The named BBS sysop did not respond to calls from Online Today to the
lawsuit. Callers to the BBS in Indiana are greeted with an apology to the
user.

*********************************
*SOFTWARE PIRATES FACE NEW SUITS*
*********************************
By Don Clark  Chronicle staff writer
(reprinted from the San Francisco Chronicle)

Oakland,Ca--  Top software publishers are vowing an agressive new round
of  joint piracy lawsuits against U.S. corporations and others that make
unauthorized copies of programs.

A joint anti-piracy campaign, announced Sunday, is being pushed and
largely funded by industry giants Microsoft, Lotus Development, Ashton-
Tate and Word Perfect.  It includes a litigation fund of undisclosed size
that will be coordinated by the 320 member Software Publishers Association,
which is having an annual conference at the Claremont Hotel here this week.

The SPA says it has already identified several offenders.  They range
from mail-order firms that have made a business of pirating software to
companies and universities that buy one copy of a program and illegally
make multiple copies for internal use.

-I think we've found some good targets,- said Ken Wasch, the SPA's
executive director.  -You'll see some suits very soon.-

The joint effort parallels similar actions taken in recent months to
crack down on foreigh sellers of pirate software. The focus on copyright
issues also coincides with a raging controversy triggered by Apple
Computer Inc., which filed a lawsuit on March 17 that accuses Hewlett-
Packard Co. and Microsoft Corp. of illegally copying the visual displays
of Apple's Macintosh computer.

Though unauthorized duplication is believed to be widespread at large U.S.
companies, software publishers have been reluctant to go after them in
court.  For one thing, those companies may be large software customers.
They also have ample resources to fight a lawsuit.

That reluctance has ended, Wasch said.

One key reason is the phasing out of copy protection built into program
diskettes, due to the widespread opposition of software customers. Lotus,
for example, has announced plans to remove the electronic protection from
a new version of its top selling 1-2-3 program being released next fall.

-Since copy protection has been removed, the entire industry is at the
mercy of an honor system of users,- Wasch said.

The SPA named Joe Bainton, a New York attorney with a reputation for
agressive litigation, to carry out the suits against the pirates.  R.
Duff Thompson, general counsel of the Utah based Word Perfect, will serve
as chairman of the association's litigation fund.

Major software companies banded together once before on domestic piracy
under the auspices of ADAPSO, the computer software and services
industries association.  It also set up a litigation fund, but brought
only one suit in 1985 before focusing mainly on educating corporations
about software piracy laws.

In other matters, software industry executives said Apple's suit casts a
cloud over future development of software based on Microsoft's Windows
program for IBM-compatible computers. Phillipe Kahn, chief executive of
Scotts Valley based Borland International, was roundly applauded for
proposing that the SPA set up an arbitration system so that copyright
disputes between companies are not settled by judges and juries.

-Apple's telling us Microsoft Windows has AIDS,' Borland said. -We're
anxiously waiting to hear that the tests come back negative.-

********************
*SPA TO SETTLE SUIT*
********************
Online Today reported this week that Apple Computer's recent -look-and-
feel- lawsuit should be settled, not in the courts, but by the Software
Publishers Association, Borland International founder/President
Phillipe Kahn said in his keynote address at the SPA's spring symposium
here.

*********************************
*MICROSOFT SAYS APPLE COMPUTER'S*
*COPYRIGHT LAWSUIT HAS NO MERIT *
*********************************
REDMOND, Wash. (MARCH 21) BIZWIRE - Thursday, Apple Computer filed suit
against Hewlett-Packard and Microsoft Corp. for alleged copyright
infringement. 

As to Microsoft, the complaint alleges that the visual displays of
Microsoft Windows 2.03 violate Apple copyrights.

After careful review of the complaint and a 1985 license agreement between
Apple and Microsoft, Microsoft is convinced that the case has no merit.

Microsoft has not exceeded the license agreement, nor has it infringed
any Apple copyrights or patents. Specifically, no visual displays in
Microsoft Windows 2.03 exceed the 1985 agreement.

William H. Neukom, vice president of law and corporate affairs, said ''We
are puzzled that Apple has brought this suit in light of the 1985 license
agreement between us. 

''That agreement covers visual displays, and we are in full compliance
with that agreement. We have not infringed any copyright or patent held
by Apple.''

Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ:MSFT) develops, markets and supports a wide range
of software for business and professional use, including operating
systems language, and application programs, as well as books and hardware
for the microcomputer marketplace. 

**************************************
*APPLE COMPUTER CO-FOUNDER STEVE JOBS*
*DODGES QUESTIONS ON NEW COMPUTER    *
**************************************
BERKELEY, Calif. (MARCH 29) UPI - Steve Jobs, the mercurial entrepreneur
who co-founded Apple Computer Inc., dodged questions Tuesday about a new
computer he has promised to deliver to the market in early 1988.

''I wish I could tell you about our product today,'' Jobs told an annual
meeting of the Software Publishers Association in Berkeley. ''I cannot,''
Jobs said, telling an audience of approximately 200 that he will
introduce what is expected to be a computer workstation for use in
colleges ''when it's ready''. 

Jobs, who has founded a new company called NeXT Inc. to produce a machine
to fit his vision of the needs of academia, explained his silence by
saying, ''a young company needs the advantage of surprise.'' But he
described the machine under production as ''the best product that I've
ever seen in my life. The product that we're working on will speak louder
than anything I can say.'' 

Jobs also expressed puzzlement over a copyright infringement lawsuit
recently filed by Apple Computer against two other computer companies,
Microsoft Corp., of Redmond, Wash., and Hewlett-Packard Co., of Palo Alto,
Calif. 

The suit alleges that Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard illegally copied the
audio-visual display of Apple's Macintosh computer in designing their
own software. 

Jobs urged software developers in the audience to ''express themselves'' on
the subject, saying the issue of copyrights and computer software is
vital to innovation in the industry.

****************************
*ALAN ALDA CONTRACT EXPIRES*
****************************
Alan Alda's 5 year contract as Atari spokesman has expired.  He will now
be found in future IBM commercials with the rest of the M*A*S*H* cast.

*************************
*1988 IN REVIEW: MAY and*
*SPRING COMDEX REPORTS  *
*************************
EDITORS DESK MAY 1988
by Ron Kovacs

There is much to talk about this week within the Atari community. Atari
Corp has started the Computer Division with Mr. Babbit taking over as
President. With this news, there are confidential sources telling us that
Atari is going to advertise the ST on CABLE stations only.  This along
with other ST news can be found in ST-REPORT.

I have included excerpts from a Delphi confrence last week with Niel
Harris. Much of the confrence subject matter deals with the ST market,
again refer to ST-Report magazine for the full confrence highlights.


ATARI CORP  CORPORATE EARNINGS 

Latest Period            Year Earlier
-------------------------------------
Atari Corp (1st Q)
$169,232,000             $65,133,000
$5,674,000 (.10)     a-$9,365,000(.16)
a-Net from operations.

ATARI FIRST-QUARTER EARNINGS DOWN NEARLY 63 PERCENT AT $5.7 MILLION

SUNNYVALE, Calif. (MAY 13) UPI - Atari Corp. reported earnings in the
first quarter of 1988 fell nearly 63 percent to $5.7 million or 10 cents
a share, down from $15.3 million or 26 cents a share in the same period
last year.

However, revenues for the Sunnyvale-based maker of personal computers and
video games rose to $169.2 million in the quarter ended April 2, up more
than 61 percent compared to $65.1 million in the first quarter of 1987,
the company said in a statement released late Thursday.

Atari blamed the downturn in its earnings on losses incurred by the
Federated Group Inc., its retail subsidiary, which it acquired in
October 1987.

The Federated division reported a pre-tax operating loss of $9.6 million
on sales of $71.5 million in the first quarter of 1988. Not counting that
loss, Atari's earnings would have been $15.29 million in the first
quarter up marginally over $15.28 million last year, the company said.

First quarter results last year were boosted by a $5.9 million credit
related to accounting changes, the company said.

-The losses incurred by Federated ...continue to adversely impact Atari's
earnings,- said Sam Tramiel, Atari's president. But he added that
Federated -is now approaching a breakeven point and we forsee a small
loss or a small profit in the second and third quarters,- and -a modest
profit- in the fourth quarter.

-Further action is being taken to reduce costs, improve product mix and
margin, and to increase sales,- Tramiel said.

FRIDAY'S AMEX 10 MOST ACTIVE STOCKS

NEW YORK (MAY 13) - The 10 most active stocks in American Stock Exchange
composite trading Friday:

Stock       Sales    Last    Net Chg.
Sothebys  1,143,800  18 1/8  unch
Dome Pet  1,008,400  1 1-16 off 1-16
Amdahl Corp 621,400  47       up 3/4
ICH Corp    499,800   7 5/8  off 1/8
Lorimar Tel 267,000  12 3/4  off 1/4
Wang Lab B  187,700  10 5/8  off 1/4
Viacom      187,300  25 1/4   up 1/8
Horn & Har  176,600   7 1/8   up 3/4
Atari Corp  158,300   7 5/8  unch
Texas Air   147,200  10 7/8   up 1/4

ATARI CORP AT THE SPRING COMDEX

ANTIC PUBLISHING INC., COPYRIGHT 1988  REPRINTED BY PERMISSION.

REPORT FROM ATLANTA   Spring Comdex Report Number 1
by Andrew Reese,   START Editor

(Atlanta, GA, May 9, 1988) Atari was at the spring Computer Dealers
Exposition (COMDEX) in force this year with a large display area designed
around the theme of ST/Mega solutions to business problems.  Atari itself
did not show any new hardware, but third-part developers presented
several exciting add-ons for Atari 68000-based machines and the software
houses caught a lot of interest with some highly professional packages.

Although it was not in the booth, word has it that Atari's new 68030-based
UNIX machine is progressing nicely, thank you, in the R&D Labs at Atari,
Inc.'s headquarters in Sunnyvale, California.  Contrary to some earlier
press reports, it is not a -stock- Motorola UNIX design, but instead is a
custom Atari design with six proprietary chips on the motherboard.
The last of the custom chips has been received from the chip house and
installed on the new prototype PC board.  This baby cooks along at 16MHz+
and right now the development looks to be on schedule.  Watch the pages
of START and Antic's ST Resource for more details of this giant step up
in the Atari line.

We'll have more news about other Atari developments, but let's turn our
attention to the two add-ons that were shown by third-party developers.
The first is the amazing ST Accelerator from Megabyte Computers of Webster,
Texas.  Despite the unfortunate circumstances of having their car stolen
(with their demo computers, hard drive and Accelerator inside!), Megabyte
demo'ed their hard-wire 16 MHz mod for the ST. Yes, that's right: 16 Mhz
clock rate or twice the standard ST clock rate!  Installation of the add-
on board is not for the cautious or technically inexperienced, however --
it requires the removal of the 68000 and the addition of a turbo board,
a 68000-16 chip and a panel switch for choosing turbo/standard rate from
the keyboard.  Speed can be switched in the middle of an application and
let me tell you that it sure makes the ST F-L-Y!  It hasn't been tested
on all applications yet and there are certainly times when a mere 8 MHz
is plenty fast enough (want to go against the Dark Lord at twice the real
-time speed??), but since it is easily switchable, it looks like a winner
for any power ST user.  Should be available within the month;  I put my
order in!

And for the power user with math-intensive software needs -- like CAD,
graphics, spreadsheets, etc.  -- plug Xetec's XCEL hardware floating
point math processor into your cartridge port.  Improvements in math
calculations are dramatic:  on the order of 2-30 times!  XCEL is complete
and awaiting FCC approval, which should take no more than two months.
Price?  $199.  Compare that to the price of an 80387 chip!  One note,
however, XCEL does require that the software be recompiled using their
custom math libraries, so you won't see any immediate improvement in off
-the-shelf software, but more than one leading developer of ST power
software told me that they would be more than happy to support the new
processor.

The ST desktop publishing market is certainly getting crowded -- and with
quality products as good as or better than anything available on those
-Brand X- machines. Timeworks showed their nifty Desktop Publisher ST,
now available at $129, SoftLogik's powerful Publishing Partner Professional
is getting closer to its announced June release (they really want to kill
all the bugs first and it sure looks like they're doing it) and ISD was
demo'ing their marvelous Calamus DTP package, due on the market within
the next several months.  Which to choose?  We'll test them all and give
you our recommendations over the next few months in the pages of START
and Antic's ST Resource.

If you liked Barbarian from Psygnosis, get ready for Obliterator. It uses
the same interface, but is set in the future.  Great graphics and sound
and now shipping.

Microprose was featuring Gunship on the ST in their booth and announced
that they were shooting for a September release of the ST version of
Pirates, their hot new game on those other computers. Microprose promises
that they will take full advantage of the ST's capabilities;  their past
performance with Silent Service, F-16 Strike Eagle and Gunship seems to
bear this out.

Antic showed the newest version of Cyber Paint, Version 2.0.  This is
truly fantastic graphics and animation software from the incredibly
creative mind of Jim Kent, who brought you the first version AND Aegis
Animator.  For stand-alone 2D animation, there's nothing that can touch
it on the ST -- and nothing in its price range on any other computer.
Period.  Also being shown was Antic's first venture into the Amiga world.
Now, don't panic, folks, Antic's not leaving you Atarians behind. PHASAR,
the popular ST home accounting package has been ported over to the Amiga
to a very favorable reception.  Antic also showed several other new ST
packages including new design disks for CAD-3D and Shadow, a background
terminal program that lets you go online and download files in the
background while word processing or whatever at the same time.

ATLANTA, MAY 10, 1988 -- The second day in Atlanta featured with
thunderstorms, traffic jams and record crowds at COMDEX.  It also featured
Atari and Commodore sharing the dais without bloodshed in a presentation
called -Alternate Systems in Niche Markets:  Amigas and Ataris.-  Neil
Harris, now the Director of Product Management for the Computer Division
of Atari U.S., and Ken Weber Vice President of Sales for Commodore,
traded jibes and optimistic views of their respective markets, but the
bottomline seemed to be that the two companies will now target their
marketing at specific -niche- markets. What this means is that you will
probably see ad campaigns aimed at specific uses of the two computers.
Commodore is aiming at the -Desktop Presentation- market, while Atari is
focusing their efforts on such uses as MIDI and Desktop Publishing.

Atari is not shy about declaring or displaying their intentions:  the
Atari booth at this primarily business -related show is notable for the
predominance of monochrome monitors and business-related software.  Now if
the DRAM shortage eases a bit, Atari should be well positioned for a
strong push in the third and fourth quarters of the year.

Speaking of monitors, one of the most dramatic developments in ST displays
was unveiled today when ISD hooked up a 19-inch high resolution Moniterm
monitor to a Mega 4 and displayed their Calamus DTP package in crisp,
bright 1280-by-960 resolution.  The display requires a videocard that
plugs into the Mega's internal bus port and using a patched TOS on disk
to get around the TOS-in-ROM video definitions.  Pricing and availability
has not been set for this spectacular product, but look for it during the
second half of the year.  Oh, and it can put out a high-resolution color
signal, too...

While it's not an Atari product, I have to mention that RasterOps of
Cupertino, California displayed an amazing display for the Mac II.  Their
TrueColor 104 board and Model1948 Monitor combine to display 1024 by 768
pixels with 24 bit planes per pixel. In plain language, this means 786,432
colors on the screen at once from a palette of 16.7 million colors!  Sigh!
But this graphics power definitely has with a price -- the board and
monitor are each $3195 -- and that's on top of the price of a Mac II. (Oh,
even the swivel and tilt base for the 19-inch monitor costs...are you
ready?..$295!)

Back to Atari.  Atari's CD-ROM player was shown in its final production
version.  The developer's systems should be shipping within a few weeks
and you should be seeing it in your local Atari dealers this summer. Atari
waited to sell the CD-ROM until they could get it out the door at their
chosen price, in this case $599. That's half of what Apple's recently-
announced CD-ROM will list at and the Atari CD-ROM will play audio CD's
as well.  With the Atari's support of High Sierra and other major formats,
software should become available quickly.

If you've been wondering when you can buy the new TOS ROM's, the short
answer is that you can't -- for now. This upgrade was an interim re-design
and a second upgrade is in the works. Atari has been soliciting suggestions
for re-works on the various online services and are now finalizing their
plans for redesign.  They are focusing their attention right now on the
GEMDOS portion of the ROM's with an eye toward greatly increasing the
speed of screen operations.  Look for 4these ROM's to hit the market in
the fall.  The price for what Atari annouonced as a -major improvement-
has not been set.

If you're worried about viruses infecting your ST's operating system, you
can breathe a small sigh of relief-- Neil Harris announced that Atari U.S.
has yet to see any evidence of avirus on the ST.  With TOS in ROM, St'ers
are a bit safer than other brands with significant portions of their
operating systems on disk (I won't mention any names, but their initials
are MS-DOS, Mac and Amiga). As Harris said, -No one is going to come to
your house with an EPROM burner!-  (Oh, and by the way, rumor has it that
a minor virus even infected the Amiga Developer's conference recently
held in Washington, D.C.!)

Robtek Ltd. announced two new programs for the ST, available now. Dizzy
Wizard is -the game that Marble Madness should have been.-  While I
haven't been able to boot it up at the show, the screen displays on the
packaging look great. $19.95.  Aimed at the low-end DTP market, Home
Publisher has many of the same basic features as higher-priced programs,
but at a cost of $39.95.

Scott, Foresman and Company announced a new book of interest to the ST
community.  -Learning C on the Atari ST- looks like a good tutorial and
reference for budding C programmers -- and also for those old flowers
among us.

If you have a lot of disks or just need a convenient system to store
those you have, Seima International Corp. showed their Exponent modular
drawer and attache-style systems. Each drawer holds 180 3-1/2-inch disks
and lists for $69.95, while the attache case holds 64 disks in a
convenient hard plastic case that lists for $39.95.  Looks like an
attractive Italian import.

SBT announced their Series Six upgrades to their Database Accounting
Library.  Final debugging of the ST version is about complete, so look
for these new products within the next few months -- and look for a
review of these powerful packages in the October, 1988 issue of START, on
sale September 1st.

One of the most remarkable new products for the ST was shown by Intersect
Software, makers of Interlink.  Revolver allows the user to -take a
picture- of the ST's memory at any time, during any application, and save
it to disk in compressed format.  Then, when you want to come back to it,
you just -roll it in- and you're back where you were -- exactly where you
were, whether you were about to be killed by a monster in a game or were
checking the fourth quarter's performance of your company in a
spreadsheet.  It should be available at the end of June for a price of
$49.95.

Michtron will be shipping Leatherneck for the ST within a few weeks. This
Viet Nam-style combat game is slated to list at $39.95.

Also due to be released soon is Paperboy, a port from the popular arcade
game.  It's from Mindscape and will list at $49.95.

ATLANTA, MAY 11, 1988 -- Day 3 of the Computer Dealers Exposition (COMDEX)
dawned bright and clear and the show floor was jammed with suits and
nerds. Expectations are that by the time all of us make our way through
the show, our number will have set a new record for a Spring COMDEX of
over 60,000! That's a lot of suits and nerds, folks.

More news of interest to Atarians:

* -- Liz and Kevin Mitchell of Migraph were displaying EZ-Draw with
  Supercharger, their fine DTP/page layout package;  expect to see some
  further refinements of this versatile package in the months to come.

* -- Neocept was proudly displaying their word processor package called
  Word Up.  They're making improvements and enhancements everyday and
  upgrading their purchasers' copies diligently.  If you haven't taken a
  look at this very capable WYSIWYG program, do so before choosing among
  the wealth of Atari word processors available now.  Word Up has some
  excellent features not found in any other package I've seen.

* -- Michtron has announced a whole series of new products centered
  around their emerging standard BASIC, GFA BASIC.  GFA BASIC Training
  ReBoot Camp is their new beginners guide to programming in GFA. It
  presumes no prior experience in programming and takes you step-by-step
  through the development of your program; $19.95, out now. At the other
  end of the spectrum from -ReBoot- is The GFA BASIC Programmers
  Reference Guide, Vol.  1. This is the first half of the definitive work
  on GFA BASIC by George W. Miller. It should hit the bookstores in late
  June with a bang; $29.95 for 576 pages of all you ever wanted to know
  about GFA BASIC. GFA BASIC 3.0 was announced at CeBIT, the Hannover
  computer show, and will be shipping in mid-July.  It adds over 300 new
  commands to GFA BASIC and a substantial increase in speed: 40 to 60% !
  Finally, the GFA-BASIC Reference Card is shipping with a $4.95 price
  tag.  Michtron also showed GFA Draft, Juggler II, Master CAD and
  Utilities Plus -- it looks like Gordon and company have been very busy
  this spring!

* -- ICD was showing their quiet and convenient line of ST hard drives
  called the FA-ST Hard Drive. Available in sizes to fit almost every
  need and budget from 20 meg at $699.95 to 100 meg (dual 50's) at
  $1699.95.  Or if you already have an IBM-compatible hard drive lying
  around, they have a kit to transform that paperweight into an asset
  for your ST.  Ask for the FA-ST Hard Drive Kit.  Or look for the ST
  Host Adapter at $135.95 if you want to build up your own drive from
  components available for IBM's, etc.;  $135.95. And there's still more
  options available for hard drives from ICD - -check with your dealer.

******************************************
*SHIRAZ SHIVJI REVEALS FUTURE ATARI PLANS*
******************************************
Article Edited by Steve Godun for ZMag

Shiraz Shivji was interviewed at the Hannover Fair by the Dutch monthly
Atari ST News, and I thought net readers might be interested by some of
the things he said.  What follows has been translated to Dutch by the
paper, and then back into English by me, so it might not reflect
*exactly* what he said.

-The ST will remain the most important product for Atari.  For instance,
(there is a worldwide shortage of memory chips) all memory chips that we
can get go first to the ST range. Only then do we use them for the PC
range. We will offer a path to connect ST computers to the TT.

-In contrast to the past, when Atari was known for its Vaporware, we are
going to be much more careful with announcements of new products. We want
to get rid of that bad image that we announce all sorts of things that
are only years later available, or even are never produced.-

He then went on to talk about new Atari products:

* The EST (Enhanced ST) will be the next item in the ST range, featuring
  a 68000 processor at 8MHz, but with higher resolution in both mono and
  color, more colors, improved VDI, and is upwardly compatible with the
  current ST computers, with the addition, for example, of horizontal
  and vertical scrolling. Expected availability: 4th Quarter, 1988

* A removable hard disk, the SR244. The disks have the size and form of
  a compact disk box, and will cost $120 each.  Cost of the unit itself
  will be little above the current hard disk price, and will have a
  capacity of about 44-Megs per disk with an access time of 25Ms.  (The
  SH205 has an access time of 65Ms, as a comparison).  It shouldn't be
  long before there are 60- and 80-Meg disks with 15Ms access times.
  Expected availability: 3rd or 4th Quarter, 1988

* A number of new, non-exchangeable hard disks, with a much larger
  capacity than the SH205. Expected availability: 3rd Quarter, 1988

* The CD-ROM drive is expected to be available everywhere for around $600,
  including (?) interface cable and software driver. Expected
  availability: 3rd Quarter, 1988

* The TT computer, featuring a 68030 processor, 68882 floating-point
  co-processor, VME bus, Unix V system 3.1, and the possibility to
  connect an ST to the DMA port.  The ST will then run X-windows. It may be
  possible that GEM will then run in one of the windows.  All this for
  only $5000. Expected availability: 4th Quarter, 1988

* They have found a new manufacturer for the BLITTER chips and now expect
  to catch up on back-orders -in a few months-.

* Atari has just been having high-level talks with Digital Research.  No
  further information is available about what the discussions were about.

* A portable ST is being developed. No dates for availability.

On this last point, in the May Personal Computer World, a British magazine,
a reporter tells that Sam Tramiel assured him that the portable ST should
be available by Christmas at around $1000.  The machine, called the STacey,
is being prototyped by Perihelion in Cambridge, England (who are also doing
the Abaq, by the way). Planned features include 1-Meg RAM, 20-Meg hard
disk, 3.5- floppy disk, full LCD screen, and a track ball instead of a
mouse.  Memory shortages may mean that the first versions will have 512K
of RAM, and pricing considerations may mean that the hard disk will go.

1988 IN REVIEW: MAY 8 BIT UPDATE

Atari 8-bit news...Over 350,000 Apple, IBM, and Commodore owners have had
a big advantage over XL/XE owners. Until now, that is.  Springboard
software has just released -The Newsroom,- a desktop publishing program
that has been a favorite among the above mentioned computers for quite
some time. The Newsroom includes everything you need to create great
looking newsletters in just a few minutes.

Choose from over 600 pieces of clip art with the option to edit and modify
those pieces for custom results, or create your own with the drawing
tools.  A built-in mini word processor allows you to write and print in
any of five fonts with built-in -picture wrap,- where the text
automatically (and smoothly) wraps around your clip art.  And with the
addition of three Clip Art Volumes, the possibilities are endless.

1988 IN REVIEW: MAY 16 BIT UPDATE

Now for some ST news...The Multiline Nite Lite BBS is now available for
the Atari ST!  This is a TRUE multiline BBS that is already in operation
in Maryland, Virginia, Illinois, and many other places around the world.

Features of the Multiline Nite Lite BBS include up to 7 callers at once
plus a local logon, up to 27 message bases, 87 built-in commands including
an interpreter allowing you to add your own custom functions and commands,
support for interactive and /or single user on-line games, an unlimited
number of file transfer sections, support for baud rates up to 2400 baud
in any mix on all lines, two chat -rooms- for caller conferences, total
sysop control even from remote logon, built-in terminal mode for outgoing
calls...Too much more to list!  Multiline Nite Lite BBS operates in a
standard GEM environment on all Atari ST computers.  Multiline BBS also
requires an SP408 ($199) for up to three lines or an SP808 ($349) for up
to 7 lines. The software itself is $99 from Nite Lite Systems, or *FREE*
with the purchase of the SP408 or SP808 Programmable Serial Interface.

One more catch...The order has to be postmarked before July 1, 1988 from
a user group registered with Atari Corp.

Contact Nite Lite Systems
PO Box R
Billerica, MA 01821.

**********************************************
*ATARI SHOWS VARIETY OF DTP SOLUTIONS AT CEPS*
**********************************************
Compiled by Steve Godun

At the Corporate Electronic Publishing Show (CEPS) in Chicago last month,
Atari displayed new third-party software support for the Atari Desktop
Publishing (DTP) system, based on the Atari Mega line of business
computers and the Atari SML804 laser printer. Atari has issued a challenge
to DTP systems with Apple of IBM hardware and software platforms,
demonstrating complete systems at a lower price with superior performance
in most real-world applications.

Said Chuck Babbitt, president of Atari Computer, -The press really thought
we had something. We were showing a $5,000 desktop publishing solution,
and Apple was showing $18,000 to $20,000 systems. We are a real player in
this market.-

The newest software offering, Desktop Publisher ST from Timeworks in
Deerfield, IL arrived in stores late last month. Suggested retail is
$129.95. Publisher uses a true GEM-based interface and offers word
processing, page layout, graphics, and typesetting, including WYSIWYG
display. The program allows users to import text from Word Writer ST,
1st Word, and WordPerfect, as well as ASCII files from any other word
processor. It fully supports the Atari SLM804 laser printer, taking less
than one minute to produce a full page of text and graphics.

A family of Accessory Packs of ready -to-use graphics especially designed
for a variety of applications will be available later this summer at
$39.95 retail. Timeworks offers free technical support to all registered
users, a money-back guarantee, and an exclusive exchange policy. Timeworks
Desktop Publisher ST runs on the Atari 520ST, 1040ST, and Mega computers.

Soft-Logik Publishing Corporation of St. Louis, MO has announced
Publishing Partner Professional, an advanced version of its popular
Publishing Partner, to start shipping in early June. Publishing Partner
Professional supports auto-text flow around graphics, auto hyphenation,
auto kearning, a spelling dictionary, and grouping of multiple objects.
It offers the ability to rotate, slant, or twist text and objects, and
special functions for color printing. Publishing Partner Professional also
allows users to import text from Word Writer ST, 1st Word, Word Perfect,
and ASCII files. According to Shawn Fogle, president, Soft-Logik has
dramatically improved the printing speed when used with the Atari SLM804
laser printer -- now about 55 seconds to produce a full page of text and
graphics.

Publishing Partner Professional includes a driver for the Atari SLM804
laser printer, and support for a number of dot matrix and laser printers,
including PostScript for devices like the Linotronic phototypesetter.

Publishing Partner and Publishing Partner Professional offers a unique
font scaling technique to allow characters at any point size between 2
and 216, and many other features. Both programs function with Atari's
520ST, 1040ST, and Mega computers.

According to one of Publish! magazine's staff, upon viewing Publishing
Partner Professional at the CEPS show, -This program has features that no
other desktop publishing package has, like kearning tables and color
separations! I'm really impressed.- Look for a full review of the Atari
DTP system in upcoming issues of Publish! and Personal Publishing.

Publishing Partner Professional will sell at $199.95 retail. Registered
Publishing Partner owners may receive an upgrade for only $50 in a
program just extended to June 1. The suggested retail price of the
original Publishing Partner has been lowered from $149.95 to $89.95.

Mirrorsoft's Fleet Street Publisher is a desktop publishing program out
of Great Britian. Marketed here by Spectrum Holobyte of Oakland, CA, Fleet
Street will fully support the Atari SLM804 laser printer with a release
due soon. Additional graphics libraries also will become available. The
current version works on the 520ST amd 1040ST and retails for $149.95.

Fleet Street runs under GEM so it's friendly and easy to use. It includes
a library of ready-to-use graphic images, a pixel editor for creating and
adapting graphics, six fonts, and box and rule drawing in multiple weights
and shades. International character sets are available.

Another package from Europe is Calamus, being sold in the US by ISD
Marketing in Canada. It is currently anticipated that Calamus will appear
in stores in June. It offers many high-level features, including a full
GEM interface, scalable fonts from Monotype, polygon functions, an
integrated diagram graphics program with functions including vector
graphics, and support for a number of printers, including the Atari SLM804.
Calamus for the Mega will retail at $449.95, and a fully compatible scaled
down version will be available fot the 1040ST at $199.95.

At the higher end of the marketplace, Atari is producing the G.O. Graphics'
Deskset, a high-quality desktop typesetting program designed for use with
the Atari Mega and SLM804 laser printer. Deskset is a professional level
typesetting package which uses genuine CompuGraphic scalable fonts and
WYSIWYG preview. It includes automatic hyphenation and justification,
character pair kerning, automatic character compensation, and multiple
exception hyphenation dictionaries. Deskset uses a GEM interface and
typesetting commands identical to those found in CompuGraphic typesetting
systems. Deskset is soon to be released -- it's currently in beta testing
-- and will retail for around $500.

All of these packages allow users to import text from ASCII files from
any word processor. Graphics can be picked up directly from either Degas,
NeoChrome, GEM Draw, or Easy-Draw formats.

Supercharged Easy-Draw from Migraph, in Federal Way, WA offers the
combination of the popular graphics program with a graphics file
converter. The Supercharger allows Easy-Draw to load bit images from
NeoChrome or Degas, as well as scanned images of portions of any screen
display.

Excellent for use as a low-end desktop publisher for the production of
forms and flyers, Easy-Draw 2.3 also offers use of fonts, and takes full
advantage of the speed and versitility of the Atari SML804 laser printer,
composing a full page of text and graphics in only 30-40 seconds.
Easy-Draw without the Supercharger is often used as a drawing tool for
the creation of scalable images, which are then imported into the DTP
packages mentioned earlier.

Supercharged Easy-Draw retails for $149.95. Easy-Draw end-users can
upgrade by purchasing the Supercharger directly from Migraph.

In another corner of the desktop publishing marketplace is a sophisticated
word processor, Microsoft Write ($129.95). Write offers a number of
different fonts and simple page layout commands to produce professional-
looking reports and documentation quickly.

Another key component of the Atari Desktop Publishing system is the ST
Scan package from Navarone Industries in Campbell, CA. Consisting of a
high-speed interface and a Canon Image Scanner, the package allows you to
digitize photographs, line art, or other types of images, for use with
your Atari computer. The single-sheet scanner retails for $1239. The flat-
bed scanner, which can accept any type of bound material to a maximum of
8.5-x12-, retails for $1779. The ST Scan package supports Degas, .IMG,
and PostScript image formats, in resolutions of 75 to 300 dots per inch.

=========================================================================
    Syndicate ZMagazine          Issue #135          December 11, 1988
   Copyright (c) Syndicate Publishing Company, 1988 All Rights Reserved
                         -1988 In Review Part 1-
=========================================================================
 PayBax BBS  Wilmington, DE. (302) 731-5558  All Bauds/All Hours
=========================================================================
