          |  ROVAC ZMAGAZINE  |
          |    Issue  #153    |
          |  April 18, 1989   |
          |Copyright 1989, RII|
          
                 
                
               
                           
                            
                             
 
 
 
        
        |This week in ZMagazine|
        
 


         Editor's Monitor 
             Harold Brewer

        TextPro 2.5r/3.2r 
               Bill Hall

     Introducing MAX Systems 
              Marty Albert

     Atari Users Association 
           Robert J. Guadagno

                    


           
           |EDITOR'S MONITOR|
           
           
           |by Harold Brewer|
           


While browsing through the April issues
of Atari Interface Magazine and
Current Notes (hard copy magazines
which are Atari user group oriented),
three points struck me:

1)  In AIM, Brent Fisher of CACE wrote
    an article about -8Bit Uses for an
    ST Mouse-.  Brent conveyed that
    this is an extention of an article
    which appeared reprinted in
    ZMagazine issue #147.  I feel this
    is what ZMagazine is all about:
    stimulation of thinking about the
    8-bit Ataris to the point of
    putting in your -two-cents worth-.
    
    Keep up the good work, Brent.

2)  In Notes, Len Poggiali's -XE/XL
    UPDATE- has some good observations,
    save one error (as I interpret the
    article):
    the R-Time 8 clock cartridge is
    not new, and not made by Innovative
    Concepts.  The R-Time 8 has been
    around for a few years and is made
    by ICD, Inc.

3)  These two magazines which are
    available at my local Atari dealer
    (side by side with the Antics and
    Analogs) are a very welcome
    addition to the fare which the
    -two As- give the 8-bit reader.
    I hope to be able to purchase all
    these magazines in the years to 
    come.


Last week's COMDEX
(commercially-oriented computer show)
had little to offer us 8-bitters.  For
details, check out ST-ZMagazine #16.
I'm sure the World of Atari this
weekend will have a bit more for us to
think about.

                    


          
          |TEXTPRO 2.5r/3.2r|
          
            
            |by Bill Hall|
            

Miami Valley Atari Computer Enthusiasts


TextPro:  A Series of Copyrighted 8-Bit
ShareWare Word Processors from
Mike Collins and Ronnie Riche


If you have need of a Word Processor
that will run without displacing your
R: Handler, TextPro 3.2r (and 2.5r for
AtariDOS fans) is about your best bet.

If you have ever used SpeedScript, the
appearance of the Disk Menu and the
general -feel- of the program will
contain no surprises other than cursor
movement options.  You will, however,
have a lot more flexibility than
SpeedScript ever provided (at least,
more than I ever noticed).

Both versions assemble at $2B00,
allowing you room for RS232 handlers or
other special handlers to remain in
RAM.  The nice thing about this is, you
can use a -persistent- handler without
having to reboot every time you switch
applications, as long as the handler is
not directly appended to your program.
That way you never run into the -Not
Enough Memory- message because of the
handler reloading on top of itself, and
taking up more memory.

    Some Features of TextPro Include 

> Binary Load, to switch to other
    binary programs; 

> English Error Messages instead of
    numbers; 

> SpartaDOS Subdirectory support; 

> Automatic Directory Sorting; 

> Exit directly to BASIC and return; 

> Ability to create a Disk Log of all
    your disks, with any comments you
    want added (usage notes or
    whatever, you have the entire word
    processor options available instead
    of somebody else's idea of what
    constitutes a software listing...);

> Several -/- parameters to let you
    Save to Cursor, Load From Cursor,
    Append, and several useful others;

> User-definable Macros and Macro
    definitions, to let you automate
    repetitive keystrokes that *you*
    make often.  There are some already
    written on the pay services, among
    them a virtual 10 file windowing
    utility you can use from a RAMDisk.
    One I wrote for myself let me walk
    away from a rather long file I had
    downloaded, while the Macro deleted
    multiple characters (text AND
    Control characters) that I did not
    need cluttering up the file--having
    a dot-matrix printer I don't need
    to backspace and retype a character
    4 to 8 times to get Boldface or
    Enhanced script--so I didn't have
    to wear out my eyes or fingers
    typing in character sequences to
    replace with other character
    sequences using the Global Replace
    feature.  The Macro did the
    donkey-work, and I had a cup of
    coffee! 


         Utility of the Program 

TextPro x.xr versions are limited to a
text window of 15,360 characters (about
6 full pages of 64-column text), but
using the -Save to Cursor-, -Delete to
Top-, -Load to Cursor-, and -/A- 
appended Save and Print parameters you
can work with files of virtually any
size.  Also, you can write your own
Macro to handle this for you or use
SEGMENT.MAC from the pay services to
automate it. 

Files are saved and printed in ASCII
format, which allows you to interchange
text files with people having other
computers (like the ST folks). 

The Files Menu gives you a listing of
files, number of free sectors, and
Delete, Lock, Unlock, Rename, Format,
Load, Copy, and eXit (to DOS) along
with Drive Select 1-8 and Subdirectory
changes (if you have SpartaDOS). 

Formatting changes (margin resets,
pitch changes, font changes,
underlining, etc.) are done with
imbedded commands.  Several are
predefined, you can define some of your
own, or you can imbed printer control
codes specific to your printer for
-fancy- work. 

Using the Macros you can automate just
about any function--the limit is your
own imagination--giving you the freedom
to perform files maintenance without
having to go to the Menu, for instance.


All in all, TextPro is about as useful
a Word Processor as any I have ever
seen for the 8-bit Atari.  It is easy
enough to use that my wife (who knows
*nothing* about the internal workings
of a computer) has no problems writing
her papers on it just using the
built-in commands; yet for someone who
likes to make things work the way
*they* like them to work, TextPro
offers extreme versatility with a
minimum of effort.  It can do
everything I have seen commercial Word
Processors do (with the possible 
exception of printing only odd or even
pages), and at a ShareWare price of $10
to $20, nothing that is as good comes
anywhere near the value. 


           Different Versions 

TextPro 1.2 is intended for use with
AtariDOS, but there are extensions
available that allow you some other
choices.  Using the available
extensions allow you a great deal of
flexibility in text handling, and some
degree of automation.  What is not 
available from the extensions can be
built to your satisfaction using the
Macro feature. 

Version 2.5r is meant for AtariDOS. 

Version 3.2r is meant for SpartaDOS. 

x.xr versions will not recognize the
EXTension files for v1.2, but the
Macros can be used to overcome any
disadvantage there. 


               Conclusion 

Mike Collins and Ronnie Riche have done
an excellent continuing job with all of
the TextPro series.  If I *knew* all 
of the features available, this review
could easily turn into a monster!
(This was supposed to be a *short*
review...) 

I recommend TextPro very highly.  Get a
copy, try it out, and if you like it
(as I'm sure you will), support the
ShareWare concept in the most tangible
way there is:  Pay the developers!


(Editor's note:  It is a pleasure to be
able to use TextPro 3.2r when editing
ZMagazine.)

                    


       
       |INTRODUCING MAX SYSTEMS|
       
           
           |by Marty Albert|
           

     Quality Software for Atari and
       Commodore 8-Bit Computers


This document is for information only
and in no way states or implies any
contract.  It may be freely distributed
as long as it remains unchanged.
Reformatting for printing is permitted.

     Copyright 1988 by MAX Systems

              MAX Systems
              Suite 6-216
          4005 Manzanita Ave.
             Carmicael, CA
               95609-4005


Thank you for taking the time to read
this introduction to MAX Systems!  We
think that you'll find the information
here both interesting and, possibly,
profitable!

In recent years, the software available
for the Atari and Commodore 8-bit
computers has more or less -dried up-.
There is little new commercial software
being released by the big publishers
and the quality of Public Domain
software has been steadily decreasing,
with a few notable exceptions.  The
support for PD and so-called
-shareware- has been sparce to say the
least.  Often, when you get a PD or
shareware program, you can't find out
who to ask when you have a question
because the author is not available or
has even moved on to other computers.

So, you are left on your own to figure
out how to use the program, often with
poor results.


What about the other side of the coin?
You have written a program that you
feel is a good one.  You send it off to
a few publishers, but they reply that,
-...we don't support that old machine
anymore.-  You are left with three
alternatives:

1)  Release it as PD and make no profit
    from it.
2)  Release it as -shareware- and make
    little, if any, profit from it.
3)  Just keep it and the heck with it
    all, wasting your time and effort
    that you put into the program.

This hurts everyone!  The
non-programmers see a lack of good
software for their machines because the
programmers are not seeing any rewards
for their work and stop supporting the
machine.  The programmers get disgusted
and stop writing new software because
they are going broke.  As time passes,
it just keeps getting worse!

That is where MAX Systems comes in!


      
      |Just What is MAX Systems?|
      

MAX Systems believes in the FIRST
Ataris and Commodores!  They are fine
machines, capable of amazing feats.
They are far from dead.  We want to
help both the programmer and the user
by providing a way to get quality
software from the programmer to the
user while keeping cost to the user low
and profit to the programmer high.

A typical software package, complete
with documentation, would be priced at
about $20.00 with about $10.00 going to
the author.  MAX takes care of the
details!


         
         |How Can MAX Do That?|
         

Simple!  MAX uses -low tech- systems to
duplicate the disk and documents.
There is no big overhead so MAX can
keep costs way down.  We pass this
savings on to the users and still
return a large percent to the
programmer.

All programs are sent on high quality
diskettes with clear, easy to read
documentation.  All diskettes are
guaranteed for life against failure.
Update policies vary depending on the
program in question and are fully
documented with the software.

MAX Systems DOES NOT use copy
protection.  Copy protection simply
adds to the cost.  If someone really
wants to copy the program, they will
do so, no matter what you do to the
disk.  Instead, the programs are very
document dependant.  Someone may copy a
disk, but they won't sit down and type
in 40 pages of docs!

MAX uses -no frills- packaging.  Sure,
that four color slick paper box looks
nice, but does it make the program run
better?  No, it doesn't.  So, why add
that cost?  We at MAX see no reason for
fancy packages.

MAX is mail order only, so we don't
have to support a dealer network.
Dealer orders are, of course, welcome,
but they are treated just like any
other order, with the exception of
pricing for large quantities.  Most
software packages have a quantity
discount that is available to anyone
that wants to order in larger supplies,
such as a User Group or dealer.

MAX advertises by modem.  By the use of
the national online data services and
BBSes throughout the country, MAX
reaches the people who need software.
Why pay $10,000.00 or more for an ad in
a magazine when as many people can be
reached by modem for less than $5.00?


   
   |Isn't MAX Just Another PD Place?|
   

There are many companies now in the
business of -selling- PD software.  For
$5-$10, you get a disk of useless
programs with maybe one good one mixed
in.  No documentation, no support.  Not
only do we at MAX feel that this is NOT
the way to get quality software, we
also question if it is even legal due
to copyright laws, but we are not
lawyers.

Instead, the programs offered by MAX
Systems are ALL copyrighted programs.
Each one is registered with the United
States Copyright Office.  The author
retains ownership of the program and
grants MAX the permission to distribute
the program.  This provides the author
and MAX a legal recourse against
anyone who -pirates- the software.

As you can see, we are far from just
another PD software disk maker!



|What Benefits to Programmers Does MAX|
|               Offer?                |


The benefits are many.  First off, your
program is REALLY copyrighted!  It is
registered with the US government!

Next, MAX handles the details like disk
duplication, printing of docs,
shipping, order taking, and other
-paper shuffling-.  That leaves you
free to do what you do best--program.

MAX also deals with the money side.
Each quarter, MAX will send you a
royalty statement and check based on
the sales of your program(s).  To
guarantee your royalties, each time a
copy of your program is sold, MAX
places your royalty payment in a
special bank account.  Quarterly
payments are made from this account to
you.  MAX deals with bad checks, etc.
from users so you don't have to.

The bottom line?  Just sit back and
enjoy the extra income four times a
year!


 
 |What Does it Cost Me to Let MAX Sell|
 |            My Program?             |
 

Nothing!  All that MAX requires from
you is that you provide the program and
COMPLETE documentation in a standard,
non-protected disk file format for the
machine that you have written it for.

MAX may, from time to time, contact you
with technical questions from users.
MAX may also ask for new versions
and/or updates as needed.

MAX does reserve the right to edit the
documentation for clarity, but you will
always be asked for approval of the
revised docs.  It is, after all, your
program!


  
  |What About Credit for the Program?|
  

You are encouraged to have your name
appear on the title screen of the
program.  We want the users to know
that you wrote it!

MAX also requires that -Distributed by
MAX Systems- appear somewhere in the
program for the users to see.

We encourage you to refer questions
about the program to MAX.  This way,
you won't be bothered except for real
problems.


        
        |What About Questions?|
        

Many programmers rely on questions from
users as feedback for future revisions.
MAX understands this!  We will maintain
a file of questions, comments, and
problems from users and will be happy
to provide this to the programmers.


   
   |What Machines Does MAX Support?|
   

At this time, MAX supports the
following computers:

                 Atari    

              400    800

        600XL    800XL   1200XL

             130XE   XEGS


               Commodore  

           64 <all versions>

              128    128D

We will be adding other machines in the
future such as the Atari ST, Amiga, and
IBM.

We are, as always, open to comments and
suggestions for what machines to
support, so please feel free to drop us
a note!


 
 |What Sort of Programs is MAX Looking|  |                For?                |
 

Just about anything!  Games, utilities,
applications, whatever!

In the Commodore area, there seems to
be a lack of serious applications
software right now, but games are
always popular.

For the Atari, again games are always
good, but there too is a lack of good
applications.

The language that the program was
written in is not important.  BASIC,
compiled BASIC, C, assembler, Action!,
Pascal, whatever.  Remember that in
order to copyright your program, MAX
must have the COMPLETE source code
listing no matter what the language
used!


    
    |What Does MAX Offer the Users?|
    

In one word, support.  Not only are
they getting a piece of quality
software with complete documents, but
they know where they can reach MAX
Systems if they have a problem or
question.

The user will also get a sense of
support from themselves, knowing that
they are doing something to help their
own machine by purchasing a product
written by an independent programmer.


  
  |So, How Do I Get More Information?|
  

This is just an introduction to MAX
Systems.  If you are a programmer and
are interested in more information
about MAX and how to submit a program
to us, please send a SELF ADDRESSED
STAMPED ENVELOPE to:

              MAX Systems
              Suite 6-216
          4005 Manzanita Ave.
             Carmicael, CA
              95609-4005
          ATTN: Marty Albert


MAX can also be reached on GEnie at
address:

                MARTY.A

Please be sure to tell us what machine
that you are interested in programming!


             Thanks again!


              Marty Albert

                    


       
       |ATARI USERS ASSOCIATION|
       
        
        |by Robert J. Guadagno|
        


I would like to take this time to
introduce myself.  I am
Robert J. Guadagno, President of the
Atari Users Association (A.U.A.).  I am
writing you all to give you a better
understanding of what the A.U.A. is
trying to do for the ATARI community.



 Slight History:

The A.U.A. was started by myself a year
ago while I was reading an article in a
now expired Atari magazine that
expressed how Atari was annoyed at the
amount of letters they were receiving
from users and user groups making
outrageous demands on Atari Corp. for
little things.  It went on to say
that Atari was hoping to hear from its
supporters, but in a more ORDERLY
fashion.  While reading this (you may
say the LIGHT came on) I thought of the
Atari Users Association, a group with
the sole intention of -merging- Atari
users and user groups to form ONE
ORGANIZED NETWORK of Atari supporters.

This group (that became the A.U.A.)
will NOT -take over- any user group,
but, in turn, will take it's members
voices, and add them to ours.  The
Atari Users Association will not PRY
into ANY user groups' business unless
the officers of that group wishes the
A.U.A. to do so.  The A.U.A. is a
support group ONLY, made to better
SERVE the Atari community as well as
Atari themselves.  Right now the A.U.A.
is only 300 members weak!.  Why weak?
There were over ONE MILLION Atari
computers sold in the United States
and Canada, and as members of the Atari
community, we are greatly out-numbered.
The Atari Users Association needs YOUR
help, YOUR numbers, YOUR voices, to
make Atari #1 again.


    
    |What the A.U.A. Intends to Do|
    

> Write-in campaigns:  (quite the
    same as Antic Publication's
    -SpringBoard- write-in -News Room-
    campaign) For better software
    support for the ST and 8-Bit Atari
    computers.

> Information exchange:  To keep the
    Atari users informed about the
    Atari community at large.

> Company contact:  To talk to the
    software and accessory companies,
    to let them know WE are behind
    them, give them ideas as to what
    we, as Atari users would like to
    see (the A.U.A. has a contact with
    Spectrum HoloByte, and have been
    speaking to them about the FALCON
    matter) to show THEM that we
    SUPPORT them, and will continue to
    do so.


The Atari Users Association feels that
a POWERFUL ORGANIZED VOICE is necessary
to communicate our thoughts to Atari,
and to the MYRIAD of software and
add-on hardware vendors.  The Atari
community is labeled as being a
-risk-group---it is the Atari Users
Associations job to STOP that manner of
thinking.

The A.U.A. is NOT -waging war- on IBM,
Apple, or Commodore--instead, we are
trying to organize the efforts and the
voices of the Atari users and user
groups to BETTER the standing of Atari
in the computer industry, to let the
software companies know that we ARE
worth more than one title a QUARTER.


 
 |What the A.U.A. Has in the Works Now|
 

> The Atari Users Association has
    made every effort to talk to
    Electronic Arts, to get MOST of the
    software NOW available for MOST
    computers available for the Atari
    computers, each call was met with a
    disappointing end.  The A.U.A.
    feels that a WRITE-IN organized
    PETITION to Electronic Arts WILL
    get results...by sending 10,000
    letters of demand at once in one
    package we will get MORE attention
    than 10,000 sent in all alone at
    different times.


I thank you ALL for your time, and I
hope you will ALL add your voice to
ours.

               Sincerely,
           Robert J. Guadagno
  President, Atari Users Association


If you have any questions or
suggestions please leave them to me on
the FoReM Fnet at:

                NODE 133
              Hologram Inc.
             (201) 727-1914

addressed to COMIC-KID or call:

             (201) 290-2242

or write to us at the address below.

               THANK YOU!

         Atari Users Association
          c/o Software Spectrum
              267 Main St.
           Matawan, NJ  07747


 ------------->Clip Here<--------------

        Atari User's Association
         Membership Application
         [Personal Information]
 ______________________________________

First Name:________________
Last Name:_________________
Phone#:(   )    -     

Address:___________________
City/Town:_________________
State:____ Zip:_______

_______________________________________

[] Put me on the membership directory
   (Directory lists all A.U.A. members)
_______________________________________
           |Areas Of Interest|

  [Hardware]           [Software]

[] Atari 8-bit      [] Accounting/Home
                       finance
[] Atari 520 ST     [] BBS Software
[] Atari 1040 ST    [] Cad/Cyber
[] Atari Mega       [] Communications
   (2 or 4)         [] Databases
                    [] Desktop
                       Publishing
       ST           [] Games/
   [Drive(s)]          Entertainment
[] SS/DD            [] Graphic(s)
[] DS/DD            [] Languages/
                       Programming
[] Hard Drive(s)    [] Spreadsheets
                    [] Word Processing
                    [] Other:
                       ________________
 [Printer(s)]          ________________
[] 9 Pin Dot Matrix    ________________
[] 24 Pin Dot Matrix
[] Laser
[] Other:___________

 [Monitor(s)]
[] Color Monitor (SC1224)
[] Monochrome (SM124)
[] 19- Monochrome
[] Other:___________

 [Modem(s)]

[] 300 Baud
[] 1200 Baud
[] 2400 Baud
[] 9600 Baud
[] Other:
   _________________
   _________________
   _________________

Do you run a BBs?      Name of your
Yes []  No []          Disk Drive(s)?
                       ________________
Name of your printer   ________________
____________________   ________________
____________________
Name of your modem(s)  Favorite
                       software titles?
____________________
____________________   ________________
                       ________________
                       ________________
Name of user's group?  User's group BBs
                       name?            ____________________
____________________   ________________
____________________   ________________
____________________   ________________
                       ________________
Favorite BBs name?
__________________
__________________

                Mail to:

Atari Users Association
c/o Software Spectrum
267 Main St.
Matawan, NJ  07747

Hologram Inc.
Node 133
201/727-1914
Member of the A.U.A.


--------------->Clip Here<-------------


                    


 
 |   Rovac Industries, Incorporated  |
 | P.O. Box 74, Middlesex, NJ 08846  |
 |          (201) 968-8148           |
 |Copyright 1989  All Rights Reserved|
 

        CompuServe: 71777,2140
             GEnie: ZMAGAZINE
            Source: BDG793

     ZMagazine Headquarters BBSes:     
      Centurian BBS--(314)621-5046
                     (618)451-0165
          Chaos BBS--(517)371-1106
       Shadow Haven--(916)962-2566
 Stairway to Heaven--(216)784-0574
            The Pub--(716)826-5733
