
                             
                             
                            
                           
                          
                         
                        
          
          |  ROVAC ZMAGAZINE  |
          |    Issue  #167    |
          |   July 25, 1989   |
          |Copyright 1989, RII|
          
                 
                
               
                           
                            
                             
 
 
 
        
        |This week in ZMagazine|
        
 


          Baker Solitare 
              Frank Walters

   CompuServe New 8-bit Uploads 

        Chameleon Software 

     GEnie New 8-bit Uploads 

    Ketuckiana Atari Fest '89 

   Z*NET Newswire 8-bit Edition 
             Harold Brewer

                    


            
            |BAKER SOLITARE|
            
           
           |by Frank Walters|
           

           T.A.C.O. BELL BBS





                     
 |T         |                      
 |`     |                
           
 |9         |           
 |`     |             
                       
 |8         |                   
 |`     ||     |            
 |    || ' | ' 
 |        |  || || | || | | | |
 |      |    
 |      |                      
 |        |        
 |    |    |by Tom Cline|    
 |     `|        
 |         8|                      
                       




I came across this gem of a card game
in the March, 1989 Antic Magazine.  If
you have this issue and have not tried
the program, I would recommend you get
it out and give it a whirl.

There are so few new programs for the
Atari these days that a worthwhile one
should be given a chance.  I have
become addicted to it and play it a few
times almost every day.  The original
listing has an annoying error that
sometimes rears its ugly head in the
middle of an interesting game.  If you
insert this TRAP statement in line 620,
it will prevent the game from stopping:

620 TRAP 620:X=USR(...

The error is due to calculation for a
Block Transfer of cards from one column
to another. There is some anomaly in
the formula and the TRAP will prevent
the move if the error should occur and
allow you to make the transfer a single
card at a time.  The Block Transfer is
just a short cut to save time, so the
modification does not affect the actual
play of the game.  I did send a letter
to Antic explaining the error and my
quick-fix, but I never received an
answer, nor did they publish any sort
of correction that I know about.

The idea of the game is to build from
the Aces up to Kings on each of the
four suit (color) terminal piles.  The
deal consists of all 52 cards in eight
columns, face up. There are four single
card -Parking spaces- at the upper left
and the four -Terminal piles- at the
upper right.  You move one card at a
time from the bottom of any column to
either an empty Parking space, Terminal
pile, or build on another column.  To
build, the cards must be the same color
and in descending order from King to
Two.  The Ace must of course be placed
in the terminal pile.

      
      |  * K * *      3 A * *  |
      |P                      T|
      |  j k l m      w x y z  |
      
      | a  b  c  d  e  f  g  h |
      |                        |
      | 7  T  T  K  9  Q  4  2 |
      | T  K  Q  7  J  7  5  9 |
      | A  7  6  6  Q  4  8  J |
      | 4  T  8  5  Q  8  3  J |
      | 8  5        9  J  A  6 |
      | 9  6        3     2  5 |
      |    K                 4 |
      |                      3 |
      |                      2 |
      |                        |
      

Since you are limited to moving a
single card at a time, you cannot move
a block of cards from one pile to
another, unless some intermediate
spaces or cards are available.  If you
have 2 open spaces in the Parking area,
you could move a block of Blue 8,7,6 to
the Blue 9 in another column.  The 7
and 6 go in the Parking, move the 8 on
the 9 and then the 7 and 6 from the
Parking to the new column.  Any column
that becomes empty may be used to build
starting with any card, it doesn't have
to be a King.

The moves are nicely handled with the
keyboard GET routine.  Each column and
space is indicated by a letter.  You
simply type the letter of the source
column first, followed by the letter
of the destination column.  The card is
then moved if it is a legal move.  Any
illegal move is indicated by a flashing
pause, and you are returned to try a
different move.

The play screen is a pleasing Graphics
1 with modified characters which allow
lower case letters for identification
of columns, and upper case letters and
numbers for the cards in four colors.

The game also has easier versions that
allow you to play with only two or
three suits instead of four.  The
number of columns are reduced in the
deal, according to the total number of
cards dealt.

One of the things I like most about
this solitaire card game is the ESC
feature that allows you to start over
and re-deal when the situation has
become hopeless.  Since all of the
cards are dealt face up, you can
sometimes see the impossibility of a
solution almost immediately and simply
hit ESC to get another shuffle and
deal.  You don't have to wade through
half the deck to uncover turned-down
cards only to find it hopelessly
blocked.

There is another neat feature:  the
SPACE allows you to take back the
previous moves if you change your mind
and want to try a different approach.
You can use the P key to mark your
current position and a tone beeps.
After making a series of moves, you can
cancel the moves by pressing the SPACE
repeatedly until you hear the beep
again.  Your cards are then in the
position where you marked them before.

The Block move mentioned above still
works with the modification.  You
simply type T as the first letter. The
'T' at the upper right changes color
and then type the source column letter
and destination letter and the block
move will take place if the program can
figure a way.  If not, you may be able
to make the move one-at-a-time anyway,
which I found to frequently be the
case.

I have had many hours of enjoyment from
this game and anyone who likes card
games should find this a satisfying
challenge.  It is easy to learn and the
Escape feature removes the frustration
so often encountered in solitaire
games.  I hope others will give this
game a good trial, I think you will
find it a pleasant surprise.

(NOTE: The title at the top of this
       article is not part of the game
       program--I just made it up.)

                    


     
     |COMPUSERVE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
     

Courtesy of CompuServe's Atari8 Library


 
 Uploader address
 Filename/type
          Date    Size    Downloads
 

[76004,1764]
FLASH3.TXT
        26-Jul-89 1945    Accesses: 4

    New! Printer driver for Print Shop
    and Print Shop Companion, to work
    with the; Atari 1020
    Printer/Plotter, Okimate 10, and
    the Epson LQ-500/800 (or comp.)
    printers.


[76004,1764]
SALE2B.TXT
        26-Jul-89 1326    Accesses: 4

    In addition to our other items in
    our Super Summer Sale, we have
    added our XF35 Kit, to the list!


[76214,456]
ANOYPR.ARC/binary
        26-Jul-89 1920

    This is the Annoyer Protector! from
    Minefield Productions.


[75236,135]
DET.ARC/binary
        25-Jul-89 4480

    DECIMAL TO ENGLISH TRANSLATOR.


[72750,747]
AVALAN.ARC/binary
        24-Jul-89 2432    Accesses: 3

    THESE BOULDER DASH SCREENS WERE
    DOWNLOADED FROM THE ST SIG, I THEN
    RECREATED THEM FOR THE 8-BIT


[72677,3520]
DREAMO.AMP/binary
        22-Jul-89 9472    Accesses: 7

    Aerosmith's 'Dream On', in AMP 2
    format


[71450,1050]
AELPD.TXT
        21-Jul-89 26752   Accesses: 9

    This is the latest edition of The
    Atari Exchange Of Louisville Atari
    8-bit PD Library Catalog.


[71450,1050]
BBSREP.TXT
        21-Jul-89 5760    Accesses: 5

    This is the Atari Scene! Local BBS
    Report that includes BBSes in
    Indiana (812) and Kentucky (502).


[71450,1050]
LDBBS.TXT
        21-Jul-89 10496   Accesses: 18

    This is the Atari Scene!
    Long-Distance BBS Report.


[71450,1050]
SDAAT8.TXT
        21-Jul-89 7808    Accesses: 57

    This is the latest price listing of
    Atari 8-bit products that are
    available from Software Discounters
    Of America (GO SDA).


[71511,2713]
DSKMST.OBJ/binary
        19-Jul-89 8176    Accesses: 24

    DISK EDITOR AND DISSASSEMBLER WITH
    LABELS FROM JULY 89 ANALOG MAGAZINE


[72750,476]
DXEFIX.ARC/binary
        19-Jul-89 640     Accesses: 27

    This fixes the bug in DOS-XE which
    prevents copying files from DOS-XE
    disks to DOS 2.0/2.5 disks.


[71511,415]
DTQ.COM/binary
        17-Jul-89 2341    Accesses: 26

    This is a module for DETERM that
    will implement the CIS Quick B
    transfer protocol.


[71450,1050]
COLRAD.TXT
        14-Jul-89 14847   Accesses: 23

    This is the latest version of my
    tutorial file on viewing and
    displaying the weather maps on
    CompuServe with an Atari 8-bit.


[71450,1050]
TOMHWK.TXT
        14-Jul-89 4352    Accesses: 16

    This is a review of Tomahawk by
    DataSoft written by Rich Link,
    SysOp of The Atari Scene! BBS (502)
    456-4292.


[72460,646]
PHONE.ARC/binary
        13-Jul-89 2669    Accesses: 34

    This program will print out the
    possible mnemonics or names that
    your phone number might represent.


[71511,415]
CLISDX.COM/binary
        12-Jul-89 929     Accesses: 28

    CLISDX.COM is a module for Determ
    v1.59. It works with SpartaDos X
    and/or SpartaDos 3.2.


[71511,415]
CLISDX.DOC
        12-Jul-89 1128    Accesses: 30

    Documentation for CLISDX.COM, a
    DeTerm module that implements a
    Command Line Interface for SDX
    users.


[71511,415]
DTBAT.DOC
        12-Jul-89 2026    Accesses: 32

    Documentation for DTBAT.COM, batch
    file handler for DeTerm


[71511,415]
DTWHAT.COM/binary
        12-Jul-89 867     Accesses: 22

    DTWHAT is a small utility for
    DeTerm v1.59.


[71511,415]
DTWHAT.DOC
        12-Jul-89 1301    Accesses: 25

    Documentation for DTWHAT.COM -- use
    this module in DeTerm to look at a
    disk file and determine what kind
    of file it is.


[73257,330]
CHRONO.DCM/binary
        12-Jul-89 6119    Accesses: 13

    Master of Chronos - a level 11
    Alternate Reality the city
    Character.


[71777,2140]
Z165.ARC/binary
        11-Jul-89 15744   Accesses: 36

    ZMagazine #165 for July 11, 1989.


[71777,2140]
ZINDX5.TXT/binary
        11-Jul-89 7936    Accesses: 12

    Index of articles appearing in
    Zmagazine issues 138 to 163.


[72457,1212]
CONVER.ARC/binary
        11-Jul-89 7680    Accesses: 17

    THE ULTIMATE MEASUREMENT CONVERSION
    PROGRAM ....WRITTEN IN ATARI BASIC.

                    


          
          |CHAMELEON SOFTWARE|
          


          FELLOW ATARI LOVERS

I am proud to announce a new software
company dedicated to 8-Bit Ataris.

 . . . . .CHAMELEON  SOFTWARE. . . . .


CHAMELEON SOFTWARE will change the way
you use your ATARI.

 [][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][][]

Having had a small business of my own,
I know how important an ATARI computer
can be to business.  The problem has
always been that there was no easy way
to use programs; no programs you could
change to fit your needs; no programs
that would do the simple business
problems.  Oh sure, you could use a
spread sheet and a accounting program,
plus a word processor, and maybe even a
data base.  But these programs were
usually only good for big jobs--WHAT
ABOUT THE SMALL ONES?

Well, I got frustrated enough that I
decided to write a series of
interactive programs that would take
care of all these little business
problems without causing new ones.  The
name of these new programs is:

 . . . . MY FINGERTIP BUSINESS . . . .

My Fingertip Business is made up of the
following two main programs:

     FT1 - 1. Fingertip Calender+
              a. Includes -go get'um-
                 quote of the day
           2. Fingertip Clock
           3. Disk Functions
           4. Premade ready to print
              forms
              a. Conditional Sale
                 Agreement
              b. Promissory Note
              c. Indemnity Agreement
              d. General Release
           5. Built-in Instructions 
           6. Error traping

     FT2 - 1. Limited Power of Attorney
           2. Request for Price Quote
           3. Overdue Account Balance
           4. Dishonored Check Notice
           5. Customer Profile
           6. Sales Invoice/Order form

Coming Soon--Fingertip Phone Directory
(release 9/15/89)

             Fingertip Mailing Labels
(to be announced)

             Fingertip appointment Book
(release 9/15/89)

             Fingertip calculator
(to be announced)

             Fingertip Mini-Ledger
(to be announced)


All Fingertip programs are written in
BASIC.  I wrote these programs in BASIC
so they could be customized by the
user.  What good is a program if you
can't make it fit YOUR needs?!?!  If,
however, you are not interested in
changing the program, it will be sent
to you in compiled BASIC.

For the 130XE or upgraded 800XL user,
these programs are RAMdisk resident.
That in itself is a very important
feature that will save you plenty of
valuable time--switch from FT1 to FT2
in seconds.

All forms can be saved to disk for your
records, or you can pull them up with
your word processor if you wish to make
a quick change to one form but don't
want to change the program.

I have elected to use MYDOS as the
operating system, and $1.00 of the
Fingertip Business purchase price will
be sent to MYDOS's creator Bob Puff.
The programs work just as well with
ATARI DOS 2.5, but MYDOS is preferred
for those of you who have a RAMdisk
larger than 64k.

The purchase price of the FINGERTIP
BUSINESS (includes FT1 & FT2) is only
$12.95 + $1.50 shipping &
handling--Total price $14.45.  To
order, simply fill out the attached
order form and mail to:

          Chameleon Software
        1013 Marvern Drive East
         Chambersburg, PA 17201
        ATTN: Fingertip Business

 --------------------------------------
          FINGERTIP BUSINESS

Name:__________________________________

     __________________________________


Address:_______________________________

        _______________________________

City,ST,ZIP:___________________________

            ___________________________

Phone:____________________

RAMdisk?______________ size____________

Atari 8bit model:_____________________


Enclose $12.95 plus $1.50 shipping and
handling / Total $14.45 check or Money
order.  Allow 2 weeks for delivery.
Outside USA add $1.00 to shipping
charge.

          CHAMELEON SOFTWARE
 --------------------------------------

If you have any suggestions or a
program that you feel would enhance
FINGERTIP BUSINESS, please write to the
above address.  We want your input!!!

All future program updates and
additions will be sold for $5.95 to
registered FINGERTIP BUSINESS owners.

This program will not work with 40
column printers, but should work on any
80 column daisy wheel or dot matrix
printer.  There are no graphics to be
printed, just clean business forms.
Therefore, I have developed these forms
with little or no printer codes.

One disk drive is required; two disk
drives is optional; works great with
hard drives configured with MYDOS or
equivalent.

Author's Note:  If you have never tried
programing in Atari BASIC--YOU SURE
HAVE MISSED THE ATARI BOAT!!
Programing in BASIC is fun, rewarding,
and challenging.  Nothing is more
rewarding than watching something you
thought of yesterday start to work
today.  Take a little time and
experiment with BASIC, but be careful:
your wife might think she is a
widow--mine sure does.

Regardless of how my program is
accepted by my fellow Atarians, I would
like to thank and recommend the
following books and publications as
excellent sources for answers and
examples:

    Antic Magazine(subscribe today)
    Your Atari Computer(Ion Poole)
 Atari XE Handbook(Weber Systems, Inc.)
     Basic Atari Basic(James Coan)
    Analog Magazine(subscribe today)

          . . . THANK YOU!

                    


        
        |GENIE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
        

Courtesy of GEnie's 8-bit Atari Library


 
 No.  File Name
      YYMMDD   Bytes   Access Lib
 

 4497 HDPALMAC65.ARC
      890725   20160      2  27
      Desc: MAC65 SOURCE TO HARDRIVE
            ARCER PAL

 4496 AMPALMAC65.ARC
      890725   17640      2  27
      Desc: Source to AM.PAL module in
            MAC65

 4495 CRPALMAC65.ARC
      890725   11340      2  27
      Desc: Source to CR.PAL module in
            MAC65

 4494 GLUPALMAC65.ARC
      890725   22680      2  27
      Desc: Source to GLU.PAL module in
            MAC65

 4493 COMPREP.ARC
      890723   61740     19  11
      Desc: Software&hardware from
            Comp.Repeats

 4492 LOGPAL.GLU
      890722   10080      3  27
      Desc: Log for PAL/OASIS4.5 MAC65
            GLU file

 4491 MAC65OASISPAL30.ARC
      890721   11340      5  27
      Desc: MAC65 equates for OASIS.PAL
            V3.0

 4489 EXPSELECT.ARC
      890721    3780     15  24
      Desc: Utility to enable or
            disable cart.

 4488 AMIGA2.ARC
      890720   30240     44  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga graphics
            conversions

 4487 AMIGA1.ARC
      890720   30240     45  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga graphics
            conversions

 4485 DMASTER.OBJ
      890719    8820     35  16
      Desc: SECTOR EDITOR AND
            DISASSEMBLER FROM

 4484 Z166.ARC
      890719   16380     72  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #166 for 18 July
            1989

 4483 EXPRESSREVIEW.ARC
      890718    3780     38   8
      Desc: Individual EXPRESS! cart
            review.

 4482 FINGERPR.TXT
      890718    6300     35   9
      Desc: SMALL BUSINESS PACKAGE

 4481 MAGAZINES/DISKS FOR SALE
      890717    3780      8  11
      Desc: Major Atari mags, programs
            on disk

 4480 OASISREVIEW45.ARC
      890716   18900     10  27
      Desc: Review for Atari8 User
            Groups

 4479 APACSHOW.OBJ
      890715    3780     41   4
      Desc: Slide show for APAC (.PI9)
            files

 4478 RAMDISK1088K.COM
      890715    6300     16   2
      Desc: FORMAT RAMDISK 1088K FOR
            130XE

 4477 T816SYSDOC.ASC
      890715   17640      7  25
      Desc: Turbo-OS System
            Documentation

 4476 ZINDX138.TXT
      890711    8820     30  13
      Desc: ZMag index for #s 138 thru
            163

 4475 Z165.ARC
      890711   16380     78  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #165 for 11 July,
            1989

 4474 CONVERT.ARC
      890710    2520     23   1
      Desc: CONVERT BYTES TO
            SECTORS-D/L HELP

                    


      
      |KENTUCKIANA ATARI FEST '89|
      


             PRESS RELEASE
              

KENTUCKIANA ATARI FEST '89
Sheraton Lakeview Hotel
Clarksville,Indiana (Louisville,Ky.)
October 28 - October 29, 1989

The Kentuckiana Atari Fest '89 will be
held on the weekend of October 28th and
29th, 1989, at the Sheraton Lakeview
Hotel in Clarksville,IN, which is
located 1 mile from Louisville,KY.

Atari Corp. is expected to attend this
event, and we have tenative commitments
from ICD, Mastertronics, Innovative
Concepts, and other Atari dealers and
developers for attendance and/or
participation at the show or with the
related events of the show.

We will also have seminars and
conferences on Atari related products
and information, including a users
group forum with representatives from
users groups across the nation
attending.

A special package deal has been set up
for this convention, with the package
including 2 nights at the Sheraton
Lakeview hotel, and 4 meals (breakfast
and dinner) daily for 1 person.  The
room is a single or double bed room
with a 1-4 person occupancy.
Additional meal packages, and optional
lunches will also be available for this
event.

We hope to make this an annual affair,
but it will require your help and
support to pull it off.

I hope to see you there, and thank you
for your support.

     Sincerely,
     Lawrence R. Estep
     Convention Coordinator


       Kentuckiana Atari Fest '89 
         October 28 and 29, 1989  

Sheraton Lakeview Hotel
Clarksville,Indiana
(1 mile from Louisville,Ky.)

Calendar Of Events as of 07/26/89

Saturday October 28
 Breakfast Buffet        9:30 A.M.
 Convention Opens       11:00 A.M.
 Optional Lunch Buffet   1:00 P.M.
 Convention Closes       5:30 P.M.
 Formal Dinner
  (Roast Beef or Turkey w/dressing)
                         7:00 P.M.

Sunday October 29
 Breakfast Buffet        9:00 A.M.
 Convention Opens       10:30 A.M.
 Optional Lunch Buffet  12:30 P.M.
 Convention Closes       4:00 P.M.
 Dinner Buffet
  (Country Fried Chicken)
                         6:00 P.M.


         SPECIAL PACKAGE DEAL
         
2 nights w/1 meal package       $159.95
2 nights w/2 meal packages      $199.95
Extra meal packages             $ 45.00
(Meal packages are available without
 the reservation package)
Additional night                $ 59.95
Optional Lunch Buffet package   $ 24.95

Individual Meal prices available upon
request.

Children under 3 eat free
Children under 10 eat for half price

Call (812) 944-8997 now to place your
reservations, or for more information.

Interested dealers, user groups, or
exhibitors--please read the special
Dealer information file that is on the
Atari Scene! BBS (502) 456-4292, or
call (812) 944-8997 for more details on
how you can be a part of this event.

Phone reservations can be placed with
Visa/Mastercard.

Mail reservations can be placed with
money order, cashiers check, or credit
cards only (made out to Atari Exchange
of Louisville).  Credit card mail
orders require a signed note with
credit card number and expiration date.

Advance reservations received by
September 1, 1989 will receive a free
extra chance in our Atari Raffle to be
held at the convention.

All reservations MUST be received by
October 1, 1989.  Please mail or call
your reservations in TODAY!

Admission to the convention is $3 per
day per person, $5 for a weekend pass
per person, or $12 for a family weekend
pass.

USER GROUP REPRESENTATIVES SHOULD
NOTIFY US WHEN PLACING A RESERVATION OF
THAT FACT, SO A NAMETAG CAN BE MADE UP
FOR THEM.


Assistant Convention Coordinators

Todd Rufer
Charles Crowder
Jason Dickens
Chris Dickens
David Brown

Information is also available on the
Twilight Zone BBS (502) 897-1589, or
the Twilight Zone II BBS
(502) 955-6955.


This file may be reproduced and
distributed freely, provided such
reproductions include the entire
article.


Lawrence R. Estep   07/27/89


     
     |DEALER/USER GROUP/EXHIBITOR|
     | INFORMATION PRESS RELEASE |
     

07/28/89

KENTUCKIANA ATARI FEST '89
October 28-29
Louisville,Kentucky


Set-up fees for dealer/developer/user
group and exhibitor booths is $100 for
the entire weekend.

Booth space will be decided upon by
individual space requirements and order
received.


There will be no developer sales
allowed of products that are available
through mail order dealers, whether
those particular dealers are present
or not.

Dealer sales only, except where
approved by the coordinators.

This will only be done when an item is
sold BY THE DEVELOPER ONLY, and is not
available through ANY dealers.

Product demonstrations of items
available through dealers is
encouraged, but sales of these items
will not be permitted.


The set-up fee includes free admission
for the representatives of your
company who will be working at your
booth.  We must be notified of the
names of these people in advance.  Free
passes and nametags will be available
at the entrance for these people.


For more information, call Lawrence
Estep at (812) 944-8997.


All booth reservations must be received
by September 15,1989.

Reservations after this date will be
charged a $50 additional fee.

-Lawrence Estep
 Convention Coordinator

                    


     
     |Z*NET NEWSWIRE 8-BIT EDITION|
     
           
           |by Harold Brewer|
           


  Alan Reeve, author of Diamond OS,
     Diamond Paint, and Diamond Write,
     gives 8-bitters even more reason
     to be interested in the Diamond
     series:  Diamond Publish hopefully
     will be completed by August 31.

     I'd certainly like to see more
     information on Diamond Publish.
     How about you?


  Ronnie Riche, of TextPro fame,
     announced on GEnie that he is back
     into our 8-bit realm.

     A new version of TextPro (the
     word processor of many Oasis
     SysOps, not to mention the w.p.
     which ZMagazine is published with)
     is planned.  Mr. Riche requests
     TextPro's users' input for the
     new version--any new features
     desired, and any problems
     encountered.


  Computer Software Services's ad
     in the September Antic announces
     the availability of Bob Puff's
     Black Box, Multiplexer, and SuperE
     Burner.

     A quick call to CSS'S Ron Bryant
     cleared up a question I had:
     only The Black Box (of these three
     products) is available, and that
     on a limited basis with either
     0K or 64K.

     Mr. Bryant informed me this ad in
     Antic was supposed to be in the
     October issue (not the September
     issue), and that CSS normally
     has all their advertised items in
     stock.  Tentative release date for
     the Multiplexer is the last of
     August, and for the SuperE burner
     is the last of September.

                    


 
 |   Rovac Industries, Incorporated  |
 | P.O. Box 74, Middlesex, NJ 08846  |
 |          (201) 968-8148           |
 |Copyright 1989  All Rights Reserved|
 

  
     Reprint permission is granted
  providing ZMagazine and the original
         author is credited.
  

        CompuServe: 71777,2140
             GEnie: ZMAGAZINE
            Source: BDG793

     ZMagazine Headquarters BBSes:     
      Centurion BBS--(314)621-5046
                     (618)451-0165
          Chaos BBS--(517)371-1106
       Shadow Haven--(916)962-2566
 Stairway to Heaven--(216)784-0574
            The Pub--(716)826-5733
