

                             
                             
                            
                           
                          
                         
                        
          
          |  ROVAC ZMAGAZINE  |
          |    Issue  #169    |
          |  August 8, 1989   |
          |Copyright 1989, RII|
          
                 
                
               
                           
                            
                             
 
 
 
        
        |This week in ZMagazine|
        
 


        *** Editor's Monitor ***
             Harold Brewer

        *** WAACE AtariFest ***

 *** Express! Cartridge 1.1 Upgrade ***
     Keith Ledbetter and Chris King

  *** CompuServe New 8-bit Uploads ***

  *** Kentuckiana AtariFest Update ***
             Lawrence Estep

    *** GEnie New 8-bit Uploads ***

        *** DemaPrint 1.1 ***
            Chad Portugal

  *** Z*NET Newswire 8-bit Edition ***
             Harold Brewer

 *** DemaPrint 1.1 Program Listing ***

                    


            
            |EDITOR'S DESK|
            
           
           |by Harold Brewer|
           


Apologies go to ZMagazine readers the
past few weeks.  If it wasn't trying
to hurry half a dozen carpenters out of
the apartment in order to get at the
computer, it was a bad back going on
vacation without me--with the
horizontal position being the only one
I could bear to be in.

I have restocked the ZMagazine
storehouse of 8-bit information.  This
should bring the level of ZMag back up
to where it should be.

For the next several weeks, ZMagazine
will again feature embedded BASIC
programs.  In order to extract these
files, use your favorite word processor
to remove all ZMag text, leaving only
the BASIC code.  After saving this to
disk, go to BASIC and ENTER this code.
Then either RUN the program, or SAVE
the program to disk to speed up the
access time.  We hope these programs
can be of service to ZMagazine readers.

This month's featured listing,
DemaPrint, is what I use to print out
ZMags both for checking how true the
40 column margins are, as well as for
hard copy ZMags.

                    


           
           |WAACE ATARIFEST|
           


  Fifth Annual Atarifest Scheduled for
          October 7th and 8th

The Washington Area Atari Computer
Enthusiasts (WAACE) has announced that
the fifth annual Washington D.C. area
Atarifest will be held at Fairfax High
School, 3500 Old Lee Highway, Fairfax,
Virginia on Saturday and Sunday, the
7th and 8th of October.  Atarifest is a
computing exposition featuring the
Atari line of personal and home
computers, as well as the complete line
of entertainment systems.

The show features educational seminars
covering nearly all areas of computing;
demonstrations of various applications
of Atari computers, including MIDI
music, desktop publishing, and
entertainment; and exhibits by software
publishers and hardware manufacturers
showing the latest developments in the
Atari world.

In the past, representatives from Atari
Corporation have been on hand to answer
questions and provide assistance.

This year's theme is -The Atari
Alternative,- and the goal is to show
how Atari computers can be used in
business and in the home.  It will
include demonstrations of both
eight-bit (400/800/XL/XE) and ST
software and hardware.  Whether for
creative endeavors, helping with some
of the household paperwork, or just to
have fun, the organizers of Atarifest
'89 intend to show how the -Atari
Alternative- can meet and beat other
computer systems in its class, and why
Atari Corporation's motto is -Power
Without the Price.-

WAACE is a confederation of Atari user
groups in the Maryland, Virginia, and
Washington, D.C. area, each dedicated
to supporting the Atari community in
their respective areas.  Atarifest is
co-sponsored by the Fairfax County
(Virginia) Public Schools' Office of
Adult and Community Education, and the
emphasis has always been on educating
the public about computers and their
uses.  The 1985 Washington Atarifest
was one of the first such shows, which
are now held in more than 10 cities
across the nation.

Atarifest has grown in popularity,
attracting thousands of attendees each
year.  This year, organizers hope to
attract over 5,000 people.  The show is
open to all persons who have an
interest in computing, and the FREE
ADMISSION and hourly door prizes
(including an Atari hard disk drive)
encourage attendance by those who may
not yet own an Atari computer.  It is
especially designed to have something
of interest for everyone, from diehard
Atarians to mainframe systems managers
to computer neophytes.

Fairfax High School is located at 3500
Old Lee Highway, just off routes 29 and
50 in Fairfax, Virginia.  The school
can conveniently be reached from the
Vienna Metro station (Orange line) by
taking the Fairfax Cue bus.  Hours of
the show are 10:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. on
Saturday, and 1:00 p.m. to 5:00 p.m. on
Sunday.  Most user group demonstrations
will be conducted on Saturday only.

For further information, call John
Barnes at (301) 652-0667.  Vendors
should contact Johna Ogden at
(703)450-3992.

                    


    
    |EXPRESS! CARTRIDGE 1.1 UPGRADE|
    
  
  |by Keith Ledbetter and Chris King|
  


As many of you know, after we shipped
out all of the pre-orders for the
Express! cartridge, we ceased shipping
until those users had used the cart for
three weeks.  The reason for this plan
was an -extended BETA test- period--we
thought we'd give the pre-order
customers a good chance to give the
program a workout and report any
problems found.

The response was excellent, and there
were a few minor problems found.
These problems have all been fixed, and
version 1.1 of the cartridge is now in
full production.  The changes in
version 1.1 contain both bug fixes and
new features recommended by the users.

Here is a partial list of the changes
made in version 1.1:

  1.    If you are dialing from the
        -marked list- and make a
        connection, the program now
        -unmarks- the dialing list
        entry.

  2.    80 column support has been
        greatly improved.   Now, ONLY
        terminal mode data goes to the
        80 column screen; all menuing
        routines go to the 40 column
        screen.

  3.    On all of the protocols that
        -know- the expected size of the
        file that you are downloading
        (Ymodem Batch, SEAlink, and
        Lmodem), the program will ONLY
        save as many bytes as the
        header says the file contains.

        This means that all files sent
        with one of these protocols
        will always be the right size
        once you receive them, without
        the possible mutilation of the
        last block that sometimes
        occurs when the receiving
        program tries to guess at the
        fill character used in the last
        block.

  4.    There is now a Shift/Control/M
        key from terminal mode that
        allows you to set your left
        margin quickly and easily.
        Requested by a user.

  5.    The -word wrap- routine now
        only wraps a word if it crosses
        column 40, not column 39 as in
        version 1.0.  This means that
        full lines with a carriage
        return in column 40 will no
        longer wrap, giving you the
        -double-spaced- look.


This upgrade is a free upgrade to the
v1.0 owners. There are two ways that
you may upgrade your cartridge:

  1.   Send us your cartridge and we
       will replace your Eprom and sent
       it back to you.

  2.   Send us $10.00 (US funds) to
       cover the cost of the Eprom and
       we will ship you a new v1.1
       Eprom, which you can use to
       replace the one in the cartridge
       yourself.

This offer expires December 1st, 1989
and is only offered to owners with the
v1.0 version of the Express! cartridge.

Please send your 1) cartridge OR
2) request for an upgrade with $10.00
to:

           Orion Micro Systems
         Attn: Cart 1.1 Upgrade
         2211 Planters Row Drive
              Midlothian, VA
      (804) 794-9437    6-10pm EST


And, remember that the Express!
Cartridge is now in full production.
If you are a member of a user group,
don't forget that we do give user group
discounts for purchases of more than
five (5) cartridges.  If you need
information on this user group
discount, give Chris a call at our
voice number above.  Single orders are
$69.95, plus $4 shipping and handling.

                    


     
     |COMPUSERVE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
     

Courtesy of CompuServe's Atari8 Library


 
 Uploader address
 Filename/type
          Date    Size    Downloads
 

[74156,3242]
WASHFE.TXT
        09-Aug-89 2980    Accesses: 3

    Press release for the Washington
    D.C. Atarifest


[73520,41]
JUMBLE.ARC/binary
        08-Aug-89 3787    Accesses: 4

    THIS PROGRAM WILL SHOW YOU ALL THE
    COMBINATIONS OF WORDS THAT ARE FOUR
    TO SIX CHARACTERS IN LENGTH.


[71361,411]
ABUSE.TXT
        06-Aug-89 3815    Accesses: 7

    Computer Abuse...is it for real?


[71361,411]
DTP8BT.TXT
        06-Aug-89 5206    Accesses: 8

    8-bit Desktop Publishing on a
    130XE, written by G.L. Ray of the
    Tinker Atari Computer Enthusiasts.


[71361,411]
ED8BIT.TXT
        06-Aug-89 6465    Accesses: 2

    G.L. Ray (TACE) gives us a look at
    using an 8bit Atari in the
    classroom.


[71361,411]
EXPO.TXT
        06-Aug-89 9359    Accesses: 2

    Show report on the Michigan Atari
    Computer Expo held in Romulus, MI
    on May 6 and 7.


[71361,411]
GRCALC.ARC/binary
        06-Aug-89 10139   Accesses: 7

    The GRASS Calculator.


[71361,411]
HAMMER.TXT
       06-Aug-89 4226     Accesses: 5

    A humorous look at how Sledge
    Hammer Hardware and Software plans
    to deal with the problem of piracy.


[71361,411]
MANADD.TXT
       06-Aug-89 3087     Accesses: 1

    Addresses of companies showing new
    game software at CES -- all for the
    ST and none for the 8bit Atari.


[71361,411]
MOUSE.TXT
       06-Aug-89 3761     Accesses: 7

    8-Bit Uses for an ST Mouse, by
    Brent Fisher of the Cascade Atari
    Computer Enthusiasts.


[71361,411]
SCES89.TXT
       06-Aug-89 24062    Accesses: 3

    In-depth report on what Atari,
    Nintendo and Sega were showing at
    the Summer Consumer Electronics
    Show (CES).


[71361,411]
TURBO1.TXT
       06-Aug-89 8139     Accesses: 9

    The first in a series of articles
    from DataQue's Chuck Steinman
    discussing their Turbo-816 16-bit
    upgrade for the 8bit Atari.


[71641,1650]
AIDA.AMP/binary
       05-Aug-89 8960     Accesses: 8

    Triumphal March from -Aida- by
    Giusseppe Verdi for the Antic Music
    Processor.


[71777,2140]
Z168.ARC/binary
       04-Aug-89 9984     Accesses: 14

ZMagazine #168 for 1 August 1989.


[71450,1050]
UPDATE.TXT
       03-Aug-89 1396     Accesses: 13

    This is an update to the
    Kentuckiana Atari Fest '89 press
    releases.


[72327,2231]
CAPTAL.OBJ/binary
       03-Aug-89 7680     Accesses: 47

    A Monopoly-like game of buying
    property and improvements to same.


[76703,1052]
MANDLA.OBJ/binary
       03-Aug-89 5888     Accesses: 34

    MANDALA, an Antic Super Disk Bonus,
    is a spectacular GTIA Graphics
    demo, that allows you to create
    your own kaleidoscope displays.


[76703,1052]
REVERS.BAS/binary
       03-Aug-89 18432    Accesses: 5

    From Antic, HAPPY FACE REVERSI is a
    New Basic version of that very Old
    game REVERSI (aka Othello), for
    either 1 or 2 players.


[76703,1052]
REVERS.DOC
       03-Aug-89 4435     Accesses: 4

    Documentation for REVERS.BAS.


[76703,1052]
SAUCER.BAS/binary
       03-Aug-89 7808     Accesses: 18

    SAUCERIAN is an Antic Basic game
    that challenges you to launch your
    50 interceptor missiles to zap the
    UFOs.


[76703,1052]
TAPTIM.BAS/binary
       03-Aug-89 8064     Accesses: 12

    TAPETIME, from Antic, is a Basic
    utility that will allow you to
    calculate just how much time you
    have LEFT on that VCR tape that you
    started out with Aunt Mary's
    birthday party :-)


[76703,1052]
TAPTIM.DOC
       03-Aug-89 4106     Accesses: 10

    Documentation for TAPTIM.BAS


[71450,1050]
AELPD2.TXT
       01-Aug-89 608      Accesses: 10

    This is the updated AEL PD Library
    article for August 1989.


[71450,1050]
WEA002.TXT
       01-Aug-89 2383     Accesses: 7

    This is the 2nd edition of my
    weather-related Weatherman's
    Wisdom.


[71450,1050]
WINTER.TXT
       01-Aug-89 4164     Accesses: 1

    This is a review of Winter
    Challenge by Thunder Mountain.


[72750,476]
DXEFX2.ARC/binary
       01-Aug-89 640      Accesses: 15

    This fixes the bug in DOS-XE which
    prevents copying files from DOS-XE
    disks to DOS 2.0/2.5 disks.


71641,1650]
RING.ARC/binary
       30-Jul-89 35456    Accesses: 26

    A synthesis of Richard Wagner's
    -Der Ring des Nibelungen- in Antic
    AMP format.


[71777,430]
DTABIN.ARC/binary
       30-Jul-89 6656     Accesses: 10

    DTABIN.ARC contains the file
    DTABIN.BAS and a short DOC.


[73217,2321]
BRIDGE.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 5888     Accesses: 38

    BRIDGE BUILDER is a game wherein
    you must construct a bridge across
    the ravine.


[73217,2321]
BUDGET.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 18432    Accesses: 17

    BUDGETER, from the August 1983
    issue of Analog magazine, is a home
    budget data base and calculator
    program that you can use to
    maintain your family's finances.


[73217,2321]
BUGOUT.OBJ/binary
       30-Jul-89 21760    Accesses: 28

    Use the stick to maneuver your
    rocket and destroy the bugs before
    they take over the world.


[73217,2321]
BUNCRU.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 1664     Accesses: 7

    BUNCRUSH is a utility program that
    is in LISTed format.


[73217,2321]
CAMBOD.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 13056    Accesses: 31

    CAMBODIA is a German import.


[73217,2321]
CAPITL.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 6912     Accesses: 4

    CAPITALS is a geography quiz.


[73217,2321]
CARDFI.BAS/binary
       30-Jul-89 4224     Accesses: 26

    CARDFILE is a mini-database program
    from the August 1984 issue of
    Analog magazine that simulates a
    Rolodex or 3x5 index card filing
    system for whatever you want to
    maintain.


[73627,1500]
CONUN.ARC/binary
       30-Jul-89 3840     Accesses: 24

    Conundrum is a computer puzzle that
    can be played on all Atari 8-bits. 


[73657,62]
TDBOOT.DCM/binary
       30-Jul-89 62848    Accesses: 6

    Boot disk for OASIS test drive, in
    diskcomm format.


[73657,62]
TDDOCS.ARC/binary
       30-Jul-89 43008    Accesses: 6

    4th file of oasis test drive.


[73657,62]
TDMODS.ARC/binary
       30-Jul-89 59136    Accesses: 7

    5th and last (grin) file of the
    oasis test drive.


[73657,62]
TDONE.DCM/binary
       30-Jul-89 67968    Accesses: 6

    2nd disk of oasis test drive, in
    diskcomm format.


[73657,62]
TDTWO.DCM/binary
       30-Jul-89 57344    Accesses: 6

    3rd file of oasis test drive, in
    diskcomm format.


[76327,1066]
BALLSO.OBJ/binary
       28-Jul-89 6438     Accesses: 29

    Ballsong #1 for the Atari.


[76327,1066]
BURGER.ARC/binary
       28-Jul-89 6434     Accesses: 28

    BurgerTime for your Atari! From
    ANALOG, May, 1985.


[71450,1050]
ATAD1.TXT
       27-Jul-89 11904    Accesses: 16

    This is Atari NewsDesk Vol. 1  No.
    1


[71450,1050]
ATFEST.TXT
       27-Jul-89 4096     Accesses: 11

    This is the press release on the
    Kentuckiana Atari Fest '89, to be
    held at the Sheraton Lakeview hotel
    in Clarksville,Indiana on October
    28th and 29th.


[71450,1050]
DEALER.TXT
       27-Jul-89 1408     Accesses: 8

    This is the exhibitor press release
    for the Kentuckiana Atari Fest '89,
    to be held October 28-29,1989 in
    Louisville,Ky./Clarksville,Indiana.


[71777,2140]
Z167.ARC/binary
       27-Jul-89 15744    Accesses: 27

    ZMagazine #167 for 25 July, 1989.

                    


     
     |KENTUCKIANA ATARIFEST UPDATE|
     
          
          |by Lawrence Estep|
          


This is an update to the Kentuckiana
Atari Fest '89 press release.

PD authors are excluded from the DEALER
SALES ONLY policy that has been
initiated for the convention.  PD
authors are encouraged to sell their
programs, and shareware authors are
encouraged to offer registered copies
of their programs for a set fee.

User group booths have been reduced to
$35, providing that at least one group
member purchases a package deal.  If 2
or more members purchase a package
deal, the set-up cost is waived, and
there will be a discouted admission
price for all of that group's members
of $2.50/person for a weekend pass.
User groups that do not have any
members purchasing a package deal will
be charged a reduced set-up rate of
$75.

Participating user groups are
encouraged to participate in a PD and
newsletter swap session during the user
group forum meeting at the convention.

Dealers, developers, and PD authors are
encouraged to make a donation of $50 or
more worth of software and/or hardware
for our Computer Raffle to be held on
Sunday afternoon.

Please distribute this, and the other 2
press releases widely.

Thanks for your support!

Lawrence Estep
Convention Coordinator
(812) 944-8997

ERRATA

The previous press release failed to
mention that all cashier's checks and
money orders should be made out to
Atari Exchange Of Louisville.

                    


        
        |GENIE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
        

Courtesy of GEnie's 8-bit Atari Library


 
 No.  File Name
      YYMMDD   Bytes   Access Lib
 

 4550 SXFORMAT.ACC
      890808    1260      4  26
      Desc: SpartaDOS X Format
            Accessory

 4542 AMIGA_4.ARC
      890806   34020     17  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga Graphics
            conversions

 4541 AMIGA_3.ARC
      890806   31500     18  19
      Desc: Adult amiga graphic
            conversions

 4540 LASTRUMPBAS.ARC
      890806   12600     24  27
      Desc: Basic card game for all
            Atari 8

 4539 BBS10302.ARC
      890805   28980     17  24
      Desc: BBS Express! 1030 - now
            ShareWare!

 4538 BBS10301.ARC
      890805   74340     19  24
      Desc: BBS Express! 1030 - now
            ShareWare!

 4537 SIMON.BAS
      890805    2520     10  10
      Desc: IN THIS GAME YOU MUST KEEP
            TRACK OF

 4536 BBSXDOCS.ARC
      890805   41580     47  24
      Desc: Docs for BBS Express! 850
            and 1030

 4535 BBSX8502.ARC
      890805   30240     40  24
      Desc: BBS Express! 850 - now
            ShareWare!

 4534 BBSX8501.ARC
      890805   66780     36  24
      Desc: BBS Express! 850 now
            ShareWare!

 4533 APACVW12.ARC
      890804   25200     43   4
      Desc: APAC mode GIF file viewer
            V1.2

 4532 BOWL10BAS.DKM
      890804   28980     42  27
      Desc: TENPIN BOWLING GAME ALL 8
            BIT

 4531 TRACKFEVER10.ARC
      890804   22680     31  27
      Desc: DOG TRACK GAME IN BASIC ALL
            8 BIT

 4530 Z168.ARC
      890804   11340     69  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #168 for 1 August
            1989

 4529 EXCART11.TXT
      890804    3780     35  24
      Desc: Info on updating Express
            Cart to 1.1

 4528 EXPSEL12.ARC
      890804    5040     10  24
      Desc: Express! cartridge
            selector.

 4527 CRAZY7.TXT
      890803    6300      9  12
      Desc: CRAZY-EIGHTS #7: REASL LOGO
            CONTEST!

 4525 8BITDTP.TXT
      890801    6300     34  12
      Desc: Article from May issue of
            AIM

 4524 EDUCATION.TXT
      890801    7560      8  12
      Desc: Article from May issue of
            AIM

 4523 MAYAIM.ARC
      890801   26460     18  12
      Desc: Archive of articles from
            May AIM

 4522 GRASSCAL.ARC
      890801   11340     24  12
      Desc: Calculator prg from GRASS

 4521 NECROMAN.TXT
      890801    6300      4  12
      Desc: Review from April issue of
            AIM

 4520 BOBPUFF.TXT
      890801    8820     37  12
      Desc: Indepth article from April
            AIM

 4519 APRILAIM.ARC
      890801   49140     14  12
      Desc: Archived file of April AIM

 4518 CLRESCOM.ARC
      890801   13860      3  27
      Desc: .COM FILE TO EDIT COLOR
            CODES
 4517 WEDGE20.ARC
      890731   27720     42  22
      Desc: sparta 3.2 128k only util,
            see desc

 4516 CONTENTS76.TXT
      890730    2520     26  23
      Desc: ANALOG Sept. 89 Preview

 4515 DOCEQU01.ARC
      890730    7560      5  27
      Desc: Part one revised MAC65
            Equates

 4513 LIFE.ARC
      890728   26460     55  10
      Desc: New Life game by Anthony
            Ramos

 4512 DISCAPE.DCM
      890728   81900     59   7
      Desc: Full disk of graphics/sound
            demos

 4511 GIRLPICS.ARC
      890728   44100     85  19
      Desc: Scrolling girlie pics by
            Tony Ramos

 4510 RAMOSPC1.ARC
      890728   44100     23   6
      Desc: Koala Pictures by Anthony
            Ramos

 4509 RAMOSPC2.ARC
      890728   61740     21   6
      Desc: More Koala Pics by Anthony
            Ramos

 4508 RAMOSPC3.ARC
      890728   40320     22   6
      Desc: Even more pics by Anthony
            Ramos

 4507 RAMOSAMS.ARC
      890728   28980     17   5
      Desc: AMS tunes provided by
            Anthony Ramos

 4506 TWOOASISTD.DKM
      890728   60480     11  27
      Desc: DISKCOMM OF OASIS TD 3 OF 3

 4505 ONEOASISTD.DKM
      890728   70560      8  27
      Desc: Diskcomm of OASIS TD 2 of 3

 4504 BOOTOASISTD.DKM
      890728   65520      8  27
      Desc: 1 OF 3 DISKCOMM OASIS TEST
            DRIVE

 4503 MODOASISTD.ARC
      890728   61740      9  27
      Desc: External optional modules
            OASIS TD

 4502 DOCOASISTD.ARC
      890728   45360     16  27
      Desc: Documentation for OASIS
            Test Drive

 4501 Z167.ARC
      890727   16380     96  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #167 for 25 July,
            1989

 4500 MEMORYXE.M65
      890726    6300     14  26
      Desc: 130XE Memory Driver for
            Diamond

 4499 JOYSTICK.M65
      890726    2520     11  26
      Desc: Joystick Driver for Diamond
            GOS

 4498 XON.BAS
      890726    1260     10  26
      Desc: SDX Utility

                    


            
            |DEMAPRINT 1.1|
            
           
           |by Chad Portugal|
           

               Shareware
               

 DemaPrint 1.1 (C)1987 by DemaSoft(tm)

  Prints your text files in ATASCII to
      your EPSON or GEMINI printers   


I originally wrote this program to
print out my BASIC programs (way back
when...), but have found many other
uses for it.  It is great for big text
files or spreadsheet listings due to
the 120 characters per line capability.
I've loaded it with a lot of little
features I hope you will enjoy.  Here
is a run down of the necessary inputs:


File to print:

This may include any character up to 50
characters. You must include the
initial device name.


Normal or Double width characters:

This option allows you to use two
character formats. Normal will allow
you to fit up to 120 characters on one
line.  Double will only allow 60
characters on a line.


Line width:

This option puts a limit on the number
of characters allowed per column line
based on the normal/double width
selection.  See also -Column separation
character- below.


Columns per page:

The program allows for multiple columns
(like a newspaper).  Based on the
selected column width, it will fit the
number of columns allowed by the
maximum number of characters via the
normal/double width selection.


Column separation character:

This is the character that will
separate the columns from one another.
The vertical bar is the default, but
any character (including a space) is
possible.  Remember that when you
choose your column width, you must also
compensate for this character (subtract
1).


Total lines per page:

The maximum you can fit onto one page
is 100 lines.  The 90 line default
makes prints cut nicely over the
perforation.


Page numbering:

Answer Y or N to automatically number
each page by -stealing- a few lines
from the bottom.  Remember, this is not
column numbering.


Begin printing:

Make sure, of course, your printer is
turned on and that your paper is
exactly at the top of form.

Ok, now the fun part! <START> will
begin the printing.  While printing,
you use <SPACE BAR> to pause and <ESC>
to abort.

Once printed you may reprint the same
file, another file, or exit the
program.  Easy huh?


Stuff:

I wrote this program a long time ago
(ala BASIC), but most of the important
stuff is written in machine language.

It works by reading one page at a time,
prints it, then continues on to the
next page.

The defaults (just press <RETURN>) are
perfectly set up for printing ZMAGS
made for the 40 column ATASCII mode.
It will really save you paper!


Shareware:

Hey, whatever you think it is worth to
you I'd appreciate (don't insult me).
Something around the $5-$10 range.  I'm
also always open to any suggestions,
improvements, or ideas.

Just drop me a note:

         
         |     DemaSoft      |
         | c/o Chad Portugal |
         |  P.O. Box 16127   |
         |Clarkston, Mi 48016|
         
              Compuserve
              72637,2775


(Editor's note:  the DemaPrint program
listing can be found at the end of this
issue of ZMagazine.  This should lessen
the impact of non-40 column characters
on ZMag reading/printing programs.)

                    


     
     |Z*NET NEWSWIRE 8-BIT EDITION|
     
           
           |by Harold Brewer|
           


  From ST-ZMagazine #32 comes these
     insights by Ron Kovacs' Editor's
     Desk and Z*NET Newswire:

-...With ST-World cancelling the rest
of the touring shows (for now), it
would be nice to see user groups pick
up the void and get some AtariFests
going.  Atari has promised to make an
appearance or assist, so the chance is
there if your group is interested.

-...The Texas World of Atari is just
two weeks away.  Migraph, along with 12
other companies have confirmed
appearing.  Missing from the show is
User Group support.  Richard Tsukiji
told us earlier this week that there
were no local groups involved, but a
group from Louisiana was coming.

-Atari's recently hired User Group
Coordinator, Chris Roberts, has been
terminated, along with Assistant VP of
Sales Joe Mendolia.  Both men were
terminated last Friday and have not
been replaced.  Presently, resumes and
applications are being accepted by
interested parties.

-The Glendale Atarifest, a regularly
scheduled event has been cancelled
this year.  Apparently a mix up with
hall reservations has caused the show
to be re-scheduled for 1990.

-The San Jose World of Atari show has
been cancelled by Richard Tsukiji,
promoter and ST-World publisher.
Efforts to confirm the story have been
made but no official confirmation has
been stated yet.  Any shows discussed
or planned after the Texas show are
included.

-...Xebec Corp, manufacturers of Hard
disks and controllers has filed for
liquidation under Chapter 7 of the US
Bankruptcy Code.  When IBM cancelled a
major contract in 1987, Xebec's
revenues dropped and ends a two year
effort to reorganize the company.
Portions of the company will continue
to operate during the liquidation.-


  For those interested in the
     CSS/Bob Puff Black Box (the
     combined ports for modem, printer
     and hard drive, plus more
     features), Bob listed (on GEnie's
     8-bit bulletin board) the hard
     drive controllers which will be
     supported via format programs:

         SMS 5001 8-,
         Xebec S1410,
         Adaptec 4000/4070
         Omti 3520/3527,
         Seagate embedded, and
         Maxtor embedded controllers.


  Alan Reeve informs all those who
     await the delivery of Diamond
     Write that shipping should start
     around August 10.


  Two very nice BBS programs have
     been released as shareware.  Both
     BBS Express! and Oasis TestDrive
     are available on bulletin boards.

     Commercial versions of both
     (BBS Express! Pro and Oasis v4.6)
     are available from the respective
     authors.

                    


 
 |   Rovac Industries, Incorporated  |
 | P.O. Box 59, Middlesex, NJ 08846  |
 |          (201) 968-8148           |
 |Copyright 1989  All Rights Reserved|
 

  
     Reprint permission is granted
  providing ZMagazine and the original
         author is credited.
  

        CompuServe: 71777,2140
             GEnie: ZMAGAZINE
            Source: BDG793

     ZMagazine Headquarters BBSes:     
      Centurion BBS--(618)451-0165
          Chaos BBS--(517)371-1106
       Shadow Haven--(916)962-2566
 Stairway to Heaven--(216)784-0574

                    


100 REM 
110 REM |    DemaPrnt 1.1  (C)1987    |
120 REM |    DemaSoft(tm) Software    |
130 REM |  Written by: Chad Portugal  |
140 REM |  Last updated on: 03/17/89  |
150 REM 
160 REM 
170 DIM PO$(182),FN$(50),A1$(1),A2$(2),A3$(3),CSC$(1),LINE$(120),PAGE$(12000),LINE(301),TEXT$(120):OFF=40000
180 PO$(1,70)=-hpIp*hhJP{`hUhThhX 1TfTPfU YI)FY*Z``0)@` )`eZV)W-
190 PO$(71,135)=--V&WJPy-teWW pP;-1VfVPfWEYdh`Po-d*h`Px\H@Pn-5\I-:PO$(136,136)=CHR$(155)
200 PO$(137,182)=-P)\h`Pq-p)B)\D)E)I)H VdFXP&`-
210 POKE 709,10:POKE 710,0:POKE 82,1:POKE 83,39
220 ? -}Shareware-
230 ? -|DemaPrnt 1.1 (C)1987 by DemaSoft(tm)|-
240 ? -|    Print Text Files in ATASCII     |-
250 ? -|    To EPSON & GEMINI Printers.     |-
260 ? -P.O. Box 16127 Clarkston, Mi 48016-
270 ? :? -   This program will print a text-:? -file to your printer in ATARI's-:? -character set.-
280 POSITION 1,10:? -File to print?D1:-;:INPUT FN$:IF LEN(FN$)<3 THEN 280
290 CLOSE #1:TRAP 820:OPEN #1,4,0,FN$:TRAP OFF:CLOSE #1:GOTO 310
300 GOTO 280
310 POSITION 1,12:? -Normal or Double width characters?N-;:INPUT A1$:IF A1$<>-N- AND A1$<>-D- THEN 320
320 CW=75+(A1$=-N-):MW=60*(CW=75)+120*(CW=76)
330 POSITION 1,14:? -Line width (1--;MW;-)?39-;:INPUT A3$:LW=INT(VAL(A3$)):IF LW<1 OR LW>MW THEN 310
340 MC=INT(MW/LW):CPP=MC:IF MC=1 THEN 380
350 POSITION 1,16:? -Columns per page (1--;MC;-)?-;MC;--;:INPUT A1$:CPP=INT(VAL(A1$)):IF CPP<1 OR CPP>MC THEN 350
360 IF CPP=1 THEN 380
370 POSITION 1,18:? -Column separation character?|-;:INPUT CSC$:IF CSC$=-- THEN CSC$=- -
380 POSITION 1,10:? -Total lines per page (1-100)?90-;:INPUT A3$:TLPP=INT(VAL(A3$))
390 IF TLPP<1 OR TLPP>100 THEN 380
400 POSITION 1,12:? -Page numbering (Y or N)?N-;:INPUT A1$:IF A1$<>-Y- AND A1$<>-N- THEN 400
410 PFLG=(A1$=-Y-):TLPP=TLPP*(PFLG=0)+(TLPP-3)*(PFLG)
420 POSITION 1,10:? -Press START     to print.-:? -Press SPACE BAR to pause.-:? -Press ESC       to abort.-
430 IF PEEK(53279)<>6 THEN 430
440 CLOSE #1:TRAP 820:OPEN #1,4,0,FN$:TRAP OFF:GOTO 460
450 GOTO 420
460 CLOSE #7:TRAP 820:OPEN #7,8,0,-P:-:TRAP OFF:GOTO 480
470 GOTO 420
480 POKE 82,0:POKE 83,LW:PAGE=0:? -}-
490 PP=1:LINE=0:PAGE=PAGE+1:? :? -Reading page #-;PAGE;- of:-:? FN$:? 
500 TRAP 540:INPUT #1;LINE$:TRAP OFF:LL=LEN(LINE$):LL=LW*(LL>LW)+LL*(LL<=LW):IF LL=0 THEN LL=1:LINE$=- -
510 LINE$=LINE$(1,LL)
520 POKE 766,1:? LINE$:POKE 766,0:PAGE$(PP)=LINE$:LINE=LINE+1:LINE(LINE)=PP:PP=PP+LL:IF LINE<CPP*TLPP THEN 500
530 LINE(LINE+1)=PP:EOF=0:GOTO 560
540 IF PEEK(195)<>136 THEN LINE$=->> LINE TOO LONG! <<-:LL=LEN(LINE$):GOTO 820
550 LINE(LINE+1)=PP:EOF=1
560 CURR=0:? :? -Printing page #-;PAGE;- of:-:? FN$:TRAP 820:? #7;-
O
A-;:TRAP OFF
565 FOR K=1 TO ((100-TLPP)/2.5)-1:? #7:NEXT K:POKE 764,255:GOTO 580
570 ? --;:GOTO 560
580 IF PEEK(764)=255 THEN 620
590 GOSUB 800:IF K=ASC(-
-) THEN EOF=1:? :? -}Aborting...-:GOTO 715
595 ? :? -}Press any key to restart printing.-
600 IF PEEK(764)=255 THEN 600
610 GOSUB 800
620 TEXT$(1)=- -:TEXT$(LW*CPP)=- -:TEXT$(2)=TEXT$:CURR=CURR+1
630 LS=LINE(CURR):LE=LINE(CURR+1)-1:TL=LE-LS+1:TEXT$(1,TL)=PAGE$(LS,LE)
640 IF  NOT (CPP>1 AND LINE>=CURR+TLPP) THEN 660
650 LS=LINE(CURR+TLPP):LE=LINE(CURR+TLPP+1)-1:TL=LW+LE-LS+2:TEXT$(LW+1)=CSC$:TEXT$(LW+2,TL)=PAGE$(LS,LE)
660 IF  NOT (CPP>2 AND LINE>=CURR+2*TLPP) THEN 680
670 LS=LINE(CURR+2*TLPP):LE=LINE(CURR+2*TLPP+1)-1:TL=LW*2+LE-LS+3:TEXT$(LW*2+2)=CSC$:TEXT$(LW*2+3,TL)=PAGE$(LS,LE)
680 GOSUB 780:IF CURR<LINE*(LINE<=TLPP)+TLPP*(LINE>TLPP) THEN 580
690 IF PFLG THEN ? #7:TEXT$=->>>> Page #    <<<<-:TEXT$(12,14)=STR$(PAGE):TL=LEN(TEXT$):GOSUB 780
700 IF EOF*PFLG THEN TEXT$=->>>> End Print <<<<-:TL=LEN(TEXT$):GOSUB 780
710 IF TLPP=100 THEN 490
715 ? #7;CHR$(12):IF  NOT EOF THEN 490
720 CLOSE #7:? :? -File -;FN$:? -has been printed.-
730 ? :? -Do you wish to print another copy?N-;:INPUT A1$:IF A1$<>-N- AND A1$<>-Y- THEN ? --;:GOTO 730
740 IF A1$=-Y- THEN ? -}Repeat copy...-:GOTO 420
750 ? :? -Do you wish to print another file?N-;:INPUT A1$:IF A1$<>-N- AND A1$<>-Y- THEN ? --;:GOTO 750
760 IF A1$=-Y- THEN RUN 
770 GRAPHICS 0:POKE 82,0:POKE 83,39:? -Bye...-:END 
780 PL=TL*8:HI=INT(PL/256):LO=PL-HI*256:? #7:? #7;-
-;CHR$(CW);CHR$(LO);CHR$(HI);:X=USR(ADR(PO$),ADR(TEXT$),TL):RETURN 
790 GOTO 780
800 OPEN #2,4,0,-K:-:GET #2,K:CLOSE #2:RETURN 
810 GOTO 800
820 ERL=PEEK(186)+PEEK(187)*256:ERR=PEEK(195):? :? -}ERROR: -;ERR:OKFLG=0
830 IF ERR=130 THEN ? -Unknown device.-:OKFLG=1
840 IF ERR=138 THEN ? -Device not ready.-:OKFLG=1
850 IF ERR=139 THEN ? -Device malfunction.-:OKFLG=1
860 IF ERR=144 THEN ? -Disk error.-:OKFLG=1
870 IF ERR=160 THEN ? -Drive number unknown.-:OKFLG=1
880 IF ERR=165 THEN ? -Bad file name.-:OKFLG=1
890 IF ERR=170 THEN ? -File not found.-:OKFLG=1
900 IF OKFLG THEN FOR DELAY=1 TO 500:NEXT DELAY:GOTO ERL+10
910 LIST ERL:END 
920 IF ERR=170 THEN ? -File not found.-:OKFLG=1
930 IF OKFLG THEN FOR DELAY=1 TO 500:NEXT DELAY:GOTO ERL+10
940 LIST ERL:END 
