
                             
                             
                            
                           
                          
                         
                        
         
         |   ROVAC ZMAGAZINE  |
         |     Issue  #175    |
         | September 19, 1989 |
         | Copyright 1989, RII|
         
                 
                
               
                           
                            
                             
 
 
 
        
        |This week in ZMagazine|
        
 


  The Atari User Group Station (c) 
       The Breakfast Club BBS (c)

   CompuServe New 8-bit Uploads 

            Atari Talk 

      GEnie New 8-bit Uploads 

        Alive and Thriving 

          


   
   |THE ATARI USER GROUP STATION(c)|
   
      
      |The Breakfast Club BBS (c)|
      


The Breakfast Club BBS (TBC) is
pleased to announce the opening of the
AUGS Network.


The Atari User Group Station is THE
place for ALL Atari User Groups to get
the information that they need to
better serve their members.  This
includes all of the -online-
magazines, individual articles on a
wide range of topics, files for club
disks, industry information, and much
more.

All of this information is presented in
an easy to find manner and is provided
FREE to all Atari User Groups!!
(Except, of course, the cost of your
phone call!  TBC and AUGS are
PC Pursuit-able to help reduce the cost
of your calls.)  All you need do is
call and get the information that you
need.


All registered Atari User Groups are
allowed one account with UG access
level.  This means that, as an official
User Group, you will have up to 90
minutes per call with NO total daily
time limit and UNLIMITED access to
download files!  That's right!  No
upload:download ratio, unlimited time,
and all for FREE!!

Individuals may use the AUGS area, but
there is a 60 minute per day time limit
and an upload:download ratio of 1:7.


The AUGS Network is a special area
within TBC BBS with its own message
bases (8 of them), E-Mail area, and
File Bench so there is no need for you
to wade through all the -routine- BBS
activities to get what you need.  This
will save you and your User Group $$$
in phone bills!


AUGS supports ALL Atari computers from
the -old reliable- 400 to the state of
the art ST/Mega and the soon to arrive
TT, STACY, and beyond.  As the machines
arrive and the need crops up, AUGS will
be there with the latest information
for you and your User Group.

The main service that AUGS provides is
to supply Atari User Groups with an
easy and fast way to get articles for
their newsletters.  If other services
should be needed in the future, AUGS
will add them in a timely and useful
manner.

AUGS calls several of the -online
services- every day, is in close
contact with Atari Corp. and a number
of third party developers for both
Atari 8-bits and STs, and makes
frequent checks of other sources of
information so that the information
provided is up to date, concise, and,
above all, accurate.  This frees your
User Group newsletter editor from the
hassles, time expense, and monitary
expense of having to call all over
to get the needed information.  One
source, one call.

AUGS will even handle -special
requests- for information for you!
Just drop the AUGS SysOps a note with
the details of what it is that you
need, and we will be happy to make a
complete search for it and get back to
you.  Sort of an -online encyclopedia-
for User Groups!


To reach AUGS, just call The Breakfast
Club BBS at:

            (916) 331-4722
              300/1200bps
     24 Hours a Day, 7 Days a Week
   ATASCII, ASCII, ST-VT52, ANSI, CCG


At the prompt, press RETURN/ENTER.
Then select your graphics mode from the
list.  When asked to select a Network,
press -7- for the AUGS Network.

If you are a new caller to AUGS, when
asked for your password, type -NEW- and
hit RETURN/ENTER.

>From there on, just follow the prompts!


We look forward to serving you and your
Atari User Group at AUGS soon!


             Gayle Albert
           GE-Mail = GAYLE.A

             Marty Albert
           GE-Mail = MARTY.A


-Atari-, -400-, -ST-, -Mega-, -STACY-,
and -TT- are copyright Atari Corp.

-AUGS-, -A.U.G.S.-, -TBC-, -The
Breakfast Club BBS-, and -The Atari
User Group Station- are copyright 1989
by The Breakfast Club BBS, Gayle &
Marty Albert.  All rights reserved.

          


     
     |COMPUSERVE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
     

Courtesy of CompuServe's Atari8 Library


 
 Uploader address
 Filename/type
          Date    Size    Downloads
 

[70426,101]
CHRCHG.ARC
        16-Sep-89 11136   Accesses: 4

    A Dungeon bug causes possession
items to get garbled or disappear. Then
an old character must be updated. This
Dungeon utility changes what's already
on that disk.


[74730,405]
LBPLUS.ARC
        16-Sep-89 25472   Accesses: 8

    This is for all of you who need
something other than Lebreak Ten to
create your animated ATASCII files.
LeBreak Plus will let you both edit and
add pi-zaz to your BBS welcome screens.


[76703,4061]
SDOS.ACT
        16-Sep-89 3617    Accesses: 11

    This file contains source code for
Action! routines that allow you to
access SpartaDOS's command line. These
routines will let you pull parameters
from the command line one by one, or
you can get the entire line at once if
you wish.


[71777,2140]
Z174R.ARC
        15-Sep-89 13696   Accesses: 17

    ZMagazine #174 re-release for 12
September 1989. This ARCed news/reviews
issue contains: Editor's monitor,
Computer Talk, Jersey Atari Computer
Group, The Mouse Loses its Tail, and
Crazy Eights.


[75176,1205]
WOFDAT.BAS
        15-Sep-89 18176   Accesses: 8

    Now the best Wheel of Fortune is
even better. If 900 puzzles weren't
enough or if you just wanted to be able
to write your own puzzles, here's a
puzzle file maker for WOF.DCM.


[75176,1205]
WOFDAT.DOC
        15-Sep-89 7164    Accesses: 8

     Documentation for WOFDAT.BAS --
puzzle maker for Wheel Of Fortune file


[73377,1757]
ZREAD.BAS
        14-Sep-89 3456    Accesses: 10

    Read ZMAGS (8-Bit) by entering only
the three numbers; as long as the Z is
on the disk as ZMAGxxx.TXT. Enjoy.


[75176,1205]
WOF.DCM
        13-Sep-89 69632   Accesses: 20

    This is the Best Ever WHEEL OF
FORTUNE game. It has 900 puzzles and
plays just like the original TV
version.


[75176,1205]
WOFDCM.DOC
        13-Sep-89 19300   Accesses: 17

     Documentation for WOF.DCM -- Wheel
of Fortune simulation in Atari Basic


[75176,1205]
WOFPUZ.DCM
        13-Sep-89 40448   Accesses: 14

    A Disc full of 900 more puzzles for
the Best WHEEL OF FORTUNE. For use with
WOF.DCM (previously WOFSCR.XMO).


[71450,1050]
AND1.TXT
        11-Sep-89 11689   Accesses: 19

    This is Atari NewsDesk Volume 1,
Number 1.  Atari NewsDesk is a new
monthly newsletter supplement published
by the Atari Exchange Of Louisville,
Ky.


[71450,1050]
BBSREP.TXT
         11-Sep-89 3819   Accesses: 8

    This is the Atari Scene! BBS Report 09/15/89 edition.


[72327,3606]
CLRDSK.ARC
         08-Sep-89 4224   Accesses: 19

    This program will clear (write
zeros) to any SpartaDos Disk device,
i.e. MIO RamDisks, Hard Drives, Disk
Drives, that will return their
configuration.


[72327,3606]
MIOLCK.ARC
         08-Sep-89 2048   Accesses: 17

    This file will toggle the Lock
status on your MIO Ramdisks and Hard
Disks from the SpartaDos 3.2 or SDX
command line.


[76703,4061]
WHATIS.ARC
         07-Sep-89 8448   Accesses: 46

    WHATIS 2.4 now recognizes 37 types
of files - AlfCrunch, ARC, DiskCom, ML,
pictures, and many other file types for
various computers. Load from any DOS
(DOS-XE too!) and enter the name of the
file(s) or directory to check.


[71777,2140]
Z173.ARC
         06-Sep-89 15360  Accesses: 41

    ZMagazine #173 for 5 September
1989. This ARCed news issue contains:
User group news--New Jersey, Surge
Protector, Analog October table of
contents, 130XE upgrade, Black Box
information, Washington DC Atarifest
update, and more.


[72327,3606]
XMOVE2.ARC
         05-Sep-89 11392  Accesses: 45

    Version 2.1 of the utility to move
a file from one SpartaDos Sub-Dir to
another on the same disk. Allows
multi-file tagging like XCOPY.COM.


[72327,3606]
MIOFMT.ARC
         04-Sep-89 4901   Accesses: 30

    Use to format your MIO ramdisks
from SpartaDos 3.2 and X. Also loads
and saves the MIO configuration.


[72327,3606]
PATH.ARC
         04-Sep-89 3081   Accesses: 35

    Adds MS-DOS/SDX style path command
to SpartaDos 3.2. Gives a search path
to check for .COM files. Good for MIOs
Hard drives, and High capacity drives.


[72327,3606]
WEDGE1.ARC
         04-Sep-89 9488   Accesses: 12

     Version 1.2 of the SpartaDos wedge
adds commands to Sparta 3.2, but uses a
lot of memory. Includes READ text file,
VIEW Arc file, and more.


[72327,3606]
WEDGE2.ARC
         04-Sep-89 25736  Accesses: 31

    This is a wedge for SpartaDos 3.2
and XL/XE computers with 128K or more.
It adds an Arc viewer, File reader,
What file type, Cold (and turn on SDX),
Dec/Hex conversion, Peek/Poke, Find,
Move between SpartaDos SubDirs, Rename
Dir, AutoBatch, Dswap and Mlock for MIO
users and more, all memory resident,
while taking only 256 bytes (actually
less!) of your -regular memory-.


[72327,3606]
XRUN.ARC
         04-Sep-89 3644   Accesses: 35

    Adds the RUN command to SDX.
Functions like the RUN command in
version 3.2


[73217,2321]
CLIMBR.BAS
         02-Sep-89 9216   Accesses: 17

    CLIMBER, from the October 1984
issue of ANALOG Computing.  You must
touch the keys on each level while
avoiding the gremlins, and try to climb
to the top level.


[73217,2321]
CLUES.BAS
         02-Sep-89 3456   Accesses: 11

    CLUES, from the July 1984 issue of
ANALOG Computing, is a game wherein you
must follow the clues in order to
locate the hidden treasures.


[73217,2321]
DOGGIE.BAS
         02-Sep-89 7040   Accesses: 14

    DOGGIES, a graphics puzzle wherein
your objective is to exchange places
between the three white and three brown
doggies in only 15 moves if you can.


[73217,2321]
DRGTRV.BAS
         02-Sep-89 13696  Accesses: 11

    DRAGON BREATH Trivia Quiz version
from the September 1985 issue of ANALOG
Computing.  An educational game for
children (and those of us who are in
our second childhood) with a choice
between trivia questions and the -What
Doesn't Belong- game.


[73217,2321]
ELBALL.BAS
         02-Sep-89 14976  Accesses: 21

    ELECTRABALL, a two-player
competition from ANALOG Computing,
March 1989, in which you must try to
deflect the ball into your opponent's
net.


[73217,2321]
HARVEY.OBJ
         02-Sep-89 1536   Accesses: 17

    HARVEY WALLBANGER, by Charles
Bachand, is a classic machine language
game from the early days of Analog
(1983).


[73217,2321]
HOMEST.BAS
         02-Sep-89 4480   Accesses: 45

    HOME STATUS, a comical program from
a 1982 Dell Books publication.  This
program monitors all items in your home
and keeps you informed of their status.


[73217,2321]
HOTEL.BAS
         02-Sep-89 8192   Accesses: 20

    HOTEL is a BASIC program from a
1982 issue of SoftSide Magazine.  Your
mission, should you decide to accept
it, is to locate the terrorist bomb
planted in the hotel before it explodes
and kills you.


[73217,2321]
JAKDIG.BAS
         02-Sep-89 18304  Accesses: 28

    Jack the Digger is a German import
in ML with a BASIC loader. The object
is to drill and eat dots and beasties
underground.


[76004,1764]
HWSALE.TXT
         02-Sep-89 2353   Accesses: 122

     Read this ASCII file for a listing
of current Hardware items we have on
SALE!


[71777,2140]
Z172.ARC
         01-Sep-89 14464  Accesses: 37

    ZMagazine #172 for 29 August, 1989.
This ARCed news issue contains:
Kentuckiana Atari Fest Cancelled,
Null-modem cable, GEnie new uploads,
World of Atari--Dallas, CIS new
uploads, and more!


[72377,2045]
BLKBOX.TXT
         01-Sep-89 8064   Accesses: 84

    Here's a more detailed look at the
Black Box from Computer Software
Services. The Black Box is a hardware
add-on for XL and 130XE computers
that gives you a SASI/SCSI bus for hard
disks, printer port, modem port, and
more.


[72377,2045]
SALE.TXT
         01-Sep-89 1408   Accesses: 94

    Sale on Atari 850 interfaces and
Avatex 1200 baud modems!!  Check this
file out.. You can REAd it online.


[76702,375]
DOSXE.ARC
         29-Aug-89 32839  Accesses: 73

    This ARChive contains the disk
image of Atari's latest DOS, DOS XE in
DISCOM format.  You must re-construct
DOSXE.DCM using DISCOM from lib 3. 


[76704,41]
NEWXE.TXT
         29-Aug-89 1381   Accesses: 124

     Captured message detailing '89
modifications to the XE

          


              
              |ATARI TALK|
              


This text file is a reproduction of
excerpts from the Fall 1989 issue of
ATARI TALK.  Atari Talk is published
quarterly by F.A.C.E., the Federation
of Atari Computer Enthusiasts.
Membership in this organization is
free.  Details on how to join F.A.C.E.
are included in this isssue.

This file only contains excerpts.  Only
members of F.A.C.E. receive the entire
newsletter.


***************************************
              ATARI TALK
 Vol. 2, Num. 3       3rd Quarter 1989
***************************************


             SysOps Needed! 


We faced a problem.  Not all literature
and important programs could be
distributed to all F.A.C.E. members
through the mails.  It was simply too
expensive.  It is possible to upload
these files to GEnie,  but not all
F.A.C.E. members have GEnie accounts.
In addition, only club members should
receive these files.

So, we have come up with a plan.  We
need distribution center BBSes across
the U.S. and Europe, where F.A.C.E.
members are concentrated.  Files will
be sent directly to the operators of
distribution BBSes.

The numbers of BBSes in each region
will be listed in Atari Talk.  Members
will be able to call a BBS near their
home,  minimizing or eliminating long
distance charges.

If you are interested in becoming a
SysOp of a distribution center, please
write to the address listed at the end
of this text file!


        XE Game System:  Review 


I have sold my trusy 800XL for an XE
Game System.  This great little
computer features a detatchable
keyboard, a light gun, and comes with
three games:

Flight Simulator II
Bug Hunt
Missile Command


The keyboard is rather mushy, which
makes typing-in articles (like this
one) very precarious.  Programmers
should stick with their 800s or 800XLs,
and even the 130XE keyboard is better
than this.

As a game machine with occasional use
as a computer, the XE GS is a fantastic
device.  Many mail order firms have
been selling the GS for only $99.99,
which means that if you bought a light
gun, light gun game, and Flight
Simulator II, you would have spent just
as much as you would for a whole
system!

Recommendation:  Great buy for novices
& gamers.


            New Newsletter? 


For a long time, the F.A.C.E.
newsletter has been overcrowded.
Finally, something is being done about
it.  Although we cannot go into more
details at this time, we have developed
a way to quadruple newsletter space
without increasing costs!

Watch this space for more hot news!


  Membership Policy Restructured!!!!! 


F.A.C.E. is free to all atari 8-bit
users.  To join, simply send a blank
disk to the address listed at the end
of this file.

The disk will be filled with
information on F.A.C.E. activities,
software reviews, and a complete
listing of F.A.C.E. library files.

You may send as many disks as you wish
after the initial trade.  Each disk
must contain files not in the F.A.C.E.
library.  You may request to have files
already in the library placed on the
disk.  The disk will then be mailed
back to you with the new files.

All members receive quarterly
newsletters, access on distribution
center BBSes, and much more.

Although F.A.C.E. is a free program,
donations to pay for operating expenses
are greatly appreciated.  All checks
should be made payable to Eric Lambeth.

F.A.C.E. is for PD/Shareware only!


            FREE DEMO DISK! 


Want more info about F.A.C.E.?  Have
any questions?  Simply send a
self-addressed, stamped envelope to us,
and you will receive a free demo disk!
(Please specify 8 bit or ST.)


ADDRESS ALL CORRESPONDENCE TO:

     F.A.C.E.
     Eric Lambeth
     1000 W. Westview Drive
     Springfield, MO
     65807


     GEnie: E.LAMBETH1


    PLEASE REPRODUCE AND DISTRIBUTE
          THIS FILE!!!!!!!!!

          


        
        |GENIE NEW 8-BIT UPLOADS|
        

Courtesy of GEnie's 8-bit Atari Library


 
 No.  File Name
      YYMMDD   Bytes   Access Lib
 

 4608 SEPT89.TXT
      890918    5040      5  12
      Desc: Fall 1989 issue of Atari
            Talk

 4607 AUGSPR.TXT
      890918    7560      9  12
      Desc: Press Release for AUGS!

 4605 PASDOC.ARC
      890917   34020     10   2
      Desc: Draper Pascal 2.1
            documentation

 4604 PASCAL.ARC
      890917   32760     10   2
      Desc: Draper Pascal 2.1 software

 4603 SEABAT.ARC
      890916    7560     21  10
      Desc: BASIC game similar to
            'Battle Ship'

 4602 LQUEST.BAS
      890916    8820     13  10
      Desc: Guess the phrase or word -
            like WOF

 4601 SOFTSALE.TXT
      890914    1260     42  11
      Desc: Good software and graphic
            interface

 4600 Z174R.ARC
      890914   15120     58  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #174 rerelease
            for 12 Sep

 4598 TICTACTOE3D.ARC
      890912    6300     68  10
      Desc: THREE DIMENTIONAL TIC TAC
            TOE

 4597 MAXEDIT.ARC
      890910   12600      8  27
      Desc: A Complete Oasis BBS PW
            Editor

 4596 CLRHLPR.ARC
      890910    5040      6  27
      Desc: Sets Screen Colors for
            Oasis MBEs

 4595 PC_MYDOS.ARC
      890910   26460     30   2
      Desc: USE ATARI SSDD DISKETTES ON
            AN MSDOS

 4594 ILBMRD14.ARC
      890910   12600     43   4
      Desc: Version 1.4 of ILBM picture
            viewer

 4592 VIEW9.ARC
      890908    1260     41   4
      Desc: Viewer for graphics 9 files

 4591 Z173.ARC
      890906   16380     93  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #173 for 5
            September 1989

 4590 CRAZY8.TXT
      890906    8820     25  12
      Desc: POTPOURRI!

 4589 DOS2DOS3CONV.ARC
      890903    2520      8   2
      Desc: Copy true dbl density files
            to DOS 3

 4588 DOS3DOS2CONV.ARC
      890903    2520     11   2
      Desc: Use this to copy from DOS 3
            to DOS 2

 4587 DOSCONVDOC.ARC
      890903    5040     14   2
      Desc: The docs for the two
            convert utls.

 4586 VCTEMPS.ARC
      890902   28980     26   9
      Desc: A Collection of VisiCalc
            Templates

 4585 Z172.ARC
      890901   15120    109  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #172 for 29
            August, 1989

 4584 AMIGA_7.ARC
      890901   27720     83  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga graphics
            conversions

 4583 AMIGA_6.ARC
      890901   35280     63  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga picture
            conversions

 4582 AMIGA_5.ARC
      890901   36540     56  19
      Desc: Adult Amiga graphics
            conversions.

 4581 BLACKBOX.TXT
      890831    8820    101  11
      Desc: News release for the Black
            Box

 4580 EPCODES.ARC
      890830    3780     35  15
      Desc: EPSON FX & MX TEXT PRINT
            CODE LIST

 4579 RATEDIT.BAS
      890830   17640     94   2
      Desc: The best sysop's 40 column
            editor.

 4578 RATLIST.BAS
      890830    7560     59   2
      Desc: Print your program listings
            right!

 4577 CONTENTS77.TXT
      890830    2520     35  23
      Desc: October '89 ANALOG Preview

 4576 AIMPRESS.TXT
      890828    5040     16  12
      Desc: User Group Offer!

 4575 FORSALE.TXT
      890828    2520     41  11
      Desc: 850 interfaces and modems
            for sale!

 4574 XON2.ARC
      890825    2520     39  22
      Desc: Turns SpartaDOS X on after
            disable.

 4573 DEAD.ARC
      890825   98280     31   5
      Desc: 21 DEAD SONGS ON AMP2 WITH
            LYRICS

 4572 PUBCHAT4.ARC
      890824    8820      8  24
      Desc: Replacement PRO BBS Chat
            Module

 4571 OASISTD11.ARC
      890822   22680     14  27
      Desc: Update 1.1 of Oasis Test
            Drive

 4570 Z171.ARC
      890821   17640    104  13
      Desc: ZMagazine issue #171 for 22
            Aug '89

 4565 MANUADDR.TXT
      890820    3780      8  12
      Desc: Company Addresses, CES
            exhibitors

 4564 SCES89.TXT
      890820   25200     22  12
      Desc: Summer CES show report!

 4563 TURBO1.TXT
      890820    8820     51  12
      Desc: Intro to the Turbo-816

 4562 AIMJUL89.ARC
      890820   32760     17  12
      Desc: Archive of July '89 AIM
            articles

 4561 MACEEXPO.TXT
      890820   10080      9  12
      Desc: MACE Expo Show Report

 4560 OASISPRESSRELEASE.TXT
      890819    7560     39  27
      Desc: Oasis BBS Press
            Release!!!!!

 4559 LFTOGGLE.ARC
      890816    1260     18  22
      Desc: MIO printer line feed
            selector.

 4558 PUBCHAT2.ARC
      890815    7560     14  24
      Desc: CMD Mdoule for BBS Express!
            PRO

 4557 Z170.ARC
      890815   21420    112  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #170 for 15
            August 1989

 4556 TBC.TXT
      890814   13860     24  11
      Desc: Info about TBC BBS

 4555 DOCEQU02.ARC
      890811    6300     11  27
      Desc: Part 2 of documented MAC65
            equates

 4554 Z169.ARC
      890811   23940    114  13
      Desc: ZMagazine #169 for 8 August
            1989

 4553 PROPAQ.ARC
      890810   15120     15  14
      Desc: Online file compression for
            Pro BBS

 4552 DIABASIC.ARC
      890809    5040     26  26
      Desc: Program DIAMOND GOS via
            Basic

          


          
          |ALIVE AND THRIVING|
          

     WAACE AtariFest 89 - Infogram
                89/09/16


For those of you who *may* have gotten
the wrong impression from ST Informer
we would like to report that WAACE
AtariFest '89 is well on its way to
becoming the Atari event of the year on
the East Coast.

Here are a few of the Features: (exact
names or titles subject to change)


   Vendors/Developers/Publications in
              attendance: 

ASDE Inc./ST Plug     Accusoft
Accustar              Alpha Systems
Atari Corp (& GENie)  Best Electronics
Cal Com               Codehead Software
Current Notes         Debonair Software
Diskcovery            Diverse Data
Double Click Soft.    Electronic Clinic
First Stop            Gribnif
I.C.D.                Z*Mag/ZNet
Johnsware             Joppa Computer
L & Y Electronics     Lantech
Magnetic Images       Michtron
Orion Microsystems    Rock Digital
ST Informer           ST Log
Seymor Radix          Softrek
Strata Software       Toad Computers
Unicorn Publications  Wintertech
Wizztronics           Xlent Software
ST Report Online

Also, reps from ISD Marketing, FAST
Tech, Gadgets by Small, and ST Report
Online will be on hand helping out in
User Group Demo Rooms and/or giving
Seminars.


     Demonstrations (Saturday Only)
 See printed schedule available at Fest

Telecommunications   Art and Graphics
Mac Emulation        Desktop Publishing
MIDI                 MS-DOS Emulation
Business Appls.      Games
Hardware Add-ons     Programming
Languages


             Door Prizes:

Saturday:
Grand Prize--Atari ST Computer
Dozens of others--Announced every few
                  minutes

Sunday:
Grand Prize--Hard Drive from ABCO


              Seminars:

Saturday. 7 October   Sunday, 8 October

1100                  1300
Computers and Kids    To Be Announced
D. A. Brumleve

1200                  1400
Ask ST Report         Atari In Science
Ralph Mariano         A. Wrotniak
                      Debonair

1300                  1500
Alternative Desktops  Atari Hardware
                      Futures
Rick Flashman         Panel:D.Small
Gribnif                     James Allen
                            David Troy
1400
Hard Disk Systems     1600
Tom Harker - ICD      Atari Corp Speaks
                      Sig Hartman-Atari
1500
Speeding up the ST    All Day:          Wayne Buckholdt       Musicians and
Softrek               MIDI

1600
Desktop Publishing
Gordon Monnier
Michtron


             Hospitality:

1800 - Hospitality Suites
       Fairfax Quality Inn

1930 - Cocktail Hour 
       Hunan Lion Rest

2000 - AtariFest Banquet
       Hunan Lion Restaurant
       Current Notes Author of the Year
       Atari's World - Sig Hartmann

User Group Leadership Workshop--0900
Sunday--Bob Brodie (UG Representatives
by Invitation)

Vendors should contact Johnna Ogden at
703-450-3991 for information.
Program advertisers should send
camera-ready copy in 6 3/4 x 10 format
to Steve Rudolph, 11914 Galaxy Lane,
Bowie, MD, 20715 before 22 September.
Payment of $60 (check payable to WAACE)
must accompany copy. 

Banquet ticket requests to Russell
Brown, 13715 Mapledale Ave, Dale City,
VA, 22193.  Payment of $20 per ticket
(check payable to WAACE) must accompany
order.  Other Information:  John D.
Barnes, WAACE Chairman, 7710 Chatham
Rd, Chevy Chase, MD 20815.  GENie:
J.D.BARNES.  Phone: 301-652-0667
(return calls collect).

Lodging: Quality Inn of Fairfax
         $49.50 per night.  Be sure to
         mention AtariFest when
         reserving (before 25
         September).


WAACE wishes to express its
appreciation for the support we have
received from the Atari world.  This
Fest is truly an expression of -Power
without the Price-.

Please capture this file and spread the word around.

       Megabytes For the Masses

          


 
 |   Rovac Industries, Incorporated  |
 | P.O. Box 59, Middlesex, NJ 08846  |
 |          (201) 968-8148           |
 |Copyright 1989  All Rights Reserved|
 


Comments and opinions expressed in this
  edition are those of the individual
   authors.  They do not necessarily
   reflect the opinions of ZMagazine,
Rovac Industries, or ST-ZMagazine/ZNet.

  Opposing commentary is accepted and
appreciated and will be printed subject
      to the editor's descretion.



        CompuServe: 71777,2140
             GEnie: ZMAGAZINE
            Source: BDG793

     ZMagazine Headquarters BBSes:     
      Centurion BBS--(618)451-0165
          Chaos BBS--(517)371-1106
       Shadow Haven--(916)962-2566
 Stairway to Heaven--(216)784-0574
