Copyright © 1997, James Wellington.  All Rights Reserved.

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.








UNCLE TEACHES HIS NIECE
by 
James Wellington
 
 
CHAPTER 1, part 1
Kristy awoke in the middle of the night with a gently throbbing headache. 
She glanced at the clock beside her bed and saw it was just past 
midnight. For a moment the fifteen-year-old teenage girl lay in bed and 
listened to the wind blowing hard outside the apartment complex as she 
debated whether to get up or not. Finally, she decided it might be a good 
idea to go out to the kitchen and take a couple of aspirins so she could 
get back to sleep.
 
As she slipped out of her bed, Kristy heard her thirteen-year-old 
brother, Eric, snoring quietly across the room. After sharing a room with 
him for so many years, she'd gotten used to his night noises and hardly 
even noticed them any more. The two kids had also gotten used to seeing 
each other in various stages of undress. It was no big deal for her to 
see the thirteen-year-old boy in his white underwear briefs or for Eric 
to see her walking around the bedroom dressed only in her bra and panties.
 
While they were growing up together the whole thing seemed so natural, so 
normal. Lately, though, she'd noticed her little brother secretly 
watching her a little more intently whenever he was in the room and she 
wasn't wearing much. She also notice the long, hard lump that seemed to 
be constantly sticking up and pushing out the front of the young boy's 
white underwear briefs, and he seemed to enjoy wearing nothing but his 
underwear around the house lately. Some nights, when just the two kids 
were home, he'd even sit in the living room and watch TV in just his 
underwear. Their mother didn't say anything about it, and Kristy wasn't 
quite sure what to make of the whole thing.
 
The teenage girl quietly slipped out the door of the bedroom, being sure 
to be extra quiet so she wouldn't wake Uncle Ted who was sleeping on the 
fold-out couch in the living room. An unmarried traveling salesman, he 
stopped by their apartment every couple of months to stay for a few days 
while he conducted his business in the area. He was a tall, dark, 
good-looking man with a deep, resonant voice, and a slim, tightly-muscled 
body.
 
Creeping slowly along carpeted floor of the hallway, she noiselessly 
entered the living room, glanced at the couch and paused, a little 
puzzled. The fold-out bed was pulled out and made up, but it was empty. 
Maybe he'd gone out for a late night walk, or something, she thought to 
herself.
 
In the kitchen Kristy poured a drink of water and took two aspirin. The 
young girl lingered a few moments to gaze out the window above the sink 
at the parking lot behind the apartment building two stories below. 
Already a heavy blanket of snow covered the parked cars and the wind 
whipped the waves of white wildly around. Kristy remembered hearing 
something about a winter storm on the evening news. God, she thought, 
maybe there'd be no school in the morning....
 
Silently on bare feet, the girl headed back to her bedroom. Passing by 
her mother's room, she thought she heard strange muffled sounds, and 
Kristy paused a moment in the doorway. Pressing her ear against the 
hollow wooden door, the girl heard her mother's voice speaking softly, 
followed by the deep voice of another person - a man.
 
She knew her mother had dated lots of men since her father left the 
family early in her life. The kids were too young to remember the 
divorce, and their family of three seemed very normal as she and her 
brother grew up. But, to her knowledge, her mother had never had a man in 
her room before, had never....
 
Now even more curious, the teenage girl slowly and carefully turned the 
door knob with both of her hands, sliding the bolt back and letting the 
door swing open just a crack. The door moved silently on it's hinges as 
Kristy slowly pushed it open just enough to peek inside.
 
The bedroom window curtains were apart and the bright security lights 
from the back parking lot gave the room a strange yellowish glow. In the 
dim light, she could clearly see the two figures moving together on her 
mother's bed, and Kristy froze with shock. Her uncle's large, naked, male 
form lay over the slender, petite shape of her mother, his arms 
straightened as he held his upper body over hers, his face looking down 
at her. As the girl watched, her body frozen in surprise, she saw her 
mother's shapely and slender legs raise up and wrap around her uncle's 
waist as the man's hips moved slowly up and down. There was no denying 
what was happening: her uncle was having sex with her mother, his own sister.
 
"Oh, God, Ted, you do me soooo...good," Kristy heard her mother murmur as 
the man's head suddenly dipped down to the woman's small breasts and 
mouthed and licked each hardened nipple. As he pulled and chewed at the 
pink buds with his lips and tongue, the motion of his lower body never 
stopped and his thick, hard shaft never ceased it's slow, erotic penetration.
 
The young girl's eyes were locked on the two figures, her breath quick 
and rapid as she watched the sexy scene. In the soft, yellowish light she 
could easily see the dark silhouette of her uncle's cock seeming to 
connect the two figures together as it moved in and out of the woman, 
soft moans of pleasure coming from her mouth. Kristy was completely 
captivated by the sight, her eyes locked on the pair as she watched them 
so casually couple.
 
It wasn't that the girl had never seen a cock before. Her best friend, 
Carrie, had given her a copy of 'Playgirl' for her fifteenth birthday 
just last month. The two teenage girls had closed the door and sprawled 
on her bed with several other girl friends looking and giggling at the 
pictures of good-looking, naked men with hard and soft cocks. 
Kristy knew that all of the other girls had already lost their virginity, 
and several were very sexually active, especially her best friend, 
Carrie. Though she was quite pretty, Kristy was somewhat stand-offish 
with boys and had never dated very much, much less experience the 
pleasure of sex. 
 
Lately, however, she was becoming a little self-conscious that she was 
the only one of her circle of friends who was still a virgin, and her 
yearnings to learn and experience what the other girls spoke about so 
openly, so eagerly, so brazenly, was growing quickly. On her most recent 
date two weeks ago, for the first time she had allowed a boy to feel her 
breasts as they kissed with open mouths and tongues in the front seat of 
his car while they were parked in a dark corner of the parking lot below. 
As he pulled and squeezed her nipples through her shirt and bra with his 
finger tips, she felt the wonderful hot, electric sensations that jolted 
her loins and made her wet between her legs. She quickly felt herself 
losing control, wanting to experience more, to do more with him, and was 
somewhat relieved (and, she had to admit, disappointed) when the boy 
pulled away and announced he had to get home.
 
Now, as she watched the rhythmic thrusting of her uncle's hips and ass, 
she felt the same pleasurable tickle grow between her thighs and the 
wetness begin to form. Almost without realizing it, Kristy reached down 
and slipped her right hand under the hem of the T-shirt she often wore to 
bed. Her finger tips grazed over the front of her cotton-covered mound, 
and the tip of her middle finger found the depression at the front of her 
slit and began to make little circles over her clit.
 
Warm, familiar sensations of pleasure began to radiate up from between 
her legs. She could feel the dampness in the crotch of her cotton bikini 
panties begin to grow as the high school girl aroused herself. The little 
circles alternated with a back-and-forth motion as she pressed up harder 
against her pleasure button.
 
This wasn't the first time she had used her hand to make herself feel 
good. Ever since she was about twelve, she had explored that pleasure 
place between her legs and discovered masturbation and how it made her 
feel so good. As her technique improved with experience, Kristy learned 
how to give herself orgasms and, for the past couple of years or so, 
several nights each week she would lay in bed, her fingers down inside 
her panties making herself wet and making herself cum.
 
Lately, vivid visions of the naked men she saw in her 'Playgirl' magazine 
would float through her mind as her fingers worked their familiar magic 
and sent her ever higher toward that wonderful orgasmic release. 
Sometimes, she would picture herself with them, doing the things that her 
friends so openly talked about doing with their own dates and boyfriends. 
Her hand would slip down under the elastic waistband of her panties and 
her middle finger would delve down between the folds of her oily wet 
pussy. Kristy would slide her finger quickly deep down, in and out of her 
slippery cunt hole, as the teenage girl imagined that it was a boy's cock 
that was penetrating her fuck hole and making her feel so good. With her 
middle finger plunging in and out of her pussy, she used her thumb to rub 
over her clit. The combination was indescribable, and it quickly made her 
climax. Sometimes, once just didn't satisfy her, and two fingers would 
slide in and out between her wet, slippery pussy folds a second time, 
sending her to even greater orgasmic heights. 
 
After she finally came, Kristy would often lay contentedly on her 
stomach, her hand still inside her panties cupping her pleasure place as 
the teenage girl wondered if that was really how it felt to have a guy's 
cock plunging in and out of her pleasure place.
 
Now, Kristy's breath was shallow and rapid as she gazed through the 
slightly open door at the sexy scene in her mother's bedroom and 
masturbated, her legs beginning to feel weak and rubbery with her 
building excitement. As she leaned against the door frame to support 
herself, the door swung opened a little farther, and her thighs moved 
more apart so her fingers could press harder up into her slit. Her 
drooling cunt was soaking through the crotch of her panties and made the 
material feel slippery to her erotic touch.
 
"Oh, God, this feels good..." the girl heard her mother whimper as the 
woman arched her back to meet her brother's thick, hot, penetrating shaft.
 
"You're the best, sis," her uncle replied in his deep, mellow voice, his 
ass pumping constantly up and down like a machine, his cock shafting into 
the women over and over again. "Ever since we were kids, you've always 
been the best..."
 
Ever since... Jesus Christ!
 
The meaning came crashing through the haze of pleasure building in her 
body. God, that means they've been doing it since they were kids, Kristy 
thought, maybe even as young as me; maybe even as young as Eric...
 
A vision of her little brother, wearing just his white underwear briefs, 
flashed in the girl's head. In her mind she could picture his little 
boyish cock, hard and straight, pushing out against the front of his 
white underwear as he walked around the apartment. As her pleasure 
quickly grew between her thighs, she began to imagine what it would look 
like if he wasn't wearing any underwear; if he was naked; if he was.....
 
She closed her eyes and imagined the exciting and forbidden scene in her 
mind as her fingers moved harder and faster against her panty-covered 
mound. From experience, Kristy knew how much pressure to apply and just 
where to apply it. She could feel the thick, intense pool of pleasure 
building between her legs just waiting to explode throughout her body. 
The fifteen-year-old girl felt the musky wetness from her pussy flooding 
the crotch of her panties as she fingered herself, driving her body 
toward that ultimate release of wonderful sensations.
 
The slapping of the two adult bodies echoed more loudly in the bedroom. 
Through the partially open door Kristy watched her uncle pick up the 
tempo of his fucking, his loins smacking against the firm and shapely 
up-turned ass and pussy of her mother. The women's slender legs seemed to 
be squeezing and climbing the man's body as he held himself above her, 
his cock plunging again and again into her sweet soft spot.
 
"Let's do it another way...I wanna be on top," she heard her mother say.
 
"You do, huh? God, you've always liked that position the best, ever since 
we were kids."
 
"That's because that's the way we did it the first time, remember?"
 
As the two adults talked, Ted  laid down on his sister, his long, swollen 
shaft still embedded between her legs, and rolled over onto his back, 
taking her body with him. The change is position was accomplished 
smoothly and effortlessly, as if they had done it many times before.
 
Kristy's mom ended up on top, straddling his hips and sitting down fully 
onto her brother's cock. Right away she leaned forward, placed her hands 
on the man's upper chest and, using her legs, began to move her body up 
and down. In the yellowish light Kristy could see the man's thick 
erection extending straight up in the air, disappearing when her mother 
sat down and let the shaft poke up deep inside her.
 
"Oh, God, it feels so good..." her mother murmured, throwing her head 
back and squeezing her eyes shut as she moved slowly, leisurely, over the 
man.
 
 As her slim, naked body bounced up and down on her uncle's loins, Kristy 
could see the nipples on her mother's small, round breast mounds seeming 
to stick straight out as the woman softly moaned with each plunge of her 
brother's shaft up inside her.
 
While the girl watched the completely uninhibited sex between the two 
adult siblings, the fire of the teenage girl's arousal grew between her 
legs like never before. Finally, Kristy's fingers frantically pulled down 
and to the side the elastic leg band of the bikini panties she wore, and 
the girl immediately stuffed her middle finger deeply up into her hot, 
aching fuck hole, rubbing the small shaft quickly back and forth over her 
swollen clit.
 
The horny fifteen-year-old girl leaned against the doorway, the intense 
sexual excitement making her weak with pleasure. She closed her eyes as 
her finger moved in and out between the elastic grip of her pussy lips in 
quick, short strokes. She could hear the cries and whimpers of delight 
from the two grown-ups as they fucked on the bed, and she imagined it was 
her having sex; it was her fucking so freely - fucking the boy from 
school, fucking the older teenage boy who lived downstairs, 
fucking......Uncle Ted.....
 
That sudden and unexpected fantasy flashed in her head just as her orgasm 
exploded between her legs. The girl bit her lower lip to keep from crying 
out at the sudden and powerful sexual climax that jolted her body. It was 
the most pleasurable experience she ever felt before. Her body seemed to 
shiver and convulse as she came, and an incredible flow of wetness seemed 
to gush from her slit as she continued to finger herself, prolonging that 
wonderful, delicious feeling she had discovered a couple of years before. 
 
Kristy knew just how to make herself cum and how to keep the waves of 
orgasm rolling through her body. As each orgasmic spasm began to wane, 
she would resume her manual stimulation, building to another peak of 
sexual tension that released itself with such incredible pleasure. Her 
finger would make quick, hard little circles over her clit as another 
orgasm exploded in her body.
 
Through the sexual haze she heard her uncle groan and watched as he 
grabbed her mother's hips and stopped her up and down motion. The man 
seemed to hold her down onto his cock as he pumped his cream deep up into 
her pussy. Kristy didn't know that it was the second time that night that 
her uncle had filled her mother's pussy.
 
Realizing she might be discovered, the teenage girl quietly stepped away 
from the bedroom doorway and slowly pulled the door closed behind her. 
She didn't close it completely - she didn't want the two adults to know 
that she had seen them, had watched them.
 
Kristy leaned against the wall of the hallway, the crotch of her panties 
soaked with her pussy wetness and her legs weak from her multiple orgasm. 
It had certainly been an enjoyable, and revealing, experience for the 
young teenage girl. After all, discovering that her mother and her uncle, 
the two being brother and sister, were having sex and had been having sex 
for what sounded like years and years, was certainly surprising, if not 
shocking, news.
 
Yet, somehow the whole thing wasn't really that shocking. In fact, as the 
girl made her way silently back to her bedroom, she realized that she, 
too, had felt a strange sexual yearning lately for her uncle each time he 
had come to visit. The man had a powerful sexual aura about him, one that 
seemed to melt her between her legs with just a glance, one that made her 
wet as she felt his body rub up against her.
 
Early the next morning Eric came running into their bedroom as Kristy 
began to stir from her deep sleep.
 
"Hey, Kristy, guess what? There was a blizzard last night and school's 
canceled for today. God, you should see the snow," the excited boy 
babbled as he stripped off his cotton pajamas. 
 
The girl watched through sleepy, half-opened eyes as, dressed only in his 
white cotton underwear briefs, her brother hurried across the room, 
pulled a pair of jeans out of his dresser, and slipped them on. As the 
thirteen-year-old boy moved about, her gaze focused a little closer on 
the slight bulge that seemed to push out the front of his underwear.
 
"I'm goin' over to Tom's for the rest of the day; mom says it's OK. See 
ya at supper time."
 
Kristy smiled to herself as he left, thankful for the extra sleep she 
could get. As she drifted back off to sleep, vague memories of last 
night's experience created a warm tickle between her legs and she slipped 
her hand down between her thighs, holding herself, her fingers feeling so 
nice pressed against her musky, panty-covered mound.

Chapter 1, part 2
 
It was several hours later before she stirred again. A glance at the 
clock beside her bed told her it was mid-morning, almost ten o'clock. The 
teenage girl stretched and sat up, then climbed out of bed to find out 
what was going on.
 
Her Uncle Ted sat at the kitchen table sipping coffee dressed in a 
flannel shirt and jeans.
 
"Well, about time you got up, sleepy head," he said with a little laugh.
 
"Where is everybody?" Kristy asked, still dressed in the long T-shirt and 
panties she wore to bed. She didn't feel the need to get dressed in 
anything else. After all, it was just her uncle.
 
"One of the doctors came and picked up your mom in a four-wheel drive 
truck this morning, and your brother went over to a friend's house for 
the day. He said he'd be back by supper time. So, I guess it's just you 
and me today, kid," the man said with a little smile.
 
Kristy walked through the kitchen into the living room. The couch sat in 
front of the big picture window and the girl climbed up, leaned over the 
back, and gazed out at the parking lot and the wintry scene below.
 
"God, it sure snowed," she remarked, not really to anyone.
 
Through the doorway Ted could see his niece from the kitchen table. As 
the fifteen-year-old girl leaned over the back of the couch and looked 
out the window, her T-shirt crept up revealing the girl's shapely 
panty-covered behind that her uncle had been admiring for several years.
 
Even though he was in his early forties, the man had a strong sexual 
hunger for young teenage girls. He found them so excitingly eager and 
enthusiastic in their discovery of sex, so fresh, so sweet, and much more 
arousing than women his own age. He knew it was probably from his early 
sexual experiences with his sister and her friends as a young teenage boy 
that developed his appetite for young girls. He'd had lots of sex in 
college and afterwards with women his own age or even slightly younger, 
but he never found it nearly as exciting or interesting. He knew what he 
really wanted, what really turned him on: girls in their early teens, 
about thirteen to sixteen, their bodies just developing and their 
curiosity and desire to learn and experience sexual things strong.
 
He had never been married or had any desire to settle down, and his job 
as a salesman was the perfect way to go from city to city and town to 
town enjoying the favors of local young girls. About ten years ago he 
found a doctor willing to perform a vasectomy on him, permanently 
sterilizing him so he didn't have to worry about getting any of these 
horny young girls pregnant and really fucking up his life. Besides, when 
the girls found out that they didn't have to worry about birth control 
with him, their last defensive barrier to his charms seemed to crumble 
and they became very willing and happily eager participants in his bed.
 
Ted learned to find these young teenage girls in malls, especially the 
video arcades, and he was constantly amazed at the ease with which he 
could talk them into coming back to his hotel room. After he found a 
couple of horny and willing girls in a certain city, he would often 
convince them to bring their friends to him. After a while he kept a 
small notebook with names and phone numbers, calling up these girls 
whenever he was in town for a couple of days. 
 
Like most teenagers they were almost constantly horny, and the girls were 
usually happy to hear from him. He would often have sex parties with 
groups of them, often in his hotel room at night and sometimes at one of 
the youngster's homes while their parents were away. Ted was always 
amazed at the number of parents that left their young teenage kids alone 
for a weekend.
 
The sex parties often included ten or more teenage boys and girls, some 
as young as eleven or twelve, and even some with brothers and sisters, 
drinking, smoking a little pot, and constantly fucking and sucking up a 
storm. Ted provided the booze, the pot, and the condoms and, of course, 
the older man was always a participant. At first, his big cock scared a 
few of the young girls until they felt his thick meat filling up their 
tight little teenage twats and giving them such great orgasms. Then they 
were eager to ride his pole whenever they had the chance.
 
On his periodic visits to his sister and her family he had watched his 
niece growing up and filling out, his prick constantly hard in his pants 
as delightfully dirty thoughts rolled through his head whenever she was 
around. He wasn't sure how his sister would react if he fucked her 
daughter, so he kept his hands off, content with fucking the girl's 
mother whenever he stayed over-night. But, today seemed almost too good 
to be true and, as he gazed at the youngster's delightful behind and saw 
the way the brief triangle shape of her panties pulled tightly over her 
shapely teenage ass and bunched up slightly in the cleft between those 
two wonderful globes of firm flesh, he decided it was time to see how 
willing his young niece could be. 
 
Kristy climbed down from the couch and joined her uncle at the kitchen 
table. She poured herself a glass of orange juice from the pitcher and 
the two made small talk about the weather and school. The girl felt a 
little self-conscious around the man, remembering what she had seen the 
night before, what she had felt, and what she had done to herself 
afterwards. It made her feel a little awkward and embarrassed as they 
talked. Pictures and images of her uncle and her mother clouded her head. 
She found her mind had been wandering and she only caught the end of her 
uncle's question and asked him to repeat it.
 
"I said, how's your sex life? I mean, an attractive girl like you with 
such a great body must have lots of boys wanting to take you out."
 
"I've...never dated very much. I've gone out with boys a couple of times, 
but not very often."
 
"Are you shy?"
 
"I guess...kinda.."
 
"Did the boys kiss you when you went out?"
 
"One did.."
 
"Did he try to do anything else; to touch you?"
 
God, the questions were getting awful personal. But there was something 
about the man, something about the soft sound of his warm, deep voice the 
compelled her to answer.
 
"He...touched my breast...as he kissed me."
 
Ted smiled knowingly.
 
"And you liked it, didn't you? You liked the way it felt. You liked the 
feel of his fingers squeezing your little breasts, pulling at your 
adorable nipples."
 
Remembering, she squirmed a little in her chair. It had happened just a 
couple of weeks ago and she had liked it; she had liked it a lot and 
hadn't wanted the boy to stop. It was the first time that someone else 
had created the warm wetness seeping into her panties and the delicious 
glow itching between her legs. It was somehow different than when she did 
things to herself: more exciting, more arousing. The high school boy had 
used both of his hands to gentle massage her firm, peach-sized breasts 
through her blouse and her bra as their mouths connected, tongues 
hungrily swishing and swirling inside each others' mouths. It had made 
her whole body glow with desire, the same glow she had felt last night as 
she watched through her mother's bedroom door.
 
"Come on, you can tell me about it," her uncle said, quietly encouraging 
her, his dark eyes connecting with hers, holding her with them, and 
seeming to look deep into her, all the way down to that spot of wondrous 
pleasure between her legs. 
 
"Yeah..I liked it," Kristy softly replied, unable to break with her 
uncle's gaze, feeling that warm glow again in her body and the moist 
tickling between her thighs.
 
"It felt good, didn't it? I'll bet it made your pussy wet, too. I'll bet 
you didn't really want him to stop. I like making young girls like you 
feel good, too; feel really good."
 
Kristy's body seemed to be glowing with a strange warmth, and her face 
felt hot and flushed; she felt like her head was floating. The sexy, 
dirty words and thoughts were making the fifteen-year-old's head spin and 
the wetness between her legs grow. It felt the same as last night when 
she watched her mother and Uncle Ted fucking, and almost as good as the 
wonderfully intense sensations of pleasure she experienced later on in 
her bed, her fingers inside her panties poking into her pussy, the almost 
electric shock of sexual orgasm jolting her.
 
Ted was experienced enough to see the effect he was having on his niece. 
He could feel the sexual energy that was rapidly developing between them.
 
"Would you like me to make you feel good?" he finally said softly after a 
few seconds of deep silence, no longer in doubt about the answer.
 
From far away she heard herself answer in a small voice.
 
"Yes..."
 
"Come here.."
 
The teenage girl got up and slowly walked around the kitchen table to 
where her uncle was sitting, stopping in front of him as he sat and 
turned to the side on his chair. As the fifteen-year-old stood still in 
front of her uncle, Ted put his hand out and lightly caressed the inside 
of her leg near her knee. Slowly, he slid his hand up and down, his 
fingers lightly grazing over the inside of her bare leg, loving the feel 
her the teenage girl's smooth skin. After a moment his hand began to move 
higher and higher, his finger tips making small circles on her lower 
thigh, then upper thigh, as his hand finally disappeared beneath the 
bottom of her long T-shirt. 
 
Ted felt the inside of the girl's other leg slid along the back of his 
hand and he knew he was close to his goal.
 
Kristy didn't move a bit as her uncle's fingers glided over the inside of 
her leg and thigh. Though it tickled a little at first, almost 
immediately the warm glow between her legs seemed to grow hotter and 
wetter as the man's hand inched higher and higher under her T-shirt and 
toward her loins. She knew what he wanted to do, what he wanted to feel. 
She wanted to feel it, too.
 
Ted felt the cotton crotch of his little niece's panties rub against his 
finger and, holding his hand up and down, he applied more pressure 
upwards, the edge of his hand sawing back and forth over her pussy mound. 
The man felt the dampness that had already begun to form as the teenage 
girl's arousal grew, and he slowly moved his hand between her legs, the 
side of his first finger pressing up into the cleft of her cunt.
 
"You're wet already, aren't you? You really like this, huh?" The man's 
voice was so soft, so compelling.
 
"Mmmmm..." is all she answered, a soft moan escaping her lips. She liked 
the frank sexual talk but, even more, she liked what her uncle was doing 
to her.
 
Ted looked up at the girl's face and saw that her eyes were closed as his 
hand never stopped it's slow, firm movement back and forth over her 
pussy. He could feel the folds of her little sex slit as the material of 
her panties began to sink in between her pussy lips.
 
After another minute of just feeling the youngster, the older man dropped 
his hand and sat back.
 
"Take your panties off," he said softly, but firmly, a commanding tone in 
his voice.
 
The fifteen-year-old girl hardly hesitated at all; it seemed the right 
thing to do. She lifted the hem of her T-shirt and grasped the elastic 
waistband of her bikini panties with her finger tips. Bending at the 
waist, the girl rolled her panties down her slender thighs and legs, 
lifting each foot as she slipped them off and dropped them on the kitchen 
table. 
 
Ted could smell that wonderful sweet, yet pungent, odor of his niece's 
cunt oil that already coated the crotch of her panties, and his cock 
twitched inside his jeans. He wasted no time in lifting his hand back up 
between niece's tender teenage thighs to caress her seeping pussy. 
 
This time, as Kristy breathlessly watched her uncle's hand moving up 
toward her sensitive sweet spot, she moved her feet farther apart, 
wanting the man to be able to freely touch and excite her. She loved what 
he was doing and the feelings he created in her loins, and she gasped 
with pleasure at the first delicious contact of her uncle's fingers with 
her naked pussy. It felt so much better than when she did it to herself - 
so much better.
 
The man saw his niece separate her thighs and turned his hand so he could 
completely cup her delightful pussy mound. Ted smiled to himself. God, he 
thought, these teenage girls are always so god-damned horny, and once 
they get turned-on, they're so willing to drop their panties and spread 
their legs for just about anyone. The short, soft, silky fur that cover 
her cunt tickled the palm of his hand as he held her there and poked the 
tip of his middle finger through her oily slit and up inside her.
 
He knew Kristy was a virgin and didn't know how open she'd be. Because of 
his attraction to young teenage girls, he'd had a number of opportunities 
to introduce girls to the pleasures of sex for the first time. Though all 
were extremely willing, some were anxious, even a little frightened, 
while others were eager and bold. 
 
He found their pussies were often quite different, too. Some had pussies 
that were almost completely covered, while others were quite open. Ted 
was always curious about each girl's virgin cunt, and he wondered about 
his niece. As his middle finger slid up inside her, she felt very open 
and very wet, ready for something other than his finger.
 
"God, you've got a great pussy..." he murmured as he fingered his niece, 
wondering if she masturbated.
 
Slowly, his finger probed up into her warm, smooth wetness, 
finger-fucking the fifteen-year-old for the first time. The other fingers 
of his hand pressed up against the rounded fur-covered lips of her 
delightful little cunt. While he slowly plunged his finger in and out of 
her fuck hole, he moved his hand back and forth caressing her, feeling 
the silky, curly hair and smooth skin of the crease of her inner thighs.
 
The sensations between her legs were so powerful that Kristy had to put 
her hand onto the table to steady herself. What her uncle was doing to 
her felt so incredibly good, like nothing she'd experienced before, and 
it made the fifteen-year-old's knees weak and shaky.
 
"God, you've got a hot little pussy..." 
 
Her uncle was getting even more bold with his language as well as his 
hand. 
 
"You're a hot pussied little girl, aren't you? .... so wet...so hot and 
wet...", he murmured, gazing up at his niece, his fingers never stopping 
their sensual movement over her slit. "You like this don't you? Come on, 
tell me...tell your Uncle Ted how much you like being finger-fucked by him."
 
"Yeah, I like it..." the girl moaned softly, her eyes closed and her 
whole concentration centered between her legs.
 
Ted slipped another finger up into her snatch. The two fingers held 
together formed a larger, thicker shaft, and stretched out her opening 
even more.
 
Kristy's body began to move slightly, her hips squirming and twisting as 
she rotated her cunt around the man's fingers as they repeatedly plunged 
up into her burning cunt. It felt so 
good...sssoooooo...ggggoooooodddddddd....
 
It was several seconds before Kristy realized that the wonderfully 
pleasurable sensations had stopped. As she opened her eyes she saw her 
uncle getting up, his hands pulling at the zipper on the front of his 
pants. As time seemed to move almost in slow motion, the teenager watched 
the older man pull his zipper down, reach inside the opening, and pull 
out his large, thick male organ.
 
She'd seen the outline of her younger brother's cock sticking out against 
the front of his underwear briefs lots of times before, but it was 
nothing compared to the size of this man's pole as her uncle's cock poked 
up, hard and long, through the open zipper. He's going to have sex with 
me, she thought to herself, and I want him to... I want him to put his 
cock up into me.. God, I want it...
 
"Turn around and lean over the table...yeah, that's it." 
 
Light-headed, almost as if she was in a haze, the fifteen-year-old obeyed 
the deep, commanding voice. She felt her uncle's hand hold her shoulders 
and turn her body. When she felt the edge of the kitchen table against 
the front of her thighs she bent forward and rested her hands on the 
table top, her arms locked straight in front of her.
 
Ted lifted the bottom of her T-shirt up over her hips, his hands around 
her waist and the bottom of the shirt laying over them. With the outside 
edge of his left foot he applied some pressure against the inside of 
Kristy's left ankle and the young girl stepped her foot out farther, 
opening her legs even more.
 
The man pressed his loins up against his niece's firm, taut ass, running 
his big hard cock up and down through the deep, narrow crack between the 
two soft globes of flesh. Looking down, he watched his rod slid back and 
forth, a drop of moisture seeping from the tiny hole at the tip. He 
moaned quietly at the exquisite sensations of the niece's behind on his 
cock. But, there was more pleasure waiting.
 
As he pulled his rod down through her ass cleft a final time he dipped 
his cock head lower and searched for her slit and cunt opening. Keeping 
one hand on her waist to hold her T-shirt up, Ted reached down and 
grasped his thick, hard prick, guiding it to it's goal. Finally, he felt 
the warm wetness of her pussy lips surround the tip and pressed upwards 
slightly with his hips. 
 
The tight rubbery folds of the girl's cunt fully gripped his cockhead and 
he put both of his hands up around her narrow waist again. Holding her 
still, he thrust up even more, and felt his cock begin to slide up into 
her hot tightness.
 
Ted paused for a moment when he heard his niece gasp.
 
"Am I hurting you?"
 
"God, no, it feels wonderful..."
 
The man grinned and renewed his efforts. Feeling about half of his shaft 
surrounded by the girl's velvety tightness, he pulled back, letting it 
slip a little out of her. Slowly back and forth his hips hardly moved at 
all, as his prick delved little by little deeper into her gripping sexual 
wetness.
 
More and more he began to move in and out of her more easier. After a 
minute or so, he figured he was fucking about three-quarters of his cock 
into his niece, and that was plenty for now. Holding her around the 
waist, he set up a nice, easy rhythm, his strokes sliding in and out of 
her from behind, the warm, round curves of her ass rubbing up against the 
front of his pants each time he shafted into her. 
 
God, she feels so good, so fucking good, Ted thought to himself. He 
picked up the pace even more, her soft, moist girl tightness pulling at 
his thickness as he plunged his cock in and out of the teenager. 
 
Kristy was completely lost in what was happening to her. She wasn't aware 
of time or space or nearly anything else except the indescribable 
feelings that filled her up between her thighs like she'd never 
experienced before. She did feel the pressure of her uncle's hands as he 
held her tightly around the waist and the man's hot breath on the back of 
her neck as he stood close behind her. And she heard herself groan, 
almost like it was from far away in the distance, as wave after wave of 
pleasure swept up from between her legs and exploded in her head.
 
The fifteen-year-old felt her uncle's body pressing against the back of 
her and bent forward even more. She rested her elbows on the table and, 
unashamed, offered the older man her teenage ass and pussy. She lay 
still, her body completely enveloped in utter sexual pleasure as Ted's 
thick shaft filled her tiny twat and each inward thrust of his rod rubbed 
wonderfully over her swollen clit. 
 
As she bent over even further, the pressure became even more exquisite, 
more electric. The young girl felt the tension growing quickly, 
uncontrollably, and she bit her lip to keep from crying out as, without 
warning, everything seemed to explode in her head and shocks of orgasmic 
pleasure rolled through her body.
 
Ted felt the teenage girl's body tense and quiver as he continued to 
pumped into her from behind, and he knew from experience that she was 
cumming. He was glad, too, because he was right behind her. The familiar 
contraction in his balls signaled they were about to spew, and the man 
slowed down and took several long, leisurely strokes into his niece from 
behind as his thick cock erupted deep inside her delicious pussy.
 
Kristy felt the hot, wet heat of her uncle's cum filling her cunt. The 
sensation only deepened the enormous pleasure she was already 
experiencing. She could feel each jolt, each spasm of his cock as he 
jetted his thick male juice into her. Don't stop, she thought through the 
fog in her brain, God, don't stop....
 
Ted held himself inside her for a few minutes, just enjoying the 
after-glow of his climax and the tender warmth of his niece's young body. 
Finally, he slowly backed away from her, his softening cock pulling out 
from between her pussy lips with a soft, wet plop. The man's flaccid 
prick hung down through the fly of his pants, the large tip drooping 
toward the floor. 
 
"Come on..." he told the girl.
 
He turned and headed for the bathroom to wash off his flaccid, sticky 
shaft with some warm water, Kristy meekly following, her uncle's thick 
cream beginning to run down the inside of her thighs. She watched the man 
clean himself, and she was a little disappointed when he stuffed his 
softened rod back into his pants, pulled up the zipper, and left. Taking 
the washcloth from him, she cleaned herself, her hands still trembling 
from the after-effects of her orgasm.
 
CHAPTER 2
part 1
 
After cleaning up and washing and drying her hands, Kristy walked back 
out to the kitchen. Uncle Ted was sitting at the kitchen table again 
sipping his coffee. He gave her a big smile as she walked in. She 
returned the smile with one that was a little uncertain, a little 
embarrassed by what had just happened.
 
Ted saw the look that flashed across her face.
 
"Come here."
 
As Kristy approached, her uncle stood, wrapped his arms around her and 
held her tightly. She liked it. When his body pulled away a little she 
tilted her head up and their mouths joined together, tongues searching 
and exploring. 
 
Finally, after several minutes of their tongues licking and exploring 
inside each others' mouths, they broke the connection.
 
"Get dressed," Ted told his niece, "let's go shopping."
 
"Shopping? Now?"
 
"Yeah, I want to buy my favorite niece a couple of nice things. There's a 
store over in the mall I like to go to and buy presents for some of the 
girls I know. I want to get you something."
 
"Think it'll be open, with all this snow and stuff?"
 
"Let's go find out. Go get a shower and I'll finish my coffee. Have you 
got a short skirt?" Kristy nodded. "Go get it and let me see."
 
Kristy returned from her bedroom with a short black skirt and held it up 
to her waist. It was short, very short - the hem only reached down 
several inches below her behind. 
 
"I haven't worn it in a while. It was starting to get a little too short..."
 
"But it's not," her uncle replied with a lewd grin. "I want you to wear 
it while we go shopping, OK?"
 
Kristy took a nice, hot shower and got dressed. Her body felt unusually 
vibrant and alive. She donned clean black panties and bra, buttoned a 
dark red shirt on, and slipped into the mini-skirt Ted asked her to wear. 
The fifteen-year-old surveyed the result in the mirror. God, this skirt 
is really short, she thought. I'd better not move around too fast or 
it'll flip up and people will see everything. But, it does look kinda 
sexy on me.....
 
Ted liked what he saw when his niece stood in front of him in the kitchen.
 
"God, you've got a great body. But, I want you to do something else. Go 
back to your room and take your bra off - don't wear one. Have you got 
another top that's more, you know, tight? Clinging? Great. I want you to 
wear that, too. I want you to look really sexy when we go shopping."
 
Kristy went back to her bedroom and found the sleeveless knit top she 
often wore during the summer. She hadn't worn it yet this summer because 
it was beginning to feel a little small and fit tightly, but this is what 
her uncle wanted, and she was eager to please him. She took her bra off 
and threw it on the bed before she slipped the top over her head and 
tucked it in.
 
Ted had a big smile for the final result. His fifteen-year-old niece 
looked incredibly sexy. The knit top molded itself to her pert little 
breasts, clinging to the peach-sized mounds like a second skin. Even the 
darker, dime-sized area around her small nipples could barely be seen 
and, even as he gazed at her form, he watched the two pink nubs on the 
tips of her breasts begin to grow long and harden.
 
They put their coats on and went out to the parking lot. Maintenance men 
had begun to clean the mountains of snow from the lot, and Ted didn't 
have much problem getting his big luxury car out of the lot. The roads 
weren't too bad, and they got to the shopping mall without any problems. 
Ted pulled into the parking ramp attached to the mall. There weren't may 
cars on the first level and plenty of parking spots, so Kristy was 
surprised when the man drove through and headed up to the next level. 
This one was completely deserted. Ted pulled up in a space far from the 
mall entrance. The two got out and Ted locked the doors.
 
Inside, the mall was almost completely empty. Most of the stores had just 
opened and, except for employees, there were few other people. They took 
their coats off and Ted carried them. As they walked through the mall the 
man glanced at his young teenage niece beside him, nodding approvingly to 
himself at her trim, taut body, her slender legs so exposed by her short 
skirt, and the hard little pebbles of her bra-less nipples that pressed 
out against her top.
 
Kristy followed her uncle, not quite certain of their destination. She 
was a little surprised when he slowed down and paused in front of a store 
window display. She knew the place. It was a famous store that 
specialized in lingerie, especially very sexy lingerie. Her uncle 
motioned for her to follow him inside. The salesclerk was a tall, 
attractive woman in her early twenties. She was the only person in the place.
 
"Can I help you find something, today?" she said to Ted, her dark eyes 
flashing at the attractive man.
 
"No thanks, we're just looking," he answered with his big, warm smile.
 
"Well, if there's anything I can do for you - anything - just let me know."
 
Kristy saw the look the attractive young woman gave her uncle and heard 
the invitation in her voice. She was secretly glad to see that her uncle, 
while being friendly, also wasn't interested.
Ted moved around the shop looking for something in particular. He paused 
at a display table, searched through for a moment, then picked something 
up and called his niece over.
 
"How about these?"
 
The man help up a pair of satin red panties with legs cut way up high to 
the waist and thin black lace around the waistband. He handed them to the 
pretty teenage girl.
 
"Oo..they're pretty," she murmured approvingly.
 
Kristy felt the wonderfully soft material in her hands, then noticed 
something and glanced up at her uncle, a surprised look on her face. The 
man gave her a big, knowing grin. The girl discovered a special feature 
about the panties. Built into the crotch was an opening that went from 
the front all the way underneath and up the behind a little.
 
"I like to buy these special panties for special girls like you," he said 
quietly. "Girls say they make them feel real sexy when they wear them, 
especially under a short skirt.."
 
Kristy looked at the tag inside.
 
"They're my size, too. How'd you know?"
 
"You left your panties on the kitchen table this morning, remember?"
 
Kristy blushed at the memory. It also made her feel warm and special and 
very sexy inside.
Ted picked out another pair of the underwear, this time all black, and 
continued to browse. After a few minutes he picked out a satin, dark red 
camisole top with thin spaghetti straps and a matching pair of women's 
boxer shorts to go with it. The boxer shorts had the same special feature 
the panties had, the opening in the crotch.
 
As the older man paid for the purchases the salesclerk seemed to notice 
Kristy for the first time. Her eyes traveled between the two, wondering 
at their relationship and wondering at the outfit Kristy was wearing.
 
Back out in the mall, Ted handed his niece the bag of clothing from the 
store.
 
"There's a rest-room right over there. Go in and put on a pair of the 
panties. I'll meet you over at the restaurant." 
 
Five minutes later the girl found her uncle at a table in the empty 
restaurant having a cup of coffee.
"Do you like them?" he asked the girl as she sat down opposite him.
 
"God, I feel like I'm naked underneath, but I'm not. It's kinda 
strange...it's kinda neat..."
 
"Do you want something?" He meant at the restaurant.
 
"Yeah, I wanna....fuck."
 
Kristy was almost shocked to hear herself say the word, that powerful 
four-letter word. It was a word that she'd never used before, had never 
really even thought of using. Sure, she heard it around school plenty, 
and she knew what it meant. Some of her friends even used it casually in 
every day conversation, though hardly ever in the context of it's sexual 
meaning. But, it was appropriate for how she felt and what she wanted. 
The sexy outfit she was wearing was constantly arousing her, and she had 
felt the hardness of her nipples rubbing against the rough knit fabric of 
her top ever since they arrived at the mall. The short skirt and sexy 
panties only added to the heat and wetness she felt building between her 
legs.
 
Ted smiled at her boldness, finding it both sweet and arousing.
 
"Not yet, young lady. Let's look around a little more."
 
Ted was pleased that his niece was getting horny, again. He liked walking 
around with the desirable fifteen-year-old dressed in her revealing 
outfit. It was making him hard and horny, too. But, he wanted to build up 
the anticipation even more, and they continued to stroll among the few 
other shoppers, stopping to look at display windows and occasionally 
stepping into stores to look around.
 
Twenty minutes later both of them could feel the sexual tension between 
them building to an unstoppable peak. They headed for the parking ramp.
 
Ted's car was still the only one parked on the second level. The man 
unlocked his door and flipped the electric locks, letting Kristy in on 
her side. He started the car, turned the heater on high and the radio on 
low, and reached for his niece. She was in his arms immediately and their 
mouth opened, licking and sucking each others' tongues, pleasuring each 
other.
 
The inside of the car quickly got warm, and Ted shrugged off his coat, 
throwing it in the back seat. He help Kristy off with hers, too, and soon 
they both had their hands touch, squeezing, arousing.
There was plenty of room in the big car; that was the main reason Ted 
owned it. The darkly tinted glass windows hid them from outside view and 
the large front seat had plenty of room for certain 'activities'. Just a 
couple weeks ago, in another city, he'd met a petite, dark, very pretty 
fourteen-year-old Hispanic girl at a video arcade in a downtown shopping 
mall. Their mutual attraction was strong despite the large difference in 
their ages. That wasn't surprising to Ted. Long ago he'd discovered that 
many young girls eagerly responded to the combination of his caring, 
fatherly attitude and his strong, experienced sexuality. It hadn't taken 
much persuasion to get her into his car and let him drive her home. 
 
As soon as they were in the vehicle they were kissing, and during the 
entire twenty minute drive she'd sat very close to him, her warm, tender 
body pressed against him as her hand constantly rubbed back and forth 
over the large lump in his crotch. And as Ted drove with his left hand, 
he draped his right arm over her shoulder and slipped his hand inside the 
front of her open winter coat. The Hispanic girl didn't say a word as his 
fingers boldly cupped and squeezed her firm little breasts through her 
T-shirt and bra. When he felt the hard points of her nipples pushing out 
against his palm and heard her little moans of delight as he pulled at 
the hard little buds, the man knew he was in for a good time.
 
Ted followed her directions into a poor, run-down section of town and 
they parked in the dark alley behind her house. It was just a matter of 
minutes after he'd parked the car and turned off the lights before the 
fourteen-year-old girl had allowed the older man to peal off her tight 
jeans and small, black bikini panties and finger her horny pussy. 
 
One sex activity quickly led to another and, over the period of about 
forty-five minutes, he'd fucked her several times in the front seat of 
the big car. The first time he even fucked her from behind, doggy style, 
as she knelt on the seat: there was plenty of room. Even now Ted smiled 
to himself as he remembered the wonderful feeling as her cute, shapely 
little butt slapped deliciously against the front of his naked thighs and 
his thick cock plunged in and out of the tight, little pink opening 
between her legs. God, she had a tight one, and she was sure willing to 
do things.
 
Later on, the young girl had gotten a little nervous when she saw her 
father come out on the back porch for a few minutes to enjoy the cool, 
clear night and smoke a cigarette. But, they were parked a little ways 
down the dark alley and Ted reassured her that he couldn't see into the 
darkened vehicle. Besides, he couldn't possibly know who was in the car. 
He couldn't know that his horny fourteen-year-old daughter was in the 
wide front seat, naked from the waist down as she straddled a man's lap 
and bounced and squirmed in ecstasy on his thick, throbbing cock; a man 
as old as her own father. And he couldn't see the little girl groan in 
ultimate pleasure and convulse as she came again, her dark, firm, slender 
body writhing in her third orgasm, a big grin on her face as she felt the 
older man's cock spurting and filling her insides with his hot male 
wetness for the second time that night.
 
Ted pulled way from the warm lips of his niece's mouth.
 
"Open my pants," he quietly told her.
 
Chapter 2
part 2
 
The man stretched his legs out to make it easier for the girl. Without 
hesitation she reached over and fumbled with his leather belt, finally 
undoing the clasp. The snap was easy and the zipper came down quickly. As 
the flaps came apart, the man's big male organ lay across his belly, 
hard, pale, and pulsing ever so gently, the reddened tip already 
glistening with wetness.
 
Ted didn't usually wear any underwear. It made things much easier that 
way and it made him feel sexy, too. His young niece stared breathlessly 
at the sight of his thick male hardness.
 
"Use your fingers," she heard him say softly.
 
The young teenager reached down and lightly gripped his shaft with her 
fingers. The skin felt so smooth and soft, like velvet, yet the mass was 
warm and hard, too.
 
"Now, lightly skim your fingers up and down...yeah, that's it. 
Oooo...that feels nice.."
 
The girl had never held a cock in her hand before, had never had the 
experience of jacking a boy off. Kristy knew she was getting a late 
start. Most of her girl friends at school had been doing this to boys 
ever since they were in junior high school; or, at least by the end of 
their freshmen year in high school. By the way they talked boys seemed to 
expect a girl to play with their cocks by the second or third time they 
went out, and most girls were eager to do it, too. For most of the young 
kids today it was just about as common as kissing, but this was her first 
time to touch and feel a man's sex and it awed and excited and scared her.
 
Kristy tentatively followed her uncle's instructions and began to lightly 
slide her hand up and down the smooth, hot shaft. Thrilled by the sound 
of the man's obvious pleasure, she found her actions extremely arousing 
and smiled with joy at her ability to give him pleasure. She could see 
why the girls at school liked to do this to boys.
 
Ted reached up to her face with his hand, his fingers tracing the 
sensitive curve of his niece's lips. He used his thumb to lightly brush 
over her mouth and was pleased when she grabbed at the small shaft with 
her lips, licking and sucking on the little shaft.
 
The movement of her uncle's thumb over her lips felt so good, so sexy, 
and Kristy instinctively engulfed it with her mouth. Immediately, 
naturally, she sucked lightly on the man's thumb, her lips tightening 
around it, her mouth pulling on it. The act made her even more horny, 
even more wet between her legs.
 
After a few minutes Ted pulled his thumb out of his niece's pulling, 
sucking mouth with a soft 'pop'.
 
"Now, use your mouth on my cock, just like you were doin' to my thumb," 
the older man said softly, firmly.
 
Kristy suddenly froze, her fingers wrapped tightly around her uncle's 
thick, pulsing prick. A blow job. That's what the girls at school called 
it. She'd heard lots of talk about them ever since junior high school. 
She heard that it was real common among the kids at school and that, like 
playing with cocks, most boys expected a girl do it to them after they'd 
gone out a couple of times. Some of the girls, like her friend, Carrie, 
even bragged about their oral abilities and their skill at getting boys 
off like that. It always made Kristy a little uncomfortable and 
embarrassed whenever her girl friends giggled and talked so frankly about 
such things. I mean, it seemed so dirty, do gross....how could a girl.....
 
Now, Kristy knew. Like her girl friends at school she'd become sexually 
turned-on. The switch had been thrown and a whole wide, wonderful world 
of sexual adventures was opening up for the fifteen-year-old girl. At 
this moment, in the front seat of this car, Kristy discovered how girls 
could do this thing that, before, she'd believed to be so disgusting, 
because she wanted to do it. She was actually eager to do it to this man, 
this sexy man.
 
She scooted her body back on the seat of the car a little so she could 
lay down on her side. Her head slowly dropped toward the big, pale shaft. 
Her uncle's hand reached down and showed her how to lift and hold it 
upright at the base.
 
"Just lick around the tip for a minute. Yeah, that's a good girl. Just 
let your tongue slip all round and get it nice and wet."
 
Without hesitation Kristy followed the man's instructions. She felt the 
warm, silky smooth texture of the man's cock on her lips and tongue as 
she licked around the sculpted head. A few drops of clear juice bubbled 
from the tip and she tasted a slightly salty taste as she washed over the 
cockhead with the tip of her tongue. Turning her head to the side, her 
tongue traveled down the smooth side underneath, the thick, curly, black 
hair near the base tickling her lips before she started up, again.
 
"Mmmm...that's nice. God, you know what you're doin'...." the man 
murmured appreciatively above her. His comments made her feel good, made 
her feel special, made her feel hot and wet between her legs.
 
"Now, use your mouth on the tip like you did to my thumb...be careful of 
your teeth."
 
Eagerly, the fifteen-year-old opened her mouth wide and engulfed her 
uncle's thick, dark red cockhead. She closed her lips tightly around the 
tip, holding him tightly as she continued to wash around and over the top 
of the cockhead with her tongue. After a minute, she lowered her head a 
little and let more of the man's shaft slip into her mouth.
 
Ted gasped at the hot wetness of his niece's mouth on his prick. He was 
so horny from being with her, dressed in her sexy outfit, that he felt he 
would lose his control and shoot off into the teenager's mouth right 
away. He forced himself to calm down, focusing his mind away from the 
sudden inclination to cum, then placed his hands on the sides of his 
niece's face and showed her how to move her mouth up and down on his 
hardened member. 
 
She was a fast learner, and soon her head was bobbing up and down over 
his lap, her tightened lips pulling and sucking at the top quarter of his 
sex shaft.
 
Kristy couldn't believe how enjoyable and sexy this intimate sex act 
felt. She could see why girls really liked doing it and, by the sound of 
the moans coming from her uncle, guys really liked having it done to them.
 
Ted wanted to have some fun with the cute blond teenage girl, too. With 
Kristy laying on her side curled up on the seat like she was, it was easy 
for him to reach over and slip his hand up under her short skirt. He 
gently caressed the back of her thighs and ass, his fingers making round 
little circles over the smooth skin on the back of her legs. Gradually, 
he worked his way higher up her body until he could squeeze and caress 
the teenage girl's wonderfully tight, teenage butt with the palm of his 
hand. The curves of her round behind felt so nice and smooth covered with 
the sexy satin panties he had just bought for her, and his fingers roamed 
up and down through the crack of her ass.
 
After a few minutes of just enjoying the feel of her ass, his fingers 
searched for the opening in the crotch of her sexy new panties. He 
quickly found it, and his finger tips separated the material and delved 
in between the convenient opening. Immediately he felt the 
fifteen-year-old girl's moist pussy lips and began to caress her sex slit 
as his finger tips slightly penetrated her drooling, wet fuck hole.
 
The young girl felt what her uncle was trying to do as she lay on her 
side on the car seat. She moved her top leg forward and opened up the 
area between her legs even more, wanting him to do things to her, to make 
her feel good and wet and sexy. Her mouth was already filled and the 
young girl was hungry to be filled in her other mouth-like opening that 
gave her so much pleasure. Kristy gasped, her mouth full of her uncle's 
cock, as the older man's thick middle finger suddenly slipped deeply up 
into her cunt, flicked over her clit, and began to thrust slowly in and 
out of her.
 
Ted sat in the front seat of the car with his pants down around his 
ankles and leisurely finger-fucked his niece. He held the palm of his 
hand flat against her panty-covered behind as his finger slid in and out 
between the slippery tightness of her pussy lips. God, this is great, he 
thought as he gazed lustily down at his lap and watched the eager young 
girl working on his cock. He knew she was probably not going to be able 
to make him cum this time. She wasn't experienced enough to really know 
what she was doing; few young girls like this are. 
 
He thought about a young girl he'd met last year in another city. Amy had 
just turned thirteen-years-old and seemed really cute and innocent but, 
God, hard as he tried to control himself, she had him shooting off in her 
mouth in record time. He found out later that she'd been sucking off all 
of the male members of her family since she was about eight. 
 
The youngest in a family of all males, her mother had died suddenly of 
cancer shortly after Amy turned eight, and soon afterwards her father 
began to train her to relieve his sexual desires with both her mouth and 
hands. From the very first she didn't mind what her father made her do to 
him. In fact, she really enjoyed the closeness of their intimate act and 
the way it made her father feel good and made her feel wanted and needed. 
She was always eagerly excited when her dad came into her room several 
nights each week and slipped off his underwear to have her release his 
built-up desires. The little girl would sit up on the edge of her bed, 
her mouth and hand working together as her father stood naked before her 
and murmured quiet, dirty words as he lightly petted her head. And she 
soon learned to recognize the funny grunting sound the man would make 
just before his cock exploded, and Amy would lift her mouth off and use 
just her fingers to finish the job as wads of cream spewed from the 
reddened tip.
 
Although she really liked doing this with her father, she didn't like the 
taste or feel of the man's cream in her mouth, and her daddy never made 
her keep his cock in her mouth when he came. But, she'd happily skim her 
fingers quickly up and down the long, pale shaft as his thick, warm 
liquid spurted from the tip and splattered over her hand.
 
When Amy was about ten or eleven her two older teenage brothers found out 
what their father had been doing with her for the past several years and 
they threatened to tell the police unless their dad had her do them, too. 
It made her father really upset at first, mostly because he didn't want 
to get in trouble with the police and maybe go to jail. He talked to her 
about it, saying he was sorry but that she'd have to start to do her 
brother's, too.
 
The little girl didn't mind at all. In fact, Amy really enjoyed 
performing this intimate sex act, especially now that she was beginning 
to feel the stirrings in her own loins, and she was only too happy to 
oblige all of them.
 
The boys weren't allowed to fuck her, much as they wanted to; her father 
wouldn't allow that and he threatened to beat the shit of them if they 
even tried. But, hardly a day went by when she wasn't sucking off at 
least one of them. Often, in the evening, her father and brothers would 
sit around the living room with the lights off watching porno videos, 
their pants open as they openly masturbated. The little girl would make 
the rounds between them, her hands, fingers, and mouth helping them spew 
their cream as they watched the sexy movies and got off.
 
Lately, she'd been letting them rub her between her legs or unbutton her 
shirt and play with her barely visible titties as she sucked on their 
always-horny cocks, and that was starting to feel really good, too. She 
didn't wear a bra yet, and her brother's fingers pulling and pinching her 
bare little nipples made her slit warm and wet.
 
They never beat her or hurt her or treated her badly. In fact, they 
treated her very special, especially if she did a good job and, after a 
while, it just became a normal part of the household routine. Ted told 
her about his own sexual experiences with his sister that began at an 
early age and they felt a special closeness sharing their stories of 
early sexual awakening. 
 
Although she was still a virgin and wanted to stay that way for a while 
longer, she still liked to attend the sex parties Ted hosted whenever he 
was in that particular city. She had an experienced and talented mouth 
and hand, and the boys really loved having her there. Lately, she had 
allowed Ted and some of the other boys to perform oral sex on her, too. 
God, did she like that, and the last time he'd seen the girl she'd told 
him that her brothers were doing her like that, too.
 
No, his niece was not nearly as good as that experienced little girl. 
But, with more practice, he knew she'd learn; and he was very willing to 
let the fifteen-year-old practice on him as much as she wanted.
 
"Mmm...yeah, baby, that's good....mmmm", the man crooned, petting his 
niece's hair as her head slowly moved up and down over his lap, her lips 
pulling eagerly at his maleness. "God, you've got a nice pussy...."
 
His thick middle finger continued to plunge in and out of her sopping 
cunt hole. Her heard the girl groan as the wonderful sensations built 
between her legs, her mouth full of his cock. God, I've got to fuck her, 
again, Ted thought. He put his hands on the sides of her face and lifted 
her head up.
 
"I want you to sit up....sit over my lap."
 
The blond girl understood right away what the man wanted her to do. She 
smiled wickedly at him as she climbed over him, setting her knees on the 
seat of the car on either side of his hips, straddling his lap.
 
"Put me inside you."
 
Kristy reached down with her left hand and found the man's big, thick 
organ, still very wet and slippery with the juices from her mouth. 
Lifting the swollen shaft straight up, she parted the slit in the crotch 
of her panties with the cockhead and felt the tip push aside the outer 
lips of her moist pussy. Lowering herself a little, the youngster felt 
the tip begin to move up inside her as she sank slowly onto the older 
man's hardness.
 
Little by little Ted's cock slid between the rubbery tightness of her 
cunt folds and up into his young teenage niece. He had his hands under 
her short skirt holding onto the sides of her slender hips as she 
straddled him. The skin of her thighs was smooth and warm on his fingers 
and the material of her panties felt silky on his palms as he guided the 
high school girl more and more down onto his throbbing thickness.
 
At last he felt her behind settle onto the front of his hips and he knew 
he was fully inside her. It felt very strange and very arousing knowing 
his cock was splitting the slit in the crotch of her panties and was 
buried up her wonderfully tight little cunt, yet feeling her panties on 
his bare legs. It was almost as if he was fucking his niece while she 
still had her clothes on, which, in fact, he was.
 
Ted often bought these kinds of sexy clothes and underwear for some of 
his special young girls. They seemed to like the gifts he gave them, and 
were eager to wear them whenever they were with him. The crotchless 
panties, especially, made public fucking very easy, and the thrill of 
potentially getting caught having sex was extremely arousing to the girls 
and to Ted.
 
Kristy loved what was happening to her and wasted no time in setting up a 
rhythm, that exquisite rhythm of sex. Setting her hands on her uncle's 
shoulders, the fifteen-year-old girl lifted herself up and felt the 
wonderfully delicious sensation of his thick male sex shaft pull out of 
her. Then, she let her body weight pull her back down onto her uncle's 
prick. Slowly, deliberately, the young girl moved up and down over the 
man's lap, her eyes closed and her body and mind completely lost in the 
indescribable sensations of new-found sex. 
 
It felt exciting to her, too, knowing she was fucking with most of her 
clothes still on. Wonderfully sexy and dirty thoughts flashed through her 
mind. God, maybe I should wear these panties to school, she thought. 
Maybe I can get some of the boys to do me like this during school....
 
While a virtual blizzard raged outside, the two coupled inside the warm, 
anonymous confines of the big car. Ted joyously fucked his 
fifteen-year-old niece, his hands holding her firm, shapely, panty-clad 
behind over him as she joyously rode him, sticking herself again and 
again onto the man's wonderfully thick cock. Up and down the blond girl's 
slender teenage body moved above him, his shaft thrusting continually in 
and out of her tight, oily pussy, the incredibly fire of sexual pleasure 
building in his loins. 
 
He wanted to cum badly; he wanted to shoot off inside the luscious little 
pussy that was pulling as his cock like some warm, wet mouth. He felt his 
niece begin to move faster over him, her ass banging down onto his shaft 
with each hard down-stroke, driving herself down onto his rock-hard cock.
 
"Mmmmm..." she moaned softly, a sound that seemed to come from far away.
 
Ted looked up at her face and saw Kristy's eyes were closed, her 
concentration centered fully and completely on their fucking and the 
intensely pleasurable sensations building between her leg. The older man 
smiled slightly as he gazed at her cute, young face, very pleased that he 
was turning her onto sex. The smile became an involuntarily groan as he 
felt her cunt muscles grip and squeeze his shaft.
 
"God, you feel good..." he murmured to her. Another groan was her only reply.
 
Even faster she began to move over him, her body almost bouncing up and 
down on his lap. He didn't know if she was going to cum, but he was 
nearly there. The characteristic tightening in his balls told him it 
would be just a few more seconds before he exploded inside her.
 
"Oh, Gooodddd.... fffuuuckkkk...." she cried out above him, her breath 
hissing through clenched teeth and her head snapping back as her orgasm 
exploded between her thighs.
 
It was just in time. He grabbed her slender hips firmly and held her down 
onto his spewing cock. The man could feel the hot liquid spray from his 
shaft, pulsing again and again up into the young girl, each spasm sending 
another wave of wonderful sensations through his body. Ted was surprised 
at the amount of cum he was shooting - at his age it usually took him 
longer to recharge. He figured it must be his sexy teenage niece that was 
getting him so full so fast.
 
The two stayed connected for several minutes, the after-glow of their 
powerful orgasms slowly flowing from their bodies. Kristy clung to her 
uncle, her arms wrapped around his upper body as they held each other, 
enjoying their mutual satisfaction.
 
Finally, Kristy raised up and crawled off her uncle, turning and settling 
down on the car seat beside him, that "just got fucked", far-away look in 
her eyes. Ted always carried clean towels in the car to clean up after 
sex, and the two wiped themselves off as best they could before adjusting 
their clothing. Then, Kristy leaned over and gave her uncle a big kiss, 
her tongue affectionately licking inside his mouth.
 
Moving out of the parking ramp, they felt the full effects of the snow 
storm which had begun to pick up again. High winds rocked the large auto 
and blowing snow was making visibility almost impossible; it took almost 
fort-five minutes to get back to the apartment. The two ran inside, the 
wind and snow fiercely whipping at them.

CHAPTER 3, PART 1
 
They were in the apartment just a few minutes before the phone rang. It 
was Kristy's mom, Becky. She said she was going to have to stay at the 
hospital overnight because so few nurses were able to make it in. Would 
everything be OK? Would it be OK for Uncle Ted to take care of them? 
 
With a brazenly dirty grin at her uncle which she hoped didn't carry over 
the phone lines, Kristy assured her mother that it was, indeed, OK for 
Uncle Ted to take care of them, and that everything would be fine; 
actually, more than fine. Yes, they could make supper and everything 
would be all right until she could get back the next day.
 
After hanging up the phone, Kristy went into the bathroom to wash out her 
sexy, newly acquired panties. She didn't want the drying residue of her 
sexual adventure in the parking ramp to stain them. Reaching up under her 
short skirt, she slipped them off, washed them out, and left them hanging 
over the towel rack to dry. She reminded herself that she'd better take 
them down and put them away before her brother returned later that afternoon.
 
Eric sensed something was strange as soon as he entered the apartment 
later that afternoon. His sister was busy in the kitchen getting supper 
ready with Uncle Ted helping her. There seemed to be something electric 
in the air, and the boy noticed the glances passing between his sister 
and Uncle Ted, though he didn't know what they meant.
 
It also had something to do with the way Kristy was dressed. His sister 
was wearing the shortest skirt he'd ever seen on a girl. It was so short 
it barely covered her hips and behind and, each time she moved, it 
swirled and twirled up, sometimes revealing flashing glimpses of the red 
panties she appeared to be wearing underneath. Eric didn't think his 
sister was wearing a bra, either - he couldn't remember seeing her 
nipples so clearly before, not even when he'd seen her wearing just a bra.
 
The thirteen-year-old boy sat at the kitchen table and watched his sister 
move around the kitchen, his cock rock hard inside his jeans and dirty 
thoughts swirling in his head. During the past year or so, every time 
Uncle Ted came to visit, the man always brought his young nephew a secret 
gift: magazines with pictures of naked young girls, some who looked as 
young as he, and books with stories about sex, usually involving 
teenagers. Often, the books had stories about incest between brothers and 
sisters or other family members. 
 
The young boy's favorite scene in the most recent book had to do with a 
teenage brother and his nubile little sister kneeling on the floor of the 
hallway and peaking through the crack in the doorway of a bedroom as they 
watched their mother getting fucked by a neighbor. As the two kids 
watched the torrid sex scene, the brother reaches up under his sister's 
skirt and pulls her panties down. Then, the boy unzips his jeans and runs 
his cock up and down through the tight crack of his little sister's ass 
from behind. The young girl really loves it, and the brother ends up 
fucking her in the ass as they watch their mother getting fucked from 
behind, too.
 
Whenever Eric read the dirty books and looked at the sexy magazines he 
would masturbate, giving himself some great orgasms. As he became more 
and more aroused from the stories and the pictures, he would undo his 
jeans and slip them off along with his underwear. Naked from the waist 
down, the little boy would then sit on his pillow on the edge of his bed, 
press the sides together, and run his hard little cock up and down 
through the tight crease in the pillow as he looked at the pictures and 
fantasized about the girls, finally making himself shoot off. The first 
time he did this he creamed all over the pillow case. But, he soon 
figured out how to have a tissue or piece of toilet paper nearby so he 
had something to cum into and not make such a mess.
 
Since he and his sister shared a bedroom, it was difficult for the 
thirteen-year-old boy to find private moments to get himself off, though 
lately he usually managed to masturbate at least once a day. 
 
For the past couple of months, as he humped his prick though the 
wonderful soft-tightness of the pillow between his legs picturing himself 
having sex with the young girls he read about, his sister became the one 
he was doing sex things with and lovely, dirty thoughts of fucking her 
filled his head and made his cock hard almost all of the time. 
 
For a while, now, Eric had been watching her more closely as she changed 
clothes in the bedroom with him there, admiring the way her breasts 
filled out her bra and, in his mind, comparing her body to the pictures 
of naked young girls he saw in the magazines. He especially liked to look 
at that special secret place between her legs as she walked around the 
room in the small bikini panties she liked to wear, his eyes secretly 
glued to her crotch and his cock hard and throbbing. Sometimes, as he lay 
in bed watching her get dressed in the morning, he would slip his hand 
down inside his underwear and stroke his swollen sex shaft. That felt 
especially good.
 
The young boy was getting more bold, too. He wasn't at all shy or 
embarrassed about his sister seeing his erect member pushing out the 
front of his white cotton underwear briefs, or the small spots of wetness 
the fluid of his excitement created on the front of his underwear. In 
fact, he secretly liked the idea of a girl seeing him so hard and horny, 
even if it was his big sister, and these thoughts made his cock twitch 
deliciously. Lately, whenever his mother wasn't home and it was just the 
two of them at home, he walked around the house just wearing his 
underwear briefs, purposely letting his sister see his thirteen-year-old 
cock creating a long, hard bulge in the front.
 
These thoughts were swarming in his brain as they finished their supper 
and Kristy walked around the kitchen cleaning up, her short skirt 
flipping and flying with each sharp movement of her slender hips. Eric 
saw the sly smiles being exchanged between the fifteen-year-old girl and 
Uncle Ted, but the boy still wasn't completely certain what it all meant.
 
After supper, Ted suggested that they watch a movie in the living room. 
He went to his suitcase and came back with a video, saying it was a 
special movie that he thought his niece and nephew would really enjoy. 
Kristy turned the lights off and darkened the room as the man put the 
video in the VCR and turned the TV on. They all settled on the couch - 
Ted at one end, Eric at the other, and Kristy in the middle between them 
sitting with one foot on the floor and the other curled under her. Eric 
furtively glanced down at his sister's crotch as she sat beside him, 
hoping to catch a glimpse of the area between her legs as the short skirt 
rode high up on her thighs. But, the hem still cover her there, though 
just barely.
 
Without any fancy opening or credits or anything, and with only a little 
bit of sound, the video immediately began with the far-away view of a 
large living room and what seemed to be about a dozen or so naked people 
sitting on chairs or laying around on the floor. As the camera view got 
closer and more focused, it was obvious that the naked people were all 
young teenage kids engaged in various sex acts with each other. 
 
The camera immediately zoomed in on one very slender, blond-haired girl 
with small, pointed, child-like breasts as she knelt on the floor 
enthusiastically sucking a young boy's cock. Both of the youngsters were 
naked. The young boy sat on the edge of a large, over-stuffed chair, his 
skinny, hairless legs wide apart as the girl knelt between them, and he 
softly petted her head and murmured things that you couldn't quite hear.
 
With a jerky motion the camera moved to the side and got closer, focusing 
in on the side of the young girl's face. She held the boy's cock upright 
with both of her hands as her head slowly bobbed up and down, taking his 
shaft almost completely into her mouth. You could even see her sunken 
cheeks as she slowly pulled and sucked at the small, pale shaft with her 
tightened lips. Then, she used her hand to gently stroke up and down the 
boy's slender, slippery prick. Neither of the kids could have been more 
than thirteen or fourteen-years-old, but the girl certainly seemed to be 
experienced and completely at ease with what she was doing.
 
After a moment the angle widened, turned a bit and, right beside them, a 
somewhat chubby, homely-looking girl with very short, curly brown hair 
was on her hands and knees getting frantically fucked from behind by 
another young boy who seemed much short and smaller than her. The girl 
had large, soft breasts with long nipples that hung down and wobbled each 
time the boy's nearly hairless loins collided with her wide, pale ass as 
their bodies slapped frantically together.
 
At first, the boy held onto the chubby girl's hips as he pummeled her 
butt with his thin cock. Then, he paused a moment, leaned over her back 
and grabbed her large breasts in his hands, squeezing them in his fingers 
as he pumped quickly into her again.
 
The scene soon widened some more, and the camera began to pan slowly 
around the room, taking in more sex action by teenage couples and even 
groups of three or four young kids. 
 
One girl seemed a little bit older than most of the other kids, maybe 
sixteen or seventeen. She had very long, thick, dark brown hair and 
large, full, very pointed breasts tipped with long, hard nipples. The 
naked girl knelt on the floor and straddled a boy's lap as he lay on his 
back. Slowly, she moved up and down over his loins as his cock slid in 
and out of her from below. At first the camera was focused down at her 
behind and you could see the boy's prick moving completely in and out of 
her. But soon the camera moved up her body and around to the side of her 
face and you could see she had her head turned to the side, her hand 
holding another boy's cock at the base as he stood naked beside her. The 
girl eagerly pulled at the long, slender sex shaft with her mouth, her 
large nipples long, hard, and erect as her breasts wobbled and bounced 
with her up and down motion on the other boy's cock.
 
Up and down the girl bounced on the cock that stabbed straight up into 
her pussy, her movement becoming faster and more hurried. Then, as we 
watched, the girl suddenly stopped moving over the boy, jerked the other 
boy's cock out of her mouth and, with a big grin on her face, skimmed her 
fist up and down the shaft as gobs of white cream shot from the tip and 
splattered over her face.
 
The cock she held in her hand began to sag as the spurts lessened and 
finally quite altogether, and the girl released it, returning her 
attention to the boy underneath her. She bent over and put her hands down 
on the floor on either side of the boy's body and, with her straightened 
arms supporting her upper body, she once again began to bounce up and 
down on his lap. The slapping sound of their colliding flesh could be 
faintly heard on the tape as the two teenagers frantically fucked.
 
After a few minutes the camera moved again, then paused as the face and 
upper body of another pretty young blond girl filled the screen. 
Appearing to be in her very early teens, she was sitting naked in a 
chair, her hard little nipples standing out from the dime-size circles on 
the tips of her slightly raised breast mounds. She gave the camera a big 
smile and you could see that her teeth were covered with braces.
 
Some murmuring was heard from off camera, perhaps by the person making 
the tape, and the youngster  laid back against the back of the chair, 
lifted up her knees, and spread her short, slender legs wide apart as she 
boldly exposed her nearly hairless little pussy mound to the camera lens. 
With a big horny smile, she ran her middle finger in and out of her mouth 
several times, licking it sensuously and teasingly with her tongue as if 
it was a boy's cock. Finally, she reached down and slipped the narrow, 
wetted shaft between her pink pussy lips and deeply into herself. 
 
Still grinning at the lens, she began to slowly masturbate, her finger 
sliding fully in and out of her beautiful little cunt as the camera 
focused in tightly on young girl's glistening sex slit. Her middle finger 
disappeared completely inside her, up to her hand, before she pulled it 
out and ran the tip around the inside of her pussy cleft several times 
and plunged it back into herself. Eric was almost hypnotized by the 
beauty of the girl and the sheer, casual sensuality of her 
self-stimulating act.
 
It wasn't long before the speed of her finger began to increase as the 
young girl plunged it faster in and out of her sweet little pussy. She 
would alternated between finger-fucking herself and using the tips of her 
fingers to make quick circles, round and round, over her swollen clit. It 
seemed to have the desired effect because about a minute later, the lusty 
grin on the youngster's face became a grimace of pleasure almost as 
intense as pain. The hissing of her breath could be heard clearly on the 
tape as the motion of her fingers became even faster and the little girl 
drove herself to climax.
 
The muscles in her face began to tighten, then her mouth and eyes popped 
open wide as she drove two of her fingers into her fuck hole and she held 
herself, her orgasm pulsing up from between her legs.
 
After several minutes of watching the young blond finger herself and make 
herself cum, the view abruptly changed again. A large, muscular, 
athletic-looking boy was kneeling on the floor holding a girl's short, 
slender, almost stubby legs straight up in the air and wide apart. The 
fingers of his big hands gripped her thin ankles and held her small feet 
apart as he slowly stroked about half the length of his long, thick cock 
in and out of the young girl.
 
She lay on the floor in front of him and the camera focused in on her 
round, freckled face for a moment. As he watched, Eric could see that her 
eyes were closed and her head slowly turned from side to side. Soft 
moaning sounds came from the little girl as the big, older boy slowly 
slid his long, pale, sex shaft in and out of her slit.
 
After a moment, the camera panned down her short, soft, slightly pudgy 
nude body from directly above and centered on the sweet sex spot between 
her wide open thighs. You could see that the girl was pretty young, maybe 
just eleven or twelve, because she had no breasts to speak of, just two 
small, dark pink circles on her upper chest and barely any pubic hair 
growing between her legs. 
 
The camera moved closer and focused in on the little girl's loins, giving 
a clear view of the large boy's big, thick cock tilted downward and 
sensuously connecting the two kids together. Just the first part, maybe 
about half, of the long, hard shaft moved slowly, almost leisurely, in 
and out of the young girl between the folds of her nearly fuzzy snatch. 
With the camera close up it was easy to see the dark head of the teenage 
boy's glistening cock as it disappeared in the slit between her little 
pubic folds, then gradually reappeared, the tip coated with her sexual 
wetness as the boy pulled it almost all of the way out of her. 
 
Occasionally, her eyes would open and she'd look up at the boy towering 
above her and smile.
 
"Mmmmmm....yeah, do me...." the young girl softly murmured. There was no 
disguising the glint of horny, teenage lust in her eyes.
 
She was awfully young and it looked like she couldn't take all of the 
boy's big cock. But, God, she sure looked like she was enjoying what she 
could get.
 
Once, the older boy pulled back a little too far and his big shaft sprang 
upright as it released from the tight, oily grip of the little girl's 
pussy. Quickly the small, naked girl reached between her legs with her 
left hand, wrapped her nimble fingers around the thick rod, tilted it 
downward, and slipped the head back down into her wet little cunt again. 
 
This time, as the boy entered her, he began to move his hips faster, more 
hurriedly, still just about half of his cock now sliding more rapidly in 
and out of the youngster.
 
"God....feels so good...." the boy murmured quietly as he held the girl's 
short legs apart while his body rocked back and forth.
 
"..me too...." came the girl's far-off reply.
 
The kids continued to watch the torrid teenage sex video. They could 
sense the building excitement of the two youngsters and it was just 
another minute later when they heard the little girl say something like, 
"Don't cum inside me" just before the older boy's cock slipped completely 
out of her again and flipped almost straight up. This time, streams of 
white goo shot into the air from the reddened tip of his cock as the 
long, thick organ pulsed again and again. 
 
Without any hesitation, as if she'd done it often before, the young girl 
quickly reached down with her hand and wrapped her fingers around the 
boy's spurting prick. Quickly, she stroked the boy's long shaft, her 
fingers skimming up and down over the velvety surface as cum bubbled from 
the tip and dripped down onto her hand. The camera angle widened and you 
could see a grin of unconcealed delight on her face as she pumped up and 
down the full length his slimy cock, making his orgasm even more 
powerful, more wonderful.
 
He continued to hold the young girl's legs apart as he thrust his hips 
forward and the young girl jacked him off. She didn't seem to mind when 
spurts of his thick, white, sex cream splattered over her flat, narrow 
belly or dribbled down over her fingers. There was no doubt to those who 
were watching that, despite her obviously young age, this was something 
the little girl had done before, and Eric felt his hardened cock twitch 
in his pants at the thought of a eager young girl's hand so eagerly 
milking his own cock as he came.
 
It was a sexy sight to watch. Ted had several of these videos from a 
camera he had recently purchased. Lately, at some of the sex parties, 
he'd been shooting videos of the sex action and letting the kids watch 
themselves afterwards. While the parties were mostly held in his motel 
room, some, like this one, took place at the home of one of the kids when 
their parents were gone. All the kids seemed to get a big kick from 
watching themselves fuck like horny animals, and it usually led to some 
even hotter sex. Besides, the man had something to keep himself happy 
whenever he was alone.

Chapter 3, part 2
 
Both Kristy and Eric had their eyes glued to the screen as they watched 
kids their own age so easily and casually engage in such free and open 
sex play. While they did, Eric, out of the corner of his eye, noticed his 
uncle's hand slowly caressing his sister's inner thigh high up on her 
leg, almost at the hem of her skirt. The boy didn't hear his sister say 
anything to stop the older man from doing what he was doing. In fact, as 
he tried to watch without letting them know he was watching, his uncle's 
hand completely disappeared under his sister's short skirt and stayed 
there. He figured Kristy would have to say something now, but all his big 
sister did was move her thighs a little farther apart, close her eyes, 
and make a little moaning sound.
 
Eric had read enough porno books and looked at enough magazines to pretty 
much know what his uncle's fingers were doing under his sister's skirt, 
and he was having trouble deciding whether to watch the sex on the TV 
screen or the sexy thing taking place beside him.
 
"Your sister likes what I'm doing to her," Eric heard his uncle finally 
say in that deep, hypnotic voice of his. "Do you want to see what I'm 
doing to her?"
 
In the semi-darkened living room Eric turned his head and looked down at 
his sister's lap as Uncle Ted quietly told Kristy to put lift both of her 
feet up, put them on the edge of the couch, and spread her knees apart.
 
Kristy complied and, as her knees fell open and her very short little 
skirt fell back, Eric caught his first sight of the sexy, dark red 
panties she was wearing.
 
"See what I bought your big sister today. Aren't they great? And they've 
got this opening built into the crotch so you can do things with her 
pussy - like this."
 
The television screen lit the room more than enough for Eric to see that 
his uncle's hand completely cupped the area between his fifteen-year-old 
sister's widely separated thighs. In the dim, flickering light he gazed 
in amazement as the man's thick middle finger moved slowly up and down, 
repeatedly piercing the opening in the crotch of her panties and delving 
deeply into the young girl's hot, wet cunt hole. The young boy watched, 
fascinated by his first sight of a real girl's pussy, his stiff little 
cock throbbing hard as steel inside his jeans, the tip drooling drops of 
wetness against the front of his underwear. The thirteen-year-old boy's 
head was swimming with lust and desire. He was almost light-headed and 
dizzy, his eyes riveted to the incredibly arousing sight.
 
"Your sister loves to have her pussy played with, don't you, honey," the 
man's rich, velvet voice crooned as he slowly finger-fucked his 
ever-horny teenage niece through the opening in the crotch of her 
panties, "Why don't you try it?"
 
It took a few seconds for Eric to realize that Uncle Ted was speaking to 
him. To a horny thirteen-year-old boy, this was almost too good to be 
true, even if it was his own sister. All of the fantasies he'd had of his 
shapely sister raced through his head as he watched Ted lift his hand 
away from between Kristy's smooth, widely parted thighs. The older man's 
hand seemed to almost move in slow motion as he picked up his nephew's 
left hand and placed it down on the silky material the pulled tightly 
over the girl's pubic mound.
 
Slowly, almost apologetically, the tip of the boy's middle finger 
searched for, and found, the built-in opening in the crotch of her 
panties and, for the first time, the young boy felt the warm, sticky 
wetness of a girl's pussy slit.
 
"That's it," he heard his uncle say, "now, just slip you finger down into 
her cute little cunt... yeah, like that... you can push it in all the 
way. Feels good, doesn't it. Kristy likes it, too.... Now, slowly move it 
in and out of her. There, now you're finger-fuckin' your sister. I'll bet 
you two'll be doin' this a lot more from now on."
 
Eric couldn't believe what was happening to him or how incredibly 
exciting it felt. His sister's pussy lips seemed to grip his finger as it 
moved slowly in and out of her, though her wetness made it easy to slip 
the little shaft though the opening. For a long time he'd dreamed about 
doing sex things with girls as he looked at his porno magazines, read his 
porno books, and jerked-off. But, the closest he ever got to an actual 
sex act was getting himself off with his pillow. This was ten times more 
exciting than that.
 
Kristy closed her eyes and moaned softly again. She loved the sensations 
that were flooding her cunt and spreading up through her whole body like 
thick pulsing, warm waves of pleasant heat. The horny teenage girl didn't 
really care who was exciting her hot pussy as long as someone was. Of 
course, it was going to be great having a guy around to do her like this 
all the time, even if it was her own little brother.
 
Ted sat back for a few minutes and watched the two young kids, a big 
smile on his face. He really enjoyed helping youngsters like this 
discover the fun of sex for the first time, especially if they were 
brother and sister. He had always had a special sexual relationship his 
own sister back as far as he could remember, and he was always happy to 
help other kids discover the excitement of the same kind of relationship 
with their siblings.
 
Eric was so caught up in what he was doing to his sister that, several 
minutes later, he didn't notice his uncle lean over and whisper into his 
sister's ear or see Kristy's broad, answering smile. But, he wasn't too 
engrossed to notice his sister's hand rubbing along the inner part of his 
skinny leg and slid up onto his lap. And he gasped with the utter 
pleasure that filled his loins as she found the hard lump of his little 
prick and began to squeeze and rub it with her fingers as, for the first 
time, the thirteen-year-old boy had a girl feeling and playing with his cock.
 
"Mmmmmm...." the boy groaned as his sister pressed the palm of her hand 
down over his shaft and cupped and squeezed him. His finger stopped 
moving in and out of her cunt for a moment as the sensations overwhelmed 
him and he forgot everything else.
 
Again, Uncle Ted leaned over and whispered something to Kristy.
 
Licking her lips, the fifteen-year-old girl turned sideways and used both 
of her hands to grab the snap on her brother's jeans and pull the zipper 
down. Jerking and pealing the boy's pants and white underwear partly down 
his slim thighs, she revealed his cock, small, hard, and throbbing, the 
reddened cockhead already glistening with fluid that seeped from the hole 
at the tip.
 
Kristy brought her thighs together, for an instant trapping the little 
boy's hand between them before his could pull his hand way. She put her 
feet on the floor, bent down and, holding her little brother's cock 
upright in her hands, she immediately engulfed the small, firm shaft with 
her mouth.
 
All of this happened so fast that Eric didn't realize what was going on 
until that first intense burst of pleasure as his sister's warm, wet 
mouth closed over his cock head. The boy grunted with the incredible 
sensations that seemed to explode between his legs, and he leaned against 
the back of the couch and watched his teenage sister slowly draw her 
tightened lips up along his shaft and felt her tongue lick and wash over 
his sensitive cockhead.
 
The boy found what was happening to be almost unbelievable, as if he was 
in some sexual fantasy or wet dream.
 
Their uncle found the sight very arousing, too, and he wanted to get in 
on the act.
 
"Kneel up on the couch - I think there's room," he told the teenage girl, 
helping her get up on her knees.
 
Kristy quickly followed his directions, though her lips never lost 
contact with her young brother's sweet little cock, never stopped their 
tight, sucking movement up and down the small boy's smooth, warm sex 
shaft. She was breathing rapidly, the delicious warmth of her aroused 
pussy making her loins feel heavy and tingling and wet. 
 
Ted stepped up between her separated feet as they hung out over the edge 
of the couch. He lifted the hem of her short skirt up over her hips and 
laid it up around her waist. She was wearing her white tennis shoes and 
was still completely clothed, making the sight of the sexy red panties 
she wore even more arousing. The leg openings were cut way high up on her 
thighs with just a narrow triangle of material spreading up from between 
her legs and only about half-covering her shapely round ass. The small, 
dark red elastic waistband crossed over her ass just below the top of 
that wonderful deep depression that separated the two twin globes of her 
firm girlish behind. In the flickering light from the TV he could even 
see her puffy, swollen pussy lips as they peeked out through the sexy 
opening built into the crotch of her underwear.
 
The man gazed down in sheer unbridled lust at his fifteen-year-old 
niece's delightful ass and cunt, so attractively covered with curly, 
silky blond hair. He licked his lips in anticipation as he unzipped his 
trousers and pulled his thick, swollen cock out through the fly, his fist 
making several strokes up and down the velvety shaft as it sat up 
straight and hard from his loins. God, she's a hot one, he thought to 
himself as he looked with rapture at the erotic view, his fingers 
skimming lightly over the surface of his prick. She's just like my sister 
was when we were growing up: wanted to fuck all the time once we started 
doin' it....
 
As his left hand continued to stimulate himself, he reached forward with 
his right and placed the palm flat against her inviting teenage behind. 
The outside fingers felt the slippery material of her satin crotchless 
panties while his middle finger pressed through the opening and down into 
her wet, oily slit. The tip curled up and penetrated into her fuck hole, 
and Ted moved his hand up and down a little, sliding his finger deeply in 
and out of the teenage girl's hot pussy.
 
As he slowly stroked his cock with his left hand, he leisurely 
finger-fucked his niece with his right. He could feel her sexual moisture 
seeping out of her girl slot and cover his fingers as they slipped back 
and forth over the soft, silky hair of her cunt, and his cock seemed to 
grow even harder.
 
Kristy moaned quietly, her uncle's finger having the desired effect as he 
aroused her again. God, she wanted him so badly; she wanted his cock, his 
thick, hard, beautiful cock pumping in and out of her, fucking her, 
cumming inside her...
 
The turned-on fifteen-year-old girl thrust her ass back against the 
inward plunge of her uncle's finger, telling the older man she wanted 
more as her mouth continued to eagerly pull and suck at her brother's 
hard little sex shaft. God, it felt so nice, but when's he gonna fuck me, 
she groaned to herself, the fire of lust building quickly between her legs.
 
Ted couldn't stand it any longer. The man prided himself on his ability 
to arouse young girls like this and turn them on sexually. He always felt 
in control of the situation, dictating the tempo and each move, each 
step. But, as he watched his finger move in and out of his niece's 
beautiful little pussy and felt the warm, wet, elastic grip of her cunt 
lips pulling at his finger, he began to lose it and he couldn't wait any 
longer; he had to fuck her.
 
Stepping up close behind her, his left hand guided the tip of his cock 
down against her blond-covered cunt, pushed in between the opening in the 
crotch of her panties, and slipped into the young girl. With the big 
sculpted cock head firmly wedged in place, he pressed forward with his 
hips, sinking more of his horny member into the lovely teenager's tight, 
wet pussy.
 
He didn't have to push forward very hard - his niece, feeling the older 
man's cock begin to penetrate her hot pleasure opening, rocked backward 
against him, and he quickly slid about half-way up into her delicious 
little cunt.
 
Kristy's lips momentarily stopped their movement on her little brother's 
cock and the shaft filled her mouth as she felt the wonderful sensations 
of her uncle's big cock penetrating and filling her hungry pussy from 
behind. She loved the feeling of being so filled up, so satisfied with 
his thick sex rod deep inside her, and couldn't wait to feel his hot 
cream coating her cunt, again, when he came. But, she also loved the way 
her little brother's sexy little cock fit so nicely in her mouth, and her 
tightened lips pulled and sucked at the young boy's throbbing member once 
again, even as her uncle began to slowly pump his thickness in and out of 
her from behind.
 
Eric felt like he was floating. His head seemed to be somewhere else, 
disconnected from the rest of his body and he felt as if he was losing 
his sense of reality. In a dreamy haze, the thirteen-year-old boy looked 
down at his lap and watched his pretty sister's mouth move eagerly up and 
down on him as she held his cock steady with both of her hands around the 
base. The warm, wet, sucking wetness was almost too good to be real, and 
he began to feel the tightening in his balls he knew meant the beginning 
of that wonderful release of tension as his cream spewed from his cock. 
His loins quivered at the incredible sensations of pleasure he felt that 
were so much more powerful than those he created himself whenever he 
masturbated.
 
Glancing up at the TV for the first time in a while, he saw the sex video 
was still on. Eric began to watch a scene where two cute, naked, young 
teenage girls knelt on either side of a slender, naked young boy as he 
lay on his back between them on a big double bed. Their small nipples 
stood out hard from the tips of their barely grown little tit mounds, and 
they bent over him and took turns using their mouths on the boy's cock 
just like his sister was doing to him.
 
All three of the youngsters were about his age, probably still in junior 
high, and Eric could see the little girls laugh and smile at each other 
as they each took turns sucking the boy's stiff sex shaft. First one, 
then the other, engulfed his small, but hard, cock with their mouths. 
Often, they paused at the top to lick around the darkened red tip with 
their tongues before sliding the short, skinny prick back into their 
mouth and pulling at it with their tightened lips.
 
After another minute or so, one of the girl's used her fist to quickly 
skim up and down the boy's prick several times until it suddenly began to 
squirt gobs of white cream up into the air. On the tape Eric could hear 
the girls squeal with delight as they eagerly brought the young boy to 
climax.
 
Watching the boy in the video cum was too much, and Eric felt his own 
orgasm well up from deep in his balls and explode out the tip of his 
cock. 
 
Kristy felt her brother's rod begin to pulse, and she quickly pulled her 
mouth off as the boy began to shoot off, his white goo spurting up and 
splashing down onto his lower belly. She used her hands over the small, 
slippery shaft like her uncle had taught her, gently rolling his balls 
with her fingers and making her brother's orgasm even more powerful, 
though his cream was getting all over her hand and making a mess. This 
was the first time she'd made a guy cum with her hand and her mouth and, 
watching what she had done to the boy, it filled her with lusty pleasure.
 
Eric hadn't been able to get his magazines out and masturbate for several 
days, and he felt like he was shooting a gallon of cream. Over and over 
again delightful spasms of pleasure jolted the thirteen-year-old boy's 
loins, and each sent another wad of cum into the air, the last couple 
landing on his sister's hand as she continued to slid her fingers up and 
down his pulsing, spewing shaft. He loved the way she was jacking him off 
as he came - she sure seemed to know what she was doing.
 
Ted kept up his slow thrusting movements, pumping his cock in and out of 
his niece's sweet pussy from behind as he watched the young girl get her 
little brother off with her mouth and hand. God, he thought to himself, 
she sure is a sexy little vixen - and she sure's got a fantastic little cunt.
 
When her brother's prick had finally stopped spurting, it had quickly 
shrunk down to an uninteresting little mass of loose flesh and Kristy 
began to concentrate on the delicious sensations being created by her 
uncle's cock between her legs. She started to thrust her ass back against 
the older man's wonderful penetration and, together, the two of them 
began to move faster and harder, their bodies slapping together in a 
driving rhythm of sex.
 
"God, you're good.." she heard the man say behind her, his slippery 
thickness moving more rapidly in and out of her, "such a great ass... 
such a great cunt..."
 
The words thrilled the fifteen-year-old girl. She wanted to be good - she 
wanted to be the best fuck any guy could want. God, it felt so good...so 
fucking good....
 
The heat between her legs quickly built. She was glad her uncle had 
already fucked her a couple times that day; she had already learned that 
it took a guy longer to cum if he'd already gotten off once or twice and 
she wanted to have her own climax again. 
 
She could feel the exquisite tension build in her body as her ass slapped 
against the front of her uncle's thighs, his cock plunging deeply, fully, 
in and out of her. She sensed her climax was near and picked up the pace 
even more, throwing herself back against him, impaling herself on his 
wonderfully long, thick prick.
 
"OH...GGGOOOODDDDD...FFFFUUUCCCCKKKKK" she whined out loud, her orgasm 
slamming into her brain. 
 
Ted heard the young girl cry out and watched as her head snapped back, 
her eyes tightly closed and her mouth open in a silent scream as she came 
hard, really hard.
 
Watching her cum like that triggered his own powerful climax. Feeling the 
contractions of pleasure swell up between his legs, the older man thrust 
a final time deep into her, his loins slapping against her panty-covered 
behind. He put his hands around her slender waist and held the girl's ass 
tightly against him, his pulsing cock deep inside Kristy as his balls 
pumped and, for the third time that day, drained into his 
fifteen-year-old niece's delightful pussy.
 
The elastic grip of her cunt opening squeezed the base of his cock 
tightly, and felt so incredibly good as spasm after spasm of pleasure 
jolted through his body. 
 
For a moment the two seemed almost frozen together, neither one of them 
moving as they enjoyed the intimate connection and ultimate pleasure they 
created together. Little by little, Ted felt the throbbing contractions 
of his cock lessen and his shaft begin to shrivel, though the teenage 
girl's moist pussy folds still held him firmly. With a final groan of 
pleasure, the man slowly stepped back, pulling his flaccid prick out of 
his niece. His cock hung out through his open fly, sticky with the girl's 
sex juice.
 
"God, what a mess", he said with a little laugh, "we'd better get cleaned 
up". He headed for the bathroom. With a warm wash cloth he cleaned 
himself before zipping his cock back into his pants. He was leaving as 
Kristy entered, a warm smile and that 'just fucked' look on her face as 
she passed her uncle. She slipped the second pair of panties off and, 
like the first, washed them out and hung them on the towel rack to dry. 
With a wash cloth she, too, cleaned herself, wiping her brother's sex 
cream from her hand and arm and mopping up the trickle of warm slim that 
dribbled down the insides of her thighs.
 
Ted was ejecting his special, personal video from the VCR when she 
returned to the living room. Eric must have already gone to bed. The man 
put his arms around the young girl and hugged her close.
 
"It's getting late and you've had a big day. You'd better go to bed and 
get some sleep," he told her softly.
 
She looked up into his eyes and grinned wickedly.
 
"Bed sounds great..wanna come with?"
 
The man bent down and planted a kiss on her forehead.
 
"God, I've created a monster," he said with a smile. "I'd love to, but 
we'd never get any sleep. You've got such a great body and fantastic 
cunt...I'd have to be inside you all the time. Now, get to bed."

CHAPTER 4
part 1
 
Eric lay in his bed floating in a haze of half-sleep. Visions of sex with 
nubile young girls seemed to fade in and out, finally vanishing as he 
fully awoke. He found himself lying on his stomach, both of his hands 
down inside his cotton briefs and his fingers wrapped around his hard 
little cock. It took several seconds before the vivid memories of last 
night's activities became clear in his mind and he smiled to himself, his 
hands pulling at his hardened shaft and making himself feel good.
 
Opening his eyes, he saw his sister lying on her single bed across the 
room, apparently still asleep. God, did we really do what I think we did 
last night?, the boy wondered to himself. Yeah, I think we did.... God, 
he was horny...She looks like she's asleep....maybe I can....
 
Pulling his hands out of his underwear and turning onto his side, Eric 
quietly bent over the edge of his bed and reached underneath to the big 
box of sports cards he kept there. No one knew that this was the secret 
place where he kept the dirty books and magazines his uncle brought for 
him each time the man visited. A smaller box filled with the cards lay on 
top of his stash of sexy literature, effectively covering and hiding them 
from his mom and sister. They never bothered with his cards and it was a 
great place to hide his secret things.
 
The boy pulled the cardboard box half-way out from under his bed and 
lifted off the top. Pushing several stacks of cards to the side, he 
grabbed one of the magazines and pulled it out. Quickly replacing the lid 
and sliding the box back under his bed, the boy again glanced furtively 
over at the form of his sister, checking to see if she was still 
sleeping. She hadn't moved at all, and the boy was sure she hadn't seen him.
 
Eric turned over on his side toward the wall, his back to his sister, and 
eagerly opened the magazine. It was a new one that Uncle Ted had given to 
him just the other day, and it was the best the thirteen-year-old boy had 
ever seen. 
 
The youngster slowly paged through, carefully examining each picture, his 
breath becoming quick and shallow in his arousal. Though the title and 
the words were in German, the pictures could be understood and 
appreciated by anyone. Page after page of sexy pictures, some in color, 
but most in black-and-white, showed young girls his age, a little older, 
and some maybe even a little younger, engaged in all sorts of sex play. 
Most of their partners were boys about his age, too, but some were also 
grown men. There were even some pictures of young girls doing sex things 
with other young girls.
 
The boy slowly turned each page and gazed intently at the pictures of 
young girls getting fucked in every conceivable position by young boys or 
men. Several sets of photos showed groups of kids enthusiastically 
engaged in group sex and getting each other off in every possible way. 
Eric found these especially exciting, and the boy wondered what it would 
be like to get together with a bunch of kids from junior high school just 
to have sex and watch others, too. God, there were sure some girls at 
school he'd love to fuck...
 
Eric's cock felt so hard, almost uncomfortable, inside the tightness of 
his cotton underwear, and he needed to release it. Holding the magazine 
open with his left hand, the boy threw his blanket back, lifted his hips, 
and used his right to peel his small white cotton briefs down his skinny 
legs and off his feet. Leaving his underwear at the foot of the bed, he 
brought his right hand up, grasped his hard, velvety smooth shaft, and 
gently squeezed it, slowly stroking his now naked little cock.
 
Mmmm..it felt good, and he continued to slowly look through the sex 
magazine lost in the fantasies the pictures created in his mind as his 
fingers skimmed lightly over the surface of his cock. 
 
"What've you got there?"
 
The sound of his sister's voice made him jump, and he quickly moved to 
pull the blanket over his naked lower body and hide the dirty magazine. 
It never occurred to him that, after what the two kids had experienced 
the previous night, it was somewhat ridiculous for him to feel 
self-conscious about being seen naked by his big sister.
 
"Nothin'.." the boy answered, turning around in the bed to face his 
sister who stood near his bed, a panicked, guilty look on his face.
 
Eric saw that she was wearing a T-shirt for pajamas like she usually 
wore, the hem of the shirt hanging several inches down below her butt.
 
"What've you got in your hand?"
 
"It's...just a magazine...Uncle Ted gave it to me."
 
"Does it have dirty pictures in it?"
 
"Yeah..."
 
"Let me see."
 
Eric knew he'd been caught and that it was useless to deny what he'd been 
doing. Accepting the situation, the boy scooted over on the bed to make 
room as Kristy sat down on the edge near him. A little embarrassed to 
have her discover his secret, the little boy reluctantly pulled the 
glossy magazine out from under the covers and handed it to his big sister.
 
Kristy slowly paged through from the beginning, and the sexy pictures of 
teenage kids engaged in all sorts of sexual activities sent shivers of 
excitement through her. She especially liked the pictures of young girls 
being fucked by adult men; it reminded her of Uncle Ted and the things he 
had taught her and done to her. The fifteen-year-old girl could feel the 
heavy, warm wetness begin to grow between her legs, nicely moistening her 
pussy. She'd heard that boys liked to look at dirty pictures and get 
excited, but that girls didn't get turned-on looking at them. God, she 
sure wasn't finding that true.
 
After a moment she stopped and examined a particular series of pictures. 
A naked, slender, very pretty girl with distinctly Asian features and 
long, black hair that hung down over her shoulders, was sitting in an 
over-stuffed chair with her legs draped over the large padded arms. Her 
slim, creamy thighs were spread apart very wide, and Kristy saw that her 
exposed pussy mound was completely bare of any hair.
 
She'd heard about some girls shaving themselves so they wouldn't have any 
pussy hair, but this was the first time she'd seen a picture of a girl 
her own age with a shaved pubic mound. She found the sight very erotic 
and very exciting, but even more exciting and arousing was the way the 
Asian girl held onto the head of another very young girl with short, 
straight, blond hair, who knelt on the floor in front of her open legs 
and was sliding her tongue up through her hairless slit with obvious 
enthusiasm.
 
This was something she'd heard about, too, but had never witnessed in 
pictures or experienced herself. Sure, she'd experienced the pleasure of 
oral sex with a grown man and, last nigh, a young boy. But Kristy sensed 
that somehow this situation, one girl doing it to another girl, was 
different. The series of eight black and white photographs showed the 
blond-haired girl mouthing and licking the Asian girl's cunt. Her small 
hands were set on the insides of the Asian girl's thighs and her fingers 
pulled the hairless folds apart as her tongue delved deep down inside the 
pink, moist girl-cleft.
 
The Asian girl had an obviously lewd and happy grin on her round, flat 
face as she looked down between her slim, smooth, parted legs and watched 
what the other young girl was doing to her. Kristy could see that she was 
definitely finding the experience enjoyable and, as the fifteen-year-old 
gazed breathlessly at the sexy pictures, she felt a strange quiver go 
through her body. Kristy realized full well that she, too, might find the 
experience with another girl very, very enjoyable.
 
Just the thought of the sexy act made her cunt gush with pleasure and she 
squeezed her thighs together as a sharp shiver of sexual pleasure rippled 
up from between her legs. When she had gotten into bed last night she 
hadn't put any panties on, and the musky moisture was matting her silky 
pussy hair and making the smooth insides of her thighs damp and sticky.
 
She continued to turn the pages, revealing more pictures of young kids 
having oral sex with each other. Girls were eagerly sucking on boys' 
cocks and boys were lapping at little girls' pussies. She finally 
discovered what '69' meant, what Uncle Ted had told her about, when she 
came upon a series of a dozen color and black-and-white pictures of two 
naked young teenage kids that looked about her age, or even slightly 
younger, on top of a double bed. The slender, almost skinny, young girl 
with small breasts and tiny nipples straddled the nude body of a small 
boy as she held his cock upright in her hands and her tightened lips 
pulled at the swollen shaft.
 
In a close-up, Kristy could see the young boy had his arms wrapped around 
the girl's slender thighs as he held her nearly hairless cunt tightly 
against his licking and chewing mouth. Kristy even found several pictures 
of a very young girl, probably just her brother's age, doing '69' with a 
much older and larger adult man with a thin gray beard. 
 
To Kristy, it looked very dirty, very sexy, and very exciting, and she 
pictured herself doing it with her Uncle Ted. She decided it was 
something she would try with him later on that day if she had the chance.
 
As his sister paged through the dirty magazine, Eric leaned closer so he, 
too, could look. The sexy pictures immediately had an effect on his 
little-boy cock and, as his sister slowly turned each page so they both 
could see, his hand went secretly under the blanket and pulled and 
squeezed his small, stiff sex shaft. The boy could already feel the drops 
of clear liquid that bubbled from the tip as his arousal grew, and he 
used his thumb to spread the clear, oily fluid over his sensitive cock head.
 
Kristy noticed the furtive movement beneath the blanket beside her.
 
"Now what've you got in your hand?" she teased, already knowing the answer.
 
"Nothin'...." the thirteen-year-old boy hesitantly replied, his fingers 
grasping tightly around his hard, velvety, little prick as he held himself.
 
"Nothin', huh? I'll bet you've got your cock in your hand and you're 
gettin' turned-on looking at these pictures," his sister replied with a 
knowing grin, "and I'll bet you're tryin' to get yourself off, too."
 
The girl smiled with unconcealed lust. She couldn't believe the frank 
sexual words that were coming out of her mouth. But, God, this was fun.
 
"Why don't you let me do it to you, like I did last night?" the girl went on.
 
Kristy didn't wait for a reply. She reached over to where she'd seen the 
movement beneath the blanket and grabbed the small raised lump with her 
fingers. 
 
The boy pulled his hand away and let his big sister's hand replace it. He 
could feel the girl cup his groan with her palm and squeezed his erection 
through the material of the thin blanket, and he groaned slightly at the 
wonderful sensation.
 
"Such a nice little cock...so nice..and hard...." he heard his sister 
murmur softly as the girl slowly ran her hand back and forth over the 
raised lump.
 
Suddenly, she grabbed the edge of the blanket and threw it off the boy, 
completely exposing his skinny, near-hairless, naked body. Kristy paused 
a moment and gazed with lusty rapture at her little brother's slender 
little cock as it lay, pale and slightly pulsing, across his flat lower 
belly. The silky pubic hair that was beginning to sprout and cover his 
balls seemed very dark against the paleness of his loins. God, she was 
horny, and the dirty magazine was dropped onto the floor and forgotten.
 
The young girl reached over with her right hand and lightly skimmed her 
finger tips along the sides of the boy's small, throbbing sex shaft. Back 
and forth her fingers glided, the smooth, warm skin of his prick feeling 
wonderful in her fingers as she caressed him from the base to the tip. 
Reaching down between his legs, she rolled his balls between her fingers, 
letting her finger tips slide up and down through the crease of his thigh.
 
Through a sexual haze, Eric groaned out loud at the intense pleasures 
that his sister was creating between his legs. He felt he should be 
embarrassed to have her sitting on his bed beside his naked body as she 
so casually played with his prick, but he wasn't. All he knew was that it 
felt so incredibly good, and he never wanted it to stop.
 
Kristy loved the feel of the boy's cock in her hand and found it fun to 
get her little brother all excited. But, she was excited, too, and her 
pussy felt heavy, warm, and wet, and in need of some attention.
 
Turning and bringing her legs up onto the bed, the girl lay over on her 
side, her head toward her brother's feet. Tilting her brother's cock 
upright, she lifted her face and closed her mouth around the little boy's 
pale sex shaft, engulfing nearly the entire length into the hot wetness 
of her mouth.
 
Eric grunted at the explosion of pleasure and instinctively raised his 
hips up toward the source of the enormous pleasure that rippled through 
his body. Several times his hips bounced on the bed as he thrust up into 
the tight elastic grip of the girl's hand and mouth, almost as if he was 
fucking her face.
 
Kristy enjoyed what she was doing to her brother, but wanted more. With 
her mouth and hand still holding the boy's cock, she turned again, raised 
up on her knees, threw her left knee across his chest, and straddled the 
boy's naked upper body with her own.
 
Eric was taken by surprise at the maneuver, but he was even more 
surprised to find his sister's naked, panty-less pussy just inches away 
from his face. He, too, had seen the pictures of young, naked boys and 
girls engaged in oral sex with each other in this position. In fact, he 
had been looking at the photos for several days thinking about what it 
would be like to do things like that with a girl. Now, as he lay on his 
bed, he found he was in a position to continue his sexual education and 
experience something new for the first time.
 
Chapter 4, part 2
 
Kristy didn't give her little brother much time to think about it. She 
knew what she wanted. She knew the warm, aching, pleasurable tension that 
had been growing so rapidly between her legs needed to be released, and 
she knew how she wanted it to be done. Squatting down with her hips a 
little, she slipped her brother's cock out of her mouth and looked down 
between her parted thighs as she lowered her pussy onto her little 
brother's face.
 
Eric had seen enough pictures of oral sex and read plenty of porno books 
describing what was happening, so he sort of knew what to do as his 
sister pressed her furry pussy folds down onto his mouth. He felt the 
silky hair tickle his lips an instant before her wet, rubbery pubic folds 
made contact with his mouth.
 
The boy found the musky odor of her sex arousing, and he experimentally 
slipped the tip of his tongue up through the teenage girl's sex slit for 
the first time. The pungent taste was not bad and, with growing 
confidence, the boy licked his sister's cunt more fully. The only thing 
he wasn't prepared for was his sister's reaction.
 
Kristy felt an explosion of extremely intense, wonderful pleasure between 
her legs as her little brother tongued her pussy for the first time. She 
gasped out loud at the first shock as it rippled from her loins up 
through her entire body. Sitting up and back a little more, she pressed 
her cunt back down onto the utterly delicious mouth that was making her 
pussy feel so good.
 
For a moment, Eric felt like he was going to suffocate. His sister had 
shifted her body back, groaning and grinding her pussy onto his face, 
completely covering his nose and mouth. He lifted his hands up and 
cradled the firm, shapely globes of her smooth, naked ass, holding her 
still as he licked through her slit from the front to the back. The young 
boy had to tilt his head back a little so he could breath, but he 
maintained the contact of his mouth with his sister's sexy mouth-like 
opening between her legs, his tongue slithering back and forth through 
her pussy slit and pleasuring her so much. 
 
He knew she was liking what he was doing, and he was liking it, too. Just 
the thought of doing something that seemed so sexy and forbidden with his 
sister made everything that much more exciting, and he renewed his 
efforts, sliding his tongue completely up inside her little pink fuck 
hole and licking around the smooth insides.
 
"Oh, fuck..." he heard his big sister groan above him as she wiggled her 
ass against his mouth. The boy was surprised because he'd never heard her 
say that word before. God, he thought, she must really be getting off on 
this....
 
Kristy felt she was in heaven. Getting fucked had been great, but this 
was like something that felt just as good. The horny fifteen-year-old 
girl could feel her pussy just gushing with wetness as her brother's 
mouth licked her slit and chewed her cunt lips, and she felt almost giddy 
with sheer, lusty arousal. Now, she knew why girls liked having boys do 
them like this, and she understood why girls liked doing it with each 
other, too. She realized that girls who did oral sex with each other 
weren't necessarily lesbians; it was just another way to have fun and 
make each other feel good, especially if there wasn't a guy around.
 
The pictures in the porno magazine of the pretty, young Asian girl with 
the shaved pussy flashed through her mind as wave after wave of sensual 
pleasure swept over her body. She smiled to herself knowing that the 
expression of frank, lusty pleasure on the Asian girl's face, as she lay 
back on the chair with her legs spread widely apart and the blond girl 
licked her pussy, was probably on her own face now.
 
She felt compelled to give the little boy pleasure, too. She bent over 
and took her brother's sweet little cock in her mouth, her lips forming a 
tight, elastic ring as she pulled as the smooth, fleshy sex rod. Up and 
down her head slowly bobbed as Kristy let the boy's prick slide almost 
completely in and out of her mouth. With her hands she gently played with 
his balls, rolling the fuzzy little sac back and forth between her 
fingers, caressing and arousing him as he was doing to her.
 
Ted awoke to bright sunshine flowing in through the open curtains. He got 
out of bed and looked out of the window over the parking lot in back of 
the apartment complex. Maintenance men were clearing the heavy snow from 
the parking lot and the sidewalks. It looked like the snowstorm was over.
 
The man knew that high pressure usually followed a big snow storm like 
this, making the sky completely clear and very blue and bringing very 
cold temperatures. The frosted car windows told him that the outside 
temperature was very low, indeed.
 
Slipping on a bathrobe, he walked down the hallway to the bathroom and 
relieved himself. As he passed the kids' bedroom door on the way back, he 
paused a moment, thinking about last night and wondering how their sexual 
activities would affect them. He smiled as he thought about his niece, 
and wondered if she was awake yet.
 
The man pressed his ear against the door, listening intently. At first, 
there was no sound. Then, what seemed like a cry of pain or yelp of joy 
followed by a low groan. Curious, the man slowly, silently, turned the 
door handle, pushed bedroom door open several inches, and peeked inside.
 
Even with curtains covering the windows the brilliant morning sunlight 
lit the room. The door happened to open with a clear view of his nephew's 
bed against the far wall and the sexual activity that was occurring. Ted 
could see his niece kneeling over her little brother's naked body, her 
head toward his feet and his cock sliding slowly in and out of her mouth. 
The girl's T-shirt was bunched down around her shoulders as she lay over 
the boy, and her knees were far apart as she squatted and pressed her 
pussy down onto the boy's up-turned face.
 
In the bright light the man could see his nephew eagerly licking his 
niece's pussy, his mouth fully eating the girl's snatch as his hands held 
her slender hips. God, he sure seemed to like doing it, and the moans of 
pleasure from his niece, even with her mouth full of her little brother's 
cock, indicated that the teenage girl was really enjoying it, too.
 
Ted watched the two kids through the crack in the doorway, happy that he 
could help them discover such a natural, wonderful source of fun and 
pleasure. He pictured himself with his own sister twenty years earlier as 
they, too, discovered the many wonderful ways there were to give pleasure 
to each other.
 
The man wondered if they'd fucked yet, and worried that Kristy would 
become pregnant if they had. He knew it was the next natural step for 
them to take, and Eric was probably plenty potent. Leaving the door open 
just a crack, Ted quietly went to his own room, opened his suitcase, and 
found the box of condoms he always kept with him whenever he traveled. 
Some of the girls who came to his sex parties, especially the really 
young ones, weren't on the pill, and Ted insisted that boys wear a condom 
whenever they fucked one of them. He always kept a supply around, making 
it seem a normal and natural thing to do.
 
He took one of the foil packets out of the box and returned to the kids' 
bedroom. Pushing open the door, the man silently moved into the room 
walked closer and watched the two youngsters squirm on the bed as he 
listened to the wet, squishy sounds of great oral sex.
 
It was a minute before Kristy noticed the man standing beside the bed 
dressed in his bathrobe. With a small 'pop', her brother's cock slipped 
out of her sucking mouth as she raised her head up and grinned at her uncle.
 
The man smiled back.
 
"So, you've discovered what I was talking about yesterday, huh?"
 
"Mmm..yeah, it's fun. Why didn't you teach me this?"
 
"I can't show you everything in one day, can I?" he teased. "Here, I 
thought you and your brother might want to use this." He handed her the 
foil packet.
 
Immediately, Kristy realized what it was that her uncle had given her. 
The girl smiled a wanton little smile and quickly tore it open. She 
seemed to instinctively know what to do with the rubbery circle, and 
placed it over her brother's cock as it lay, still shiny and wet with the 
juices from her mouth, across his flat lower belly.
 
After rolling the flesh-colored covering down the thirteen-year-old boy's 
shaft, Kristy rose up, lifted her pussy off Eric's mouth, turned, and 
rotated her body around the other way as she straddled his narrow, boyish 
hips.
 
Eric had heard his sister and uncle talking, but, with her crotch in his 
face, he couldn't see much except her fur-covered pussy. He did feel the 
elastic covering being rolled down his cock, but was surprised when his 
sister suddenly shifted completely around the other way, leaving her 
musky sex cream drying on his cheeks, mouth, and chin.
 
The horny teenage girl was hot for a cock and wasted no time. With her 
knees on the bed on either side of the boy's hips, she reached down 
between her parted thighs, lifted her little brother's cock upright, and 
guide the tip between her moist, furry pussy lips as she sat back and 
down onto him.
 
Kristy felt the little boy's cock head push between her large, outer 
folds and begin to penetrate her tight cunt hole. Leaving his shaft held 
firmly in place, she let go of his prick, leaned over, and put her arms 
on the bed on either side of his body. Lowering her body, the teenage 
girl sank her cunt blissfully down onto her little brother's 
condom-covered cock.
 
Ted stood beside the bed and a little behind Kristy. The older man had a 
perfect view of his nephew's hard little shaft as it disappeared inside 
his niece's pink sex slit. God, it was a sexy sight. He loved watching 
young kids fuck almost as much as he liked fucking young girls. And 
watching a brother and sister do it was particularly exciting, especially 
when it was their first time together.
 
Kristy wantonly ground her loins down fully onto her brother's small, 
stiff cock, twisting joyfully back and forth on the boy's rod as it 
filled her pussy. It felt soooo... good, though different than her 
uncle's. Although her little brother's sex shaft wasn't nearly as long 
and thick as Ted's, it still felt incredibly really nice inside her. 
Maybe getting her cunt licked for the first time had made her especially 
horny.
 
The horny fifteen-year-old girl set up an immediate rhythm, her hips 
raising and lowering her body onto the sweet, lovely cock that plunged 
over and over again up into her slick sex slit. As her naked ass slapped 
down onto the flesh of her brother's thighs, her T-shirt fell down around 
her hips, making the girl look as though she was partially clothed.
 
Ted thought dressing in a sexy way was an important and erotic part of 
good sex, and the sight of his panty-less teenage niece, dressed only in 
a T-shirt and bouncing up and down on the little boy's cock, was making 
his already stiff cock drool with moisture. The front of his terry cloth 
bath robe was tented-out by his erect member, and the man slipped his 
right hand in between the flaps of his robe and grasped his thick, 
throbbing cock. 
 
God, she looks sexy...he thought to himself as his hand slowly skimmed up 
and down over the smooth, warm surface of his erection. The belt around 
the robe was getting in the way so, with his left hand, Ted pulled the 
knot apart and the front of his long, heavy bath robe fell open.
 
Kristy was totally involved in the wanton act of fucking her little 
brother. With each delightful collision of their bodies together another 
shiver of lusty pleasure shot through her body. The base of the boy's 
cock was making perfect contact with her sensitive, swollen clit, and the 
indescribable heavy warmth of sexual orgasm was already beginning to 
build in her loins as she pounded down onto his hard little cock. She 
loved sex; she loved fucking; she loved doing all kinds of sex things 
with men....and boys....
 
The girl noticed her uncle standing closer to her, his robe open and his 
thick member sticking out. She saw the man's hand working slowly up and 
down the fleshy rod.
 
"Mmmmm....can I do that?" she asked in a quiet, little-girl voice.
 
The man moved closer, and his teenage niece reached out and wrapped her 
fingers around his thick, swollen sex rod. The fifteen-year-old girl 
pumped her hand up and down the smooth, velvety shaft several times, but 
found that her fingers weren't sliding very easily.
 
She realized what she had to do - what she wanted to do, and bent down. 
She didn't have to bend over very far before she took the red, sculpted 
tip of the man's cock into her sweet mouth.
 
It wasn't easy for her to maintain her rhythmic fucking on her brother's 
prick and suck on her uncle's cock at the same time, but she was sure 
going to try. Up and down her body moved, the tempo of sex never wavering 
as she held the top of the man's sex shaft in her mouth. She grasped the 
pulsing member near the hairy base with her left hand to steady it as her 
hips and ass continued to slap fast and hard down onto Eric's loins, his 
shaft poking up into her. Her mouth coated the man's cock with her spit 
as she made the sexual connection over and over again.
 
The young boy had closed his eyes, his mind a complete fog of sexual 
splendor. He lay completely still and let his fifteen-year-old sister 
move up and down on his cock, letting her be in control, letting her 
control the tempo of their fucking. All he wanted to do was lay back and 
enjoy this incredible thing that was happening to him for the first time 
in his life. Masturbating had always felt good, and having Kristy do him 
with her mouth last night had felt, well, great, but this....this was 
indescribable.
 
It wasn't long before the boy felt the familiar stirrings in his balls as 
his orgasm built. With his eyes still closed and his mind floating, he 
relaxed and let the sensations suddenly build to a huge sense of tension 
followed by an immediate feeling of release as his cock finally exploded 
inside his sister. As he felt himself cum, the young boy grunted, arched 
his back, and raised his hips up against his sister's loins. He reached 
his up hands and grabbed the young girl around the waist, stopping her 
motion over him and holding her down tightly onto his spewing shaft.
 
Wave of wave of intense pleasure roared through his body, each one 
accompanied by a grunt or moan from the boy. Each spasm of his cock 
inside his sister's tightly gripping cunt sent another jolt of wondrous 
sensations exploding in his brain, and he held her body tightly connected 
to his. He'd never cum this hard before, and it felt like it would go on 
forever.
 
Kristy could feel her brother's cock pulsing inside her much the same way 
her uncle's did when he would cum inside her. It felt so wonderful to the 
sexually turned-on young girl, and she was pleased that she could make 
the boy feel so good. She almost laughed at the silly whimpering sounds 
he made as his balls emptied into condom inside her, but laughter was 
impossible with her uncle's deliciously smooth, throbbing cock filling 
her mouth.
 
Ted was really horny, now, from watching the two kids fuck and having 
Kristy so eagerly mouth his shaft. He felt that urgent need to get off 
and, while enjoyable, the girl's oral technique was still not very good. 
The man put his hands on either side of his niece's face and pulled his 
hips back, releasing his cock from the grip of her lips.
 
"Scoot back a little and get on your hands and knees."
 
Kristy was eager to do what her uncle wanted. She sat up and felt her 
brother's shrinking shaft pull out of her, then moved backwards on her 
knees to the foot of the single bed. Ted shifted around to the end, too, 
and placed his hands on her hips guiding her backwards until her feet 
stuck out just a little over the edge. 
 
Eric moved the other way, towards the head of the bed, where he pealed 
off the filled latex covering from his flaccid prick, set it on the 
floor, and lay back against the headboard. The thirteen-year-old boy was 
completely relaxed and unashamed of his nakedness as he watched his uncle 
step up behind his kneeling sister. The boy knew the position from 
watching the two of them the night before.
 
The man moved in between her feet, his hard, pale, fleshy cock sticking 
up so straight and tall from his loins, pulsing slightly with each rapid 
beat of his heart. The teenage girl's smooth, naked behind stuck up a 
little, and Ted admired the sexy view for a few seconds before tilting 
his cock down and pressing the tip between the folds of his niece's 
deliciously sweet little pussy.
 
Kristy groaned at the barrage of sensations that shot up through her body 
from between her thighs as she felt her uncle's cock separate the lips of 
her pussy and enter her. Eagerly, she pushed her ass firmly back against 
the inward penetration and felt the man's thick sex shaft slide so 
easily, so completely, so wonderfully up inside her.
 
Ted held the youngster by the hips as he began to immediately pound his 
cock into the young girl from behind. This wasn't the time for niceties - 
it was time to fuck, and fuck hard. The older man was surprised to 
discover that the fifteen-year-old girl was taking the full length of his 
cock inside her, and he felt his balls swinging and slapping against her 
wet, drooling slit with each deep stroke into her wonderful little cunt.
 
The breath hissed from Kristy each time she felt her uncle's wonderful 
cock punch deep into her. God, it felt so good, so fucking good, even 
better than yesterday. The fullness, the thickness, the sex....the 
cumming....
 
"OOOOHHHHHH....."
 
The teenage girl's climax was suddenly there, suddenly overwhelming her 
body and mind. The intensely pleasurable sensations that came from 
nowhere and rippled through her like flashes of heat exploding in her 
brain caught her by surprise. She cried out, her eyes squeezed shut as 
she felt her cunt muscles grip her uncle's long, hard cock that was still 
pummeling her so wonderfully from behind. The early morning fuck with her 
little brother had gotten her really hot, and now her uncle's big, thick 
cock thrusting again and again into her, the base slamming against her 
sensitive clit, got her off quickly and powerfully.
 
The man smiled as he heard and felt his niece cum, his own climax very 
near. Of all of the sexual positions, he loved fucking young girls from 
behind the best. The sight and feel of their tight, firm, little ass on 
his loins was great, and it usually made him cum pretty fast. This 
morning was no exception, and shortly after entering the young girl the 
man felt his climax well up from deep between his legs, his balls 
beginning to contract as they got ready to shoot. Slowing down, he took 
four more long, deep strokes into the young girl's delightfully tight 
fuck hole just as he felt his balls throb and send spurts of hot male 
cream deep into her cunt.
 
Gritting his teeth and grunting, he held the fifteen-year-old's butt 
tightly against his loins as he shot of into her, her smooth, round ass 
cheeks pressing and rubbing against his lower belly. Intense sensations 
of incredible sexual pleasure rippled through his body, and he moaned out 
loud with each delicious throbbing spurt of his shaft. God, he loved 
cumming inside young teenage girls. There was something especially sexy 
about shooting off into their fresh, hot pussies.
 
Through the fog of her own powerful orgasm, Kristy could feel each spasm 
of her uncle's cock as it pulsed and sent wades of cum coating her 
insides. She wiggled her ass back against him, loving the feel of his 
climax inside her and the thickness of his cock filling her up between 
her legs.
 
"Mmmmmm....God, that was good," the man finally said, as he slowly 
stepped back and his softening cock slithered out of his niece's slimy 
snatch. "What a way to start your morning, huh? God, do I need a shower. 
I think all of us do...see ya later."
 
Ted tied his robe together and headed for the bathroom. He was only a 
little surprised when his niece joined him in the shower a minute later, 
and they enjoyed soaping each others' bodies as the hot water sprayed 
over them, the after-glow of great sex leaving them content and relaxed.

CHAPTER 5
 
Ted left later that morning, headed for another city in his sales 
territory. Kristy's mom returned from the hospital shortly after, 
exhausted from the hours of work she'd put in over the last couple of 
days. Fortunately, it was the weekend, and the kids and their mother 
could rest and recover from the physical exertions and the lack of sleep 
they all experienced, though from different sources.
 
The two teenage kids kept quiet about their activities of the past day. 
Kristy knew her mother's secret, but didn't feel it was the right time to 
talk about it now, or let her know what she, her uncle, and her brother 
had been up to the past couple of days.
 
Monday brought a return to the school week and a return to the normal 
routine of the household, though not entirely as it had been. Kristy and 
her brother had discovered the fun, excitement, and sheer physical 
enjoyment of sex, and there was no stopping once the kids felt the 
intense pleasure it created in their bodies. The two teenagers found lots 
of time to enjoy themselves, and the box of condoms Uncle Ted had left 
didn't seem to last very long.
 
Several weeks later, the kids' mom, Becky, got off work earlier than 
usual in the afternoon and headed home. Normally, she didn't get home 
until supper time, but there were few patients that day and the 
supervisor told her she could leave. It felt nice to arrive at the 
apartment in the late wintry afternoon when it was still light outside, 
and she was looking forward to relaxing and helping cook supper with her 
daughter.
 
The woman heard the television blaring as she unlocked the apartment 
door. She laid her coat over the back of a kitchen chair and noticed 
Kristy's high school books scattered around the table. It looked as if 
her daughter had been in the middle of some math homework and had been 
interrupted by something. The woman glanced into the living room and saw 
there was an afternoon space cartoon on TV, though no one was watching as 
she walked through wondering where her two kids were.
 
Down the hall the door to the kids' bedroom was open about six inches, 
and unusual sounds from inside the room made the woman pause an instant 
before pushing it completely open. She was glad she did.
 
Through the narrow opening, she could clearly see her son's single bed 
against the far wall of the room and hear the soft, rhythmic squeaking 
bed springs. The young boy was naked from the waist down, his jeans and 
underwear in a wad on the floor, and his pale little ass pumped quickly 
and furiously up and down as the boy energetically fucked his big sister. 
 
Kristy didn't have any pants on either, and the partially nude girl had 
her bare legs and feet wrapped tightly around her little brother's skinny 
waist and her arms wrapped around his neck. She held him close, clinging 
to the boy while he repeatedly pounded his cock into her. The girl's head 
slowly moved side to side as moans of delight came from her partially 
opened mouth, and Becky could clearly hear the squishy, wet, sucking 
sounds of a cock shafting into a sodden, sloppy pussy, the sound of 
torrid sex.
 
The woman watched the sensual spectacle frozen in place, shocked at what 
she was seeing. There was absolutely no doubt about what was happening, 
and no doubt that both of her children were willing and enthusiastic 
participants. Yet, the woman still found it nearly unbelievable. Becky 
knew her daughter wasn't sexually active, at least she hadn't thought so. 
Hell, the girl hardly went out with boys at all. But this, this.....
 
As she was about to push the door open and angrily confront the two kids, 
it came crashing through to her that this was something she, herself, had 
done and was still doing.
 
Becky paused, then slowly backed away from the door, the sound of the 
bouncing, squeaking bed fading as she moved quietly back down the 
hallway. Grabbing her coat from the kitchen, she silently left the 
apartment. She had to think.....
 
The woman drove to a scenic place, a small picnic area, down by the 
frozen, ice-covered river. Leaving the car running so she would stay 
warm, Becky stared out at the beautiful and stark wintry scene, and 
watched the sun begin to set early as it always did this time of the 
year, casting long shadows over the glittering ice.
 
She acknowledged that she shouldn't be surprised at the discovery of her 
two children's sexual activity. From as early as she could remember, she 
and her own brother had engaged in sex play with each other as a frequent 
part of what seemed a normal childhood. Their parents owned and ran a 
hardware store, and every Saturday mom and dad were down at the store 
early, spending the entire busy day there. At first, the children were 
brought down to the store, too, but this became a problem as they grew 
older and, by the time Kristy was six and Ted was nine, the children were 
left at home.
 
The parent's strict religious up-bringing meant being very selective 
about their children's playmates, and the other kids in the neighborhood 
were just too "rowdy and coarse" for them to play with. The two kids 
found that the only 'acceptable' playmates were each other, and that's 
how it began.
 
Being together all the time, two children became very close. Games of 
playing 'house' became games of playing 'doctor' as, like most children, 
curiosity about the differences in their bodies grew. Her brother was 
three years older than her and, when he was about ten-years-old, he 
discovered his little prick suddenly get long and hard and feeling good 
whenever he was around his little sister. He found it felt even better as 
her touched her in certain places, like between her legs.
 
Becky let him touch her, too, because it felt so warm and pleasant and 
good to the little girl, and it was their special, private secret 
activity. Ted would have her lay down and 'examine' her, running his 
fingers back and forth between her legs, his palm cupping her hairless 
pubes. She would tell him that it made her feel better, though it 
actually made her feel all warm and excited.
 
When his little sister didn't say anything, or complain, or try to stop 
him as he touched her private place, the boy became more brave and, over 
the next several years, their mutual sexual touching became commonplace 
whenever they played together and their parents weren't around.
 
By the time she was ten and Ted was thirteen, their sex play had become 
much more involved. On Saturday mornings it was a routine for them to 
climb into each others' beds once their parents left for the store, their 
hand and fingers eagerly touching and exciting each other. Kristy usually 
wore just a T-shirt and panties as pajamas, and her panties quickly came 
off as soon as her brother climbed into bed with her.
 
Ted liked to wear a pair of gym shorts when he slept and, because he 
didn't wear any underwear underneath, his hard and horny little cock 
would always push out the front of the baggy shorts as he walked into her 
room in the morning. The large, loose leg openings gave the little girl 
easy access to his prick, too.
 
At first, they would lay on their sides facing each other, their hands 
and fingers fondling each others' private pleasure places. Becky enjoyed 
stroking her fingers up and down the smooth, warm surface of her 
brother's small, stiff little cock after she pulled it out through the 
baggy leg opening of his gym shorts. She especially liked to pull at the 
ridge around the cockhead with her finger tips and smear the drops of 
liquid that bubbled from the tip over the velvety skin.
 
Sometimes, Becky would reach farther down inside his gym shorts and 
lightly caress her fingers around the base of his cock and through the 
crease of his nearly hairless thighs, rolling the sac of his balls 
through her fingers. That usually made the boy groan in exquisite 
pleasure and the sounds of his pleasure made the little girl smile with joy.
 
Early on in their sexual experience, Ted had learned to slip his finger 
up between the hairless folds of his little sister's pussy and poke it up 
into her fuck hole. Even when she was just ten-years-old the horny little 
girl quickly became wet, and the movement of the boy's middle finger in 
and out of her cunt felt wonderful. As she became more accustomed to 
having something up her pussy, her brother used two fingers held 
together. She loved it when he cupped her hairless pubic mound between 
her legs and rubbed his fingers back and forth over her pussy as his 
middle finger slipped in and out of her, and she eagerly opened her legs 
so her brother could do these forbidden and thrilling things to her.
 
It was one of those fateful Saturday mornings when, at the tender age of 
just eleven-years-old, the sexual heat between the thighs of the 
panty-less young girl grew unbearable and begged for release. 
Instinctively, almost without thinking, she flipped over on top of her 
fourteen-year-old brother who, surprised by the sudden change of 
position, rolled onto his back. With her legs widely apart, Becky scooted 
her body back and felt the tip of her brother's cock pushing aside the 
folds of her still hairless little pussy. Her slit was especially wet and 
slippery that morning, and the tip of her brother's prick easily slid 
partially up into her.
 
The young girl's movement had been totally unexpected by the older boy, 
but he groaned with delight at the intense sensations that shot through 
his body as he entered his little sister's oily sex hole for the first 
time. Both the youngsters knew about sex and how to do it, but this was 
their first experience with real fucking.
 
Enjoying what she was feeling, Becky wiggled her ass and forcefully 
pushed herself back farther onto the boy's teenage cock. Though Ted had 
finger-fucked her plenty of times over the past couple of years or so, 
she could still feel his prick stretching and opening her fuck hole as 
she worked to get more inside her.
 
Finally, without any pain or discomfort at all, she took him completely 
inside her. For several minutes she just lay on top of the boy, her slim, 
naked thighs straddling his loins and her head on his bare chest. She 
could feel the hard points of her nipples pressing against her brother's 
chest through the thin cotton material of her T-shirt. The boy's cock was 
still sticking out through the leg of his gym shorts, and she felt the 
rough cotton material against the naked skin between her parted thighs. 
She could also feel the wonderful sensations his cock created in her 
pussy, and she knew that she wanted to feel those sensations again and again.
 
Ted lay still on the bed, the weight of her little sister's body pressing 
down on him, still surprised at the quickness of her actions. Though, by 
this time, he'd been sexually fooling around with Becky for four or five 
years, this final act of incest had seemed a forbidden step to him. As 
eager and willing the girl seemed to be to participate in their secret 
and very pleasurable activities, he was a little shocked by her sudden 
brazenness. But, the realization came to both of them that now they had 
crossed that final barrier, and the two youngsters could really enjoy 
themselves in the fullest possible way.
 
Slowly, experimentally, the young, blond, eleven-year-old girl sat up a 
little and began to move up and down over her brother. She could vividly 
feel the movement of his cock inside her tightness as she lifted her body 
up with her legs and his shaft slipped partially out of her. She could 
also feel the tremendous flow of sexual wetness that seemed to gush from 
her slit, coating her brother's prick and making the movement warm, wet, 
and easy. God, it felt good.
 
"We gotta be careful," the boy said moaned quietly as he lay beneath the 
girl as she slowly rode his rock-hard prick.
 
She knew what her older brother meant. They were both intelligent kids 
and neither of them wanted Becky to get pregnant. If they were going to 
do this more often, precautions would have to be taken.
 
"God..feels so good....so good..." the young girl murmured softly above 
him, her naked, slender hips slowly rising and falling as, again and 
again, she impaled her slick, hot, hairless pussy on the boy's stiff prick.
 
She'd heard what her big brother had said and knew that she couldn't let 
him cum inside her. But, she wanted to feel these delicious sensations 
just as long as she could, and she would try to wait until the last 
possible second before pulling his cock out of her. 
 
Up and down the young girl moved, her brother's cock sliding deeply in 
and out of her horny little cunt. She felt Ted's hands caress the sides 
of the bare thighs, then move around behind her and lightly brush over 
the smooth skin of the round cheeks of her ass. After a moment, his 
fingers began to move up and down through the crack of her behind, 
spreading her musky, sexual oil up through the narrow cleft.
 
Faster she began to move up and down over him, the boy's cock plunging so 
deliciously in and out of her cunt and the wonderfully intense sexual 
sensations building between her legs like she'd never felt before. Losing 
control of herself, Becky pounded her loins hard down onto her brother's 
hard, swollen shaft. She wanted the feeling to go on and on, but it 
wasn't going to happen. Through the hot, sexual haze that muddled her 
mind she heard her brother groan and cry out and she quickly sat up, 
letting his cock slip out of her just as the first spurt of her brother's 
cream shot out from the tip, leaving a trail of white goo over his belly.
 
Right away the young girl reached down between her parted legs, grabbed 
her brother's slimy shaft, and lightly skimmed her fist over the spasming 
cock, intensifying the boy's climax even more. She grinned from ear to 
ear as the fourteen-year-old boy thrust his hips up against the friction 
of her fingers as they encircled his shooting cock, and he made that 
funny whine he always seemed to make whenever he came especially hard. 
She knew from experience just how must pressure to apply and how fast to 
move her fingers up and down his prick. After all, she'd been jerking him 
off a couple of times a week ever since she was nine-years-old and loving 
every minute of it.
 
Becky loved making her brother cum; she really enjoyed giving him 
pleasure, and it made her feel very warm and special inside. She loved 
her brother very much, and wanted to do these intimate things to him to 
make him feel good. Besides, he did wonderful things to her, too.
The two young kids had no sense of shame or guilt after their first 
fucking experience; just a desire to do it again as soon as possible, 
though both Becky and Ted waited anxiously to see if she was pregnant. 
When she discovered she wasn't, the eleven-year-old girl was quick to get 
down to the clinic where they asked no questions and she could get the 
pill. Ted paid for most of her prescription from his paper route. He felt 
it was the right thing to do and, after that, their Saturday mornings 
became much more interesting.
 
Sundays, too, when Becky's mother made her wear one of her frilly Sunday 
dresses all day, became great opportunities for the two young kids to 
have some secret fun with each other, especially between the morning and 
evening church services. As the adults finished their Sunday dinner and 
sat around the dining room table talking, the two horny youngsters would 
hurry upstairs to Becky's bedroom and pretend to play a game. They would 
set up the checker board or the Scrabble game on the floor before 
beginning their secret games.
 
As soon as the door was closed, Becky's panties would come off and she'd 
hide them under her bed. Ted would unzip his Sunday dress pants and pull 
his hardened, hairless little cock out through the opening in the front 
of his underwear. He'd let the fleshy shaft poke out through his open fly 
and the mutual touching and exciting would begin.
 
When they began to have sex, Becky would usually get down on her hands 
and knees on the floor in her dress, wearing shiny black shoes with a 
single strap across her foot and white ankle socks trimmed with lace. The 
only thing missing were her underpants, and her brother would kneel on 
the floor between her separated feet and poke his cock into his little 
sister's drooling pink slit from behind.
 
Quickly, quietly, the two young kids would fuck like two horny little 
animals, their lusty, youthful passion needing release and bringing them 
each to climax quickly and powerfully. Becky's bare bottom would slap 
silently against the front of her brother's pants as the boy's prick 
stuck out through his fly and repeatedly stabbed her sweet little pussy 
until they were both satisfied.
 
Sometimes, Ted would sit on the floor of the bedroom, leaning his back 
against the side of the bed as the horny little girl squatted over him. 
She held the front of her skirt up with one hand as she held his cock 
upright with the other and lowered herself onto the boy's thin, fleshy 
shaft. Slowly, the young girl would sink down onto his cock, and she 
could feel each delicious inch of his hardness move between her folds.
 
As soon as she settled onto his lap Becky would let go of her skirt and 
the pleasurable up and down movement would begin as the eleven-year-old 
girl joyously impaled her itchy, horny cunt on her older brother's 
wonderful cock. For some reason, being dressed up in her best Sunday 
clothes while secretly fucking with their parents just downstairs made 
things seem so much more dirty and exciting, and their most intense 
orgasms were often on these Sunday afternoons.

As Becky sat in the car and remembered the things she and Ted had done, 
she pictured the sensual sight in her mind and it seemed very arousing to 
the older woman. The two of them, just young kids, both wearing their 
best Sunday clothes, yet enjoying the secret pleasures of young and 
innocent sex as the panty-less girl rode her brother's shaft that stuck 
up through his open fly.
 
Afterwards, Becky would take a Kleenex or two and wipe up her brother's 
warm cream that always seemed to dribble down the insides of her thighs 
when they were finished.
 
They never got caught by their parents - the creaking old, wooden stairs 
leading up to the second floor of the house gave ample warning of anyone 
approaching, and they were always able to set their clothes right and act 
innocently before anyone entered the room. There was one time when it was 
close, however. They heard the tell-tale creaking of the stairs as Ted 
fucked her fast and hard from behind. He'd just pulled his sister's naked 
little butt against his loins and his cock had just begun to pulse and 
shoot-off inside her. The boy had to pull out of her before he was 
finished, and dribbles of his sex cream landed on the carpet as he 
stuffed his still-stiffened cock inside his pants. Becky just turned 
around, pulled her dress down, and acted as if everything was completely 
normal.
 
There were even times, when Becky was twelve and thirteen and the two 
kids had begun fucking regularly, that the girl didn't wear any panties 
under her Sunday dresses at all. Though she was serious about her church 
activities, she always found the services a lot more exciting and 
interesting whenever she sat in the pew between her parents and brother 
and she was naked under her lacy Sunday dress. The wood of the seat felt 
cool on her bare behind. That always seemed to make the young girl 
especially horny, and she could hardly wait to get home, lift her skirt, 
and have her brother give her a good, quick fucking in some secret hiding 
place.
 
The thoughts and memories from the past flooded into Becky's mind, and 
the remembered pictures, smells, and sensations of young sex, so new and 
so exciting to the youngsters made her pussy twitch and grow warm. Almost 
without realizing it, her hand strayed down between her thighs and 
pressed against her moistening slit as the woman rubbed herself.
 
She and her brother had enjoyed an active, healthy sex life since they 
were young, why not her own children? A sudden thought struck her: what 
was Kristy using for birth control? Fucking was fine, but having sex 
without taking precautions was just plain stupid. Well, it was time for a 
frank mother-daughter talk and time to go to the clinic.
 
Becky resolved to speak with both of her children that next day.
 
CHAPTER 6
part 1

"My God, I can't believe you did all that in just a couple of days,"
Carrie said with admiration in her voice. "You mean, my best friend's
finally not a virgin anymore?"

Kristy and Carrie sprawled across Kristy's single bed. It was Saturday
afternoon, and the Carrie had driven over to visit her friend. Kristy's
brother, Eric, was off to the mall with several of his buddies while
Kristy's mom was working the weekend day shift at the hospital.

It had been six weeks since the big snow storm that had so drastically
changed Kristy's out-look on life and sex, and two weeks since her mother

had sat down with her and her brother for a long, frank talk about sex,
especially sex in the family. Her mother had been very open about her
relationship with her own brother and gave her blessing on the sexual
explorations of her own children. But, she also emphasized the fact that
most people would not understand what they were doing and could create
lots of problems for their family if the wrong people found out.

After Kristy and Eric pledged themselves to secrecy, Becky discussed the
practical side of her son's and daughter's sexually activities and made
arrangements to get Kristy over to the clinic so she could get on the
pill while making sure that there was a ready supply of condoms for Eric.

Now, this was the first opportunity she'd had to sit and tell her friend,
Carrie, about that special time. She wanted to hear every sordid detail
and Kristy was happy to oblige, the telling of the story sending a thrill
through Carrie's already sexually-active body. The only things Kristy
left out were watching her uncle and mother in bed and the things she'd
done (and was doing) with her little brother. She didn't think Carrie
would quite understand. She even showed her friend the sexy, open-crotch
panties her uncle had purchased for her. Carrie liked them right away,
and said she'd go down and buy a couple pair for herself.

Carrie was a very slender, attractive sixteen-year-old girl. She had a
firm, shapely body, with full, slightly pointed breasts, a round, compact
ass, and long, thick, light brown hair that hung down in waves to the
middle of her back. Her face was clear of any blemishes, and her rosy
cheeks and small, pert little nose gave her an impish look.

Like Kristy, she was a sophomore in high school. But, unlike Kristy, she
was a cheerleader and part of the 'popular' crowd at school, the group
that always had the candidates for homecoming queen and king and the best
parties. Although Kristy wasn't part of the group, the two girls had been
close friends since junior high school when Carrie had moved to town. At
first, the other girls at school thought Carrie was 'stuck-up' and cold
and avoided her, but Kristy saw that it was just the act of an insecure,
frightened young girl and befriended her, smoothing the way and helping
her. Even though they moved in very different crowds now, Carrie had
always remained a close and loyal friend, the kind that you shared your
secrets with.

"So, you finally got fucked for the first time, huh?" Carrie said
bluntly, a wicked gin on her face. "God, it sure took you long enough. I
was beginnin' to wonder about you. Shit, most of us have been doin' it
for years, ever since junior high. I mean, isn't sex one of the things
you're supposed to learn about in junior high school?"

Now that Kristy had discovered the marvelous world of sex, she was more
than a little curious about things her friends had experienced and she
wanted to talk about it. Besides, she found that it was exciting to talk
about sex things and it made her pussy wet as a pleasurable glow grew
between her legs. That was a feeling she really liked.

"When did you first do it...you know, for the first time?" she asked
Carrie after a moment.

The girl laughed.

"OK, true confession time. You've told me about what you did, so I'll
tell you about me. You sure you wanna hear about it?"

Kristy smiled, eager to hear the sexy tale.

"Yeah, every detail=D1 and don't leave anything out," she told her friend.

"Well...OK. You remember my brother, Tom? Well, I don't know if you ever
met him, but he had this friend in high school named Chad. They were both
seniors when we were in eighth grade and they were captains of the
football team."

"Chad was this big hunky guy that all us girls creamed over. God, I
thought he was the hottest guy I ever saw. He had this girl friend who
was a senior, too, one of the cheerleaders. You know, the 'too-pretty,
dumb-blond, homecoming queen' type. Tom would bring him over to the house
and sometimes they'd have parties, but I was never invited because I was
just a 'junior high kid'. Tom would yell at me to get out if he ever saw
me around when his friends were over."
"One night Tom and Chad were goin' to a party. Mom and dad were on some
business trip and we were the only ones home, so I said I wanted to go,
too. Tom told me no, but Chad said it'd be OK and talked my brother into
letting me go with 'em. I think Chad kinda liked me, the way he looked at
me whenever he came over to our house and I was around. You know, that
look guys give you when they're kinda checkin' you out?"

"After a couple of hours things got pretty mellow and most of the kids
started pairing off and, you know, doin' it. My brother went off
somewhere with this one girl he met at the party, some freshmen slut, and
left me and Chad alone. Chad's girlfriend had to work or something and
couldn't go to party, and I think he was kinda bummed watchin' the other
guys, you know, doin' things with girls and he couldn't. It got real
boring real fast, so he wanted to leave and seeing how my brother was,
you know, kinda busy, he asked me if I wanted a ride home."

"God, I couldn't have planned it any better. We drove back to my house
just talkin' and stuff, and I sat kinda close to him. When we got there,
he shut the car off and we both just sat there for a couple minutes just
bein' quiet and listenin' to the radio. I know what I wanted him to do,
and I think he wanted to do it, too. Finally, I felt him move closer and
put his arm across the seat in back of me. When he started to turn toward
me and bend down, I reached up and put my hand on the side of his face
and we kissed."

Carrie giggled.

"I think he was kinda surprised when I put my tongue in his mouth. Maybe
he thought that junior high girls didn't know how to kiss good. God, he
sure found out he was wrong about that."
"After kissin' for a while, he started to get a little more brave and he
put his hand on my breast and just kinda left it there. I think he wanted
to see what I'd do. I wasn't very big yet, but my nipples have always
been real sensitive and it sure felt good as he squeezed my titties. I've
let lots of boys feel my boobs since I was in sixth grade, so it wasn't
any big deal for me. But, I kinda got the feeling that Chad thought he
was, you know, 'teaching me some things'. You know how boys are: they
think girls don't want to do sex things, or don't know anything,
especially girls in junior high."

"I think the way I was swirling my tongue around in his mouth was gettin'
him real hot and, when I didn't stop him from feelin' my tits, he started
unbuttoning my shirt. As I said, I wasn't very big and it was easy for
him just to push my bra up and play with my bare boobs once he got my
shirt open. God, it felt so good and I was so wet; it felt like I wet my
pants."

Carrie paused and smiled again, the memory of that night making her feel
warm inside and not a little aroused.

"I think he just about shit when I put my hand in his lap and grabbed his
cock."

"You didn't!!"

"Sure I did - I wanted to have some fun, too. I mean, not that he wasn't
making me feel good, 'cause he was. But, I like feelin' boys' cocks and
makin' them feel good, too. He kinda froze for an instant when he felt me
squeeze his cock through his jeans, then started rubbin' my nipples real
hard as I rubbed my hand over his crotch. God, it was fun."

"Well, that got him even more excited and braver, 'cause he took his hand
off my boob and reached down and started rubbin' it between my legs. I
spread my legs apart some more so he could really get a my pussy 'cause,
God, I was horny. His hand felt so good rubbin' between my legs. I
wondered if he could feel how wet I was."

"Is that all you did?" Kristy asked breathlessly, the sexy story making
her tingle with excitement. She could even feel that special warm,
melting sensation growing between her legs.

"Of course not. After we kissed awhile and, you know, felt each other, I
was really hot. I stopped kissin' him, squeezed his cock, and just asked
him right out if he wanted to fuck me."

"Jesus, you didn't? What'd he do?"

"Well, I think he was kinda shocked for a minute. I mean, I was just this
little kid, this little junior high girl that didn't know anything,
right? So, he just sat there with his hand between my legs and finally
said, get his, 'You mean here, in the car?'"

Carrie made a silly imitation of a deep boy's voice.

"God, what a question. I said, 'What's wrong, haven't you ever fucked a
girl in a car before?', and he kinda stuttered and said that sure, he
had. I asked him if he had some 'protection' and he said he did. I mean,
I know it was my first time, but I wasn't stupid or nothin'. I didn't
want to get pregnant. I just wanted to finally get fucked and this was
guy I wanted to do it with."

"As he's pullin' his wallet out of his back pocket to get the condom he
always kept, I undid his belt and unzipped his pants. When I got 'em open
I started pulling them down and he lifted his hips so I could slide his
pants down easier. I think he was still in a state of shock at what I was
doing to him 'cause he didn't say much."

"Didn't he know that you were a virgin?" Kristy asked.

"Shit no, and I wasn't going to tell him, either. I thought he'd turn
chicken-shit if he knew he was about to fuck a thirteen-year-old virgin
and I didn't want to scare him away."

"As soon as he had his pants down I started feelin' his cock again. God,
it was big. That was the only time I got a little scared; I was afraid he
might hurt me. I mean, I'd been playin' with boys' cocks for a while, but
junior high boys aren't nearly as big as a high school senior. But, by
that time I was so fuckin' horny I didn't care."

Kristy sat still on the bed, flushed with arousal as she imagined in her
mind the incredibly hot, sexy scene taking place in the front seat of
that car. She recalled her own sexual experience in the front seat of a
car with her uncle. Her face felt hot and flushed, and she found her
pulse and breathing was rapid as her friend described what happened next.

"After a minute I let go of his cock so he could put the condom on. While
he did that, I took my jeans and panties off. I was almost naked, but not
quite. My shirt was still hanging open and my bra was rolled up under my
arm pits, but I didn't care. My pussy was so hot and so wet I just about
couldn't stand it."

"I'd seen lots of porno movies and magazines and figured the easiest way
to get fucked the first time was to be on top so I could control, you
know, what was happening, just it case it started to hurt. So, I crawled
up over him and kinda sat over his lap. I reached down and grabbed his
cock and pulled it up so I could put it inside me. Chad just kinda sat
there and let me do everything. I think he still couldn't believe that
this little junior high school girl had taken off her pants and asked him
to fuck her. God, it's so stupid; if girls want to do something with a
boy, they gotta tell 'em and not just sit there and wait until he's got
enough courage."

"Anyway, when I felt his cock start to go inside me, I just kinda sat
down like I was sittin' down on a chair; except, no chair ever felt like
this to me. His cock went in easy at first, but then I felt some
resistance. It really didn't hurt; it was just like I needed to be
stretched out. And God, he was stretchin' me out."

"Like I said, I've had boys fingering my pussy since I was in seventh
grade, but this was so much bigger. It was a little uncomfortable at
first. But, as I sank lower onto him, it got easier and feelin' a lot
better."

Kristy broke in excitedly.

"I know what you mean about feelin' kind of uncomfortable and stuff.
That's the way my uncle felt when he fucked me the first time. But, it
started feelin' good right away and, when he got really pumping into me,
I didn't want him to stop."

Carrie nodded in agreement. She knew her friend understood.

"When he was most of the way inside me, I started movin' up and down,
letting his cock slid in and out of me. God, you should've seen his face.
He looked like he was in heaven; or that he was about to explode. Maybe
he'd never had a young girl with a really tight pussy like me, before.
All I knew was it was sure feelin' good to me! I mean, havin' a boy
finger your pussy feels good, but nothing like this. God, I wanted to
fuck and fuck and fuck...all night."

"After a minute he reached up and started playin' with my bare titties
again. He rubbed his palms over my nipples as I moved up and down over
him. Did that feel good! So, we fucked in the car for a little while, and
just I as I started feelin' an orgasm start to happen, Chad yells out
loud, wraps his arms around me, and pulls me down and holds me on his
lap. I could feel his cock throbbing inside me and I figured he was
cumming. I've made boys cum with my hand lots of times before, but this
was the first time I'd made a boy cum with my pussy. God, it felt good."

"Afterwards, we kinda cleaned up and got dressed. Chad didn't say much; I
don't know if he was embarrassed, or what. Maybe he felt guilty about
fucking a girl besides his girlfriend, or maybe he felt bad about fuckin'
his best friend's little sister. I don't know. But, before I got out of
the car, I leaned over and kissed him and told him he was great, and how
I'd like to be with him again."

"So, you started goin' out with him?"

Carrie laughed at her friend's lack of knowledge and experience with the
real world of high school.

"Hell, no. Do you think some big senior jock is gonna be seen walkin'
around with some little eighth grade girl? I mean, he's got this popular,
beautiful, blond cheerleader that he's fuckin' and they're, like, the big
couple at school. Nah, we never went out...."

Carrie was silent for a few seconds as she let that last statement hang
in the air.

Kristy waited anxiously for her to go on and tell the end of the story.
She knew it wasn't the end and watched a broad smile slowly spread across
her friend's face.

"But...," Carrie finally continued excitedly, "he called me about once a
week and we got together without anyone knowing. I didn't even tell my
brother. I'd tell my parents I was going to the library, or somewhere
like that, and Chad would pick me up in his car. We'd drive to some
secluded place out in the country and we'd have some great sex. After the
first couple of times, when I knew he'd keep callin' me, I went to the
free clinic and got on the pill. That way, I didn't have to worry about
anything."

"Sometimes, I'd call him up when I had a baby-sitting job and he'd come
over after I put the kids to bed and we'd do it. We almost got caught
once, when the parents came home early while we were fuckin' on the
living room floor. Chad grabbed his clothes and got out the back door and
I took mine into the bathroom, pretending I was going to the toilet. I
got dressed and came out like nothing happened." She gave a little laugh.=

"God, they never knew what we were doin'..."

"Did you, ya know, love him?"

"Fuck no," Carrie replied with a frown. "It was just great sex; none of
that romantic bullshit. I just wanted to get balled by this big, handsome
older guy. Hell, he was five years older than me. I mean, I liked him and
all - I wouldn't fuck anyone I didn't like - but I knew we'd never be an
'item', at least not in public.

"After the first couple of times, when I started to relax and really get
into it, I started to have orgasms. That's when I really got hooked on
sex. I learned how to suck a cock and make a boy cum like that, too. And
a couple of times he even licked my pussy. I really liked that, but he
only did me like that a couple of times, and I think he was kinda drunk
at the time. But, God, it felt as good as fucking, just kinda different.
I wish I'd find a guy who'd do me like that all the time."

 "Was he usin' me for sex? Sure. And I was usin' him, too. I still went
out with some of the boys from junior high, and after I got on the pill I
even let some of 'em fuck me. But, bein' with Chad was the best."

Chapter 6
part 2
 
The two high school girls were silent for several moments, each lost in 
her own thoughts. The girls thought especially about their own, personal 
experiences with oral sex and the incredible sensations that having their 
pussies licked created between their legs, and they both unknowingly 
dreamed about having someone who would do them like that on a regular 
basis. Kristy finally brought them out of their erotic day-dream.
 
"Let me show you what my uncle gave my brother."
 
Kristy bounced off the bed, skipped across the bedroom, and knelt down on 
the floor. She pulled her brother's hidden stash of porno books and 
magazines out from under his bed. She thumbed through the stack before 
she selected several magazines and brought them over. Plopping down on 
the bed, she handed one to her friend, and Carrie began to slowly page 
through it as Kristy looked over her shoulder.
 
"God, I've seen dirty magazines before, but these are great," Carrie 
commented after a moment, her voice husky with excitement as she slowly 
thumbed through the first magazine. "They look like they're all kids our 
age, except some of the guys. Shit, this guy's old enough to be her 
father." Then, she giggled. "Maybe he is...."
 
Carrie paused, held the magazine open, and gazed with unconcealed lust at 
a series of about 25 photographs, mostly black and white, that spread 
across the next four pages. The photos showed a naked, heavy-set, 
middle-aged man with a round beer-belly kneeling on a double bed covered 
with just a plain white sheet. The man had a goatee of dark hair streaked 
with gray surrounding his mouth and covering his chin, and the pale, 
almost white, skin of his large body was covered with dark hair.
 
He was crouched over the reclining nude body of a short, slender, pretty, 
and obviously very young girl with straight, medium length blond hair 
pulled back and tied into a short pony tail. The girls guessed that she 
was probably only about eleven or twelve-years-old. She hardly had any 
breasts at all, just very small mounds that raised up slightly from high 
up on her slender chest, and the tender little morsels were tipped with 
tiny, hard nipples.
 
The first six pictures, taken at various angles from the sides and above 
the bed, showed the man's mouth fully planted on the little girl's pussy 
slit as she lay on her back on the bed. His big, hairy arms were wrapped 
around the little girl's slender upper thighs, and held her open as he 
washed the flat of his tongue up through her slit.
 
The girl had her knees raised up and pulled back toward her chest, and 
her thin, almost skinny, legs spread wide apart. Her small hands held the 
older man's balding head firmly down between her thighs, and she rested 
her bare feet on his naked back as he lay on the bed and mouthed the 
youngster's cunt with apparent eagerness.
 
A pillow supported the young blond girl's head, and her face was tilted 
up so she could look down between her widely separated thighs and watch 
what the man was doing to her. The broad and genuine smile on her face 
revealed a mouth full of braces, and even in the photographs the girls 
could see her eyes glowed with unconcealed lust. One picture, a large, 
half-page color close-up, clearly showed the older man's short, thick 
fingers pulling the young girl's cunt lips apart as the tip of his tongue 
licked up through the separated inner lips of her small, pink, glistening 
girl-slot. Wisps of light, silky, blond pubic hair sparsely covered the 
young girl's delicate little pussy folds and sharply contrasted with the 
man's dark, gray-speckled beard.
 
On the following two pages there were about fifteen black and white and 
two color pictures showing the heavy-set older man fucking the small 
blond girl in several different positions. In the first four photos the 
man squatted over the youngster, his hands on the bed up near her 
shoulders and her short, slender legs draped over his thick, hairy arms. 
This position pushed her hips back and tilted her little cunt up, and her 
ass was tucked tightly against his loins.
 
In the first picture, the man's hips were raised up and his thick, pale 
prick was pulled nearly all of the way out of her pussy. The two high 
school girls could see just the tip inserted in the opening of the 
youngster's pussy, spreading the two nearly hairless folds apart. In the 
second photo the man's body had lowered and his cock had completely 
disappeared into the little blond's cunt. Kristy wondered how such a 
petite little girl could take the man's obviously large, thick member.
 
One of the pictures was a close-up view from above and in front of the 
pair and showed the couple's loins connected together with just a short 
section of the man's fat sex shaft visible between them. A small, 
triangle-shaped patch of blond fur was just beginning to creep up over 
the young girl's narrow, flat belly, and the man's dark pubic hair seemed 
to intertwine with the wisps of the girl's blond, almost white, pussy hair.
 
In a dozen or so pictures that followed, they changed positions several 
times. In the first set, the slender young girl was on top of the large 
older man and straddled his lap as he lay on his back on the bed. The 
camera was behind her, and Kristy and Carrie could see the girl's blond 
pony tail hanging down between her shoulder blades as she squatted down 
on the man's cock. Through the split between her small, round ass cheeks, 
just the base of the man's sex shaft and his big, hairy balls were 
visible. The rest of his prick stretched and filled the little girl's 
fuck hole as she sat down fully onto his thick, pale prick. 
 
In one picture the girl had raised up on her knees, turned her head 
around, and smiled back at the camera. It was a big, toothy grin, and 
clearly showed the bands of metal wires that crossed her teeth as she 
used her hands and fingers to pull apart the cheeks of her ass. It was a 
great view of just the tip of the man's long, hard cock held firmly 
between her small, pink cunt lips as she straddled his lap. The two high 
school girls could see the shiny, wet moisture that covered the older 
man's cock as it slipped out of the little girl's pussy.
 
The next picture showed the same kind of pose, except the little girl had 
sat back down on the man's sex shaft and pushed it back up inside her. 
She continued to look back at the camera, smiling and pulling her butt 
cheeks apart with her fingers as she sank down onto the sex shaft. The 
genuinely lusty, horny smile of pleasure on her face was unmistakable, 
and both Kristy and Carrie gazed at the sexy pictures with secret envy.
 
Another group of photographs had the little girl on her hands and knees 
while the man fucked her from behind. His large, meaty hands held her 
small, slender hips as he knelt behind her, and the sequence showed the 
man's shaft repeatedly disappearing and reappearing as he pumped his cock 
in and out of the youngster. Here, you could really see the girl's 
barely-formed, cone-shaped breasts as they pointed down from her upper 
chest. In several pictures the big older man bent forward over her narrow 
back and cupped his thick fingers over the two little mounds as he humped 
the sexy young girl from behind. Between his fingers the girls could see 
the tiny shape of her nipples peeking through as he held and squeezed the 
small morsels.
 
But, it was the final set of pictures on the next page that really sent a 
shiver of pleasure through Kristy. Since discovering her little brother's 
porno library, she had looked through this particular magazine a number 
of times and, each time she saw the three large photographs, an 
especially intense jolt of wanton horniness rippled up from between her 
thighs.
 
In the first picture, taken from the side of the bed and a little ways 
back, the young blond girl was on her stomach with her head laying on the 
bed and turned to the side. Her round, smooth behind was perched slightly 
up in the air, and the wide grin on her face again showed the metal bands 
across her teeth as her eyes gazed at the camera lens.
 
The older man was kneeling on the bed above her, his knees spread wide 
out to each side of her slender, narrow hips. His hands gripped the 
little girl around her waist, just above her hips. Kristy could see the 
man's wide belly pressing down on the young girl's ass, and his cock was 
pulled downward as it disappeared between the cheeks of her round and 
slightly raised butt. 
 
The next picture was from in front of the pair, above and up close, and 
focused on the lower half of the man's body. It clearly showed about half 
of the man's sex shaft buried up the little girl's asshole. The older man 
had shifted his hands down to the globes of her behind and his thick 
thumbs pulled the cheeks of her ass apart. In the narrow cleft of her ass 
the girls could see how the thick, pale, male organ stretched the dark 
opening, and Carrie wondered how such an obviously young girl could take 
the sex shaft into her other intimate hole without hurting. She figured 
that the girl must be used to it, and that sexy thought, too, sent a 
shiver of pleasure through her.
 
The final picture was very similar, except it was from back a little 
farther and the older man's head and face were also in the picture. His 
balding head was thrown back and his face was tilted up toward the 
ceiling. The man's eyes were closed and his mouth formed a grimace as he 
experienced that indescribable pleasure almost as intense as pain. The 
girls knew he was cumming; that he was shooting off inside the little 
blond girl's butt hole after having fucked her in the ass.
 
Each time Kristy secretly looked through her little brother's collection 
of dirty magazines this one, especially, always made her pussy tingle and 
wet with excitement. Maybe it was this particular sequence of photographs 
and the obvious difference in the ages of the very young girl and the 
older man that brought back such vivid memories of her uncle doing such 
wonderful sex things to her.
 
As her eyes locked on the last sequence of photographs, Kristy felt her 
own asshole twitch deliciously as she imagined what it would feel like to 
have a guy's cock pumping into her back there and finally filling her 
insides with his hot male wetness. She knew that there were some girls at 
school who liked getting fucked that way; actually preferred it to 
regular sex, though Kristy couldn't imagine how that could be.
 
Usually, as she paged through the magazines slowly and carefully studying 
each photograph, her hand would creep down between her legs and she would 
hold and squeeze herself through her pants. The pressure of her fingers 
rubbing firmly back and forth over her clit quickly built those 
deliciously warm, wet sensations that made the crotch of her panties hot 
and moist with teenage lust.
 
There were plenty of times Eric, her seemingly always horny and willing 
little brother, was around to help her relieve the intense sexual tension 
that build up inside her body. And, sometimes, she simply unsnapped and 
unzipped her jeans and let her own fingers work their magic on her clit 
as her body finally exploded in a deliciously satisfying climax.
 
"God, these are great," declared Carrie as they finished looking at the 
first magazine and set it aside, "the best fuck magazines I've ever seen. 
Where'd your uncle get 'em?"
 
"I don't know. I didn't even know he was givin' 'em to Eric until a 
couple of weeks ago."
 
The girls looked through a second magazine, the one that included the 
pictures of the Asian girl with the shaved pussy getting her cunt licked 
by another small, young blond girl.
 
"God, does that look sexy..." Carrie murmured as the two high school 
girls gazed lustily at the photos, they're breathing quick and shallow as 
their arousal grew even more.
 
"You ever thought about....you know...doin' things with a girl...?" 
Kristy was becoming much more bold and frank.
 
Carrie was silent for a moment, and Kristy could tell she was thinking 
about something. Finally, she spoke, her voice a little more serious.
 
"Well, like I said, true confession time, I guess. You've told me about 
the stuff you did with your uncle, so I guess I can tell you some of my 
secrets."
 
The idea popped into Kristy's head right away.
 
"You mean, you...?" She finally said, almost afraid to ask.
 
Carrie nodded.
 
"The summer before eighth grade, before I met you, my folks sent me away 
to this summer camp for four weeks. You know, you live in a cabin and do 
all this camping shit with the swimming and canoeing and stuff. My 
room-mate was this girl from California named Sara. She was sixteen and 
it was her fourth year at camp. Me, I was kinda scared 'cause I wasn't 
used to bein' away from home for that long."
 
"Sara and I shared a room. The cabin had a big meeting room on one end, 
showers and bathroom on the other, and a hallway in between with four 
rooms on each side. Two girls shared one room together. It wasn't much - 
just a bunkbed, a couple of dressers, and a place to hang clothes."
 
"Like I said, it was my first time away from home and I was kinda scared 
about the whole thing. Sarah took care of me and showed me around and 
stuff. After the first couple of days, things were cool."
 
"One night, about the second week, there was this big rain storm with 
lots of thunder and lightning. One lightning bolt hit a tree right near 
the camp and made this really incredibly loud 'boom'. I was on the top 
bunk and it nearly threw me out. God, I was scared."
 
"Sara heard me cry and got up to see if I was all right. She told me to 
come down to her bunk and everything would be all right, so I did."
 
"I crawled into bed with her and I kinda  laid down next to her and we 
cuddled together. I was kinda laying, you know, a little on top of her, 
and her leg was pressed up against my...between my legs."
 
"After a minute I noticed her hand rubbing over my butt as I lay against 
her. It felt real nice, and I snuggled in against her. I was just wearing 
a T-shirt and panties like I usually did, and her hand just kept rubbing 
back and forth over my ass."
 
"Well, the storm kept on, and it felt good to be with her. I guess she 
liked bein' with me, 'cause I felt her slip her hand under the waist band 
of my panties and rub her hand over my bare ass. I liked the way it felt 
- it was actually makin' me kinda horny. I mean, during seventh grade I 
went out with lots of boys started finding out what kissing and feeling 
and stuff was all about. I let 'em feel my boobs and while we kissed and 
it made me so hot and wet. There was this one boy, Steve, who I really 
liked and, in the spring, we started, you know, puttin' our hands inside 
each others' pants and stuff." Carrie giggled. "That's when I found out 
how fun it was playin' with cocks and makin' boys cum. God, you shoulda 
seen the first time he sprayed all over himself."
 
"Anyway, Sara had her hand inside the back of my panties and was rubbing 
it over my butt. I could feel her leg against my pussy and found it felt 
good when I pressed against her leg."
 
"I don't think she knew, you know, if I wanted her to keep doin' it to 
me, but she got braver when I didn't say nothin' to her. Her hand just 
kept movin' more and more down into my panties until her fingers started 
rubbin' over my pussy."
 
Carrie paused for an instant, the memory of the night coming back to her 
vividly. Then, she laughed softly. There was a lusty edge to the sound.
 
"I think she was surprised when I moved up a little and spread my legs 
farther apart, 'cause her fingers stopped movin' in my pussy for a 
minute. Then, she figured out that I liked what she was doin' to me and I 
wasn't gonna yell or scream or run and tell anyone about it, and she 
started finger-fuckin' me for real."
 
"Like I said, I let Steve do me a lot like that, and I really liked it. I 
mean, it's just the next best thing to fuckin', right? So, I'm laying 
against Sara and her finger's movin' in and out of my pussy, and, God, it 
felt good. I was rubbing my crotch against her leg, too, and I must've 
been making some sounds 'cause she told me to keep quiet or someone would 
hear us."
 
"I was gettin' real hot and horny after a couple of minutes, and was 
bummed when she pulled her hand out of my panties and pushed me off of 
her. I mean, I just wanted her to keep doin' it and makin' me feel good. 
But, she made me feel even better."
 
Carrie let the last phrase hand in the air as she gazed at her friend and 
watched the look of revelation light up Kristy's eyes.
 
"You mean, you....she...." Kristy asked in wonderment, letting the act 
remain unsaid.
 Carrie grinned mischievously.
 
"Yeah, she sure did. Sara got down on her knees on the floor of the 
cabin, put her hands under my T-shirt, and pulled my underpants 
completely off. God, and here I was, this thirteen-year-old girl, gettin' 
my panties taken off by a sixteen-year-old girl. But, shit, I was so 
horny I wanted her to do it. I mean, I wasn't dumb and I knew what she 
was gonna do to me, and I wanted her to do it. I've heard about lots of 
girls doin' things with each other and makin' each other feel good. I 
knew I wasn't a lesbian or anything. God, I liked boys too much to be one 
of those. But, I was sure ready to try anything havin' to do with sex."
 
"So, she pulled my panties off, held my ankles, and turned me so I was 
laying across the bed with my head leaning up against the wall and my 
legs hanging out over the side. Then, she picked up my legs and put them 
on her shoulders and slid up close to the side of the bed."
 
"I felt myself holding my breath as I waited for her to do me and, God, 
it felt sooo....good when she put her head down between my legs and 
started to lick my pussy. Right away she just started licking up and 
down. I'd seen porno movies where guys did this to girls, and even some 
with girls doin' each other, too, but it was the first time anyone had 
done it to me."
 
"What'd it feel like?" Kristy asked, very curious and very aroused from 
her friend's vivid description of girl-sex.
 
"God, it was so good.... She got me so turned-on right away, I didn't 
want her to stop. She even started usin' her finger on me; you know, 
finger-fuckin' me as she used her mouth. She really knew what she was 
doin', 'cause she made me cum almost right away."
 
Carrie gazed at her friend and smiled.
 
"You know what happened then? I did her, too."
 
"God, you didn't!"
 
"Sure, I did, and it was fun. After I came, Sara stood up and took her 
panties off from under her nightgown. She told me it was my turn to make 
her feel good and, shit, I was more than ready to try it out. We changed 
places, with her sittin' on the edge of the bed and me kneeling on the 
floor."
 
"Right away I liked it - it was really fun to make another girl feel good 
like that, and it made me hot, too. She kept tellin' me what to do, and 
how to do stuff, though it was sometimes hard to understand what she was 
saying 'cause she kept moanin'."
 
"I guess I made her cum, 'cause she kinda yelled out and pushed me away 
after a couple of minutes."
 
"And that was when I really started to like camp. Doin' sex things with 
Sara was really special and made me feel good. She even had a vibrator, 
and I caught her masturbating with it one afternoon when I went back to 
the cabin early. She showed me how to use it and I busted my cherry. I 
mean, it wasn't like havin' a guy fuck you for the first time, but it was 
just about as good."
 
Carrie's voice tapered off, and the two high school girls were silent for 
a several moments, each lost in their own thoughts. With fondness and a 
little horniness, Carrie remembered the things she had done with Sarah 
during that summer between seventh and eighth grade, while Kristy 
imagined what it would be like to do things like that with another girl.
 
CHAPTER 7
Part 1
 
Carrie's voice interrupted the sensual day-dream.
 
"Wanna do something?" she asked her friend, a gleam in her eye.
 
Kristy gave her a puzzled look.
 
"I want you to shave my pussy."
 
"But...." Kristy didn't know what to say.
 
"Come on, it'll be fun..." Carrie encouraged. "Where's your razor?"
 
"..in the bathroom."
 
Carrie excitedly bounced off the bed and out the door. She knew where the 
bathroom was and quickly located Kristy's razor, a can of shave cream, 
and several clean towels. She took a wash cloth and doused it in hot 
water, wringing it out before she returned to Kristy's bedroom.
 
"Have you got a pair of scissors...you know, like, hair-trimming 
scissors?" she asked her friend as she entered the bedroom again.
 
"I think Eric's got some... let me look."
 
Kristy crossed to the other side of the bedroom and rummaged through the 
top of her little brother's dresser. She found what she was looking for: 
a small pair of shears with long, narrow blades and pointed tips. As she 
turned around she saw Carrie wiggling out of her tight blue jeans and 
pealing them down her legs. The high school girl sat on the edge of the 
single bed and pulled the pants off her feet. Then, she lifted her behind 
and rolled her bikini panties down her slender legs.
 
She looked up a Kristy and smiled.
 
"OK, I'm ready.."
 
Kristy had to admit that her friend looked very sexy as she sat on the 
bed wearing only a short-sleeved knit top that came down to just above 
her navel. It made her think about the sexy ways her Uncle Ted had made 
her dress, like wearing a short skirt without any panties underneath, and 
how it had made her feel so sexy, so grown-up, so wanted.
 
Carrie turned and  laid a towel flat on the bed. Then, climbing onto the 
bed, she scooted back on the mattress all the way to the wall. With her 
knees up and together, the teenage girl leaned her back against the wall, 
lifted her naked behind, and adjusted the towel so she was sitting on it. 
This would catch the hair and any extra shaving cream. When she was 
satisfied that everything was ready, she looked up at Kristy.
 
"Come on, let's do it."
 
"You sure? I mean, what about, you know, taking a shower after gym? Don't 
you think the other girls'll notice?"
 
"Hey, this is somethin' I've thought about before, and I figure if we 
leave this, no one'll know the difference, except those that I let know 
the difference."
 
As Carrie spoke, she separated her knees, opened her legs, and ran her 
finger tips through the curly triangle of hair that grew over her lower 
belly. Kristy understood what the girl meant. If they only shaved the 
hair off the folds of her pussy and left the small triangle that grew 
over her flat lower belly, then she'd have a shaved cunt and most people 
wouldn't know - just special ones, the ones she let get between her legs.
 
Kristy knelt down on the floor by the side of the bed and leaned forward 
on her arms. Carrie put her feet way out to the sides and slid down a 
little lower on the wall so her intimate girl-place was tilted almost 
straight up and easily accessible to the other girl.
 
Carefully, and a little timidly, Kristy held the scissors in her right 
hand, leaned in close between her friend's thighs, and began to snip away 
at the silky, light-brown hair that grew over Carrie's pussy. As she 
slowly trimmed the girl's pubic hair, she realized that this was the 
first time she'd ever been so close to another girl's sex. Although she 
was concentrating carefully so she wouldn't hurt the other girl, Kristy 
examined Carrie's cunt as she slowly cut away the unwanted hair, taking 
in the full view of the crease of her thighs, the raised mound, and the 
delicate cleft through which peaked the pink inner folds of her pussy. 
She smelled the now-familiar musky scent of female sexual wetness and, 
for a moment, wondered if her friend was finding this activity arousing.
 
Bit by bit the girl clipped the hair down to just stubble. Occasionally, 
Kristy would have to brush away the wisps of clipped hair that she cut. 
She used her finger tips to lightly whisk away the short, curly locks of 
pubic hair from Carrie's pussy. Each time her finger tips brushed over 
the other girl's pussy folds, Kristy felt almost electric-like little 
jolts shoot through her hand and arm, finally making their way down 
between her legs and making her pleasure place feel warm and heavy.
 
Being sure to leave it growing along the front of her slit, Kristy 
carefully snipped away the rest of Carrie's soft pubic fur until the 
raised mounds were almost completely exposed and bare of any hair.
 
"There, I think that's enough," she finally said, sitting back a little 
and examining her handiwork.
 
"You gotta mirror..so I can see?" Carrie eagerly asked.
 
Kristy stood and went to her dresser, returning with a small, round, 
hand-mirror. She gave it to her friend.
 
Carrie held the mirror down between her widely-parted thighs.
 
"God, that looks great," she said excitedly. "I always wanted to try 
this..." She reached down with her left hand and ran her fingers over the 
surface of her pubes. "God, it feels so weird - kinda like a guy's face 
when he hasn't shaved in a couple of days. Now, use the razor and make it 
real smooth."
 
Carrie wiped the warm, wet washcloth over the stubble on her pubic mound 
as Kristy picked up the can of shaving cream and gave it several shakes. 
The high school girl sprayed a bit pile of white cream on her palm and 
leaned down on the bed, again. Carefully, she wiped the thick cream over 
Carrie's pubic mound, smearing a little on the other girl's inner thighs.
 
When the area between her legs seemed to be sufficiently covered, Kristy 
reached for the razor. She knew that the blade was brand new - she'd 
replaced the old one herself just that morning. Kneeling on the floor and 
leaning her upper body down on the bed, Kristy reached forward with her 
hands and began the job.
 
With the finger tips of her left hand she pulled one of Carrie's pussy 
folds a little to the side and carefully began to scrape away the 
light-brown stubble that remained. The trim black head of the razor moved 
easily over the tender and sensitive surface of her friend's sex. Using 
short little strokes she cut the rest of Carrie's pussy hair off, leaving 
the flesh completely smooth and bare.
 
Kristy concentrated on her task, especially aware of not nicking or 
cutting the other girl. Her fingers pulled aside the rubbery folds of 
female flesh as the razor slowly slid along the side of the sex slit, the 
intimacy of their act seeming almost sexual. Kristy found her breath 
quickening as, for the first time, she actually touched and felt that 
most intimate female place of pleasure.
 
With one side finished she wiped the excess shaving cream from the head 
of the razor and did the same to the other side of the girl's mound. She 
sensed Carrie's excitement, too, and felt an almost electric flow between 
them.
 
Finally, she wiped the razor on the towel again, and sat back.
 
"There..."
 
Carrie reached for the mirror on the bed beside her and held the shiny 
surface down between her widely separated thighs.
 
"God, it looks so weird - and the air feel so cool down there." She 
tentatively reached down with her left hand and her finger tips lightly 
glided over the surface of her now bald cunt lips. Carrie could feel the 
erotic sensation of her fingers slipping over bare sexual flesh and it 
sent a shiver of horny excitement through her.
 
"How's it look?" she asked Kristy with a big grin.
 
"It looks....really, kinda neat....kinda...sexy...."
 
There was an awkward pause.
 
"Yeah, well, now it's your turn."
 
Kristy gazed at the other girl, very uncertain.
 
"Come on, if I did it, you can to...."
 
The high school girl brought her legs together and, naked from the waist 
down, crawled off the bed.
 
"Just take your pants off and get up there like I was. I promise to do a 
good job like you did to me. And I won't cut ya either."
 
Doing something like this to Carrie was one thing, but having Carrie do 
it to her was something else. Of course, the high school girl had to 
admit that it did look sexy, and she enjoyed the sense of intimate 
closeness she felt with her friend as she shaved her pussy. Maybe it was 
worth a try.
 
Then again, it seemed that Carrie wasn't going to accept 'no' for an 
answer, either. She was already pulling open the snap on the waistband of 
her jeans.
 
Kristy pulled her tight denim jeans down her long, slender legs and 
stepped out of them. She paused a moment, still unsure.
 
"Come on, your panties, too," Carrie insisted.
 
Kristy bent over and rolled the silky, little black bikinis down.
 
"Now, get up on the bed and sit like I did. Make sure you're on the towel 
so we don't make a mess on your bedspread."
 
Bottomless and wearing just a dark blue, short-sleeve pullover knit 
shirt, Kristy climbed up on the bed. She turned her body around and 
settled her bare behind on the bath towel as she leaned against the 
bedroom wall with her feet together and her knees in the air. 
 
Carrie disappeared out the bedroom door and Kristy heard the water 
running in the bathroom. She returned with a rinsed-out wash cloth, knelt 
on the floor right next to the side of the bed, and picked up the 
hair-trimming shears in her right hand.
 
"All right, let me see that pretty little pussy of yours," she said to 
Kristy with a grin as she snapped the scissors open and closed several times.
 
Feeling a little scared and anxious (and a little excited, too), the 
fifteen-year-old high school girl spread her bare feet apart and 
separated her knees. She let her legs part and fall to down to the 
mattress exposing the entire area between her thighs.
 
Immediately, Carrie leaned down onto the bed with her face close to her 
friend's furry little cunt and began to snip away the wisps of pussy hair 
that covered the intimate area. Using just the tip, she snipped slowly 
away, and the soft, curly hair began to fall onto the bath towel on the bed.
 
After cutting away a few wisps, Carrie used her hand to brush off the 
trimmed fur, and Kristy felt the touch of her friend's fingers on her 
cunt. The little jolts of electricity became undeniable waves of 
pleasure, and, hard as she tried, Kristy couldn't prevent her slit from 
beginning to drool with wetness.
 
Carrie, too, could both sense and smell her friend's arousal. She had 
also found the experience of having her pussy shaved very pleasurable, 
and vivid memories of summer camp bliss quickly returned as she trimmed 
away the light-brown pussy hair.
 
As Kristy had done with her, Carrie left the small, triangular shaped 
patch that began at the front of her slit and grew up onto the girl's 
flat lower belly. But, the high school girl cut away all of the other 
furry growth and left a short stubble.
 
"Where's the wash cloth?"
 
Carrie set aside the shears and rubbed the hot, damp cloth several times 
back and forth between Kristy's thighs. Then, she reached for the shaving 
cream and squirted a mound onto her right palm. Turning her hand over, 
she spread the thick, white cream over Kristy's cunt. Then, the girl 
picked up the black-handled razor and brought her face up very close to 
Kristy's pussy.
 
Slowly, she scraped away the cream and, with it, the remaining dark 
stubble from the high school girl's thick cunt lips. With the finger tips 
of her right hand, she pulled aside the rubbery folds and shaved away the 
remaining hair, leaving the skin very smooth and without a trace of the 
fur that had once covered her girl-place.
 
Kristy leaned her head back against the wall, closed her eyes, and began 
to relax and enjoy the sensations. The warmth of the wash cloth and the 
thick shaving cream, and the thought of her best friend so close and 
touching her most intimate area seemed to make her head float. She didn't 
even notice when Carrie finished the job, and she hardly felt the rough 
touch of the clean towel Carried used to wipe away the remaining shave 
cream. And it was an instant before she realized that the new sensation 
of pleasure she experienced was the light and gentle touch of Carrie's 
finger tips as they slowly, casually, moved up and down along the now 
bald length of her exposed pussy.
 
Kristy didn't say anything. She just opened her eyes and gazed down 
between her widely separated thighs as Carrie's hand caressed her pussy. 
She'd experienced many sexual things during the past several weeks, and 
was prepared to experience even more. Perhaps she'd known all afternoon, 
especially since Carrie had confessed her own experience with another 
girl, that this was eventually going to happen between the two friends. 
And she just sat there, looked down between her widely parted thighs, and 
watched it happen....no, wanted it to happen.
 
The fifteen-year-old high school girl's body felt frozen, yet tingling, 
as Carrie's finger tips moved lightly over the surface of her shaved 
pubes, barely touching her at all. She watched as the girl's middle 
finger traced around and along the edge of her cleft several times before 
it finally moved more and more over her sex slit.
 
"Mmmmm..."
 
Kristy heard herself cry out loud as the tip of Carrie's middle finger 
delved down between the wet inner lips and into her already hot little 
fuck hole. As she lay with her back and shoulders against the wall Kristy 
felt herself raise her hips slightly, pushing her loins up against the 
inward plunge of the other girl's finger.
 
Carrie smiled to herself. She had smelled the friend's sexual arousal as 
soon as she'd begun to trim away her pubic hair, and she secretly hoped 
that Kristy was ready to experience new sexual pleasures that only a girl 
could get from another girl. Sure, she really liked boys and what they 
could do to her, but she'd learned during that summer at camp about the 
special intimacy one could have with another girl, and she was anxious to 
experience it again.
 
 With her face just a couple of inches from Kristy's newly-shorn pussy, 
Carrie smelled the menthol scent of the shaving cream as it mixed with 
the pungent, unmistakable smell of moistening cunt. She gazed with sheer 
lust at the girl's bare, fleshy, pouting pussy lips as she slowly 
finger-fucked her friend. The sixteen-year-old girl watched as her middle 
finger disappeared completely down into Kristy's sweet fuck hole before 
she pulled it back out again, coated, slippery, and shiny with her sexual 
moisture. She felt the walls of Kristy's cunt hold her finger as her 
pussy lips gripped and pulled at the shaft, and Carrie found herself 
thinking about how a cock must feel to a boy as it stroked in and out of 
a girl's sex.
 
Slowly, leisurely, Carrie plunged her middle finger in and out, 
finger-fucking her friend. She could hear the low, throaty moans of 
pleasure Kristy made each time the curled fingers of her hand bumped 
against her slit and she smiled, pleased that she could give her friend 
so much pleasure.
 
Kristy just sat back and enjoyed. In the back of her mind she knew where 
the afternoon's adventure might be headed, and she also realized that, if 
she'd wanted to, she could have stopped it. Now, she never wanted to stop 
it. Here she was, sitting on her bed naked from the waist down as her 
best friend, another high school girl, finger-fucked her. And it felt 
sooooo.... good.
 
Carrie felt the pleasant oozing, warm wetness begin to grow between her 
own legs. It was fun doing this to her friend, but it was also turning 
her on, too, and making her feel good. The musky sex scent from Kristy's 
slit seemed to arouse her even more, and she felt her facing being drawn 
nearer to the other girl's pleasure place. She knew what she wanted to do.
 
Stretching her body a little more forward as she knelt on the floor at 
the side of the single bed, Carrie kept her middle finger imbedded in 
Kristy's cunt as she brought her mouth to Kristy's shave pussy and gave 
it a tentative lick with her tongue. The tip of her tongue slipped upward 
through the moist, slippery cleft between the raised and now hairless 
folds. The girl licked again, deeper this time, forcing more of her 
tongue down into her friend's delicious pussy as she began to lap at 
Kristy's sex. God, it tasted good.
 
Pulling her finger from Kristy's fuck hole, Carrie used both of her hands 
to gently pull apart the thick, fleshy folds as she planted her mouth 
fully onto the sweet, succulent sex place and slide the flat of her 
tongue continually up through the pinkish slit.
 
Powerful waves of pleasure roared up from between Kristy's parted thighs 
as her friend eagerly licked her cunt. These were the most intense 
sensations she had yet experienced in her recent exposure to the 
wonderful world of sex. Even fucking her uncle hadn't felt as good as 
this. Her head seemed to be floating as wave after wave of sexual 
pleasure rippled through her loins and body and exploded in her brain.
 
Instinctively, Kristy reached down and placed her hands on Carrie's head, 
holding and rubbing the girl's face against her crotch as she raised her 
hips to make a tighter connection with Carrie's pleasing mouth and 
tongue. It felt sssoooo.... good; she never wanted it to stop. Her 
fingers pulled through the other sixteen-year-old girl's thick brown hair 
and dug into her head as she held Carrie's face against her pussy.
 
Chapter 7
part 2
 
Eric turned the key in the door of the apartment and entered. As he 
slipped his shoes off on the mat just inside the door, he spotted the two 
winter coats on kitchen table and recognized his sister's jacket and the 
cheerleader jacket that belonged to Carrie, his sister's best friend. The 
boy paused a moment and realized that the apartment was very quiet, maybe 
too quiet. Usually, when the two girls got together, they'd play the 
stereo pretty loudly in the bedroom. Most of the time mom would have to 
tell them to turn it down. Now, it was quiet.
 
Curious, the boy took his own jacket off, put it over a kitchen chair, 
and headed down the hallway. For some reason he found himself moving 
slowly, noiselessly. As he approached, Eric could see that the door to 
their bedroom was wide open and he drew silently closer. Pausing just an 
instant beside the door, the young boy peaked his head cautiously around 
the corner and looked into the room.
 
The boy nearly gasped out loud at what he saw. He could clearly see his 
big sister, her jeans and panties on the floor, sitting on her bed with 
her back propped against the wall and her feet and legs wide apart. 
Carrie, his sister's friend, wasn't wearing any pants or panties either, 
and she was kneeling on the floor with her face pressed against his 
sister's pussy.
 
Eric knew what the two girls were doing. He'd been looking at magazines 
with pictures of teenage girls having sex with each other for several 
years now, and the porno novels his uncle provided were full of such 
experiences between young girls. He was just surprised that his sister 
would be doing such a thing with her friend.
 
The young boy watched the pair, the sounds of his sister's obvious 
pleasure loud and clear even from across the room. He could see Carrie, 
her hands on the insides of Kristy's thighs, using her fingers to pull 
apart the girl's pussy lips and flutter her tongue quickly over the hard 
little clitoris. Kristy seemed to especially enjoy that, and the boy 
watched his sister squirm and press her hands down on Carrie's head.
 
Remembering his own experiences as both he and his sister learned to use 
their mouths on each other, the boy imagined he could even smell and 
taste his sister's sweet, musky wetness as he gazed at the two girls. He 
felt himself harden inside his pants. It had been several days since the 
two of them had gotten together to relieve their pent-up teenage lust. 
When they'd first started fucking about a month ago, it seemed like they 
did it nearly every day, sometimes twice a day. Things had begun to taper 
off a little recently, though they still spent time in each others' beds 
every couple of days or so.
 
The boy licked his drying lips as he watched the two high school girls 
and listened to the sounds of their pleasure. His cock bulged out the 
front of his jeans as his breathing became faster and his arousal grew. I 
wonder if....the boy thought to himself.
 
Turning and moving away from the door, the boy quickly stripped off his 
shirt and dropped it on the hallway floor. Next, his jeans and white 
underwear briefs rolled down his skinny legs and he stepped out of them. 
Taking a deep breath and gathering a little courage, he walked naked down 
the hall a couple of steps and through the doorway of his bedroom.
 
Neither girl was aware of his presence for a moment as he stood a couple 
of feet inside the door and continued to watch what was happening on his 
sister's bed. His prick pulsed slightly as it sat up, straight and erect, 
from the small patch of dark curly hair that covered his balls and lower 
belly. The boy reached down with his right hand and gently stroked the 
hardened shaft as, again, he slowly approached the two girls.
 
Kristy was the first to notice her brother's presence, but she didn't 
give a damn who was in the room or who saw had was happening to her. She 
only knew that it felt so good, and she could feel the signs of an 
intense orgasm beginning to well up from between her legs.
 
The girl looked up at her naked brother and smiled at him as he slowly 
approached her bed.
 
"Hi, little brother," she said, her voice soft and dreamy.
 
Startled, Carrie twisted her head around and came face to face with the 
naked young boy.
 
"It's OK," Kristy reassured her, "Eric knows what I've been doin'. In 
fact, we've....been doin' things too.....you know, together."
 
"Why, you little shit," Carrie said with a grin, "you mean, you've been 
fuckin' your brother, too?"
 
Kristy nodded, yes.
 
"And here I was, thinkin' I was the only girl in this down fuckin' her 
brother."
 
"You, too?" Kristy stared at her friend.
 
"Sure. You remember me telling you about that high school guy that popped 
my cherry in eighth grade and how he was a friend of my brother? Well, 
right before they went off to college together, the guy came over one 
afternoon for one last, quick fuck. We were goin' at it in my bedroom and 
I didn't think anyone else would be home for a while, so I didn't even 
bother to shut the door. Anyway, I'm on my back on the bed with my legs 
wrapped around this guy as he's pumpin' me and I look up at the door and 
see my brother standing there watching us."
 
"Holy shit! Were you scared about gettin' caught?"
 
"Hell, no. I mean, he made no secret about all the girls he'd been 
fuckin' throughout high school, why should I hide it?"
 
"What did he do?"
 
"Well, he watched for a while, and I looked at him so he knew I saw him 
watchin' us. Then, he just went to his room. When the guy that was doing 
me left, I put on my bathrobe and went to see my brother and talk to him 
about it. I just didn't want him telling my parents and stuff. I found 
him in his room looking at this porno magazine with his hand down his 
pants jerkin' off. I told him I'd do him with my hand if he promised not 
to tell mom and dad about what he'd seen me doin'. One thing just kinda 
led to another, and we ended up fuckin'. Ever since then, whenever he's 
home from college, we've been doin' it." She giggled. "He's really good, 
better than most of the boys at school. He gets me off every time, 
sometimes twice before he cums." She smiled. "I think he's gonna like my 
shaved pussy. What about Eric? He any good?"
 
Kristy didn't quite know how to answer the blunt question.
 
"Yeah, I think so...."
 
Carrie turned her head around and looked back at the naked 
thirteen-year-old boy who stood above her, his hand holding and squeezing 
is hard, fleshy shaft.
 
"Well, I'm gonna get your sister off, but my pussy's gettin' real hot. 
Why don't you show me what a little boy like you can do to a big girl 
like me?"
 
Eric was eager to accept the challenge. He had admired Carrie's shapely 
and sexy body for a year now, especially when she came over to the 
apartment wearing her cheerleading outfit. The short skirt that showed 
off her long, slender legs always made him especially horny and, as soon 
as he could be alone, he'd get his porno library out and jerk-off into 
his pillow. He had fantasies about fucking the shapely high school girl, 
and now they were about to come true.
 
The young boy paused a moment and looked down at the kneeling girl trying 
to figure out just how he was going to do her. Carrie was kneeling on the 
floor with her upper body laying across his sister's bed, the lower half 
of her body naked. Thinking about the dirty magazines he often looked 
through and remembering the pictures of kids having sex in lots of 
different positions, he finally saw what he could do.
 
Eric stepped up behind the kneeling girl and, careful not to step on her 
legs or feet as they extended across the floor behind her, the 
thirteen-year-old boy positioned his feet just outside of Carrie's legs. 
Then, putting his hands around the high school girl's waist and squatting 
down, the boy brought his cock level with Carrie's ass. He leaned forward 
and pressed his loins against her behind and ran the length of his 
pulsing little prick up and down through the deep crack of her behind. 
God, it felt good.
 
The boy noticed, for the first time, the way the girl's pussy was free of 
any hair and he paused to examine the unusual sight. Already, the sex oil 
from her pussy was dribbling out of her slit and making her bald pussy 
folds shiny and wet.
 
Overcome with lust, the boy pressed his shaft against her cunt again, 
this time trying to get the tip to pop into her fuck hole. But, the angle 
wasn't the best, and the boy finally had to let go of Carrie's waist with 
one hand, take his cock in his fingers, and tilt it down level with the 
floor. He aimed his cockhead at her hairless slit and again pressed his 
hips forward.
 
Immediately, the boy's cockhead pushed apart the sixteen-year-old girl's 
cunt lips and slipped inside her. Eric couldn't help but gasp at the 
wonderfully intense pleasure he felt as he began to sinking his shaft 
into the attractive cheerleader from behind. He looked down and watched 
as his cock slowly disappeared between the shaved folds of her pussy 
until he felt the warm smoothness of her ass cheeks against his loins.
 
He squatted behind the high school girl, mounted on her, connected to her 
slender body. Holding her firmly around the waist, he pulled his hips 
back and slid a little out of her before stroking his cock into her 
again. Little by little the young boy began to pick up speed as her 
wetness coated his slim and pale cock and he found he could shaft into 
her easier. God, he was horny and needed to cum.
 
Carrie loved the delicious feel of the little boy's cock moving in and 
out of her cunt. This wasn't the first time she'd had sex with more than 
one person at a time. Several times, at high school parties that had lots 
of open sex, she'd sucked one boy's cock while getting fucked by another 
boy at the same time. But, this was the first time she'd ever licked a 
girl's cunt while getting fucked - and it sure was fun and felt good.
 
As soon as she felt Eric positioning himself, she returned her attention 
back to Kristy. No longer afraid of Kristy not wanting to participate, 
she pressed her mouth down hard against the girl's hairless pussy lips 
and rimmed her sweet fuck hole with her tongue. She felt pleased with 
herself when she heard her friend groan with pleasure, and increased the 
action of her tongue over Kristy's clit. With her hands on the insides of 
Kristy's thighs, she again used her fingers to pull apart the bare folds 
of flesh and reveal the sweet, succulent pink insides.
 
Knowing what she liked when a boy used his mouth on her, the high school 
girl flutter her tongue rapidly over her friend's stiff and sensitive 
clit. Quickly back and forth her tongue flicked over the little bud, 
sending Kristy to an even higher level of arousal. Carrie felt the 
insides of Kristy's thighs press against the sides of her head as the 
girl brought her legs together and squeezed an instant before dropping 
them wide apart, again.
 
God, this is fun, she thought to herself. Her own arousal quickly grew as 
Eric humped the teenage girl from behind. The boy's member wasn't as big 
as the high school boys she fucked, but he was sure enthusiastic, and it 
still felt mighty good. The little boy's loins slapped against her bare 
behind as he fucked faster and faster into her. God, she thought, I hope 
he doesn't get off too quick.
 
Just as she began to think about her own orgasm, Carrie heard Kristy 
suddenly growl deep in her throat, then let out a long, slow, 
high-pitched whine as her climax rolled up from between her legs and 
exploded in her head. The entire area between her thighs felt thick and 
heavy as if it was melting, and the incredibly intense orgasm was 
indescribable. She couldn't help but squeeze her legs together again, 
momentarily trapping Carrie's head in between them as her orgasm pulsed 
through her body.
 
Carrie pulled her head out from between her friend's legs and grinned 
happily, her cheeks, nose, mouth, and chin covered with Kristy's pussy 
juice. I'll bet she'll let me do her again, she thought, and I wanna have 
her do me, too. Mmmm...this feels good.....
 
Her attention was soon focused on the young boy squatting just in back of 
her, his cock plunging fast and hard into her cunt from behind.
 
"Mmmm..." she moaned, looking over her left shoulder back at the naked 
boy, "you sure know a lot for just a young kid. I thought you young ones 
cum pretty fast."
 
"I've had lots of practice," the boy answered, his breath hissing quickly 
in and out between his teeth.
 
Carrie could see that his eyes were closed, his attention completely on 
what he was doing and what he was feeling.
 
"Who you been practicing with?" the girl asked, already pretty sure of 
the answer.
 
"Kristy...." is all the boy would say.
 
Again, he seemed to pick up the pace behind her, his flat, naked lower 
belly making a wet, slapping sound each time it hit against her drooling 
pussy slit. Carrie was really turned-on from the things she'd been doing 
that afternoon with Kristy, and she finally began to relax and just let 
it begin to happen to her. Already, she could feel the familiar 
stirrings: the warmth, the wetness, the pleasure that lead to an orgasm.
 
She began to rock back against the boy, her ass pushing back against each 
full, deep, inward thrust of the boy's hard little prick, and the pair 
moved right together. Closing her eyes, she imagined she could feel the 
penetration of his cock even more. God, he felt good....
 
Eric was trying to hold back, trying not to let himself spray his cream 
all over the inside of this sexy girl's cunt until the last second. He 
wanted to show her he was no 'little boy', that he could give her just as 
good of a fucking as any of the boys at the high school. He slammed into 
her cunt, driving his cock as hard and deeply into her as he could. The 
boy rocked back and forth, his hips thrusting forward, almost like a 
machine, as he drove the entire length of his shaft between the grip of 
her bald pussy lips.
 
Finally, it was going to happen. The boy felt the contraction in his 
balls as his climax welled up deep from between his legs and finally 
exploded out of the tip of his cock. Throwing his head back, he cried out 
and thrust deeply into the sixteen-year-old girl one final time, his 
hands around her slender waist holding her against him. The boy pressed 
his loins against the silky smoothness of her shapely ass as his cock 
repeatedly throbbed and pulsed inside her. Eric felt the hot walls of her 
cunt squeeze and hold him as five, six, seven times the spasms of intense 
pleasure jolted his body and he filled the high school girl's pussy with 
his cream.
 
Carrie was just about there, just about ready to cum herself, when she 
heard the thirteen-year-old boy's throaty grunt of pleasure and felt his 
cock expand and spew deep inside her. Ever since the very first time she 
had enjoyed the feeling of a boy shooting off inside her, and this last 
burst of pleasurable sensations was enough to send her into her climax, too.
 
She held her breath and her entire body became tense and rigid as the 
delicious sensations of sexual climax flowed up from between her thighs 
and radiated throughout her body. God, she loved sex... she love to 
cum... she thought.
 
The foggy haze of her orgasm finally began to clear from Kristy's mind 
just as she heard her brother groan. She'd heard that sound before, lots 
of times in the past month or so, and knew he was shooting of inside of 
Carrie. The girl opened her eyes and dreamily gazed at the two kids in 
front and a little below her. She saw her brother squatting behind 
Carrie, his eyes shut tightly and his crotch held firmly against her ass.
 
Carrie, too, seemed to be completely absorbed in what was happening. Her 
face looked tense and rigid, and Kristy wondered if she, too, was 
enjoying the wonderful sensations of cumming.
 
Gradually, the two kids on the floor began to relax. Eric slowly stood up 
and his withering little cock slithered out of Carrie's slimy sex slit. 
The boy stepped over to his sister's bed, sat down at the head, and 
leaned against the head board as his breathing returned to normal.
 
Carrie simply sat back on the floor and folded her bare legs under her. 
She could feel the boy's thick, warm cream oozing out of her pussy hole, 
and figured she was probably leaving a mess on the carpet.
 
"You got any tissue, or anything?" she asked Kristy.
 
"On the dresser...here," the girl answered, indicating the dresser beside 
her bed with her hand.
 
Carrie got up and pulled several white sheets of Kleenex from the box. 
She started to reach down between her legs and wipe the mess up, but 
seemed to hesitate and turn a little shy.
 
"'scuse me.." she said with a little grin and went out the bedroom door 
and into the bathroom across the hall.
 
Chapter 8
part 1
 
 
"Uncle Ted!!!"
 
Kristy yelled the greeting as she rushed to the man and hugged him 
tightly around the neck. She was pleasantly surprised to find Uncle Ted 
sitting at the kitchen table doing paper work as she opened the apartment 
door one afternoon after school. It had been about six weeks since the 
snow storm and those special days when Ted had introduced his teenage 
niece to the marvelous world of sex. The signs of an early spring were in 
the air as the warm spring sunshine melted the snow down to insignificant 
piles in the shadows of the apartment building. And with the coming of 
spring and the longer periods of warm sunlight came even stronger 
yearnings and desires in the adolescent girl's body. Her two sex partners 
were still her younger brother and her best friend, Carrie, and they had 
been enough to satisfy her hunger for that intense stimulation and 
wonderful release. But, lately she had begun to desire more and new 
experiences.
 
But the horny teenage girl had no time to act on her longings because her 
mom and little brother were soon coming in the apartment door with bags 
of groceries. Her mom didn't seem surprised to see her older brother and 
Kristy learned that Ted had called the night before and said he'd be 
going through town on his way to the other side of the state.  He 
wondered if he might stay with the family while he was in town and, of 
course, Becky was quick to agree.
 
After supper, Uncle Ted had an idea for the evening entertainment. He 
suggested that everyone dress up in a sexy way and that all four of them 
go into the living room and watch an unusual sex video he had just 
acquired from a friend.
 
Everyone thought it was a fun idea and quickly disappeared to their rooms 
to find a sexy outfit to wear. The two teenage kids were the first to 
return to the living room. Kristy had put on the silky, dark red camisole 
top with the thin straps and matching shorts her uncle had purchased for 
her during the snow storm. The shorts had that special feature, the 
built-in crotch opening, that made the outfit very sexy. Her brother 
really had nothing special to wear and settled for putting on just a pair 
of gym shorts with nothing on underneath. As he'd stood in the bedroom 
and watched his sister change into her outfit, his cock hardened and 
sprang up, pushing out the front of the baggy shorts in a large, long 
lump. Now as he walked, his loosened cock tended to jiggle back and forth 
against the front of his shorts and made a sexy sight.
 
The two kids began to make a soft, comfortable area on the floor of the 
living room by spreading out some blankets and pillows. As they finished 
the job, Ted came into the room. The man was wearing a very short, black, 
Japanese-style robe held together with a black sash. The bottom of the 
robe hung down barely enough to cover the man's ass, but couldn't conceal 
the thick, hard, fleshy shaft that stuck up so prominently from beneath. 
Ted seemed completely unconcerned that his manhood rose up from between 
the opening in his robe and swayed slightly back and forth as he walked 
around the room.
 
Kristy's breath caught in her throat as she watched the man help with the 
blankets and pillows and insert the video into the player, her attention 
fully on his big, beautiful cock. Eric didn't find the sight arousing, 
but he certainly was a little jealous of the man's size.
 
Finally, Becky, the kids' mom joined them, and both Kristy and Eric 
gasped in surprise at her erotic outfit. The woman was wearing a black, 
lacy top that clung tightly to the upper part of her body. The surprising 
part of the outfit were the two large openings that allowed her bare 
breasts to stick out, bare and unconcealed. The matching string panties, 
just two tiny triangles of material tied with strings on each side of her 
hips, completed the woman's sexy attire.
 
"God, mom, that looks so...." Eric stammered.
 
"What's wrong, didn't you ever think that your mom liked sexy clothes, 
too? Actually, Ted bought this outfit for me a couple of years ago but 
I've never had the chance to wear it - until now, that is."
 
Everyone  laid down on the blankets on the floor, getting pillows for 
their heads so they could watch the video. The two adults lay in the 
middle, Eric on the side next to his mom and Kristy on the other side, 
beside her Uncle Ted.
 
When they were all settled in, Ted hit the 'play' button on the remote 
control and, after a few seconds, the picture came on. It showed a group 
of people sitting on a couch in a living room, much the same way that 
Ted, Becky, and her children were sitting.
 
There were two adults sitting beside each other in the center. To the 
left of them sat a girl, apparently in her mid-teens, and on the right 
two other children, a boy and another girl, both a little younger. The 
camera was very steady and was probably set up on a tripod.
 
Everyone was dressed for summer weather and wore various styles and 
colors of shorts and tops. The adults were young and attractive-looking, 
perhaps in their late thirties. They looked like a happy, normal family 
just sitting together and making some sort of family video.
 
"Hi. I'm Jim and this is my wife, Linda. On my right is my daughter, 
Jenny, who just turned sixteen last week." The girl gave a big smile and 
showed the metal bands of braces running across both her upper and lower 
teeth. She was a cute girl, kind of pretty in a wholesome way, with 
round, red cheeks and very long, straight brown hair that hung down over 
her shoulders and in front of her.
 
"Over here is Brad," the man continued, indicating the other children on 
his left. "He's fourteen, and his sister, Lisa, who turned thirteen 
about, what, two months ago?" The other two kids looked like their older 
sister: very normal, very average.
 
"We've asked Tom, a friend of mine, to take some family videos of us as 
we, uh, do some of our special, uh, family activities. We thought that 
other people who have the same, shall we say, 'family interests', might 
enjoy watching the things we do together."
 
"After Linda and I met, we found out that we'd each been brought up in 
families that were, uh, shall I say, 'very close', and after we got 
married and started having children of our own, we decided to raise them 
the same way we were raised. So, we do lots of things together that most 
other people probably wouldn't understand."
 
"I'm not going to tell you our last name or where we live, but I hope 
that you find watching us brings you, uh, closer together as a family, 
and that you're encouraged to enjoy yourselves like we do."
 
The family paused and looked at the camera for several seconds before the 
scene suddenly changed to what was obviously a bedroom with a large 
double bed. It looked like an adult bedroom, probably the parent's. The 
sunlight streaming in through the window meant it was during the day, 
perhaps later afternoon. Into the picture walked Jim and Linda, the two 
adults. They were wearing the same clothing as in the opening shot and it 
looked as if they just went from the living room into this bedroom.
 
The video camera was set up on the side of the bed down near the foot and 
pointed up toward the head at an angle. The two adults stopped near the 
head of the bed and Jim turned to his wife. The couple embraced and 
kissed, a long, deep, passionate kiss. Jim's hand slid up the front of 
his slender wife's body and cupped her smallish breasts through her 
shirt. His fingers pulled at her nipples as the two adults pressed their 
bodies against each other.
 
Breaking their kiss, they began to undress each other until they both 
stood facing each other naked. They kissed again, Jim's hands squeezing 
Linda's naked, cone-shaped breasts as she reached down and used both of 
her hands to caress his hardened cock sticking up in the air between 
them. They were a physically attractive couple, and it was arousing to 
watch them in their sex play.
 
This continued for a minute or so, until the two adults turned and looked 
expectantly toward the foot of the bed. Another naked person walked into 
the picture and joined the pair, this person a little shorter and more 
slender than the two grown-ups.
 
It was Jenny, the oldest daughter. Linda moved a step away from her naked 
husband and let her sixteen-year-old daughter take her place. Jim 
immediately reached for his daughter's small, bare breasts as they, too, 
kissed long and deep. The father pulled at the teenage girl's nipples 
with his finger tips, gently rolling the little pink buds between them as 
their tongues licked and sucked inside each others' mouths.
 
Standing off the side a little, her mother looked approvingly on as the 
teenage girl reached down with both of her hands and lovingly caressed 
her father's stiffened prick. She stroked her palms up and down along the 
sides of the quivering cock for a minute before her fingers wrapped 
around the long, fleshy rod in a fist and slowly moved up and down the 
man's sex shaft, barely skimming over the velvety surface. The other hand 
reached a little farther down as the sixteen-year-old girl rolled her 
father's hairy sac between her fingers. It was obvious that she was no 
stranger to playing with a man's cock.
 
Linda, the mother, simply watched them for a moment, but seemed eager to 
join the pair. She stepped up close behind her daughter and, with her 
right hand, caressed the young girl's shapely behind as both mother and 
daughter took their turns kissing the man.
 
After a moment the camera angled down a little and zoomed in on the 
woman's hand and what she was doing to her teenage daughter. We could see 
the woman's middle finger as it slipped up and down through the cleft 
between the two firm globes of her daughter's behind. Then the hand moved 
quickly  farther down underneath, sliding between her parted thighs to 
the girl's pleasure place.
 
Jenny shifted her feet back a little and farther out to the sides as her 
mother reach down between her legs and caressed her pussy from behind. 
There was no doubt about what was going on. The woman's hand had 
disappeared completely down between her daughter's thighs and, from the 
slight movement and the soft moans of pleasure from the girl, you could 
tell that she was finger-fucking her own daughter.
 
After another minute the camera zoomed back out, once again taking in the 
whole scene. Father and daughter continued to kiss, their hands busy 
stroking, teasing, and caressing each others' bodies while Linda stood 
behind her daughter and manipulated her teenage cunt.
Jim finally broke a long kiss with the girl and murmured something to her 
that you couldn't quite hear. The girl smiled, her braces glinting in the 
bright sunlight that streamed through the thin curtains partially 
covering the windows.
 
Jenny sat down on the edge of the bed and her father stepped up closer to 
her. The teenage girl simply reached out and, without any hesitation at 
all, tilted her head down and took the man's cock in her mouth. At the 
same time Linda moved closer to her husband and they began to kiss, 
again, as Jim's oldest daughter eagerly pulled as his cock with her 
tightened lips.
The video camera moved a little more forward to get a better angle. 
Focusing in on the side of the sixteen-year-old girl's face, we could see 
the hollow of her cheeks as she sucked on her father's cock. It was 
obvious that the girl was experienced. The whole act seemed very normal 
and natural to her as lips surround the man's prick and moved back and 
forth over the velvety surface. Gradually working her way farther down, 
she finally seemed to be able to take most of her father's prick into her 
mouth as her head bobbed slowly up and down.
 
We heard another sound, this one more clearly: a low-pitched moan of 
pleasure from Jim as his daughter worked her magic on his sex shaft. The 
camera angle widened and pulled back, and we saw the two adults looking 
down and watching the incredibly erotic act the teenage girl was eagerly 
doing to her own father.
 
This scene continued for several minutes, the parents alternating between 
kissing each other and watching their oldest daughter performing oral sex 
on her father. Soon, the girl began to use her right hand on the man's 
slippery prick, her fingers wrapped around his erection and moving with 
her mouth as she applied more pressure.
 
Jim was beginning to get more into it. The man reached down and pulled at 
his daughter's nipples with his finger tips, slightly twisting the hard, 
pink buds and gently squeezing them. As he played with her breasts, his 
hips began to move slightly back and forth, pushing and pulling his 
slippery cock through his daughter's pleasuring lips and fingers. His 
little moans of delight were mixed with other dialogue.
 
"That's right, honey, make him cum," Linda encouraged her daughter. The 
women reached down and petted the girl's bobbing head as she spoke, her 
voice a mixture of admiration, love, and lust.
 
Jenny was getting into it, too. The nipples on the tips of her small 
breasts stood straight out, pink and hard, as her father tweaked the 
sensitive pink growths with his fingers, and the movement of her hand and 
mouth seemed to quicken. Up and down her lips and fingers moved rapidly 
together as she worked the man up to that ultimate release of pleasure. 
Sometimes, the naked teenage girl would lift her mouth off of her 
father's shaft and just use her hand on him, her thumb and first finger 
making a tight ring around the swollen male organ. Enough of her mouth 
juice had coated the man's cock to make it very slippery, and Jenny could 
jack-off her father easily. The girl looked up at her father and grinned 
happily, a big, lewd smile lighting up her sweet, young face as the man 
gazed lovingly down at the girl and moaned with the wonderful sexual 
pleasure he felt quickly growing between his legs as his teenage daughter 
expertly masturbated him.
 
Sensing his orgasm building, the girl dipped her head forward and gulped 
the head of the man's pale sex stalk into her mouth again. She pulled 
eagerly at the shaft several times with her tightened lips, and a few 
seconds later a loud grunt punctuated the room.
 
Jenny lifted her mouth off her father's cock just as it began to shoot 
long streams of white goo into the air. Some landed on his daughter's 
naked upper body, but the girl didn't seem to mind. In fact, by the smile 
on her face and the way she continued to stroke the man's cock with her 
fingers, she seemed to be enjoying it a lot.
 
Linda lovingly petted her daughter's hair as she looked down and watched 
the girl, a big, proud smile on her face. She had trained the girl 
herself when Jenny was younger, about nine at the time, at first showing 
her just the right amount of pressure to apply with her fingers to make a 
cock shoot. The girl had proved to be a great student, and the little 
girl enjoyed the intimate act right from the very first time. Jenny was 
thrilled the first time her father's prick had exploded in her little 
hand as she stroked the hard, velvety shaft, and her father's squeals of 
pleasure made her smile as his cock throbbed and spurted in her fingers. 
By the time she was ten, she was beginning to use her mouth, too, and 
that had been even more fun.
 
And, of course, Jim had proved to be a willing practice partner as his 
young daughter learned the finer points of making a cock shoot off with 
both her mouth and her hands. He would have his daughter practice on him 
almost every night as it became part of the family's "tucking your 
daughter into bed" ritual. But, for the past couple of years it had been 
her younger brother, Brad, who was the person who enjoyed the favors of 
her mouth and hands most often.
 
Chapter 8, pt. 2
 
The scene in the video changed abruptly, as if the camera had been shut 
off for several minutes. As the taping resumed, the three naked family 
members were still in the same bedroom, probably shortly after the 
previous scene.
 
On the TV, Kristy watched as both Linda, the mother and Jenny, the 
daughter, climbed up on the bed and lay down beside each other, their 
heads on pillows. They brought their feet together, drew their knees back 
and up, and let their thighs spread out to the sides. Linda's left knee 
dropped over her daughter's right knees as the two lay close together. 
Jim climbed up on the bed and knelt at their feet up close to each of 
them, his wife on his left and his daughter to the right. Reaching 
forward, he placed each of his hands on the exposed crotch of his wife 
and daughter.
 
Linda's thick, dark brown thatch tickled the man's hand, while he hardly 
felt Jenny's much thinner and silkier hair pubic hair. Cupping their open 
pussies with the palms of his hands, the man slipped his middle finger up 
and down between their slick cunt lips, caressing each of them.
 
Jenny squirmed at the familiar and arousing contact. She'd always enjoyed 
having her father playing with her cunt, something he'd been doing to her 
ever since she could remember. And it was especially fun when her mom was 
in on the game.
 
Jim sat back on his haunches and leisurely played with their moistened, 
glistening slits. He felt their wetness grow and soon poked the middle 
finger of each hand into their velvety fuck holes. He could feel the 
difference in their pussies: the tightness of his young teenage daughter 
and the much more open fuck hole of his wife.
 
The man looked at the camera. "I've been doing this to Jenny ever since 
she was about....how old were you?" He looked down at his daughter.
 
"Five or six, I think...."
 
"Linda and I found out that we both came from families that did sex 
things together as just a normal part of growing up, and we decided when 
we got married, that we'd raise our own family the same way. Just about 
from the first day that the kids came home from the hospital we were open 
about our sex life. As children they were be free to come into our 
bedroom, sit on the bed, and watch us fuck and stuff. We never locked the 
door. Hell, we usually never even closed it. We often like to have sex in 
the afternoon, especially on weekends, and we'd, you know, do it on the 
floor of the living room, or on the couch, or wherever the spirit moved 
us. The kids would be watching TV and us at the same time. And walking 
around the house naked was a real common thing, too."
 
"Of course, they had lots of questions about what we were doing, and we 
always talked to them about it and what a normal, natural thing sex was, 
and how good it felt. We told 'em that it wasn't something to hide or be 
ashamed about - that it was just another natural and necessary bodily 
function, just like their other bodily functions."
 
"They were pretty curious once they got to be old enough to understand 
what we were doing. We also told them that most people didn't understand 
and wouldn't approve, so we had to keep this to our own family."
 
"When Jenny was old enough and seemed interested, Linda and I started 
including her in our activities. You know, just touching and feeling her 
pussy and encouraging her to touch herself and us, too. She'd come into 
bed with us and, like when Linda was sitting on my cock, I'd reach over 
and play with Jenny's cunt while she watched Linda and me fuck. And 
that's another thing - we've always used all the sex words around the 
house with their real meaning, so the kids got comfortable with them."
 
"And we told 'em that, you know, whenever they felt like doing something, 
they just had to ask and someone would help them take care of it. Like, 
when you're hungry, you eat; when you're thirsty, you drink something; 
when you feel sexy or horny, you take care of that, too."
 
"God, both of you are gettin' really wet..."
 
"We like to hear you talk about us like this," his daughter answered, her 
body squirming as her father's fingers were, indeed, making her horny.
 
"Well, I can't do both of you. BRAD!! Brad, come in here," the father 
called loudly to his son through the open bedroom door.
 
"Yeah?" We heard the response from off-camera a few seconds later.
 
"I need your help."
 
That was all that was said, and apparently it was enough. The video 
camera swung around and found the fourteen-year-old boy standing by the 
end of the bed taking his clothes off. He stripped off his shirt and 
pealed his shorts and underwear down his legs. Brad had the slender, 
firmly muscled boy of a young boy, and his erect cock stood out straight 
and quivering from the small thatch of dark hair between his legs.
 
The camera swung to the right and it followed the naked boy as he climbed 
up on the end of the bed and crawled toward the other members of his 
family. His father moved over to left side of the big double bed, the 
side with Linda, his wife, and left his sixteen-year-old daughter to the 
younger boy.
 
Jenny picked her feet up and brought her knees back toward her chest, 
then separated her thighs, her puffy, pouting pussy eager to be filled.
 
The camera focused more closely on the two young kids as Brad knelt 
against her up-turned ass and, using his right hand, expertly tilted his 
cock down until the tip pushed aside the girl's pussy folds and 
disappeared between them.
 
When it seemed to be securely in place, the boy let go and placed his 
hands down on the bed on either side of his sister just behind her 
drawn-back knees. Brad bent his body over her and thrust his hips down 
and forward, shafting fully into his big sister's pussy.
 
Immediately, the young boy set up a slow, even rhythm as he leisurely 
fucked the teenage girl. The video camera remained centered on the pair's 
lower bodies for a moment as the boy's slender cock slipped in and out of 
his sister. Then, little by little, the angle began to widen and soon 
included their entire bodies. We could see Jenny, her head propped up 
with a pillow, gazing down between her pulled-back legs and widely 
separated thighs as her little brother's prick stabbed repeatedly in and 
out of her. She had a big, lusty smile on her face, the bands of her 
braces covering her teeth as she watched.
 
From off-camera the sound of flesh slapping against flesh could be heard 
and, with a jerking motion, the camera moved around from the side of the 
bed to the end and began to film the two adults. Jim and his wife were in 
just about the same position as their two children and were fucking up a 
storm. The man was slamming his cock into Linda, even raising up off his 
knees to fuck deep and hard into the woman.
 
After a moment, the two adults stopped, and Jim lifted his wife's legs up 
and put her feet on his shoulders. Then, he leaned more forward on the 
bed, bending the woman's slender body back even more and tilting up her 
pussy and ass. Now, it was much easier to see the man's cock moving up 
and down, plunging into his wife's pussy.
 
The two kids saw how their parents had switched positions and they soon 
followed. Brad lifted his sister's feet up onto his shoulders and, like 
his father, leaned farther over the girl so that his cock was sliding 
almost straight down between her pussy folds and into her.
 
With the wider angle from the end of the bed, we watched both pair's of 
behinds as they made that intimate connection over and over again. On the 
left side of the picture was the larger, more hairy ass of the man, with 
his thicker and longer cock plunging into the dark hair of his wife's 
snatch. That contrasted with the right side of the picture and the much 
smaller, more pale and hairless cheeks of his son's behind and slender 
cock as the boy slipped his shaft in and out of the his sister's pussy, 
lightly covered with thin, silky hair. On both males we could see the 
tensing and relaxing of their butt muscles as they stroked their cocks in 
and out of their sex partners.
 
Everyone watched the scene for several minutes this way, the only sound 
in the room was the sound of healthy, inhibited sex and the occasional 
moans of pleasure as the four family members freely enjoyed themselves 
without inhibition or shame. It was obvious that this was a family that 
just enjoyed fucking and that it was a normal part of their household.
 
A sudden loud groan could be heard from the video tape, and Brad's naked 
behind suddenly slowed it's rapid pumping motion. His ass muscles 
tightened as he pressed his loins hard against his older sister's teenage 
cunt and spewed his cream into her pussy. The younger boy took several 
more quick stabs at her pussy, prolonging the spasms of pleasure that 
rippled through his loins and seemed to jolt like electricity from the 
end of his cock. A half minute later his father was cumming, too, pumping 
his own thick sex cream into his wife.
 
There was no doubt that everyone in the apartment watching the video was 
becoming aroused. Soon after it began, Becky had reached over and closed 
her hand around Ted's big cock, gently squeezing the thick, fleshy shaft 
and running her thumb back and forth over the sensitive head. She'd 
always enjoyed touching and arousing him with her hands ever since they 
were young kids and had begun to play they secret and exciting sex games.
 
Ted moaned quietly in appreciation, but he wanted to have some fun, too. 
His left hand crossed under his sister's arm and his fingers found the 
little satin patch of material covering her pussy. Using his finger tips, 
the man pressed down into the woman's slit and he felt the hot wetness of 
her cunt as both of the adults continued to watch.
 
The video suddenly changed. We were back in the living room with Jenny, 
the oldest daughter. She was sitting on the couch dressed in her shirt 
and shorts, again, looking every bit like the typical sixteen-year-old 
high school girl. Her long, straight, light-brown hair hung down, framing 
the high cheek bones on her cute, if not pretty, face.
 
"So," came the male voice from off-camera, "tell us about yourself."
 
The girl smiled shyly.
 
"Like what?"
 
"Like...what do you do in school?"
 
"Well.....I'm a good student - almost straight 'A's, and I'm in band, and 
French club and I'm on the Student Council, and I like to be in the plays."
 
"Do you date much? Have many boyfriends?"
 
"Not really. Once in a while some boy will ask me out and we'll go to a 
movie or something. But, I'd rather just go out with, like, a group of 
people and do things. And, like dad said, most people would never 
understand about our family and stuff."
 
"When did you start doing things with your parents?"
 
"Well, it's just always seemed to be this way. I mean, I can vaguely 
remember bein' really young and going into my parent's bedroom all the 
time and watching them do sex things. They'd do it on top of the 
bedspread, not under the covers, and I'd just sit next to 'em while they 
were doin' it and we'd talk and stuff. Lots of times I asked 'em things 
about what they were doin' and why they were doin' it and they'd always 
tell me."
 
"Later on - I guess I was six or seven, both mom and dad started touching 
and feelin' my pussy and I found out that it really felt good. Usually, 
I'd sit on the bed next to dad with my legs apart and he'd be fingerin' 
my hole, kinda finger-fuckin' me while mom sat on his cock. He told me he 
was "loosenin' me up" for fun to come. It felt really good.... lots of 
times mom would do it to me, too...."
 
"They said it was good to feel that way, that there was nothin' to be 
afraid or ashamed of; that it was just a normal part of my body and 
stuff. And we'd always been taught that our bodies were good things and 
we could walk around naked or just in our underwear. So, it just seemed 
to be a natural thing, and they taught me how to do things to myself and 
make myself feel good. I even started having kind of small orgasms, I guess."
 
"When did you first have a cock inside you?"
 
"I'll never forget it - it was my eleventh birthday. I'd gotten my own 
vibrator as a birthday present when I turned ten. Mom showed me how to 
use it and how to open myself up even more and I was usin' that almost 
every day. She'd smear it with this jelly ointment stuff so it'd slip 
real easy and and out of me. Lots of times she and dad would come into my 
bedroom at night when I had it out and take turns fuckin' me with it." 
She gave a little laugh. "God, I'll never forget how good it felt the day 
I started doin' myself with it."
 
"The night I turned eleven we had a birthday party with a cake and stuff, 
then we all went into mom and dad's bedroom and took our clothes off. 
Everyone was there, even Brad and Lisa. I mean, we'd all seen each other 
naked lots of times and us kids were doin' things to each other by that 
time, too. Brad's cock looked kinds funny compared to dad's, standing 
straight up with no hair around his balls or anything.... Mom was kinda 
teachin' him stuff like dad was teachin' me and Lisa."
 
"What kind of stuff?"
 
"What do you think? She'd been sucking on his cock since he was about 
eight. I guess he got hard the first time. Mom was surprised at that. I 
think he was ten before he could cum, though."
 
"Anyway, we all got undressed and I laid down on the bed and dad started 
licking my pussy like he'd already been doing for a couple of years. Oral 
sex was one of the first things they taught us kids to do with each 
other, so we've all been doing each other like that for, well, for a long 
time." She smiled. "I was even the first one to do it to my brother, even 
before my mom started doin' him.... she never knew it, though. We did it 
when mom and dad weren't around - that's why he got hard the first time 
mom did him."
 
"How old were you and him?"
 
"I dunno...maybe I was about 9 and he was about 7. His little cock was so 
cute. Tasted good..." She grinned and licked her lips.
 
"Anyway," Jenny continued, "the night of my eleventh birthday party, when 
dad got me real hot, he spread some of that jelly stuff on his cock and 
laid down on the bed and told me to sit on top of him - I mean, his cock. 
So, I did. I hadn't had my period yet so we weren't worried that I'd get 
pregnant or nothin', and I got him all the way inside me without any 
problem - and we just fucked. God, I'll never forget the way it felt when 
he came inside me and I could feel his cum squirting up into me. I think 
I even came the first time, too; I guess that usually doesn't happen to 
most girls the first time they fuck." She giggled again. "I guess it was 
all the practice I had before."
 
"Now I'm on the pill so no accidents can happen."
 
"When did your brother have sex for the first time?"
 
"That same night. He fucked me after dad got finished. That time I was on 
the bottom and he was on top of me. Felt good, though his cock was a lot 
smaller than dad's....hell, he was just nine....." She grinned.
 
"Did Lisa go through the same thing?"
 
"You talkin' about me?" came a new voice from off camera.
 
Lisa, thirteen-years-old and the youngest of the two daughters, plopped 
down on the couch beside her older sister.
 
"I was just tellin' 'em about how mom and dad started teaching us 
things," Jenny said, "and doin' things with us - and about dad fucking us 
for the first time and stuff."
 
"Yeah, we've been doin' stuff like that ever since we were young."
 
"Remember your birthday party when turned eleven? And how dad fucked you 
for the first time?"
 
"... and Uncle Harry, too," reminded Lisa, "he came to visit just for my 
birthday. OOPS... maybe I shouldn't have said anything about Uncle 
Harry..." She giggled self-consciously as she gazed at the camera.
 
"Remember what dad gave you for your birthday present when you turned 
ten?" her older sister reminded her. "Maybe you should go into your room 
and show 'em what you got for your birthday...."
 
Chapter 9
part 1
 
 
Ted felt his sister's hand moving more urgently up and down his hard, 
velvety shaft, and he was getting pretty excited, too. His hand traveled 
to each side of Becky's hips and pulled at the little knot keeping the 
two strings together. When they were free, the man deftly pulled the wisp 
of material from between his sister's legs and bared her delightful cunt. 
Cupping her mound with his big hand, the man immediately plunged his 
middle finger down into the woman's hot, cream hole as, once again, he 
looked up and watched the sexy family video.
 
Lisa closed the door of her bedroom, then casually whipped her knit top 
up over her head, off her arms, and dropped it to the floor. Her hands 
went to her chest and she un-did the clasp that held the front of her 
small, white bra closed. She unhooked the front, pulled the two sides 
apart, and slipped the narrow straps down her shoulders and arms and off.
 
Her little breasts were like small, pointed cones barely springing out 
from her slender, girlish upper-body. They were tipped with tiny nipples 
that already had begun to grow and harden as she became excited and 
fumbled with the snap and zipper on her shorts. Down came her shorts and 
panties together, laying in a pile at her feet before she stepped out of 
them. The camera followed her every move, even the movement of her pants 
down her slim legs, as the thirteen-year-old girl finished stripping off 
her clothing and was naked. 
 
She had the wonderfully slender and sexy body of a very young girl just 
entering her teens. Her behind had achieved a nice roundness, and the 
cheeks of her ass her small and firm. As she turned toward the camera, we 
all followed the slope of her flat tummy down as it narrowed to a little 
thatch of soft, silky, light brown hair. Through the thin growth of pubic 
hair we could see the roundness of her pussy folds and the depression 
that separated them. She looked young, sexy, and very adorable.
 
"This is what my parents gave me when I turned ten," she said as she 
turned, opened the drawer of her night stand and took out a long white shaft.
 
The vibrator had a tapered, nearly pointed, end on one side and just a 
flat, blunt end on the other. The black square of a switch could be seen 
on the blunt end.
 
"They thought I could, you know, have some fun with it and get ready for 
the real thing when I turned twelve. Everybody had been doing me with 
their fingers, you know, using their fingers on me, for a couple of years 
before that."
 
"You mean, even your sister and your mom used their fingers on you?" came 
the voice from off-camera.
 
"Sure," the thirteen-year-old said with a shy smile, "they do me good."
 
Unashamed and completely at ease with her nakedness, the 
thirteen-year-old climbed up onto her double bed, the white plastic shaft 
in her hand. She picked up one pillow and  laid it on top of the other 
one, making a nice high cushion for her head. Laying down on her back, 
the young girl pulled her legs back a little and casually let her knees 
fall to each side of the bed.
 
Her delightful little-girl pussy lay open and fully exposed. Wisps of 
thin, curly hair covered her intimate area. The smooth insides of her 
thighs led down to the raised mound between her legs.
 
Lisa brought the vibrator up, glanced at the blunt end, and flick the 
switch on. The white plastic shaft began to softly buzz and vibrate. The 
girl held it in her right hand and reached down between her legs with it. 
Holding the side of the tapered tip against her slit, she slowly began to 
run the sex toy back and forth through the cleft in her cunt.
 
The camera's angle narrowed and zoomed up close. The screen was filled 
with the girl's crotch as we watched her slipped the tip of the vibrator 
down more and more between the folds of her pussy and into her.
 
Already, we could see the glistening moisture that seeped from her cunt 
coating the tip of the softly buzzing vibrator. The little girl seemed 
very experienced and wanted to take her time, building the wonderful 
sensations she enjoyed so much.
 
Finally, after several minutes of teasing, the young girl tilted the 
shaft almost straight up and, holding it with both of her hands, and 
slipped the first quarter in and out of herself. She gazed down between 
her widely parted legs and watched what she was doing, a fiery lust 
burning in her blue eyes. We could see on her face the desire, the wanton 
sexual heat, that burned in the young girl as she slowly plunged the 
vibrator in and out of herself.
 
The camera focused even closer, and you could see the round, rubbery lips 
of her cunt pull at the white shaft as it began to move farther and 
farther into the youngster's beautiful little cunt. Her pussy wetness 
already matted the silky hair that grew over the rounded folds. 
 
"What's my daughter showing you?" a man's voice came from off-camera.
 
The camera lens widened and took in the full bed as Jim, Lisa's father, 
sat down on the edge of the bed next to his youngest daughter.
 
"God, honey, ever since we got you that thing I hear it goin' every time 
I go by your room."
 
"Well, I like it...it makes me feel soo..good, so horny," the girl 
answered in reply, a smile on her face. The motion of the vibrator never 
stopped or even slowed down when her father entered the room. The slender 
young girl just kept shoving about half of the length in and out of her 
fuck hole as her dad sat beside her and they casually talked.
 
"Here, let me do it to you."
 
The man took hold of the shaft and imitated his little daughter's 
movement. The vibrator continued to move up and down, sinking farther and 
farther down between the girl's cunt lips and into her oily fuck hole. 
Now, about three-quarters of the shaft disappeared inside the girl, and 
it started to look as if she could take the whole thing.
 
"God, she's got a pretty pussy, doesn't she? Reminds me of my own sister 
when she was this age. She let me play with her pussy all the time.... 
Her older sister's pussy was never as pretty as this."
 
The look on the girl's face showed she liked the things her father was 
saying about her. It was a look of pride in her body and love for her father.
 
After a moment she looked up at the man.
 
"Would you do me like you did last night?"
 
"Are you sure you're ready to try it again?"
 
"Yeah, felt good...."
 
"OK...turn over. Where's the vaseline?"
 
"..on my night stand."
 
Lisa pulled the buzzing shaft out of her pussy and set it on the bed 
beside her. Then, she threw one of the pillows aside, turned over, and 
lay down on her stomach on top of the bedspread, her head on the other 
pillow. The camera took in nearly the entire length of her slim naked 
body as youngster, just in her teens, waited.
 
Jim found the jar of Vaseline, dipped his left fingers into it, and 
turned toward the girl. Lisa spread her legs a little farther apart as 
the man ran his greasy finger tips up and down through the crack of her 
ass several times. Then, his hand and fingers stopped a little farther 
down between her legs and stayed their. The camera quickly focused 
closer, and we saw the man's middle finger pressing against the puckered 
opening of her asshole.
 
Jim pressed the tip of his middle finger against his daughter's anal 
opening. This was something new that they had tried just last night. Anal 
sex with his wife and his oldest daughter was a common thing; even Brad 
was doing it to them. But, Lisa was just getting old enough and 
physically big enough to start introducing her to this unique sexual 
pleasure.
 
The tip of the man's finger pushed passed the tightly muscled opening and 
slipped inside the little girl's butt hole. Jim twisted his finger 
around, greasing the inside of the opening for what was to come.
 
Finally satisfied that it was slippery enough, the man pulled his finger 
out of his daughter's asshole and picked up the vibrator in his left 
hand. Everyone breathlessly watched on the TV screen as Jim placed the 
tapered end of the shaft against his little daughter's anal opening. With 
his right hand, the man used his fingers to spread apart the cheeks of 
her ass, clearly showing what he was doing to the girl. The camera 
focused tightly in again, and we saw the tip of the vibrator slip through 
the darker butt opening and into the little girl.
 
Jim twisted the softly buzzing shaft back and forth as he continued to 
apply pressure and push it down into his daughter's asshole. The smooth, 
narrow tip disappeared right away, and the small dark opening began to 
widen as more of the thick shaft disappeared into the girl's behind.
 
"I'm not hurting you, am I, honey?" the man softly asked the young girl 
as he gazed down at his daughter's puckered asshole.
 
"Mmmmm...God, no....feels good....feels better 'n last night."
 
"Yeah, it'll get a lot easier as you get used to having something up your 
ass like this."
 
Soon about half of the shaft was imbedded in the girl's butt. Jim let go, 
sat back, and admired the lovely sight as he gently caressed the smooth, 
naked back of his young daughter. It was a very erotic sight, too. The 
camera was set up directly behind the young girl's ass and everyone could 
see the sex toy sticking out of the thirteen-year-old's behind as it 
stretched the dark ring of puckered muscles.
 
"Move it in and outa me..." they heard the horny young girl tell her 
father as she wiggled her round little behind excitedly back and forth.
 
The man bent slightly forward, grasped the blunt end of the vibrator, and 
gently pulled it nearly all of the way out. Then, he reversed the 
direction, twisting and turning it as he pressed the shaft down inside 
her again.
 
Slowly, the buzzing rod moved in and out of the thirteen-year-old's 
asshole. The slippery grease seemed to make the movement easy, and Lisa 
seemed to enjoy it very much. You could see her wiggle her round, smooth, 
little ass and lift it up against the vibrator as it penetrated her butt 
opening. It was then that they noticed that one of her hands was 
underneath her and down between her legs, and everyone saw the movement 
of her fingers in her slit as she played with her sensitive clit while 
getting butt-fucked with a vibrator by her father.
 
"That's right, honey, play with yourself....make yourself cum...have a 
nice, hard cum...." you could hear the older man softly croon as he sat 
beside the girl and slipped the vibrator in and out Lisa's behind.
 
The motion of the girl's ass suddenly got faster. She lifted her hips and 
humped her butt up against each inward plunge of the vibrator. Her father 
sensed her increased arousal and moved the buzzing shaft faster, too. The 
heat from her ass combined with the Vaseline and made a hot, slippery goo 
that helped the vibrator move easily in and out of the girl.
 
Quick little circles over her clit as she masturbated, and the delicious 
sensations in her asshole, finally sent her over the edge. Everyone 
watched breathlessly, excitedly, as Lisa lifted her head and arched her 
back as her orgasm exploded powerfully between her legs.
 
Jim smiled with happiness at his youngest daughter's intense sexual 
climax and stopped moving the vibrator in and out of her. Slowly, the man 
pulled the full length of the white plastic rod out of the girl's 
sensitive butt hole and set it aside on the bed. He caressed the girl's 
naked back as her orgasm began to subside.
 
"mmmmm...God, that was nice," the young girl groaned. "Daddy, can you do 
me, now....like that?"
 
"How do you mean, Lisa?" the man coached, "what do you want me to do?"
 
"..fuck me in the ass?"
 
"...sure you're ready?"
 
"Yeah, ready and horny..." The camera was centered on the round, firm 
globes of her butt and the young teenage girl wiggled her slender hips in 
anticipation as she spoke.
 
Jim's face filled the camera as he grinned, then reached down and pulled 
apart the snap on his jeans. The sound of his zipper and the rustle of 
his clothing could be easily heard as the man stripped off his pants. He 
left his knit shirt on and was soon naked from the waist down as he 
climbed up on the bed, threw a knee over the body of his youngest 
daughter, and straddled her hips. The long, narrow shaft of his cock 
stuck nearly straight up from below the hem of the shirt he still wore.
 
Reaching over to the night stand, the man dipped the fingers of his right 
hand into the yellowish jar of vaseline and scooped out a small amount 
with his finger tips. He held his long cock still in his left hand as he 
smeared the greasy cream over the head and down the shaft, coating the 
reddened tip and down along the sides of the smooth, fleshy shaft.
 
"Ready, honey?"
 
"mmmm....yeah...."
 
The cameraman took several steps forward and tilted the camera nearly 
straight down, giving everyone a clear view. Jim pushed his cock down, 
and between the girl's slender, slightly separated thighs, you could see 
him rubbing the swollen tip against the dark red circle of his daughter's 
asshole. After a few seconds, the cockhead pressed against the opening as 
Jim leaned forward and forced the tip against the puckered anal hole.
 
The preparation with the vibrator certainly seemed effective as the dark 
tip of the man's cock immediately broke through the muscled opening and 
disappeared inside the little girl's butthole.
 
"I'm not hurting you, am I, honey?" the man asked.
 
"God, no... feels nice....."
 
"Yeah...nice 'n tight...." Jim answered, pleased at her response as he 
pressed his hips downward, forcing more of his cock into his young 
daughter. He was really horny after anally masturbating his daughter with 
the vibrator, and his heavy balls needed release.
 
Jim's cock was about halfway inside the little girl when he leaned 
forward over her body, placed his hands on the bed on each side of her, 
and slowly began to hump in and out of her asshole.
 
The cameraman, searching for a better angle, moved back several steps, 
and the picture of the half-naked man crouched above the slim nude body 
of the young girl filled the screen. You could clearly see the man's cock 
tilted down, the first half or so completely disappearing between the 
round little cheeks of the teenage girl's behind. His ass moved up and 
down at a slow, leisurely pace, his shaft working it's way more and more 
into the youngster's tight, hot asshole.
Butt-fucking was not knew to Jim-he'd already been fucking Jenny, his 
oldest daughter, in the ass for several years, especially during the days 
when she had her period. She seemed to enjoy the sensation, and even 
asked him to fuck her that way at other times. But, he'd put this off 
with Lisa, wanting her to be ready and enjoy the experience the first 
time. He'd shown her what to do with the vibrator, and now she seemed 
ready for the real thing.
 
"How is it....?" he asked the girl again, his thighs moving continually 
up and down as she stroked his sex shaft in and out of the young girl.
 
"mmmmm...feels better than the vibrator", Lisa answered, as she felt the 
fullness of her father's cock delving deep into her anal opening, "a hell 
of a lot better".
 
Jim smiled and began to move a little faster above the naked girl as she 
lay on her stomach beneath him.
 
"You like this, huh? You like getting fucked in the ass by your father?" 
he grunted, the bed beginning to squeak, the sexy words adding excitement 
to his voice.
 
"Yeah, dad, fuck me in the ass..." the girl responded, understanding the 
erotic power of the dirty talk.
 
That was the last words spoken for the next several minutes. Everyone 
watched the screen as the camera focused on the pair. The bed bounced 
slightly with each deep, rhythmic down-stroke of Jim's cock. The sound of 
flesh against flesh was softly heard as the man fully penetrated his 
daughter's asshole and the cheeks of her butt slapped against his naked 
thighs. His hairy behind pistoned up and down as he drove his greasy cock 
again and again into the girl's behind.
 
The hot, smooth walls of Lisa's butt gripped and pulled at his prick like 
a slick, warm rubber glove as it slipped in and out of her. Fucking his 
daughters'  had always been nice, especially when they were younger and 
just being broken in, but this was a different sensation, an even more 
wild and wanton sensation.
 
The camera quickly jumped up and locked on the man's face. His eyes were 
shut, his concentration solely on the wonderful sensations rapidly 
building in his balls. He seemed to be biting his lower lip as he pumped 
more forcefully into his youngest daughter, his climax quickly approaching.
 
"Oh..fuck......"
 
Jim drove his cock into the girl's butthole for a final time, then 
suddenly collapsed down over her, covering her naked body with his own as 
he felt his cock pulsing and pumping his cream into his daughter's 
bowels. He felt Lisa wiggle her ass against his loins, loving the 
sensation of her father's sperm jetting deep into her. As his orgasm 
subsided, he lifted his face and kissed the back of her blond head.
 
"I love you, Lisa", he murmured to her.
 
"...and I love you, too, daddy," we heard her reply.
 
The scene abruptly changed again, as if taping had been stopped for a 
while, then suddenly resumed. All of these seemed to be events that 
occurred over the course of some time, perhaps several days or weeks. It 
was as if the family was compiling a filmed history of some of their 
sexual activities.
 
The new scene was quite clear. Linda, the mom, knelt fully clothed on the 
floor of the living room. The couch was beside her and her 
fourteen-year-old son stood in front of her. The boy's jeans and 
underwear were bunched down around his ankles as his mother pulled and 
sucked at his swollen little cock.
 
The woman held her hands on the sides of the boy's smooth, pale, naked 
thighs as her head moved slowly back and forth and Brad's shaft slipped 
between her rounded and tightened lips.
 
Brad had his hands on his mother's shoulders as he steadied himself. The 
boy looked down and watched what the woman was doing to him, occasionally 
closing his eyes and quietly moaning with pleasure.
 
Eric watched the scene intently. He'd seen lots of porno movies, even at 
his young age, but this was just about the most exciting and stimulating 
thing he'd ever seen. I mean, watching this family doing all of these sex 
things with each other, just like his family, was getting him very 
aroused. The boy slipped his hand inside the large, loose leg opening of 
his gym shorts and closed his fingers around his cock. Already, he could 
feel the spot of wetness on the front of his shorts where his cock had 
already begun to drool it's clear moisture from the tip, and the boy 
slipped his fingers up and down his prick.
 
It was hard to get any kind of motion going, so he decided to just pull 
his shaft out through the leg opening. I mean, his mom was laying down 
beside him playing with his uncle's cock out in the open, why shouldn't he?
 
Eric continued to watch the sexy video, though now things seemed even 
more exciting as his experienced hand began to work it's magic on his 
pale, fleshy shaft, and he slowly masturbated as he watched.
 
On the television screen the boy's entire cock seemed to disappear into 
the woman's mouth. You could see the base of his cock bump up against her 
rounded lips and the small sac of his balls rub against her chin. Even 
though the boy's prick wasn't very big or long, it was still an 
incredible thing to watch.
 
Sometimes, she would let his cock spring nearly upright and use her 
tongue to lick up the sensitive underside. Linda would gaze up at her 
son's face, obviously pleased with the look of ecstasy she was creating 
in the boy's loins. The woman smiled lustfully several times when she 
heard his whimpers of pleasure.
 
After a few minutes, Linda took her right hand off the boy's bare thigh 
and circled his prick with her thumb and first finger. This made another 
tight circle of pleasure around the boy's sex rod and added more 
wonderful sensations between his legs. She was eager to make him shoot, 
to make him cum, to let him experience that sense of ultimate pleasure. 
Ever since the first time she had used her hands, and eventually her 
mouth, on the growing boy's little cock, Linda felt great pleasure and 
closeness with her son each time she helped him orgasm. Open and casual 
sex between members of her own family as she was growing up were was a 
pleasant, warm and vivid memory, and she was glad she had married a man 
who shared her experiences and beliefs.
 
Brad's cock must have been very wet and slippery, because we could see 
her hand traveling easily back and forth along his entire length, the 
circle of her fingers moving in short, quick little strokes. For a 
moment, the women just held the boy's cockhead between her lips and 
skimmed her fist up and down his cock, milking the fleshy rod. Then, she 
engulfed the entire prick with her mouth, letting it slide down her 
throat. The woman was obviously very experienced at oral sex, and her son 
must be one of her practice partners.
 
Brad stepped his feet farther out to each side, steadying his body as the 
pleasure grew toward that wonderful explosion the he knew was soon 
coming. His mother seemed to sense the building of his orgasm and picked 
up the pace, jacking her son's cock off faster and faster and with 
fingers, pushing him to climax as she held his cock between her lips and 
opened her throat.
 
About a half-minute later we watched as the boy began to slowly arch his 
back, pressing his cock against the pressure of his mother's hand and 
mouth. Brad's face began to grimace with that sensation of pleasure 
nearly as intense as pain, and that wonderful and intensely pleasurable 
feeling of his loin's melting and squirting out began.
 
It looked as if Brad's mom calmly swallowed down each spurt as she held 
the young boy's sex shaft securely in her mouth. As he came, she 
continued to stroke his cock, coaxing each last drop of thick, salty 
cream from her young son's pulsing balls. It was quite something to watch.
 
When they were finished, Linda stood and smiled and gave her son a little 
peck on the cheek as she walked away. The boy pulled his pants up, 
snapping and zipping his jeans as if this was no big deal. And, 
apparently in this family, it wasn't.
 
Chapter 9
part 2
 
Things were getting really hot in the living room. Eric's hand moved 
boldly up and down his exposed shaft, his fingers skimming over the 
surface as his eyes were glued to the TV screen. But, he was surprised 
when he felt another hand move toward his cock and, startled, looked down 
at his lap.
 
Becky looked over at her son and smiled impishly as her hand replaced his 
own. She'd watched what the boy was doing to himself and found his short, 
skinny cock different from her brother's and strangely attractive. Now, 
she lay on the living room floor, one hand holding her young son's cock 
and the other her own adult brother's. God, she was horny, and it might 
be fun to get both of them off.
 
But, Ted was getting really hot, too, and wanted something more. 
Suddenly, he sat up and turned toward Becky. Grabbing her knees, he moved 
her legs apart as he scooted up close to her open crotch.
 
The woman never released her grip on either cock as the man changed 
position. She was hot from watching the sex video and needed to be 
fucked, too, and was glad Ted had taken the initiative. When he was in 
position, Becky, herself, guided the man's swollen shaft to her pussy 
opening, and cried out as he thrust deeply into her.
 
Ted placed his hands on the floor on either side of the slender woman's 
shoulders and plunged his cock into the slender woman. The family sex 
video had made him so hot and so hard, he badly needed release. The man's 
ass moved quickly up and down as he set up a fast fucking rhythm, his 
eyes closed as he concentrated on the wonderful sensations his sister's 
pussy was creating between his legs.
 
As her brother pumped into her, Becky kept her other hand busy jerking 
off the young boy next to her. When Ted moved above her to get into 
position, the woman had to release her son's prick for a moment. Right 
away, the boy slipped his baggy gym shorts completely off, and the skinny 
thirteen-year-old boy moved his naked body closer to his mother, hopeful 
that she would continue masturbating him and making him feel so good and 
excited. 
 
As soon as Ted began fucking her, Becky reached over and grabbed her 
son's delightful little cock again. She skimmed her fingers lightly up 
and down over the smooth, warm surface, and she could feel the silky, 
curly hair at the base of his cock tickle her hand as she slowly stroked 
the pale sex shaft. 
 
The woman was really enjoying the act of jacking off the young boy, and 
Eric seemed to be enjoying it, too. She could feel his hips occasionally 
raise up slightly off the floor as he tried to drive his cock into her 
hand even harder. Then, he groaned as her thumb traced circles around the 
soft, velvety cockhead. The woman smiled to herself, then groaned, too, 
as Ted thickness moved quickly in and out of her. God, she thought to 
herself, I wonder who'll get off first?
 
Kristy was enjoying herself, too, though she wasn't quite sure what was 
more exciting to watch - the family sex video or her mom and uncle 
fucking on the floor beside her. Both activities were having a powerful 
effect on the teenage girl, and her fingers stole down to the slit in the 
crotch of her silky shorts. She found the built-in opening and she found 
her sensitive pleasure place as her experienced hand began to quickly 
build that delicious sensation between her legs.
 
Even now, two weeks after having shaved her pussy hair almost completely 
off, the fifteen-year-old girl still felt the sensations of her smooth, 
bare cunt folds a little strange to the touch. No one in her gym class 
had noticed what she had done because of the triangle of pussy fur she'd 
left growing on her smooth and flat lower belly. But, her brother knew, 
and her best friend, Carrie, knew, too.
 
Each week Kristy took a long, hot bath and used the opportunity to scrap 
away the stubble that started to grow again, keeping her intimate area 
smooth and hairless as baby's skin. And several times during the past two 
weeks, Kristy and Carrie had quietly gotten together at one of their 
homes after school and enjoyed that special intimacy and those special 
orgasms that only girls can give each other. It was a whole new sexual 
world to Kristy, and she was sure enjoying it.
 
Now, as Kristy's finger tips made quick little circles over her clit, 
making her musky juices trickle down her slit, the scene in the video 
changed again. The camera was in the doorway of the living room and the 
wide-angle lens was taking in the whole scene. There seemed to be a pair 
of naked people to the right and another to the left of the screen. The 
camera panned over to the right and began to get closer, the jerky motion 
showing someone was carrying the camera as it approached the first couple.
 
Kristy could see that the older girl, Jenny, was laying naked on the 
couch, one of her feet on the couch and the other on the floor. The 
girl's mother, also naked, knelt on the floor while half-laying across 
the couch, her head between her daughter's widely parted legs.
 
As the camera got closer and focused more tightly, it stopped above the 
two females and pointed down. Linda, the mother, was using the full, flat 
width of her tongue to slurp up through her daughter's musky slit. Again 
and again, the woman licked from the bottom to the top of the girl's 
cleft, her head moving up and down as her tongue traveled through Jenny's 
sex.
 
Sometimes, Kristy could see the woman glance up at her daughter's face as 
she licked the girl's cunt, and she seemed to smile when she heard the 
girl moan with pleasure.
 
"Oh, mom, you do me soooo....gooooddddd...." the girl softly said, as she 
lifted both of her hands and began to pet the woman's head moving head.
 
Linda just grunted in reply, the stopped at the top of her daughter's 
pussy and flicked her tongue quickly over the girl's clit.
 
"Give me a pillow; I wanna see...." said Jenny.
 
Linda lifted up her wet face, reached over to the other end of the couch, 
and gave her daughter several pillows.
 
Jenny put them under her head so that her face was tilted up and she 
could watch what her mother was doing to her, down between her open legs.
 
The woman went back to eagerly performing oral sex on her teenage 
daughter. 
 
After several minutes the camera swung to the left and showed just the 
girl's face as Linda resumed what she was doing. The big, lusty grin on 
her very young and innocent-looking face showed the bands of braces 
crossing both her lower and upper teeth, and showed her obvious enjoyment 
and arousal.
 
From off-camera came several words, and the camera quickly spun around 
and moved to the other side of the room. Lisa, the youngest of the two 
daughters, was sitting, or rather half-laying, naked in the large, 
over-stuffed chair.
 
Her father, Jim, was kneeling on the floor in front of the chair with the 
young girl's skinny, naked legs sitting across his shoulders. He was 
doing the same thing to the little thirteen-year-old girl that his wife 
was doing to their older daughter. The camera positioned itself above the 
back of the wide, soft chair and shot down on the couple. Jim had his 
arms wrapped around underneath the girl's slender thighs and his hands 
extended up and cupped the little girl's small, developing breasts. 
Kristy watched as the man's fingers and thumb pulled and played with the 
youngster's tender nipples.
 
A small area of wispy hair grew up several inches in the bottom point of 
the triangle created by the crease of her thighs. The man's mouth seemed 
to be glued to the little girl's cunt and it looked as if his widely open 
mouth covered her entire intimate area. His tongue was probably licking 
deeply up into the girl's little fuck hole, slurping up her deliciously 
sweet sex sauce. Even as Kristy gazed breathlessly at the intensely 
sensual sex scene, she could see the older man's face lift up slightly, 
and she watched as he ran his tongue in several big circles around the 
rim of her pussy before pressing his lips back down onto her pussy lips. 
It looked to Kristy as if the man was French-kissing his little 
daughter's intimate mouth-like opening between her legs and, as her own 
fingers plunged into her slick sex opening, she pretended that the man in 
the video was actually doing it to her and not his own daughter. God, it 
made her horny.
 
On the television screen Jim, the father, shifted his position slightly 
and moved a little closer to the chair and his daughter. His fingers slid 
down from her little breast mounds, across her smooth, flat stomach, and 
reached for her cunt folds. The man pulled the folds apart as the camera 
focused down even more closely, and he began to licked over the swollen 
pleasure bud.
 
In the video Lisa let out a long, low-pitched groan as the man 
concentrated on her sensitive and swollen clit. Kristy could see the 
little girl raise her hips up, pressing her crotch against her father's 
pleasuring mouth and face.
 
The man held her steady with his arms wrapped around her squirming legs, 
his tongue flicking constantly and rapidly over the young girl's hard 
little button, driving her toward her climax.
 
The camera moved again, this time to the side of the chair, taking in the 
side of Jim's face and all of Lisa's slender young body from her hips to 
her head. In this view, you could see the two hard little nipples that 
stuck out so straight from the slight rise of her tender breast mounds. 
You could also see the way the thirteen-year-old girl lifted her pubic 
mound and pressed it down against her father's face, almost humping his 
face with her delightful little cunt as her orgasm rushed over her.
 
You could see her mouth begin to open in a silent scream as she grabbed 
her father's head and held his mouth tightly against her spasming pussy. 
The girl's eyes were squeezed tightly shut and Kristy saw the grimace of 
intense pleasure on her cute and innocent face as her naked body seemed 
to go completely rigid as she came.
 
The camera held still and focused on her as waves of wondrous pleasure 
washed through her body. Jim, her father, continued to lick his tongue up 
through her slimy slit, though very slowly and not nearly as hard. The 
man knew it was just a nice way to sustain his naked young daughter's 
climax for a little long before he lifted her slender legs off his 
shoulders and gradually moved away from her.
 
Kristy watched the young teenage girl in the video cum, jealous of the 
obvious intensity of her climax even as her own orgasm began to build 
between her legs. Since her sexual awakening several months ago, the 
fifteen-year-old girl had discovered that her orgasms were happening more 
quickly now that her body knew how to relax and respond to the sexual 
stirrings between her legs. Now there was hardly a day that went by when 
she didn't masturbate at least once. And she and Eric usually fucked 
several times a week, sometimes after school and sometimes at night when 
they went to bed. When she had her period, she enjoyed getting the 
younger boy off with her mouth, and she found that to be very arousing 
and almost came at those times, too. But, her girl-sex experiences with 
Carrie she found especially intimate and enjoyable, and she usually had 
at least two orgasms whenever they got together.
 
Now, she felt the tell-tale signs of her approaching orgasm as her 
fingers alternated between plunging down into her drooling fuck hole a 
couple of times, then making quick, hard circles over her sensitive sex 
button.
 
"Mmmmm...." she moaned out loud, her eyes closed as her whole being began 
centered on the wonderful sensations building between her thighs.
 
Becky turned her head, looked at her teenage daughter masturbating so 
openly beside her, and grinned.
 
"Look, she's gettin' herself off...." the woman said proudly.
 
Ted looked over, too, though his lower body never stopped it's slow up 
and down movement as he fucked his adult-aged sister.
 
"Yeah, she's a hot one...," the man answered, "reminds me of you once we 
started doin' things. Christ, you couldn't keep you hands outa my pants 
once we started feelin' each other up, remember? And once we started 
fuckin' you wanted to do it all the time. Remember the time that Sunday 
afternoon when we were up in your room and you had your dress up and I 
was fuckin' you from behind? We didn't hear anyone comin' until mom 
stepped on that squeaky top step and I barely got outa you before she 
opened the bedroom door and walked in. I grabbed a blanked and  laid down 
on the floor while you pulled your dress down just in time. Hell, Mom 
thought I was takin' a nap. And here I was layin' there with a hard dick 
still stickin' out through the fly of my pants. God, that was a close one."
 
"I'm glad my kids don't have to hid from me any more," Becky replied, "I 
mean, if they wanna do it I'd rather have them do it around here and have 
protection and stuff." She gave Eric's cock a playful little squeeze 
before continuing to stroke her fingers up and down the young boy's 
shaft. "Besides, Eric's got such a cute little cock...."
 
"Do you want him to fuck you?" her brother asked.
 
That caught Becky by surprise. The sexy happenings in the apartment 
between her son and daughter were one thing, and Becky found that, from 
her point of view, fucking was a normal and natural thing for a brother 
and sister to do. But, it had never occurred to the woman that she might 
want to actually have sex with her own son.
 
Yet, the idea didn't seem out of place as she casually stroked her hand 
up and down her son's cock that was sticking up, slender and hard, 
through the baggy leg of his gym shorts. The woman's fingers pulled at 
the dark, sculpted head of the boy's prick, and she felt a shiver of 
excitement shiver through Eric's body as she paid special attention to 
that sensitive part of his sex shaft. Yet, she knew they were engaged in 
what many people would call 'forbidden acts', even though, as a family, 
they felt nothing wrong or guilty or 'bad' about what they were doing. 
And what they decided to do in the privacy of their own home, well, 
that's what they would do.
 
"What do you think, Eric?" Becky said, giving her son's cock an 
affectionate squeeze, "would you like to fuck me?"
 
By this time Eric was ready to fuck just about anything. He'd been 
sitting there watching this incredibly sexy video with the three young 
teenage kids doing all sorts of sex things with their parents and each 
other while around him his sister, mother, and uncle were all openly 
engaging in some sort of sex act. I mean, what was a horny 
thirteen-year-old boy to say to a question like that?
 
"Sure, Mom....if you wanted me to....." The boy seemed willing, if a 
little hesitant.
 
Ted looked at the boy.
 
"Your sister looks like she's warmed up and ready to go. Why don't I move 
over to her and you can change places with me?"
 
The man sat back on his knees and his slimy cock sprang upright as it 
released from the wet hole between his grown-up sister's thighs. Scooting 
a few feet over to his right on his knees, he picked up his niece's 
slender legs and pushed them back. Fucking his sister was always nice, 
but fucking her teenage daughter was becoming addicting. He'd wanted to 
get his cock into the girl ever since he'd arrived earlier that day.
 
Kristy had heard the conversation beside her and it didn't shock her at 
all. The wonderful world of sex had been opened to her weeks ago and 
there wasn't anything that she wasn't willing to try or see or agree to 
when it came to sex. Girl sex, family sex, oral sex, anything ripe for 
exploring. So, to hear her uncle encourage her mother to have sex with 
her own son didn't seem out of the ordinary at all. After all, she'd been 
fucking the boy regularly and if a brother and sister could fuck, why not 
a mother and her son? And her mother was certainly willing enough. 
Besides, the fifteen-year-old girl had already had thoughts along those 
same lines. I mean, if sex with another girl was really nice, maybe sex 
with an older woman would be even nicer.
 
She heard her uncle's suggestion and watched as he moved over to her, 
placed his hands behind her knees, and pushed her legs back. Masturbating 
while she watched the porno video had been nice, but cumming with a cock 
inside you was always much nicer, especially when it was a big, thick 
cock like Uncle Ted's. As soon as the man's loins were poised over her 
open crotch, the teenage girl knew just what to do: she reached up with 
her right hand and pulled the man's cock down toward the slit in the 
opening of her silky shorts.
 
Kristy felt her mother's oily wetness on the man's velvety shaft as she 
pressed the tip down between her legs. God, she thought, I wonder what it 
tastes like? I wonder if it tastes like Carrie?
 
"OHHHH...." she grunted out loud, her head snapping slightly back as 
Ted's cockhead slipped between her moist pussy lips and the man leaned 
forward and sank his cock down into her hot pussy. She was so wet and 
open from masturbating that he immediately slid all of the way into her 
and the base of the older man's cock bumped against the sensitive, 
swollen button of her clit.
 
Ted was horny, too, and right away he began to slowly and rhythmically 
pump into the teenage girl. As he pushed her knees back and thrust 
forward, he glanced down and watched his glistening sex shaft disappear 
between opening in the crotch of the girl's silky shorts and slip between 
the shaved, fleshy folds of his niece's sweet pussy. Then, he leaned back 
and he could see the thick, pale form of his cock reappear, coated with 
the girl's musky sex cream. 
 
"God, you've got a great little pussy," he murmured, more to himself than 
to anyone in particular. It was an extremely erotic sight, but not nearly 
as erotic as the sight beside him.
 
His adult sister was in much the same position as her own teenage 
daughter, except that the person thrusting so enthusiastically into the 
moist molten center between her legs was a young thirteen-year-old boy 
who just happened to be her own son. Ted turned his head to the side and 
watched them couple. The woman's hands held the round, hairless globes of 
the boy's pale ass as it rose and fell, controling the speed of the small 
cock that pounded into her cunt.
 
"....boy's not bad, huh?" he teased his adult sister, his own cock never 
losing it's rhythm as he slowly fucked in and out of Kristy's cunt.
 
"mmmmm....'not bad?'... God, the boy's fuckin' great!" she 
enthusiastically replied, a blazing horny glint in her eye. "I wonder how 
long he can keep this up.. he's almost got me there....mmmmm... oh, God, 
he's gonna make me cum.....  ooohhhhh, harder Eric, harder.. yeah, that's 
it....."
 
Ted could see the telltale signs of his sister's quickly building orgasm, 
signs he knew all to well. Ted could hear the sound of flesh slapping 
against flesh as the skinny boy fucked faster and harder into his own 
mother. He stopped his own thrusting for a moment, leaving his cock 
buried completely inside the velvety cunt of his young neice as both he 
and Kristy paused in their own sexual coupling and watched the incestuous 
sight. 
 
The young boy picked up the pace of his fucking, his ass moving quickly 
up and down as his cock pounded into his sexy mother. He could feel his 
mother's hands on his butt pulling him down harder with each plunge of 
his cock into the woman's hot sex, and her sheer wanton desire was 
driving him almost crazy with lust. This felt even better than fucking 
his own sister, even better than fucking Carrie. His head was floating 
away from his body, his hips a machine pumping his cock again and again 
into his mother's sopping pussy.
 
"Oh, God... oh, God, Eric, you're makin' me cum....ooooohhhhhh..."
 
Faster the boy moved over the moaning woman, his own heat driving him 
faster. He could feel the contraction in his balls signalling his own 
impending explosion of pleasure.
 
"UUUUUHHHHHH...." he heard himself loudly grunt as his cock plunged for a 
final time down hard against the hairy slit between his mother's thighs. 
Eric felt the woman's legs squeeze his ass as her hands pulled him 
tightly against her drooling cunt and he squirted powerfully into her. 
Each pulse of his cock brought another intense wave of pleasure rippling 
up from his loins and rolling through his body. Seven, eight times his 
cock spurted inside the woman, each time the wonderful sensations of his 
orgasm coming a little less.
 
Ted turned and looked down at his niece below him. She glanced up, too, 
they grinned at each other, sharing the enjoyment of the sight of such a 
young boy bringing such pleasure to an older woman; a woman who just 
happened to be his mother.
 
"Well," he teased Kristy, "I guess Eric's gonna be a busy little boy, 
what with two hot pussies in the house to satisfy..."
 
"...'cept when you're here," she replied with a smile, "you've just got 
my pussy to satisfy...now, fuck me good."
 
The older man quickly responded. He slipped his arms under her legs, 
placed his hands on the floor up near her shoulders, and leaned over 
Kristy with her legs drapped over his stiffened arms. The change in 
position tilted the girl's crotch up until his cock plunged almost 
straight down through the opening in the crotch of her sexy boxer shorts 
and into her. Ted picked up the pace of his fucking, his hips moving up 
and down like a piston and the front of his bare thighs slapping against 
the soft back of his niece's thighs.
 
"uuhhhhhhh....feels so good....." the girl grunted below him, her body 
jolted with each deliciously deep penetration of her uncle's cock into her.
 
The pungent odor of sex swirled around them as the family member's 
coupled so freely and openly together. Ted glanced down and watched his 
prick disappear completely through the opening in the girl's shorts, and 
the arousing sight of fucking a tight-pussied teenage girl who wore such 
a sexy outfit seemed to make his cock stiffen and expand even more. He 
could feel the walls of her cunt squeeze and cling to his shaft as it 
pumped in and out of her, his loins colliding forcefully with his niece's 
swollen cunt lips.
 
The man closed his eyes, his concentration fully on the powerful and 
pleasurable sensations building in his loins. Fucking young girls had 
always excited him so much more than women his own age, and knowing that 
his niece was so willing to spread her legs for him, the pleasure was 
indescribable. He pounded into her, lost in the rhythmic plunge of his 
stiffened rod into her warm, wet center. In and out he moved, the 
sensations building quickly in his balls until he felt he was almost 
ready to burst.
 
It had been five days since he'd last emptied his balls. His sex partner 
had been a skinny, flat-chested, thirteen-year-old girl he'd picked up at 
a shopping mall and taken back to his hotel room. She'd been an eager 
partner, horny and enthusiastic, quickly pealing her jeans and panties 
off as soon as they were inside the motel room. He'd cum inside her twice 
that night, first fucking her from behind as she knelt on the bed and he 
stood on the floor, then with her sitting and bouncing on his cock as he 
cradled her little skinny butt in his hands. 
 
But, since then five days worth of spunk had been building up in his 
balls and he felt it release all at once in a flood of thick, hot cream. 
Kristy felt her uncle's fucking slow as he took two final thrusts into 
her red-hot cunt, then press his loins against her sodden slit. 
 
The man grunted above her and Kristy could feel the momentary expansion 
of his shaft, then the explosion of hot, thick liquid jetting into her. 
She felt each pulse, each squirt, as the man's climax shot six, seven, 
eight times inside her. The teenage girl lifted her legs and wrapped them 
around her uncle's naked ass, holding him tightly against her loins, 
squeezing his thighs between her's. God, she loved it..she loved to 
fuck....the sensation of a cock filling her with it's thickness, pounding 
against her slit, the weight pressing down on her until the build up of 
pleasure finally exploded between her legs. She was so happy that she'd 
finally discovered sex...and so happy that her handsome uncle had been 
the one to each her.
 
THE END OF THE STORY

--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/stories.html

Be There.....