Copyright © 1998,     LiL N.     ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing LiLN@mrdouble.com.






LiL N - DADDY & HIS BROTHER & CUZ SUZIE

M/F, F/F, incest/pedo


We lived in a nice lil house off the main road, far  enough from the traffic
noise. Anyway, one month during the past summer my uncle and his daughter came
for a month stay - kinda' like a vacation. My uncle  Tommy is very sweet,
having raised his lil girl since 6 months old cause his wife ran off with some
guy. He and my daddy are very close, not only because of age but because my
mom ran off too. Me and my cousin Susie are very close. Susie is Uncle Tommy's
daughter.

Anyway I was sooo thrilled when they stayed with us.....me and Suzie stayed up
late in my room playing and talking so much! I was lonely, and with Suzie
there it was like having a sister! We're close in age and had similar likes
too. We were both 10 yrs old.

One night, I was in my room  playing with my dolls alone, and wondered where
Suzie was. I got up and walked outta my room looking for her. I walked down
the dimly lit hallway, and was just passing the guest bedroom when I heard
something. It was a voice. My daddy's voice.

"That's  right baby, suck him good."

I stood there, wondering what was going on in that bedroom. The door wasn't
completely shut, so I crept silently up to the door and peeked in. What I saw
made my mouth drop open!

There was Uncle Tommy, lying on his back his legs spread wide open. In between
his legs was my cousin Suzie. She had Uncle Tommy's cock in her mouth, and her
head was bobbing up and down. WAS THIS A BLOWJOB? I thought to myself. I have
heard of it but never saw it before!!

I glued my eye to the opening and watched as my cousin's head was bobbing up
and down. Then I saw my daddy! He came into view, and was completely naked! He
came up behind Suzie and touched her lil butt. He fondled her butt with one
hand and was gripping his cock with the other. Then he stepped closer to her,
raised her hips up till she was on her hands and knees. She was still sucking
her daddy's cock ( Uncle Tommy's).

Then I gasped. My daddy went up behind Suzie, spread her legs alil and stuck
himself into her!
He let out a groan and Suzie gasped, the sound being somewhat muffled by the
large cock in her mouth. I watched as my daddy started humnping into my 10 yr
old cousin. He was groaning in pleasure and Suzie kept making small noises
each time he pushed into her. He then really started humping her hard,
gripping her hips tightly, his fingers digging deep into her skin.

"Oh..am  cumming baby! Swallow daddy's cum!" Uncle Tommy said, and gripped her
head as he started to hump up into her mouth. I watched as his body trembled
and heard him groaning loudly. Suzie seemed to suck harder, and then was
swallowng. He pushed his hips up for the last time and kept it there as Suzie
swallowed. Then he collapsed down on the bed, closing his eyes and breathing
deeply.  My daddy was still humping into Suzie from behind. His humping got
faster and faster and then he pushed one last time, yelling loudly.

"Ooohh yeeaaahhh!! Take it! Take my cum up your sweet pussy!!!"

Then I watched as Suzie , still having her daddy's cock in her mouth, began to
tremble and let out a muffled scream. She collapsed on top of her daddy, and
he pulled her up onto him and wrapped his arms around her and kissed her. But
no ordinary kiss...the kind a girlfriend and boyfriend would share.
 My daddy pulled out of her, breathing deeply, and crawled onto the bed next
to them. He wiped his brow  and smiled to his brother.

"Oh man Tommy." he panted." Your lil girl has a tight pussy."

"That she does" said Uncle Tommy, still holding Suzie in his arms.

"Wish I could fuck my lil girl." Daddy said. I froze. I couldn't believe what
my daddy said.

"Well, why don't you ask her? She's watching us now." He said, pointing to the
bedroom door.

I watched as my own Daddy quickly got up from the bed and came to the door,
and opened it wider . I stood there, frozen, wide eyed  and surprized that I
was caught. BUSTED!

Daddy smiled at me, took me by the arm and dragged me into the room.

.......to be continued.......















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....

