Subject: Usherette 01 of 13 pedo, Mf, MMf, Ff, MMFf
Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Usherette  Chapter 1

     The sign on his desk read "Newton Simpson, Manager." Betsy Morrison's dark
brown eyes left the sign and went back to the handsome man behind the desk. The
dark, slender twelve-year-old felt a trembling tension in her tummy.    This
was the first time she'd ever tried to apply for a real job, no wonder she was
excited.

     Newton Simpson looked up from the application that Betsy had just filled
out. He was handsome, a little plump, and too well fed. But his black hair was
full and neatly combed and he wore a loud but expensive sports coat. In short,
he looked just like what he was, a successful manager of a large motion picture
theater.

     "It says here that you're sixteen, is that right, Betsy?"  The little girl
tried to smile and look casual under the man's knowing stare.

     "Yes . . . sixteen," Betsy lied.

     Mr. Simpson nodded and raised one eyebrow.

     Betsy could see that he knew she wasn't telling the truth but the twinkle
in his eye told her that he wasn't going to press the issue.

     "You understand that your work here would keep you out late? Does your
family know that you wouldn't be getting home until after midnight?"

     A flicker of a frown crossed the pretty little girl's face before she
nodded. "There's just my mother and she says that it will be all right, at
least during the summer," Betsy said in a low voice.    The pretty girl thought
of her mother.  Poor Julia, it was terrible for her, widowed only a few months
and finding that the money from daddy's insurance didn't stretch as far as she
thought that it would.  They needed the money and her mother would just have to
get used to the idea of her getting home at midnight.

     "All right," Newton Simpson murmured as he pretended to study her
application, but Betsy knew that he was really looking up her long, hairless
legs and under her short skirt. The pretty brunette felt a warning ripple run
along her spine when she realized what the man was doing and she wished she'd
worn the longer skirt than she had.

     It was embarrassing and upsetting, but for the past half year she noticed
that men and bigger boys had started to stare at her and Betsy wasn't certain
how she should take it. On one hand, she knew that it was dirty and wrong, but
even so she found it sort of exciting and it made her feel good to know that
they were looking at her budding body.

     "I'm not all that sure that you would be willing to work the extra hours
that it requires," Newton Simpson said, watching Betsy closely.

     The pretty preteen girl jerked upright in her chair. She had to get this
job, it was important!

     Before she could speak, the theater manager went on, his eyes never
leaving her as he did: "Of course there are . . . opportuni- ties for an . . .
eager young lady, such as yourself, to make a good deal of money here at the
Majestic, but it does take work and long hours."

     "Oh, I'd work hard, Mr. Simpson, it's really important that I get the job.
My mother and I need the extra money!" There was another reason that Betsy was
desperate to be hired. She had been talking to some friends and had bragged
that she already had the job. What could the girl say if she didn't?

     Seemingly satisfied, Newton Simpson smiled at Betsy and leaned back in his
chair. "Come here, honey," the man said in a quiet voice.       "I want to take
a look at you."

     Betsy was forced to spread her thighs as she uncrossed her long, coltish
legs and it made the pretty little girl blush when she realized that he could
see all the way to her panties when she did.

     "We wear a rather . . . revealing costume here," Mr. Simpson purred to
her.    Betsy felt herself flush again as she nodded. She'd seen that uniform
every time that she came to a movie. "Please go into the other room and see if
we have a uniform that fits you."

     The manager pointed to a door behind his desk. Pleased that he was still
interested in her for the job, Betsy scurried to the door and up to a rack of
freshly cleaned usherette costumes.

     Without a moment's thought or hesitation, the slender girl unbuttoned her
blouse and pulled it off. The pretty brunette stared at the uniform tops and
shook her head as she looked down at her own, cupcake-sized breasts. She had
more than any of the other twelve-year-olds that she knew, but she would have
to do something to fill any of these uniforms out.

     Still concerned about her lack of the large, creamy breasts that she
wished she had, the young girl unsnapped her skimpy skirt and let it drop to
her feet. All that Betsy wore was a filmy pair of blue panties and she shivered
as the cooler air of the room bathed her slim figure from head to toe. The girl
was so intent on finding a uniform small enough for her that she didn't stop to
think where that draft came from. She didn't notice the door behind her quietly
swing open to allow Mr. Simpson to step in and sit in the large chair in the
center of the room.

     At last, Betsy found one uniform that looked small enough and, taking it
from the rack, she turned, planning to try it on.

     "Ohhh! I . . . I didn't know that you would be here, Mr. Simpson!" She was
so embarrassed! The slim little girl clutched the plastic shrouded uniform in
her hands and tried to hide her naked body from the man's glistening eyes. "I .
. . I'm not . . . dressed yet!"

     Mr. Simpson nodded, only the faintest hint of a smile flickered at the
corners of his lips. He made no move to leave. All he did was sit there and
stare at Betsy until the trembling girl was sure that he could see through the
small uniform that she was holding in front of her.

     "Betsy," Mr. Simpson said as he crooked his finger and motioned for her to
come to him.

     The surprised girl began to inch toward him, but she was still terribly
uncertain.

     "Come here, honey," the man said.  This time, his voice was stronger, more
commanding. "Let's get something straight between us. I know that you're not
old enough for this job and I know that you want it pretty bad."

     Betsy nodded, her wide dark eyes never left Mr. Simpson's face as she
obeyed him and came a few feet closer.

     "Am I right? You aren't old enough, are you really?"

     For a second, Betsy was tempted to bluff her way, but then her courage
failed and she hung her head and shrugged helplessly.

     "Do you really need this job? |--(`I` IS NOT USUALLY FOLLOWED BY
`MEAN`.)--| I mean do you need this job bad enough to . . . be nice to me and
do what you're told?"

     The poor little girl was stunned!  Betsy looked at the theater owner with
bulging eyes. He hadn't said it in so many words, but the girl knew what he was
asking! Simpson smiled and nodded. "That's right, I'm asking if you want this
badly enough to have a little fun with me from time to time." The handsome man
shifted in his chair and instantly Betsy knew why. The shocked pre-teener could
see the front of his pants pushing out as his penis grew erect and hard!!

     Betsy flushed and made a small sound deep in her throat as she stared at
Mr. Simpson.    She knew what a hard prick looked like. She had a friend,
Dickie Webber, and they had been playing . . . games in her garage for over a
year. They had not done much, and nothing that they'd done in their fumbling,
groping, and touching made her ready to handle the situation she was faced with
now!

"I . . . we need the money," the little girl whispered as she stared at the
man. Besides that, Betsy could imagine the scornful looks on her friends' faces
when she had to confess that she didn't have the job and the picture made her
feel just awful!        "But I . .

     Betsy saw the excitement rising in Mr. Simpson's face and she was
surprised to feel a strong, pounding sensation in her own untried body.

     "No, I didn't think you had," Newton Simpson breathed as he stared
greedily at the lovely, slender girl before him. "If you do go to work for me
this summer you could work at night and on two mornings a week we have meetings
of the Film Classics Club. If you worked those mornings that would mean even
more money for you and then, if you work out all right, there are . . . other
ways for you to make money.     A lot of it."

     The handsome man's face was even and calm as he asked again, "Do you want
the job, little girl? I think that your mother would like all that extra money.
I'm sure she would."

     Betsy began to tremble. She was so upset that she didn't know what to say.

     Mr. Simpson solved the problem for the startled child, he leaned forward
and calmly took the uniform out of Betsy's nerveless fingers and then motioned
for her to come to him.

     The shocked little girl stood before the man dressed only in a tight,
nearly transparent pair of panties. Betsy shuddered.    She was so aware of his
stare that she could feel his eyes creeping up her slender thighs and over the
plump, hairless folds of her virgin sex.

     Betsy wasn't certain how it happened. She felt herself moving and looked
down in amazement as her bare thighs carried her forward far enough for Mr.
Simpson to take her hand and pull. The trembling little girl was so close that
their knees touched and she had a clear view of the straining bulge in his
slacks.

     "Don't be afraid," the handsome man said in a soft voice. "You and I can
have a lot of fun together. I can show you things that you never knew about
before." His fingers tightened around her wrist as he stared at her near naked
body.   Betsy was shiver- ing. It was caused by the excitement and the
delicious feeling of fear and anticipation that raced along her nerves. The man
had positioned her far back on his lap. The nervous little girl's back was
pressed against his chest and, what was shocking, she could feel his
stiffening, bulging sexual member pressing up against the thin seat of her
panties!

     "Mr. Simpson? I . . . I don't think . . ." Betsy didn't have a chance to
finish her meek protest. The handsome man hugged her close and began to whisper
in her ear.     Each word that Newton spoke to Betsy calmed and settled the
nervous little girl.

     "Shhhh, Betsy. There's nothing to be afraid of! I won't hurt you. All I
want to do is make you feel good." The nearly naked pre-teener shivered, but
didn't try to struggle, even when the man's warm hands moved to her bare
shoulders, then down. He used a slow, circular movement and with each circle
that his hands made over her flesh they dropped lower.

     "Haven't you ever let some nice boy do this for you?" the man asked.His
voice was deep and husky. "You're such a pretty little thing.   Hasn't someone
ever put their hands here and squeezed you?"

     Betsy gasped and stiffened. Mr. Simpson's warm, soft palms were completely
covering the firm little melons of her budding breasts and their pressure felt
SO nice!

     "Tell me, honey," the man persisted. "Haven't you taken your clothes off
for some other man or some kid and let them have you?"

     Betsy wiggled uncomfortably, she didn't want to tell the man about Dickie.
Besides, he didn't really count. "No, I never did this before." It wasn't
really a lie. She'd never sat on a man's lap while he kissed her slender neck
and gently squeezed and played with her small breasts like this before!

     "I'm glad that I'm the first," Newton sighed. As the man spoke, one of his
warm hands dropped away from Betsy's hard little breast and began to creep down
over her flat belly. The man used one hand, moving from one sharp nipple to the
other. Each time that he pinched and gently pulled at one, Betsy would sigh and
wiggle a little against his bone hard erection.

     "I can show you some ways to make you feel good, honey. I can show you
some tricks that you won't believe!" He sounded excited, too.

     Betsy made a soft moaning sound when his fingers reached the elastic
waistband of her panties and dipped underneath.

     "Do you play with yourself, sometimes? Do you put your fingers in your
tight little pussy, baby?"

     Betsy felt herself blushing furiously. She wiggled uncomfort- ably as she
nodded. "Yes," the pretty little brunette whispered. "Last year a girl in my
class showed me how to do it. My mother says that it's not a nice thing to do .
. . but I still do it, sometimes."

     Mr. Simpson chuckled, his fingers were slowly working down over the silky
flesh of her belly. The slender twelve-year-old knew where they were headed and
the thought made the plump lips of her hairless little slot feel all puffy and
hot.

     "All mothers tell their children that playing with themselves is wrong,
but it isn't. All playing with yourself does is make you feel good, right?"

     Betsy would have answered him, but at that very instant his forefinger
found the smooth swell of her immature pussy and forced its way between the
lips. "Ummmmm, you're getting wet," Newton murmured, pinching one of Betsy's
pebble-hard nipples. "You like this, don't you?"

     The trembling little girl didn't know what to say. Betsy knew that what
she was letting the man do wasn't nice, but she and her mother did need the
money, and it did feel good! "Yes, it's nice," Betsy whispered and she was
rewarded when the man's finger began to twirl and press against the tight mouth
of her tight little cunt, sending hot, blazing jolts of pleasure radiating out
through her suddenly overheated body!

     Betsy gasped and wiggled.  She felt Mr. Simpson's hard-on rubbing against
her and boldly pressed her firm, high-riding buttocks against it, making the
handsome man groan with pleasure.

     "Have you ever seen a man's cock? Have you ever been close to one when
it's hard and held it in your hands?" Mr. Simpson's breath tickled her ear and
sent chills of pleasure racing up and down Betsy's spine. "I want you to hold
my prick, Betsy! Will you do that for me?"

     Before she could even think of what to say, the shocked little girl heard
her voice rising. "Yes! I mean . . . I guess . . . If you promise not to hurt
me."

     "Oh, no! I don't want to hurt you, honey," the eager manager whispered as
he lifted the surprised twelve-year-old off his lap and stood her on her
unsteady feet. "You're going to like this! Now let's get these off first."
Betsy's hands shook as she helped the man pull her tight panties off and slip
them down over her slender thighs.

     Looking down, the little girl was surprised and a bit embarrassed when she
saw the wet spot on her crotch piece and realized that her tight little cunt
was sending down a warm coating of lubricant.

     Mr. Simpson had left his jacket in his office. The man leaned back in his
chair and smiled boldly at the shocked twelve-year-old as he calmly unbuckled
his belt and unzipped the front of his slacks.

     Without hesitation, the lovely little girl pressed closer and watched as
the theater manager popped the snaps on his shorts and pulled his stiff, hard
penis into view! A small sighing sound oozed out of her throat as Betsy stared
intently at Mr. Simpson's big dong straining in his fist.

     "Oh, my! I thought that Dickie's hard penis was big," the excited little
girl thought, "but Mr. Simpson's is three times as large!!" A tingling, itching
sensation flickered to life deep in the untouched depths of Betsy's virgin love
sheath. She knew how babies were made and what men and women did together in
bed. The idea that the man would want to put that big, swollen-looking penis
inside of her frightened Betsy, but it was an exciting, bubbly kind of fright
and she didn't back off.

     "I know it's wrong," the girl told herself, "but we need the money and I
want the job!" She was hiding part of the truth from herself. Betsy knew it,
but she was having such an exciting time that she didn't want to think about
any of that now!

     Mr. Simpson had pushed his shorts and slacks down past his knees and he
sat half naked in his chair, smiling at her while he pumped his hand up and
down his big, scary pole. Betsy trembled as her dark eyes moved from the round,
hair orbs of the man's heavy balls, up the white shaft to the red, almost
purple knob of his glans.

     "Don't be afraid of it," Mr. Simpson coaxed. "Just touch it, that's all
you have to do. Touch it. Take it in your hand!"

     The little girl could hear the sound of the handsome man's quick breathing
and knew that he was excited. Somehow, knowing that gave her the nerve that she
needed to reach out and brush the tips of her fingers against his vein-wreathed
shaft.

     Slipping an arm around the naked twelve-year-old's waist, the excited man
lifted Betsy easily and put him back on his lap. Betsy felt funny and kind of
embarrassed when she felt the naked cheeks of her bottom rubbing against Mr.
Simpson's hairy legs. The man was guiding her hand to his hard pole and she
leaned back in the crook of his other arm as he taught her how to curl her slim
fingers around him and squeeze hard on his thick penis!!

     "Ooohhh, that feels good," Newton Simpson whispered in Betsy's ear.

     Betsy sat on one of Mr. Simpson's thighs. He had spread his legs a little
and pulled her back so that it was easy for the interested pre-teener to work
her fist up and down him. Her hooked thumb brushed against his naked thigh
while he taught her how to masturbate him.

     "Just like that, up and down, honey. Squeeze it a little tighter, umm
hummmm, perfect!" The handsome man groaned as Betsy increased the pace and made
her fist pop up and down in his lap.

     "There now, that isn't so bad, is it? You like to play with my cock, don't
you?" While he spoke, Newton's hand slipped back between Betsy's warm thighs
and gently pressed them apart.

     A warm, delicious feeling caused Betsy to tear her eyes away from the
man's big cock. The naked little girl watched as a thick, hairy forefinger
parted the bald lips of her vulva and dipped into the clear, glistening
moisture that was seeping out of her. Betsy could see the small, firm nubbin of
her baby clitoris and shuddered with excitement and pleasure as the fingertip
pressed hard against it.

     Dickie had touched her there and it had been good, but never this good!
Betsy's firm little ass wiggled and she pumped even harder at Mr. Simpson's big
cock as he aroused her! It only took a minute or perhaps two for the excited
man's probing finger to strike a flame in the pretty child's belly. The flame
burned away any last shreds of doubt and resistance.

     "Ohhhh! That's nice," Betsy breathed softly. Mr. Simpson's hand left her
hard, swollen little breasts and pressed against the edge of her chin, turning
her pretty face so that he could kiss her!

     At first, the naked little girl didn't know what to do when she felt his
wet, slippery tongue pressing between her soft lips. Then, the man's finger
began a rapid twirling movement in her tight little pussy. Betsy gasped and
when her jaw opened, Mr. Simpson's tongue pushed its way into her mouth and
began to flick at the pointed tip of her own pink little probe.

     The naked twelve-year-old shuddered. Mr. Simpson's tongue made her feel
all funny and shaky as it slid in and out of her mouth. Some inborn instinct
guided her and Betsy was glad because it was even nicer when her pink lips
tightened around the tongue and she learned to suck on it!!

     Mr. Simpson made a groaning sound, and his cock jerked and swelled even
larger in her fist. Betsy felt something warm and slippery dripping down on her
fingers.        The girl knew what it was. Dickie's skinny prick got wet when
she played with it, too. Drops of clear juice would leak out of the slit on top
of his cock, but never so much! The excited little girl moaned and Mr.
Simpson's finger fluttered back and forth over the hard stub of her clit as her
thumb lifted and rubbed hard against the cock's meaty glans.

     "Damn, but you learn fast," Mr. Simpson groaned happily.

     Betsy giggled but didn't miss a stroke as her small hand flew up and down
his jerking pole of flesh.      The rapid pumping motion that she was using
caused warm drops of the man's love lubricant to splash on her naked thighs.
Betsy liked the feel of it on her and enjoyed seeing it glitter on her milk
white flesh.

     Mr. Simpson's finger had found the tight neck of her vagina and it was
slowly forcing its way into her. Betsy groaned as her tight, wet opening was
stretched but she made no effort to pull away because the man's thumb was
lightly strumming against the burning clitoris all the while that his twisting
finger advanced.

     "God! You are a virgin! I didn't think that there were any left!!"

     Betsy felt her cheeks burn as she blushed. The naked child hid her
embarrassment by forcing her tired little hand and arm to jerk faster and
faster on his slippery prick.

     "I'll make it nice," Mr. Simpson groaned in her ear.

     Betsy sighed and began to roll her slim hips as the fingers that moved in
her hairless pussy made her feel better and better!

     "I'll make you feel so good that you'll scream for more!"

     The man's wet tongue worked in and out of her ear, down the nape of her
neck and across her shoulder. Betsy shook. Her small mouth opened and she
moaned with pleasure. The girl's dark eyes popped open in surprise and before
she actually knew what was happening inside of her slim body, her climax
exploded in a starburst of pleasure!!!

     "Annnnggghhh!!" The naked child moaned and shuddered as her hot, hairless
slit sucked and pulled around Mr. Simpson's twirling, pressing finger.
"Aaaaiiiieeee!! Ohhh, Mr. Simpson . . . aaaaiiiieeee!!!"

     Betsy's thighs stiffened, her belly fluttered, and her head repeatedly
banged against Mr. Simpson's shoulder while the handsome man's knowing finger
made her slim, beautiful body dance and jerk.

     "Go faster . . . aggghhh!! You're going to make me cum, little honey," the
handsome man theater manager snorted in her ear.

     Betsy's arm ached but the jolting flashes of joy that were still exploding
between her splayed thighs gave her fresh energy and the pretty little girl
worked as hard as she could to finish the job that she started.

     "Annnnuuuugggghhh!!" His fat cock jumped. Betsy was watching with fevered
interest when the swollen slit in the glans opened and a long, white jet of hot
cum shot in the air and then came splattering down on her naked thighs and
belly. "Oggghhhh . . . haaaggghhh!!"

     The tired little brunette lay slumped against Mr. Simpson's shoulder. She
was so exhausted that Betsy hardly took notice as the man used the fingers of
both of his hands to spread his cooling cum all over her smooth, naked little
body.

     "You're going to work out just fine, Betsy," the man whispered and kissed
her cheek. "I'm going to make sure that you earn a lot of money for your mommy
and have a lot of fun doing it."

     Small warning bells rang in the girl's mind but she ignored them as she
watched with growing interest while he painted the still sharp tips of her
little nipples with a thick coat of his sticky semen.

The End of part 1, continuing in part 2...




From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:17:10 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Usherette 02 of 13
Message-ID: <6187cc$10262e.3b9@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 21:38:46 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 474
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!news.drenet.dnd.ca!crc-news.doc.ca!nott!torn!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in1.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


Usherette  Chapter 2

     Her first night at work. It was so exciting! Betsy caught sight of her
reflection in one of the glass lobby doors and paused to admire it. She was
proud of herself. Her deep blue costume top clung tight and instead of hanging
loose from her bust the way she thought it would, it seemed to push her firm
little tits higher and made them look larger than they were. The pretty little
brunette liked the way that her short red skirt hugged her waist then fit over
the curve of her developing hips and saucy buttocks. There was a tight fitting
pair of matching red panties just peeking out from under the skirt and Betsy
had thought the whole effect was wonderful.

     The slender little usherette looked away from the glass and saw the
snack-bar manager, Mrs. Borden, looking at her. Betsy flushed guiltily and
remembered that she was supposed to be working. Taking a firm grip on her
flashlight, the little girl peeked one more time at her reflection and admired
the way that her daring uniform made her legs look even longer than they were.

     The door to aisle C closed soundlessly behind her as Betsy stepped into
the darkened auditorium. All she had to do was watch for smokers, keep little
children from running up and down the aisles and help the other two ushers when
she was asked to. Mr. Simpson said it was the job he gave to all the new girls.

     Mr. Simpson! Betsy was glad that no one could see her in the dark because
she could feel her cheeks burning when she thought about him. A funny, warm
sensation began between her legs every time that Betsy thought about the things
that Mr. Simpson did to her. She knew it was wrong for her to let the man touch
her and teach her those things, but it did make her feel good, just the way
that he promised. Besides, it made Betsy feel grown up and daring just to know
that a grown up man was interested in her like that!

     Betsy passed down the aisle feeling important when some kids that she knew
saw her and whispered excitedly among themselves. The pretty little girl passed
between the first row and the screen and then walked up aisle D.

     "What is your name again, dear? I'm sorry but I was so busy earlier that I
don't think I caught it."

     Betsy was startled, she'd stopped by the candy counter and since the good
looking blonde clerk hadn't spoken to her all evening, she hadn't expected her
to do so now.

     "It's Betsy Morrison, ma'am," the pretty little brunette said quickly.

     Mrs. Borden smiled at her and tossed her blonde hair with a shake of the
head. The motion also made the older woman's large, creamy looking breasts
jiggle under her tight fitting uniform top.

     "Ohhh, don't be so formal, Betsy. You can call me Grace, I work here just
like you."

     Betsy smiled shyly and nodded her head, she was impressed by how pretty
and self assured Grace was.     She was also painfully aware of how well built
the blonde was and wondered if she was ever going to grow up and look half as
nice as that.

     Grace reached across the counter and gently brushed Betsy's long dark hair
back from her shoulder, letting the tips of her fingers touch the girl's neck
as she did. "You look so cute in your costume, Betsy. It's very becoming."

     The blonde's green eyes moved down over her slim body and without knowing
why, the pretty little girl felt nervous. Grace smiled again as she pointed up
the stairs behind Betsy. "It's almost intermission. You'd better go up and
check the ladies lounge and make sure that everything is all right."

     Betsy scurried up the stairs and put her uneasy thoughts about Grace out
of her mind.    When she checked the restroom and returned, Betsy heard the
film end and she helped the other usherette open the doors.

     "How's it going?"

     The other girl's name was Kathy. She was older than Betsy, about
seventeen.

     "It's always confusing on the first night, you'll get used to it." Kathy
grinned, she had blue eyes and dark, auburn hair. "Well, I've got to go and
help Grace behind the counter, see you."

     Betsy watched Kathy hurry away and was impressed by the other girl's
shapely legs and the sexy way that her round, firm bottom swayed when she
walked. The little brunette looked down at her own slim legs and despaired of
their ever filling out.

     The evening flew by. Everything was so new and so exciting that Betsy
hardly noticed. Twice she'd had to flash her light on customers and ask them to
stop smoking and she was surprised to note that it gave her a sense of power
that she'd never had before.

     The pretty girl stopped just inside the doors and looked around the
auditorium.     This was the second showing and there weren't so many patrons.
Betsy only glanced up at the screen from time to time. The movie was filled
with gunshots and squealing tires and she didn't care for it much.

     She wasn't sure if it was a movement or a sound that caught her attention,
but something drew her to the seats just to her right.  The only people in the
last three rows were a couple and they were pressing against her and from the
way that their heads were moving Betsy could tell that they were kissing.

     The slim little usherette stifled a giggle and craned her neck so that she
could see better. Mr. Simpson had told her not to say anything to neckers
unless they got out of hand or that people around them complained. Betsy saw
the man's arm move away from the lady's shoulder and dropped out of sight, in a
few seconds the lady stiffened and then began to kiss him even harder than
before!

     It wasn't so funny now. Betsy felt a small trickle of excitement run down
the full length of her spine. Deep inside of her belly the little girl felt her
tight vagina twist and the muscles around it pull. She'd seen other people
kissing and messing around before and wondered why this would excite her so
much.

     Moving carefully and slowly, Betsy inched forward so that she could see
down the aisle and see what the man was doing to make the lady sigh and wiggle
so. The scene on the screen was being done in daylight and it cast a glowing
silver light around the theater, enough light for the shocked little girl to
get her wish!

     The man had pulled the lady's skirt up over her tummy and was working his
hand between her parted thighs. The lips of Betsy's own little pussy grew hot
and moist when she watched the woman jerk and then shake her hips like that.
Wicked, naughty memories of Mr. Simpson teased and nipped at Betsy and before
she knew it, the little girl was excited.

     The lady moved a little and Betsy was faintly shocked when she saw that
her blouse was unbuttoned and her bare breasts were gleaming in the silver
light. Just then, Betsy saw a flash of something white in the man's lap and
once she concentrated on it, she could make out what it was. The lady had his
big, hard prick in her hand and she was playing with it!!!

     Betsy shivered and remembered how exciting it was to run her fingers up
and down the length of Mr. Simpson's big old thing and she wondered if that
other man's cock felt any different?

     The couple kept their heads together, kissing and whispering while they
masturbated each other. Betsy was so excited that her knees were shaking as she
pressed close against the arm of a seat and openly stared at them. The little
girl found that by bending her knees a little, she could force the smooth
wooden armrest against her burning little mound and then by flexing her thighs
she could make it rub against her there.

     As she stood in the darkness, rubbing her moist little groove against the
armrest, the lady in the seat began to moan softly. Most of the sounds she made
were drowned out by the film's sound track, but Betsy was certain that she
could hear moans, squeals, and gasps as the lady stiffened in the seat and
began to shake as the man's hand flashed between her spread and shaking thighs.
She was cumming! Betsy was shocked to see it happen in public like this and the
fact that it was made it even more thrilling to her!

     The woman's hand was still working up and down on the man's white tube of
a cock and when he groaned and pulled her close to him, Betsy knew that he was
going to shoot his cum! The pretty little girl sighed softly to herself and
rubbed harder against the seat as she watched the two struggle for a moment.
Betsy saw the lady shake her head and try to pull back but the man was stronger
and in just seconds he'd managed to grip her by the nape of the neck and push
her head down in his lap. She was forced to slide out of her seat and kneel on
the floor to keep from breaking her neck!

     For an instant, Betsy was puzzled, but then she saw the woman's head begin
to bob up and down and she understood! The pretty little girl felt an awful
surging sensation in her belly when she realized that the woman had the man's
thick cock in her mouth.        She was going to suck all that messy goo when
it shot out of him!!!

     She'd heard about women doing that for men. She'd seen the name scrawled
on walls but somehow Betsy never really believed that it happened! In spite of
the revulsion she felt, the little brunette's excitement didn't die away.It
even grew stronger!! Betsy's legs were shaking as she rolled her hips harder
and strained to see every obscene detail of what was happening. She could see
the lady's pretty face in profile and watched as her ovaled lips slid up and
down on the man's erect cock. In the dim light, she could see the prick glisten
wetly as the lady nursed on it. The pretty little girl's heart was hammering in
her chest and she was so close to her own climax that she didn't see the door
open or hear the footsteps behind her, until it was way too late!!

     The man on the seat was groaning, his head fell back against the padded
seat and he began to make frantic thrusts. He had one hand on top of the lady's
head and held it down while he came. Betsy gasped and shook when she imagined
all that white mess shooting in her own mouth and was about to have her own
little orgasm when a voice breathed in her ear.

     "You shouldn't be playing around watching other people," the voice said
quietly. "You're just lucky that I'm the one who caught you or you'd be fired
before you even got started."

     The shocked little usherette whirled away from the wooden armrest. Her
slender body was shrieking with protest and demanding that last few hard
thrusts that it would take her to climax. Before her, the humiliated little
girl saw the head usher, a tall, handsome boy named Rick. The look she saw in
his snapping eyes sent a charge of excitement and fear through her.

     Rick paused and took a long look over Betsy's shoulder, then, grinning, he
took hold of her arm and, pushing her ahead of him, started hurrying down the
aisle toward the door that led backstage.

     The minute the door shut behind them, Rick began to laugh. He still held
her by the arm as he led Betsy behind the tall screen and to a small alcove by
the back wall.

     It was all so frightening and confusing! Betsy looked around her and
shivered. The sound from the film was far away, the speakers were pointed in
another direction, but the little girl could see the gigantic reverse images on
the screen before them. Betsy stared in shock at what looked like a gigantic
moving pillar before she realized that the image she saw, the image that was
taller than she was, was a close up of a man's finger dialing a phone!! She
didn't know why the head usher had brought her back here and she was worried
beyond words!

     Rick stood by the wall and was talking into a phone extension that hung
there. Betsy stood very still where he left her and looked around.      The
back wall jogged for some reason and formed a small semi-room. The surprised
little girl saw a table, a couple of chairs and a cot covered with a bedspread
in the space.

     Rick hung up the phone and flopped down on the cot. He was smiling at her
as he motioned for her to come to him. "Hey, kid! Come over here and sit. I
want to have a little talk to you."

     Betsy didn't want to go over there. Something about the way that Rick
looked at her frightened Betsy, but the thought of getting fired on her first
night on the job was even more frighten- ing, so she obeyed.

     Hesitantly, Betsy moved toward the slim head usher. He was so handsome and
looked so good in his form-fitting uniform that Betsy felt awkward and awed.The
ir fingers touched and the pretty little twelve-year-old shuddered. That funny,
wiggling feeling flared back to life between her legs.

     Pulling her down on the cot beside him, the handsome young man grinned at
Betsy. "Was that the first time that you ever saw some chick giving a guy a
blow job?"

     Betsy was so embarrassed and shocked by Rick's blunt question that she had
to hide her face in her hands.

     Rick chuckled and Betsy was so shaken that she didn't react when he
slipped his arm around her shoulders. "A pretty little chick like you shouldn't
have to rub her cunt against a seat just to get off," Rick whispered. "At least
not when there's someone like me around to take care of you."

     He didn't give Betsy a chance to protest. Rick knew exactly what to do and
he did it with such ease that Betsy didn't know what was happening to her until
she found herself lying flat on her back with the good looking head usher
bending over her.

     He kissed her and this time, when she felt the pressure of his tongue, the
trembling little girl knew what was expected of her. She opened her mouth and
let his muscular, slippery tongue slip past her lips and search for her own. At
the same time, the older boy's hands were moving over Betsy's hips and down her
smooth, hairless thighs.

     She was so surprised that she couldn't resist him. Rick's knowing hands
drifted down over her bare thighs and each splayed finger left a glowing path
of excitement on her flesh.

     Their tongues were flicking and lashing against each other and with each
passing second, the inexperienced little girl became hotter and more eager.Shyl
y, Betsy's arms lifted and wrapped around Rick's neck. She used her hold to
lift herself off the bed and press her glowing body against his while he
caressed her thighs and gently pushed them apart.

     Betsy shuddered when she felt the boy's hand pressing against the
silk-soft flesh of her inner thighs and she lifted herself again, using her
splayed feet to press herself against his muscular body.

     When the kiss ended, Rick sat up but he kept one hand between the gasping
little brunette's legs as he used the other to unbutton his tight tunic. Betsy
couldn't believe what was happening to her! The lovely girl shook and shivered
as the older boy's hand moved up her bare flesh until the backs of his knuckles
were pressing firmly against the swollen outline of her hairless little cunt!

     "Please," Betsy whispered faintly. "I...I'm only twelve...you
can't...ohhhhh!!" Rick had ignored her and forced the elastic of her uniform
panties and her own tight briefs aside and had pressed two fingers in against
the velvet soft flesh of her vulva!

     "Don't kid me," the handsome head usher panted as he pulled his hand away
long enough to slide the sleeve of his tunic down over it and then sent his
extended fingers back under her clothing again. "I know Newt Simpson better
than anyone around here and I can promise you that he doesn't hire any chicks
around here that don't put out up front!!"

     Betsy wanted to protest again, but the fingers had found the puffy
separation of her wet little pussy lips and she gasped as they plunged in and
found the stiff bud of her clitoris.

     "Agggghhh...Oooooo, he...he didn't do it to me," the trembling little girl
moaned as she shook her head from side to side. "I'm a virgin. He didn't make
me let him put it in!!" Betsy's slim body was jerking and rolling, Rick's
expert fingers were twisting and twirling in her plump little mound sending
rocket bursts of pleasure up her spine each time that her rigid love bud was
mashed or brushed!!

     Then one of Rick's fingers began to press against the mouth of Betsy's
little pussy and the girl moaned with pain and fear. "Unnnggghhh...you're
hurting me! Owwww!" The lovely little girl was so busy trying to roll her
stinging cunt away from the older boy's finger that she didn't see his free
hand as it jerked his fly open and pull his long, skinny erection into view.

     The blunt tip of the boy's finger found the taut membrane that told of the
groaning little girl's virginity and Rick snorted in surprise. "Christ! You
were telling me the truth." His other finger was still massaging the swollen
tip of Betsy's little clitoris and the mixture of pain and pleasure that she
felt was mind bending!

     "What did you do for him, honey? I know Simpson, he didn't let you out of
that office before you made him cum. What did you have to do to make him shoot
his load for you?"

     Betsy opened her mouth, but, instead of words, all that came out was a
long drawn out grunt of pleasure!! The lovely little girl's dark eyes popped
open and she stared with sightless amazement at the grinning boy as he finger
fucked her into squealing, jerking orgasm!!!

     "Awwwwuuuugggghhh!! Oh,...I...huuuunnnnggg!!!" Betsy couldn't breathe. She
gasped and bucked wildly as she fought to fill her aching lungs with air, but
each time, another heavy jolt of pleasure would smash through her and take her
breath with it!!

     "Tell me about it, honey," Rick demanded as he continued to work his
finger in her. "Tell me what you did for Simpson!!"

     Betsy moaned, her hands crept down and gripped Rick at the wrist, pressing
his hand against her squirming bottom.

     "What did you do?"

     "Oooooo," Betsy moaned as the intense pleasure sensations began to fade
and she could breathe again. "I...used my hand!" The shaken child formed a
circle with her thumb and forefinger and made an obscene shaking motion to show
the handsome usher what she'd done.

     Rick shrugged and pulled the trembling child to a sitting position beside
him. "I'll settle for that, kid. A hand job for starters, anyway." For the
first time, Betsy saw that the older boy had his pants open and she stared in
dull surprise at his cock as it jerked and twitched in front of her.

     The waves of her orgasm were still rippling and washing inside of her and
Betsy didn't hesitate for a moment. The little girl wrapped her fingers around
the warm, pulsating shaft of the head usher's long, scary cock.

     Rick sighed happily as Betsy began to masturbate him. The handsome usher
leaned back so that the blushing little girl's hand had a free stroke up and
down the long steel length of his erect cock.

     Betsy stared at Rick's big dong and shivered. She liked the feel of Rick's
warm flesh against hers and enjoyed the pleased groans and sighing sounds that
he made as she jacked him off. The pretty little girl was surprised because she
didn't feel any guilt. In fact, playing with Rick's long hardon made Betsy feel
excited and happy.

     "That's nice, little girl," Rick sighed as he hugged Betsy closer and
watched her masturbate him.

     The handsome head usher's hands moved under her rocking arm and in a few
moments Betsy was surprised and a little shocked to feel her uniform top
slacken and fall away from her heated body. It was apparent that Rick knew
exactly where the snaps and the zipper were. Betsy realized that Rick had
undressed a lot of usherettes before! For a moment, the surprised little
brunette paused and wondered if she shouldn't try to get away from Rick. But
then the handsome older boy slipped one of his hands under her loosened top and
the feel of his warm fingers as they closed around the firm mound of her
budding breast was so nice that the idea was turned to steam by the pleasure.

     Betsy moaned and shuddered when the boy's fingers found her pointed little
nipples and pinched and twisted at them. The pretty child's fingers tightened
around Rick's throbbing cock and she increased the speed of her stroke until
her hand was only a white blur in the dim backstage light.

     Rick grunted and squeezed harder at the small globe of her forming breast.
His voice sounded thick and slurred when he spoke to Betsy. "Agggghhh, keep it
up, kid!" Rick stiffened and, for an exciting moment, Betsy thought that he was
going to cum. The excited little girl felt a hot, burning itch deep in the
tight sleeve of her untried vagina as she stared at the swollen, purplish head
of the head usher's cock. "Remember that lady in the last row? Have you ever
done that?      Have you ever sucked a nice hard prick?"

     Betsy groaned, her eyes bulged in her head, and when she thought about
letting the fat glans that she was staring at in her moist little mouth, her
stomach spun and shook with disgust and excitement!!

     "What's the matter, don't you want to talk about it? I saw you, honey. You
were wearing out that armrest with your hot pussy when you saw that other cunt
gobble that guy's cock and drink his cum!!"

     "Oooooo, don't talk about that," the pretty little girl pleaded. "It makes
me feel...sick."

     Rick laughed and hugged her tighter. His hand worked over the smooth curve
of her rib cage and fastened around one of her hard little breasts again,
making the little girl gasp and shiver as she responded to the fierce pleasure
that she experienced.

     "Oh, no, honey," the handsome older boy crooned as he let his fingers
dance over Betsy's slender young body. "Not sick, excited! You can't fool me, I
saw how you jumped and wiggled when that bitch swallowed that guy's big cock!"
Betsy moaned and squeezed even harder at the handsome boy's jerking, pulsating
cock.

     Rick groaned and shivered. The excited little girl felt his long erection
grow in her fist and she pumped even harder. She wanted to see it happen again,
wanted to watch the white fountain of his cum. Suddenly, Betsy realized that
more than anything she wanted that!!!

     "You should learn," Rick gushed as he stroked Betsy's trim, healthy body,
making the excited little girl moan and quiver as wave after delightful wave of
pleasure swept over her.        "You are a pretty chick and every pretty chick
should know how to slip a fat cock in her mouth and make her man moan when she
sucks on it."

     Betsy whimpered. She couldn't drag her eyes away from the thick, pulpy
head of Rick's throbbing cock. His words ran and echoed in her ears as she
stared at the handsome usher's bloated erection.

     "Ohhh, baby! I'm going to cum!! Get down there and take it in your
mouth!!"

     Betsy didn't move and she was rewarded by a hard slap against the side of
her head.

     "Suck it, whore! And don't you dare let a drop of it get on my uniform!!"
The young head usher jerked at her and Betsy, caught off balance, was pulled
off the cot.

     She wasn't fast enough and that earned her another slap while Rick pulled
her head down toward his long, white mushroom of a cock. "Suck my cock, honey.
That's what it's going to cost you to keep me from going to the boss and
telling him that you won't do!!"

     It wasn't fair! Betsy felt herself weaken when she thought about the good
that extra money would do. She began to whimper when she imagined what her
friends would say when they heard that she lost her job on the first night and
worst of all, the lovely little girl felt the last of her resistance rip away
when she imagined what it would be like to slip the fat crown of the handsome
boy's cock in her mouth!!

     "Annnnggghhhh," Rick moaned when Betsy relaxed and allowed his hand to
push her head down to meet the bloated crown of his prick and she was forced to
give it a long, loving kiss!!

     The velvet flesh of Rick's glans slipped delightfully across the nerve
endings of her lips.    Betsy shuddered and kissed it again.    She loved the
feel of his penis and the idea made her tingle all over. This time, the excited
little girl didn't hesitate. She mashed her full lips against the cock and even
dared flick at it with the tip of her pink little tongue.

     Rick groaned and pulled her closer.

     Betsy knew what the boy wanted and, while her sweaty fist continued its
rapid up and down stroke she opened her lips and sucked the mushroom-shaped
head of the prick into her saliva filled mouth!

     "Aggghhh! Yeah!! Suck it. Gobble my cock, honey!" Rick's hips began to
jerk and the thrilled twelve-year-old felt his iron- hard erection swell and
then buck hard as the first hot stream of his cum shot out and clogged her
small mouth! Betsy moaned with a twisted excitement. The thick liquid coated
her teeth, clogged her throat and was threatening to squirt out of her tightly
pursed lips, she had to swallow it or choke! The pretty child's throat muscles
worked and then worked again and her churning belly was filled with his hot
seed!

The End of part 2, continuing in part 3...

Subject: Usherette 03 of 13

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Usherette  Chapter 3

     As the bus came closer and closer to her stop, Betsy could feel her nerves
crawling under her skin. The pretty little brunette stared out of the window
and shook her head when she thought about the things that had happened to her
during the day.

     "It wasn't bad enough for me to do that with Mr. Simpson," Betsy told
herself. "We need the money and I guess there was some excuse, but when
Rick..." Betsy shivered happily when she thought about the head usher. He was
so strong and so exciting!

     Betsy's pointed tongue worked back and forth behind her teeth. She'd
rinsed her mouth out when Rick let her go, but even with that she was sure that
she could taste the yeasty tang of the boy's thick cum.

     "Whore! He called me that and that's what I am!"   Betsy shook herself and
pressed her lips together in a tight, hard line. "I'm not supposed to do things
like that, much less like it! What would happen if Mom found out what I'm
doing?"

     She felt ashamed and dirty thinking about her mother. Julia was such a
good woman, so hard working and clean, Betsy was shamed when she thought about
what she'd been doing. The little girl shifted uneasily, feeling a moist
trickle of love juice leaking out of her plump pussy. That, and the ripples of
dirty excitement that she felt, worried her.    Could she tell? When Betsy got
home, would her mother be able to look at her and know what she'd been doing?

     She was so wrapped up in her morbid thoughts that she almost missed her
stop. Hurriedly, the little twelve-year-old jerked the bell cord and stepped
off the bus. The pussy juice was still leaking out of her and made the hairless
folds of her puffy little cunt rub and slip as they brushed together.

     It was almost midnight and Betsy was worried. She hadn't been able to call
her mother and tell her how late she would be and she was worried that her
mother would be angry and upset. The pretty little brunette had a whole
mouthful of excuses ready when she stepped through the door, but the second
that she saw the glowing smile on her mother's pretty face and the man sitting
on the couch, she realized that she wouldn't need them.

     "Are you all right, darling? I was so worried, but I hoped that you were
working.        Did you get the job?"

     Betsy heard the words, but realized with a pang that her mother wasn't
really worried. The man leaning back on the couch, looking at her, had kept her
busy.

     "Yes, Betsy bubbled happily. "I got the job and I can make a lot of money.
Mr. Simpson, he's the manager, says..." Her happy words were stilled as her
mother shook her head in mock anger.

     "Ohhhh, no, it's late! You slip off to bed right now, young lady! You can
tell me all about your lovely job in the morning!!" Julia caught her by the arm
and only paused long enough to perform a quick introduction before she steered
the surprised little brunette out of the room. "Dave, this little waif is my
daughter, Betsy.        Betsy, this is Mr. Henry. He works in my office. Say
goodnight and slip off to bed, baby."

     Before she realized what was happening to her, Betsy was in her room with
her mother standing at the door.        Julia had a serious look on her face.
"Now, go to sleep, baby. I'll shut the connecting door. See you in the
morning."

     Betsy was shocked. She stared at the closed door to her room and shook her
head in wonder. It was obvious that her mother wanted to be alone with that
man. For the first time in her life, the little girl realized that her mother
was a human, that she got lonely - and that she needed sex!!

     Betsy was shaken.  She knew that a part of her childhood was dead, that
reality had pushed in and destroyed something very fragile and steadying in her
life.

     She was tired. Pushing her thoughts aside, Betsy hurriedly stripped out of
her clothes and into her nightgown. The pretty little girl refused to think
about what was happening to her and around her. She snapped off the lamp beside
her bed and felt the sleep creeping in on her before her small head hit the
pillow.

     Something, a sound, a feeling woke her up! Betsy found herself sitting
upright in her bed, staring around her darkened bedroom. The little girl's
heart was beating hard and her breath was coming in short, panicky bursts. At
last, Betsy realized that there was nothing threatening in the room and began
to relax. The little girl was ready to laugh at her fears and go back to sleep
when she heard a low, wavering moan of pain and pleasure!

     The little brunette felt her nerves jump under her skin and the hairs on
the back of her neck lift. Betsy jumped out of bed and headed for her door.
That moan wasn't a dream. It was real. And it was coming from her mother's
bedroom!

     Betsy didn't know what to expect. She could not imagine what would make
Julia moan and whimper the way she was. The little girl was frightened and
nervous as she crept down the darkened hallway that led to her mother's
bedroom. With each step she took, the little girl could hear her mother
groaning and whispering to someone.

     "Awwwwgh, God! Oh, baby, I...you can't know! Ohhh, honey, it's been so
long!" She recognized the sound in her mother's voice and Betsy was tempted to
turn around and run back to her room.   But the memory of that lady in the
audience taunted Betsy and called to her. The little girl felt a sweet stirring
between her slender thighs and knew that she couldn't stop. She had to know,
had to see what her mother was doing!

     The door to the bedroom was partly open, and Betsy found that she could
see into Julia's room by pressing her eye against the crack by the hinges. The
lamp over her mother's bed was on and it bathed the room in a muted, pink
light. Betsy felt her knees shake with excitement when she saw her mother,
lying spread-eagled on the bed. Mr. Henry was kneeling over her and they were
both naked!

     The pretty twelve-year-old shuddered and slowly sank to her knees as she
watched the big man work a stiff forefinger in and out of her mother's dark,
hairy sex. Each time that the finger sank home, Julia would groan or gasp and
shake her naked bottom. At the same time that Dave Henry used his finger to
rouse and torment her, the lovely woman's clenched fist jerked and pulled on
his huge, swollen cock!

     Betsy couldn't tear her eyes away from the prick that her mother was so
lovingly stroking. The head of the penis was so big that it made Betsy's tummy
twist and turn, it was an angry, dark red, almost purple, and in its one blind
eye, she could see thick drops of clear liquid seeping out and drooling over
her fingers.

     Without thinking, the little girl's own fingers crept up under her shorty
nightgown, then slipped under the elastic waistband of the bottoms. It felt
nice when she ran her hand down over the soft curve of her belly and then
pressed her fingers against the fatty flesh that covered her hairless little
mound.

     While her mother gasped and whispered to the strange man, the small
brunette pressed one of her fingers between the puffy lips of her pussy and
wiggled it around, wetting it in the slick, clear oil of her love juice. Betsy
still stared at Mr. Henry's big, hairy cock and when she caught herself
wondering what it would taste like and how it would feel as it slipped into her
open mouth she had to press her free hand against her mouth to keep from
squealing out loud.

     "In me," Julia panted as she pulled at the naked man. "Please, Dave, I
need it inside of me!" The handsome man chuckled and shook his head. Julia
moaned and tried again to pull him on top of her naked, writhing body. "Please!
Fuck me, Dave!"

     "You're not ready yet," Dave whispered, a large grin creasing his face.
"You'll have to work if you want it, Julia. You made me wait for a long time,
now it's your turn."

     Mr. Henry was smiling, but Betsy could sense something dangerous about him
and that sense of danger was so thrilling that the little girl shuddered and
tried to force the tip of her finger into the tight, unused throat of her
vagina.

     Dave pulled his finger out of Betsy's mother's cunt and Julia moaned as
she tried to arch her body up off the bed to follow it. The grinning man caught
a handful of the poor woman's thick, dark hair and jerked, pulling her up until
her bruised-looking lips were pressed against the wet tip of his hard,
throbbing cock.

     Betsy knew what was coming. She felt her whole body begin to glow with
excitement and she pressed her little finger so deep in the tight grip of her
love sheath that the tip pressed painfully against her tightly stretched hymen.

     Mr. Henry laughed softly when her mother whimpered and Betsy pressed
closer to the door and strained to hear every word that he hissed at her."Get
on it, honey! I can tell that you want to suck it! Wrap those lips around my
cock and suck it. Earn the fucking that you are begging for!"

     A tiny moan of sympathy oozed out of Betsy when she saw her mother blush
and wiggle. Mr. Henry jerked at her hair and the lovely brunette moaned as her
lips went slack and allowed the greasy-looking head of the penis to slip past
them and enter her mouth.

     Betsy's own mouth fell open and a small, rippling orgasm rumbled through
her. Julia gasped and mumbled, her words muffled by the thick post of flesh
that stuffed her mouth. Even as she jiggled her finger back and forth over her
stiff little clitoris, Betsy knew that all she had to do was keep on going and
she could cum again!

     "I was right," Dave Henry whispered as he forced her mother's head to bob
back and forth on the head of his prick. Even across the room, Betsy could hear
the lewd, smacking sounds that Julia's mouth was making as she struggled to
swallow almost half of the thick probe.

     The shaken twelve-year-old remembered the strange, slick feeling of Rick's
cock as it slid back and forth over her tongue and wondered if that sensation
pleased her mother as much as it had her. Julia was moaning and making small
protest sounds while she pursed her lips tight around the thick shaft of the
man's big prick and sucked. But Betsy noticed that, at the same time, her hips
were making a slow, revolving motion and her hands were slowly moving around
his muscular thighs and pulling him closer as she meekly serviced his throbbing
erection.

     "Ooooo, yeah. You can't fool me, darling," Mr. Henry breathed. His head
fell back and his eyes closed while he smiled. "You know how to give head!
Someone took a lot of time with you and taught you how to suck cock like a
dream!"

     He was right! Betsy trembled as she watched the expert way that her mother
twisted her head and pressed forward, jamming another two fat inches of cock in
her mouth. The whole scene was more than Betsy could stand. The pretty child
sighed softly and wiggled her own trim little bottom when she realized what she
was seeing. Never again could she look at her mother as that clam, serene
person who was so much under control, so unruffled that nothing could ever
really touch her.

     Julia mumbled something. Her pelvis was jerking and Betsy gasped with
shock and Dave laughed when the beautiful woman's hand crept down over her
belly and a finger dipped deep and straight into the fleshy crease of her sex.

     "Is it good? Is that how you've been making it? Do you sneak off a few
times a day and finger fuck yourself, baby?"

     Betsy felt angry and ashamed for her mother when Julia was forced to nod
her head and try to suck even harder on the cock in a mute effort to please the
man.

     Julia's thighs were spread wide and Betsy could see the deep pink flesh of
her mother's inner membranes as they flashed and glistened in the light. Julia
never stopped sucking while she fingered herself. Betsy could hear the rasping,
vibrating sounds that her mother's mouth made as she shamelessly sucked and
nursed on the handsome man's prick.

     "Do you really need it? Do you want my cock inside of you, baby?" Julia's
cheeks were a bright red and Betsy knew that she was ashamed - but apparently
shame wasn't enough to stop her because she nodded her head and hugged the man
even tighter than before.

     Dave groaned happily when he used his grip in Julia's hair to pull her
sucking lips away from the pulpy head of his big dong. Betsy gasped softly and
excitedly pinched at her firm little clit when she saw how much larger and
darker his glans looked after her mother had mouthed it.

     "Roll over, honey. I'll take care of you. I'll fuck you until you'll think
that you're dying!"

     Betsy's frilly shorty bottoms were in her way and, while she watched her
lovely, naked mother eagerly roll over on her belly then pull herself up until
she knelt on all fours before the man, she pulled them down.

     "You got it right," Dave chuckled as he moved in behind Julia. "I know
that somewhere, sometime, some smart stud had his hands on you and taught you
the way to take care of a man!"

     Julia moaned and shook her bottom, making the fleshy cheeks of her ass
quiver and tremble as she offered herself up to him.

     It was shocking and terrible, but Betsy knew in her heart that the
laughing, sneering man was right. Her mother, her cool, sophisticated mother,
was no stranger to this sort of thing and it was even more apparent that she
wanted it so badly that she would do anything to get it!

     Betsy's panties were down to her knees. The pretty child had hiked her
gown up over her waist and was shamelessly wiggling her near naked body as her
small finger wormed its way in and out of her puffy, pouting pussy. It was
dirty and naughty but it felt sooo good!

     Julia whimpered but didn't answer the taunting challenge in Dave's voice.
Betsy shivered and felt herself begin to tremble terribly as she watched the
big man press his naked body against her mother's raised bottom and fit the
bloated tip of his prick between the ivory smooth cheeks of her shapely ass.

     For a terrible moment, the little girl thought that the man was going to
force his big rammer into the wrong place. Betsy knew about sodomy, she knew
that people sometimes used the wrong place to make love, but she'd always hated
and feared the idea before. But, when Betsy saw the thick, discolored head of
Dave Henry's big dong move between her mother's buttocks, she was shocked to
feel a sharp, twisting sensation in her own puckered anal opening.

     Julia knelt at an angle and Betsy could see every move of the hard cock as
it pressed closer to her trembling mother's bottom. Julia moaned and her little
daughter sighed with relief when the big prick skidded over the pink rosette of
her anus and bulled its way between the hair-fringed lips of her sex.

     "Annngghh," Julia groaned when the saliva-coated shaft of Dave's cock
followed the enlarged head of his cock into her love groove. "Go slow, darling,
oooo, it feels so big! Go slow. Don't hurt me with your big, fat cock!" The
words meant one thing, but Betsy could hear something else in the tone of her
mother's voice. It was as if Julia wanted him to hurt her, wanted Mr. Henry to
split her in half with his huge cock and was giving him the needed invitation
to do it!

     "Ahhh, it feels big. You like it big, don't you, Julia? You want me to
fill this tight little cunt of yours with meat, don't you?"

     There was a mean, thin-lipped smile on the handsome man's face. Betsy saw
Dave's fingers sink into the soft flesh of her mother's waist and pull her back
to meet the hard bulk of his big spear.

     "Oooowwaaaahhh!" Julia's shapely body vibrated.

     Betsy shuddered as the thick inches of the man's prick were forced into
her mother's body and she felt her own hard little clitoris swell until it
hurt. "Unnngghh," Julia moaned. "You're tearing me! Ohhh, God, annnggghh!"

     Julia's head fell, her hair covered her face as she began to slowly shake
it back and forth. Betsy moaned softly and pressed even harder at the thin
barrier that kept her finger out of the moist, twisting pit of her own virginal
love slot. The lovely little girl felt her flesh crawl as she inched even
closer to the door and watched her mother's large, firm breasts swing and slap
against each other. Betsy was especially drawn to the long, thick fingers of
her mother's nipples as they stood out dark and swollen from the smooth curves
of her breasts. For a reason that she didn't understand, Betsy wished that she
was in the room with them. And what was worse and more disturbing, she wished
that she was lying beneath those swaying globes and could take them in her pink
mouth and suck and suck on them like she used to do when she was a baby!

     Dave grunted and moaned. He thrust and slammed himself at Julia and the
sound of his lean belly slapping against her mother's fleshy ass cheeks excited
Betsy. The lovely little brunette groaned softly and wiggled her finger in the
wet, slippery mouth of her pussy. Her sore little clit burned and stung, but
the pleasure that she felt was so much stronger than the pain that she didn't
consider stopping.

     "Shake your ass, woman," Dave snarled as he drove himself into Julia's
stretched cunt. "Roll you hips and make your pussy eat my cock!"

     Betsy was shocked that he would talk to her mother like that, she was even
more shocked when she realized that Julia liked it and did as she was told!

     Apparently, the suffering woman didn't move fast enough to please him. Mr.
Henry grinned as he brought the broad flat of his palm down on her white
bottom. He was spanking her! "I said, shake it! Come on, don't yell! You'll
wake your kid and you wouldn't want her to see you getting stuffed like this,
would you?" Julia squealed and shook, red finger marks appeared on her ass and
she frantically began to shake. As she did, her climax caught her and she
wailed and cried.

     "Aaaaiieeee! Oooo, cum! Please, Dave, cum in my pussy, fill me up!" Betsy
began to tremble, her own small body took on a glow and she had to bite down
hard on her knuckle to keep from screaming out loud as she had an orgasm, too!

     "Oooo, Mama, how could you? How...aaaaiiieeee!!!" A trickle of juice wet
her fingers and the shaking little girl didn't know if it was love juice or
pee, or both. All she knew was that it was lovely to wiggle and twist as she
dreamed of a cock of her very own!

The End of part 3, continuing in part 4...





From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:17:11 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Usherette 04 of 13
Message-ID: <6187cc$1028a.1f@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 21:40:10 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 438
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!news.drenet.dnd.ca!crc-news.doc.ca!nott!torn!newsfeed.internetmci.com!in1.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Usherette  Chapter 4

     Betsy slowly shook her head and hugged herself as she stepped down from
her bus and stood on the street corner. She needed a few minutes to gather her
thoughts. Betsy felt like her whole world had turned upside down and she was
lost. There were no familiar bases to touch, any more.

     It had been so hard to talk to Julia this morning. Betsy felt like crying
when she remembered how she'd stared at her mother as if she'd never seen her
before in her life. "Well, that's the way it is, isn't it? I've never seen her
do things like that before. I never even thought that she knew about things
like that!"

     The pretty twelve-year-old felt a dull resentment inside her when she
thought about Julia. She felt cheated and lied to, as if her mother had been
playing a game with her all these years. Betsy knew that Julia was only human,
but when she thought about her mother, all she could see was her twisted face
and hear again the guttural groans and snorts of delight that she made when Mr.
Henry's big prick slid in and out of her!

     Betsy was tense and uneasy. She could feel that silky, twisting feeling in
her belly.      It never seemed to go away any more. It was with her all the
time and only became stronger when she thought about the dirty things that
she'd done and seen in the past two days.

     Betsy wanted to turn right around and go home. She didn't want to go in
early and help Mr. Simpson get the house ready for the Saturday early show, but
she couldn't go home. "Ohhh, darling, this is wonderful! I never dreamed that
you could make that much money on a job at the movie!" Betsy grimaced when she
remembered how her mother had hugged her and kissed her, kissed her with the
same lips that she used to suck Dave Henry's prick! "Thank you! This is going
to help so much.        Maybe now we can do some of the things that we want to
do. You're great, Bets!"

     There was no going home. There was no being a happy, silly little girl
again. Somehow she'd stepped over an invisible line and she could never get
back.

     Looking up, Betsy saw the big clock on the jewelry shop and realized that
she would be late if she didn't hurry. The pretty little brunette forced her
fears and her doubts out of her mind and began to scurry down the sidewalk
toward the Majestic.    Mr. Simpson had promised her extra money if she would
come in early today and help and extra money was the only thing on her mind
when she slipped in the back door of the theater.

     Newton Simpson sat on one of the large couches in the lobby. When he saw
Betsy, the theater manager checked his watch and nodded his head. "Right on
time. I like that, Betsy."

     The little girl looked down. She just couldn't bring herself to look the
man in the eye. From the first second that she came in she felt that twisting
sensation grow stronger than ever and no matter what she did, she found herself
thinking bout his big penis!

     "What should I do first, Mr. Simpson?" Betsy asked in a faint voice.The
handsome theater manager chuckled and looked around him. At first, Betsy didn't
understand. Then, when she followed his gaze, she began to catch his meaning.
The candy counter was stocked and ready to go, the carpets had been vacuumed,
and without having to look, she knew that the auditorium would be clean and
ready.

     "I...I thought that I was supposed to come in and help you this morning,"
Betsy stammered. "Did I make a mistake?"

     Newton Simpson was smiling as he stood up. The slender little girl watched
the man coming closer to her and was ashamed when she realized that her knees
were shaking.

     "no, you didn't make a mistake, honey," the man said quietly as he slipped
his hand under Betsy's thick, long hair and caressed her slender arched neck.
"I wanted you to come early for another reason."

     Betsy shivered and couldn't resist the sudden impulse to move closer to
Mr. Simpson.

     "I wanted to be alone with you so that we could get to know each other
better and to have some time to tell you about some other ways that I have for
you to make extra money. A lot of extra money."

     The plump, down-covered lips of her small pussy grew hot and firm and
Betsy could feel them swell apart, letting a few drops of her slick lube leak
out of her and wet the form-fitting crotch of her panties. The twelve-year-old
knew full well what he meant when he said he wanted to "know each other better"
and she was interest- ed.

     They didn't speak as they walked up the stairs that led to Newton's
office. The man kept his arm around the little girl's shoulders and their legs
brushed and touched as they walked. From time to time, Betsy peeked sideways at
the front of Mr. Simpson's slacks and the large, growing bulge that she saw
there made her feel all soft and melty inside.

     Other than holding her close to him, Mr. Simpson made no other move to
touch Betsy until they were safely inside of his office and his door was locked
tight. Newton turned and found Betsy standing in the middle of the room staring
at him with her large dark eyes.

     Mr. Simpson took her by the hand and led Betsy to a couch and they sat.
The man was confident and took his time, one arm slipped behind his shoulders
and his free hand casually dropped down on Betsy's bare knee. To distract her,
Newton began to speak softly in her ear.

     "Did you think about what we did yesterday?" He didn't give Betsy a chance
to answer before he went on. "I'll bet you did. I'll bet that it still makes
you feel wet and funny when you remember how good it felt when I put my fingers
in you."

     His hand had crept up her bare thigh. The little girl watched it. The
strange, sideways way that it moved reminded her of a big, warm spider. The
twelve-year-old child trembled when the hand slipped out of view under her
short skirt, but she didn't say a word. She didn't make a move to pull away
from him. When Newton's hand pressed in between her thighs, Betsy sighed and
obediently spread them, opening the way for him to press against the fat
outline of her moist little cunt.

     "I've been thinking about you," the theater manager sighed as he cupped
her mound and gave it a gentle squeeze. "It makes me feel good when I remember
how nice it felt to have you play with my prick."

     She couldn't help it. Betsy was already staring at the big outline of his
cock as it strained against his fly and when he began to talk about it, her
small hands darted out and pressed against it!

     "I knew it! I knew that you were just the girl I've been looking for
around here," Newton sighed happily. "If you'll just do what I say you can have
a lot of fun and make good money, too. You can work a few mornings a week when
our Film Club meets and after that...well, I'll tell you about that when you're
ready for it."

     It was so nice. Betsy wiggled happily and spread her slim, childish legs
farther apart. Her fingers pressed and explored the bulge of Newton's big dong
all the way from his heavy balls to the mushroom-shaped head. She liked this,
all she had to do was relax and respond to the knowing touch of Mr. Simpson's
hands. Each time that he touched her, it made Betsy feel even better and the
pleasure blotted out her worries and those awful thoughts she had about her
mother.

     Slowly, Newton's hand crept up over her tummy, Betsy sighed and wiggled,
she liked his touch, liked to grind the firm cheeks of her bottom against the
couch. The waistband of her panties was hooked and he began to pull them down.T
he silky material brushed against her flesh and Betsy lifted her wiggling
bottom off of the seat long enough for him to peel her panties down to her
knees.

     A thick finger slowly, gently pressed into the tight throat of her baby
pussy, making Betsy gasp and jerk her pelvis high so that he had more room. "Do
you like that, baby? Does it make you feel good when I play with you?"

     "Oooooo, yes, Mr. Simpson," Betsy cooed. Her fingers dug into the material
of his slacks and tried to close around his throbbing hardon. "It makes me feel
goooood!"

     Newton chuckled softly and pulled Betsy toward him for a second. The
trembling little girl felt the zipper at the back of her top being pulled down
and moaned when the tips of his fingers brushed down the length of her naked
backbone.       "I'm glad," Newton whispered as he pulled the loosened top down
over Betsy's slim shoulders, then tossed it aside. "I wanted you to enjoy this.
That's why I had you come in early, so that we could take all the time we need
to make you feel extra good!"

     Betsy felt shy when the man stared at the small mounds of her budding
breasts but the shyness faded when he gently pressed against them with his hand
and tweaked each pointed little pink nub.

     Next came the skirt. Mr. Simpson lifted her up on his lap, unzipped her
short skirt, pulling it down as he lifted her. Betsy shivered, all she wore
were her long, shin-high white socks and black shiny shoes.

     "You're pretty," Newton breathed as he stroked the naked little girl. "I
like pretty girls like you." He dipped his head and caught one of Betsy's firm
little tits in her mouth.

     The little brunette shuddered and sighed happily when the man sucked the
whole of her tiny breast into his mouth, using his wet tongue to lash back and
forth over the nipple.

     At the same time that he sucked and kissed each apple-sized breast, Mr.
Simpson's other hand was working between her legs. Betsy spread them wide,
lifting one thigh and letting her other leg dangle down over his knee and point
at the floor. The pretty twelve-year-old shuddered and began to make a
thrusting, jerking motion with her pelvis as a knowing finger twirled and
flexed in her and opened her, smearing her slippery lube over her legs and
tummy.

     Betsy could feel Newton's big stalk pressing up against her tingling
bottom and all she could think about was the way that her mother had groaned
and shuddered when Mr. Henry pushed his big thing into her. Could she stand it?
Did she dare let Mr. Simpson do a thing like that to her?

     It wasn't really up to Betsy. The handsome theater manager had a plan of
his own and there was no way that the little girl could resist him, even if she
wanted to.

     "Wait a second, honey," Mr. Simpson finally muttered as he lifted the
naked girl off of his lap and sat her beside him. Newton leaned forward and
jerked off his jacket then undid his tie and his white shirt. In seconds, the
startled little girl found herself staring at the man's tight, fully filled
shorts. They were all that he wore, the only thing that kept the warm flesh of
his body away from hers.

     Betsy trembled, she'd never been naked with anyone, not even Dickie and
she was frightened.     But fright alone wasn't enough to kill the rising
desire and excitement that ran through her and the slim little girl reached out
and unsnapped the man's shorts, freeing his heavy, erect cock!

     "Does it make you feel good to squeeze my cock? Do you like to play with
it and make me cum for you?"

     Mr. Simpson's dirty question rattled and echoed in Betsy's head, but the
little girl didn't really mind, she was concentrating on the thick, heavily
veined shaft of his penis, watching the way that his silky flesh rippled and
moved away from her knuckles when she ran her hand up and down its thrilling
length.

     Newton pulled her forward, his big hand slid down over Betsy's naked back
until he could press his fingers in between her buttocks and hook her tight
little cunt from the rear. The little brunette moaned, it felt so good!

     Betsy found herself drawn forward until she lay almost face down across
the naked man's middle. She'd managed to keep her grip on this pulsating staff
and was happily frigging it as he aroused her from the rear. The head of the
big cock was rubbing against her chin and her cheek, and her thoughts crept
back to Rick and the way that his skinny prick fit into her untrained mouth so
that when she felt the pressure of Mr. Simpson's hand against the back of her
head, she knew just what was expected of her.

     A violent trembling fit hit her. Betsy moaned softly when Mr. Simpson
twirled his big finger in her bubbling little cunt in an effort to encourage
her. The little girl wiggled and bent her head, letting her pouting lips brush
hard against the slick, lube- coated glans of the cock that she held in her
fist. Newton Simpson groaned and pressed his finger deeper into her naked cunt.

     "You know about that, eh? Who taught you to suck cock, honey? Who took a
pretty little baby like you and taught him how to give him a blow job?"

     Betsy didn't want to answer, she didn't dare. There was only one way that
the lovely child could think of to keep from answer- ing.

     Before the groaning theater manager could force her to talk to him, Betsy
formed a tight oval with her soft lips and pressed that elastic oval down over
the hot, pulpy head of his upthrust cock! Mr. Simpson gasped, his hips lifted,
catching Betsy by surprise and jamming almost half of his throbbing prick into
her mouth. The naked child coughed and bucked when she felt her throat blocked
and realized she couldn't breathe. But before she could panic, Newton pulled
Betsy's head up and taught her how to hold just the head of his bloated cock
and its steel-hard shoulders in her mouth.

     "Ummmm, that's good, kid," the handsome manager sighed as he used his
hands to guide the little girl's head up and down in his lap. "Work your tongue
around the underside...ohh, yes! Press right here....hummmmm."

     She liked it. Rick had been rougher with her and she'd been frightened but
Newton was gentle and his moans and groans of pleasure excited her and made her
proud that she could please him. The lovely child groaned and mumbled, her
naked body wiggled and pressed against the man's and she loved the way that his
hairy thighs scratched and rubbed against the swollen and well-sucked nipples
of her budding breasts.

     Mr. Simpson's big hand was still between her thighs and the little girl
shook with delight when he inserted another finger in her stretched pussy then
used his grip to gently lift her and force her to pull her knees up under her a
little so that she could elevate her shaking bottom.

     He'd managed to press the two fingers so deep in her tight love channel
that they were stretching her hymen and she wished that it would break so she
could feel them deep inside her. A slick drool of love juice was flowing out of
her and the excited little girl whimpered with pleasure when Newton wet his
thumb in it and began to press hard against the exposed pucker of her pink
little anus.

     Betsy snorted and groaned as the lubricated probe popped past her tight
little sphincter muscle and entered her ass.    There was pain, but it wasn't
much. Not nearly so powerful as the strange, different sort of pleasure that
she felt as the thick thumb pushed deeper and deeper.

     The naked little girl's head bobbed faster and faster, a thick mixture of
her saliva and his lube escaped her pursed lips and ran down the shaft of
Newton's big cock. The handsome man groaned and continued to use his free hand
to guide her and teach her the delicious art of cock sucking.

     Finally, he couldn't stand it any longer. He pulled the gasping little
girl's mouth away from his throbbing erection and pulled her up onto his lap.

     Betsy moaned when the three fingers were pulled out of her bottom and the
thick, satisfying head of the man's prick was jerked away from her lips but she
didn't have any time to protest as he lifted her and forced her down on his
lap. Betsy sat facing Mr. Simpson, her slim thighs spread wide on either side
of his own.

     "Oggghhh, you almost made me cum, honey," Newton moaned as he pulled the
startled little girl forward and kissed her, jamming his tongue deep into her
mouth as he did.

     A wild sense of excitement was rumbling inside her, Betsy's naked body was
jerking and screaming for the release she'd been cheated of. The pretty little
brunette could feel his hard, slick penis pressing against the fat lips of her
pussy and she found that by rocking her hips she could make the shaft rub
against her hairless lips and mash hard against her hard, protruding clitoris.

     Mr. Simpson's big hands slipped under her and cupped Betsy's trim little
bottom. The naked girl sighed as his fingers squeezed and mauled her bouncy
cheeks. But when he began to lift her, the little usherette began to tremble
with a mixture of fear and desire.

     "I'm going to put it in you, Betsy," Mr. Simpson breathed in her ear. "Are
you afraid?"

     Betsy moaned and hugged the handsome man tightly.  She could feel his hard
prick dragging across the velvet-smooth flesh of her inner thighs, leaving a
wet, slick trail of lube as it blindly sought the small opening of her virgin
cunt.

     "Yessss," the lovely little girl admitted. "Is it going to hurt me?" The
man chuckled a little and hugged her in return before he answered.

     "A little, baby, just a little at first, but afterward...ohhh, after that
it's going to be so good that you'll flip!"

     She was still afraid, but an image of her mother popped into the excited
little girl's head. Betsy could remember the look of longing on Julia's face, a
look that changed to joy and pleasure when that man finally rammed his big
thing into her. Betsy knew that she had to have it, somewhere inside her there
was a longing, a need to feel it and no amount of fear or pain could stop her!

     She didn't need to say a word, Betsy simply rolled her hips forward and
pressed the swollen lips of her wet little love groove against the head of Mr.
Simpson's big dong. The man gasped and groaned as the soft mouth of her baby
cunt kissed his cock head.

     "That's my baby," Mr. Simpson moaned softly. He pushed her back a little
and Betsy could watch as he used one hand to center the head of his big cock
under her puffy vulva. "Now go slow. Sit down on it a little at a time, honey.
I don't want to hurt you, I want you to love this!"

     Her insides had melted and drained away. Betsy felt light- headed and
giddy as she did as she was told and lowered her trebling, naked body onto the
cock. She could see everything and it added an extra sense of pleasure for the
little girl to be able to see the purplish head of the penis spread the pink
and white lips of her cunt apart and disappear into her tight little cunt.

     Betsy gasped and shivered, the naked child felt a moan of pain trying to
tear its way out of her open mouth and she clenched her jaw hard to keep it
inside. Little ripples of pleasure and pain met and mixed along her nervous
system until Betsy wasn't certain that she could tell them apart. The firm knob
of the man's big prick was fully inserted in the stretched throat of her vagina
and was slowly entering her body. For the first time, Betsy realized what was
going to happen to her, he was going to put part of his body inside of hers!

     A wave of panic and fear shook her and the naked little girl whimpered as
she tried to pull herself off of the spear of flesh that was inching its way
into her flat little belly.

     "Shhh, it's going to be all right, honey," Mr. Simpson whispered in her
ear. "Don't worry, don't be frightened. I won't hurt you." His voice calmed her
a little and the feel of his strong hands moving up and down on her back
soothed the lovely child and she stopped struggling. "Relax, don't go tense
because that will only make it harder for us," Newton whispered.

     She tried, she really did, but the feel of the hard staff stretching and
opening her set off alarm bells in Betsy's mind and she had to force the
muscles of her belly and the muscles between her splayed thighs to unlock.

     Newton's fingers tightened under her and pulled the pert, high riding
cheeks of the child's bottom apart, helping make room for his hairy dong as it
slowly forced its way into her. He stopped when he felt his glans butt hard
against the elastic membrane that blocked Betsy's virgin love sheath and
waited.

     Betsy knew what was happening, too, the pretty little girl winced when she
felt her hymen stretch and fight to keep the big cock head out. They both
stopped moving, allowing her body to grow accustomed to the feel of him inside
of her.

     Mr. Simpson must have known how frightened she was because he was so
gentle with her. Betsy sighed happily when the handsome man paused to suck at
her pretty little titties and lightly tickled the tightly closed opening to her
anal canal.

     "You'll have to help me, baby," the handsome man sighed as he taught Betsy
to twist her hips and make the knob of his throbbing cock turn and pull inside
of her. Each time that she moved, it felt better. Betsy could feel the hard
flesh of the shaft brushing lightly against her swollen lovebud and the flame
of desire beat down her fears and gave her a fresh wave of courage.

     "Ooohhhh, it feels so big," Betsy moaned breathlessly and she pressed her
slim body down on the man's prick. "It feels like ... awwwgghh!" Betsy stopped
moving and stiffened but it was already too late! The lovely little girl felt
her paper thin membrane rip and the greasy feeling head of the prick glide into
the slick, waiting grip of her virginal cunt!!

     "Ummmm, soooo tight and warm." Mr. Simpson moaned as he began to thrust
gently at Betsy. Each time that the big cock would back off an inch then slip
back she would groan but gradually the moans of pain turned to groans of
pleasure and in minutes he had Betsy twisting and rolling her hips and bouncing
up and down on his hard, hot prick.

     "Oooooo, I ... like it," Betsy panted. Impulsively the little girl pulled
his face up to hers and kissed him. This time, when Mr. Simpson forced his
tongue into her mouth, the greedy little rascal sucked and pulled around his
blood hot rammer.

     "Oggghhhh ... do it like that again!" Betsy's eyes and popped open and she
yelped a little when the big man lifted her until only the flanged head of his
cock was still in her before he relaxed and let the lovely, naked girl drop
back on his cock, taking all of it in one long plunge!! "Oh ... Ohhhh!!! It's
going to ... ohhhh ... aaaaaiiiiieeeee!!"

     She was cumming!

     Betsy called out, her small hands clenched and dug her nails into Newton's
shoulders while she forced her stretched, full little cunt to dance and pound
against his lap. The man grinned and then gasped himself when the terrible
friction of her tight little sheath seemed to suck his cum up from his balls.

     "Awwwgggghhh ... I'm cumming too, honey!"  Betsy gasped then moaned when
she felt a hot gush of cum fill her and soak her stinging little cunt with a
thick coat of slick semen and all she could do was squeal and work faster as
she tried to pump all of his hot load into herself.     She knew it, she was
even farther over that line of childhood and it was certain that she could
never get back. She wasn't even sure she wanted to!

     "Ooooooo, harder!" The lovely little brunette cooed in the panting man's
ear. "Do it harder for me!!" Newton Simpson groaned and then laughed happily
when he felt her small pussy tighten around his wilting cock and fight to keep
it hard and stuffed deep inside of her.

The End of part 4, continuing in part 5...

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


Usherette  Chapter 8

   "Don't work her tonight. Let her rest up a day and then start in on her
again." Mr. Baker's words still rang and echoed in her ears. Betsy sat slumped
on a stool in the dressing room and shook her head as she remembered what she'd
heard as she lay sprawled on the desk. "You know what I want, Newt. That little
sugar cunt can be worth big dollars to us. I want her broken in and on the
string by the end of the month!"

     They talked about her as if they owned her. Betsy tried to be angry about
that but she was too tired and beaten down to manage. "On the string," she
wasn't certain what that meant but she was sure that it wouldn't be a good
thing for her!

      The pretty little girl looked around the empty dressing room. Kathy had
already changed and left. Betsy frowned and felt a sick little tingle between
her thighs when she thought about the redheaded usherette. Kathy hadn't said a
word to her when they got back to the dressing room. She hadn't even looked at
Betsy before she dressed and hurried out. As she slipped into her dress, the
little girl found herself thinking about Kathy. And the more she thought the
more confused and unsettled Betsy felt.

      It's no secret, she takes those men back there for money, Betsy told
herself The little twelve-year-old knew that was wrong and that she should not
like the older girl. But whenever she thought about Kathy, Betsy remembered how
pretty and nice she looked with Mr. Simpson. How her firm young breasts jiggled
and bounced when she knelt before him and let him put his big prick in her...
her ass!!!

     Suddenly Betsy realized that she was getting excited again. Images of
Kathy were mingling with images of Grace Borden until she wasn't sure which was
which! Did she want to do that with Kathy too? Betsy imagined slipping to her
knees and kissing Kathy's red pubic curls, imagined worming her tongue into
Kathy's cunny and tasting her love juice!

     No! I have to stop thinking about things like that! I have to stop this. I
don't care what I promised Mr. Baker, I have to get out of here! A sudden wave
of panic swept over her and the little girl only paused long enough to sweep up
her purse before she darted out of the dressing room and down the stairs of the
deserted theater!!

     When she burst out the back door of the Majestic, the brilliant sunlight
blinded Betsy for a moment.     The pretty girl stood in the alley and tried to
shade her dazzled eyes with her hand. She was so preoccupied that she didn't
see the big, balding man step out of a car where he'd been sitting and move up
behind her!

     There was no warning. Betsy felt a strong hand on her arm and before she
could utter a sound at thick, emotional voice spoke in her ear!

     "Shut up you little whore! Don't you make a sound or I'll break your arm!"
He shook her and Betsy desperately nodded her head. She was too terrified to
resist in any way.

     "Get in the car," the man beside her ordered. When Betsy didn't move fast
enough, he used his free hand to swat her hard across the bottom! The
frightened little girl's fingers fumbled with the handle, but before he could
spank her again she had it open and could scramble inside.

     She was terrified. The trembling twelve-year-old didn't dare try to slip
away when the big man shut her door and walked around to the driver's side to
get in. All she could do was huddle helplessly on the seat and peek at the
grim-faced man out of the corner of her eye.

     The man was almost totally bald. Only a short cut fringe of stubble showed
around the back of his head. His face was large and meaty, the nose and the
lips thick and scary looking.

     Her abductor didn't say a word as he started the car and pulled it out of
the alley and into the afternoon traffic.

     Betsy sat perfectly still, she wished that she could see someone she knew,
but she wasn't sure what she could do if she did.

     The big man didn't speak until they pulled out of the town and headed down
a country road that led to the river. Then he turned his head and his dull gray
eyes seemed to bore into her as he spoke.

     "I saw you this morning...you may look like a pretty little girl but I
know that you're a whore, just like that redhead!!"

     Betsy didn't know how to react, she simply sat there and stared in
amazement at the man.

     "I was the one," the bald man said. When Betsy made no response he got
angrier and reached out to slap at her bare knee. "I was the one behind you. I
played with that tight little ass of yours when you sucked that kid off!!"

     A wave of fear and horror washed over her and for a second Betsy
considered jumping out of the moving car. But the man was one step ahead of
her.    He caught her by the wrist and roughly jerked her across the seat until
she sat close to him.

     Memories of those strange moments in the darkened theater haunted the
frightened little girl. She remembered the shadow behind her and how good he'd
made her feel. But in the theater was one thing. To be alone with him now was
something else completely!

     They were driving through the dark green of the trees by the river when
the man pulled a hard left turn and pulled behind a large, leafy stand of
trees. Looking around them, Betsy saw that there were no houses near and that
anyone passing on the road wouldn't be able to see them and she became more
frightened than ever!

     "What do you... Why did you make me come out here?" The trembling little
girl asked with a quaver in her voice. "I... I didn't do anything to you. Are
you going to hurt me?"

     The bald man made a growling sound in his throat, but he didn't look at
her. He sat very still staring at his hands as they gripped his steering wheel.
His silence frightened Betsy as much as his violent talk.

     At last the man let go of the wheel and turned to her.

     Betsy saw a wild, unreasoning light gleaming in the man's eyes.

     "All my life! All my life, dirty, seducing little girls have been around
me! I try not to see you, I try not to go to see those dirty movies, but I
can't stop it!" The big man's lips moved again but no sound came out.

     His eyes had dropped away from hers and Betsy was sure that she could feel
them crawling over her exposed legs and the rest of her tender body.

     "I wasn't trying to... I mean it was a mistake... I don't do things like
that all the time.      I was just..." There was no way for her to finish her
sentence. Betsy couldn't think of the words to explain what he'd seen, much
less the way that she'd reacted when he touched her in the dark like that.
"What...what are you going to do to me?"

     For the first time the man smiled and at the same time he reached out and
put an arm around Betsy's shaking shoulders. "I should kill you," the man
whispered in her ear. "But I won't! I'm weak and I want to... touch you and...
do things."

     His voice had softened and so had his expression and, for the first time
since he'd grabbed her in the alley, Betsy began to relax and catch a hold of
the fear that was raging and ringing inside of her.

     'I... You didn't have to be so rough," the litlle girl whispered, doing
her best to soothe the big man. "I might have... come with you if you'd asked
me, nice." Betsy saw the doubt in the big man's eyes and she hurried on.
"What's your name?      I'd really like to know."

     The hulking man smiled at her, then nodded his head as he patted her on
the knee. "My name is Rufus, Rufus Bailey...I'm sorry. I didn't mean to scare
you but when I meet a pretty girl like you, one who... does things, I get all
confused and..." He couldn't finish either, the big man shrugged helplessly and
smiled at Betsy again.

     The slim little girl returned the smile. She wasn't relaxed or calm yet
but her panic had died and the wild, unreasoning fear that she'd experienced
was fading rapidly. The pretty little girl boldly looked the big man up and
down and what she saw was exciting, in a scary sort of way.

     Rufus was big, but he wasn't fat. Each time that he moved, Betsy could see
his large, bulky muscles move and flex under his thin shirt and wash softened
jeans. He worked and, from the looks of his muscles and the deep tan that he
wore, the little girl guessed that he worked outside.

     She wasn't sure why she did it but there was something about the lost,
confused way that Rufus talked that appealed to Betsy. Boldly she reached out
and pressed her small hand against his bulging bicep.

     "I know how you feel," the pretty little girl whispered. "Sometimes I get
all confused about... things like that too." She hadn't meant to do it, but as
she whispered to the big man Betsy's eyes had dropped from his face, to the fly
of his jeans. When she saw his prick stir and jump under the near white denim,
a lovely, hot tingling sensation flamed back to life between her slender
thighs!

     "I... wouldn't have hurt you..." Rufus Bailey mumbled. He had his large
head down and Betsy couldn't see his face. But somehow the little girl knew
instinctively that he would have if she'd fought him. "It's just that you're
so... pretty and make me feel... nice!"

     He was getting a hard-on.

     Betsy stared in awed fascination as the outline of the bald man's huge
cock rose under his jeans and strained at the soft fabric! The little girl
suddenly felt calm and in control of herself. She gave the man a warm smile and
inched a little closer to him.

     "You... made me feel... nice during that movie. You made me... do it. Do
you understand what I mean?" Rufus' head was still down, but the pleased smile
on his thick lips was easy to see.

     Betsy felt like giggling but she held it back. She didn't want Rufus to
think that she was laughing at him.

     "You said that you brought me out here to... do things. Do you still want
to?" Betsy was shocked by her own boldness but the words were out of her mouth
before she could stop them.

     The big man lifted his head and stared at her. For a moment the pretty
little girl saw the flames of anger and frustration in his dull eyes, but
gradually the anger died and in its place she saw a shy, uncertain question.
She wasn't so afraid now. Betsy playfully pressed her bare knee against his,
"What were you going to do to me?"

     Rufus Bailey was confused. But he still knew his mind. The big man grinned
and pulled Betsy close with the arm that he'd already draped over her
shoulders.

     "I wanted to make you... make those sounds again," the big man admitted
shyly. "It made me feel good when you came like that. It made me feel like I
was doing the right things."

     She liked the feel of the big man's hands on her shoulder. Using the
feminine instincts that were born in her, she relaxed and let Rufus pull her
close to him. The balding man's other hand hovered over Betsy's bare legs and
the pretty little girl felt wild and careless when she caught it and boldly
pressed it up under her short little skirt.

     "You aren't supposed to scare girls," the slender child said in a low
voice. "You're supposed to be nice to them and touch them in places that make
them feel good."

     The big man stared at Betsy in mute surprise.

     His apparent helplessness made Betsy feel bolder and more sure of herself.
"I might like you... if you were nice to me. I could like you a lot if you
promised that you wouldn't hurt me or scare me."

     Betsy could hardly believe the words that were coming out of her mouth.
She stared at the big man apprehensively and waited to see what effect she was
having on him.

     "I... I never had a girl... I've hurt some little girls but I didn't want
to do it," the big man mumbled. Rufus hid his head and refused to look at
Betsy.

     "I get confused. I hear people say that what I want to do is bad and wrong
but... I like it! It makes me feel good but every time that I do things like
this I start thinking that I'm bad and I... hurt someone!"

     Betsy understood. He was voicing her own fears and confusion and she felt
protective and loving toward him.

     "I don't want to hurt anyone but when I think about how bad these things
are and how people tell me that I shouldn't do them, I don't know what to
do-and when I don't know what to do, I hit people!"
     Rufus looked up, he smiled shyly at Betsy and when his strong arm pulled
her closer she melted and allowed it. It thrilled the pretty little girl when
she pressed her hand against his powerful chest so that she could pull her face
back a few inches.

     "Have you ever kissed someone? I mean kissed them nice, so that they would
like it?"

     Rufus seemed surprised for a moment then he slowly shook his head. He'd
never considered trying that.

     Betsy didn't wait. The pretty little girl gently leaned forward and
pressed her lips against the big man's. For a moment Rufus began to tremble.
But then he stopped. Instead of grabbing her, the big man gently returned her
kiss.

     It all felt natural and reasonable. As they kissed, Betsy felt that lovely
warmth spring up between her slim thighs and when her hand dropped from his
chest the warmth turned into a searing flame.   It was so big!  Betsy's tummy
churned. She felt a warm trickle of love juice squirt out of her tight little
love sheath when her fingers traced the length and width of Rufus' bloated
hard-on.

     "Ooooohhhh, that's good," the balding man groaned. His fingers slid under
the open throat of Betsy's dress and gently pinched at the child's formative
nipples. "It's kinda big. Does it... scare you?"

     Betsy shivered and pressed closer to him.  Her fingers dug into the soft
material of his jeans and, after a moment's fumbling, she found the metal tab
of his zipper.

     "A lot of ladies get scared when they see my... thing," Rufus whispered.
Betsy could hear the confusion and apprehension in the big man's voice. "I
can't help it, that's the way that it grew."

     She'd been warned. But when Betsy finally managed to drag his zipper all
the way down and looked down into the big man's lap she thought that her heart
had stopped!

     "Oooooooooo, myyyyyy," the pretty little girl sighed as she stared at her
captor's incredible erection. The awed little girl's eyes crept from the thick,
white base of the man's cock up the gnarled, warty sides of the shaft to the
bloated, purple-hued head. "Ohhhhhhh, Mr. Rufus, it's... big," Betsy gasped.

     She was frightened. But this time her fright didn't paralyze her. Betsy's
small hand shook as she reached out and curled her fingers around the thick
shaft of the balding man's cock. The heat and the pulsation of his hot blood
shook Betsy and the pretty twelve-year-old groaned softly as she began to tug
and squeeze it.

     "Ooooohhhhh, pretty little girl,"the big man sighed as he pulled Betsy
closer to him. "I... like it when you do that to me."

     Betsy was trembling, her breath was coming harder and harder and she had
to fight to fill her small lungs with air.      Rufus' hand was high under her
skirt and she felt no shame or hesitancy when she pushed forward and carelessly
rammed her moist little love groove against his outstretched fingers.

     "Ummmmm, Mr. Rufus, that's... agggghhh!!"  It felt so nice! "Pull my
panties off, I want to feel you touching me all over!"

     The big man shuddered as if he'd been shocked. His strong fingers caught
the leg band of her filmy panties and before the slim little girl could protest
he jerked.

     They both heard the rasp of ripping cloth and Betsy's slim little body
jerked when she felt the cold afternoon air bathe her swollen cunt. Rufus
pulled again and the waist band of her panties parted. The little girl groaned
softly and lifted herself off the car seat long enough for the man to pull her
tattered underwear away, then eagerly pressed her puffy vulva down against his
fingers in a determined effort to drive one of them into her tingling, oozing
little love sheath.

     In just moments their combined excrement drove everything out their heads.
Betsy squealed long enough to grab a blanket before he scooped her up and
carried her away from the car.

     There was a cool, shadowy nook among the trees beside the river and the
big man chose that spot to spread his blanket. Betsy sighed and moaned happily
when the balding man gently placed her on the blanket and hurriedly stripped
away her loosened clothing. Betsy felt bold and shameless as she pressed a slim
little finger between the parted lips of her pussy and teased the stiffening
tip of her clitoris.

     Rufus groaned and smiled broadly as he watched the lovely little girl
masturbate for him. He watched the clear warm juiced dribble out of her pink
and red vaginal opening and groaned as his huge rammer stiffened even more. The
big man tore open the front of his pants and dropped them below his knees
before he knelt beside Betsy. He wore no underwear and his throbbing hard-on
snapped hard against his muscular belly while he reached high over his head and
jerked free of his clinging t-shirt.

     Betsy sighed and shivered as she stared at the man's big probe. The naked
little girl's dark eyes fastened on the thick, flanged knob of Rufus'
frightening dong.

     The pretty little girl shivered. She pressed her naked thighs tight around
her hand as she worked a finger in and out of her drooling slippery pussy. It
was so big and so hard looking that the girl felt her tummy contract in
anticipation. Betsy's eyes tore themselves away from the darkened glans and
slid like flowing oil down over the hard, rounded curves of the shaft.

     It's going in me, the quivering little girl whispered to herself. He's
going to lay on top of me and shove that big thing inside of me and I'll be
able to feel every hairy inch of that inside of my body!

     The thought was too much!  Betsy reached out and began to urgently jerk
and tug at the groaning man's exposed cock. The naked child could feel each
throbbing vein, the tips of her sensitive fingers worked downward over the
warts and the swollen contours of Rufus' tremendous probe and the thought of
actually taking it inside of her set off a small, rippling orgasm deep in her
cunny. But Betsy wasn't finished. The naked little girl knew that all that the
man would have to do was press the spade shaped head of his penis between the
pouting lips of her hairless slit and her delicious excitement would begin
again.

     "Oooooohhhhh, please, Mr. Rufus," Betsy moaned as she tugged at the man's
big rammer. "I need it, put it in me... Oooooooo. I need it!!"

     He was naked, his clothing lay crumpled on the green grass beside the
blanket.

     Betsy moaned when Rufus moved in between her splayed legs. The big man's
strong hands pried her thighs apart and pushed them back until they were almost
touching the blanket under her shoulders. The naked child gasped and wiggled
her trim little bottom when the head of the prick nuzzled deep into the open
throat of her vagina.   The slender child's muscles pulled taut. The tendons on
the backs of her slim thighs tightened until they looked like straining hawsers
as she fought to open herself and give the slick head of the invading pole as
soft and welcoming entry.

     "Ogggghhhh, Jesus!! Ohhhhh, little honey, you feel so tight and so hot,"
Rufus groaned happily as he carefully pressed his muscular body down on
Betsy's. "Tell me what to do. I... don't want to hurt you, not you, sweet baby,
not you!"

     The slim little twelve-year-old sighed and elevated her arched pelvis as
another incredibly thick inch of prick slid over the lubricated planes of her
cunt and entered her    And, as it advanced, it seemed to force the gusting
moans and gasps of pleasure that squirted out of her.

     "Unnnnggghhhh," the naked child moaned as her slim arms wrapped around
Rufus' neck and hugged him close while the big man slowly forced the full
length of his awful cock into her.

     Betsy groaned. The little girl felt the rough hairs of the man's thighs
scrape against her velvet smooth flesh and gasped when his muscular body
pressed her down against the blanket, pinning her and trapping her against the
earth by the river bank.

     The naked little girl mumbled. The words were indistinct and slurred. She
arched her slim body up from the wrinkled blanket and forced the stretched oval
of her gorged cunt tight against the base of Rufus' throbbing cock. The big man
snorted and thrust at Betsy, driving himself so deep inside of her that the
little girl half expected to feel the greasy head of his big prick come popping
out of her open, gasping mouth.

     They rocked and shook against each other.  Betsy's small fingers could
trace the powerful muscles in the bald man's back as he worked and pressed his
naked body against hers. Their legs locked and clung together. Betsy's small
body contorted and shook as pile driving thrust after thrust filled her. Each
time that the log like cock moved inside of her tight little love sheath the
child would moan. She could feel its gnarled shaft scrubbing and pressing
against her distended clitoris and it felt so good that she had to squeal and
frantically work her naked, sweaty little body up to meet his as he hovered
over her.

     "Awwwwuuuggghhhh, it hurts," Betsy moaned softly as she worked her
bubbling little pussy around and around the rigid staff of flesh that filled
her to overflowing. "But it hurts sooooo nice. Do it harder, Mr. Rufus.
Ooooohhh! All of it, put it all inside me like that!!"

     The balding man groaned and then he began to shake. Betsy whimpered and
slipped her slender thighs around his back and her pink heels banged hard
against his muscular back. "Ooooggghhh, little honey... owwwggghh!"

     The long, drawn-out groan of delight that rumbled out of Rufus shattered
what little composure Betsy still had. She gasped and shuddered when the
flexing, driving hose that filled her sent jet after gushing jet of lovely
thick cum into her tight little love sleeve. The naked little girl sighed.  She
could feel Rufus' goo spurting out of her choked cunt and come raining down on
the moving wiggling globes of her bottom.

     "Oooooooh... I'm... aaaaiiiee!" Betsy clung to him, kissing his neck and
nipping hard at his straining shoulder muscles while she hunched and squirmed
her way through a lovely, soul-bending orgasm.

     "You see," the pretty little brunette whispered happily as she bent over
the man's wilting prick and gave it a long, lingering kiss. "You don't have to
hurt anyone; you don't have to scare them, all you have to do is make them feel
as good as you make me feel and everything will be nice."

The End of part 8, continuing in part 9...

From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:17:13 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Usherette 09 of 13
Message-ID: <6187cc$102b31.da@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 21:43:49 GMT
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 471
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.acsu.buffalo.edu!csn!nntp-xfer-1.csn.net!magnus.acs.ohio-state.edu!math.ohio-state.edu!usc!chi-news.cic.net!nntp.coast.net!news-res.gsl.net!news.gsl.net!news.uoregon.edu!hunter.premier.net!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy

Usherette  Chapter 9

     Betsy couldn't keep from humming happily to herself as she twisted and
turned under the soothing sting of her shower. The naked little twelve-year-old
smiled and paused long enough to press the flat of her soapy palm against the
firm mound of her hairless sex.

     It was nice, the slender brunette whispered to herself. He's sooo big! I
though that he would tear me in half! Betsy shivered when her bruised vulva
began to tingle and grew warm in response to the pressure. Rufus hadn't torn
her in half. Betsy was amazed and a little awed when she realized how easily
her elastic little love sleeve had stretched to swallow all of Rufus' big cock.

    I shouldn't think like that, the little girl told herself. Hurriedly Betsy
turned off the shower and hopped out. I'm going to get into trouble. There's no
way that I can do what Mr. Simpson wants me to do and not get into trouble!
Betsy wished that she could sit down with her mother and tell her what had
happened, she needed someone to talk to, but she didn't dare tell Julia.

    Besides, she's in her room with, Dave. She doesn't care about what happens
to me! It hurt when she admitted it to herself, but Betsy realized it was the
truth. I never knew her, all this time and I never really knew my own mother!

     Betsy thought about the soft, vacant look she noticed in Julia's eyes
lately and she realized how her beautiful mother had let the house slide, how
she ignored everything but Mr. Dave Henry and his big, long cock! Part of the
girl understood, part of her knew what it was like to let herself be ruled by a
throbbing penis. But even then, she knew that it was dangerous and wrong.

    Betsy was looking in the mirror, combing her wet hair when the door to the
bathroom swung open. The lovely little girl saw a large, hairy hand push the
door. She squeaked as she dove sideways and grabbed a large towel! The pretty
little girl stood, wide-eyed, her slender body hid behind the towel when Dave
Henry stalked into her room.

     Betsy expected the handsome man to see her, mumble an apology and then
hurry out of the room, but he surprised and frightened her by doing exactly the
opposite.

    "Ohhhh? You finally came home, eh? Your mother called the theater earlier
and they told her that you left this afternoon." Dave Henry grinned at her and
leaned against the edge of the washbasin.

    For the first time, Betsy saw that all he wore was a pair of underwear
shorts.

     The handsome man caught the direction of the frightened little girl's
glance and grinned. He made no effort to hide the open fly of the shorts so
that she wouldn't be forced to look at his thick, dark pubic hair.

    "I think that it's time that you and I had a little talk, honey," the big
man murmured. When Dave pushed away from the sink and tried to stand upright,
Betsy saw him stagger slightly and realized that he'd been drinking. "Yeah, you
and I should get to know each other better!"

    He made no move to touch her but just the same Betsy could feel his hot
eyes burning through the towel that she held. She shivered as she waited.

    Dave grinned at her and scratched his belly. In the process, he managed to
push the waistband of his shorts even lower around his waist. "I've
sorta...moved in here. I'm paying the rent and most of the bills so I think
that you should know where I stand."

     Betsy hadn't realized how close the man was until he reached out and
caught the edge of her towel between his fingers. Before the startled little
girl could catch it, the grinning man jerked at the towel and left her standing
naked and defenseless before him!

     "Ooooo," Betsy breathed in a shocked little tone.  "I... don't look at me
like that!"

     Dave just grinned again and motioned for her to come to him.

     Betsy didn't want to do it, but the heated, fever-bright look in Dave's
eyes seemed to compel her and slowly the naked child moved close enough for the
man to catch her arm.

     "I like to look at you, honey, the handsome man sighed as he let his eyes
rove over her slim, glistening body. "That's part of our deal. Your poor mother
knows that she can't handle things alone, so she decided to let me take over."

     The handsome man's tone hardened and Betsy squealed softly when his strong
fingers closed around her arm.

     "That includes you! Whether Julia knows it or not! You go with the place,
honey, and the sooner you understand that, the better!"

     He didn't give her a chance. Before Betsy could respond to what was
happening the smiling man had drawn her up against his warm body and his free
hand was tilting her head upward. A fleshy pair of lips dosed over her own and
the naked twelve-year-old felt the newly awakened desires inside her flicker
back to life.

      "Please...Mother will...Oooooo!"  Betsy tried to push away from the warm
circle of Dave's strong arm but before she could the man's fingers found the
already stiff nub of her small nipple and pulled at it. The lovely pleasure
sensation that shot through her numbed the shaken little girl and left her soft
and pliant in the man's grip.

     Your mother? Don't worry about Julia, honey. I've got your mother under
control, you don't have to worry about what she'll do or say about us!"

     She heard the words, but Betsy still wasn't convinced. She tried to wiggle
free of the handsome man's grip while she shook her head. "Please, I'm afraid
of you. You're...too big, a man...I couldn't..."

     Betsy had no chance to finish her feeble protest.

    "You bet your ass I'm a man, baby!" Dave chuckled.  He took one of Betsy's
hands in his and boldly pressed it against the front of his shorts.

     The little girl heard herself sigh and felt her thighs begin to tremble.
She could feel the steel and gristle of his lovely prick stir under her palm.

     "You're still hung up about your mama, aren't you?" Dave laughed this
time. "Come with me. I'll show you how concerned your darling mama is about you
and what you're doing!"

     They were out the door and heading down the hallway toward her mother's
room before Betsy could even think of a protest. Dave made no effort to be
quiet or mask their approach to her mother's bedroom door.

     Betsy felt a wild, unreasoning surge of excitement burst through her veins
and knew that the delicate tissues of her sex were growing hot and filling with
the hot blood of excitement as she watched his hand turn the knob and push open
the door to her mother's bedroom.

    "Look at her! That's your mother," the drunken man whispered in Betsy's
ear. "Look at that sloppy cunt and see her for what she really is!"

     Betsy shook and trembled.  She tried to turn her eyes away from what she
saw but nothing, no impulse that she could call forward, could give her the
strength to ignore the scene that lay before her.

     Mama... Ohhhhh, my God Mama... the naked little girl moaned to herself.
Look what he's done to you...ohhhh, look what he's turned you into. Oooohh,
Julia, what am I going to do?

     Betsy felt as if she was staring deep into her worst night- mare. The
trembling little girl stared into her mother's darkened bedroom and settled
even deeper into the big man's embrace when her mind digested what she was
seeing.

     Julia lay sprawled on her rumpled bed. Betsy saw it all at once. No
obscene detail escaped her bright, seeking eye. The shaken little girl's mother
lay with her smooth, rounded thighs spread wide, her naked body glowed in the
light that streamed in through the open door.

     From the slow, even way that Julia breathed, Betsy knew that her mother
was sleeping. Despite the shock and embarrassment that Betsy felt, the lovely
child couldn't tear her gaze away from the lewd sight of her mother as she lay
sleeping contentedly while a thin trail of cum oozed out of her red and
abused-looking sex and out of the corner of her mouth at the same time!

     "Your mother sucks a mean cock," Dave Henry whispered softly in Betsy's
ear. "Can you do that? Can you suck on a hard dick until it gives you its hot,
slick juice to drink?"

     For the first time in her life Betsy hated herself! The lovely child
stared at her mother as she lay defiled and covered with the signs of her lewd
behavior and realized that she was jealous!

     A sudden and shocking truth invaded the little girl's mind and she
understood. Fucking wasn't so bad, it was the reason and the feeling that was
invoked that could make it bad and nasty. The loving was good, it was something
everyone needed. It was the hate and the shame that turned it bad!

     Betsy was still caught up in the wonder of her revelation and she made no
effort to escape when the big man beside her tightened his grip on her shoulder
and turned her away from the door.

     "If I pay the bills and take on the responsibility of this house, then I
get all the prizes too," the big man whispered in Betsy's ear.

     The lovely little brunette knew exactly what he was saying to her and as
awful and obscene as it was, she knew that it was the truth!

     "If I pay your way, baby, I have the right to use you any way that I
want!"

     Her tight little love sheath was already squirting thick dribbles of love
lube down over the fat, velvet-smooth lips of her baby cunt and Betsy was glad
that Dave had bent and picked her up because she was certain that she would
have collapsed on the floor if he hadn't.

     The door to her bedroom swung open and Dave didn't hesitate as he headed
for Betsy's bed. The lovely little girl knew it was wrong.      She knew that,
but the feel of the man's warm body, and the knowledge that soon she would feel
the hot, powerful surge of his erection filling her killed any shame and
resistance that might have grown up inside her.

     "Jesus but you're lovely." Dave-breathed softly as he knelt beside her bed
and stared at Betsy's slim, naked body. "I've never seen anyone so pretty..."

     Betsy didn't have to answer him, the beautiful little girl felt Dave's
lips moving down over her ribs and then to the velvet- smooth planes of her
gently rounded belly.

     Betsy gasped and dug her heels into the cover of her bed when she felt
Dave's wet tongue glide over her belly and then move down to the deliciously
sensitive spot where her slim thigh met and joined her body. The
twelve-year-old moaned, her fingers dug into the man's thick, curly hair and
pulled, dragging his lips closer to her glowing flesh.

     "Do you like me, honey? Do I turn you on?" Dave's questions burned and
clawed at her but Betsy couldn't make her lips respond and the words of
encouragement and agreement were caught deep inside her.

     She felt the hard rasp of his beard against her butter-soft inner thighs
and whimpered when she felt Mr. Henry's strong tongue slither between the folds
of her hairless slit and bathe the firm little knot of her clitoris in his warm
saliva.

     "Annnggghhh." The naked child sighed as she spread her slender,
just-washed thighs wide so that the man could burrow his head even deeper
between her thighs and fasten his lips around the small knob of her pleasure
button. "Awwwwuugh, yesss! Ohhh, Mr. Henry, you're the bossss, you can have
whatever you want!"

     She was on the trembling verge of her orgasm when the man pulled his
gleaming lips away from the soft flesh of her pussy and his hands gripped her
thighs. Betsy moaned unhappily and wiggled her naked body as she was roughly
turned over and a thick pillow was shoved beneath her churning belly.

     "That's right, baby," Dave Henry moaned as he pulled Betsy up to her hands
and knees. I'm the man! I'm the one who has to pay so I'm the one who takes
what he wants!"

     The naked child trembled and shook when she felt the handsome man move
behind her. He'd paused long enough to shuck off his shorts and now his naked,
pulsating prick lay nestled between the saucy, upturned cheeks of her firm
little ass.

     "Ohhhh," Betsy sighed. The lovely little girl shivered and pulled her
naked body into a fetal portion. She could feel the fat knob of Dave Henry's
member move up and down the crack of her splayed buttock cheeks. The head of
the penis was leaking and the lovely child could feel the path it took as Mr.
Henry's love lube cooled and dried on her flesh.

     The taut head of the prick hesitated for a split second at the puckered
little opening of her anus. Betsy gasped and shuddered when she felt its heated
pressure. Then, when the lovely little twelve-year-old was about to moan with
fear, the threatening knob moved on and forced its way between the tight folds
of her pussy and found its already open mouth.

     "Unnnngggg," Betsy moaned softly as she was drawn back to meet the panting
man's stiff probe. The pretty little child gasped and wiggled her slim hips,
helping the long pole of meat glide over the thick flow of love juice that was
squirting out of her and fill the aching void inside her trembling belly. "That
feels nice, Mr...Dave. I...love it!"

     Dave Henry's strong arms tightened around her and the palms of his big
hands closed over the glowing, sensitive buds of Betsy's budding little tits.

     When Betsy whispered to him the delighted little brunette felt his hardon
twitch and grow even larger, pulling the open oval of her small sex even wider
in order that she could accept even more of him.

     "You're tight," the handsome man moaned in Betsy's ear. "You feel slick
and tight! Who opened you up, baby? I was sure you'd be a virgin. Who popped
your cherry and taught you how to fuck, little girl?"

     His questions embarrassed and excited Betsy at the same time. She knew she
could never tell him, but when she thought about the others, those other big,
throbbing cocks that had opened her before, a delightful ripple of pleasure
raced through her, leaving her tingling from head to toe!

     "I know one place where no one else has been," Dave muttered in her ear.
For a moment Betsy didn't know what he was saying to her, but when one of his
warm hands left a breast and pressed down between their bodies, she knew what
he meant!

     The hard little cheeks of Betsy's ass were pried apart. The naked little
girl twitched and a small moan of anticipation leaked out of her open mouth.

     "No one has had a cock in your fight little asshole, have they? No one has
ever felt this small, brown Twinkie suck tight around them, have they, you
greedy little cunt?"

     "Ooooo, you're hurting me," Betsy squealed softly when the man's stiff
finger, wet in her own juices, popped past her tight sphincter and began to
wiggle in the pulsating grip of her rectum. "Noooooo, no one ever did that to
me...unnnngggghhhh!!"

             She knew, the moment that she heard Dave Henry chuckle and
        felt his long, piston smooth cock buck in her belly, Betsy knew
      what he was going to do to her!  Obscene, frightening and exciting
      memories how her mother looked as she bucked and squealed under the
      pressure of this man's big cock assaulted her and Betsy didn't know
                   if she wanted to scream or beg for mercy!

             Betsy moaned and shook. The naked little girl desperately
      clamped down on the fat cock that was moving inside of her.  If she
       could make him cum now she wouldn't have to let him...do that to
                                     her!

            But the big man was in complete control of the situation. He
       groaned as the child's tight sheath pulled and milked at his big
             cock, but he gave no sign that he couldn't hold back.

           Betsy's last hope died when she felt another fat finger force
        its way into her and lay wriggling beside the other in the hot,
                    sucking grip of her forbidden asshole!

           "I want your cherry, honey," Dave grated in Betsy's ear.  "I'm
      going to fuck your tight little and you're going to yell but you'll
                                   love it!"

           There was nothing she could do, Betsy knew it.  Cold, numbing
      fear immobilized her and the naked little girl couldn't resist when
      she felt Dave slowly begin to pull his thick wedge of flesh out of
      her clinging, silken pussy.  A finger tip found, then pressed hard
        against her tiny clitoris as the big tube of flesh left her and
              Betsy was reduced to a shuddering, moaning orgasm.
           "Uhuuuuuooo, don't...please, you'll hurt me," Betsy managed to
      whisper as the lube slick head of Dave's big prick slid up and down
      between the firm little cheeks of her ass, wetting and lubricating
                                  the crease.
            "Shhhhhh, don't worry," Dave hissed in her ear.  At the same
       moment the man's finger began a wobbling, circular motion around
                                her stiff clit.
     The little girl gasped and wiggled, helpless in the grip of her animal
pleasures.

     "I won't hurt you too much. Just relax, baby, and let it happen! You're
going to learn to love my cock in your ass!!"

     A core-deep shudder grew up in Betsy when the frightened little girl felt
the greasy knob of Dave Henry's cock find the place where his fingers twisted
and pulled inside of her. The fingers pulled away, leaving her wrinkled little
rosebud feeling stretched and empty, almost longing to feel his frightening
pole fill that new emptiness that she felt.

     "Ohhhhhh, pretty little baby," Dave moaned as he pressed his muscular
man's body against her.

     Betsy felt the hair on his chest brush against the sharp planes of her
shoulder blades and sighed when she felt his scratchy pubic hairs scrub against
the moon shaped cheeks of her bottom.

     "Awwwuuuggghhhh," the naked little girl groaned when the lube- coated head
of Dave's prick found the center of her ass and pressed in. The lovely child's
toes splayed wide, her supple back arched but she didn't try to escape the
pressure.

     Betsy shivered, she could feel the delicate flesh of her anal passage give
under the pressure of the cock that was trying to force entrance.

     "Owwwwww," the naked child moaned softly, as she wriggled and shook under
the implacable force of Dave's cock.

     "Relax, honey," the handsome man whispered in her ear before he kissed it.
"It's going to be good. I can feel it. It's going to be wonderful!"

     "Oooooggghhh, it...hurts," Betsy moaned in response as the slippery cock
moved forward a fraction of an inch and forced the puckered oval of her virgin
anus to part. "Awwwwwuuuuuggghhh, ooooohhhh, Mr. Dave!!"

     She felt torn and violated when the mushroom shaped head of her mother's
lover's prick oozed out past the weakened muscle of her sphincter and dipped
its taut head in the hot, moist mystery of her rectal canal.

     "Aaaaaaggghhh!!! Oooooo, my god!!" She couldn't believe what was
happening! Betsy shook and twisted as the awful penetration was completed. The
naked little girl wanted to pull away from the cock, but when she moved forward
the man's finger would press hard against her clit and she couldn't stop
herself as she rammed her stuffed, smarting ass back to meet the post of meat
that was filling her.

     "Ooooo, baby! It's good," Dave moaned in Betsy's ear.

     The lovely little girl whispered and muttered as her slim thighs were
forced open and another two fat inches of cock were sent into the moist,
clinging grip of her virginal rectum.

     Betsy could feel the flanged head of the man's big prick as it slowly
forced its way into her. The naked little girl whimpered and shook.     A long
string of muttered, mumbled words squirted out of her open mouth as Dave
Henry's bloated cock filled her. Betsy lost all ability to resist.

     "Ooooohhhh, it hurts," the lovely child moaned as she slowly revolved her
slim, boyish hips and made the burning ring of her tight anus slip and kiss
around the awful girth of the invader that filled her ass. "Unnnnnggghhhhh,
Dave... ohhhh!!"

     It was terrible and disgusting but no matter how hard she tried to ignore
what was happening inside of her, the lovely little girl could feel a small
glowing coal of pleasure ignite amid the pain.

     Dave groaned happily as he felt Betsy's tight little ass pucker close
around him. His strong fingers moved up and down her curved spine. The fingers
found the little girl's sensitive nerve endings and secret places, leaving her
gasping and writhing with desire as they passed.

     The massive cock in her bottom thrust again and Betsy knew that she had it
all because Dave's big balls were resting heavily against the pouting, empty
lips of her sex. The lovely twelve-year-old's muscles pulled taut and she
rocked backward, helping her tormentor make his fleshy probe squirm and twist
in her ravaged anus.

     "I've got you," Dave muttered as he pulled back, dragging a few inches of
his lube slick prick out of the frantic grip of Betsy's glowing anal passage.
"I can feel you! I know that you like it and I'm going to see to it that you
get all the cock that you need!!"

     It was dirty and mean, but Betsy loved it! The naked child shivered and
forced her bottom to dance and wiggle around the fat prick that had opened her.
Dave's voice sounded harsh and exciting in her ear as he pressed forward again.
Betsy felt the prick fill her and groaned as the sickeningly sweet surge of
perverted pleasure washed through her.

     "Think of it! You and your mother! I'll fuck the shit out of both of you.
She loved it, kid. Did you hear me? Your mother loves my cock.  She'll do what
I tell her because she won't get any more if she doesn't!!"

     Betsy was gasping and jerking. The pain had faded and all she could feel
was the hot, liquid feel of the man's big dong as it sluiced in and out of her
clinging rectum.

     "I could make her take care of you. Would you like that, baby? How would
you like it if I had her in here right now and she was sucking that wet little
pussy of yours?"

     Betsy gasped. Her heart stopped beating and she felt the hot surge of lust
bite and nibble at her enlarged, pebble-hard clitoris. The shaken little girl
imagined her lovely mother with her head between her splayed thighs and came!!

     "Oooooo!!! I...aaaaaaiiiiieeeeee!!" Betsy just couldn't stand it. Deep in
the back of her mind she knew that she couldn't let it happen, but the image of
her mother's soft lips pulling and kissing her pussy inflamed her and she
surrendered to the lovely ripples of her orgasm. "Unnnnggghhhh don't say
that... that's... awwwwuuugghhhh!!"

     Dave's pace had picked up. Betsy squealed and shook as his lubricated cock
shoved in and out of her. Then the naked child felt the prick in her guts
stiffen and then jerk. A warm gushing sensation filled Betsy and the delighted
little girl felt her mother's lover send the hot flush of his hairy balls deep
into her bowels.

     "Ooooowwwwwwaaaaaiiiieeee!!!" The animal scream of pleasure tore itself
out of her as Betsy lay pinned by the heaving thrusting pressure of the cock.
The lovely child felt herself filled with thick, greasy cum and ignored the
pain as she worked her fight anal sheath up and down on Dave's beautiful cock!!

     He could do it, Betsy told herself dazedly. He could make mama crawl down
in the bed and suck me!! She tried not to let herself think about Grace and the
wonderful feel of her mouth.    No! I can't let it happen. I couldn't live with
that!!

     But despite her thoughts, Betsy's imagination ran ahead of her and even as
she jogged and wiggled on the end of Dave Henry's wilting prick she knew I've
got to leave! I can't stay here, not with them!

     She knew that she had to leave, but even so, the lovely little girl's
mouth opened and she heard her voice in the strained stillness of her bedroom.
"Can you get it hard again? Please, Mr. Dave, get it hard and do that to me
again and again!!"

The End of part 9, continuing in part 10...







From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:14:24 1996
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
From: jonboy@anonimous.net (Jonboy)
Subject: Usherette 13 of 13
Message-ID: <6187cc$102eb.36b@news.thepoint.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Jun 1996 21:46:11 GMT
X-Newsreader: WinVN 0.99.7
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 140
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.tc.cornell.edu!newsserver.sdsc.edu!news.cerf.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-200.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-11.sprintlink.net!tezcat.com!imci5!pull-feed.internetmci.com!news.internetMCI.com!newsfeed.internetmci.com!uunet!inXS.uu.net!news.thepoint.net!not-for-mail

Warning:  The following file contains adult material.
If you are offended by such material, or if you are
underage, or if it is illegal for to have such material
discontinue file access immediately.  The events
and characters depicted in this material are fiction.
Any parallels to people living or dead is purely
coincidental.

I did not write this.  This is a story I have greatly
appreciated.  I hope you do too. -Jonboy


Usherette  Chapter 13

     It was bewildering. Things had happened so fast that she wasn't sure what
was happening! Betsy sat very still in the large chair in Juvenile Court.
Looking up, the little girl saw that the judge was looking at her. The old
man's eyes flashed behind his rimless glasses and, before they dropped away
from her face and slowly traveled down her slender body, he smiled at her.

     "The uhhhh, situation at the theater is now under control?"

     The judge's question sparked memories in Betsy's mind. The slim
twelve-year-old fidgeted in her chair and was forced to put her hand up in
front of her face when she remembered the look of shock and surprise on Mr.
Simpson's face when she opened the side door and let the police into the
Majestic!

     "Yes, your honor," Jim Richards said with a smile. "All of the suspects
were taken in and several of the patrons were arrested for lewd behavior." A
tiny giggle tried to slip out of her mouth and Betsy had to nip hard at her
knuckle to keep from laughing. They were all taken in all right! She remembered
that one fat man, the one who'd been behind the screen with poor Kathy. He'd
tried to run with his pants down at his ankles and had tripped, falling right
through the screen! I told them, Betsy told herself happily. I knew that I'd
get them, all of them!!

     "Then all that remains is the matter of what to do with this young lady."
The judge smiled at her again and Betsy returned the smile.     She could see
that special look in his eyes and thought she knew what his solution would be
if he had his way!

     "Yes sir, I have the papers here. They have all been signed and
witnessed." Jim paused and looked at Betsy.

     The look that passed between them made the little girl shiver with
pleasure.       Betsy's tight love sheath twisted and she could feel a fresh
dew of moisture seep out of her and wet the dainty crotch piece of her new
panties.

     "...and that being the case it is our suggestion that the petition to make
Betsy Morrison a ward of Sergeant and Mrs. Richards be granted," the judge
read. The old man paused for a moment then nodded his head. "Petition granted."

     The judge turned his attention to Betsy. The look in his eyes made her
even wetter.

     "Young lady, you are now the ward of the Richards' family. Do you
understand that?"

     "Yes sir," Betsy said, nodding. But the little girl was smiling. He's
looking up my skirt...I wonder if he can see enough to get him hard?

     "Good, you're under their care and supervision. Listen to them and be a
good little girl," the man said. Betsy nodded again and then smiled as she
parted her thighs slightly, giving him a clear view of her plump little love
mound.

     Jim was nervous. He had avoided looking at her as he drove. When they
turned down the street to his house he shook his head and muttered to himself.
"I am crazy, this is going to be a wild thing!  Do you know what could happen
if anyone finds out about us? What do you think will happen if Molly finds
out?"

     Betsy thought about her new "mother." Molly Richards was a pretty, dark
haired little woman with a large, friendly smile.       She didn't want to hurt
her.

     "I... I don't know what would happen," Betsy murmured.

     Jim snorted and pulled the car into the garage. Before Betsy could say
anything else he got out and shut the garage door, leaving the little girl
sitting.

     "Molly is downtown, shopping," the handsome, graying man said as he got
back in the car. "I know it's crazy but...I want you, right here and now!"

     A warm flow of happiness filled Betsy. She understood him now. As long as
he wanted her she was sure that she was safe.

     The slender little girl edged closer to the man and whispered. "I'll get
my new dress all wrinkled."

     Jim shook his head impatiently and pulled her up on his lap.

     "I don't care. I bought the dress and I can buy more of them," he growled
as he hauled the dress up and began to slip Betsy's panties down over her
knees.

     The lovely twelve-year-old sighed. She sat facing away from him enjoying
the feel of his warm hands on her naked buttocks. Then Betsy heard the whisper
of a zipper and moaned with anticipa- tion when she felt the steel of her new
father's big cock press in between her cheeks and find the slick mouth of her
cunt.

     "Ooooooo, daddy," Betsy groaned as she was entered from the rear. "Ohhhhh,
I love it when you fuck me, I love it!!"

     Jim groaned and trembled, his hips began to lift and surge. His swollen
cock made wet sticky sounds in the delicious flow of the little girl's love
juice.

     They were so engrossed with their lovemaking that neither of them saw the
connecting door to the house open and a small brunette step into the darkened
garage.

     Oh good Christ! Jim!!" They both froze in mid-stroke. Betsy's eyes bulged
out of her head when she found herself face to face with Molly! The lovely
little girl felt so foolish, so nasty sitting there staring at the shocked
housewife while she was perched on the woman's husband's throbbing cock!

     "Ohhhhh, noooo," Jim groaned. The graying policeman was so shocked that he
made no move to lift Betsy off his prick. "Molly, I...I don't know what to
say!!"

     Each passing second seemed like a year and Betsy felt panic building up in
her as she stared at Molly Richards.

     "Well, you might at least invite me to join you," the pretty housewife
purred as she slipped into the car beside them. Betsy gasped as she saw the
small brunette's hand slip between her splayed thighs and felt practiced
fingers lightly pinch at her still rigid clit!!

     "I think this is a pretty cramped place to do it, but I suppose we can
manage" Molly whispered as she slipped her finger into Betsy's cunt, letting it
lay along side her husband's hard cock. "At least we can manage it this time,
but after this we fuck in the bed!!"

The End.










