uSu - united States underground                         By:Mind Bender

                 fedz, why they suck, and how to avoid them    


        Yes, why all know that fedz suck, they ruin fun, they make life 
miserable for anyonw who doesn't SUCK!  That's just the basics.  The also  
suck because they couldn't solve a crime without all their high tech shit.
This file is saying that the fedz as a group and stupid and suck, not that
each indivisual fed is stupid.  There must be at least some smart fedz, but
not enough to make any kind of difference. 

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


        The fedz are very stupid, there are only 3 reasons fedz ever catch 
people.

        1. All their high-tech shit
        2. right place-right time
        3. reports from people


                        1.

        Encyclopedia Brown could catch more people than the fedz if the fedz
didn't have all this high tech shit :).  All this fingerprint dusting, call
tracing, etc.  Without there gadgets, they can't do anything.

                        2.

        If a fed is on patrol and he happens to see a robbery.  He drives
as fast as the fedmobile can go and catches the guy.  This is luck.  

                        3.

        Reports, like when someone calls and goes, somebody's in my house!

------------------------------------------------------------------------------


        TO AVOID FEDZ


        1. before commiting a crime, think what high-tech gadgets they could
use and then try to come up with ways to make it so the gadgets will be 
useless, like to avoid call tracing you would use a payphone and be quick.
or to avoid fingerprints you would use gloves.  This part requires some 
thought.

        2.  When a fed sees you by sheer luck, you have got some problems,
it helps if you have a mask, so they can't identify you.  Also don't use a  
car, because fedz have cars that can go very fast, and have better suspension
not to mention other things.

        3.  After someone sees you, or a fed, if you know, run, leave town
lose or gain a few pounds and shave your head.  You could also make yourself
look different when you commit the crime(before-hand preperation). Then make
yourself look normal again.  Like die your hair, lose or gain pounds, get a
stick on tatto and remove it. Get some lenses for your eyes.  Put makeup on
so you look like you have a scar.  Limp, whatever, you have to be a good 
actor to do some of these things.


        I hope that helps, cya and look for more uSu releases soon.
                                                -Mind Bender

