             ZARAH - A personal fantasy

                        I.  At the Nightclub

     I had only recently started dating a woman named Brenda whom I'd met at a
party.  This was a compact gal, in real good shape physically, chestnut-haired
with an acerbic sense of humor I really dug.  She's a feisty, feminist-type
(with a great physique, by the way), who enjoyed being in charge of things.  I
myself am fairly easy-going, so I didn't mind being dictated to, at least, if I
could count on some good times in bed eventually!
     She called me one afternoon and said she wanted to visit a certain club
that evening.  She asked me if I wanted to join her.
     "There's a weird woman there who does a psychic kind of act," she informed
me.  "A couple of my friends have been several times, and they really rave
about this stuff."
     The "club" turned out to be well out of town, in a nice suburban shopping
strip, with a small, inexpensive marquee reading:  "All this month:  Marvelous
Mentalist Madame Mesmere!"  Inside were bar, tables, and a small stage at one
end, on which the act was already progressing.
     "Madame Mesmere" was a small, somewhat sharp-featured exotic face with
dark, wide-set eyes and full but controlled mouth, set atop a nice figure only
half-hidden by a long silken garment which closed at the neck.  There was a
complete self-assurance about this woman.  It seemed more than just performer's
chutzpah.  Every gesture, every nuance of her voice lent authority and power to
this small figure.
     She was having her "victims" act like rock stars, take off their shoes
without realizing it, and all the other standard stage hypnotic stunts.  I was
still enthralled, even through the corny routines.  I had seen a lot of movies
and read a lot about hypnotism, but I'd never actually been in there "in the
flesh."   I'll explain more about my preoccupation later.
     After some tacky spoon-bending stuff, the lights were lowered further, and
a "volunteer" from the audience, a middle-aged woman with a very respectable
figure, was enlisted by the performer to aid in "a mystifying presentation of
true telepathy."  This woman gave her name, "Lily," in a timid voice, but I
figured her to be an assistant planted in the audience.  I was wrong.
     Lily stood with her back to the audience, and "Madame" proceeded to
hypnotize her.  She spoke softly to the "subject" for a short while, and took
both Lily's hands in her own palms.  Then her voice and personality suddenly
became quite firm and commanding, as she gazed intently at Lily.  She rocked
slightly sideways, back and forth in front of her and spoke aloud:
     "Lily, you see nothing, hear nothing, feel nothing outside of the two of
us now," she intoned in a deep, gentle voice.  "Watch me now, see only me  ...
that's it, and now you can just let yourself go, rocking  ...  swaying  ...
you find you are rooted to the floor  ...  now just a few more seconds  ...
there we go, Lily, now sway ver-r-ry gently now left  ...  now right  ...  now
left  ...  right  ...   close your eyes now, dear  ...  they're so-o-o heavy
...  left  ...  right  ...  " and so forth.
     As her stream of suggestions droned on and on, I noticed with a small
start that I had been swaying myself!  I was instantly breathing hard, my face
was hot with embarrassment, but I couldn't remove my eyes from Lily's pliant
form.  Back in the safe darkness of the audience, I felt secure from view or
ridicule.  The phenomenon of hypnotism has always had a very strong sexual
connotation for me.
     As the subject's sway grew more pronounced, "Madame" stepped closer, and
spoke in a voice only the woman could hear.  Very soon Lily's hands were
straight down at her sides, and her head had lolled backward till her face
pointed up at the ceiling.  A chair was quickly pushed up behind her knees,
which buckled gently, and Madame guided her backward into the seat.
     With a few more theatrical passes and firmer commands, Madame Mesmere
swiveled Lily around till she faced outwards into the audience.  Lily's face
was placid, eyes closed, head upright now, and her hands rested along the chair
arms.  One hand slipped off and dropped toward the floor like a stone.  It hung
there until Madame returned it to position.
     A mind-reading bit followed, with the robotic voice of Lily giving answers
to questions on cards passed up from the audience.  The mental act concluded,
the show came to an end.  I had been so caught up in my own reverie I actually
remember very little of the mind-reading, but "Madame Mesmere" had made a
definite impression on me.  As the house lights came up, I noticed several
other patrons shaking themselves loose from a daze.  One or two were still
slumped over in their chairs!
     "The power of the mind is limitless," intoned Mesmere, looking outwards at
the audience, "the power to control, or to give up control  ...  to give up all
control  ...  but now we should all feel alert and brisk as we leave our cocoon
and rejoin the outside world.  I know you're all fully awake now!"  and she
gave a couple sharp handclaps into the microphone, and left the stage, to
scattered applause.
     After the show, I finally paid attention to Brenda again.  I learned that
she thought she had "gone under" during the program, and still felt somewhat
woozy.  I worried that there were residual effects, and contacted the stage
manager.  We were given directions to the woman's dressing room, and made our
way backstage then and there.
     "Madame Mesmere" had a very comfortable suite for such a small club.  The
woman turned out to be just as imposing offstage as on.  Her direct gaze seemed
to penetrate all disguises and pretexts.  She introduced herself to us as
"Zarah."
     I explained on my date's behalf, as she had become (unusually) tongue-
tied.  Brenda was quite flushed, I might say, and as she leaned briefly against
the door jamb to Zarah's room, I noticed that her breathing was hurried.   Our
eyes flicked nervously around the backstage suite.
     The room contained a wide lounge chair, more like a sofa, and seated upon
it was Lily, the woman from the recent performance.   Next to her slumped a
rather thin blond girl.  They were obviously still entranced, for the thin
girl's frizzy head was laid on Lily's shoulder, eyes tightly closed, while the
lovely, rather dark-set eyes of the older woman were blinking rather slowly and
regularly in a languid manner.  Neither acknowledged our entrance at all.
     Speaking to us, Zarah said:  "As you can see, Brenda, the phenomenon you
now experience is not unusual.  Unexpected strong responses to my technique
come to my attention often.  I was just in the process of clearing these good
ladies of all residual effects, and if you will wait a moment outside, I will
attend to you as well, my dear girl."  My date nodded, and turned to leave.
     Zarah's voice was very flexible, and there was a depth and smoothness to
her speech that I found very appealing.  As she spoke I was struck by the
absolute directness and frankness of her gaze.I knew somehow that, as I stood
before her, she was assessing me!  She came to some decision quickly.
     "Go on now, James, isn't it?"  she commanded.  "You may return in a few
moments."
     As we were retreating, I caught a startling glimpse in the corner of the
dressing-room mirror.  Zarah had moved to stand behind the sofa.  She brushed
her hands down the blonde's face and neck, and I swear I saw them slide
momentarily down the front of her sweater!  As the door closed behind us, I was
more flustered than Brenda, who seemed oblivious to the scene.  Had she missed
the reflection?  She must have, and I suddenly decided not to mention it.
Zarah had treated Brenda almost as a child, and my ordinarily prickly-pear date
had not even batted an eyelid!
     After a short while, the door opened, and the two ladies emerged.  Lily
nowseemed quite vivacious, and sparkling, while the thin girl lowered her face,
and muttered an embarrassed "Excuse me," as they left the theater.  I watched
them leave, wishing I could have that power, to have women offer themselves up
to me, helpless to resist.  I was suddenly quite horny.
     While I had been woolgathering, daydreaming about brushing my hands all
over a hypnotized woman, Brenda had hurried back inside, closing the door.
After a few moments, I got up enough courage to poke my head inside.  The women
had apparently retired to the rear of the suite, and I crept inside, breathless
with anticipation.  I was not disappointed.  I heard the hypnotist's "stage
voice" intoning continuously in the back room.
     "Of course there is no embarrassment or shame in being susceptible to
hypnosis  ...  it's so natural and helpful, really  ...  you know many people
around the country find that as they listen closely to my voice, they can
understand their feelings much better, just as you can now, can't you Brenda?
Can't you my dear?"
     There was a soft murmur in response.
     "You may speak up, Brenda  ...  how do you feel just now  ...  just now?"
     "I'm not sure  ...  it's unusual  ...  sort of dreamy  ...  everything's
far away  ...  "
     "Yes, everything will recede far, far away for you  ...  you can hear me
and see me with your deeper awareness, while you send your upper layers off far
...  farther and farther  ...  you'll find now that it's very easy to keep
looking into my eyes right here, Brenda  ...  far-r-r away to some lovely,
floaty drifting place  ...  especially the eyes, Brenda  ...  you are fixated
on my glance, I see, your body feels light as a feather, wrapping you now in a
downy, drowsy trance state  ...  deeper and deeper as you gaze  ...  deeper
under my control  ...  "
     I peeked around the door.  They stood almost toe-to-toe.  Zarah's
forefingers massaged my date's temples, running lightly but firmly now and
again down her jawline and back upwards.  As she talked to Brenda her fingers
concentrated their circling feathery touch around her brows and eyelids, which
were blinking slowly now.
     "You're responding perfectly now, Brenda.  Now let yourself be aware of
just that la-a-ast little bit of resistance in your eyelids  ...  that la-a-ast
tiny bit of tension as your eyelids feel so-o-o-o intolerably heavy  ...  oh
yes, I see they are hot and flushed as they want to close  ...  you will lo-o-
o-ove this experience, my dear.  I know how go-o-od it feels to give up all
control, your heavy, heavy eyelids are so-o-o leaden as you respond only to me
Brenda  ...  feel them burn now?  Yes-s-s  ...  ever so heavy!  ...  they are
watering and burning  ...  watering and burning so-o-o-o  badly  ...  you feel
that any second they must close down softly and drowsily, Brenda  ...   you
love drifting and floating  ...  so impossibly heavy aren't they?  ...  you may
begin to yield now  ...  go a-a-allll the way down."
     Brenda was clearly making no effort to resist the other's instructions.
Her breathing was uneven and shallow, her cheekbones glistened with moisture
from watering eyes which now fluttered and blinked rapidly.  The mentalist
stroked her temples just over the ears.  Each light stroke seemed to pull my
date's head forwards into the intense gaze of Madame Mesmere.
     Now Brenda's body jerked a little, then swayed from the ankles suddenly
towards the hypnotist, who quickly kept her upright merely by holding one
finger against Brenda's forehead.  The eyes closed, and a shuddering sigh told
me that the trance was now complete.
     "Wait there rooted to the floor now, my dear,"  was the next command,
given in a louder voice.  Think nothing, hear nothing, dream nothing until I
address you again.  You see I can have you remain standing straight and tall
without falling.  Go deeper and deeper  ...  deeper and deeper automatically
...  obey me, Brenda  ...  you may safely obey me completely!"
     Madame quickly turned her head, and she saw me before I could retreat.
Watching Brenda hypnotized close up had given me a bulging hard-on, and as the
mesmerist came to join me in the front room, I held my coat in front of me.
     "I've encountered voyeurs before, but none so fetching as you!" were her
first surprising words to me.    Looking me up and down (I fancy she approved,
as I've never been called wanting in the masculine looks department), she
turned and walked towards the sofa, beckoning me to follow.
     "I really think I should go  ...  we should go  ...  we drove here
together  ...  " I mumbled unconvincingly.  My face burned in embarrassment.
     Mesmere chuckled.  "There's more to this than you are letting on  ...
James, isn't it?  I find that little talents are appealing to many men, yes,
and women too  ...  some think it strange  ...  "  and her left hand found its
way suddenly under my coat, brushing against my still-erect penis through my
pants!  The assault made me gasp, I stepped backwards, and would have fallen if
the hypnotist's other hand had not grasped me strongly by the lapel and held me
up.
     "I'd better set you straight on a couple of important points," she
murmured, extracting her hand smoothly.  "I have extensive experience in all
forms of trance and trance induction, James," she said.  "I offer everything
from public demonstrations in hospitals and psychology departments to rather
...  specialized personal consultations.  I can see confusion and not a little
embarrassment in you  ...  tell me now, what's this," and she looked pointedly
at my lap, then back up straight at my face, "what's this all about?"
     "  ...  I  ... "   No coherency yet, but I soon found myself speaking
frankly to her.  I know now that I had already surrendered some of my personal
control to Zarah, but at the time I found it surprisingly easy to confide in
her, quite quickly!
     I have had a fascination with the phenomenon of hypnosis since some
incident in very early age, and find that the sight of a person undergoing
trance has a strong sexual effect on me  ...  I don't know why.  I know that I
watched movies in which people were spellbound with almost religious ecstasy.
As I spoke, Madame held onto my arm, and sat me back on the sofa, as if I were
handicapped.  She nodded warmly to me.
     What power she suddenly projected!  The full force of her personality was
staggering.  I had really forgotten all about my "date," so self-absorbed was I
at that moment.  Of course, the mentalist was experienced at reading faces.
     "Hypnosis is a type of seduction, James," she nodded, "especially in my
life too!  ...  but I use it solely for my own pleasure.  Observing the
mechanisms of control and submission, those are my passions  ...  and they are
very strong passions for me indeed  ...  as I see they are to you, though you
hadn't known until this  ...  very  ...  moment  ...  Control, and  ...  deep,
deep submission  ...  yes  ...  submission  ...  those who can respond quickly
and very deeply truly are gifted  ...  that's right, James, it's a very special
gift, you know  ...   to be able to surrender control  ...  to relax and submit
...  to submit to firm, gentle control ..."
     I was suddenly aware that I had not blinked in several minutes, and was
sitting way back in my chair.  I shook my head slowly to try and clear the
cobwebs I felt forming.  Zarah gave a small friendly smile.  Defensively, I
blurted out that I felt uneasy in the dressing room, when anyone could come in
and see us, but I know my demurrer was half-hearted at best.  She gave a small,
friendly smile, and reached out to take my coat from off my lap.  As she hung
it over her chair, she continued her spiel.
     "Your masculine instinct to assert domination is naturally strong, yet
there is a yielding side even in the most aggressive,"  Zarah said.  "Usually
in my various tour cities, I observe people like you in my audience during a
performance.  I may keep up a ... personal contact with the most  ...
rewarding  ...  prospects.  I often arrange  ...  how shall I call it  ...
small private 'seances' in my hotel suite, or in their homes.  Many of my hosts
are glad to invite me back  ...  although some are not truly aware of why they
have done so."  Her gaze burned me yet again, and I felt my cock respond with a
surprising surge.  I must have blushed.  She changed the subject abruptly.
     "You don't know Brenda yet, do you?  I mean know her intimately, as an
erotic being?  She arouses you, I can see that  ...  but you and I are already
very intimate ourselves, aren't we?  The two of you seem alike in a curious way
...   very well-favored in face and physique, but perhaps a shyness, and a
self-centered nature  ...  Well, if we are to know each other better, you will
soon find yourself abandoning such confining attitudes."
     She nodded, still gazing right at me, and I found my head nodding its
agreement.  Really, I was had almost stopped paying attention to her words, her
voice was so warm!  It deepened more now, as if it were coming through a
tunnel.  Her unblinking gaze seemed to pass right through my body.  Her eyes
had lost their focus, and looked right through me, as if into infinite reaches
beyond.
     "Submission is just the alternate side of dominance, James, just like Yin
and Yang.  I respect man's need for both; indeed, I often attend submission
rituals to which I give my own self-ness up.  You might eventually see this
other side of me, which would give me pleasure, but right now, I prefer being
in charge.  You and lovely Brenda need to learn these sides of yourselves
better, and I, James  ...  well, I am perfect in the teacher's role  ...
perfect for you  ...  I know you'll enjoy your revelations  ...  and I'm never
wrong  ...  never  ...  ."
     As these words flowed on and on, there seemed to be a woolly sort of buzz
in my ears, which shut out other sounds.  In the heavy silence, I became
partially aware that I hadn't moved in what seemed like hours!  I didn't even
think of moving, I felt so lazy.  Had she been talking for a short time, or
forever?  I felt comfortable and lethargic, yet more sexually aroused than
before.  Curiously, I felt that my sexuality need no longer be concealed  ...
even in front of a stranger.
     The outside world of the nightclub sounds now slowly drifted back into my
awareness.  Zarah nodded at me.  And Brenda was now standing right by my sofa,
apparently still asleep!  When had she come in?
     "James  ...  stay perfectly still for a few moments  ...  that's right,
just stay in your chair, so comfy, isn't it?"  came a warm, deep voice, as if
from a distance, yet at the same time right inside my head!  I remained seated,
unconcerned now with any outside events, as the hypnotist moved over beside
Brenda, and began murmuring softly right into her ear.  My date's eyes were
tightly shut, and her head nodded to the words.
     "I'm sure I can promise that a new world of unexpected pleasure and
gratification will soon be open to you,"  said Zarah to me.  "When you take
Brenda home, you will participate in an interesting demonstration she will show
you.  Don't take advantage of her tonight, though, will you  James?"
     My head shook in agreement, as if by its own accord.
     "Just accept what happens for now, and we'll talk at greater length later
...  Brenda, kneel down right here, now."  Miss Feminine Equality dropped
instantly to her knees, eyes still closed, at the command.
     "James, your body is motionless, but I know that you're very aroused,"
spoke the hypnotist.  "Brenda, I want to awaken some very very deep senses in
you now.  I want you to lean forward, and smell something very special.  You
will shortly take in a very powerful and special scent."  She gently pushed
Brenda's head towards my lap, and continued:
     "Inhale, hold it in, exhale  ...  again  ...  and again now.  Hold in that
smell, live that wonderful odor, let it penetrate you to your deepest, deepest
core.  Go on, Brenda, deeeep, deeeep breaths now  ...  it's a very powerful
musk that James exudes, isn't it?"  Brenda nodded quickly, still on her knees
next to me.  Her breathing seemed very loud all at once.  The  irresistible
voice droned on:
     "James, you are so horny, now!  What a powerful looking bundle you have
there, and such a strong odor too.  So unnatural to keep it confined so very
tightly  ...  let it out, please.  You must be bursting  ...  yes you look
about to burst!  You'll find you can quickly move your hands now.  Hurry, unzip
it, let it pop right out  ...  there you go  ...   my my!" she said, as my
fingers flew to do her bidding.  "What a lovely erection!  It looks so tingly
now, is it tingly and aroused, James?  Yess-s-s-s it's tingling, I see it's
throbbing quite strongly!  Just look at it quiver and try to stand up even
stiffer now  ...  stiffer  ...  stiffer and stiffer, James!  Brenda is in
heaven with the strong smell of your musk as you now become even more aroused.
I love to see a beautiful naked penis like yours pulsing, pulsing right up into
the air, straight up in the air, it shows how very responsive and free you have
become to me, in just a short time!  I will touch it now, and you may then
release your semen."
     Zarah pushed Brenda's face even closer to my erection.  The girl was
inhaling, and releasing each breath with an audible sigh.  Her torso trembled
slightly.  She leaned forward, and I jolted as her nose touched my shaft!  Go
on, I heard in my innermost thoughts, I must, the urge is strong  ...  let it
come now, I want to let it all go!
     Zarah's soft hand touched my cock, tickled the glans and rubbed lightly
over its length, as I threw my head back, and held my breath.  The electric
feel of orgasm quickly overtook me.  A few more touches, and she left my organ
jerking into mid-air.
     "Tingling  ...  tingling and burning  ...  burning and pumping, pumping
...  there it comes pumping out now!"  chanted the hypnotist.
       I felt the hot liquid burning me, forcing its way up, up my shaft  ...
surging up  ...  surging and now shooting out and up, onto the floor, dribbling
back down my slimy shaft, flowing out and over my hardness, pulse after hot
pulse.
     My heaving chest finally stilled.  I knew I was almost laying back across
the couch, but I felt as if I would never want to move again  ...  I was that
drained!  Brenda had left the room while Zarah helped me clean myself off as my
dick slowly shrunk under her knowing gaze.  She zipped me up, held my chin, and
burned through me again with those eyes.  The most blissfull warmth surged into
my head from her fingers resting in easy possession of my very being.
     "My, James, what a powerful ejaculation you possess!  I envy the recipient
of such a strong, burning jet of lust and love  ...  "  I smiled sleepily and
sighed in blissful release.  She tugged at my hands suddenly now.  "All right,
you may come right out of your chair now, out of your trance and up, back
completely with us now.  Up you come, here you come, James  ...  there!  Feels
good, doesn't it?  Why don't you just wait outside for a minute, and you may
drop Brenda off at her apartment.  It's great to feel so completely alert now
...  off you go!"
     I couldn't speak, my shock and amazement at my exhibition was so profound.
I dutifully left and waited at a nightclub table, ordering a milkshake, which I
greedily gulped down.
     When Brenda emerged after about fifteen minutes, she seemed as animated as
had the woman earlier.  She chattered gaily away as we took a cab to her
apartment.
     "You know, I think I was a little sucked in by that show this evening,
Jim," she mused.  "I'm glad we got that lady to bring me back to my senses!
Damn, how did it get to be so late?  I've got an early class tomorrow.  Just
drop me off at the apartment, okay?  I better sleep it off."
     She seemed as stand-offish as ever, giving no signals that I should put
the moves on her.  She had clearly no memory of the events in the dressing
room.  The cab arrived, and she asked me to see her to the door.
     Inside her foyer, she had tilted her head towards me for a kiss, when I
saw it hit her.  Her eyes glazed suddenly, and her voice thickened.  "James, I
feel so tingly all of a sudden  ...  whoo!"  As our lips met, her tongue
surprised me by thrusting its way into my mouth.  The kiss lasted and lasted,
her breath coming quicker, and then:
     "There, that's for being so understanding, and this  ...  and this  ...  "
her voice stopped, and she dropped to her knees in front of me, her eyes
closed.  She rubbed her face against the renewed lump in my trousers, inhaled
deeply, and sighed.  Her voice became higher and more girlish.
     "This is your  ...  cock, isn't it  ...  your thick, long cock  ...  it
feels so-o-o hard and smells so-o-o-o good  ...  Jimmy, I wish I could suck it
...  slurp it right into my mouth now  ...  "
     She burrowed her nose into my crotch again.  Her voice was muffled as she
seemed to want to climb right into my underwear.  "O-o-ooh  ...  I'm hungry for
it, Jimmy  ...  it could sli-i-i-de right in  ...  right between my lips  ...
"  Another deep inhalation.  "I wish I could feel it spurt into me  ...
spurting and spurting  ...  it would make me co-o-o-ome  ...  "  her voice
trailed off into quick panting, then silence.
     She gulped convulsively, and with a final nuzzle, she stood up, shivered,
and seemed to snap out it a quickly as she had went under.  She tossed me a
dizzy smile, and opened the elevator door.
     "Well, thanks again  ...  see you around!  Maybe I'll buzz you next
weekend, okay?"
     Without a backward look, she left me, throbbing there in the lobby.  The
taxi driver probably noticed me panting like a dog, and left me to my own
bemused reverie.  Needless to say when I reached my apartment, it took just a
few tortured seconds until my penis, truly hard, was spurting a burning load
over my bathroom floor.  I slept fitfully that night, to say the least.  My
imagination worked overtime, as did my right hand.  Thank God for Jergen's
Lotion - the next morning, my room smelled like a cherry!  I was so wrung out,
I took the day off from work.


                          Zarah - part II - Zarah's Office

     Several days passed while I tried to digest what had happened to me that
night.  I had been excited almost out of my mind, and this much intensity had
to have a reason.  I was bewildered, and questioned my masculinity.  I felt as
if I were a real sicko to get that turned on by someone else's helplessness ...
and even worse when I remembered my own willingness to give up self-control!
     And through it all, the calm, intense face of Zarah remained in my mind as
if it had been burned there.
     I felt angry, that I had been taken advantage of, and finally I summoned
the nerve to visit the nightclub again, this time without Brenda.
     I arrived about at the end of Zarah's last show, and sent word backstage.
My heart lurched again when the waitress led me back to that dressing room.
Zarah was alone, this time in her street clothes.  I felt almost physically ill
with emotion.
     "James, come in, please!" urged Zarah in a concerned tone.  "You are very
pale ... is something wrong?"
     Still, I couldn't speak, I was so afraid that communication would begin to
reforge that bond between us again.  I hung my head in fear and shame, and did
not meet her eyes.
     She handled it masterfully, rummaging around in her room, chatting idly to
me about her audiences, packing up some things into drawers and cases, until
she saw that I had recovered somewhat.
     "James," she began again, "you know that nothing can be mended until the
damage has been examined.  I feel sure I know the source of some of your
discomfort, but my time tonight is short, and I think you're not quite ready
yet.  Why not visit me at my office tomorrow evening about 5:30?"
     She handed me a card which read

     ZARAH BRADFORD, PHD
     CONSULTANT

     and the address of a local motel.  She looked at me intently for a moment,
and said,
     "I have a suite there when I am residing in this city ... Yes, I think
tomorrow at 5:30 will be perfect, we can spend some time together then.  Please
be prompt, won't you?"  and ushered me outside.  I saw her watching my car as I
drove away, and I shivered, I don't know exactly why.
     I drove to the luxury motel listed on the card at the appointed time the
next day.  I felt calmer now that I had seen her again.  Zarah's suite had a
small plaque on the door bearing only the cryptic legend "Consultant."
     I was a little early for my meeting.  As I walked around the building to
the secluded entryway, I was brought up short by the sight of a stunning, red-
haired woman leaving.  She seemed quite flushed, radiant, I might say, and as I
approached, she leaned briefly against the wall, and my gaze fastened upon her
clothing.  I had a quick view of a very well-filled t-shirt, and I lowered my
gaze to catch a glimpse of her butt ... I am a real ass connoisseur.  I was
rewarded (and amused) by the sight of lavender panties showing well above the
waistline of her trim jeans.  Her side zipper was open at least halfway down
its length, revealing more lavender.
     The woman straightened her clothing, flashed me a "drop-dead, buddy"
smile, then brushed right past me and turned the corner.  I hurried after her
to check her rear elevation once again, and was sneaking a peek around the
building, when I heard a soft voice behind me.
     "You must be James, yes?  Come on inside, please, we're on rather a tight
schedule tonight!"
     The slightly British accent belonged to a petite brunette dressed in
something white like a nurse's uniform.  Her gaze was bright and direct, and
she dazzled me with a 500-watt smile.
     As we entered the suite, she introduced herself as the office assistant
Katherine.
     "Zarah is waiting for you, James!"
     My glance swept across the outer motel room as we entered.  Looking
around, I noticed several bits of paraphernalia like a spiral disk machine, a
light bulb on a metronome, a crystal ball on a stand and a small shelf of books
on the subject of hypnosis.
     The "consultant" herself waited behind a large desk, and waved me to a
chair.  The setting was calculated to soothe, and I felt myself settle into the
large chair opposite Zarah, prepared to state my case with authority and
confidence.
     "Madame ... er, Doctor ... ."  What a joke!  I started out with a stumble
over her name!  She looked different in this "office" setting, and yet ... that
face!  Those eyes!  I felt confidence drain away.  And now she spoke.
     "James, wait for just a moment now ... just compose yourself ... we just
can't communicate while you're in this state ... I think I can help you ...
just look here ... that's it, right here  ... " and her direct gaze drew my own
eyes to hers.  She widened those magnificent orbs slightly.
     The sounds of the room seemed to shut themselves off as if there were a
volume control turned down somewhere.  I felt so calm!  I sank back into my
chair, and let myself take a deep breath.  Was she still talking?  Who cared?
Those eyes were so calm, so knowing ... I closed my eyes for just a moment ...
a long moment ...
     "There, that's much better!"  Her voice faded back into focus as she
continued:  "You are NOT entranced, James, but I know you'll find it easier to
speak frankly now."
     I smiled and nodded in response.  Everything she said just seemed so
right!  My head wasn't at all "wooly" as it had felt the other night!  My
thoughts seemed to sparkle with clarity.
     She proceeded to grill me politely.  I realize now that my strange
succession of violent emotions had left me off-balance, and Zarah was using
this confusion to elicit very personal and honest talk from me on very short
acquaintance.
     "James, I think I can sum up your fundamental questions about me, and
about your own needs,"  she said, finally.  "The simple term for me is
dominatrix.  You've heard that before, no?"
     I nodded, surprised at her blunt honesty.
     "As I said to you the other evening, I enjoy my abilities to dominate and
control others who are receptive to my influence.  I also enjoy taking the
other, submissive and obedient role occasionally!
     "Now you are discovering that the prospect of giving up self-control is
exciting to you.  You're not used to these emotions, because your life and
career have depended on structure and calculated control.  This does NOT mean
that you are less of a male, or less of a complete human ... in fact, I think
your experience will be richer for your acknowledgement!"  She smiled warmly at
me.
     "Your ability to surrender control frightens you, but only because it has
come as a surprise.  With more practice and insight, your self-awareness will
not feel unwholesome, but will be a rewarding and maturing process!"
     I nodded.  This all seemed very logical and true.  She chuckled.
     "James, you are so very responsive to me that I think you have allowed
yourself to go into trance without realizing it, haven't you?"
     Why, I thought, so I had!  How amusing!  How strange!  I tried to speak,
but my voice was husky all of a sudden.
     "I think ... I think you're ... right ... "
     "James," came the firm voice of command, "I will not allow you to turn
yourself into a slave!  I don't believe in any type of slavery!  Now look at me
closely, and listen with the very depth of your being!"
     I guess I leaned forward towards her glowing face, and nodded.  Every
sound now took on a crystal clarity and importance as her voice penetrated
every fiber of me!
     "There will come a time, sooner or later, when you know that you are in
complete control of your OWN self, your own maturity.  You will find it easy to
break loose from my or anyone else's influence whenever you know it is right
that you do so ... you can USE me and my knowledge to grow into a more complete
person."  She paused a moment, and lowered her gaze deliberately. "While you
CHOOSE to be my subject, I will show you new levels of sexual fulfillment.
Trance states are liberating as well as confining."
     "Liberating ... yes ... " I heard myself say.
     "James, your quick and trusting responsiveness is very stimulating to me,
my dear!  I am attracted to you physically, and your particular turn-on is
quite unusual.  Men like you don't come my way often!  I do receive pleasure
from command, but it is a responsibility as well!"  She sighed, and swivelled
her chair away.  Instantly, I felt the "chain" break between us.  I shifted
position and cleared my throat.
     "You're going through a lot just now, but I know you welcome sexual
pleasure almost any time!"  she said over her shoulder.  "You like to 'peep,'
we both know that!  Now if you wish, you may observe my next visitor from the
back room, but you may make no sound to disturb us until I give you leave to
come in!  Go now, and sit quietly just inside the door."
     Of course I hurried to obey.  I found a chair and pulled it over to a
crack in the door, in time to see Katherine usher in a thin, nervous-faced
girl.
     "Here's Penny to see you, Doctor,"  she trilled, and sat herself down over
in a back corner of the"office."
     "Hello, Dr. Bradford," said Penny hurriedly. "I'm glad that you could
schedule an appointment tonight on such short notice."
     "It was no trouble at all, dear," replied Zarah. "I often take some
evening sessions."
     Penelope chattered on with a few complaints about boyfriend trouble, and,
I gathered, some early childhood references, and Zarah responded quite calmly.
In fact, over a very short time, Penelope's voice lost its abrasive quality,
and her herky-jerky gestures slowed noticeably.  I could see Zarah's influence
over this woman was quite strong.
     "Penny, let's sit ourselves down and shake out some of that tension, shall
we?"  Zarah took Penny's hands into her own, and my heightened perceptions
picked up something in the woman's body language that told me that she was
already responding to Zarah's influence.  Her darting gaze now rested more
calmly on Zarah's strong face, and in a lowered voice she assented.
     Zarah continued,"I'm glad you feel that this is a relaxing place you can
come to shake out of these dark moods.  You are obviously feeling more relaxed
just standing here.  Most of my clients shake off these tensions very quickly
... you feel better now, don't you dear?  Shall we move over to our work area
now."
     Hand in hand, the two women took slow steps towards a low padded stool.
My penis was already riding up hard inside my trousers.  Penelope was under
Zarah's control already!  She sat slowly down on the stool, and Zarah knelt
down smoothly in front of her.
     "Penny, just watch me for a few more moments ... yes, just for a few more
long moments ... watch me a little longer, dear ..." as her voice quickly
assumed a lower, seductive purr ..."while I help you with your tensions.  Watch
me carefully, Penny ... very carefully ... that's right, dear, I can feel your
fingers gaining warmth as those arms get calm, relaxed and heavy ... very
heavy, aren't they?  Do you feel that weight?  You do, my dear Penny, you feel
that very heavy weight in your arms.  You can feeel that heaviness just now,
Penelope ..."
     Penny nodded slowly.  Her eyes were unblinking.  I was very hard, and my
hand found the lump in my trousers quickly.  I touched myself delicately as I
glued my eyes on Penny.
     "You've done the right thing, my girl ... you arrived here at the very
time I suggested to you last week ... you don't remember my suggestion, do
you?"
     " ...  no ... I can't remember ... everything's fuzzy!"
     "Yes, fuzzy and warm ... you're a very good girl, aren't you, Penny?"
Another slow nod. "Of course you are.  I promised you some excitement and
fulfillment last week, and we'll have a wonderful time tonight.  Ready,
darling?  You can sink right into my gaze now, Penny, just let it a-a-a-l-l go,
and fa-a-a-ll right in as you've learned to do so very well ... so very heavy
those arms, Penny, I'll drop them to your sides now ... just let their weight
hang very lo-o-o-osely down there, they are hanging down, down, down, so heavy
you just can't move them at all..."
     Penny's unblinking eyes were fixed on Zarah's face.  White showed all
round the pupils, and her hands immediately dropped straight down to her sides.
Their faces were close together now.  Zarah held Penny's chin gently. Her voice
crooned and stroked.
     "You are fa-a-a-l-l-ling right into me now ... falling and floating ...
fa-a-a-l-l-ling and flo-o-o-o-oating ... . floating right into your trance now
... your eyes are open, and you see nothing ... and there you go ..."  and her
voice faded softly into a profound silence.
     Penny's body leaned forward on her stool, almost touching Zarah's.  Her
lips were parted slightly, and her breathing seemed very noisy in the hush.
Zarah now held their two faces apart with just an index finger on the woman's
forehead.
     "Close your eyelids now, take three deep breaths, and enjoy that blissful
feeling of complete submission to me.  Yes, Penny, you are mine for a while
tonight!"
     God, I was aroused, I pulled my rock-hard prick out of my pants, just in
time to let it spurt out violently against the door.  My face felt red-hot, and
I gave an involuntary grunt as the wonderful tingle subsided.  When I had
cleared up the goo, I felt so hot, I crept backward from the door, and washed
my face in the bathroom sink!
     Catching my breath, I returned to the door, to see that Zarah had left
Penny perched on her stool.  Katherine had taken a stance behind the subject,
and her fingers now rotated the girl's temples, and stroked through her frizzy
hair.  A blissful smile played over Penny's lips now.  Katherine saw me at the
door, and actually tossed me a wink!  She turned to Zarah, now seated at her
desk, and said, ignoring Penny:
     "He's cleaned himself up, Doctor!"
     "James, Penny sees and hears nothing but me ... you may come back in now,"
said Zarah.  I edged inside, and waited at the door.
     "Penny, I wish now that you'll briefly and honestly recapitulate your
reasons for being one of my clients."
     Penny said: "I'd heard about some mysterious parties from a girl friend of
mine, who raved about you.  I've had many personal problems in life meeting and
getting to know men, and I can't seem to hold up my end of any relationship,
especially ... in ... bed ..."  She actually blushed, and Katherine again
stroked her head briefly.
     "And in the four sessions we have had together Penny, how much you paid or
given me?"
     "I haven't paid you anything, mistress!  You turned down my present that
one time, too."
     "Yes, darling Penny, we both do what we do for our pleasure and
fulfillment!  and now Penny, now comes pleasure time!"  chanted Zarah, whose
face had taken on a slight flush. "Stand up."
     The girl rose smoothly to her feet, eyes still closed.
     "I will that you disrobe before me."
     The girl's hands flew immediately to her buttons, zippers and clasps, and
within a minute stood over the small heap of her clothing.  She seemed
completely at ease in her nudity.  Her pale skin showed few blemishes, just a
smattering of freckles on her shoulders, and over the upper side of her small
bosom.  Her body was softened in contour, and showed a small but definite bulge
around the midriff.  Most people would never have displayed their nakedness so
readily in the harsh light of a strange room.
     "I will give you some literature about physical fitness later, Penny,"
Zarah said. "You will read it, and you will soon find yourself inspired to
begin a modest program of exercise for yourself.  Do you understand?"
     Penelope's head lowered in assent.
     "Good.  I just love your beautiful body, my darling!" Zarah lowered her
voice, and stepped directly next to the sleeping girl.
     "I wish to observe all of you very intimately now  You will move your feet
apart and stand straight and tall for me.  That's it, stepping farther apart
... farther ... perfect.  Now breathe slowly and deeply ten times.  As you
exhale you will say:  'I obey my mistress.'  Each breath and repitition deepens
my control.  As you feel all resistance evaporate, your two arms will become
weightless.  They will float right up into the air no matter how you try to
keep them down.  They will float freely.  You will love the feeling that you
have no control over them.  Begin your count."
     A long inhalation, then Penny's voice: "I will obey my mistress ... I will
obey my mistress ... I will obey ..."
     Zarah and her assistant moved around the girl, feasting their eyes on her
most secret places.  Soon one arm, then the other, jerked, shivered, and rose
up until they both hung in mid-air, drifting back and forth slightly.  This
pulled up and tautened Penny's breasts somewhat.  Zarah moved her face right
next to the torso, and breathed in Penny's scent from her underarms, then
brushed her lips with a feather-light touch along the outside of one pale
breast.  The girl seemed oblivious as she finished her chant and stood waiting,
head drooping towards her chest now, arms in mid-air.
     Katherine's small face was flushed now too.  She knelt, and drew her own
cheek across Penny's buttocks, again and again.  Her own eyes were closed, and
I noticed a pursing of her pretty little mouth as she too inhaled of the
sleeping girl's intimate scents.
     "Tell me what you feel, dear," ordered the hypnotist.
     "I must obey you, mistress."
     I watched Katherine cover a recliner chair with some towels, and Penny was
now told to sit down.  She was soon lying back.  I was erect again inside my
trousers.  I moved closer to the scene, but was forestalled by Zarah.
     "Penny, darling, open your eyes now."
     The blond head nodded slowly.  With obvious labor, the girl blinked her
eyes open.  Her placid face stared up at the ceiling, with a small smile on
relaxed lips.
     "You will lie here, and soon you become drowsy.  You will feel so
deliciously drowsy that your eyes will close, and you will soon enter a very
deep sleep, do you understand?  A true sleep."
     "A chime will sound, and you will begin to enter a very exciting dream,
all to yourself.  This dream arouses you  ...  it's a sexy dream, a very sexy
dream, and it lasts and lasts.  The first stage is slow, as your unconscious
will provide you with stimulating pictures and situations.  You'll be so hot
and flushed!  You will feel those first pleasurable flutterings of sexual
arousal  ...
     "The next chime will strengthen your dreamy sexual heat, your mind will
give you strongly arousing sensations and pictures.  Your body can move only a
little now.  You'll feel your ankles magically pulling apart, separating,
pulling your lovely legs right apart, until the ankles are hooked, stuck tight
to the outer sides of the chair.  The ankles will stick tight, tight, tight.
     "As you feel your thighs part and lock themselves open, you will be able
to talk about your dream aloud, Penny."
     Another slow nod.
     "Beautiful, my dear, you will obey me perfectly.  Finally, our last chime
will provoke your dream to its height.  You will shortly feel a real touch
then, Penny.  This will release your deep sexual tensions, your longing,
yearning for release from the heights of excitement.  Yes, of course you will,
when you feel the touch ... the touch  ...  then at last you can drowse and
sleep again, sleep deeply and restfully until I awaken you, feeling rested and
refreshed.  Tell me you understand, and you will then obey."
     "I understand, mistress."
     Penny's next actions excited me still more.  She blinked and squinted her
eyes, yawned prodigiously, and with a sigh, turned her head to one side.  Soon
her body gave a sleep "jerk," and a very cute little snore began puttering
through her nose.  Her jaw fell open slightly.
     I studied her face and watched the eyeballs roll upwards into her head
through her closed eyelids.  I was hard as a rock, and moved very close to her
face, but Zarah stopped me shortly with a finger snap.  I knelt back and
watched.
     Kathy sounded a little bell on the desk.  Soon, the eyeballs jiggled, and
began to flicker in the REM motions of the dreamer.  Penny sighed, sighed
again, and the corner of her mouth twitched.  Suddenly, her lips puckered, and
the tip of her tongue protruded.  Once, twice, and twice more it stuck out and
retreated.  It was tightly curled, and the girl sighed again, this time with a
low murmur.  Her cheekbones flushed, and I actually watched a mist of
perspiration form on her upper lip.  The eyeballs were moving all over now
beneath tight lids, and Penny's breathing caught and quickened.  One hand
curled, and made a repetitive cupping and stroking motion, half in the air.
     I was startled when she suddenly muttered to herself.  Her knees were
turned off to one side, but their muscles twitched and a heavy, slow contortion
cycle began.  The knees slid along each other, back and forth.  The glistening
tongue wet her mouth, which opened and delivered a long, deepening kiss onto
the air.  I wished it was me!
     The next chime brought forth a gasp from the naked girl.  I watched her
tits jiggle, and her tongue make a long licking motion.  Penny inhaled deeply
through her nose, and muttered "ni-i-ice  ...  so ni-i-i-i.."  the voice
trailed away, and with a groan, her head stiffened on its extended neck.  I
looked down.  One knee was lifting, and turning outward from the other.  The
sleeper's hands clutched at the armrest, and it seemed she was trying to resist
her dream, but slowly, inch by inch her feet crept outwards, until her heels
dropped over the edges of the footrest.
     I felt myself nearing orgasm, but a sharp flick on my neck from Zarah
acted like a douse of cold water on my fevered genitals.  I moved my face very
close to the twitching form, and watched the belly muscles clench and loosen.
     A little voice just above me made a cooing sound, and a very young Penny
spoke:  "O-o-o-o, I want to lick it again, Bobby  ...  come up here so I can
lick and suck it!  Want to close my legs, but they're stuck, n-n-ngh.."
     I studied her thigh muscles as they clenched mightily, with the buttocks,
and the knees tried to pull inwards, but of course lost the fight against
Zarah's command.  Again and again Penny tried to close up,  and she begged
"Bobby" to "please rub me there again with that thing  ...  that's it ... up
and dowwwn ... oooh, it feels so hot!"  I realized that  she was undergoing
some form of vision involving a boy she knew.
     "Let me close, oh please, Bobby!  I'm so-o-o horny!  I'm very horny,  I
can't get them closed,  I'm so open, I'm wider open, wider, wi-ii  ...  " her
voice trailed off, and I breathed in great clouds of fragrance from her
distended pussy.  She no longer tried to close, but her butt muscles continued
their unceasing clenching.  They raised and lowered her beautiful slickened
flower slightly into the air, their petals protruded well past the dark blond
hairs now, they were indeed an angry red color.
     "I'm wide, wide, wider open for you now," gasped the voice hoarsely, bring
it there, tickle me with it  ...  a- a-h-h-h  ...  tha-a-a-t's  so-o-o  go-o-o-
od  ...  so-o-o good!  You're gonna Sli-i-i-ide it ... sli-i-i-ide it deep
inside, sliding right up inside me  ...  ooooohhh, do it slo-o-o-owly  ...
that's it  ...  torture me  ...  torture  ...  "
     As she babbled on to her dream lover, I actually saw little squirts of
liquid like saliva dribble out along her pussy lips!  A dark purple clitoris
was stone-hard and begging to be sucked.  It demanded sucking!
     "I fe-e-e-el it, honey, I fe-e-e-ellll  it," crooned the subject.  Her
inner thighs had begun a cycle of very slight vibration, like a tiny wave of
quivers.  This happened again and again.  The towel beneath her clenching
pelvis was dark with moisture.  Her voice came again, it was almost a whimper.
     "I gotta come, lover ... I'm so-o-o ready!  I want to come now!  I can't
wait, do it, do it!"
     I stared fixedly at Zarah, and received a gesture of approval.  I pushed
my face right up in between those glistening buttock muscles.  I inhaled
deeply, then flicked softly at her little button with my tongue.  The reaction
was instantaneous.  Something hot squirted onto my chin, and the hips froze
above the chair, locked in an amorous rigor, a paralysis of ecstasy.
     Another flick, and another squirt.  Penny was hoarse, gasping aloud "I'm
wider and wider, wider and wider, wi-i-i-i-i-ia-a-a-a-- n-n---ngh!"
     The vulva spurted again, and the thighs snapped shut.  Penny's suddenly-
freed heels drummed on the footrest, and she drew her pelvis upward, till my
mouth was directly planted on her clit.  I slurped on it loudly, and felt it
throbbing, throbbing, throbbing, as she quaked in her sleep, and cried with
pleasure.
     My dick was quivering.  Zarah pulled me up and away from the girl, now
flushed but quiet again.
     "James, you must go home right now.  I think you've seen enough for
tonight.  When you get into bed tonight, you will masturbate, of course?  Yes,
you will have to masturbate, and you'll find now that you can reach your orgasm
simply to the sound of my voice in your memory ... urging you to release your
powerful juicy pump, just as you did at the theater.  Yes, you'd better get
home and release all that burning, bursting tension.  Drive safely, enjoy
yourself ... and return here tomorrow night about eight."
     I immediately thanked Zarah for the experience.  As I left the suite, I
saw Katherine lifting Penny's knees apart, and draping them over the arms of
her recliner.  Oh, man, I was hard as iron again!
     It was about ten when I arrived home.  No TV ... no toothbrush ... no
mixed drink ... I just dropped my clothes on my way upstairs to my bed.  I sank
back naked onto the sheets, and just lay there.  I found myself studying my own
organ as it bulged up into the air.  Each knob and vein stood out along the
shaft.  Tingles and hot vibrations washed up and down its purpling length, as
it jerked and twitched before my eyes.
     I didn't touch it at all, but found myself "pretending" to be controlled
by Zarah.  Each time I heard the Voice say "clench," I let my cock tighten,
then relax.  I contracted my ass a few times, then gave in to all the
stimulation I'd received.
     I was so ready, so ready to come!  I was closer to the "point" ... closer
... the jerking had stopped, and I stuck up into the air ... waiting ...
staring at my cock and waiting ...
     And now I was over!  I no longer had the ability to hold back.  I heard
Zarah say clearly: "James, you feel hot lava rising up your length ... up ...
up ... hold yourself back one last instant ... up it comes ... up ... up ... up
... now watch closely as your cock spurts helplessly!  Spurt and come!"
     And there it came!  One pearly blob dribbled down from my opening, then a
large ropy thread of white hot liquid shot out.  Drops landed on my upper arm
as it lay clenched at my side.  They felt scalding.  Another jet, then I felt
myself actually swoon as more dribbles of semen pooled onto my belly and pubic
hairs.  My limbs shuddered but I felt I couldn't move them an inch, and I think
I cried a little, the sensation was so powerful!
     My gasping soon slowed and deepened.  I felt warm.  I tingled.  I felt
Zarah's influence lulling me, soothing me.  My penis sank towards my belly.
With each pulse, it jerked lower and lower.  Aftershocks still caused me to
clench myself, but as my eyes still stared at my relaxing cock, I felt them
droop.  I imagined hearing the command to become drowsy, and I let myself
murmur "Yes, Mistress," and immediately felt my eyelids swell and begin to
burn.  I found myself testing Zarah's control over me as I strained to hold
them open.  God, how they stung!  They squinted, they blinked, and now they
closed inexorably.  Sleep overtook me like a dark, comfortable tidal wave, and
I gave in to it with a last blissful sigh.
     Mary and Alice
     On my return next evening, I felt no more hesitancy.  I sat back in my
chair at the desk, and simply announced that I was Zarah's for the taking.
     "May I watch you some more?  I'll do whatever you say!"
     The woman toyed with a pencil, then met my earnest gaze.
     "I know you will, James," she said, calmly.  "You came for me last night,
didn't you?"
     I nodded.
     "Something about you excites me," came the surprising response.  "I shall
have you in many ways, and you shall have me ... but not for a while, yet!
Still, you may observe me, in silence, this evening."  I took a chair in a
dimly-lit corner of the room.  I was told to hold a yellow legal pad, and
pretend as if I were taking notes.
     "Quite soon, you'll find you can drop the pretense, James," said Zarah.
"I shall complete my induction quickly tonight.  One client is quite ripe, and
the other shall follow along soon, I trust."
     Soon the receptionist entered, escorting the striking redhead I'd seen
last night, and a pert, young blonde of no more than eighteen years, that would
make anyone's mouth water.  Both had close-cropped hairdos, and they held
hands.  Zarah greeted the elder as Mary and the girl was presented to her as
Alice.
     I wasn't brought into the meeting, but was waved at by Zarah, and
described as her recording secretary.  I was soon ignored, and gleaned from the
conversation that Mary had dragged her girl friend to meet this "guru," so she
could learn some of Zarah's widsom.   Alice was still inquisitive about me, but
was rather brusquely shushed by the domineering Mary.
     The "clients" were seated in facing chairs, with Alice placed in the
recliner. The receptionist Katherine stood herself over near me.  Zarah now
poured a glass of wine for Mary, and sat down near Alice.
     "We'll just make some easy tests tonight, Alice," she said.  "Let's
measure your suggestibility index."  The girl nodded, clearly impressed with
Zarah's prowess.
     "Take this pendulum chain in your right hand, dear.  Now watch it.  Watch
it, and shut everything else out.  Just concentrate on the sparkle and dance of
the jewel down at the end of the chain.  Keep the chain very still.  Very very
still and quiet.  Feel it's weight ... a pendulum has weight and mass, although
very light.  Gravity pulls the gem and chain straight down toward the center of
the earth.  Wonderful!  You are doing very well, Alice.  Just keep your whole
hand and arm still as ever you can.
     "Watch the gem ... watch it's sparkly reflection.  Soon I predict that
without any effort at all it will begin to swing.  Watch it carefully, but
don't try to move it on purpose.  Watch it now as it begins swinging back and
forth all by itself ... all by itself ... watch for it ... watch ... there,"
Zarah observed, and indeed the crystal had begun a swing.  Alice was motionless
in her chair, and I noticed that Mary was watching the swinging stone as well.
     "Now again, without any effort at all, we'll cause that back-and-forth
motion to become circular, the straight line of light will curve, curve more
and more, becoming an oval, than a circle, as the gem swings round and round
... round and round ... round and around."  The stone followed the directions,
changing directions quicker and quicker, until all Zarah had to do was intone
"circle," "across" and "back-and-forth," and Alice's hand would respond.  She
had fixated on it with intensity, her teeth were biting her lower lip in
concentration.  She was trying to keep her hand steady, she said, and the
motions of the stone were not her doing.
     "You see how receptive you can be ... and now, ver-r-ry gradually you will
soon notice a subtle tingle, a kind of warm tinglyness in that hand, just a
very faint tingle and a warm lightness spreading through that hand and arm.
Just listen to my voice now, dear, listen and lose any sense of tension as we
watch that swing together.  The regular swing and sway of the line.  The line
of light.  It's a pleasant sensation to let the world fade away and focus down
the light path.
     "You'll soon notice a tendency for the swinging pathway to rise slowly
right up in the air, for that gem to swing up slowly in front of you higher and
higher, rising up ... swinging up ... there, it begins now.  Remember, you
exert no effort at all, the rise is automatic ... all you have to do is watch
it happen.  Watch the light rise and swing, swaying back ... and ... .forth ...
so slowly and steadily, slo-o-o-owly and steadily ... "
     That special powerful silence had spread through the office.  Two pairs of
eyes followed the gem as Zarah's voice grew deeper and slower, more insistent,
continuing her litany, We watched as Alice' hand began lifting the chain
higher.  Her eyes were round, and she seemed amazed, as if she really didn't
understand why the pendulum lifted.
     "As the light floats higher and higher in front of you, you may hear the
soft sound of deeper and deeper breathing in the room at this point ... deep,
relaxed, regular breathing as you focus all your deepest attention on the light
... deep, deeper and deeper attention.  Hear the breathing as the chest rises
and falls, the muscles relax, the body becomes attuned only to my voice and the
light ... the voice and the light ... very deeply relaxed now.  The eyes locked
tighter and tighter on the light.  Up it comes, up it comes.  Follow it only
with the eyes ... your head seems so heavy you find it can't move ... can't
lift that heavy, heavy head ... only the eyes ... up and up and up"
     Deep breathing was very loud now indeed.  With a heavy sigh, Mary's head
wobbled and swayed as she tried to hold it up.  She was aided by the
receptionist, who quickly but quietly moved behind her, steadying her with soft
fingers at the temples.  Mary's eyelids had long since closed.  Soon, her head
was lowered gently to her chest, where it hung there, motionless.
     Meanwhile Alice's eyelids were fluttering rapidly with strain as her own
arm lifted the swinging pendulum ever higher towards the ceiling.  Only the
whites below her pupils showed now.  Her lips were parted.  Her arm was well
above her drooping head, and the gem swung around every which way, with a
random jerkiness.
     "Follow it up, and the lids close right now, and now you are attuned only
to my voice and will.  You will close your eyes, and quickly achieve complete
trance ... there, my dear girl, you are so-o-o firmly under my command and
control ... a luscious, delicious feeling, to give up control completely ...
feel the luscious stroking warmth of my voice and will ... it's washing over
you, you are swept away, drifting ... drifting away on a warm, sweet current,
luscious and stroking and whirling ... "
     My prick was again rock-hard, as Zarah continued.  I was rubbing it, when
I felt a hand reach around and unzip my trousers.  There was heavy breathing of
another sort in my ear, and Katherine's moist mouth almost brought me to climax
as it said into my ear:  "Can you spare me a few inches of that?  This is such
a turn-on, isn't it?  Here, put this on, quick!"  She gave a quick kiss to my
erect member, and slid over it a thin condom.  Her tongue brushed my ear, and
the hot breathy whisper continued.
     "I'm almost ready to pop right now ... I never take long when I watch
Zarah work ... I'll show you, see?"  She stood in front of my chair, her skirt
hiked up around her hips, and I could see a large damp area on her dark colored
panties.  She turned her back to me, and her plump mound was clearly visible
through the thin material as she clenched her buttocks almost in my face.  She
leaned forward over a chair, keeping her long legs tightly together, and as I
pulled her panties down, she silently motioned me to hurry and slide my long,
rigid cock right up into her.
     Zarah was moving to Mary now, murmuring steadily into her ear, and
kneading the back of her neck.  She raised a finger at us to keep silence.  The
head of my cock now slipped right between the thick labia, into the dark,
slippery tunnel, which immediately started clenching and churning around my
shaft.  I drew fluttery fingertips up the rear of Kathy's legs, right up from
the back of her knees towards her damp cleft, again and again, swirled them
around lightly a bit to tickle her rear end, which caused it to twitch like a
horse's flank.
     One hand braced herself forward, while the other worked in front.  I
couldn't see it, but I felt her rubbing and tickling herself as I slid backward
and forwards.  I saw her nod frantically at me over her shoulder, and I pulled
out almost all the way, then spread her cheeks apart and gave one slow deep
final stroke, which triggered us both.  Her head lowered onto the desk as she
stuffed a forearm into her mouth.  I felt her stiff cunt hairs scratch my balls
as they drew in tight at my climax.  I bucked and pumped hot liquid into the
latex sheath.  Our muffled gasping earned us a wry smile from Zarah.
     "I hope you have stamina, James, the night's not over yet," said the
hypnotist, as Katherine left the office to clean up, kindly returning with hot
washcloth and towel for me as well.  I washed my overheated face after sharing
several exciting kisses from the willing lips of the receptionist, and just
shook my head at the amazing experiences I was having.
     "You may feel a little dizzy now, Alice, and we will help you lie back,
sink back in your trance now ... sink back ... " as Zarah raised the swaying
girl from her chair, and laid her back in her recliner.  As she knelt next to
the blonde, Katherine beckoned me outside into the night air.  I went outside,
and she favored me with more luscious smooches, drawing my hand up under her
skirt, where I encountered her thick labia, still quite damp and slippery.  She
raised one foot onto the low wall, and had me stroke and tickle her little
clitoris as we whispered together.
     "Oooh, James!"  she breathed, "I LIKED that experience!"  Another series
of kisses.  "I've never had a man while watching a trance!  You know, I've been
with Zarah for three years now, and she mostly works with women here in the
office ... I get so hot ..." and she wriggled herself around my probing hand
some more.  I let a couple fingers slide up inside her, and twiddled them
around, while still sliding my thumb lightly over her nubbin.
     "You know, I got very horny yesterday when you first came over!  You're
sexy looking, but you are vulnerable, and I don't go for the super-stud types
at all!  And when I watched you slip under her spell ... well, I hope you and
Zarah get on well, that's all.  Ooh, do that a little harder, please!"  She
gave a dainty, quiet shudder as her butt clenched around my hand.  Her head
rested on my shoulder, then with sparkling eyes, she led me back inside.
     Zarah motioned for Katherine to withdraw a bit, and beckoned me over to
her two subjects.  They were both topless now, and were standing, face-to-face,
gazing into each others' eyes.  Mary's pale bosom was picture-perfect in form
and color, her redhead's skin almost translucent, and the pale pink nipples now
jutted forth as Alice's fingers circled lightly around and around the aureoles.
Mary's fingers were performing similar figures on the fleshy but youthful tits
jutting out proudly from Alice's chest.  The two women swayed slightly on stiff
legs, but kept upright.  Their mutual gaze never wavered, even as Zarah ran an
intimate hand over both their asses, and whispered in their ears.
     Shortly the two had shucked their lower garments and, still facing close
together, resumed manipulating each other's bosoms in that oh-so-light circular
motion.
     Zarah motioned me closer, and indicated I was to have the pleasure of
removing two pairs of panties from two luscious asses.  As my fingers worked
the underwear down their legs, I felt their butt muscles subtly squeezing and
relaxing in a slow cycle.  My hands roamed over those tight curves, and I
suddenly felt envious of Zarah's control!  I wanted to assert dominance myself!
     I moved right up between the two faces, and scrutinized them closely.
Mary's green eyes had now reacquired their glaze, and, very infrequently, she
would slowly blink.  Alice's eyelids were in sync!  She would let her eyes
close and reopen at the same time!
     Zarah's hand pulled me reluctantly back as I was imagining being in total
control of a woman like Mary ... of having her gaze helplessly at me while she
ached to do my bidding!  Zarah read my mind.
     "Wait and learn, James," was all she said.  She placed a cushion at
Alice's feet.
     Her hands touching their necks, Zarah pressed downwards.  She whispered
"You may kneel now," and the pair sank down, still lost in each other's eyes.
     "Wonderful, Alice!" she droned, "Mary, you are a splendid girl!  Now you
may take an eternity to explore this relationship.  I will that you take your
intense pleasure together.  You are passion's mirror.  Passion's Mirror.
Continue your light stroking now."
     The fingers circled, circled, circled.  The buttocks squeezed tighter, and
relaxed.  The fingers reached the nipples and paused.  Their breathing caught
and their pelvises began a slow dance, inward, outward.  After another couple
of blinks, the eyelids stayed closed.  Zarah moved in again.  Her hands rested
on the buttocks, and supported their slow inward thrusts.
     "Wonderful, you are now surrendering to the touch.  I will allow you to
see as well.  You may watch your bodies as your eyes open again.  Open.  Open
them now.  Look down at your thrilling bodies."
     The pillow had raised the shorter girl enough that her torso was at an
equivalent height.  One woman pinched lightly on her partner's pink fruits, and
the other instantly copied.  Breathing was louder in the room now.  Fingers
wandered down, down, down, until they were clasping each other's rears.  I
watched as the grasps tightened harder and more insistently.  The muscles
responded more quickly, bringing the two pubic muffs closer with each
contortion.  Their breasts pressed into one another.
     A tongue suddenly pointed out from between Alice's lips, and Mary returned
the favor.  Their eyes re-locked.  Their faces moved into position, and their
mouths parted.  They kissed.  And kissed.  And kissed.
     "I love you, my darlings," cooed Zarah in a husky voice.  "You may rise
now, and lie in my bed.  It is time for love.  You are alone, and I release you
into the air ... you are free to fly."
     They rose, they swayed into the bedroom.  The door closed.  Shortly there
came soft muffled cries.  Now and again a harsher more demanding call.  Now
silence, which stretched out into our room.
     The wonder of this quiet revelation had helped me lose my own self-
important fantasies, and I had settled back on a sofa, thinking nothing,
wishing nothing, almost in a doze just caught up in the drama of that love.
     I turned my head, to find Katherine kneeling beside me.  She made a
shushing gesture, and I saw, over her shoulder, a startling sight.  Zarah was
standing where she had been earlier, staring blindly at the bedroom door.  Her
face was shiny with tears, which seemed to pour over her cheeks.
     "Alone...I'm so fucking alone ... nobody ..." I heard the soft broken
voice, over and over.
     "Zarah, we love you!"  Katherine hurried over and drew her into an
embrace.  "I love you so much, but beyond that, you are such an artist!  You
paint pictures of fulfillment, and even the actors are real!  Look!" and she
pulled Zarah over to my couch.  "Look, James understands!  Look at his
face...look, dammit, not at his cock!  his face!"
     Zarah turned her dampened cheeks to meet my gaze.  I was not intimidated.
I was not humble.  I was not challenging.  I was still feeling the beauty of
the moment, and met her gaze, open, clear and clean.  I sat upright, and opened
my arms to her.  I felt her whole body for the first time.  It was slight,
angular, and radiated tremendous heat.  I drew her down beside me, and felt her
cry.

               
               Zarah - part III - Threesome

     I was too far under Zarah's influence to put up a quarrel when I was
asked to leave.

     "I won't forget you, James," said Zarah, "and we'll have more
adventures soon, I promise!"

     I drove home.

     Two or three weeks passed, and strangely the excitement of those
"sessions" faded more quickly than I thought it would.  I had left the two
women alone, there in their darkened office, and gone back to my workaday
world.  I seemed to put my recent wrenching changes on a back shelf, almost
to forget about them, they were too strong and bewildering.  I didn't call
Brenda.  I didn't even masturbate for several days, although I noticed my
sheets were stained and stiff on several mornings.  I must be having wet
dreams, like I had when I was a teenager!

     Next week, I received a call from Brenda.  She let it slip that Madame
Mesmre was visiting her apartment occasionally, for "private
consultations!"

     The following Wednesday evening found me at Brenda's apartment door.
Madame herself let me in!  It was as if we had never been apart, the rush of
that personality washed over me immediately.

     "Where's Brenda?  Are you her roommate now?" I asked, letting my
jealousy slip through.

     "If we are to share this intimate space, James," Zarah responded
sternly, "we must be honest and tolerant with each other.  If you wish, I
can show you something of my private practice this evening."

     Zarah turned and walked right up to me.  She took my hands in hers.  I
felt instantly drawn to her gaze, frozen in place, and I rapidly lost all
awareness, as I felt drawn, pulled right into and through her huge eyes,
into a vast, humming comforting darkness.

     "Come back up now, James ... " I heard, at first faintly, then
stronger, as I swam up to the surface of consciousness again.  It was only
later that I was able to remember that I had indeed been hypnotized at all!
I smiled at Zarah, and said something inane like "Long time no see!"  She
chuckled to herself.

     "I've designed a little erotic play this evening," she continued.
"It's fairly complex, but you all haveproved to be such good subjects, I can
confidently guarantee you all a most enlightening few hours.  I'm sure that
as the lone male in my scenario, you'll hold your end up."

     I followed her gaze down to my lap.  I nearly jumped off my chair!  My
trousers were open, and I was sporting a large, firm hard-on, right out in
the open!  Why hadn't I noticed?  I cried aloud in surprise, and doubled
over in embarrassment.

     Her hand reached out and touched my forehead. Instantly I felt myself
calming.  The adrenalin rush subsided, and I even leaned back on the sofa!
My dick poked right up between us, but I paid it no more attention.

     "You'll find that you have some surprising abilities for a little
while," Zarah chuckled, and reached forward to slide a soft hand right up my
erection, which twitched at her touch.

     "Now you soften again, for a while!  Get dressed ... quickly, now,
James!"  I was soon clothed again, my cock tucked securely back in its nest.

     "You've brought a bottle or two of wine," she went on, pointing to the
coffee table, on which indeed sat two bottles of expensive red wine.  Had I
brought them?  I didn't even try to sort it out, just listened to that
luscious voice.

     "... and don't initiate any sexual activity at all tonight.  Just let
it happen!"  She left the apartment after calling out, "Girls, James has
arrived!"  With a last glance at me, she was gone.

     Brenda emerged from the back room, along with Lily!Brenda's eyes
sparkled.  Her face was made up nicely, and she was dressed in a short one-
piece knit thing that clung appealingly to her hips.  Lily came out, rather
shyly.  Her immaculate business suit was perfectly arranged.  We were
"introduced," and I realized she had no memories of ever having seen me
before.

     We were soon seated in the living room, where we sat around chatting
idly.  No one even mentioned Zarah's name!

     As we sipped our wine, first one bottle, then the other, the women
began a subtle interplay that I only gradually intercepted.  They snatched
private glances at each other.  When Lily would laugh, she often reached
over and touched Brenda on shoulder or knee.  Both faces became flushed as
the joking got more risqu.  I was miffed that I was excluded from this
somewhat, and was actually entertaining notions of departure, when the drama
suddenly began to unfold.

     It began with an "accident."  Brenda bumped my wine glass, sending the
contents onto the carpet below my feet.  She apologized and knelt by the
sofa with a couple of napkins.  In the middle of blotting the spill, her
talk stopped, and her body froze in position for a good five seconds.

     "Brenda?"  asked Lily.  "Anything wrong?  Did you cut yourself?"

     The answer was hesitant and soft:  "I thought I smelled something ... I
felt dizzy for a second."  She bent to resume her cleaning, and very shortly
jerked upright.  Her nostrils sniffed about like a rabbit's, and her eyes
were very wide.  I saw her swallow as she excused herself and headed to the
kitchen.  "I feel strange," she mumbled.  Lily tossed me the napkins to
finish cleaning, and hurried after her.

     I was dabbling at the spill when Lily returned.

     "She's making coffee ... here, let me get that, you're just making it
worse!" she exclaimed.  As she bent over again, her head jerked up, and she
opened those large eyes wide at me.

     "Are you wearing some after-shave or cologne?" Lily asked in a small
voice.  "There's such an interesting odor ... " she sniffed around towards
me again.

     ''I don't use any smelly stuff at all," I said, feigning innocence.  I
suddenly remembered Zarah's preocupation with scents.  "Maybe it's something
on the carpet."  I sat back down to await developments.

     "No, no, it's just that ... I don't know ... it's very interesting ...
I can't quite place it ... "Brenda returned, without coffee, to find Lily,
in her elegant suit, crawling around the sofa, sniffing like a bloodhound.

     "Check out right under the edge.  And I'm afraid Jim's trousers will
need dry cleaning," Lily said, in a throaty voice.  They ignored me again,
whispering together.  I know I heard one or two giggles!

     Brenda bent down to me now; pretending to examine my pants leg, she
breathed in languidly, and remained doubled over for a moment, then sighed
deeply.

     "Bring him a robe, Lily, and I'll do his ... things ... " she said in a
low voice to her friend.  I said nothing, but waited to see which way things
were going to go.  Lily returned with a heavy terrycloth robe, and I saw
that she had removed her jacket, and several undone blouse buttons now
presented a pronounced cleavage, along with a ruby pendant on a bright gold
chain that clung to the upper slopes of a full bosom.

     "Just look at this stone that Madame Mesmre gave me!"  she chirped.
"I use it for pendulum practice mostly, but it's a great piece of junk
jewelry, too!"  And she swiveled her torso back and forth, causing the ruby
to ping-pong around between her breasts.  She danced to some imaginary
bouncy beat.

     Now I'm usually not attracted to large tits, but Lily was certainly not
ashamed of them!

     "That's a great effect, there, Lily!" I said heartily.  The large red
stone bounced seductively around in her cleft as she wriggled.  I didn't
want to stare too blatantly, but I could see she didn't mind a bit!  She
actually moved closer to my sofa.  She bent forward, right over my shoulder,
and turned on a table lamp.

     When she straightened, the effect was quite startling.  There seemed
now to be a red after-image - like a comet's trail painted on Lily's white
skin as the ruby moved over it!

     I was trying to figure how the lamplight could cause that effect, when
I became aware that it was getting stronger by the moment ...  the comet
trail persisted longer and longer in my vision ...

     It's obvious now that I was responding to some prior suggestion, but at
the time I could only blink at the brilliant gem, trying to understand ...
what was I trying to figure out?  I couldn't remember ... I decided that it
was too tiring to think, and I should just watch very carefully, and enjoy
... Lily bent forward into the light again, and the ruby now hung more
freely, dangling ... shimmering ... sparkling ... deep and red ... Every
motion was so fascinating ... so very compelling ...

     Brenda had apparently risen from my side ...  when had that happened?
She stood next to Lily and whispered very low.  "He's really focused, isn't
he?  Look at his eyes!  Wiggle it some more ...

     ''Do you think he's hooked like Zarah said?" asked Lily.

     I could hear every word, but found myself unwilling (or unable!) to
move my eyes even a millimeter from that glowing track with the bright red
star twinkling at its head.

     "I'll try his hands and see," Brenda answered.

     As if it were someone else, I felt my hands being lifted up and laid
along the back of the sofa.  My arms sank deep into the upholstery - they
weighed a ton - more than a ton each!  They couldn't be my arms, could they?
I tried feebly to move them, but they might as well have been encased in
solid concrete.

     Lily stood up straight and and watched me.  I knew what was happening,
but had no desire to alter anything.  As far as my eyes were concerned, her
red stone was the center of my universe.  My eyes followed it upward, though
my head seemed suddenly as heavy as my arms.

     "He's gone for sure, honey," cooed Brenda to Lily,  "Is he watching the
stone or your boobies?''

     "Do you like what you see so far, James?" asked Lily, and to Brenda:
"Seeing him this way, you know?  I mean, what a hunk, and I can do anything,
Zarah said!  And it's safe, he won't remember a thing tomorrow!  James ...
Jimmy, do you like what you see, hmmm?"

     My throat felt so tight, I knew I couldn't speak, and I think I tried
to nod as best I could my heavy, heavy head.

     Lily's fingers seemed to drift over her blouse, and it was completely
unbuttoned.  She pulled it slowly back, whispering to Brenda, "I've never
done a strip before ... for a man, anyway!  I feel so ... safe!  Men can
hurt you, they're powerful in all the wrong ways, but James is ... different
... and he smells so fuckin' great!"  She sighed in satisfaction and her
impressive mammaries were now turned back and forth shamelessly before me.

     "He's still watching that ruby ... I want him to look at me!"

     Brenda moved behind her friend and unclasped the chain.  She dangled
the gem briefly right in front of my nose ... this made my eyes cross.  They
both giggled, then Brenda slowly lifted the gem back towards Lily's torso.

     Deliberately, she dangled it first over one breast, then the other.
She let it hover and circle, bumping and sliding over that delicious white
skin as she caused it to circle.  A glowing ruby line seemed painted across
all the contours of that glorious bosom.  The stone rose, until it rested
for a long moment right between Lily's eyes.  They were hot, and stared
raptly back into my own.  The ruby descended.  My eyes were locked in like
radar, but I was very aware of those deep curves.

     "Ooo, that feels great, Brenda!" she breathed.  "just look at him!
Talk about your burning  gaze!"

     She took hold of the chain herself and continued its slow excursions.
Brenda now reached around and began a fondling Lily with her fingertips.
She stroked outwards, over and over each breast, and soon I was intently
watching the ruby as it moved over a pair of rock-hard nipples, each in its
own setting: a deeply puckered aureole on a soft pink pillow.

     Brenda's hands would lift each breast upwards, just a little, and allow
it to bounce gently back down to rest.  The breasts were large, but round
and quite firm as they swelled out towards me.  Lily began panting now under
Brenda's knowing ministrations, her eyes closed, she slid the soft gold
chain lightly, right along her nips.

     The women soon decided to "fool around" with me some more, and Lily got
things rolling.

     "James ... let us help you with those messy trousers ... you needn't
get up," she giggled, "just slide forward a little more ... that's it, lamb
... Ooo, do your shoulders hurt?  You can't move them at all?  Come on,
Brenda, slide his pants off, what's the matter?"

     Brenda had laid her head along my thigh, her eyes closed as my scent
overtook her once again as she loosened my belt and slid my pants down as
far as my knees.

     The stone was forgotten momentarily while Lily reached down to pull
Brenda away.  The girl remained on hands and knees, overcome, as Lily
finished undressing me, and then she buried her own face in the crotch of my
trousers!

     "Whoo!  I see what you mean," said Lily.  "It's like a drug or
something ... I want more, too!"

     "Look at me, I'm shaking, my pussy's gotten really wet, look!" urged
Brenda.  Her hands hiked up the short dress, and quickly pulled off a pair
of damp pantyhose.  She lingered a little, touching fingertips to her pubes,
and shivered again.

     Lily seized her hand, and sensuously licked and sucked on Brenda's
dampened fingers.  "They smell lovely too, babe!"  They embraced, and
whispered some more.  They turned to me again, and my head jerked like
Pavlov's dog toward the ruby.

     "James," cooed Lily, "Just lie back on the sofa now, I've got an idea
for those strong arms of yours!  Take the other one, Brenda."

     My hands were lowered to my sides, and I was sat forward slightly while
they were pinned right under my buttocks.  My legs were stretched out on a
footstool.

     Along each thigh, a woman now sat curled up on the carpet.  Brenda lay
her head along one thigh again, and her fingers began brushing the front of
my underpants.  Lily was drawing her bosoms along my other leg, toying with
her pendant.  She pulled the bauble over my briefs, and I suddenly felt and
saw a surge under the pants.  She seized on my reaction.

     "I've got a great idea!" she breathed.  Her voice was higher now, more
girlish.  Her hands began working my briefs down, and soon my genitals were
on display.

     Lily bent over my cock and inhaled some more, then lifted its semi-firm
length into the air with thumb and forefinger.  I know she felt my surge
this time!Delicately, she draped her chain loosely around my penis, and the
stone was positioned near the top of the glans.  My body immediately began a
response, and I watched the stone as my erection grew and grew.  Lily had to
loosen the chain once, as my thickness filled the loops too tightly.  She
whispered right into my earhole as her fingers toyed and fiddled with one
end of the chain.

     Believe it or not, my dick went through its paces like a trained seal!
I watched it slowly and steadily become fuller and tighter, then after a
moment the shaft would drop back towards my belly.  This felt amazing!  I
felt no urge to come, but the spectacle of my private parts being moved by
command quickly made me very aroused indeed.  My palms cupped tightly
underneath my ass.

     Soon very soft lips began a dry, feathery flutter up and down my shaft.
Brenda would mouth very lightly around the head of my cock, then back off,
and flutter in again along one of the veins.  Occasionally she would just
run the side of her nose along my length, stopping to bury herself in my
pubic hair.

     Lily had gotten completely disrobed by this time.  Her chain was now
worn like a belt over the hips, and the stone gleamed out from the thatch of
her pubic triangle.  She was undulating right at my side, where I could look
right up her twat as it circled and writhed.  She was humming to herself.
She dropped down beside me to watch Brenda work.  My legs were parted, and
my cock was now sticking way, way up into the air.

     What a scene!  Brenda concentrated on my bursting bulb, and Lily put
her face right between my buttocks, and with her nose right up to my balls
sucked in the smell.  She'd then stand up above me and wriggle around some
more.  Her inner labia were now poking outwards like a flower, and I could
actually see a little way up into her vagina!  Her hips made the most
blatant humping motions I'd ever seen.  She hummed and muttered to herself
as she felt her sexual heat deepen.

     She straddled one of my outstretched legs, still circling, circling her
hips, her back now towards me.

     Brenda looked up briefly and said:  "Lily .. Lily ... I want to smell
both of you!  Come on, Lily, pleeeease!  I've got to smell your hot, wet
cunt ... push it back, honey, push it here!"

     Lily obediently squatted down just enough for her cunt to touch my leg.
Bracing herself with hands on my shin, she rubbed her swollen genitals
softly, up and down my thigh ... her hot dampness spread over my upper leg
like butter.  Brenda reached up now and manipulated Lily's whole rear end
with skilled fingers, rubbing, tickling, pinching lightly, dipping into the
gaping hole, poking around the anus, and so on.  She licked my leg,
following the glistening trail as if she were starving!

     She seized on Lily's chain, and pulled her buttocks backwards towards
her mouth.  She began to tongue up and down Lily's protruding labia right in
front of my eyes!

     "Can I pull your beautiful wet sex over Jimmy's dick now, honey?"
begged Brenda.  "I want to smell and taste you both now!"

     Lily's pumping hips continued to push backwards and forwards in mid-
air.  I dimly heard her murmuring things like:  "Yess-s-s ohhh yess ...
feels so good ... feels soooo hot ... sooo hot ... " Brenda grasped the base
of my cock, and positioned it right under Lily's cunt lips.  She tugged
lightly down on the chain, and slowly, slowly, my dry, hot bulb was
enveloped by a clinging molten dampness that almost caused me to faint with
pleasure.

     "Oooo, Lil-l-ly," crooned Brenda.  "I wish you could see your plump
cheeks, and your hot, hot lips sli-i-i-iding down!  I bet it feels great!"

     She now took Lily's cheeks in both hands and swirled her palms around
and around the fleshy curves.  She lifted the buttocks up again, spreading
them wide apart ever so slowly, and my glistening knob now popped itself
out, only to be instantly licked round and round by Brenda's willing mouth.
She was gasping with pleasure, and dipped Lily down onto my organ once
again.  This time, she let her friend slide a little further down my shaft,
but again pushed Lily's ass back up into the air.  Each time this happened,
Lily returned automatically to her "air-fucking" motions.

     Brenda now forced my erection to point downwards a little.  This made
all its contours stand out even more.  I was at a very exciting point by
this time.  I was feeling all that pre-climax tension and flaring heat all
along my cock, and it was lasting and lasting!

     "Lily ... Jim's cock is so rigid now, you have to see this ... it's
like a dildo, his veins are hard and lumpy ... his heavy, heavy balls are
pumping out perfume ... take a final dose now, before you sink him inside
you you ... come on, turn around and smell him now!  Smell it!  Hurry!"

     Lily dismounted and turned her body around to face me.  Her head
drooped heavily, to gaze down at my enormous dick, and slowly her face came
lower and lower.  Her swollen breasts brushed along my knee, then her hair
slid over me as she too tasted her own secretions glistening on my pole,
then lower and lower, till her nose was pressed up right underneath my nuts.

     Eyes tightly closed , Lily straightened back up after a few
intoxicating lungfuls.  Her nipples now poked out and upward from her bosom,
she was so turned on!  One foot stepped up beside my shoulder on the
cushion, and Lily lowered herself very slowly onto me, babbling:

     "God, I can feeelll every little bump ...  I sliiiide it in further ...
sliiiiding ... sliiiiii ... further ... more and ... more ... it's deeper
... it's deeeeeeper inside me ... Oh-h-h-h!  Brenda!"  she almost sobbed,
"I'm want to come now ... tickle my nipples ... my sweet hard nips, I feel
my cunt flowing juicy sweet I can't hold back ... I want to come and come
like a volcano! ... it's al-l-l the way up inside me now ... nnngh ...
ooooh, I feel his hairs, they're right against my clit ... tickling ...
nnnngh ... flowing ... slipping ... I'm going ... nnnnngh ... I'm going ...
hurry!"

     Her vagina was already beginning its tiny clutches on my erection as
Brenda licked one nipple, and flicked the other, quite sharply, with a
fingertip.  Lily instantly shook like she had malaria, and her body sat down
hard on my pelvis.  Her feet lifted off the floor, and hooked under my
shoulders to keep her balanced.  I bore her whole weight as her knees lifted
wide apart.  I could see and feel my belly dampen, as a sudden wash of
pungent liquid flowed down out of her.  She sobbed loudly with emotion.  Her
body clenched up, relaxed, clenched again, and her head lifted up, then fell
forward again.  Her magnificent breasts vibrated like jello with their rapid
quivering.

     Brenda had her face right against our mashed pelvises, and now as
Lily's weight crushed me, she muttered "Get off!  Get off!" and pulled Lily
up and off of me, leaving my dick glistening, fiery red and still hard,
poking straight up.  Brenda slurped my entire pole into her mouth, I felt
released now from all control, and my buttocks clenching in my palms, I
released my semen onto her rolling tongue in burning spurts.

     I guess I passed out from the pleasure.  The rest of that evening was
passed in a thick haze of exhaustion, as somehow I recovered enough to dress
and taxi myself home.  I left Brenda's apartment with confused images of the
two women lapping and kissing each other's pussies, but I remember clearly
the amorous embraces I received from both of them just before I stumbled
downstairs.  The cabbie sniffed the sex-laden air as I entered, shook his
head and muttered to himself in some foreign tongue.  I was so tired, I took
next day off from work, dozing (and rehashing the improbable events of last
night) in a pleasant haze.  I ate like an starving animal and jogged some of
it back off over the next few days.


            Zarah - part IV - In the Garden

     One morning about a week later my bedside phone rang, very early.  I was
groggy, and I didn't recognize the sunny voice at first.
     "James, how are you?  Forgive me for bothering you so early, but something
interesting has come up."
     "mmmmphh..."
     "James, don't you recognize my voice?    This is Katherine _______, from
Zarah Bradford's office."
     That got my adrenaline moving!   Kathy had been so much fun, and yet, so
sudden and unusual...but who was I to talk about strange sex?
     "Wow, Kathy, yeah!  Hi!  What's up?"  The old master conversationalist was
really in high gear now!
     "You're remembering the office, aren't you?" she continued, more subdued
all at once.  "Zarah told me she had worked on you after that...I guess you had
a good time...Zarah and I...share a lot of things, I suppose you might say."
     "Yeah...Kathy, listen, my life has changed so much recently, you know?
All this is real new to me, and real strange.  I haven't been able to think too
clearly..."
     "And you don't really want to yet?  I know, James, I understand.  Well,
maybe we'll see each other soon!  Zarah will be - presiding - over a garden
party this evening, and she especially wants you to come.  I'll be there, and
several others!  It's tonight at nine.  She asked me to see if you were
interested."
     I hesitated, events having taken on a speed I could in no way deal with.
Kathy took silence for assent.  She named an address in a fashionable suburb,
and said, "See you there!"  She hung up.
     I thought about Kathy some more.  I hadn't really gotten to know her at
all, except for the mutual response to Zarah.  The memory turned me on, and I
ended up late for work!  Luckily, I'm on good terms with the boss.  Nobody said
anything about it at the office.  I kind of kept to myself in those days.
     I think I avoided my feelings throughout that day, but couldn't help
recollecting recent "special" events.  I spent more time adjusting the
recurring lumpiness in my pants than looking at maps.  Luckily, no one's life
was at stake in a city-planner's office ... some day though, someone might find
a playground oddly located in some septic drainage area!
     The day passed, and I stayed late at the office.  The time drew near for
me to go, and yet I found I was reluctant to turn off the lights and leave!  I
wasn't doing any work, I was, in fact, feeling myIt was now past time to leave
for the "garden party" and I was deciding I had "unfortunately" been "held up
at the office," when my desk phone rang.
     "Hello, James, this is Zarah.  We're looking forward to seeing you
tonight.  Please come right over ... you know I can't wait to see you ...
please come over right now, yes?"
     "...  I ... think I forgot the address ... "
     "You remember the address quite well, I think.  Tell me the address, it's
right there on the tip of your tongue, come on, tell me now!"
     "...7116 Tremaine Drive!"  I blurted out.
     "Correct, James, you are very good.  Don't worry too much now, just drive
on out here soon.  I'll see you soon.  Drive carefully, and you can see me
quite soon...soon, James ..."
     The line went dead.
     I packed up.  I got down to the car.  I left the city.  My car drove
itself over bridges, through industrial belt, into fashionable suburbs, down
tree-lined streets, into a long circular driveway.
     A short, muscular AfroAmerican woman dressed in a dance leotard answered
the door, and ushered me through several hallways to a small gymnasium
overlooking an illuminated garden.  I followed her inside.
     There were exercises going on.  It looked like Tai Chi, led by a smallish
Filipino man in a white karate suit.  He was demonstrating the slow movements
to a group of folks scattered around the room.  None of them stopped to greet
me ... even Brenda ignored me, absorbed in her routine.
     Besides Miss Bodybuilder, there were my friend Brenda, Katherine, and
another woman, who flashed me a quick glance.  This jogged my memory, and I
remembered the redhead from Zarah's office who had .  This was our hostess, who
turned out to be a recently divorced socialite named Rebeccah.
     Also present were a slender African-American man and Zarah, who were
sitting together along one wall on a padded bench.  I walked over to the pair,
and was greeted warmly by Zarah, who gazed at me for a few seconds, and spoke:
     "James, I just knew you wouldn't be able to resist a little mystery and
excitement!"
     Gesturing at her neighbor, she continued:
     "I've been reinforcing Samuel here, so he's not being impolite, he just
doesn't know anyone else is in the room, do you Samuel?"
     The black man was not examining his fingernails as I had thought, but was
watching his own diamond finger ring!  He made a little murmur, and his head
bobbed from side to side.  Zarah raised his hand up, and his gaze followed.
     "Samuel, please come back to us now ... come back and join the others."
     He rose and went over to the exercise floor.  He went through the motions,
but in a rather dreamlike manner.
     "Samuel's new to my little circle, but he's so gorgeous, and he responded
so quickly at my matinee performance I decided to chance on him this evening,"
Zarah explained.  "There's really no worry - I'm seldom wrong in sizing up my
subjects - but the slight risk makes the result that much more satisfying."
She turned her searchlight gaze directly on me.
     "Now you, James!  You are indeed a happy accident if you choose to
respond, and if you don't...but I think I know you well enough!  You're fit and
cute, but shy, and more unsure of yourself than you like to let on.  I know
there's a lot of voyeur in you, and something about the power of dominance has
snared your hidden self, maybe more than you know.  Or maybe it's the
submission part?"
     I realized that this was a shrewd judge of character, and I felt as if I
really had few inner secrets that she could not discern, given time.  I was
again kept off-balance.  Her gaze was direct, knowing, unavoidable.  I tried to
summon up a witty or challenging retort, but her voice kept on, asking
questions for which she didn't wait for answers!
     "Now for this evening,"  Zarah said, decisively.  "I will very shortly
place you under my control again, in fact --" as I started with a catch in my
breathing "--your trance has begun already, hasn't it?  You hurried right over
to me after my phone call, didn't you?  If you object, just say so now, before
your trance state is complete, and you may leave."
     Her piercing glance acknowledged what we both knew already.  I was hooked.
I gulped and said nothing.  Her hand caught mine, and I was led over towards
the others.
     Exercises over, the party moved outside into the garden area.  Low lamps
and a few torches gave the area a mysterious warmth and intimacy.  There was a
central lawn with low benches scattered about.  Zarah now took "center-stage."
     Her gaze pinned me, and I again felt suddenly warm, and my head buzzed.
"James, you are the newest to our circle, and I know you haven't had much time
to settle in ... why you haven't even changed clothes yet, have you?  Phyllis
will get you a very comfortable robe, and you will of course need to use the
lavatory ... I know how full a bladder can feel when you are holding it in for
hours ..."
     Damn, I thought, I did have to pee!  I looked around for a washroom door,
but her voice summoned me again.  I was feeling some discomfort as I hobbled
over next to her, she turned me around so I faced the others and continued:
     "Here now, James, you've had no relief ... no relief at all ... you might
feel embarrassed about your need to pass water, but I can assure you that my
influence will remove all your hesitancy.  Look down here, dear, at this tiled
area, see it?  You're in luck, James, you're standing right over Rebeccah's
little drain spot, where the floor is protected from trickles of water..."
     By now I was pressing my knees tighter together, and my face felt hot,
from a blush, I guess, or the instant realization that I was under her spell
again.
     "Yes, James, right here in the garden!  Those tickly trickles and sudden
spurts and glorious gushers of hot, hot water as you feel unable to hold back
much longer ... oh, yes, James,  you can lower your pants, go on, drop those
trousers right down, let them fall, just dropping right to the floor ... now
step forward and display yourself."
     My hands fumbled along awkwardly with belt and zipper - I was too
uncomfortable to remember to be embarrassed!  It was all happening so quickly,
and my head was buzzing and fluffy-feeling again...
     "Yes, dear, I know ... it's so painful to hold back ... oooh, just look at
his beautiful hose, everyone!"
     Her hands had pulled my two hands together behind my back.  They gripped
me tightly.  I was now naked below my shirttail.  I shifted back and forth
between my two feet, trying to hold back the piss.  I felt as if I'd downed
four or five beers about a half hour before!
     "Such a fine, long hose, and it's ready to spurt and splash and gush hot
liquid ... feel it now James, breaking through all your control,  one little
spurt ... ooh, did you all see that ... he's dribbling right down his leg ...
that's it James, the pressure builds and builds...up your tube...up to the tip,
up past the tip...you're dribbling, now you're sprinkling ... it feels so-o-oo
good to let go ... to release ... there it comes, James ... piss, James!
Pissssssssssss..."
     God, I had no shame ... I know I was just so happy to be free to relieve
myself ... my first release splattered onto the tiles, as I moaned with
pleasure ... even when the last small trickles were dribbling down my leg onto
my feet, I felt only gratification, not shame.
     At once, my mind seemed to understand and accept that I could be caused to
do anything, and feel pleasure at my surrender!
     "James ... tell us all now, how do you enjoy my gift?  How will you
respond to me?"
     ''I want to obey you," I heard myself say in a low voice, and the other
"guests" actually applauded!
     My knees felt suddenly weak, and I was helped to one side of the garden to
remove the rest of my clothing.  Kathy gave me some towels, and helped me into
a thin robe.  She gave me a quick pat and a light squeeze to my ass, as she
whispered that I should hang up my clothing over a bench so it wouldn't rumple
too badly.  me back to join the group.  I noticed Brenda chuckling, as she
pantomimed my little water show to the Filipino.  He was staring at me, and I
noticed a small damp spot on the front of his pajamas!
     "Elizabeth, join me here, won't you?"
     The AfroAmerican bodybuilder smiled and approached Zarah.  She was told to
press her palms together tightly.
     The induction took very little time ... the athlete very shortly found
herself unable to part her hands, which seemed glued together.  Her strain
caused very interesting things to happen to her pectoral muscles.  Then Zarah
took a step closer.  She pinned the woman with those amazing eyes.
     "Elizabeth, why are you so surprised?  I'll get James to help you loosen
them right now.  You'll find that HE can part your hands easily."  I took my
cue, stepped up in front of the woman, and gently held her wrists.  I felt the
straining muscles locked against themselves, and doubted my strength, but as I
tugged, I felt them part smoothly.
     "We'll need James' help again, Beth, so he'll just sit down next to you."
As Zarah moved even closer, I sat down on a bench near Beth's side.  I was
about head high to a trim waist, and those marvelous butt muscles.  Beth's ass
was anything but ordinary, though.  Each hardened cheek was separate from the
other, and there was that exciting space between the thighs that let the light
shine right through, even when her legs were together.  A light film of sweat
from her exertions made her skin glisten.
     "Beth, honey, I see you're all in a sweat, and I'm sure you'd be much more
comfortable if you removed that itchy leotard ... can't you feel the little
itches, and the chafing?  You'll feel so-o-o much better when the itching is
gone.  Feel that irritation?  My goodness, your legs are twitching, aren't
they?  Feel the itch, it's getting intolerable...it'll go away when you are
completely nude."
     Oh God, that gorgeous butt was wriggling, first one cheek clenching, and
then the other.  The girl was tearing at her clothing, and was soon naked at my
side.  She wriggled in pleasure, and sighed deeply.
     "That's so-o-o-o much better, isn't it Beth?  Now you are fully and
completely at ease, dear ... just let yourself go ...that's right.  Feels so-o-
o-o good ... and you're all the way under now."
     I didn't need to look down at my robe.  There was a light caress of cool
air over my cock, now at respectful attention as it poked out.
     The hypnotist ordered the girl over to a short padded bench, and her
nakedness was soon stretched out, with her arms at her sides.  Her hips rested
at the end of the bench, and her feet rested flat on the ground.  Zarah bade us
all come gather round.
     The other guests looked as hungrily as I did at the woman.  Even relaxed,
her musculature defined almost every inch of her flesh, except her breasts
themselves.  They maintained their shape without flattening much.  In the
torchlight, there was a hint of a dark purple coloring to the nipples, and I
feasted my eyes on her electric bushiness.  So did Zarah, but her easy voice of
command continued in a pleasant stream as she sat cross-legged on the ground,
at Elizabeth's head.  Her hands cradled and stroked the bodybuilder's face and
neck lovingly.
     "Now these muscles are strong, powerful things, but you know how
everything is controlled by the mind.  And I control this mind now.
     "Remember our earlier instruction, Elizabeth.  Remember your cue for
absolute surrender.  Tell us your signal for absolute surrender.''
     "...The magic spiral ... round and round... spiral ... roundandround,"
came a low murmur.  Zarah leant forward, and her hands began a circular passage
around and around those firm boobies.  These swelled and arched upwards toward
the fingertips, which moved in slow even circles, ever inwards, til an index
finger rested lightly on each nipple.  The girl's mouth was open, and her back
was slightly arched to maintain the contact.  The nipples were now erect, and a
dark purplish-brown.
     "Sexual tension and release ... deep sexual tension and then glorious
release ... " droned the voice.  Let us watch as Elizabeth undergoes, under my
control, an intense erotic experience.  Listen to me now, dear," she commanded,
as she stood up and addressed the slumbering figure.  "My voice is within your
deepest self.  Open your very heavy eyelids now, my pet ... open them and look
around you.  Remain in deep trance as you do so.  Do you see the pleasure on
the faces?  Do you?"
     Beth's glassy stare lit briefly on each of our hungry gazes, then returned
to blink sleepily upwards at the sky.
     "Yes, mistress," came the low reply.
     "Now your body is drifting into a dream-state under my direction ... "  a
pause.
     I watched those great eyelids swell and close.  Soon there came a catch of
the breathing.  Another, and a tiny sigh, as I watched the eyeballs move slowly
beneath closed lids.  Zarah spoke again:
     "You hear the night sounds, the soft sounds of the frogs and insects, a
bird in the distance, and you feel so alone, so safe, that you let your
sexuality take control of you now.  You can dream of a lover approaching you."
     The girl gave a small start, and her body began a subtle, slow movement on
the padded bench.  Her breasts rose quicker, and I watched the nipples turn
even darker.  The aureoles puckered up, and there was another quick breath.
The rapid eye movements were jerkier now, and Beth's hands twitched.
     Zarah hurried on:  "Yes, there he is now ... tall, silent and powerful ...
he wants you to feel much pleasure ... he is very experienced ... he can feel
your breath, he can smell your heat flowing, flowing, flowing so hot and wet
from your secret places."
     The bosom quivered and shook in a most delicious way, and dark odor of
arousal wafted up from the woman's pussy.  It mingled with the heavy perfumes
of the night.  I know everyone was turned on.  My cock had never felt harder.
     Zarah said, "He's going to be slow and luxurious as he slides in and out
of you, Beth, but first ... you'll feel just the heavy, hot tip of him rest
lightly against you.  It's hot, it's heavy and hot and dry against your leg.
Feel it slide upwards, right up your leg now.   Slo-o-ow and gently.  You'll
find that your legs and thighs can part for him ... there they go ... that's
right...you open very wide now..." as the knees fell apart automatically.  I
watched as her calf muscles bunched and relaxed.
     Elizabeth was truly turned on.  I saw that her pussy hairs were matted and
damp, and her vaginal lips had become swollen.
     Zarah stood up and came to me.  She guided me down onto my knees before
that cunt, that flower of the night, burning, moist and fragrant in the
darkness of the garden.  She commanded me in a whisper:
     "You may now enter her, James.  You will enter her and remain still.  Feel
her responses as you hold yourself still within.  Enter now, and remain stiff
and still within."
     I knee-walked forward, and positioned myself.  Very slowly past the outer
petals, sliding easily inward through slickened folds and muscles, my penis now
buried itself as I leaned forward into the bunched muscles of her thighs.  My
pale shaft was easily swallowed as her legs opened even further.  The buttocks
moved tenderly, tighter and looser, tighter and looser, as her dream lover slid
and thrust powerfully through her enchantment.
     "You can throb.  Throb for your lover ... you'll find it's more
pleasurable than jerking around so.  Feel that throb?  Feel it, Elizabeth ...
and again ... and over and over, throbbing ... pulsing ... sliding in-n-n-n to
you ..."
     A beautiful smile spread wide, as the subject gave a low moan.  I felt her
belly muscles quiver, and my own shook in answer, but I could not plunge about,
even though I wanted, needed to so badly!
     Her moans became more frequent, but still Zarah kept her in check.  The
butt had stopped its outer writhings, but my shaft knew a heightened pleasure
deep between them.  The muscular stomach would rest, then a wave of small
shudders would jiggle Beth's whole torso slightly.  These waves came closer and
closer together.
     "You'll enjoy the climaxes much more if you can delay them ... can you
hold out much longer, Beth?  The release will seem so good, so strong..."
     Zarah had returned to cradle her subject's head in one hand.  She looked
up at me.  She touched one fingertip to the girl's head.  The fingertip moved
down to brush the thick, swollen mouth, and Beth's lips instantly pursed, her
cheeks hollowed, and Zarah's finger was sucked suddenly in.  At the same
moment, I felt a strong clamping sensation as the walls of my partner's vagina
contracted all at once.  Still, I remained motionless.
     The finger was slowly retracted, though Beth's lips pursed after it.
Zarah slipped it back in, and I felt the answering contration.   Out again, and
Zarah spread Elizabeth's copious saliva flow all round the mouth.  Beth's
pucker followed blindly, sucking on air, wanting the finger again.  The tongue
darted in and out now, as the contractions continued on my steel-hard phallus.
     Zarah's stiffened white finger now pressed down into the dark flesh,
tracing a straight, slow path down between the lifted breasts, down the rock-
hard and quivering abdomen, in and out of the navel, slower now, to the top of
the bodybuilder's sopping wet bush, finally approaching the clitoris.
Elizabeth's face froze, her tongue curled up and sticking far out into the air,
eyelids squeezed shut, breath coming fast and irregularly through flared
nostrils.
     Zarah did not twiddle the clit at all, her hand reached around the base of
my cock, encircled it tightly, making it swell inside Beth's sheath.  She held
it still.
     "Hold her legs when they rise up," she ordered me.  And to Beth:  "You may
now reach your climax.  Come for your lover now.  Come to me.  Come to my
command."
     Beth gave a start.  She gave a long drawn-out "n-n-n-g-g-h-h-h!"  One leg
lifted powerfully off the ground, then the other.  They stiffened outwards,
quivering as if with malaria.  I held onto them, but I my strength was unneeded
against that powerful sexual engine now discharging all around me.   I watched
her deep purple labia rub and grind together into Zarah's fingers, as the
bodybuilder began a long, mewing orgasm.
     Her cunt had gripped me tightly, and the contractions of its muscles felt
like a strong, rippling hand.
     "Take your time, girl ... he's still sliding way-y-y-y up inside you ...
you want more and more, more and more ... come as often as you need ... ready
... take it all now.''
     As the girl finished her crisis, her legs slackened from, rigidity, and I
was suddenly holding their entire weight.  Our mingled perspiration almost
caused me to drop her limp legs.  I felt her pelvis continue to shiver with
further orgasmic activity.  Each tightening and relief was signalled by a tiny
cooing sigh from the slackened mouth of the hypnotized woman.
     I was now pulled backwards by Zarah's hand.  My cock popped out with a
noisy slurp, still hard as a rock.  A small rivulet of Beth's juices dripped
onto the ground.  Zarah's hand urged me to my feet, still enclosing my red-hot
eight-inch fat prick.
     Samuel and the Filipino were summoned to my side.  We were still as
statues, standing over the now quieted Elizabeth on her bench.  The women in
the garden were fingering themselves as they watched us.  The Filipino's hands
twitched at his sides as Zarah lowered his pajamas.  His cock sprang out and
upward.  I heard a woman gasp, and another moan somewhere.
     Zarah's hands opened Samuel's robe.  His dark thickness jutted straight
outwards from a thick mass of curly hair.  His arms seemed frozen at his sides
also.
     Zarah now reached down to Elizabeth.  Both her hands caressed and stroked
the woman's pudendum.  The bodybuilder was too spent to respond, but her
secretions were still copious, and Zarah's hands grew slick and shiny.  She
seemed to hold little pools of come in her hands.
     "Look down at yourselves!"  came the soft command.  She walked behind us
and my downward stare was drawn over to the other two men, whose cocks were now
generously annointed with Elizabeth's juices.  They twitched and jerked as
Zarah firmly polished and lubricated them, up and down their rigid lengths,
until they glistened and shone in the torchlight, juicy and slickened, veins
standing out in relief, the Filipino's glans swollen almost to golfball size,
and dripping steadily with his watery male lubricant.
     I now felt my long-delayed climax burning up through my pecker as she
reached up and squeezed the nape of my neck.  Her hand burned me, and a shock
traveled right down my spine.  My pelvis reflexively squeezed itself forward in
response.
     "You are ready to come right now, aren't you!  All of you!  Say it...say
it and let it come...come now!"
     As I felt my own buttocks squeeze tightly, and quickly experienced my
fiery release, I husked out "I'm coming now...coming now!  Oh God, it burns, it
burns!"  I heard other utterances:  "God, I'm coming, coming so hard," and the
ever-popular "N-n-ngh, n-n-ngh!"  There were muffled sounds from the "audience"
of women
     Everything was visible to all, the first shiny drops of clear lubricating
fluid, and then suddenly, thick cloudy globs of semen dribbling out and down
onto the ground as Samuel gave a full-throated moan, and I saw his testes draw
up tight and wrinkly as his release came at last.  The oriental man came
silently, spurting out a good three feet, still staring down at Elizabeth as
his hips pumped back and forth into the air.  More sounds from the women there
indicated that some had been stimulated to their crisis point by the scenario
as well.
     We three remained standing by the bench, our semen still dripping out or
hanging in thickening strands down from our slackening pricks.  I felt time
slow to a crawl, and my breath rang harshly in my own ears.
     Zarah turned Samuel away to face her, then raised herself on tiptoes,
kissed him, then whispered something to him.  I saw his eyes roll up, and his
large form sank to the ground, curling up peacefully.  His now-flaccid organ
still oozed shiny droplets out onto the grass in the dim light.  The garden was
very quiet.  I found sleepiness weighing down my own lids, and yawned
involuntarily.
     "We are all quite heavy and drowsy now, aren't we?"  she said to us.  "You
go back into the house now, James, and find your clothing.  Get dressed, you
have to drive home.  I'll help keep you alert and safe on the road.  Get
dressed now, and wait for me inside."
     I groped my way into my clothes, and sat heavily on a gym bench, as I
watched Zarah through the glass, circulating around her "guests," embracing the
Filipino, whose name I had never learned, covering Elizabeth with a spare robe,
whispering to the other women there.  I drooped a little more each minute I
waited, and caught my head with a jerk as it began nodding heavily down to my
chest.
     Zarah was caressing Katherine, and Rebeccah still lay back against her
lawn chair, masturbating freely with her knees bent upward, and her fist
pressed against her dark red thatch.  I couldn't see Brenda any more from my
position, and I was beyond caring.  Time crept on, and lost all meaning as I
waited dumbly, patiently, for my mistress to instruct me.  I faded into a
waking dream, and even now have very little memory of the rest of the night,
except that very late the next morning, I awoke in my own bed.
     I was not alone.  As I slowly came to, I felt the warmth of another body
next to mine.  I turned my head.
     Zarah slumbered beside me.


                        Zarah.5txt     Revelation

     I caught my breath.  I had only a dim memory of driving home, and
certainly none concerning a guest.  Only "guest" wasn't the right term, was
it?  As I thought it over, it seemed likely that she'd simply "invited" me
to invite her.  We hadn't screwed, or anything, as far as I remembered.

     Her dark straight hair was cut fairly short, and her neck was bare.  I
really was so nonplussed by her presence that I felt no sexual stirrings at
all...though last night's garden "party" may have drained me.  Still, I
heard her soft breathing, and observed that she was not naked...she was
wearing a cotton nightgown of some kind.

     As I raised myself up on my elbow to see her, I heard her breath catch,
and knew she was now awake.  She sat up, turned and faced me.

     "Good morning, James," she said quietly.  Her eyes appeared very large
this close up, and showed no signs of sleepiness.  "How do you feel?"

     "I'm dragged out...and I guess I'm confused," I murmured, as I got out
of bed.  "How...did you end up here?"  I was regaining some composure, and
since my mouth tasted like camel parts, I headed towards the bathroom to
swig the Scope.  After about two steps, I realized I was nude.  I heard her
chuckle as I completed my journey in a sort of embarrassed scuttling motion.

     Once cleansed and robed, I felt more ready to face my "guest."

     "Zarah...did I...uh...drive you here?  or did you bring me?"

     She answered with a small smile that I had driven her here late last
night.

     "I enjoyed you immensely, James, you were wonderful."

     "A wonderful slave, you must mean," I responded, a bit sharply.  I felt
somewhat "invaded," if you can say that about a woman who makes you piss on
command, in front of several strangers.  But this invasion was territorial,
not personal, if you get my meaning.

     "James..." she began.

     "No, wait.  I'm sorry.  I remember what you said a few weeks ago...that
this is all MY choice, and so on, da-dat-da-dat-da-dah...but I just don't
remember inviting you up here...nice as it is,"  I added hastily.  Jesus, my
tongue was tied up yet again!

     She was smiling a little more, and her eyes narrowed a little.  They
suddenly opened VERY wide, narrowed, and widened again as her brows moved up
and down.  The effect was of someone trying to peer into a window at me.
Her eyes were huge...

     "James, in fact you invited me 'in' quite some time ago," she said.  "I
see you're puzzled, aren't you?  Go and open your lower right-hand dresser
drawer, and I'll explain."

     I reached over and slid open the drawer.  Where were my sweaters?  The
drawer was full of women's clothing...shorts, skirts, t-shirts, undies even!
Then I noticed an overnight case under the dresser.

     "Did you bring all this up from the party?"  I asked, bewildered.
"Where are my sweaters?"  I felt a little annoyed.

     She did the eye bit again (her dark pupils really contrasted with their
brilliant white borders), and said, "No, these are kept here for my visits."

     What visits???

     "I've been here seven or eight times thus far, and I'll be staying over
for several days while you're on vacation."

     "Seven or eight times?? ... Wait a minute ... WHAT VACATION???"

     "The one you requested from your boss last week...wait a moment,
James," she chuckled, watching me sputter.  "You'll have a stroke ... in
more ways than one!"  And her eyes crinkled up in amusement at my helpless
puzzlement.  "I'll take mercy on you and explain...after I have my morning
exercise..."  Another eye-bulge, and she held up a closed fist in the air in
front of me.  "What do you see here?" and she tapped her hand four times
with her index finger.  Her hand opened.

     On her palm rested...what was that?  It looked shiny, almost damp,
and...transparent, almost.  I was amazed.

     "It's a ball, a plastic ball I guess.  Is this the Magic Kingdom or
something?"

     "Queendom, more properly, I guess you could say, James.  Look again,
closer."

     "Wait...it's a ... a bubble.  A soap bubble?"  How the hell did she
tote a little soap bubble around, and hold it in her hand?  It had to be
plastic.  "Maybe a balloon."

     "Right, James, it's a bubble you see there.  Now watch."  And she
breathed onto her palm.  The shiny globe enlarged.  It looked exactly like a
bubble, I could see it's glistening surface more clearly now, as it swirled.
I waited for the pop, but there it stayed.

     "And now...presto!"  and she lowered her hand.  The bubble stayed right
where it was, didn't fall, didn't pop, just hung there.  She blew toward it
again, and it grew to tennis-ball size.

     "Jesus, how do you DO that?  That's great!"  I felt as amazed as any
child at a magic show.

     "I'm not really doing it, James...you are.  It's an illusion!"  Puff.
And a basketball hovered in front of me, a globe of infinite thinness, and
infinite swirling variety, sparkling in the morning sunlight.  "Test it for
yourself."

     I reached out, and my hand passed through empty air, right through the
ball!  It was immobile.  I tried again with a quick swipe.  Nothing.

     "You can change it's size, James," came her voice as I stared at the
bubble.  "Do it!"

     I breathed at the bubble, and it swelled.  I pulled air into my mouth,
and it shrank.  I reduced it to point size, but couldn't make it disappear.
I blew into it some more, and it swelled up till it seemed to fill the upper
air of my bedroom.

     The swirling colors were like a planet's atmosphere, sped up till I
could see vortexes and curved cloud fronts forming and re-forming.  I
breathed in and out, in and out.  If this were an illusion, I thought dimly
as my world grew and spun, then I was...was...what was I anyway?

     And what was that dim murmuring I could hear way out here in deep
space?  My ball shrank again, surrounded by tiny stars and galaxies, it got
farther away, and farther...it was a point...a twinkling point in black
empty space...emptiness of deep space, of deep thought, of will of deep
desire...

     Desire.  What do I desire?  I know I have a body...somewhere!  I
desire...I want...something sweet.  Where will I get it?  That's easy, just
lift my head and stick out my tongue.  Mmmmmm that's good, that's so sweet,
so sweeeeeet, no it's tart and tangy, a little salty...it's soooo juicy and
tender and thick and sweet.  Lick it and suck it and draw in its honey. pull
hard to get its juice.  Suck it in deeply, deeeeeply.  Tease it.  Wiggle it
with my tongue.  Waggle my lips over it.  Shake it.  Gently!  Faster!  It's
flowing, it's flowing into me.  Lick.  Lick.  Lick.  Lick.  Never stop...
lickandlickandlickandlick... tongue can't stop...

     It's sooo deep and dark in here, I'll open my eyes.  I'll look at my
juicysweet food.  It's red.  Red like blood, red and shiny.
Licklicklicklick.  It's moving away and my mouth follows it.  It moves back,
and around, and it jiggles and jiggles as it flows.  My tongue is stiff and
thick, stiffandthickstiffandthick.  I push it way, way, wayyy in.  I hold
still.  It's heaven, and I moan out loud.  I moan and it feels soooo good
and deep I hummm and the heavens erupt in violence.  Head is jerked and
squeezed and shook... Ahhhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmmmm the most delicious wet burst of
slippery delight into my throat.  Suck slower.  And slower.  Loosen my
tongue.  Softer and softer.  I'll rest a moment, rest in my dark pink nest.
Lick again.  Rest..... Rest.  Lean my head against the flesh, the sweet
thick flesh.  Come back.  Come back.

     "Come back, James..."

     My cheek rests against a leg, a hot, hot leg.  A thigh.  I am holding
two thighs, my head between.  I'm kneeling on my floor, cradling two
buttocks in my hands.  My nose is about an inch from a deep pink nodule.  A
bump.  A clitoris.  A cunt lies before my eyes, I can look up inside it...

     "... I can see inside it."  I became aware that I am speaking!

     "What do you see?"  Zarah.

     "I see your clit.  It sticks way up between your lips."

     "My pussy lips."

     "Yes...they are open.  They're oozing.  They're open like doors to a
cave.  Now they're squeezing together... and opening again."

     "Go on, I'm getting turned on again."

      "There's some honeyjuice running out...it's dribbling down inside your
crack."

     "Suck up my delicious juice.  Ooooh.  Alllll the way down my crack.
Talk."

     "Your clit is bright red.  It looks hot and bright and shiny.  Your ass
squeezes tight when your cunt closes and opens.  It's squeezing more.  It's
hard and tight."

     "James, stand up, right where you are.  Good... look at me.  Talk."

     "Your legs are spread out around mine.  They're dangling off the end of
my bed.  You are holding your bosom in your hands.  You're squeezing your
boobies together, and your fingers are brushing your nipples.  You're
flipping them with your fingers.  They're sticking out.  You're sliding over
your tummy, and touching your clit.  Your fingers dip inside you.  You pull
them out and they're all shiny and wet.  You're sucking on them."

     "I'm tasting my arousal, James.  While I play with myself in front of
you, turn your back to me.  I'm looking at your bottom.  There's something
there.  It's white and hard.  Back up tight against my cunt so I can reach
it.  What do you feel?"

     "I feel a hard thing between my buttocks.  It's sticking out of my
buttocks.  It's inside me, inside my ass."

     "How did it get there?"  The feeling of thickness pulling and pushing.
It's Brenda's old vibrator, but I never played with that!  My hands jerk
back for a feel as I realize that I have a vibrator sticking out of my bare
ass!  I don't pull it out, though!

     "No, you leave it right there.  It's deep within you, like I am,
James."  More touching sensations, then I feel the tingly buzz as the
instrument is switched on.

     "Turn back to face me."

     As the wand hums inside me, I watch Zarah spread her pussy, pinch it
closed, lick her fingers some more, etc.

     "You don't remember our home visits here at all, James.  I want it that
way.  But you'll remember this one, and soon I'll show you more."  The
nipples are pinched and rolled around as I stare down in confusion at her.
"We've had several, and you have become very well-trained.  You forget when
I command you.  You do many things with no hesitation or shame."  Her
fingers play on her clit, over and over, and I watch her butt clench up.
"Your vacation time will be spent with a couple final lessons."

     "Wait a minute, I don't HAVE a vacation now!" I began, feeling
distressed and a little afraid of what I was hearing.

     Get the picture?  I'm standing between the legs of a masturbating
woman, watching her spread her juice all around her belly and breasts, with
a vibrator buzzing inside my ass, and I'm trying a logical argument!

     "You phoned Jeff your boss three times to beg for it, and they gave it
to you.  They like you there.  Also, it's about time for you to have your
own dominance fantasies stimulated and fulfilled.  Do you like that idea,
James?"

     "Yes, Mistress," hummed the vibrator, and I echoed it.

     "Of course you do... because of this!"  And she removed one hand from
it busy work, and revealed the little soap bubble again.  Her hand closed
down on it, and it was gone.  "Now I'm turned on all over again... I think I
want to climax while I watch you.  Bend down with your erection against my
clit."

     Oh yes, did I mention my hard-on yet?  Well, there it was, now held in
Zarah's hand, being rubbed through her sopping hairs (lightly), against her
honey-glazed lips (harder), and now around, around and around her clitoris.
She pushed me subtly to lighten the pressure, then pulled my hips up close
again.  I was in a strained position, but the feeling of manipulation was
such a turn-on I didn't notice.

     My arms braced me on the bed, with my face hanging over Zarah's.  Her
features contorted, and the breath whistled between her exposed teeth.  Her
free hand played with a breast, moved to her mouth, or reached back and
scratched behind my nuts.

     I was turned on.

     Zarah's face reddened, and she commanded harshly:  "Stand!"  Up I
stood, again viewing her passion-mottled flesh.  "Turn up your rod!", and I
reached behind me (automatically?  from long practice?) and the vibrations
shot straight through all my tubes and membranes, right up my cock.

     "Milking machine!" came the voice, almost screaming now.  Milking
machine?!?  I barely had time to chuckle before my penis was swamped with a
powerful sensation as it stood out, pointing up the axis of the stiffened,
quivering form of my mistress.  The best I can describe it, it felt like an
oily, tight rubber doughnut or a small toy inner tube was being rolled
continually up the length of my stiff member.  Then another slide, and
another and another, always rolling from the base towards the glans, in an
irresistible pulling motion to which my body eagerly responded.  My butt
clenched up, my knees quivered, and I looked down as I began to give forth
my own treasure.

     A drop of liquid, and then a few more.  I bent backwards, and grasped
the exposed handle of the vibrator.  My penis arced upwards, and spat out a
short streamer, which landed across Zarah's neck, and as more spurted out
across her body, she mingled our fluids together, frosting herself with
them.  As she watched my eruption, her legs were outstretched and their
muscles stood out.  They pressed tightly and violently inwards, as if trying
to close, but were of course blocked by my lower legs.  They flew open, and
again scissored together.  Her voice rasped harshly again, but her words
were gentle.

     "Oh, my lover, my sweet sweet lover, I make you come!  I make you come
and come all over me, and I come and come and commmme..."  Her voice broke
in a kind of sob, then:  "You may turn off all your machinery now."  My dick
shrank down, still drooling, and the vibrations ceased to shudder through
me.

     "Now clean my body... clean all our thick honey, our love syrup, our
thick rich cream, tastes sooo good... oooh, feels sooo good, your tongue and
lips.  That's right, taste me everywhere, yesss, in my hot hot armpits,
yesss, get my neck too, lightly, lightly, oooh, I'm still so quivery!"

     I lapped and stroked and sucked and kissed like Little Mr. Shop-Vac!
My tongue felt like it was returning from a week-long hike up and down the
rugged slopes of Mount Zarah... but God almighty!  all the different tastes
of her body!  Her tart sweat, my own bitter juice, the sharp tang in the hot
crack near her anus, and finally I was allowed to... to..."

     "...to kisssss my mouth, James.  Rest your tongue now.  Look in my
eyes, and take my mouth.  It is yours..." and her swollen lips opened over
glistening teeth, and I lay beside her, and our eyes met and our hot mouths
blended together.  Forever.

     Her huge eyes closed first, and then I could swoon away too, wrapped in
her care.



      We awakened close to noon, and ate sandwiches.  I was told many things
that long afternoon.

     Zarah had indeed been with me much more than I "remembered."  Induced
amnesia was one of her practices.  "For a time, anyway, and then I allow my
partners the option to control themselves fully again.  I like the confusion
on your faces, as you obey me without realizing it!"

     Other times, the trance state was a turn on to view, just as it was to
me... just as it IS to me, I should say! for I have yet to "outgrow" my lust
to render my sex partners helpless.

     But it had turned out that at least as strongly, I also wished to
pretend that I had no self-control of my own... that I could be dominated in
actions, as well as in thought or mood!  I say "pretend" because one of
Zarah's ideas is that "subjects" like me are only being assisted in acting
out deeply-buried fantasies, rather than being actual "victims," or
unwilling seductees.

     As the day passed, I "noticed" subtle and obvious clues to Zarah's
presence that I had earlier been "overlooking"... things like a camcorder on
a tripod parked in one corner of my living room... a shelf in my kitchen now
crammed with vitamin bottles, and in the bathroom, where I took a shower
every morning...

     "...An enema bag?!?  I don't use those!" I stammered yet once more,
then remembered... that vibrator stuck so deeply into my asshole, without my
knowing it!

     "I have opened you up in many ways, my friend.  You'll learn about them
as I choose.  I am leaving you for a while now, and will call on you after
breakfast in the morning.  Get out.  Jog, exercise, get a good night's rest.
Eight solid hours in deep slumber, that's my prescription for you!  No, no
more questions!  Tomorrow, James.  I have another meeting with a young
couple this evening.  We'll go there together on Wednesday, I think.  Bill
and Teresa are excellent vehicles, and I think I'll let you take charge a
little bit then!"

     My heart lurched.

     "For tonight, you may watch this tape if you want to see some more of
my methods from the 'other end,' as it were."  She held out a video, labeled
simply:  "47 - James M."

     "I suggest you watch it with the sound off, otherwise you're sure to
drop into trance again to the sound of my voice!"

     "Wait, now!  Forty-seven?  Do you mean to say that you have had forty-
six other men?"  I said, grabbing her wrist.  "Wait!  You've gotta clear
some stuff up, baby!"

     Mistake.  Her eyes widened and narrowed, in annoyance this time.

     "Nonsense, and that's my own business my dear sir.  Shackle!"

     And at the word "shackle," she thrust my wrist back against the hallway
where we stood near my front door.  I heard a "click," and found my arm was
now stuck against the wall!  Before my head could turn, she had pulled her
hand away from my grasp, grabbed my other arm and clicked it into place as
well!  My arms were stretched behind my back where I couldn't see them.  It
hurt a little, and it REALLY hurt when I tried to pull away!

     "I think you're re-asserting a dominant role, and you're doing it
rather badly just now," Zarah said, "and at a most inopportune moment!"  I
won't stand for bullying behavior at any time, dear!  I'll see you
tomorrow."

     And as I lunged against my manacles, she opened my door.  As she left,
I heard her say, breezily:

     "Ten minute shackle, James!  Bye!"

     Damn!  I thought, she's turned my own home into a fucking dungeon!  I
pulled as hard as I could, but I may as well have tried to pull the
apartment wall down.  I could only shake and jingle my fetters impotently as
I slowly calmed down.  Soon, I began to think more coherently.  Who was
going to release me?

     You know, of course, and I should have too, by this time!  When my arms
suddenly dropped from behind my back, and I rubbed my wrists, they weren't
sore, or even red!  The only items on my wall were the usual photos... no
chains or handcuffs!  But I'd heard them clank!... just like I'd seen that
soap bubble, right in front of me, real as anything.  I had stuck myself to
that wall!

     I wandered around, poking into corners and closets and drawers.  I
pulled out Zarah's underpants, plain, sheer black, with a black cotton
crotch.  I smelled them, I wore them, they gave me a hard-on.  I looked at
her razor, and her birth-control pills.  Her shampoo.  She had a couple of
suppositories.  I left them alone, in fact, I put everything back.  I
decided to work out.  I ran seven miles, and took some laps at the "Y."  I
had a nice meal out, and returned home at seven-thirty.

     The video tape still lay on the floor to my hallway, and I picked it
up.  I took it into the TV, and popped it in the VCR.  I left the sound off,
as I had been told.

     It consisted of several short segments, all featuring yours truly, and
it felt really damn humiliating to see my own face assume that slack-jawed,
droopy-lid expression that I lusted over in others!   And I saw it many,
many times on the tape, from all angles!

     SEGMENT 1:  My face, in close-up.  A finger is held in front of me, and
my eyes are following its tip, with a wide-eyed stare.  Up, down, around...
my eyeballs strive to follow every motion, but my lids are soon blinking
rapidly, and as the finger rises to touch my forehead, they roll right
upward under closing lids.

     SEGMENT 4:  I'm standing in my living room, facing Zarah.  She dangles
a pendulum before me.  My eyeballs track, and the lids droop.  Zarah moves
around behind me.  She lowers my trousers, and plants a kiss on my backside.
She leaves the picture, returning with that vibrator.  She's rubbing
lubricant onto it.  She touches the tip to my crack, once, twice, very
lightly.  My hands reach back, and pull my cheeks wide apart.  The
instrument slips right up inside me, and now I'm led on a sleepwalk around
my floor... steered like a push-cart by Zarah holding the protruding end.  I
have a monstrous erection.

     SEGMENT 6:  Shot from the open door to my bathroom.  I'm naked,
standing nest to the tub.  My arms are being held above head by Zarah, and
Katherine sits on the closed toilet seat.  She manipulates my member and
sucks it, apparently not to a climax, because she leaves it thrust out
before me, and applies shaving cream to my whole genital area.  She is
carefully shaving all my hair off from around my cock.  I guess Zarah
"shackles" me, because my arms remain straight up in the air even as I'm
protesting my shave.  I wiggle my torso, but am "held in place."  Katherine
takes hold of my balls, and I settle right down.  She strokes the razor
gently and carefully over my crotch, and my wriggling suddenly changes
character.  The cock jiggles a little, then Kathy is stroking it with her
shaving cream as I apparently come into her hand.

     As I watch this, my hand reaches in and encounters a short stubble
inside my underpants, instead of my usual tight curls.  I hadn't noticed
that either!

     SEGMENT 7:  The camera is started and focused jerkily, as if it's been
turned on suddenly.  I'm still "chained up" in my bathroom, though I'm now
standing in the tub.  My face shows distress, and weariness.  The camera
zooms in, and I lift my head, and turn my back.  A downward pan shows dark
streaks down the back of my leg.  I have emptied my bowels right where I
stand, and the smeared stool lies on and around my feet, that try to shake
off the mess.

     My face turns to the lens, and even without sound, I can see clearly
the words "please Mistress" on my lips, over and over. There are tears.
Zoom back.  Zarah steps into the frame, and my arms fall to my sides, as I
obviously cry out in pain.  How long had I stood there, firmly chained to
the unyielding air?  Her hand strokes my cheek, and I smile, and weep.  My
naked cock rises up, untouched.

     SEGMENT 11:  A large room, holding some kind of party, about eight or
ten people all together.  The group seems happy, and there's lots of casual
hugging and touching going on.  I don't recognize anyone on screen.  Camera
closes in and reveals some kissing and fondling amongst various couples.

     Some heads turn, and I enter the picture, dressed in formal tuxedo, but
no pants or underwear.  My crotch is hairless.  I'm carrying drinks on a
tray like a butler.  A woman holds her wine glass up, and taps it with a
cocktail fork.  I set down my tray, walk to the center of the room, and
begin to turn myself round and round, like a top.  I spin round and round,
and my arm stretches straight out in front of me, pointing outwards.

     It's like "Spin-The-James," I guess, because I stop suddenly, and the
camera pans in the direction of my arm, to show a girl in a halter top,
who's now laughing and clapping.  She is helped to disrobe quickly by some
other guests, who caress and tickle her flesh as it all appears.  Her
breasts are fondled and kissed by several others there.

     Her companion says something to her, lowering his shorts, and she
kneels in front of his chair, and proceeds to suck his cock.  Her butt
wriggles in the air as she slurps on his growing erection, and into this
fascinating scene I appear, still tuxedoed, and I crawl up behind her, and
bury my face right between her ass cheeks!  As the picture fades, her
backside bucks around wildly.

     The tape ran out, but my thoughts ran on for quite a while before I
turned into bed.


                    Zarah.6txt     James' Initiation

     I spent part of the next day with Zarah.

     "Have you learned a few more things about yourself?"  were her first
words to me next afternoon.  We had met in a large park near the apartment,
and were seated together in a rather secluded area behind some hedges.  On a
workday, this park was rather empty, and no one came by our little area at
all.

     "I know you've had a chance to re-think your notion of challenging ME!"
she said, and I apologized humbly to her.  We spoke again of my first
encounters with hypnosis, at her show, with Brenda, and my feelings as I
watched my date succumb.

     "The keys to successful induction are:  a willing subject (even though
they might not realize they're willing at first!) and ABSOLUTE CONFIDENCE.
Shortly I'll give you your first practice session, with a very willing
subject.  Bill's coming over after a weight-lifting session.  Now he's a
physical kind of man, and I suggest a hand-clasp type of induction at
first... maybe arm-wrestling himself?... then you can indulge your own
fantasies once you've started him into trance.  Don't worry, James, he'll
cooperate, he's a natural... just like you!  Remember Elizabeth, from our
garden party?"

     I nodded.

     "Physical strength is just another asset to command... and you really
can enjoy controlling such raw power, once it's been yielded to you!"

     A very muscular fellow appeared soon thereafter, peering around a
hedge, and waving to Zarah when he spied us.  He bounded up the hill, and
shook her hand, then mine.  His grip was VERY firm.  He dropped a duffel bag
onto the ground, and looked me over.

     "You could use a little weight work, buddy," came his judgment, "but
you must play handball or something, you're pretty trim!"

     I allowed myself to be mostly the running type, and he shrewdly
observed that "runners are loners... I like to be around people.  The gym's
got it all!"

     "Bill and his wife Teresa are friends of mine, James," interjected
Zarah, "and we're invited over there tomorrow.  You can see Bill's
trophies... he's a local arm-wrestling champion, I believe!"

     "That's right!  I've collected a lot of junk jewelry and bar T-shirts,
but it doesn't put much bread on the table!  I work rec for the city...
summer football, weight training at the Y... you know."

     "I guess you could show James some of the finer points?" queried Zarah,
with a significant glance at me.

     "Right," I agreed, "I have some 'buddies' that regularly wrench me over
a bar table, even though I'm pretty strong," I added.  Share a couple of
secrets with me?  Looks like we'll never meet in the same division... not
with those arms!"  and I patted him on the arm.

     Zarah nodded at my approach, and Bill willingly sat us down at a picnic
table, and gave me some pointers:  bending the wrist, getting the jump of
the opponent, etc.  In the process, I got ranked pretty good, and my
knuckles were sore when I called a halt.  We chatted on about training, and
I mentioned isometrics.

     "Yeah, the old Charles Atlas shit," mocked Bill.  "Weights are more
scientific."

     "But I've seen a couple of interesting techniques, like for when you're
on a plane, or bus, and don't want to lose your edge," I offered.  "They
involve some imagination."

     "Hey, I'm not a piece of beef, I got a brain!"

     "Sure, I can see you do," I answered hastily.  Let me show you
something, all right?"

     He assented, and I had him lock his hands together, and clasp them as
tightly as he could.

     "This works better if you close your eyes," I instructed.  "Now you
have to concentrate on your hands, and really get into the feeling that
they're locked together.  You must use all your strength to clasp them
tighter and tighter together.  That's right," I observed the veins in his
forearms bulge out.  "You're doing very well.  Keep squeeeezing them, and
focus, focus, focus on your locked palms.

     "Now Bill, this works better if you now take three very deep breaths,
squeezing tightly the whole time.  That's right, slow, very deeeep breaths.
Deeper.  That's great, and keep squeezing.  Those breaths help you
concentrate.  Now don't talk, just listen, listen to me as I guide you
through the rest of the session.

     "Keep breathing slowly, and clasping those hands.  They're locked
tightly together, and I'll help them stay locked tightly together with a
mental image for you.  Keep your eyes closed and breathe, and squeeeze...
Listen to my voice, listen carefully, and all the other sounds will fade and
grow very quiet as you hold tightly, tightly together."

     Bill was sitting on his bench, elbows resting on the table, and looked
like he was a statue.  I kept on about listening to my voice, etc.  I was
hypnotizing someone!  The feeling was indescribable to see a person begin to
give himself up to my persuasion.  I gained confidence, and my voice grew
deeper and slower.

     "Let's take five more breaths, Bill.  Good.  Deeep slow breathing,
brings deep, slow focus, tight hands, tight focus on my voice.  My words...
my voice... you're tuned into my voice, Bill.  I'd like you to confirm that
by the very smallest motion of your head.  Nod when you feel perfectly
focused."

     The muscular neck tilted, ever so slightly, and I saw a furrow appear
between Bill's brows.

     "Good, and you can relax again, except for those tight hands."

     The brow cleared.  "And now you're ready for some reinforcement," I
continued.  Those muscles are strong, but everyone can use some help!  So in
a moment you'll feel a touch on those clasped hands.  A touch on those tight
tight hands, as you feel my hands on yours.  The touch will help reinforce
your desire to hold tight."

     Another small nod, and I began a light all-over stroking of that block
of muscle and bone.

     "The feeling is strong, Bill, very strong, as you breeeeathe over and
over, over and over... the feeling like glue, like a strong, strong glue
that feels cool as it seeps over your hands, over and over and over your
hands, between your fingers, between your palms, and this glue is thick...
thicker and thicker as I spread it around and around... around and
around..." (moving my hands poetically over his, in time with my chant,)
"...around and around your blocked hands.  When I give you the word, you can
relax your grip, Bill, but we'll let that strong glue build and set, set up
thick, hard and strong, and then I'll let you relax for a moment, and then
you can continue to breathe deeeeply and quietly, and listen only to the
sound of my voice, Bill... only to me now... there are no other noises
anywhere, just the deep strong breathing, and the deep strong voice... give
yourself to the voice, Bill..."

     I moved my head gradually closer to Bill's, until I was speaking very
softly. "When you are perfectly aware of nothing but my voice, you may nod
your head... good, very goood, Bill, you are nodding your head.

     "That glue has set completely now, and it can hold your hands together,
so you may verrrrry slowly try to relax those fingers, and loooosen that
grip, and let the glue hold your palms together tightly, tightly, it's an
unbreakable bond, and in a moment I'll allow you to prove a very interesting
and absorbing fact... that your hands are stuck, stuck, stuck tightly
together, Bill, that my glue has fastened them together sooo strongly that
it's just impossible for you to break my hold... "

     Just as with Elizabeth, Bill found that all his strength was now
useless against the imaginary glue.  I allowed, then encouraged him to try
(and fail) to break his grip, and his face grew red with strain as his arms
shook violently.

     "Bill, you've built up a lot of tension," I now said, "and I'll let you
relax alllll that strain, as I stroke your hands again, they relax, still
holding together, relax, you can't break my hold, can you?"  He shook his
head.

     I felt a tug at my waist, as Zarah unzipped my fly.  My prick burst
out, and she caressed it a few times, then nodded at me to continue.

     "You are relaxed and breathing and hearing only my voice.  Only my
voice.  Nothing exists but my voice for you.  Your hands relax, your arms,
and your face..." and I firmly began a temple massage as I stood behind him.

     "You're letting go and sinking into my voice.  Your signal for deep
relaxation is the increasing weight and looseness of your muscles.  You are
soft, you are yielding and soft, and now I will very easily remove that glue
and let your heavy soft arms relax limply down, down, down onto the table.
That's it, you are powerless to move them, they have no ability to lift at
all, do they?  You may answer me quietly.  Can you lift those arms at all?
Try harder."

     "... No... " and again his arms flexed impressively, as one set of
muscles fought against another.

     Zarah was miming an arm-wrestling contest to me, so I sat down across
the table and lifted his arm, which weighed a ton, and felt as limp as rags.
I stroked his forearms down to his fingertips and stopped his efforts.

     "You will attempt to use your strength against mine in a contest, which
you can never, never win, Bill!"  I commanded.  "Hold your right arm up and
stiffen it against mine.  Gooood.  Exert all your effort to keep that one
limb standing upright.  Try harder, and feel my power as my arm and my voice
have made you helpless.  Here we go.  Push!"

     Bill's face registered no effort, but his biceps tightened and his arm
locked.

     "As you feel your arm pushed easily, easily down, you'll feel my
control over you deepen and deepen... and deepen, until you're very deep
now, sinking... sinking... " and I merely pushed his arm backwards to the
table... "...and when you feel it touch the table you will give in
completely... completely... and there it lies.  You are deeply under my
control now... deep within my power.  Speak."

     "I am in your power."  The words came "Open your eyes and look straight
ahead."

     He blinked slowly into the light.

     "Look over here now, right at my eyes, Bill.  That's it, gaze right
into them.  I will perfect my control now.  Watch my eyes, fall into their
power... I will make your lids heavy as lead weights... heavier... you are
droopy and drowsy now... " and I stared HARD right at him, "and you blink
and blink, and your brows lift up as you try to keep them open, but I
command them to drooooop and looosen and close.  I command them to close
now... and you are deep asleep now.  Sleep, Bill."

     His head dropped down onto his chest, and he shortly began to snore
gently.  I was now rubbing my cock, as I gave in to all my fantasies.  I
lifted his head and tilted it backwards, and tested the flaccidity of his
neck muscles.  I gently stroked his forehead.  My cock bumped against his
torso, and I almost lost a load of jism right there!  Zarah came up to me.

     "Bill's not as ... experiment oriented ... as you seem to be, James,"
she told me, "and he'd probably not take suggestions involving male sexual
contact ... yet.  You've done wonderfully though, and we have about another
hour... I have an idea for relieving both of us!"

     Soon we were back in my living room.  Bill had walked along slowly as
we guided him.  Zarah had taken his arm to surreptitiously guide him along,
and I kept up a steady stream of trance suggestion as we walked.  He now
lolled back on my sofa.  Zarah had quickly attached her camcorder to my
large-screen monitor, and motioned me to continue.  I noticed her hand
disappear beneath her denim skirt as I began my seduction of Bill.

     "Bill, listen once more, and respond to me," I intoned, "and I will let
you enjoy a very pleasant and interesting dream.  You are soon going to
watch a movie, Bill.  Do you like adult movies?"

     He nodded, and his lips formed words.

     "You will answer clearly, Bill, right now."

     "I like adult movies."

     "What do you like to see?  Answer, and go deeper as you do."

     "I like to see... to see... "

     "I'll allow you to say anything you want, use any words at all... now I
command you to answer!"

     "I like to see big tits, big tits hanging and swinging around."

     "Yes, he's a tit man, and it's causing troubles at home," interjected
Zarah to me in a whisper.  "Steer clear of tits for now, because mine aren't
so big either, are they?"

     She had soft, nice breasts, certainly not "centerfold" material, but
plenty nice to yours truly, who could now see them plainly, as she was now
undressed.   Zarah's black panties were still on, though.  She allowed me to
caress her for a moment, and I pinched her nipples rather firmly, as she had
done herself yesterday.  They hardened like rocks, and she sighed.

     "You wouldn't have been acting in sex show for a bodybuilder in your
living room four months ago!"  She then got me back to the job at hand, and
I turned again to my subject.

     "Yes, Bill.  Go on and tell me more things.  You like to see a woman's
pussy?"

     "Yes."

     "And...?"

     "I like to see a hard-on.  I like to see fucking... "

     "Wonderful, Bill, that's just what you'll watch today!  Relax wayyy
back in your seat now, and listen carefully.  When I allow your eyes to open
you will be all alone in total privacy and solitude.  You will of course
remain deeply entranced, won't you?  Yes, you are nodding, and I will let
you watch a very special silent sex movie, right in front of you.  There are
two actors, who you don't recognize.  They will be total strangers to you.

     "As you watch this most enjoyable feature, I may ask you to talk about
the action, or even to make suggestions.  SOME of your suggestions will
magically become part of that move as you watch!  Won't that be fun?"

     "Fun."

     "Now lift your head up, and slowly, slowly open your eyes.  The movie
is starting.  Watch and enjoy!"

     I stood before him as his lids blinked and pulled upwards.  "Speak.
Tell me what you see before your eyes."

     "I see a man, with a woman behind him.  He's looking down at me, and he
has a hard-on."

     "Yes, good, now talk about his hard-on."

     "It pokes out from his belly.  There's no hair, and it's very pink.
It's twitching in the air.  Now he's spreading his legs a little and I can
see his nuts.  He's holding his nuts and flopping them around."  Bill's
breath got shorter.  "This is good, he's starting to come."

     Oh, shit, I was falling into my own trance!  I felt that orgasmic burn
starting up my shaft!  I was desperate, but Bill continued describing the
action.

     "Now a woman comes around and looks at the man.  She's touching her
finger to his head and saying some things.  He's nodding, and his dick's
getting soft again.  Now she kisses him, and he turns around again."

     Saved! by Zarah, who saw my dilemma, and quickly removed some of my
tension.  I of course had sunk into trance instantly, and missed Bill's
(amusing) color commentary till later, when I watched the videotape.  She
roused me again, with a giggle of amusement, and I tweaked her nips again,
hoping she'd like it.  She did.

     "Yes, Bill," I continued shakily, "did you like to look at that
erection?  Why?"

     "Yes, it was hard and strong, it could stick way up inside her cunt."

     "I'll let you stay deeply hypnotized, and you may watch some more movie
now.  Watch and respond."

     He's standing facing me again.  He opens his legs a little.  Now the
woman comes around and sits on the coffee table.  Her face is touching his
hip, and she's ... she's sliding a hand through his legs.  Ohh."

     "What is, Bill?  You are here alone in the theater, there's no one else
here at all, shall I let you move your arms and hands?"

     "Yeah... I'm gettin' a hard-on.  It's exciting."  I allowed him to
release a short, thick penis from his sweatpants, and he began to fondle
himself as he watched us.

     "That's nice to see, she's sliding her fingers around his nuts, and his
dick is coming up again.  She's kissing the side of his dick.  She's licking
on it, and feeling his nuts, and it's really hard again!"

     "Tell him that your dick will become his," urged my partner, looking up
at me from her position at my groin.

     "Bill, as you watch the man's penis, it might seem that you feel
everything he feels, wouldn't that be nice?"

     "Ohhh, I can feel that slobbery tongue on my dick," came the instant
reply.

     "Yes, just describe what you see now," I commanded.

     "She's kneeling on the coffee table with her butt up in the air.  It's
wiggling.  Now she's tickling him again."

     "Yesss, Bill," I hissed.  "Her fingers are stroking, stroking, stroking
the underside of his big prick.  It gets bigger... oooh!  Go on, Bill!"

     "Now he's tickling himself, and she's tickling his nuts.  He's
squeezing his dick, and it's purple, and she's pulling on his balls to make
him move that... that... big purple dick... right up to her lips.  She's
looking up at him.  Her eyes are big, real big!"

     Tell me about it!  I was watching as her tongue got her lips all
slobbery, and slowly, slowly, slowly, she brought my balled-up glans to
them.  Her gaze was unblinking, but I felt awake.  Awake!  I felt
superhuman, ordinarily I would have shot my wad ten minutes ago!

     "Don't speak, Bill, watch now," I croaked.

     I let her pull my cock head against her closed lips, and she lightly
and wetly slid them across my tip.  Again, again, and she pulled back to
show me her slightly pursed O of a mouth, her red, red lips that looked very
thick, covered in saliva, slippery, slippery lips, that again accepted just
... the ... very ... tip of my penis.

     "Bill... remember you may come only when he does.  Speak!"

     The reply came in a croak.  "Her lips are drooling on him, she's
holding his nuts with her fingertips, and pulling it inside, it's slipping
in, its sliding in, she's stopping it.  She's looking up at him.  She's
grabbing his butt now, and squeezing his ass.  She's backing up off the
table, she's kneeling on the floor."

     She's motioned me over closer to the couch.  "Tell him to sit up
closer!"

     "Bill, you want to see better, sit up and lean forward.  Forward.
Deeper and deeper as you watch.  Speak."

     "She's right up close, I can see everything real close.  Her mouth is
big and round.  Her cheeks are sucking in, they're puckered up.  She's
pushing him away... slowly.  His dick is coming out little by little.  It's
slimy and red.  Her lips are pulling after it, she's got her drool all over
his dick.  N-n-ngh.  Just the head left in now.  Nnnngh!  She's so close,
she tugs on his balls and his dick pops out."

     Shploop!

     "Her mouth is still open, there's drool running down her chin.  She's
turning to look...  It's like she's looking right at me.  Her lips are
kissing and sucking and making that O shape.  She's flickering her tongue.
Her eyes... her eyes... " His voice got dreamy suddenly.  I knew what that
was all about, and I had to take a risk.  This was MY subject for once!

     "Oh, he's pulled her hair, and she's taking him in her mouth again.
He's moving her head around on his dick.  Faster and faster... Nnnnnngh,
mmmmph... "

     I pulled out, my dick on fire, and turned her face to Bill again.  I
brought my steaming cock right up to his face too.  It jerked near his open
mouth.

     "She's... slurping it again, she's smiling.  It tastes good.  Real
good!  She's gobbling at it, and licking it all over.  It's so close.  I can
almost taste it myself!"  He licked his lips.

     Once again, I almost lost it, but had some reserve of control left.  I
brought my cock even closer to Bill's lips.  He made little kissing noises.
I pulled her mouth up right in front of his eyes, and plunged in again.  She
shook me a little, like a terrier, and I popped out again.

     Bill was making loud slurping sounds himself now as his eyes bulged out
of their sockets.  He was jerking himself off, and looked close to coming.

     "Your hands are heavy and limp again, Bill," I ordered, testing him.
"They are helpless, they are heavy, they fall to your side.  You cannot move
them."

     He whimpered a little, but his arms dropped like stones.  His dick
poked up impatiently.

     "You are so aroused now Bill, but you can't come yet, there's lots more
movie to go! and you can enjoy all the movie better by just imagining those
sensations... the lovely slurrrpy feelings, alll over YOU!"   I made a sound
with my mouth, close to his ear, and his cock jerked.  "That's right, deeper
and deeper as you experience the next scene.  Speak!"

     "She's brought a chair in.  She's pinching her tits, and he sits on the
chair and pulls her tits over to his mouth.  He's sucking on them, and
pinching them.  She puts her head back, and he strokes her throat.  Her butt
is wiggling around.  She's turning around, and backing up to him.  She's
bending way down, oh God, her tits are dangling and flopping around,
nnngh...

     "He's holding her ass in his hands and he's pulling it back to his
face.  She's bent wayyy over the table, and he's tickling her butt.  He's
licking her... her whole crack, up and down, up and down.  His fingers are
twiddling her and tickling all around her crack.  He's wiggling his head to
get deeper.  He spreads her apart, there's her asshole, he's licking all
around it, she's wide apart, and he's licking her.  She's shaking."

     I pulled back, and standing, moved her rear to face my subject on the
sofa.

     "Her asshole is real red.  It's puckering, and her cunt is all wet.
It's really really wet!  There's some drops coming out.  He's opening her
pussy wide, and sticks in his fingers, he's wiggling his fingers in her
cunt.  Now he's sitting back down, and he's pulling her onto his lap.  She
wiggles down on his lap.  He's reaching around and flipping her nips with
his finger, flipping them hard, and she's wiggling around."

     That was an understatement!  She was shaking like she had epilepsy!
Especially inside!  But I had a little extra plan for her.  I found my
voice.

     "Watch this part Bill, you'll like this!"  I held her buttocks and
tried to lift her up off my lap.  I managed to move her, then she got the
idea and helped with her own legs.  "Speak!"

     "He's lifting her up and down!"  said my subject.  "She's feeling his
dick in her while he lifts her up and down, up and down!  She's smiling, she
loves it, she's playing with her own tits!"

     The strain on my arms was too much, and I guided her all the way off.
She knelt again, and I sucked her bright labia and her clitoris for a few
moments.  then I stood up.

     "Did you like our movie, Bill?"

     "Nghngh... yes... yes!  I'm horny!  I'm horny!  I gotta shoot, let me
shoot!"  His poor cock was twitching, and I watched him try to lift his
hands from his couch.

     "The movie's over Bill, now let me sooooth you just a little, you're so
hot, I'll just calm you down a little bit," I intoned, and drew his eyelids
down.  He was still breathing hard.  I dared a little touch on his cock, and
my hand felt like it would melt from his heat!  I stroked his arms till I
felt resistance cease again.

     "Now Bill, you remember the end of the film, remember it well, and I'll
give you a lovely wet dream.  You know, a lovely wet dream where you can
shoot off alllll by yourself as you sleeeeep.  You can come and come and
come!

     "This dream will star you, Zarah!" I said in an aside, "if you like."

     She nodded, understanding, and scampered into the bedroom, returning
swiftly with a condom, which she unwrapped.  She bent and kissed my dick
again.  I returned the favor by feasting on her ears, eyelids and neck as,
with intrepid fingers and palms, I explored the Amazon jungle between her
tightly-squeezed thighs.

     "Bill, you are ready now," I said confidently, and he nodded his head
vigorously, eyes closed.  His dick was still very much erect.  I moved to
kneel at his feet, and said:  "Now I will allow you to feel the same tingly
sensation you saw on the screen.  The lips slipped over and over and over
his penis, and it got bigger and bigger with excitement."  I opened the
rubber, and began slipping it onto his cock.  His whole pelvis jerked at the
contact, and I said, "Bill, don't move!  Just feeeel the tingle as you
remain asleep!"

     As I rolled the rubber down, my hands couldn't resist squeezing on his
erection.  I had never touched a man this way before, or ANY way, come to
that!  I guess his trance made it easy to dare.  I could imagine what he was
feeling pretty well, and my fingertips delicately followed his bursting
contours.

     "Now you will dream of a beautiful woman, a woman who wants you to
stick your cock right into her, Bill!  She wants you to hold her ass, and
lift her up and down on your dick.  She's wet and steamy-hot for you Bill,
so I will allow you to gain all your mighty strength back into your arms.
You will lift her and lower her many times, until I let you release your
come.  Tell me you will obey!"

     "I will obey you, I'll obey you!"

     "You may lift your arms.  Feel her beautiful soft buttocks in your
hands," and Zarah backed up to the sofa.  She was grasped, and squeezed, and
her eyes sparkled as she faced me.

     "I'm hot, James, I'm soooo hot!  No fooling around, let him pump me!"
she whispered urgently.

     "Bill, follow my timing commands.  You may lower her right down onto
your thick strong root now.  Hold her right there!"

     She was impaled on his cock.  She wriggled her bottom all around,
squeezing herself onto her intruder. This alone was enough to trigger her
orgasm.  As I watched, her neck flushed, and her fingers flew over her
clitoris.  Her eyes squeezed shut, and her breasts jiggled attractively.  I
sucked a nipple, hard as a little wooden peg, and she said "Awrkk."  I
sucked the other one, and she said "Ooooohhh."

     "Are you ready for your fucking, Zarah?"

     "Yes, you bastard... Fuck me, Bill, fuck me!" she insisted, forgetting
that he was MY subject this afternoon!  He simply sat there, waiting for my
orders!  What a power trip!  She writhed around in frustration.

     She was too hot to think of pulling her mesmeric tricks on me just
then, or she chose to let me run things.

     "You like waiting for a fucking, Zarah?"  I challenged, and she cursed
me again.

     "I'm hot, James, make him fuck me!  Make him fuck me hard!

     "Bill," I said, ignoring her (for which I'd pay a price later!), "What
weight can you curl?"

     "Nnnngh... nnnnghghgh... two-eighty for twenty reps... Urrgh, it's
tingling, it's tingling!"

     "Bill, you will remain pleasurably erect, and just a little numb until
I release you!  Obey me!"  He settled back again, and Zarah glared at me.  I
averted my eyes, I wanted to be aware of my entire production!

     "See, Zarah, he can lift a lightweight thing like you a good while,
especially when you help!  You're ready?"

     "James... look at me please... " came her voice, quivering yet low and
firm.  I resisted.  I resisted!

     "Wait, Mistress, I just want it to be perfect... I'm starting now!
Bill, you will now lift and lower your woman.  Up and down she goes,
there... " I said soothingly to Zarah, "is that all right?"

     "James, I'll....   I'll repay you for this... this.... oh God, make him
go faster."

     "Please?"

     "Yes, please, please, you dildo head.. Oh, ohhhh..."

     I risked turning back.

     "Wonderful, Bill, it feels good, doesn't it, how does it feel on your
big cock?"

     "It's hot and slippery.  It's squeezy on my cock!"

     "Bill, you have fine strong arms.  In your deep dream now you must lift
and lower her faster, faster.  Good, it's easy, isn't it?"

     "Yes she is very light."

     "Brace your elbows a little, and you can go on and on, it feels sooo
good, Bill!"

     My mistress agreed, she had leaned back completely against Bill's
chest, and her head hung backwards.  Her thighs straddled his knees, and I
had an incredible view.  He lifted her up and lowered her down with
metronomic regularity.  Her arms now flopped down to her sides, and her
titties poked up toward me, as her shoulders pulled themselves backward.
She seemed to be pretending she was helpless and soft and unable to move by
her own will!  I made a mental note of her state, as I adjusted her camera,
and zoomed in a little.

     She was approaching another climax, when I made another change.  I was
really banking on her sexual fervor to save me from retaliation.

     "Slow down now, Bill, slow down and stop.  Hold her up higher.  Higher
and higher. Lift, I command you!"

     And soon his sheathed erection was poking into the air, just below a
gaping pair of engorged labia.  They dripped continuously onto his pubes.
She wiggled her butt, but his arms didn't budge.  Her eyes were wild as they
flew open.

     "Lower her back into your lap," I said.  As he complied, I held his
penis and prevented it from sliding back inside.  The TV screen replayed the
closeup of a cock nestled snugly in Zarah's cleft.  She reached down and
grabbed it.  She rubbed it and slid it sideways over her labia, and vibrated
it against her clit.  Now she was coming again, to the chant of "Damn you
... damn you ... damn you..."

     "Mistress, I want you please to suck me as you come," I begged, in my
most subservient tones.  "Lean forward and suck me.  Please?  I'm so hot,
Mistress!"  This was a tactic to blunt her anger, and leave her feeling in
control of SOMETHING.  It worked, she leaned forward as I requested, and her
lips met my shaft.  Then she nipped me slightly with her teeth, which set me
off.

     "Bill, you have your dreamy hot cunt now.  Your dick is tingling.  Lift
your cunt as fast as you want.  Jiggle it.  Drop it down on your pole.
Fuck.  Your wet dream will come upon you.  Fuck fast and hard!"

     And we were off.  Later, watching this scene on the tape years later, I
would always come almost immediately, and so would anyone else who saw it.

     Zarah leaned way forward.  My knees were bent so I could lean forward.
My cock thrust forward and upwards into her mouth.  Zarah made noises in her
throat, which was being jiggled up and down by the motions of her body.  Her
arms soon dropped away and dangled and flopped loosely down, as she was
supported by Bill's strength and my hands under her armpits.  She had
stiffened her torso so that as she was lifted, her lips slid up, as she was
dropped, she took as much as possible of me in.  Sometimes she tightened her
mouth so I just jiggled.  I heard Bill grunting and gasping as he pistoned
onto her, and she had stopped saying "Damn ... damn... damn," and was now
chanting "phphphuck... phphphuck... phphuck" around my dick.

     I felt my climax.  Her tongue ravished me as it felt my first tiny wet
burst, then I was pumping out, pumping and pumping.  I pushed her back
upright, and she trailed ribbons and filaments of jism from her slack lips
as she flopped back against Bill again.  Lift and drop lift and drop lift
and drop...

     Her hands worked at her clit again, and I stepped over and coated my
hands in the juices from mouth and cunt.  I rubbed them over her breasts,
and their tips puckered up fearfully hard.  She gasped quite loudly, and
came as I massaged juice into her face and scalp as it jiggled up and down,
up and down.  The base of Bill's cock was inundated by her spendings.

     "Are you ready to come, Bill?"

     "Yessssssss!"

     I pulled Zarah off, and she lay panting on the carpet, eyes closed,
buttocks still squeezing, fingers between her legs, and I knelt down right
between his outstretched feet.

     "And now, deep in your wet dream, you're fucking, fucking, fucking!"
His lips pulled back over his teeth.  I smelt Zarah's gusher all over his
condom, and spoke again to him, very loudly.

     "You will say "Coming" out loud now, over and over, until you are
spent, and deep asleep again.  Come."

     I touched my own fingertips to his testicles.  I smelled Zarah, I
tasted the pussy as my lips closed lightly around his shaft.  Bill was
saying "coming" very loudly, slower and slower, and I felt the tube of flesh
in my mouth, encased by its thin slippery sheath, and it suddenly seemed to
weigh more.  I pulled back and watched as I tickled Bill's balls, and felt
them pucker.  The reservoir was suddenly cloudy, and stuck out as his fluid
began to jet.  I knew how he felt, believe me!

     "Com-m-m-mingggg," crooned Bill, leaning back.  I milked and tickled
him further, watching the cloudy liquid pulse into the rubber, oozing around
his bulbous tip, backing almost halfway up the length of his pecker.

     "Com-m-m.... " came the very low voice, and now I heard his breath
deepen and strengthen again.  His erection was drooping, but when I held it
again, I felt a surge.  I rested my hand there, squeezing gently on his
softening penis like I did to myself when masturbating.  I rotated his
balls, and cupped them, as they too slowly softened and hung down again.
Bill slept.

     Zarah was whispering something from the floor, and I bent down to hear.

     "Suck me clean too, James, please?  I loved it when you cleaned me
yesterday.  Send him back to the park.  Hurry!  I'm still aroused!  Show him
a pendulum, you'll get hard again too!"

     That I couldn't believe, but I rolled myself upright, and pulled his
track pants up again.  I took his hands, and bade him stand.  He rose up out
of the sofa as if he were oiled.

     "Bill, I will now send you back to the park.  Do you remember where you
came to meet Zarah?"

     "Yes."

     "You will be alert as you walk there now.  When you arrive, you will
give yourself a signal.  This signal will cause you to sit on a park bench
and fall deep asleep.  Understand?"

     "Deep asleep," he nodded.

     "Yes, and when you awaken, you will remember NOTHING of this
afternoon... you never met Zarah, you have not met me... you spent the whole
afternoon jogging, and sleeping in the park.  Repeat."

     "...Jogging and sleeping in the park."

     "Perfect.  Here is your signal.  extend your arm straight in front of
you.  Yes.  Open your sleepy eyes.  Good... now, hanging from your finger is
a shiny pendulum, Bill.  I'll take your hand and move it just a little.
Watch the pendulum sway and sparkle in the light.  When you see it clearly,
tell me... "

     "... I see it," he said, and his eyes swayed back and forth.  Yes, the
sight made my cock rise again!

     "You see it sparkle clearly.  This is your signal.  When you get to the
park bench, hold out the pendulum, watch it for a few seconds, become
drowsy, drop off to sleep right on the bench.  Forget everything from the
time you met us today.  Obey all my orders, Bill."

     "I will obey you."

     "Of course you will.  Now you may leave.  You are alert, and you will
stay alert enough to get to the park."

     He left us, and I turned to Zarah, with a semi hard-on.  It stiffened
as she praised my abilities.

     "You will make a wonderful master, James!" she cooed, "I knew you
would!  Would you like to fuck me now?"  She lay on her back, opened her
eyes (and her knees) wide, and lifted her pudendum up toward me.

     I was on her in a flash.  The rest you can imagine, but it didn't last
long, I was so exhausted!


                    Zarah.7txt     Bill and Teresa

     Next afternoon, Zarah and I walked up the sidewalk of a duplex on the
north side of town.  She confessed to being awfully turned on by her bout
with Bill the day before.

     "James, I'm randy as can be!" she giggled, again using a slightly
antiquated speech that made me think that English was not her primary
language.  "I just want to indulge myself with that hunk this afternoon...
I'm sure you and Teresa can find things to do, mm?"  She grabbed my hand,
and rested it right on her ass as she glided up the walk to the small row
house ahead.

     "I'm sure she'll find you attractive... especially since you don't
smell as bad today!"  Another giggle, and I blushed (and seethed a little
inwardly).

     After our "guest" Bill had left us, I had fucked myself quickly into a
stupor between Zarah's thin but strong thighs.  On recovering, I had been
headed for my bathroom, when she had innocently asked my purpose.

     "Gotta take a dump, Babe!" I said, nonchalantly, and stupidly!  First,
she hates cavalier macho terms like "babe!"  Second, she remembered that I
had teased her with Bill earlier that day, and now was an opportunity for
instant revenge!

     "Did you say 'dump,' my dear?" she asked innocently.  I was turning to
make another wise crack, when I felt her approach me.  Her finger reached
around to tap my forehead, and my legs stopped moving, as if a power switch
had been cut.

     "What are you doing, Zarah?" I complained (still in Stupid Mode).  I
was awake, but rooted to the floor!  I realized then that I had been
implanted with more than one unbreakable suggestion, just as I had done to
Bill a few minutes before.  THEN I remembered the video I had seen of myself
"chained" invisibly in my bathtub.

     The pressure in my bowels had perversely built up to a sharp pang all
of a sudden, and I had to go!  But Zarah was walking around behind me (I had
reached the kitchen before being zapped) and patting my bare ass fondly.  I
groaned as she rubbed my groin, pressing it and making the urgency grow
unbearable.

     "Ooopsy-doopsie, here comes your poopsie!" she chanted, and like an
overstrained spring, I felt my anal sphincter begin to give way.  She
pressed me again, HARD, and... you guessed it... I was emptying my bowels
onto my linoleum.  I grunted like a pig as the relief swept over me.

     I confess now that I wasn't too embarrassed.  I must have been
"persuaded" on other unremembered occasions as a part of Zarah's
reinforcement, and indeed, she stated as much to me, as I mopped and
scrubbed the mess away.

     "Do let's remember the natural pecking order here, lover!" was her
comment, "and be glad I don't have you rinse off your nice clean floor with
a deposit from the National Bladder Reserve!"  She chuckled again as I
hurried away to piss (and to clean my lower half up) before she changed her
mind.

     My success with Bill lingered in my ego, even after that small
humiliation, and carried me through my entrance into Bill's house next day.
He and his wife were both there.  Zarah had told me that she had been
"helping" Teresa deal with a feeling that her breasts were too small.  I
remembered Bill's fondness for big floppy ones, confessed to me the day
before.

     "We work with mental images, of course," Zarah confided.  "You'll see,
and I know you'll join right in with the spirit of the thing, won't you
James?"

     I assented (I was going to say no, right?), and just before the door
opened, Zarah gave my cojones a gentle shake of encouragement.

     Teresa was a fairly skinny brunette, possessing an ordinary figure with
wide, bony hips.  Her skin was a gorgeous smooth pale cream tone,
unblemished except for several freckles on her cheeks and forehead.  I
judged her unexciting, probably because (horror of horrors!) she was
obviously uninterested in me!  She seemed quite stand-offish.

     Their living room was low-budget conventional, even sporting an old
"Lava-Lite" over on an end-table!  A small sofa and recliner, plus a couple
of chairs and the usual "entertainment module" made up the balance of the
decor.  No books, no magazines save a Newsweek and a TV Guide.

     After greeting us, Bill fetched beverages and Teresa plunked herself
down on the sofa.  She chatted exclusively to Zarah, while Bill rather
apologetically did the male-bonding bit with me about ball scores and the
like.  He seemed completely unaware of his activities on the day before, and
treated me as a stranger that Zarah had dragged along.  We were listening to
Zarah give some rather bland statistics about her "counselling work,"  when
she shot me a sideways glance, and stood up.

     "Bill and Teresa have been very helpful to me in my research, James,"
Zarah remarked.  She leaned over to the Lava-Lite and switched it on.  It
glowed and started doing it's thing.  Big deal...

     Except it was a big deal to the young couple, whose chatter had
stopped, and who watched the lamp VERY intently.

     "I use different reinforcement as is suitable and fun,"  Zarah said to
me, now ignoring Bill and Teresa, who had sat back into their cushions,
staring blankly at their lamp!  "Of course, I've already done a few sessions
with them both."

     Turning back to the pair, Zarah now commenced her verbal induction.

     "What's happening to you, Bill?"  she demanded softly, and Bill seemed
to try for a minute to turn towards her.  His eyes were already blinking
slowly.

     "I am...watching the light...watching the light..." he intoned, as if
he were chanting.  "I can't look away...I must watch it...closely..."

     "Watch it, Bill...right into it...and Teresa, tell me how you feel,
dear."

     "I can't move...my body is still...I am feeling so very...very..." she
trailed off, and I saw her right arm jerk a little on her lap.  Zarah told
her to continue, and she did so, reciting her rote lessons obediently.  I
moved right up next to her so I could watch her face and body closely.

     "I see nothing but our light," she breathed.  I saw her facial muscles
loosen, and her features become smooth as she went on.  "Nothing exists
except for the light...the wonderful light...I must watch and listen
carefully...listen..."

     "What will you listen for, Bill?  And you may close your eyes now."

     "I will hear your voice, and obey your commands," Bill replied now, in
a deep monotone.

     His wife's arm jerked again, and commenced to rise off her lap,
followed by the other.  The hands lifted up towards her face, and her
fingertips began to circle and stroke herself round her temples.

     "What do you feel, Tessie?"  The answer was instant.

     "I feel my Mistress stroking me, making me go deeper and deeper."

     "Yes, of course you are.  Now as you drift away, you will find you may
speak honestly and frankly without any shame before I make you go deeper.
Tell us about your negative image of yourself."

     "I've been embarrassed about my figure," began the girl.  "I wore
padded bras, but... but why should I have to, anyway?"  she pleaded.  Her
face transparently showed frustration, and a tear lurked in the corner of
one eye, even as she continued her self-massage.

     "All right, Tessie very good.  I will now allow you to  slow-w-wly spin
right into your light... and deepen now," droned Zarah, and Teresa's face
quickly cleared and her eyes shut.  Zarah lowered the girl's hands to the
couch.

     "I shall now open your blouse, my dear Tessie, feel its silky smo-o-o-
othness slip and slide off the lovely sleek muscles of your elegant long
neck, over the shoulders, over the shoulders and down the arms... smooth,
smooth silk on your lovely bare, warm skin... those soft, strong shoulders
and arms..."

     Teresa allowed the removal of her clothing with a faint smile, and sat
up a little straighter with pride at her mistress' praise.  Her bra was
quickly unsnapped and discarded, and I saw that Teresa's breasts were indeed
narrow and elongated, with a tendency to be a little floppy.  Their pale
skin tone set off a lovely pair of pale pink tips.  They rose and fell in
deep untroubled breaths.

     Lordy, I was hard!  I wanted to lick her parted lips, and stroke that
unresisting flesh...I wanted to command her, as Zarah did so very
effortlessly.

     "Tessie, we know that beauty starts with fitness and pride, and self-
love.  You have been working hard on your pectoral muscles over the last
three weeks, doing your exercises happily... show us how you work."

     Teresa began a typical isometric routine of pressing and pulling hand
and arm movements.  Indeed, the soft mounds lifted and fell, lifted and
fell, bouncing with smooth elasticity as Teresa exercised.  Zarah and I
watched her silently for a while, and when she spoke again, her voice had
grown huskier.

     "That's wonderful, you can be very proud, girl... you may feel proud of
your development... now that pride," she went on, seeing the woman smile
happily, "that is good for your mind and body.  Now in a moment, I will turn
you over to James.  You will allow him to guide you for a while, obey him
instantly just as you do me, yes?"  The girl nodded.

     "Oh, Williammm..."

     "Yes..."

     "Are you deep for me, dear?"

     "I am very deep now..."

     "Open your zipper."

     His fingers fumbled at his trousers, like mine must have on that first
night, like mine were now!  Zarah brought two low stools closer, and lifted
his feet up to rest on them.  She moved the stools about three feet apart,
opening his legs.  She then touched the subject's forehead, and said, more
commandingly, "James, pull off his pants and his underwear.  That's fine,
toss them over there, yes.  Now Billy..." she crooned.

     "Yes, Mistress."

     "We can look at you, we're watching you respond to my commands...
you're so lovely, my darling... we can see everything... we can see that
lovely package hanging so sweetly down between your thighs... hanging and
dangling down, dangling so-o-o heavily and thickly...  it's tingly, now,
with a tingly, prickly heat, it tickles your knees, your thick muscles on
your legs, it tingles so-o-o pleasurably, doesn't it dear?"

     As I watched, each slow regular beat of Bill's pulse seemed to surge
right up into his cock, and it stirred along his muscular thigh, stirred,
and lifted rhythmically, pulsingly, more and more upright.

     "Surging up into the air now, straight up...Billy, your penis will now
become fully erect for all of us to see.  Erect now!"

     The cock straightened out.  It gave a jerk, frozen stiffly for an
instant, and I saw its knob swell as the man gave a little gasp.  I really
had an impulse to touch its hardening length... but my hands were already
occupied.

     Teresa had continued her self-deepening, apparently oblivious to her
husband's condition, and I reached out to her.  I touched her circling
fingers, and they stopped.  I pulled her arms out in front of her, and they
remained stuck in mid-air, wherever I placed them.  I lifted her arms above
her head, and looked to Zarah.

     Zarah had reached under Bill's shirt and was caressing his chest.  She
nodded at me.

     "Yes, Tessie's in a somnambulistic state... just like you're
sleepwalking, aren't you, Teresa?"

     Almost inaudibly came a low groan from the woman.  I immediately began
caressing her face and neck, as if she were a living, breathing mannequin.
When I pulled on her hands, after a moment she rose unsteadily from her
couch and stood before me.  In the background of my attention was Zarah's
voice, as she took her pleasure with Bill.

     "I just love to watch your erection, Billy... I'm so-o-o attracted to
the sight of your pulsing, twitching cock... your long root growing and
swelling... you're getting stiffer and stiffer, Billy, stiffer and
stiffer... remember, dear,  you may not come yet, just tingle a while why I
watch you."

     I saw his root sway and twitch, stiffen and loosen.  So did Zarah, who
was now undressing herself hastily.

     I was standing before Teresa, my own member throbbing madly.  My
fingers were fumbling at her skirt, pulling it down and off, and then her
pantyhose.  Her shoes were still on.  I pulled everything down to the floor,
and lifted one foot at a time out of the little heap.  I could smell her
pungent sweat.  As I led her into the bedroom, I looked back.

     Bill now sported a flaming red condom on his thick six or seven inches.
He was sitting upright, with Zarah in his lap.  His head still lay back
along the couch, but his hands were under her ass, and his bulging arms
moved her body effortlessly, up and down, impaling her slowly and
relentlessly like a weightlifter doing arm curls.  Zarah called out in
rather a breathless voice:

     "Tessie!  Do what James tells you now!   You are sleepwalking, but
responsive!  --Ohh, that feels good and hard -- James, bring her back soon
for -- ooooh! --- for her lesson!"

     I looked again at MY subject (courtesy of the REAL mistress, of
course!) and almost creamed myself right then and there!  Stark naked, soft,
relaxed, ready to obey ME!  What to do?  What to try?

     I tested her.  "Teresa...can you hear me?"

     "...Yes..."

     "Teresa... I want your lovely eyes open for a moment."  They opened,
and she looked straight ahead.

     "Wonderful.  You are my subject, and I will now begin to control you.
I will soon turn a very powerful magnetism on you.  It will be
irresistible... my voice, my hands, my burning stare... You will love the
feelings inside you as my power washes over you, Teresa.  Prepare to respond
to my power."

     I made a theatrical beckoning gesture, and she turned towards me.  I
motioned towards her hands, and they floated up in front of her.  Silently,
I continued gesturing, and soon her arms hung above her head, showing
occasional tremors.  Her gaze was riveted on me, and she was breathing hard.

     I swayed from side to side, and she echoed the movement.  I closed the
gap between us, and very slowly widened my eyelids.  Again she copied the
gesture.

     I now reached out and grasped her firmly by the waist.  I made her
continue her swaying movements, and circled around behind her.  My hands
stroked up her side, through her tufts of underarm fuzz, up to her quivering
fingertips, and back down.  My burning dick brushed across her spine, and I
jerked it against her body.

     I left her standing there, and returned to watch her.  I pointed down
at my cock, and her eyes stared down at it.  I held it, and circled it
around, she watching like her life depended on it.  This was all too much
for me.  I lay back on her bed, and masturbated.  It took only a few strokes
until the juice boiled out and over my hand.

     I stood up after I had calmed down.  I held my slimy fingers in front
of her mouth, and brushed her lips.

     "Sweet, very sweet," I said, and her tongue emerged to taste.  She
licked my hand clean.

     I lowered her arms to her sides, and she sighed.

     "Walk to your bathroom."

     "Yes, James," she said, and she went in.

     "Sit down.  Good.  You will wash every inch of your body now, til it's
squeaky clean.  Dry yourself well, then return to your living room.  Quickly
now!"

     I returned to see Zarah by the little stereo set in the living room.
Bill sat upright on the sofa, eyes open and looking at us, nude, hands
placed flat on his thick thighs.  There was no condom to be seen.  Zarah
smiled languidly at me.

     "You masturbated, didn't you?"  I nodded.  "Well, so did I, with some
help.  Well, good, the rest of the day is for our clients... and here comes
our lovely starlet... Teresa, can you hear me?"

     The girl ignored her, merely walked over to me and waited.

     "Oh-h-h-h, you really made an impression, James!  Give her back now!"
I gave the instructions, and Zarah roused her to a semblance of wakefulness
also.  Neither could have been truly up, because there was no reaction to
our nakedness!

     "Now dears, I will play your special secret tape for you, just like you
may do when you feel like it.  Listen closely as I've taught you!"  She
flipped the switch, and the audio began with her own voice.

HELLO, MY DEARS.  I'M SURE YOU ARE ALONE, AND HAVE ABOUT A
HALF HOUR FREE FOR YOUR EXERCISE.  YOU WILL BOTH BE VERY
STIMULATED, SO BE SURE YOU ARE ALONE AND HAVE THE TIME TO PLAY
THE ENTIRE TAPE.

TURN ON YOUR MAGIC LAMP NOW, AND WATCH IT CLOSELY FOR A MINUTE
OR SO.  YOU WILL KNOW WHAT TO DO THEN.

     Bill reached over, and in the silence they watched their Lava-Lite,
slumping back in their seats quickly.  The silence stretched out, and then a
soft chime note faded into hearing.

WONDERFUL, YOU'RE BOTH PREPARED AND YOU MAY REMOVE YOUR LIGHT.
TERESA IS SITTING ON HER CHAIR, AND BILL IS ON THE SOFA.  YOU
ARE LOOKING AT EACH OTHER NOW.  IF YOU HAVE ANY CLOTHES ON,
REMOVE THEM.  ENJOY THE SIGHT OF YOUR BODIES.

     More silence, then another chime.

HEAR YOUR VOICES AS YOU PREPARE FOR YOUR EXERCISE.

     Then came recorded voices of our two subjects, spliced into each other,
with lots of echo, like in a dream.

BILL:  YOUR SKIN IS VERY SMOOTH AND CREAMY.  I LIKE TO SEE
YOUR BODY.  I LOVE TO SEE YOUR BREASTS.

TERESA:  YOU ARE SO STRONG, AND I LIKE TO SEE YOUR BULGING
MUSCLES FLEX.  YOUR LEGS ARE SO STRONG, AND YOUR ARMS CAN BE
SO STRONG, BUT THEY TOUCH ME SO SOFTLY AND TENDERLY TOO.

BILL:  I WANT TO HEAR YOU TALK ABOUT YOUR BREASTS IN THAT
SPECIAL WAY.  I WANT YOU TO SHOW ME EVERYTHING, AND TALK ABOUT
EVERYTHING.

TERESA:  I LIKE TO DO WHAT YOU SAY.  I HAVE SPECIAL THINGS TO
SAY ABOUT MY BREASTS, AND THEY MAKE ME FEEL GOOD.  IT'S GOOD
THAT YOU LIKE TO LOOK AT ME AND TOUCH ME.

BILL:  WHEN YOU ARE PROUD AND STRONG I GET VERY VERY EXCITED.  I FEEL EXCITED
NOW.

TERESA:  I AM VERY PROUD AND STRONG.  I WANT TO SAY MY SPECIAL THINGS NOW.

BILL:  SAY YOUR SPECIAL THINGS NOW WHILE I WATCH YOU.

     The chime interjected again, as the voices faded.  The two pairs of
eyes were locked together.  A soft gentle music started up in the
background, and Zarah was heard again.

YOU HAVE ALL YOUR CUES NOW, AND YOU'RE BEGINNING TO FEEL VERY
SPECIALLY TINGLY FEELINGS.  KEEP THIS TAPE SAFE AS I TAUGHT
YOU, UNTIL YOU DON'T NEED IT ANY MORE.  ENJOY YOUR WONDERFUL
BODIES NOW, DEARS.  YOU MAY BEGIN, TESSIE.

     "Yes, Mistress," answered Tessie, "The edge of a spiral, the edge of a
circle, the edge of a cone, a soft cone... around the edge and inwards to
the tip, the point of the cone, the mound, the breast.  Feel my attention
spiralling slowly, slo-o-owly around the very outside edge of my bosoms, my
eyelids can close now, as you watch me... watch and feel that focus
circling, circling, circling... circling... "

     Her shoulders had ceased to slump, and were pulling backwards.

     ''I can feel my breasts.  They feel... larger... more important... they
are sticking out from my chest... When I open my eyes, I will see you
watching them."

     "I AM looking at them," answered her husband, "they're so soft and
lovely, I can't look away... talk some more, honey, I'm getting hot watching
them stick out at me!"

     "You like titties, Bill... titties... My nice, nice tits, my titty-
titty-titties... they're so-o-o nice... look hard, hard, hard at them..."
and her hands held them up towards her husband.  "What will I see when my
eyes open up?"

     "Baby, you'll see me on fire!  Hold them up higher.  Open your eyes
now, please!  I want you to see how hot you're making me with your big soft
tits!"

     Tessie's shoulders were back, and her hands fondled and stroked at
herself as she looked across at the couch.  Her husband was leaning way
forward, and he actually licked his lips as he stared at her offerings.

     "Oooh sweetie," she crooned, "I love to see your eyes when they burn
like that.  Do our special booby game now, I want to hear you talk, and I'll
do whatever you say."

     "God, Tessie," he babbled on, "the skin on your tits is real smooth,
smooth and white, and they move so nicely when you breathe in...  I love to
look at them!  You're holding and rubbing them, and you're getting excited,
I can see!  Your tips are all pointy and hard!"

     "Mmmm... make me do the booby game, the booby game!"

     "O.K., here we go, baby, ready?  Concentrate, concentrate and I'll make
you feel sooooo special.  Jesus, I'm really hot now.  O.K.  I'm watching
your beautiful boobies!  They are looking so heavy and full of your sweet
hot blood pumping, honey," chanted Bill, "they're feeling strong, and heavy
and big, like big, glorious melons... like wonderful, tingly melons... they
feel like big udders, baby... like big, plump tight balloons... bigger and
tighter... don't you feel them pulling you downwards, down to hands and
knees, where they can hang heavily and softly down... their weight is
pulling you forward and down... forward and down... down on all fours now!"

     Teresa toppled over forward off her chair, panting, onto hands and
knees.  Her head hung loosely down, and swayed back and forth as she still
gazed under herself at her long swinging tits, and their hardened nipples.
She crawled towards her husband.

     "I'll lie on my back now," said Bill, stretching out on the rug, dick
standing up like a flagpole.  "Come to me, baby.  I want to look right up at
those big, sensitive boobies.  So-o-o sexy you feel, you feel just like a
big soft... beautiful... animal, you're really big now, baby."

     I lay flat on my back, and soon saw her damp black hair brush his
chest, saw her eyes, the heavily-breathing mouth and taut neck move, until
her engorged nipples dangled down just above his navel.  They swung back and
forth, sometimes achieving a circular motion as her torso wriggled.  I was
hard again, my schlong poked up from my belly, and I let it out into the
light.  Zarah held it lightly, squeezing now and then.

     "Caress me now, James... very very gently, because I'm so-o-o silky-
sensitive, you can begin a very slow caress... "

     Tessie's nipples were like hard pink buttons, as he finally reached
them with circling fingertips.

     The swaying torso quivered, and I saw a hot droplet strike Bill's
neck... Tessie's cunt was dripping!  Another drop, and that odor wafted up
to my nostrils.  His thigh muscles bunched up and relaxed as he drew
fingertips delicately down her mammaries.

     "Tessie, you're my beautiful animal." demanded Bill.   "Tell me about
your bursting milk glands... your milk tubes are really burning hot.''

     "Billy... I want to... I want to be... milked... oooh, milk my silky-
smoooth tits, Billy... I want milking so bad... so bad!"  Another splash
from her cunny.

     Bill began a loose, soft pulling sliding motion along their length...
sliding down towards the tips, and grasping more firmly as they reached
Teresa's nipples.  Tessie, eyes closed now, circled her torso around
sensuously, deep into her fantasy.

     "A-a-a-h-h... your touch is so strong, I want to give up al-l-l my hot
milk... my hot breast milk... milk me now... mil-l-l-lk and stroke... mil-l-
l-lk and stroke me... God, I feel white hot while you mil-l-l-lk me..I'm so-
o-o hot all over!"

     Bill pulled and pulled.  I saw the early droplets of liquid seeping
making the tip of his cock shiny.  He maneuvered her backwards so her
drooping head could reach him.

     "Look, honey, I'm ready to burst... I feel really long and thick
tonight!  Kiss me and finish your story now, I'm getting ready to pop!"  Her
lips murmured over his prick, then he began pinching her nipples quite hard,
and this set her off.

     "Ah-h-h... you're sucking and mil-l-lking... suck... ing... mil-l-
lk..mil-l-l-lk... mil-l-l-lk... " she babbled.  "I feel the milk pouring out
of me... the thick sweet milk pouring and flowing... flo-o-ow-w-wing... God,
I can't stop the flowing... don't stop... I'm wide open... I'm horny... I'm
really horny... I'm thick, I'm gushing, my bags are hhu-u-uge and bursting
with thick sweet cre-e-e-eam... creeeeeam... "  Drop after scalding drop
from her cunt landed on his face and without even touching my own dick, I
sensed my long-delayed climax nearing - as did Zarah.  She stroked herself
and me simultaneously, with a more urgent rhythm now.  Her practiced hand
brought me to fullest extension as I braced myself and leaned back on my
elbows.

     "I can't wait, Billy, get up Billleeee," coaxed the girl.  Come and
smelllll meeeee, taste meeeee..." and she knelt forward as Bill surged to
his knees and approached her cunt.  His dick looked close up like a child's
baseball bat.  He snuffled and licked Tessie's cunt, and she squealed with
desire.  His strong voice rang out hoarsely.

     "You're all the way ready, cow... I'm your sweet long bull and I'm...
going... to... mount... you... and... slide... way... unnngh... up...
mmm... into YOUR CUNNNNT!"

     The penis, in one smooth powerful motion, thrust into Tessie.  She
actually made low mooing sounds as her husband grunted and snorted as he
plunged rapidly in and out.  Her labia clove wide apart to make way for his
great thickness.   His powerful hands grasped her hipbones and wiggled them
around, lifting her knees off the floor with his strength.

     Tessie's juices oozed out from time to time, and I saw her scrape her
breasts over the carpet to stimulate them even more.

     Zarah's hand automatically quickened on herself as she watched Bills
plunging buttocks squeeze tightly together, then spread wide as he reared
back.

     I spurted my emission onto her other hand suddenly.

     Bill held Teresa's butt up in the air, as her legs waggled and white
jism oozed out from her cunt around Bill's pumping shaft.

     Finally they were still, then she was lifted up and carried off to bed,
as Zarah's "motivational tape" continued its soft program.

     I left for home alone.  Zarah insisted on staying there for a bit.  I
didn't see her for several days, and I was jealous, thinking of her enjoying
Bill's attentions, and wishing to practice on someone.


              Zarah8.TXT:   The Massage and Farewell Party

     My final segment of this "fantasy" concerns my "graduation ceremony,"  my
last face-to-face encounter with the wonderful woman who had been my  mistress
for so many weeks.  I won't try to self-analyze this tale, just to  say that
it happened as I am about to tell you.  It occurred five days after  our joint
venture with Bill and Teresa.

     Location:  Zarah's motel office suite, in her back room.  Kathy was
sorting through some papers in the front room as I entered.  She seemed to  be
busy packing some boxes, but I got a bright smile, hug (and a highly  personal
squeeze) and hello from the short, vivacious blonde "receptionist."

     "Zarah says to go on back," she chirped.

     I'd not been back to the actual bedroom before, where I'd last observed
Zarah and her two female "clients."  It was just a bedroom, but a
professional massage table and heat lamp stood along one wall.  It was  draped
with a sheet.

     "Hello, good to see you."  In fact she had stayed away (as far as I
remembered) from my apartment since Bill and Teresa.  Her manner seemed
rather cool.  Her next words turned this impression into something  different.

     "Katherine and I will be moving next week," she said.  "I have booked a
series of performances in California, and I've spent the last several days
making sure that all our "clients" here understand that we may not be back
for some time."

     My emotions were indeed mixed at this news.  First came surprise,  tinged
with anger that I hadn't been told earlier.  I guess I thought I was  someone
"special."

     "James, you know that it was our mutual needs that made our short time
together interesting.  You are not in any sort of "love" with me, nor do you
consider yourself as my "slave," Zarah answered shortly.  "You and I have
done a lot of communicating about which you have no specific memories right
now!"

     I had to agree that that was certainly true!  The woman had almost  moved
into my pad without my conscious awareness!

     But the other feeling that I felt, I'm ashamed to admit, was pure self-
indulgence.  I had used our relationship chiefly to achieve sexual
gratification, on levels I had only dreamed existed!  Menage, sex with
compliant strangers, exhibitionism, bowel and bladder control, to say  nothing
of dabbling in bisexuality, all under the "protection" and "control"  of a
mutual "ringmaster!"

     "Yes, and do you know that you stated the chief thrill in the last
place, James?" came the reply, still in that weary, semi-depressed voice.
"Most of you are discovering your own sexual liberation, using hypnosis as a
shield against embarrassment and hurt.  Yes, yes," she continued, as I
started to object, "you are different in that the domination issue is
important to you.  But do you realize that every single activity we've acted
and seen together is perfectly legal between consenting adults?  Were it not
for social strictures, you all could have been engaging in your lustful
experiments all this time without me!"

     This was true!  I really hadn't thought of it that in that way before,
but I might have performed any of these acts with Brenda, Lily or any other
willing partners!

     "Correct, James.  Now think some more.  You all are acquainted with
others in our group.  Some of your specific memories will become hazy, and I
have ensured that none of you will ever be able even to WANT to blackmail
another.  But you all live around here, and similar pleasures are merely a
phone call away!"

     She was walking around behind me as I watched her in the bedroom  mirror.
I saw her reach a hand towards my neck, then felt her ol' Vulcan  Mind-Meld
take hold.  She leant my head back (unresisting as always) till I  was
observing the plaster ceiling as my consciousness sharpened.  I didn't  blank
out, but remained docile as she caressed my face and neck.  As I write  this,
I can state that I know she was talking to me, but I don't recall  anything
but a low buzzing murmur... my attention was kind of roaming around  counting
the holes in the ceiling tiles, until she roused me with a little  kiss on the
cheek.  Everything returned to focus.

     "My back is bugging me today, James," she complained, in a manner that
struck me as distant.  "It must be from the packing."

     "How about a back rub?" I offered.  "I know something about backs."

     She responded in a nonchalant fashion that put MY back up a little!
"I'll tell you what to do."

     She demurely turned her back to me, removed her shirt and slacks,  walked
over to the table.  I watch her ass twitch as she climbed up and  positioned
herself face down on the sheet, saying, "now no funny business,  right?  I
need some muscles loosened, and that's it!"

     Strange! from a woman that had shared so many sexual experiences with
me.  Nevertheless, I assented readily, and opened the bottle of massage oil.
She told me to let it warm in my cupped hands before I began on her  shoulders
and upper back.

     As I worked, she gave me fairly brusque instructions, just as she often
liked to boss me around, as to how to press, where to roll my hands, etc.  I
enjoyed seeing her naked skin under my hands, and gave myself privately up  to
fuck-fantasies galore.  I rubbed, circled, squeezed and kneaded just as  she
told me, and bit by bit, she relaxed, and began to groan softly as I  "hit
just the right spot" now and again.  Once, I let my hands stray down to  the
top of her buttocks, and she warned, "Watch it, James!" but in a very  mild
tone.

     Soon, all her muscles were relaxed, and between groans she informed me:
"that's perfect... just keep it up... don't stop now," and remarks of that
nature.

     "That's good," she grunted.  "I feel like... like soft putty... this
is... so-o-o relaxing... just rub... you're doing great!"  My ears perked  up.
I was hearing signals in her tone unlike any I'd caught before!  It  sounded
as if let me run things... or she wanted to pretend to submit for a  while.
What an unexpected turn-on!  I had to consciously steady my voice as  I
quickly answered "You're the boss!"

         "Of course I am... " she responded, but in a distracted, offhand
tone.

     I turned on the heat lamp, and continued my ministrations.  Soon I  tried
moving her folded arms down along her sides, and she allowed this
repositioning with only another groan.

     I very gradually began rolling my oiled fists further down her spine
with each pass, until I pressed her coccyx bone each time.  I also steadily
lightened my touch, moving from heavy pressure on each pass to lighter, more
caressing strokes.  Zarah's breathing became deep and regular, and her body
was motionless.  She was not talking any more, I noticed!

     I stroked heavily down each arm in turn, from shoulder blade, bicep,
forearm and wrist, right off the fingertips.  After several of these passes  I
heard a faint whisper:  "... Just... keep... going... it's perfect... "   Her
eyes were closed.

     I lightened my strokes further, and finally dared to lift her arms away
from her sides somewhat, so that I could observe the sides of her breasts,
pressing into the bedding.  She was limp and unresisting, and I began
caressing her inner arms, and her sides.  As my fingertips brushed over and
over her palms, her fingers began to close up as if she were being tickled.
I thought I was sensitizing her bodily response more and more with each
stroke.

     I moved back to her spine, and, avoiding her backside, moved down to  the
backs of her legs, very firmly and authoritatively pressing and kneading  the
muscles.  No resistance, but more sighing.  My strokes changed  direction,
starting at the knees and stopping just short of the base of each  buttock.
After only a few of these, I detected a change in her deep  breathing.  I
lightened pressure even more, until now each stroke was in  reality a light
caress.

     "I can work better if I remove all clothing, Zarah," I whispered.   There
was no reply but another soft sigh, so I gingerly took the waistband  of her
black panties and slowly but firmly slid them right down and off her  legs.
She was now completely nude.  I gloated over every pink inch of her,
especially those trim buttocks, whose muscles now appeared completely
flaccid.  I was careful to maintain a continuous stroking of her legs, and
she was apparently too far gone to care about her nakedness.

     "Zarah, I'll just keep on massaging you now," I said, tentatively.

     "... Yes-s-s... " came the low, dreamy whisper.  Her acquiescence gave
me more courage.

     "I'll keep on with my stroking," I continued.  "I like to stroke you,
Zarah.  It's very stimulating... this light stroking... I can tell you like
to be stro-o-oked this way too."  I tried to pace my voice to sound like her
own, and Zarah gave another soft "yes-s-s" in instant return.

     I brushed oiled fingers and palms right up her spine to the nape of her
neck, pinched it gently, and slid back down, where my thumbs found and
rotated the dimples at the top of her derriere.  Finally, I let my  fingertips
brush, almost by accident, right over her pink ass cheeks.  After  just a few
of these, Zarah began responding differently.  Her buttocks  quivered
slightly, and the glutei would occasionally clench up.  Each  exhalation of
her breath now brought a very soft sighing sound.

     I maintained a soft vocal tone, talking about "stroking" each time my
hands passed over her length.  I made my voice slower and deeper in pitch
little by little.

     I gained confidence with every new inch of territory gained.  I started
small fluttery circles and spirals up her legs, and now, when I reached her
ass, I found those delicious muscles pushing back up against my palms.  With
each repetition, this effect grew more pronounced.  Her breaths were coming  a
little faster now.  I made more regular passes over her buttocks, and as  my
teasing touch grew lighter, her upward response became stronger.

     My hands were eventually running all over her cheeks at will, and they
would follow as if magnetized.  The taut pale muscles pressed themselves  more
and more firmly up into my circling palms, and her sighs had grown  louder.

     I pushed Zarah's legs back down flat onto the mattress.  They were  still
pressed together, and I began seductively brushing along their outer  sides.
I tried talking to her again, very softly.

     "Zarah... ''

     "M-m-m-m... "

     "Zarah, what's happening to you?  I'm stroking you now, ver-r-ry
softly... what's happening to you as I stroke you?  What's happening to your
legs?  What are your legs doing, honey?''

     "... feels good... " came the low answer.

     "That's right, Zarah... I'm stroking your legs... stroking and stroking
and stro-o-oking... I can tell you enjoy the feeling."

     Sliding and caressing her thighs in continuous light motion.

     "You like me to stroke those beautiful legs... I've noticed how...
magnetic my touch feels to you, hmmm?  How there's an almost magical
attraction between my hands and your body... my hands and your entire body  as
I stroke it..."  I lightened up even more now as I brushed fingertips  along
her knees, which immediately quivered in response.

     "Your body shows a strong response to my hands, honey, almost a pull
right into my hands, a strong pull... " and I placed palms on butt again,  and
felt the upward thrust in response.

     "Yes, you feel it now too... a strong magnetism... stronger and
stronger, stronger and more powerful attraction... your legs now...  the
strong response as I stroke your legs."  I returned to her outer knees, and
watched in gratification as they quivered, quivered again, and began to
separate slightly!

     "Yes, each loving caress is a magnetic stroke... magnetic... feel the
strong pull, the powerful pull under my hands... what's happening to them
now?"  I tickled her outer calves, and the legs widened a little more.

     "... Opening... up... "  Her tone was suddenly high and breathless, as
she seemed to take on some little-girl persona.

     "That's right, Zarah," I went on, now surer of my dominance.  "You feel
your legs are opening at my direction.  Opening up farther and farther  now...
" I murmured, and soon her knees were a foot or so apart.  Again, she  sighed
deeply.

     "Yes, you may give deep, sleepy sighs as I continue to magnetize you...
I love your deeeeep looose breathing under my soooothing touch... my  magnetic
touch... it's more and more strong, more and more hard to resist  the
magnetism... you feel soothed and relaxed, yet excited by my touch,  don't
you, honey?  I love seeing your excitement... don't you feel helpless  now?
Helpless to resist my touch?''

     "... Oh-h-h" she gulped, "... help... less... "

     I changed to just a couple fingers on the inside of her knees, and her
legs closed.  Back to the outside, and they opened.  I ran palms up to her
hips, and they instantly raised again!

     "Yes," I intoned, "your body loves my touch... you love my strong hands
to move you, guide you, magnetize you... command you... command you...
command.''

     "... command me," came the faintest of moans.

     My hands roamed everywhere now.  I rotated her temples, stroked her
throat, which made her extend her neck, and brushed the soft outer edges of
her bosom.  I pressed down onto a palm, and as I lightened my touch, her arm
followed mine up off the table!  I found her calf equally ready to lift
upward, as one hand made light contact with it.

     Now, with her knees somewhat apart, I had a subtle and captivating view
of her splendid mount, and its thick curling hairs.  I maintained my touch
and my patter as I moved around her, peering closely at the fur-lined
treasure waiting down between her oiled buttocks.  I wished to see more, and
I felt more sure of her willingness.  I reduced my touches to one or two
fingers here and there, along a shoulder blade, around her ears, and her
flesh danced with excitement wherever it felt me.

     I decided to go for broke, and now slid three heavy fingers right down
her spine and paused, pressing lightly right at the top of her cleft.  My
other hand I cupped over her forehead.  I held her there, feeling my weight
pressing her down.  Her eyes were screwed tightly together, and her mouth  was
open.  She had not moved her head in a while, there was a damp spot  where
saliva had dribbled out onto the mattress.

     "Zarah," I tried in a firmer voice, "Your body responds to me eagerly.
I have only to touch you and your body obeys... You want only to obey my
voice and my touch."  I slid lower, against the upward thrusting of her
buttocks, slid my strong fingers further between her cheeks, down along her
hot, furry channel.  My oiled fingers split her thick labia easily, and slid
between her cheeks, which only quivered, and offered no refusal.

     The flat of my palm now reached way under her and cupped her mons,
lifting upwards lightly, and her ass surged straight off the table as she
breathed "yess... yesssss!"

     I removed my hands and stood back ogling the arch of her spine, the
extreme tight curvature of her buttocks, and the clenching and relaxing of
her fists.  I gloried in the film of sweat that shone over her entire skin.

     "You may lower your beautiful buttocks now," I continued, in a very
firm, matter-of-fact tone.  "You may  relax for a moment... but only for a
moment.  Remain ready instantly to respond again.  Remain in your deep,
obedient state.  I want you to acknowledge my control now.  Please repeat...
you hear only my voice... "

     "I hear only your voice... "

     "I am your master."

     "... You... you are... " she offered up a slight hesitation, and I
pressed her head and buttocks down again, forcing some breath out of her.

     "I... am... your... master."

     This time the response was quick, accompanied by a long, shuddery sigh.

     "Yes.  You are my master."

     "Yes," I intoned, rewarding her surrender with another intimate,
slippery caress.  "Feel my strong hand as your body lets it sliiiide right
over you.  Now Zarah, I will allow you a few moments to lie completely
submissive and peaceful, knowing that I will control your thoughts and
actions as I wish.  Remain in your sweet rest until I command you further."
With another light stroke I left her there, legs apart, one knee bent
slightly.

     In the outer office, Kathy's eyes widened as she took in my my oily
fingers and the flush on my face.

     "I have to have a camera... the office camcorder!"  I sputtered...
"Zarah... Zarah's... come, please and set it up for me?"  I pleaded.  She
looked solemnly at me, then without a word went to a cupboard.  She brought
back tripod and camera to the bedroom, where she started at the sight of her
boss in that uncharacteristic position!

     Still without a word, she set up and started the camera, then climbed  up
on the large bed and just watched us.

     Returning to the table, I reasserted my control over Zarah effortlessly
with a few fluttery passes, then positioned her stretched out face- downwards,
with her legs pressed together.  I made sure the camera could see  every inch
of her body.  I breathed softly into an ear hole, and stepped  back again.  I
rolled the table out into the room, so I could step behind it  and be on-
camera.

     "I can see everything, Zarah, al-l-l of your body is mine to control.
All of your will is fixed on obedience and submission... it feels so-o-o  good
to obey your master!  Speak!"  I held my breath - was this carrying  things
too far?

     "... I... obey... my master... " she droned, in a drugged tone.

     "Yes, of course you do," I commanded.  "And now, Zarah, now you will
notice that when I speak about your body it will feel just like the  powerful,
arousing magnetic touch of my hand.  My voice will touch you.  I  will
demonstrate this to you now."  I knelt down and placed my head next to  hers,
so my face would be visible on-camera.

     "I will begin long, hot caress now...  from your nape... " and I  briefly
touched her neck "... down, down, down your back... that's it, the  pressure
moves right down your sensitive backbone... pressing you strongly  down, down,
down deeper and deeper into compliance... "

     Sure enough, she arched herself as if in response to an actual physical
caress.

     "Your arms are being stroked now, right down to their fingertips... "
and her fingers twitched and fisted up as before.

     "Back dow-w-w-wn your spine, and now to a lovely light brushing and
cupping of your buttocks."  They quivered with a quick muscular contraction.
"Yes, those globes are s-o-o-o sensitive!  Swirling, tickling, caressing and
stimulating very, very lightly al-l-l over your buttocks... your beautiful
hot buttocks... keep your knees together now!"

     Her knees bent forward under her, pushing her buttocks off the bed.  I
moved back around to pan the camera in close-up from her tense face, right
along to her tush.

     "Continual delicious circling, circling, circling... I own your ass,
Zarah... I possess every luscious inch of your flesssshhh... give it to me,  I
will you to feel it!"

     She was flexing visibly, ass circling in mid-air, as she had when I was
actually touching her earlier.  One cheek tightened, then the other, then
both would stick up farther for a moment, displaying her anus and the rear
portion of her hairy slit.  I continued her arousal verbally, talking to her
of her obedience.

     Katherine was still... just watching, but her eyes were large and moist
in the lowered light of a bedside lamp.  I moved over to her.

     "Is this alright for you, Kathy?"  I asked.  "It's so strong, I have to
do it!"

     She looked back at Zarah, and her hands began to slide under her skirt.
She turned her humid orbs to me, and whispered:

     "In the drawer there, the top drawer, James!"

     I withdrew a good-sized dildo, and handed it to her.  I watched as she
fingered it suggestively.

     I returned to MY subject... MY subject, with her butt now humped up  into
the air!

     "You are trying to keep your knees together, and yet I can see right
between your hot cheeks!  That's right, no matter how hard you try and try  to
resist my power, you find that your arousal is pumping hot blood into  your
very secret places.  Pumping and pumping right into them!

     "Those very secret, private places are hot!" I chanted, "hot and
beginning to fill up.  Yes, I see your moist, thick flesh as it begins
pouting and parting... You've never experienced this thrill before, have  you?
To fe-e-l-l those lips of your sex become plump... plumper... plump -  er and
plump - er... say it, my sweet Zarah, say it!"

     I was popping little breaths into her ear with each word, and she
responded:  "...  plumper... plumper... plumper... plumper..''

     "Yes, so hot and they push outwards, they're so deliciously hot and
plump, aren't they?  There's no secret now, Zarah they're pouting open as I
seduce you and arouse your inner heat with my power... "

     And there they were as I returned to check the camera, her inner labia
swollen out dramatically, moist and reddish-brown before my feasting eyes.   I
moved the camera to one side, and set a fairly tight shot on her fanny.  I
removed my clothing, and my erection was twitching as I moved up behind that
incredible sight.

     Katherine's skirt had hiked up, and her thighs squeezed together, as  she
ran her play penis over them, then slipped it under her white cotton  panties,
rubbing it around.  Her dampness allowed her own inner engorgement  to be
visible to my fascinated eyes.  She twisted her pelvis against the  seductive
feelings of her smooth, thick tool.  It pushed the sodden material  aside, and
poked and slid delicately across the top of her triangle.

     I made sure that both she and the camcorder had a clear view of Zorah's
intimate organs, no longer intimate at all, but brazenly outthrust.

     "Yes, your knees are together, but your sex is wide wide open now.  I  am
right behind you.  You will now feel the hot head of my erect penis  stimulate
you even further.  Feel it?  I will tease your plump pussy up and  down...
up... and back down... spreading your hot, flowing arousal  everywhere."  I
let my twitching touch her at random all round her rotating  ass.

     "You hear nothing except my voice, my commands and your own pleasure
sounds," I said quickly, because Kathy over on the bed had plunged her tool
quickly inside her, and now lay there moaning as it stuck out from her  pussy.
She tapped on its end occasionally, and squeezed her thighs  together.

     Yes, Zarah was ready... her voice urgent now as she repeated  sensuously,
sort of to herself now:  "Plump-er... plump - er... "

     "Zarah, feel," I now ordered.  "Feel all your heightened tension now,  as
waves of delicious moist tingling spread from your cunt outwards!"

     I inserted my cock tip into her, and was unprepared for her instant
reaction!  Her rear pushed backwards right over most of my length.  She gave
an almost inaudible whimper.  She moved forward again too quickly, and I
stopped her hips to make sure we both felt every inch of our throbbing
contact.

     I held her still, and watched as her lips stretched open to admit my
knob, then stared as her tight channel swallowed every inch and my balls  were
dangling against those quaking muscles.  I saw that my pubic stubble,  now
growing back out but not yet curly and soft, scraped her labia lightly.

     "Zarah, obey me!  You may enjoy one silent, beautiful orgasm in ten
pulse beats.  Count them to yourself... you're hotter and hotter... then  come
for me!  Obey!"  I shouted, and gripped her cheeks, kneading her flesh.

     When her internal quiver began, I held her motionless against my belly.
Her pleasure seemed to last for minutes, fluttering against my rigidity, but
before I could come, I withdrew slowly.  Her cunt lips remained fairly wide
open as I left her.  I separated her knees by about two feet, and popped out
of the volcano.  The air felt cold on my superheated erection, but I had
decided an a final course of action for the video.

     I showed myself to Katherine, presenting my slimy length to her hungry
eyes, and, still bearing her rigid intruder, she slid down to the edge of  the
bed and presented me with HER privates!  I tickled her clit a moment,  then
pulled out her dildo, and gave it to her to suck on.  She slurped it  noisily
as I thrust into her.  She wanted a good fuck, but I knew I had only  enough
for one, and Zarah was still waiting further attention, so I grabbed  the
dildo back, and, holding Kathy's knees apart, gave it back to her fast  and
strong.  As she climaxed, I suddenly stopped the thrusting motions, and
simply tapped rhythmically on the exposed base of her dildo.  This caused  her
to thrash about and grab onto it again.  I let her finish herself off,  quite
loudly.  Zarah paid no notice.

     I remembered Zarah's willingness to exploit my bowel and bladder  control
for her own amusement.  I had a brain flash.  I left and returned  shortly
with some towels, which I spread between her legs.  I brought a  saucepan in
from the kitchen, too.  I positioned myself at her rear, and was  soon erect
again.  I dipped my cock back into her cunt an inch or so, and  rotated it in
a slow circle with my hand.  I pulled out and slid around her  now-exposed
clitoris a few times, then parked just inside her twat again.   She was moving
again, pinned by my organ in mid-air.

     "Zarah," I said, firmly,  "Zarah, your body is at my command!  All your
responses are mine to command, aren't they!"  A quick inner plunge and an
equally quick withdrawal brought a response instantly.

     "... ah-h-h-h!... yesss... "

     I continued stimulating her pussy and surrounding area with my dick.  I
had soon reduced my circling motion to just one finger.  I rocked back and
forth continually with my prick, but remaining about the same depth.

     "Zarah, you know my touch can relax you or stimulate you, can't it?  I
subjugated your will with my caresses, and I stimulate your beautiful sex
with just a word.  Listen and obey... listen and obey... focus all your
attention on THIS finger, Zarah... "  My finger circled around, twirling
lightly about her ass, moving in closer and closer to her anus.

     "That very tight sphincter is a muscle, isn't it?  What am I touching
now?  Answer me!''

     "... my... bottom... " came the whisper.

     I corrected her with sudden stop of my prick, and she gasped in
surprise.  I wriggled my fingertip all around the puckered anus.

     This muscle holds in the contents of your rectum, as you know very
well," I said.  It is your anus.  Say it!''

     "My anus," came the answer, quickly.  I resumed gently thrusts into her
cunt.

     "Yes, of course.  Your anus.  You must answer immediately, Zarah.  Fe- e-
el your reward... here is your reward from Master," and I plunged in and  out
once again.  She whimpered with pleasure.

     "Yes, the anus controls your rectum and your bowels, Zarah... bowels...
your bowels... ''

     "Yes... my bowels... " came the breathless mutter as my finger roamed
over her cheeks as if poking dough, and tickled along her perineum leading  to
the brown hole.

     "Bowels, Zarah... hear and obey my voice!   Your bowels feel full right
now, don't they? and you will find yourself needing very soon to discharge
your wastes... to let go... to lo-o-o-osen those very strained muscles... "

     My finger paused at her back gate, and I inserted just its tip.  As I
continued to speak, I withdrew my erection.

     "Just a little bit at first, you'll find a strong inner pressure
beginning to build.  You soon realize your bowels are full, fuller, and
fuller as I speak to you... they are actually packed tightly with hot brown
solids, that will expand tighter against your control, Zarah... more and  more
pressure... feel the pressure building...  resist as best you can!"

     Soon, Zarah had lowered her hips to the bed to help her control, and  her
mouth tightened up, trying to restrain the feelings I was evoking.

     I had stood up to adjust the camera angle again, when I felt soft  cupped
hands roaming over my own ass, and a scalding hot tongue force its  way up my
own crack!  Katherine's surprise assault distracted me only for a  moment.

     "You can't fight me, Zarah, you are attuned to my will now!  You like
the hot feeling, the knowledge that soon I shall allow you to let go... let
go soon, on my command... test your readiness now, woman... You cannot move
now!... You are paralyzed... concentrate on my powerful finger... "

     My index finger gently circled her exposed hole and slipped further
inside.  She grunted loudly at the intrusion, and her powerful sphincter
clenched around my knuckle, but I continued pushing, and slipped in to the
last joint.  I soon was causing her to rotate her ass high in the air just
with the movement of my finger, and I felt her convulsive efforts to stay
closed.  Her face was beet red, either from embarrassment or strain, I  wasn't
sure which!

     Katherine found me bending slightly to make her own assault easier.
Soon I felt sharp teeth nipping at my buttocks, and oiled fingers slipping
between my own defenses.  I pushed backwards and let her oily fingers slide
up over my balls, and back along my crack.  She gently pushed her own oiled
hand up to my prick.  I groaned.

     Soon, under my fingertip I could actually feel the hard end of a turd,
trying to push its way towards Zarah's entrance.  "Wait, Zarah, you can't
release yet... though you want to, you won't be able to open and relax that
sphincter till I say so!  It's so full, so ready, isn't it?  The lovely,  hot,
hot pressure inside your bowels?  Tell me, Zarah!"

     She spoke loudly now, unembarassed in her need.  "God... I have to
shit... it's pressing inside, so much pushing... it's hot... let it come
out... please!"  As I withdrew my finger slowly, her anus was puckering and
pursing up like a kissing mouth, and the brown head of that first turd soon
appeared in the opening.

     "What do you feel there at your opening, Zarah?''

     "Ngnghh... a turd... can't hold it in much longer... nghghgh... "

     "Yes you can, because I leave you just enough control to make you  wait!"

     Each time she dropped her control, more and more of the turd peeped out
from her anus.  Finally it had poked out too far to be withdrawn, and a
little hard lump was cut off, and fell onto the towels spread beneath her.

     My own lower half seemed to have been dipped in oil by this time, as
Katherine's teasing fingers slid everywhere.  I wanted my own release now,
but decided to take Zarah in her ass.

     "Zarah!" I now finished, "You are so tired now, and I will now let you
relax your control... as I pull your cheeks apart, wider and wider, wider  and
wider, the impulse to release will overwhelm you.  Your crack will open  wide
now.  You must let those long, hot turds push and thrust right out!   Your
body wants to expel.  Your hole will spasmodically release.  You may l- o-o-o-
osen your bowels now, Zarah.  Open them and release... here it  comes...
letting go al-l-l that pressure... feels so good now, Zarah...  now!"

     I grasped her butt, and slowly and rhythmically pulled the cheeks wider
apart.  They softened and relaxed, but I felt her belly tighten beneath her.

     Instantly, the first turd thrust smoothly out of a wide open sphincter,
and her cracked voice bawled out.  "Un-n-ngh... un-g-g-h-h!"  With each of  my
pulls outward, more and more brown matter appeared, dropping down over  her
pussy hairs, and plopping in lumps onto the towels.  I released my grip  on
her ass to grab the saucepan, but still her expulsions continued.  She  was
now moaning and sighing very low with relief.

     I held the pan below and slightly behind her crack.  I knew that
urination would follow, and sure enough, a bright stream shot out backwards,
as she lost all residual control.  The hissing was loud as the urine  splashed
into the pan.

     Soon her clenching abdomen forced out the last small dribbles from
bladder and rectum.

     When the flow trickled to a halt, I told her:

     "Now, Zarah, relax now... there's just your beautiful ass right up in
mid air - relaxing from your delicious release.  You will keep it way, way  up
in the air, while I clean you, and you may tell me how it felt.''

     "I couldn't  hold back... I had to let go... I had to give up and let
everything out of my bottom... it was looser and looser... ah-h-h!" she
sighed deeply, shuddered and became completely limp.  I cleaned her up with
soft moist cloths, Katherine helping, then suddenly decided I'd like to try
buttfucking my mistress.  I wanted her clean inside, so I went and got her
enema bag, filled with warm water.

     "Remain motionless, and hold in this luscious liquid, Zarah," I
commanded, and injected her bowels with the enema probe.  I left the nozzle
sticking out of her asshole for a time, focusing the camera extra closely on
the sight.  Then, at my order, she released the liquid into the pan, and I
repeated the dosage a couple of times, until her output was clear.  I then
dried her, to the sound of her deep, soft exhalations.

     "Beautiful, Zarah, you relaxed, happy and ready for one final climactic
release.  Prepare for your master."

     I then paid tribute to her completely exposed beauty with soft  suckings,
licks and kisses.  I slid her down the table until her rump hung  over the
edge of the pad.  I lubricated my cock with pussy juice and lotion.   She lay
panting but motionless, as I slid my hardness into her pussy, pulled  out, and
rubbed myself all around her glistening crack.  When my cock  touched the
anus, I was pleased to note an automatic loosening of her  muscle, and I
slowly and gently pushed the tip of my dick inside.  I found  that her
distended rectum was quite moist with natural mucus, and she gave  way easily
to my penetration.  I slid slowly and steadily in, in, in, and  soon my balls
were brushing against her labia.

     I rested there for a while, savoring complete dominance, and then,
reaching forward grasped her wrists, and tugged them till her hands lay  under
her pelvic bone.

     With my dick throbbing inside her empty bowel, I began whispering
arousal suggestions to Zarah, while stroking and tickling her perineal area
more and more insistently.

     "You will now become extra, extra horny, lover... "  I commanded.
"Rouse yourself, Zarah... your rectum is completely filled... it is stuffed,
and your cunt is glistening with your juices... feel that hot, hot cunt...
that extra hard clit, poking out from your lips... poking out harder and  more
sensitive from those hot, sweet cunt lips... juicy... you're so very  very
juicy that you must feel for yourself.  Fe-e-e-el yourself... stroke  and
tickle yourself while I stimulate your bottom again!  I command you to
masturbate, harder and harder, Zarah... masturbate now!"

     I felt her muscles clench spasmodically around my cock as she began to
finger herself, and as she moved swiftly towards orgasm, I held myself still
and just watched and felt the show.  The buttocks impaled beneath my gaze
were racked by tremors.  Katherine was now rubbing them with one hand, while
her other worked around my own crack.

     Now Zarah's final climax let go, and the pressures and squeezings of  her
sphincter on my cock were just unbelievable!  Her pelvis dropped flat  onto
her flailing hands, popping my stalk out unexpectedly, even as my own  pre-
orgasmic liquid was beginning to drip.  My own legs trembled as I stood  up on
tiptoes, rubbing myself along her crack, and Katherine jerked me off,  her own
hand a blur as it slid up and down, and she tickled my own anus  unmercifully,
actually trying to hook me into the air with one crooked  finger.

      My dick could hold no more blood, and was painful!  And now my pumping
began.  A flare in my testicles! I held back, held back, held back, then let
go.  My penis bubbled and boiled over, flowing its thickened cream over
Zarah's lower body as Kathy flipped its bulb over and over in Zarah's taut
crevasse.  Another small jet that felt like a quart covered her! and Kathy
now just contented herself with caressing my buttocks and lightly pulling  and
milking out the last of my flow, spreading it over the sweat-misted,
softening curves of my mistress... mistress no longer.

     Zarah's arms were pulled from underneath her.  I noticed that her eyes
had partly opened, unfocused, and that her softened lips were slkightly
upturned in a very small smile.  I spread her cheeks one last time, and
gently paid oral tribute to her submission, laving and gently probing her
now-flaccid labia.  Zarah pulsed once again, and she sighed weakly as Kathy
and I slid her back up on the massage table.

     "Zarah, my treasure, my teacher, my slave... you will sleep, sleep and
dream of me, and my farewell to you," I now ordered.  "Sleep deeply now, you
may awaken when you are ready."

     I told Kathy, who still caressed the totally flattened body of her  boss,
to insert the dildo partway into Zarah's anus and leave it sticking  there.  I
left the camera and videotape to run out, and dressed myself.   Zarah would
view it in future, I was sure.

     Katherine now clung to me, and I led her over to the bed.  I tucked her
in, and she kissed me deeply, eyes shining, and whispered, "I know I'll see
you again, James, sometime!  Zarah will be back, and if she never does, I'll
come myself!"

     I left the motel.  As I write these last lines of my "fantasy," six
years after that evening, I have not heard from either lady again.  Much of
it seems like a dream to me, and to Brenda, Lily, Bill and Teresa and a
couple of others.  Yes, I still see them occasionally.  I am married now, to
a wonderful free-spirit (and good subject!) whom you have already met in  this
account.  My total preoccupation with hypnosis has diminished, though  we
often semi-pretend with each other, to play-act that one has enslaved the
other.

              **************************************************

          Since you've read this very long account, I assume that it has given
you some pleasure, some excitement... possibly some intense moments that may
have resonated within your own psyche... To command, to obey, to pretend to
command or obey... all these powerful "control" issues can bring powerful
pleasure to those attuned to them.  Perhaps you've been sitting in an easy
chair while reading... or reclining on bed or couch... perhaps your own hand,
or the hands of a loved one, have wandered into your secret gardens,
stimulated by some of the passages.  Perhaps you felt so strongly influenced
by thse words passing under your scanning eyes, that you felt some sexual
stimulation suffuse your body, as your eyes would scan left to right, scanning
left to right... word upon word, sentence upon sentence, page after page, as
you felt yourself becoming more aroused and more aroused as you allowed your
gaze to scan automatically on and on and on..... And now, as your eyes wander
across my final words, back and forth across the long long lines of letters,
left to right... you may feel with each scan and each drop that warm buzz in
your own lids as the eyes must drop down again.  Your eyes scan along, drift..
and drop another line, and they can strain as you feel your eyelids scan and
drop again and drop again to a new line as you may feel them just droop down
lower, that's right, and now at the edge of this line your eyes may just drop
down easily... each time more and more heavily...  the lids feeling heavier
and more and more heavy... drooping lower and lower and lower... and
drop those heavy eyes and those heavy heavy lids as you drift off
heavier and heavier now, soon your heavy burning lids may just
droop completely shut and you may hear your breath soften
and your limbs sink, and your mind focus and you can
just strain your eyes to focus... across the last...
heavy... heavy lines... and your eyes may
soon close heavily, and you drop into
an exciting doze where your most
intimate visions and dreams
may be realized.... here
you go now... you can
barely see these...
last.. lines...
and you are
drifting
away...
drift
now
and
go
on
and
on
and
on
and
on
