
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what                 3/25/95                tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                FiFTEEN               ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                            CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
                           =----------------------=

EDiTORiAL                                                         Kilgore Trout

STAFF LiSTiNGS


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


THOUGHTS ON A COFFEE SHOP                                      Nemo est Sanctus

AiDS UPDATE                                                           Clockwork

NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND
RECLAiMiNG OUR iDOLS -- THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGiANCE                    Crux Ansata

ADiDAS' TRiBUTE TO HiSTORY -- HENRY MONTH                                Adidas 

ON NAIVETE IN FICTION, or 
THE POWER OF FORREST GUMP, PART 2                    I Wish My Name Were Nathan

SATANiSM AND DECADENCE iN PŽR LAGERKViST'S THE DWARF                Crux Ansata


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


THE CHiCKEN-HAWK SWOOPS                                              Not Myself


                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


THE STORYTELLER -- Part I                                         Kilgore Trout

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     by Kilgore Trout

     Yeah, I know, from the table of contents this issue looks small, but it's
not.  I'm quite pleased with it, other than the fact that there's only one
poem and one story, but I suppose that's partially my fault since I didn't
pay my internet provider until yesterday (read: put the check in the mail).
So if you sent something in for this issue, I'll take a look at it for the
next one.

     Big news this issue is that I put out State of unBeing #8 in between this
issue and the last issue.  True, it was only a few hours before this issue, but
it IS out.  So get it from where you got this issue.  

     As for this issue, we're trying to be a little more "high brow" as we've
come to jokingly call ourselves around the Apocalypse Culture Publication
offices (haha).  Since schools don't really do a good job of educating, we
decided to include a little history lesson about a really cool guy who's dead
now.  Geechy Guy did a funny comedy routine on him.  "Give me liberty, or give
me, er, well, death is a little harsh, dontcha think?  All I'm saying is that
if you've got some extra liberty lying around, I'd like a piece of it..."
But enough about strange looking comedians.  We've got some lovely articles
on the purpose of writing and why being naive in writing can be a good thing.
Plus I've included the first part of my first normal story ever.  Sorry if
that lets you down, but dammit, I like it.

     Once again, let me just say that we are always looking for new writers.
We'd love to have some diversity around here.  Opposing viewpoints, some
letters to the editor or authors (send it all to me), or even *GASP* some
articles and literature.  Send it in.  You don't get paid, but hey, you can
say you got published.

     Captain Moonlight promised he'd continue his guerilla warfare series
next issue, so all of you guys docked out in cameo with rifles in the woods
waiting for the next installment, be patient.  He has to do a little more
research.  Wouldn't want to follow someone's instructions that weren't well
written, would ya?  ESPECiALLY if it could mean your life.

     Not much else really.  I'm just tired from putting together two zines
tonight.  Hope you like it.  And, as we've always said, if you don't like
it, go start your own damn zine.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                                STAFF LiSTiNG
                              
                                   EDITOR
                                Kilgore Trout

                                CONTRIBUTORS
                                   Adidas
                                  Clockwork
                                 Crux Ansata
                          I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                               Nemo est Sanctus
                                  Not Myself

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THOUGHTS ON A COFFEE SHOP
     by Nemo est Sanctus

     I have been meaning to go to a so-called "Poetry Slam" for some time.  I 
don't know if this is a regional term, so for the benefit of those outside the 
area, a "Poetry Slam" is a kind of open mic poetry reading.  The term, to the 
best of my knowledge, came from the High Times, a local brain bar, where the 
custom was to deride poetry rather than applaud it.  Anyway, these poetry 
readings have since cropped up across the area.  Nonetheless, I had not yet 
gone to one.

     I did not have a legitimate reason to not go to one.  Friends of friends 
had been in them, and friends had attended.  I had even been with a friend 
when his girl friend's friends were inside at one.  I sat outside on the 
porch.  Truth is, I suppose, I was frightened to.  Frightened of what, I don't 
know.  Mostly of disappointment, I suppose.  I'd heard local poets on the 
university radio talk shows and I'd met a couple of performers, and between 
that and what I had heard from friends, it was not as good as I would hope.

     I was pleasantly surprised, though.  The coffee shop I went to was having 
its first open mic night, and so there was a mixture of old things and new 
things and many people with multiple pieces, but as yet no "voice".  Many of 
the people knew each other.  I had expected college age pseudo-intellectuals, 
as clog the art deco coffee shops around campus, but these were mostly high 
school age people.  It got me to considering the coffee shop, and some other 
topics.

     People who present at these open mic nights seem to be very pleased with 
themselves.  And well they should be; I was the same way when I was first 
printed in my high school's literary magazine or in State of unBeing.  (I was 
less pleased when my writing was butchered in my high school's second literary 
magazine, but Kilgore has seen fit to schedule the uncut version of that story 
for SoB #8.)  The thing is, it is a lot like a literary magazine:  It is not 
exactly achieving publication or fame, but it has its chances.  An coffee 
house, or a literary magazine, can be nothing more than a shoal on the shore 
of literature, or it could be the next Cheap Truth.

     People at these coffee shops too seem to think this is a new concept.  Of 
course, they are generally aware -- dimly -- of the beat generation's coffee 
shops, and I suppose they aspire to a rebirth of this concept.  There have 
been, however, "coffee shops" in one form or another since at least the 
seventeen hundreds.  Back then they were called salons, and the middle aged 
women who ran them would affect airs and read from Voltaire, considering 
themselves educated people.  And, I imagine, some great people were connected 
with the movement.

     What, though, separates an unknown salon from a Cheap Truth?  The thing 
that makes the difference is, as I previously alluded, a "voice".  Many other 
elements are needed -- distribution, budget, time -- but when a "voice" has 
been achieved these others are inevitable.

     And what, Nemo, do you mean by "voice"?  Simply this:  The greatest 
journals, schools, movements, etc., have all operated around a philosophy and 
a vision.  This is true not only of literature, but of politics as well.  Who
has read of the history of Marxism and not heard of Iskara, "The Spark", which
provided the voice of the Bolsheviks before the October Revolution?  Iskara 
allowed the movement to develop its philosophy, to reach out its message to 
other readers and possible recruits, but most of all it provided a forum for 
the theoretical leaders to discuss matters in a scholarly manner while still 
educating the public.

     This is not to imply stagnation, however.  Too often with political 
journals today, and perhaps why there are no real movements in politics today, 
there is no dissension, as they say, among the ranks.  In Iskara, Lenin was 
not always right, and he changed his mind and debated openly with those who 
didn't agree.  The important thing, though, was that the movement continued 
forward despite -- because of -- the disagreements.

     What does this have to do with a coffee shop, or indeed with a literary 
magazine?  If one is to be successful, it must come to develop its own 
philosophy.  It is important to have a qualified editor in the case of a 
journal, and in both cases a circle of qualified writers must be assembled.  
Even with both of these, though, without a movement or a focus the endeavor 
will simply be a sounding ground where a couple of authors will present a 
couple of times and then move on, leaving nothing but the dregs to present 
their mediocre works.  What is needed is a circle of theoreticians along with 
the writers.

     What would a literary movement be without critics?  What would a 
political party -- spoken in the nineteenth century sense and not in the 
modern two-"party" bastardization -- be without theoreticians?  In both cases, 
stagnant.  The writers would continue in their own manners, with no focus.  
The political writers would complain about the state of the world, with no 
idea of how this is to be repaired.  It has been said that Cyberpunk was a 
writer and a critic; without either, there would have been no movement, but 
the movement eventually shook the entire world.  It has been said that the 
beat movement was a handful of authors in a coffee shop before the "movement" 
was recognized, but because these were theoreticians also, the movement could 
be born, incubate in a back room, and again shake the world.  The success of 
the Bolsheviks in shaking the world need hardly be mentioned.

     So, as Lenin said, what is to be done?  The answer is essentially the 
same in all cases.  If a journal, coffee shop, or political movement are to be 
successful, their main members need to become familiar with each other, and 
the theoreticians among them must come to understand the movement that is 
developing among them.  A coffee shop does not provide an appropriate forum 
for the reading of literary criticism, but when the familiars are known to 
each other, essays and concepts will get exchanged.  There is no better place 
than a coffee shop.  It is imperative, though, that the movement define 
itself.  Else, the movement, coffee shop, journal, will die.

     More important, though, is that the coffee be strong and plentiful.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Let every conscientious man ask himself this question:  Is he ready?  Is he
 so clear in his mind about the new organization towards which we are moving,
 through the medium of those vague general ideas of collective property and
 social solidarity?  Does he know the process -- apart from sheer destruction
 -- which will accomplish the transformation of old forms into new ones?"
                                                             --Alexander Herzen


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     AiDS Update
     by Clockwork

     Alright, boys and girls, here I am again.  Many of you wanted more 
information and such, and I promised I would write up another article.  And 
BOOM!  I have...

     Many of you wanted to know where I got my information from.  Well, 
prepare for a bibliography from hell...  And, you can check all these things 
out for yourself, you can attain all these articles from somewhere.  I am not 
exactly sure where.  Maybe the library -- that's always a fun place.  Of 
course, there are better places to go.  However, if you don't want to spend 
all the time looking for all this crap yourself, don't worry.  Just send a 
letter to our Kilgore saying that you would like the information on AIDS.  
And make sure to leave your name and e-mail address so we can contact you.

     Now for the list...

     "The Real Cause and Cure of AIDS," by Everett G. Jarvis.

     "AIDS, A Plot To Kill People?" by John Hairhall, Baltimore Evening Sun.

     A public statement made by Professor Jakob Segal from Berlin, Germany ... 
obtained from the New York Transfer News Service.  You can also get his book 
(in German) -- "AIDS, Die Spur fuehrt ins Pentagon."
     Neur Weg Verlag
     Kaninenberghoehe 2
     W-4300 Essen 1
     Germany

     "Who's Making Money Off Of AIDS?" by Steve Painter, from The Green Left 
Weekly.

     "The Strecker Memorandum," by Dr. Robert Strecker.  You can obtain MUCH 
information from Dr. Strecker and The Strecker Group.  They even offer a 
videotape for $30.  You can write to them at:
     The Strecker Group
     1216 Wilshire Blvd.
     Los Angeles, CA 90017
     Or, you can call them:  213-977-1210, 213-977-0701, or 800-548-3198.
     Just call them up and ask for information about AIDS and they will send 
it to you.

     I got many articles from a publication called New Dawn Magazine, which 
comes out of Australia.  I do not have the address off hand, but I do have the 
articles:
     "Shocking Revelations On AIDS Research"
     "AIDS:  Man-Made Holocaust"
     "The Mystery of Skull Valley"
     "AIDS:  As Biological or Psychological Warfare"
     "Immunex"

     "Scientist's Polio Fears Unheeded," from The Houston Post, Friday, April 
17, 1992.  Not exactly AIDS, but very interesting...

     A document written by one Campbell Douglas, M.D.

     And an article out of Covert Action Information Bulletin #28:
     Box 50272
     Washington, D.C. 20004

     Henry Kissinger's "top secret" document was National Security Memorandum 
200, and can be obtained from the National Archives.  Call them or write them 
up, and you can probably get a copy sent to you.

     Out of the U.S. Senate Library, you can get a copy of the Appropriations 
Hearing on July, 1969, when the Dept. of the Army requested $10 million to 
research a virus to destroy the immune system.

     Now, I have everything listed above, except for the videotape.  I also do 
not have copies of the National Security Memorandum, and the Appropriations 
Hearing, but I have seen them.  So, if you want any of this stuff, write us.  
You will probably have to pay for shipping and handling, but believe me, it is 
worth it.

     WAIT!  I am not done yet .... as an added bonus I have included some more 
interesting things...

     I will now reprint a speech given by one Mr. Craig Hulet.  He was a 
former advisor to the National Security Council and a former consultant to 
many multi-national companies.  He has over 4 years writing and lecturing to 
share with everybody who will listen.  Mr. Hulet knows personally the kind of 
men who are running the world.  He knows what they're up to and he is trying 
to warn us.  This speech was given on July 25th, 1992, at the Hilton Hotel in 
L.A.  His subject was George Bush and the New World Order, but at that end of 
the evening, he was asked a specific question about AIDS, and this is how he 
responded:

     "... biological warfare virus by the U.S. Military.  Sure...  I really 
hate that subject.  You know, we're never, ever going to be able to prove -- 
Strecker, William Douglas -- we'll never be able to prove that AIDS was 
developed specifically to reduce the populations of Central Africa, the black 
inner cities, drug users, prostitutes and homosexuals.  But it just seems 
strange to me that all through the 1960's and 1970's, there were books 
published; [the] Global 2000 Report to the President, [the] the Club of Rome 
wrote a book on overpopulation -- I must have over 50 books on over-population 
and the need to get rid of a certain large amount of people on the planet.  
Now, they never say which people out to be gotten rid of, but it seems a major 
coincidence that the same people that are starving in Ethiopia, in the Sudan, 
are the same people that getting AIDS and dying.  By the year 2000, they 
expect 60 million blacks in Central Africa to die of AIDS.  60 million!  It 
could be as many as 20 million in America.  Homosexuals, predominantly, and 
the interesting thing is, it is not a homosexual disease.  It IS a man-made, 
mutated disease.  It had to have been man-made.  Sheep do not get together and 
do chemical experiments on their viruses.  So, a man had to graft this bovine 
virus, which they now that's what it is, onto a human cell.  It had to be
made.  So we know it's man-made.  They know it's transmitted with the ...
because t most effective device ... the best test to discover if you have A 
not a blood test, it's a saliva test.  Now why haven't they told us that?"

     "It's not a sexually transmitted disease, it's simply a disease that gets 
transmitted.  And you can get it by sneezing on someone.  Why don't they tell 
us that?  In the Congressional Record, it says that it can be transmitted 
"effectively" by mosquitoes.  It says so.  The Center for Disease Control, in 
the Congressional Record, says that it is transmitted by mosquitoes in 
Belgrade, Florida -- they know it for a fact.  Why haven't they told us that 
AIDS is being transmitted by mosquitoes?  They say it to themselves in the 
Congressional Record, why don't they tell us?"

     "OK.  Here's my theory.  Whether or not [AIDS] was created for the 
purpose of exterminating the very same, coincidentally, same anti-social 
element that the men I did business with for 15 or 20 years, thought ought to 
be gotten rid of anyways; homosexuals, prostitutes, blacks, etc., and of 
course the Black Continent -- they want the resources but they certainly don't 
want to feed the people, see?  Why is that they are allowing all of these 
myths to be told -- the destruction to take place, and they're doing nothing 
to stop it?  Here's my theory, and this is all it is -- is a theory -- that 
they'll find a cure when about 1 billion people on this planet have died from 
AIDS, starvation and disease -- all over the world, all of a sudden Eli Lilly, 
who is one of the major corporations doing AIDS research -- and 
coincidentally, George Bush on the Board of Eli Lilly -- when they finally 
eliminate huge sections of the population, which is what they always wanted 
throughout the 1960's and 1970's, because of over-population -- it's called 
"mitigating the problem."  They feel that AIDS and famine and disease will 
mitigate the problem of over-population.  I suspect that around the year 2010 
or so, all of a sudden Eli Lilly will announce that phenomenal cure for AIDS, 
but not until a lot people die.  Like I said, it seems a major coincidence to 
me that the very same men I did business with for years, dislike the most, 
those people happen to be the ones contracting AIDS -- happens to be the ones 
that are dying in famines and pestilence -- I don't believe in the 
"Coincidence The History" -- I just don't.  I haven't for a long time because 
National Security Council is too brilliantly planned.  They plan to the most 
minute detail.  I can't believe that all of this is coincidence.  That's all I 
can say though."

     "I'm going to do a White Paper on that one of these days.  One of the 
reasons I haven't is that if you talk about AIDS, you never get invited on the 
university campus -- you follow me?  So I never address AIDS ... for 4 years 
I've had material on AIDS that addresses this in some fundamental way, and 
some of it was very good documentation, proving some of the things that I just 
said, but I have never discussed it because if you discuss AIDS, I guarantee 
you, you will never be a speaker on the university campuses."  [Craig Hulet]

     Here's the other treat for you.  This is the House of Common Social 
Services Committee, and this is a document prepared by the Royal Society of 
Medicine.  You can not get more official than this in Great Britain.  And this 
is what they say:

     "The scale of the deceptions and misinformation perpetrated by 
virologists, clinicians and editors of scientific and medical journals about 
the ineffectivity of genital secretions, compared with that of blood and 
saliva, has been astonishing.  In the presence of a new, lethal virus, 
spreading amongst people, for which no vaccine or cure is in sight, every 
person would assume that scientists have been working day and night to verify 
how it is transmitted.  On the contrary, having assumed for a variety of 
motives that AIDS is a sexually transmitted disease like syphilis or
gonorrhea, a negligible research effort has gone into the critical matter of
transmission.  A few preliminary papers were published and their findings have 
been repeatedly quoted as showing the opposite of what they actually showed.  
When this was pointed out in letters to the editors of American medical and 
scientific journals, publication has been refused.  No attempt has been made 
to check or double-check the findings of other laboratories, or to rectify 
published errors."

     "As far as it goes, the tiny research effort into infectivity of bodily 
fluids indicates that saliva is far more infectious than genital secretions, 
but that blood is vastly more infectious than either.  Consequently, the idea 
that condoms can have any significant effect on the spread of AIDS in a nation 
is utterly preposterous."

     "Governments all over the world are spending millions of pounds 
[dollars], advising their citizens to present AIDS by using condoms on the 
basis of MANIFESTLY FRAUDULENT misrepresentation of scientific evidence."

     So!  There you go!  I highly recommend calling up Dr. Strecker and 
getting the information that he has.  Lot's-o-stuff.  Aren't you really happy 
now?  Aren't you just overjoyed that our government does this kind of thing?

     Ain't life grand?

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Hereditary bondsmen!  Know ye not
 Who would be free themselves must strike the blow?"
                                                                  -- Lord Byron


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     NOTES FROM THE UNDERGROUND
     RECLAiMiNG OUR iDOLS -- THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGiANCE
     by Crux Ansata

               The  words came out devoid of meaning or  emotion  or 
          inflection,  as if the voices from which they issued  were 
          barely human.  But then, emotion was not demanded or  even 
          desired.  Rote recitation was good enough; the object  was 
          compliance,  not belief.  The goal was to breed the  habit 
          of not caring.  Insincerity was expected and not punished.  
          The game was far subtler than that.
                                       -- Amerika by Brauna E. Pouns

     The preceding quote does not refer to the American Pledge of Allegiance,
though it could.  Today, the Pledge is "said" in schools across the nation,
but just as in Amerika, the idea is not to foster feeling.  Rather, two other
things are achieved by this rote recitation of the Pledge:  submission to the
command of the teacher and a demeaning of what the Pledge stands for by pre-
senting it not as a creed but rather as a block.

     Many of the persons in the schools where the Pledge is required refuse to
say it.  There are a number of reasons for this, and there is nothing wrong
with it.  It is better to refuse to say the Pledge because one disagrees with
it than it is to say the Pledge despite one's disagreement with it simply to
submit to the dictates of the school.  Nonetheless, in my opinion, this refus-
al is misplaced, for the Pledge is fundamentally a revolutionary document.

     As with many of the great revolutionary documents of American history,
the reactionary forces that rule our nation now have tried to drain all mean-
ing from the Pledge.  Rather than the revolutionary statement it is, it has
been presented as a pledge of allegiance to the government, rather than to an
ideal.  It is not that, as an analysis of the text will show.

     "I pledge allegiance to the flag..."  To the flag.  In the Third Reich,
citizens pledged their allegiance to Hitler, to a man.  The same has held true
for many nations throughout history:  that the pledge of allegiance is to a
man or to a State.  The Pledge, however, makes no such call.  Rather, it is a
pledge to a flag.

     Is this, then, a pledge to a dead symbol?  Not so.  The American flag is
a symbol -- one of great revolutionary significance; but that is another
essay.  Nonetheless, it is not a dead symbol.  In ancient Rome, the soldiers
pledged their allegiance to their standard, but they did not mistake this as
being a dead symbol.  Rather, they took their standards as divine symbols of
their unit.  It was to the unit that they were pledging, and indeed the Pledge
continues "and to the Republic, for which it stands."

     Why to a flag, then?  Every movement has had its symbols, as a focus.  An
ideal, is of course most desired, but to think of an ideal is near impossible.
A standard or a focus is necessary, for morale if for nothing else.  The
standard was not carried into battle simply for show or for signaling.  Rath-
er, the standard itself provides a kind of psychic focus by which the people
can love their ideals through a symbol.  Just as a Christian does not worship
a cross, but rather the Man for whom it stands, so to does an American pledge
not to a flag, but to the Republic, for which it stands.

     "... the Republic ..." -- this is an interesting phrase.  For, what does
'Republic' mean?  'Res publica' -- 'the public thing'.  This does not, cannot,
mean a State, except wherein a State serves as 'the thing of the public'.  To
pledge to the Republic does not mean to pledge to the State, but to that thing
which is of the people -- the ideal nation.  Except in modern America, 'Repub-
lican' throughout time and space has meant one opposed to the tyranny of an
unjust State.  This was true in the early U.S., this is true in Ireland, and
so on.  Interestingly, though, this is the axis upon which much pledge protest
rotates.  The schools have taught for so long that the Republic for which the
flag stands is the U.S. government that people have begun to believe it.  This
is not entirely true, though, as it is to the ideal that the U.S. attains that
is the Republic.

     Anyone who still doubts this need only continue the statement.  The
Pledge itself defines what the Republic for which the flag stands is.  It does
not say "which is the U.S. government," but rather "one nation, under God,
with liberty and justice for all."  Any State wherein there is no liberty and
justice for all, then, is not the republic for which the flag stands, or so
says the Pledge.  Nor is it any State wherein anyone is oppressed, for we are
"one nation".  As in Ireland, we fight for "a republic, united, boys, and
real" -- to quote from Black 47's "The Big Fellah".

     (A parenthetical note should likely be here made about the meaning of the
"under God" clause, as many have attempted to undermine our nation with such
smokescreens as allegations of religious insensitivity.  This clause was added
in the fifties -- about twenty years after the Pledge was written -- and means
simply that we are one nation.  Under protests, it has been revised at times
to say such things as "under the sun", thus demonstrating definitively that
the intent is not to segregate by religion but to united under the heavens.
It should tell one a lot about the true goals of the American Atheists and
others who refused to accept even this revision.  But even were it to mean
literally what it appears to, what God would this mean?  Likely, it would be
the so-called Nature's God in which the generation of the Revolution believed.
This would not be a sectarian God, but was rather their catch phrase for the
interrelatedness of the universe, and so here God means about what Bucky
Fuller would mean by Universe.  "One nation, under God," then, expands out to
"one nation, as it is meant to be under the divine laws that set the universe
into motion," for we, as Men, are meant to be united, with liberty and justice
for all.)

     Far from a simple oath of fealty, then, the Pledge is actually a more
complex document.  The first clause -- "I pledge allegiance" is simply an
acknowledgement that one is committed to the following, but from there it gets
more dense.  The second clause -- "to the flag of the United States of Ameri-
ca, and to the Republic for which it stands" -- defines to what allegiance is
being sworn, and establishes that it is not to the nation that allegiance is
being pledged but rather to the flag and goals of that nation, the Republic
for which the United States itself stands.  The final clause -- "one nation,
under God, with liberty and justice for all" -- defines the American Dream.
In this pledge, the taker agrees to struggle to equality and freedom for all
oppressed persons, a truly revolutionary sentiment.

     Clavell, in his short The Children's Story, warned what happens when the
people permit the schools to teach children disdain for the revolutionary
symbols and creeds of the past.  Those of us with a knowledge of history,
however, must take back our idols.  Perhaps we will one day have reclaimed our
children and our roots, and then we can finally say with the guerrilla in
Larry Kirwan's Days of Rage:

               Give  me  liberty or give me  death!   Nothin's  ever 
          goin'  to  be the same again!  No more beggin'  for  civil 
          rights.   No  more, "hell no, we won't  go"!   Tonight  we 
          fought back and nothin's goin' to stop us now!
               This  government murdered my brothers and sisters  at 
          Kent  State.   And all because a bunch of  kids  dared  to 
          disagree  with the "Imperial" foreign policy.  That's  why 
          we brought the war home and that's why those fascists  are 
          going  to think twice, before they invade Cambodia or  any 
          other country again!
               "I  have a dream," the man said, well I have a  dream 
          too.  I'm goin' to bring this country back to a white heat 
          and  remold it all over again.  You can call me a  radical 
          or  a troublemaker, you can even call me crazy.   But  I'm 
          probably more patriotic than you.
               America  --  love  it  or leave  it!   Well,  I'm  an 
          American too and I'm not going anywhere, until that  flag, 
          once more, becomes a symbol of beauty and truth to all the 
          oppressed peoples of the world.
               When  I  was  a  child  I  used  to  love  to  pledge 
          allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and 
          to the republic for which it stands, one nation under God, 
          indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"While men are gazing up to Heavan, imagining after a happiness, or fearing a
 Hell after they are dead, their eyes are put out, that they see now what is
 their birthright."
                                                           --Gerrard Winstanley


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ADiDAS' TRiBUTE TO HiSTORY -- HENRY MONTH
     by Adidas 

                     Tribute to The Man With A Voice:
                              
                              -=-=-=-=-=-=-
                              Patrick Henry
                              -=-=-=-=-=-=-

"Is life so dear, or peace so sweet, as to be purchased at the price of chains
and slavery?  Forbid it, Almighty God!  I know not what course others may take
but as for me, give me liberty, or give me death!"


        That is an exert from Patrick Henry's most famous speech.  He 
delivered this speech on March 23, 1775 in front of the Virgina Provincial 
Convention.  While written records of the speech were never made, the entire 
speech was printed in a biography of Patrick Henry by a William Wirt.  He 
relied mostly on accounts of people who heard the speech.  

        Patrick Henry was born in Hanover County in Virgina.  Henry studied  
law and received his license to practice in 1760.  He won some fame in a 
lawsuit called "the Parson's Cause."  Patrick Henry was elected to the
Virgina House of Burgesses in 1764.  In 1765 he spoke out against the Stamp 
Act*(Footnote 1), in his speech according to tradition, these are the often
quoted words:  "Caesar had his Brutus--Charles the First, his Cromwell--and 
George the Third--may profit by their example.  If this be treason, make the 
most of it."

        Henry was elected as a delegate to the First Continental Congress in
August of 1774.  He was also a member of the Second Continental Congress for
a short while in 1775.  After that he was a commander in chief of Virginia's
military forces, he then resigned in February 1776.  A few months after that,
he was chosen to help draw up the first constitution of the commonwealth of
Virginia.

        Henry became the governor of the new commonwealth of Virginia when it
was established in 1776.  He moved to the palace at Williamsburg (where 
English colonial governors had once lived).  He referred to the voters as 
"fellow citizens", and through this showed his strong feeling of democracy.
The Revolutionary War brought several problems to Virginia, and Patrick Henry
worked to help fix these.  He recruited 6,000 men for the Continental Army*,
and he got 5,000 soldiers for the state militia.  Henry encouraged mining lead
to increase the ammunition supply, he also imported and manufactured
gunpowder.  He also set up shipyards and dockyards to protect the coast of 
Virginia.  Even with all of his hard work, Henry was criticized, yet with all
of this he was elected governor in 1777, 1778, 1784, and 1785 (During his 
second term, Henry helped the George Rogers Clark expedition by providing 
supplies).

        In 1788 Henry returned to Law practice because his public services had
left him horribly in debt.  Because of his fame as a brilliant speaker, he got
many clients and became a successful criminal lawyer.  His law fees helped him
by allowing him to buy land, and in 1794 he retired to his estate near 
Appomattox, Virgina.

        During the next five or so years Henry received many requests to 
return to public life, but he refused them.  He was offered a seat in the US
Senate, posts as a minister to Spain and France, a place in Washington's 
Cabinet as Secretary of State, and the position of Chief Justice of the 
United States.  In 1796 Henry was elected governor again, for the sixth time,
but he refused the position.

        Finally Washington was able to persuade Henry to become a candidate 
for representative in the Virginia state legislature.  Henry made his final,
great speech during this campaign, the speech was a denial of a state's right
to decide the constitutionality of federal laws.  
                        
                        Heres Henry's Final Speech 
                              to the Voters

"United we stand, divided we fall.  Let us not split into fractions which 
must destroy that union upon which our existence hangs." 

 -- While Henry did win the election, he died before he could take it.



Historical Quickie -  As you may no Henry VII was the King of England who
is famous for denying the Roman Catholic Church, and for having six wives.
You may also know that he had so many wives because he wanted a son, and
he didn't get one from all of his wives, he either had them executed or
divorced.  What you may NOT know is that it was not the fault of his wives,
but the fault of Henry himself, he didn't have the correct chromosomes to
have a son.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Despotism has passed from the palaces of the kings to the circle of a 
 committee.  It is neither the royal robes nor the scepter nor the crown that
 makes kings hated, but ambition and tyranny.  In my country, there has only
 been a change in dress."
                                               --Jean Varlet, _Explosion_, 1793


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ON NAIVETE IN FICTION,
     or
     THE POWER OF FORREST GUMP, PART 2
     by I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     As a writer, I see amazing potential in emulating Forrest Gump.  His
naivete is the gift every writer searches for, the ability to see life and the
world around without  prejudice.

     In reading reviews of "Forrest Gump", I've realized that several
reviewers simply do not understand the point of the movie.  They cannot fathom
what is so endearing about a retarded man who frequently misses the point
about what's going on in his country during the 60's and 70's.

     It is obvious to a writer what endears him to Forrest:  He misses the
point.  The struggle for civil rights, the Vietnam War, Watergate -- Forrest
isn't worried about the far-reaching social and political implications.  Such
a word as "implication" doesn't enter his vocabulary.  He is blessedly naive.
This is a gift.

     For a short-story fiction writer, there is a small range of topics on
which to write:  sex, death, science, and politics.  And humor if you're good.
It's a short list, but it clearly includes the whole of humanity:  politics
includes religion, money, and sin, for example.  Sex may include love, but not
usually.  And gay themes include all these topics; humor if you're optimistic.

     Take a look at that last paragraph again.  Do you feel it belongs in this
essay about naivete in writing?  Certainly it does.  Obviously, the lists and
the connections I've made reveal that I'm far from naive.  But I appear to be
a competent writer.  So how does naivete come into the picture?  How can it be
achieved?

     Naivete in writing is the ability to sit down and write without censoring
yourself, without prejudging your characters and plots, without doubting the
validity of your work.  It is restraining yourself from deleting "happy"
themes, from only creating characters as intelligent and worried as you are,
from rewriting plots which "obviously" wouldn't happen in the real world.

     An ordinary writer struggling to achieve naivete often finds that he
groans whenever a character is idealistic, because, hell, where is there
reason to be idealistic today?  People are losing their faith and morality at
an alarming rate.  They're still killing the rain forests.  The Zapatistas and
Chechens face uphill revolutions.  The Republicans control the House.
Political and social doom are imminent.  Millennialism will only make religious
fervor worse.  Good enough reasons for any idealistic character's future to
seem bleak, huh?
     
     In thinking up my story, "Joseph Tries Something New", I had the premise
that I'd write about a naive character in college.  Certainly I felt some
measure of success when I left off after Joe got a haircut.  But the deadline
for that issue came, my piece wasn't finished, so I attached a normal ending
for when I'm feeling decidedly non-naive:  failure -- in this case, the failure
of Joseph's idealism and wish to become non-conformist.  At the second
sitting, I had no intent in making Joseph naive anymore, for doing so would
have required that I be feeling naive.  My sociopolitical consciousness was
raging that day, and it clearly shows in the character's demise.

     For a writer to be naive, he must be consciously naive, which is
apparently a paradox.  And it is.  A good writer has good knowledge about what
he writes; after all, you can only write what you know.  Naivete doesn't mean
writing about what you don't know, however.

     Look back over the stories or poetry of children, for example.  It teems
in naivete, but reeks of lack of knowledge.  However soul-crushing it may be,
to write naively and well requires intimate knowledge of the workings of the
world.  Naivete in writing requires personal detachment from the subject
matter.  Sociopolitical consciousness must go out the window; however, the
knowledge must remain.  Deadlines, egos, six-page quotas, and all other
hindrances of real life must be put on hold.

     I see Forrest Gump as an analogue to a naive writer.  While the plot of
the movie and the book are quite fantastic, considering the realistic life of
a mentally retarded person (more of that non-naive sociopolitical
consciousness leaking in), the manner in which Forrest explores his world,
interacts with people, and accepts his current situation in life are directly
analogous to the desired naivete the writer wishes to achieve while creating a
piece of fiction.

     Conscious actions such as character and plot development must be
constantly going on in the author's mind, but none of this thought process can
appear in the dialogue or actions of the characters.  Blatant foreshadowing,
especially of doom, is out.  Inexplicable  plot twists, caused by the author's
sighed proclamation, "It's bound to happen", is out.

     Along this line, writing for an audience is strictly illegal.  This seems
to go directly against the advice drilled into our heads by our loving grade-
school English teachers.  Their advice is valid for essays, persuasive pieces,
and pieces of non-fiction, but for fiction, aiming for an audience is usually
fatal to the hopes of achieving naivete.  Writing specifically for SoB readers
who use iSiS UNVEiLED and love playing Cyberspace -- unless the idea is
extremely clever -- will simply result in a pigeonholed and contrived piece of
writing which begs for mercy and receives none.

     Naive writing does not mean that the story itself must be simplistic and
naive.  In fact, the most enjoyable part about reading good fiction is finding
that there are several levels of thought beneath the printed-word exterior.
Certainly, deep thoughts can be found in ordinary fiction.  When the fiction
is naive, however, finding these thoughts is much more enjoyable.

     When naivete in fiction is achieved, whether accidentally or through
concentrated effort, it is readily apparent.  The piece will be read again and
again, even by the author (the type of person is notorious for wanting to
forget bad writing, especially his own).  When such a piece of naive fiction
emerges from an author's whirling mind and exhausted fingers, it is a miracle
-- but a miracle which is achievable and repeatable.  As Forrest Gump would
say, "Holy shit, this is good!"
     
     Happy writing.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


"Where are those who will come to serve the masses -- not to utilize them for
 their own ambitions?"
                                                              --Peter Kropotkin


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     SATANiSM AND DECADENCE iN PŽR LAGERKViST'S THE DWARF
     by Crux Ansata

          "The point is," Des Hermies was always telling him,  "that 
          there  is  a basic difference between you  and  the  other 
          realists, and no patched-up alliance could possibly be  of 
          long duration.  You execrate the age and they worship  it.  
          There is the whole matter.  You were fated some day to get 
          away  from  this Americanized art and  attempt  to  create 
          something  less  vulgar, less miserably  commonplace,  and 
          infuse a little spirituality into it.
               "In  all  your books you have fallen on  our  fin  de 
          siŠcle  --  our queue du siŠcle -- tooth and  nail.   But,
          Lord!  a  man soon gets tired of whacking  something  that
          doesn't  fight  back  but  merely  goes  on  its  own  way
          repeating its offenses.  You needed to escape into another
          epoch and get your bearings while waiting for a  congenial
          subject to present itself."
                                                     L…-Bas, page 21

     So Des Hermies diagnoses Durtal, fictional writer and literary alter ego 
of the decadent author Joris-Karl Huysmans.  Indeed, the decadent author is 
frequently a man out of time, and frequently turns to the Middle Ages as a 
time more attuned to them.  Even in the novel set contemporary to its writing, 
A Rebours, Huysmans says:

          The fact is that when the period in which a man of  talent 
          is  condemned  to live is dull and stupid, the  artist  is 
          haunted,  perhaps  unknown  to  himself,  by  a  nostalgic 
          yearning for another age.
                                                 A Rebours, page 181

While by no means exclusive among decadents -- frequently they turn within, as 
Huysmans himself in A Rebours, or even to another world, as the quasi-decadent 
Dostoevsky in "The Dream of a Ridiculous Man" -- the turn is often back in 
time to the Middle Ages, as was done in L…-Bas.  In a genre so obsessed with
escapism and with a wish to escape one's time, it is appropriate that many
authors outside the time of the fin de siŠcle may have expressed decadence in
their work.  Poe, for example, was a decadent before the decadents, and 
Dostoevsky after.  Lagerkvist, especially in The Dwarf, is such an author too; 
a decadent out of time.  As Huysmans' Durtal says himself, "In the Beyond all 
things touch" (L…-Bas, page 52).

     It would first be beneficial to define what exactly we mean by a
"decadent novel."  The premier decadent novel would be A Rebours (by
Joris-Karl Huysmans), although other novels have demonstrated decadent traits,
such as L…-Bas (also by Huysmans), The Picture of Dorian Gray (by Oscar
Wilde), and, it may be argued, The Dwarf (by P„r Lagerkvist).  The decadent
novel is notable in a number of points.  First, stylistically, the decadent
novel at its purest has no real storyline.  The focus rests more on the
interior of the characters than on the exterior of the plot.  The importance
of the story is in how the events affect the protagonist, not how the
protagonist affects the events.  Second, thematically the decadent novel
cultivates the artificial and the evil in man and the world.  That which would
normally be called deviant or aberrant is, in the decadent genre, instead
elevated and focussed upon, without ever really justifying.  Finally, a note
should be made on the effects of the decadent school on the authors, or
perhaps simply an overview of the mutual relation between the decadent author 
and the decadent work.

     Lovecraft wrote that the weird tale should not extend past the short 
story, as it is almost impossible to preserve the tone for that length, both 
for the writer and the reader.  For the decadent, this is even more vital as 
the entire focus of the tale tends towards introspection.  For this reason, 
the most perfect examples of prose decadence have been prose poems, especially 
those written by Baudelaire.  The decadent writer does not simply describe 
events.  Rather, as was said of Baudelaire,

          He roams through the entire luxuriant world of the  senses 
          in  order  to  know himself better  and  to  analyze  more 
          completely his own shortcomings.  The sense of solitude is 
          ever within him -- but not in the blurred, misty manner so 
          characteristic of the Romantics.
                                                  Bernstein, page xv

The decadent novel, though, has been attempted, such as in the aforementioned 
case of A Rebours.  The decadent novel, in its preservation of tone and theme, 
ends up reading almost as a collection of prose poems, related by the narrator 
and to an extend the plot.  Although the technical decadent works were in the 
third person typical of fin de siŠcle France, the journal is perhaps a
superior structure for a decadent novel, and it is this structure that
Lagerkvist's The Dwarf uses.

     Dispensing with the general structure of the third person novel, The 
Dwarf tells his story in an introspective first person where every event that 
occurs -- whether to him, or to the Prince, or to the kingdom -- is perceived 
not in the manner of that event alone, but in the perspective of that event in 
relation to the dwarf.  Through this manner, Lagerkvist manages to preserve 
the flow of plot while still focussing entirely on the introspection of the 
protagonist.  Thus, Princess Teodora -- perhaps the only character to ever be 
redeemed -- is not a princess to the dwarf.  "She is a whore.  A whore in the 
bed of a magnificent prince."  (The Dwarf, page 9)  Don Riccardo, who has an 
affair with the dwarf's obsession, the Princess, is not the hero others see.  
Rather, "I do not for one moment believe in his courage.  He is an intolerable 
braggart -- that's what he is!"  (The Dwarf, page 88)

     Every character, every event, is presented not in the light of what 
occurs, nor even in the light of the dwarf's perception of that which occurs, 
but rather each event is presented as it affects the dwarf.

     Thematically, the dwarf is rich with decadent themes.  The focus on the 
evil of the world, as presented through one ugly in his body as he is in his 
mind; the focus on religion, both orthodox and heterodox; and the near-worship 
of the woman, despite the implications of homosexuality.  All these themes are 
important in decadent works, and all are present in Lagerkvist's The Dwarf.

     Influenced by the Romantic school as well as the current sciences of the 
time, the decadent school focused on the physical manifestations of evil, and 
the affect of insanity on mind and body.  The protagonist of the ultimate 
decadent novel, des Esseintes of A Rebours, is described in this vein as:

          a  frail  young man of thirty who was anaemic  and  highly 
          strung,  with hollow cheeks, cold eyes of steely  blue,  a 
          nose  which was turned up but straight, and  thin,  papery 
          hands.
                                                  A Rebours, page 17

He is a weak man, of will as well as body, as the result of generations of 
inbreeding and weak heredity.  In a similar manner, the dwarf describes 
himself as follows:

          I  mentioned that my face was exactly like that  of  other 
          men.   That is not quite accurate, for it is  very  lined, 
          covered  with  wrinkles.   I do not look upon  this  as  a 
          blemish.   I  am  made that way and I cannot  help  it  if 
          others are not.  It shows me as I really am,  unbeautified 
          and undistorted.  Maybe it was not meant to be like  that, 
          but that is exactly as I want to look.
               The wrinkles make me look very old.  I am not, but  I 
          have heard tell that we dwarves are descended from a  race 
          older  than  that  which  now  populates  the  world,  and 
          therefore we are old as soon as we are born.
                                                   The Dwarf, page 6

Once again, the character is deformed to match his evil.  Although he does not 
state the evil as such, nor even his deformity, he accepts that "[m]aybe it 
was not meant to be like that," but "[i]t shows me as I really am".  Once 
again, the responsibility is laid, rather vaguely, as the result of weak 
ancestry.  A point worthy of note is his refusal to address himself as evil, 
or even deformed, per se.  Oscar Wilde's The Picture of Dorian Gray is an 
apparent exception to this stress of evil reflected on the body as the soul -- 
monstrum facia, monstrum anima -- insofar as the evil protagonist appears good 
through almost the entirety of the text.  Nonetheless, the essence of the book 
is purely decadent, and when the magical shield is removed the visage of Mr. 
Gray accepts all the ugliness of his soul.

     The dwarf's bias on this fact, though, is illuminated by examination of 
another example of the portrayal of the soul through the canvas of the body:  
Princess Teodora.  From her first introduction, the dwarf is at pains to 
describe her;

          She is no longer young, her breasts sag as she lies in the 
          bed,  playing with her jewels and taking them out  of  the 
          casket proffered by her handmaid.  I cannot understand how 
          anyone  can love her.  She has nothing which a  man  could 
          find  desirable.  One can only see that once upon  a  time 
          she was utterly beautiful.
               ...  She  is  a  whore.  A whore  in  the  bed  of  a 
          magnificent  prince.  Her whole life is love  which,  like 
          her  jewels, she lets trickle through her  fingers,  while 
          she  lies smiling vaguely as she sees it run away  between 
          them.
               ...  I  hate her, I want to see her  burning  in  the 
          fires of hell.
                                                   The Dwarf, page 9

Why does he denigrate her so?  One may be tempted to attribute it to a block 
between the dwarf and the "magnificent prince", except that she and the prince 
have so little to do with each other.  Perhaps it has something to do with the 
fact that, "I hate all her lovers.  I have wanted to fling myself upon every 
one of them and pierce them with my dagger to see their blood flow."  (The 
Dwarf, page 8)  Perhaps he is jealous, though not of Teodora.  After her
redemption we can better contrast the dwarf's opinions with those of the rest
of the court.  Anselmo relates:

          The Prince sat faithfully by her bed all day long watching 
          her  face  become more and more transparent and  what  the 
          court  described as spiritualized.  As though he had  seen 
          her himself, Anselmo maintained that she became as  lovely 
          as  a  madonna.  I who really did see her  knew  how  much 
          truth there was in that.
                                                 The Dwarf, page 219

Later, Anselmo relates:

          Bernardo  was painting a Madonna with the features of  the 
          Princess.   The  Prince  and the  whole  court  were  very 
          absorbed in the work and greatly pleased with it.
                                                 The Dwarf, page 223

Even then, the dwarf almost always speaks of the painting where the Princess 
is depicted as a "whore" when he speaks of the Madonna.  The dwarf chooses not 
to see -- or accept what can be seen, as he never sees the Princess after her 
death -- the Princess as anything other than a whore, and in the same way he 
chooses not to see the evil in himself.  Nonetheless, the actions of the court 
do demonstrate that, once redeemed, the Princess becomes beautiful once more.

     But the dwarf is not of a mind to recognize this redemption, and what 
form does it take?  In one of the more striking religious segments of the 
novel, the dwarf visits punishment upon the Princess for many days following 
the death of her paramour, Don Riccardo.  No other character is demonstrated 
to go through such a transformation as the Princess does in the following 
sections.  Indeed, no other character is presented as good.  The Prince is 
presented in exalted terms, not as one who is good, but rather as one who is 
difficult to understand.  Boccarossa is presented as exalted, and the dwarf 
even says that he could love Boccarossa.  Nonetheless, Boccarossa is never 
presented as good, and the "love" between the dwarf and Boccarossa seems more 
on the level of respect or camaraderie, feelings which he refuses to harbor for 
those women with whom he comes into contact.  With the Princess he is jealous 
of her lovers.  With the Prince's mistress, Fiammetta, and daughter, Angelica, 
the dwarf is simply repulsed by their sexual activities, belying more a 
sublimation of heterosexuality than an exaltation of homosexuality.  Just as 
the decadents -- such as in Baudelaire's "Femmes Damn‚es" -- Lagerkvist
presents surface homosexuality that ends up presenting a very different view.

     The treatment of the Princess, though, is along different lines than 
simply a sublimated love.  The Princess, when the story opens, has prostituted 
herself "in the bed of a magnificent prince."  Whatever the dwarf's feelings 
towards her, and whether his motive is justice or jealousy, he opposes this 
action and sets himself up as avenging angel.  In decadent literature, women 
are sometimes redeemed, such as in Baudelaire's "La Fanfarlo", but men never 
are.  Here, too, the woman is redeemed, though she herself -- rather than 
Baudelaire's men -- must suffer for it.  This is also an element in The 
Picture of Dorian Gray, where Wilde states:

          Better  for him that each sin of his life had brought  its 
          swift, sure penalty along with it.  There was purification 
          in  punishment.  Not "Forgive us our sins," but "Smite  us 
          for  our  iniquities" should be the prayer of a man  to  a
          most just God.
                                                     Wilde, page 244

By the end of the tragedy Mr. Gray realizes the power of redemptive suffering, 
but nonetheless he cannot be redeemed.  The suffering of his sins destroy him.

     In the religious nature of the Princess' redemption is seen a form of 
combat between good and evil, an intensified version of the balance, sometimes 
of tension and sometimes of conflict, which typifies the interaction between 
good and evil in decadent literature, including The Dwarf.  The Satanism of 
decadence is by no means the "religion" Satanism as it is understood today.  
The Satanism today is a-theistic -- in the sense of holding God as irrelevant 
-- and egocentric, holding the ego to be important to an extent that a 
decadent would see as aesthetically displeasing.  As such, in Satanism, the 
balance is as irrelevant as God while in decadent Satanism, the focus is on 
the beauty of evil as can only be seen in comparison with the beauty of good, 
both being artificial aesthetics.  Modern Satanism is a "religion" of nature.  
Decadence, and decadent Satanism, is a cult of artificial beauty.

     It is on this background that the Black Mass, le messe noir, is 
performed.  Although it is yet performed by Satanists today, LaVey, founder of 
the Church of Satan, belittles it as "the original psychodrama," and says of 
its performers:

          Although  the  Black  Mass  is  a  ritual  that  has  been 
          performed countless times, the participants often were not 
          Satanists, but would act solely on the idea that  anything 
          contradictory to God must be of the Devil.
                                                      LaVey, page 31

Those participants who were not Satanists are said to have included the likes 
of Huysmans himself, and undoubtedly include the characters in such novels as 
L…-Bas and The Dwarf, the latter of which describes its messe noir on pages 26
and 27, where it is said not to be meant as blasphemy, but rather is presented
as a comparison, a tension, against the religion of the fully formed.  In The
Dwarf, in L…-Bas, in the decadent novel in general the Black Mass is not a
blasphemy, as it would be in a heterodox religion, but a conflict of the
aesthetic.  It is another artificiality to contrast against the "normal"
artificiality.

     The Black Mass is not the only Satanic thread, either in The Dwarf or in 
other decadent works.  In Lagerkvist specifically, the inversion of religion 
where the dwarf himself is presented as personal savior to the Princess, as a 
substitute for her priest, and through him her Christ, seems as blasphemous on 
the surface as was his presentation of himself as Celebrant at the Black Mass.  
As the Bible says, though, he is known through his fruits.  The dwarf presents 
himself as scourging savior, and though his intervention the Princess indeed 
is redeemed, at least in the eyes of the villagers and court.  In a manner of 
speaking, the dwarf is "crucified" for his works, but rather his imprisonment 
is more aligned to that of Paul's or the early Church in general.  To any 
extent, he presents himself as an evil and through this tension good comes 
about in the truest manner of decadent artificiality and good-evil balance.

     A note should be made, too, of the relation of the lives of the decadent 
authors in relation to their creation, too.  It has been said that decadence 
could never have arisen outside a Catholic country, for Catholicism alone 
presents the necessary idealistic philosophy that an idealist artificiality 
could be presented against.  Although this is true of the French decadents -- 
Baudelaire considered himself an incurable, though permanently lapsed,
Catholic, and Verlaine constantly vacillated between worshiping in the
cathedral and at the absinthe bar -- the idealist philosophical system seems
to have been possible among certain severe Protestant denominations after the
initial flame had been lit.  Crowley, considered to be a passable author but
the most steadfast of the British decadents, came from a Christian Science
background, and Lagerkvist came from a strict Protestant sect.  Whatever the
starting point, a religious foundation of set ideals would seem to have been
a necessity.

     It has also been said that the only two possible routes for a decadent
end either at the foot of the cross or the suicide's noose.  Although not
entirely true, as Rimbaud demonstrated by simply leaving literature entirely
and others have achieved by finding another ideal to lean religiously on -- to
take as their own magical picture-shield as Dorian did, for several of the
most important decadents it was true.  Huysmans followed in the footsteps of
his own Satanist character in that he left decadence and the Satanism he was
said to have practiced to eventually enter a monastery.  The quasi-decadent
Dostoevsky, while not going so far, did have his confidence in the material
world broken rather early, and, by the end of his life, when the likes of "The
Dream of a Ridiculous Man" was written, had come to believe that redemption in
this world is only possible, if it is possible, through the bearing of the
cross.  MacAndrew sums it up in saying:

          Dostoevsky,  after he had renounced the possibility of  an 
          ideal  social organization, felt (it was a feeling  rather 
          than  an idea) that the whole point of life is  redemption 
          through  suffering  and love, which is  a  very  Christian 
          approach indeed.
                                                 MacAndrew, page 233

Lagerkvist was to take a similar path, beginning in a firm Protestant 
community, passing through the decadence of The Dwarf, but he was eventually 
to end in the trust of religion once more, and his greatest work was Barabbas.

     In all these ways, then, The Dwarf is indeed a decadent novel.  
Stylistically, The Dwarf follows the introspective pattern of Huysmans and the 
decadent novelists, in content The Dwarf tells of Satanism; artificiality; and 
redemption of the woman, who is presented in a manner almost to be worshiped, 
even if the main character himself does not admit as much.  Even in biography 
Lagerkvist suits himself to be considered a member of the school of decadence, 
if not temporally, then by every other qualification.

                              Sources Quoted

Bernstein, Joseph M.  Introduction.  Baudelaire, Rimbaud, Verlaine:   Selected 
     Verse and Prose Poems.  New York:  Citadel, 1993.

Huysmans,  Joris-Karl.   Against Nature.  Trans. Robert  Baldick.   New  York:  
     Penguin, 1959.

---.  L…-Bas.  Trans. Keene Wallace.  New York:  Dover, 1972.

Lagerkvist,  P„r.  The Dwarf.  Trans. Alexandra Dick.  New York:  The  Noonday
     Press, 1988.

LaVey, Anton Szandor.  The Satanic Rituals.  New York:  Avon, 1972.

MacAndrew, Andrew R.  Afterward.  Notes From Underground.  By Fyodor  Dostoev-
     sky.  New York:  Signet, 1961.

Wilde, Oscar.  The Picture of Dorian Gray.  USA:  Random House, n.d.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- POETRiE -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE CHiCKEN-HAWK SWOOPS
     by Not Myself
      
          To lie, to cheat, to steal is
               damnable
               sinful
               forgivable
     Cum cum concentrate dammit
          Arson, murder, rampaging
               just human nature
               never a condemnation
               always a second chance
     Yank the shaft like a springtime flower
               there's duck butter on your chin
     Brief ejaculatory satisfaction
     
                         Hair, hair
                    long
               long hair
          Blurry blinders
     My eyes see only the future
     Give no second thought
     To what has passed
     
          I can see them out my window
               I watch them run play laugh          
          Free unselfconscious laughter
     What did I never have

          I am torn up
               They mend me
               I'm in them
          They are torn apart
     
     In God's eyes everyone is equal
     Everyone can be saved
     Jesus extends his loving arms for all
          In front of my feet is a line in the sand
     
     Time passes too slow
     Beer is for the depression
     Everclear is for the hopes
               to drown them
     
               My ship is sinking
     Kids and children first
               Leave the others
     Kill me
          Kill me.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                               
                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE STORYTELLER -- Part I
     by Kilgore Trout

     We are both storytellers, you and I.  You have your stories, and I have 
mine.  Being human, we are members of the only species known to exist that can 
bring to life that which does not actually occur in reality.  It is a 
wonderful process that allows us access to experiences not normally 
obtainable.  Along with this positive function comes a downfall, though.  For 
in being excellent storytellers and well-rooted in the expos‚ of fiction, we 
also become experts in deceit and falsehoods.

     This is one of my stories.  Yours will no doubt come at a later time.  
But for now, listen to what I have to say.  My story is not a story in the 
truest sense of the word because it is based on fact.  I lived the events you 
are about to experience.  However, all of the other qualities it possesses 
exemplify it as being a story.  Treachery and dishonesty are especially 
emphasized, as they unfortunately go hand in hand with everyday life.

     Do not look for a moral or some kind of message that you think I might be 
trying to convey.  There is none.  Immerse yourself in the visceral aspects of 
the story -- I am here to entertain, not philosophize.  So now follows a 
story.  I hope you appreciate my efforts, and there is only one thing that I 
ask of you.

     Imagine.

                                   * * * * *

     The coffee tasted bitter, but it was piping hot, and I needed the jolt of
caffeine to wake me up.  Jay was late to pick me up, as usual.  I put the mug
on the table and flipped on a switch on the portable black-and-white 
television sitting on the counter.  The TV buzzed, and the screen rolled a few
times before steadying itself.  The latest news was relayed by an overpaid
anchorwoman who needed a few more diction lessons before she'd ever have a
chance to get a spot with the evening news.  She read the latest accounts of
rebel activity in Mexico and Russia off the teleprompter very badly.  I never
understood why the revolutionaries were made to look like criminals.  They
were doing exactly what we had done to the British two hundred years ago, and
no one thinks that was a bad thing.

     The doorbell chimed a few hurried tones.  I turned off the TV, grabbed my
briefcase and went outside.  Jay was standing there, panting.

     "Sorry I'm late," he said.  "I was over at Liz's last night and had to go
home to shower and change."

     I gave him a wry smile.  "Pleasure before business was always your motto,
Jay."

     "You oughta try it sometime, Nathan.  Might get you out of the house every
now and then."

     "Yeah, I'm just *so* spontaneous," I joked.  "Come on.  We better get
moving or Bruder will chew us up"

     We got into Jay's Ford Bronco and headed to work.  Jay ran a few stop 
signs on the way to save time, eliciting numerous honks from other cars and
allowing us to view the finely manicured cuticles on some of the city's best-
cared-for middle fingers.  After about ten minutes of shortcuts, or as Jay
called them, "highly efficient transportation passageways," we pulled into the
office's parking garage.

     "Lots of meetings today, bud," said Jay as we hopped out of the blazer.
"Hope you're in the mood for a lot of crap.  I hate it when budget revision
rolls around."

     "Well, considering how low our profit-margin was last quarter, I'm pretty
sure there's gonna be a lot of changes made over the next few days.  Only
problem is that the budget is stretched very close to the limit."

     "Rumor around the office is that they're gonna lay off staff," Jay 
grinned.  "Bruder better not lay a hand on Emily.  If I lose my secretary, I
might actually have to do some real work."

     "Wouldn't that be the end of it all?  We better get inside."

                                   * * * * *

     "Nathan."  It was Laurie Cox, one of the temps.

     "Yes, Laurie?"

     "Mr. Bruder, uh, wants to see you.  ASAP."

     I didn't like the sound of her voice or the glassy look in her eyes.

     "Did I do something wrong?" I asked.  "What is it, Laurie?"

     "I think you better let the boss explain everything."

     She blinked a bit too rapidly and walked off.  I didn't know what I had
done, but it must be pretty bad for Laurie not to tell me.  We had become
friends of sorts during the seven months she had been working here.  We ate
lunch together quite a bit and talked every so often, but that was it.  After
all, I was a middle-aged man and Laurie could barely get into bars legally.
The girl was smart, though, and gutsy.  She dropped out of Rhodes College her
sophomore year when she realized college didn't educate and was only one big
diploma machine.  At least with work she's making money and not racking up a
big debt.

     I knocked on the door.  The knob turned and Randy Bruder appeared.

     "Nathan, come in," he said dryly.  "Take a seat."

     Bruder walked behind his huge mahogany desk and sat down as I plopped
down in a chair in front of him.  He looked at me for a moment, clasped his 
hands together, and then rested his chin on them.  He sighed.

     "Now, Nathan, I'm sure you are aware of the financial situation of the
company."

     I nodded in the affirmative.

     "Yes, well, I don't know exactly what Laurie has told you, and I'm sure
you have heard rumors--"

     "Sir, wait," I interjected, holding up my hand.  "Ms. Cox is one of the
best temps who has ever worked here.  Surely you can't be thinking of firing
her?"

     He closed his eyes.  "No, Nathan.  Laurie's job is in no danger."

     "That's good to know," I replied.  "I've been going over the budget, and
although it's--"

     "Wait.  Let me finish.  You have been a good employee here, and your work
on the Strauss account was remarkable.  But some things have to be done, and
unfortunately, your position is something we cannot afford to keep."

     "So I'm fired.  Just like that."

     "I'd say 'laid off' is a better phrase."  He sounded too smug.

     I stood up, feeling the skin on my face heat up.  "But I don't understand.
I've worked here for fifteen years, fresh out of college.  I tried to do the 
best I could, put in more overtime than I thought was humanly possible.  Can't
you take that into consideration?"

     "We have.  There is an extra bonus included with your severance pay to
show our appreciation.  I hate to see you go, but what the boys upstairs say
is final.  It's for the good of the company.  I know you can understand that."

     "But we're still turning a profit!" I yelled.  "Why cut employees?"

     His eyes turned cold.  "Goodbye, Nathan.  I hope you find a new job soon.
I know there are plenty of companies who would want a man like you.  Use me as
a reference if you'd like."

     "Like hell I will," I muttered under my breath as I got up and left the 
office.  Laurie was standing outside, head hung low.

     "Thanks for the warning."

                                   * * * * *

     The ringing in my ears turned out to be the telephone.  I reached out to
grab it, fighting the onsetting hangover.  The Irish whiskey had knocked me
out very fast last night.

     "Hello?" I asked, still not half awake.

     "Nathan, it's me," Jay said.  "Are you okay?  You sound drunk."

     "No, I just woke up.  My bedfellow *was* a bottle of whiskey, though, and
now I have a terrible headache."

     "Man, Jesus... I can't believe this happened.  I'm surprised it slipped
by me -- I always here about people who are about get canned."  He paused.  
"Sorry."

     "'s alright."

     "Why didn't you tell me yesterday?  I would have taken you home to keep
you from calling a cab.  When Laurie told me, I couldn't believe it."

     "I just wanted to get the hell out of there.  I kinda yelled at Bruder
when he told me I was getting some extra money to show their appreciation for
my hard work.  Rather would have kept my job."

     "Bruder's an asshole, and he definitely isn't PR material, but he's just
taking orders.  I hope his ass gets fried when they make more cuts."

     "Still wouldn't get me a job."

     "Nope.  But it might make you feel better.  Listen, tomorrow is Friday,
so how about me and you go someplace, find a couple of nice girls, and get
your mind off this?"

     "Jay, I'm thirty-six years old.  I have no job.  I'm not exactly dating
material."

     "Trust me.  We'll have a good time.  Do you need anything?  Want me to
pick up something for you on my way home?"

     "No, I'll be fine here, wallowing in my own self-pity."

     I tried to laugh but couldn't.

     "See, you're cracking jokes.  Already starting to feel better.  If you
need me, I'll be over at Marilyn's tonight."  He gave me the number.

     "Marilyn?  What happened to Elizabeth?"

     Jay chuckled.  "She found out about Trish."

                                   * * * * *

     We had been at the club for about three hours, and the disco music wasn't
exactly to my likings.  I didn't listen to it when I grew up in the seventies,
and it definitely had no place here now.  Jay was off somewhere dancing to
Gloria Gaynor's "I Will Survive" while I was sitting at a table, nursing my
beer and feeling way too old.  And Jay said I would love this place.  A finger
tapped my shoulder, and I turned around.

     "What's a nice guy like you doing in a place like this?" Laurie asked
sarcastically.

     "I'm supposed to be having a good time," I answered.  "Don't I look the
part?"

     "I think you'd have to be wearing bellbottoms or a leisure suit to
accomplish that."

     "Ah, I see.  So, is this one of your usual hangouts?"

     Laurie sat down across from me.  Diana Ross started to sing about a love
hangover.

     "No," she replied.  "Jay told me he was taking you here, and I wanted to
apologize."

     "Apologize?  If anyone should apologize, it should be me for what I said
to you."

     "I should have told you before you went to see Mr. Bruder.  It was the
least I could have done."

     "Don't worry about it.  What's done is done.  And forgotten."

     Jay walked over.  "Hey, Nathan," he said, pointing to the dance floor, "I
think that cute little redhead over there has been eyeing you."  He noticed
Laurie.  "Oh, hi.  Well, I'll go say hi to her myself then."  He turned, ran a
hand through his black hair and strutted over to the young girl.

     "What is he?" asked Laurie.  "Every female's worst nightmare?"

     "That depends on who you ask," I explained.  "Jay would say he's God's
gift to womankind, and there are quite a few women who have agreed.  That is,
until they found out about all the other women that agreed with them."

     Laurie laughed as "YMCA" blared through the speakers.  She looked up with
disgust.  I couldn't help but share the feeling.

     "Who could like the Village People?" she wondered.

     "Well, from a purely public image standpoint, I'm sure Karl Marx would 
have liked them.  A band made up of members of the working class."

     "What about the Indian?  Where does he fit in?"

     "Laurie, you're supposed to laugh at my jokes, not point out holes in 
them."

     She rolled her eyes.  "Did you realize these songs are being played in 
the exact order as that Sounds of the '70s commercial?"

     "How the hell do you know that?" I shrugged.

     "I watch too much television, I guess."

     "That you do."

     "Would you like to get out of here?  This is my first time in this club, 
and I hope it's my last."

     "Truer words were never spoken.

     We stood up to leave.  As we neared the exit, Laurie looked back at me.
"Shouldn't you tell Jay we're leaving?"

     "Nah.  He'll never know I was gone.  Probably figure that I went home
with some bimbo."

     "I hope you don't think I'm a bimbo."

     "Of course not.  They're all over by Jay."

     She laughed again while I opened the door for her.

                                   * * * * *

     The coffeehouse was filled to capacity, but we managed to find a table in
one of the back rooms.  At the table next to us were a group of long-haired 
guys with a stack of books in the center of them.  I caught a few of the
authors' names -- Kropotkin, Guevara, Alinsky -- and heard them discussing
something about how revolution had to be continual to keep anyone from getting
into power.  In about four years they'd all be clean-shaven and working in the
business world.  All my ideals for a better world flew out the window when I
had to find money to pay the rent after college.

     Laurie really was beautiful, something I had never noticed before.  Her
short, black hair fell in soft wisps down to her pale cheeks, and she filled
out the tight black dress nicely.  I never did think about relationships and
dating at work.  I always figured that it was a bad idea, but now that we 
didn't work together... no, that was stupid.  She was young, and I, well, 
wasn't.  Who'd wanna shack up with some guy with no job, no ambition, and an
impending midlife crisis?  I certainly wouldn't.

     She sipped from her coffee.  "So, does this place suit you better?"

     "I think Dante's Inferno would have been paradise next to that place."

     "It's good to know you have decent tastes.  If you had wanted to stay, I
think I might would have gouged the DJ's eyes out or something."

     "Yeah," I nodded.  "I could see that happening.  Does that mean you're a
humanitarian?"

     "It's a dirty job, but somebody has to do it.  Speaking of dirty jobs, 
have you figured out what you're going to do yet?"

     "Guess I'll get my resume together and find another account job at some
firm."

     "Is that what you want?"

     "It's what I'm qualified to do."

     "But do you really want to keep doing that?  Isn't there something you've
always wanted to try?"

     "I'm too old to be taking chances."

     She leaned forward.  "Bullshit.  It's just a matter of how old you feel."

     "I need stability."

     Laurie held her thumb and index finger an inch apart.  "Life's only so
long, and it's nothing but a drop in the bucket when you think about it.
Stability is nice, but you have to live a little while you still can."

     "How come you think you know everything?"

     "I'm not old enough to know that I don't, and I hope I never do."

     "I hope so too, for your sake.  And thank you."

     "For what?"

     "For making this evening better than it looked like it was gonna be."

     "My pleasure.  We'd better leave.  This place is about to close."

     "What time is it?"

     "Almost one."

     "Damn.  I musta been at the club longer than I thought."

     We left and walked to the car.  It was a nice night, the crisp air making
it just cool enough to be really comfortable and relaxing.  After a couple of
blocks we made it back to the parking lot.  As I sat down, she leaned over and
kissed me on the lips hard.

     "Let me drive you to my house," she pleaded.

     "Laurie, what are you doing?" I asked.

     "Trying to seduce you."

     "But I'm almost twenty years older than you!" I stormed.

     She huffed.  "There you go, bringing age into it again."

     "Well," I acknowledged, "that kiss made me feel like I was in high school
again."

     Laurie inched closer to me on the seat.  "Then why not go with the 
feeling?  Be wild again.  Do something irresponsible?"

     "I can't.  I'm sorry.  I just need time."

     She turn the ignition and gunned the engine.  "Well, I've waited seven
months, I guess a little more time won't matter."

     It was a long ride to my house.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


State  of  unBeing  is  copyrighted (c) 1995 by Kilgore  Trout  and  Apocalypse 
Culture Publications.   All rights are reserved to cover,  format,  editorials, 
and all incidental material.   All individual items are copyrighted (c) 1995 by 
the individual author, unless  otherwise stated.  This file may be disseminated 
without restriction for  nonprofit purposes so long as it is preserved complete 
and  unmodified.   Quotes and  ideas not  already in  the  public domain may be 
freely used  so  long  as  due recognition is provided.   State  of  unBeing is  
available at the following places:

                 iSiS UNVEiLED   512.930.5259  14.4 (Home of SoB)
                THE LiONS' DEN   512.259.9546  24oo
                  TEENAGE RiOt   418.833.4213  14.4 NUP: COSMIC_JOKE
                    MOGEL-LAND   215-732-3413  14.4
                 ftp to io.com   /pub/SoB
                World Wide Web   http://io.com/~hagbard/sob.html

Submissions may also be sent to Kilgore Trout at <kilgore@bga.com>.  Thank you.


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
