
 Living in such a state          taTestaTesTaTe          etats a hcus ni gniviL
 of mind in which time         sTATEsTAtEsTaTeStA         emit hcihw ni dnim of
 does not pass, space         STateSTaTeSTaTeStAtE         ecaps ,ssap ton seod
 does not exist, and         sTATeSt        oFOfOfo         dna ,tsixe ton seod
 idea is not there.         STatEst          ofoFOFo         .ereht ton si aedi
 Stuck in a place          staTEsT            OfOFofo          ecalp a ni kcutS
 where movements           TATeSTa            foFofoF           stnemevom erehw
 are impossible                              fOFoFOf             elbissopmi era
 in all forms,                             UsOFofO                ,smrof lla ni
 physical and                            nbEifof                   dna lacisyhp
 or mental -                           uNBeInO                      - latnem ro
 your mind is                         UNbeinG                      si dnim rouy
 focusing on a                       unBEING                      a no gnisucof
 lone thing, or                      NBeINgu                     ro ,gniht enol
 a lone nothing.                     bEinGUn                    .gnihton enol a
 You are numb and                    EiNguNB                   dna bmun era ouY
 unaware to events                                            stneve ot erawanu
 taking place - not                  -iSSuE-                 ton - ecalp gnikat
 knowing how or what                  FORTY                 tahw ro woh gniwonk
 to think. You are in                10/15/97              ni era uoY .kniht ot
 a state of unbeing....                                  ....gniebnu fo etats a

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

                            CONTENTS OF THiS iSSUE
                           =----------------------=

EDiTORiAL                                                           Crux Ansata

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

STAFF LiSTiNGS


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]

CAPiTALiSM AND HUMAN NATURE                                         Crux Ansata

THE REVOLUTION IS NOW                                               Bobbi Sands

CONFESSiONS OF A MALE FEMiNiST                                      Crux Ansata

PAGE FROM A DIARY                                                   Crux Ansata


                              [=- POETASTRiE -=]

UNNAMED BAD POEM                                           Flying Rat's Nostril

PROMETHEUS MOURNS                                              Nemo est Sanctus


                               [=- FiCTiON -=]

ALL POWER STEMS FROM...                              I Wish My Name Were Nathan

PREDATOR                                                  Howler in the Shadows

DANCE OF THE HEKURA          Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     EDiTORiAL
     Crux Ansata

     First of all, boys and girls, it's October.  Remember to be wearing black 
on the twenty-second for the National Day of Protest Against Police Brutality.  
Tell your friends.

     There's been a bit of a shake-up here at State of unBeing offices.  Or, 
rather, that isn't "here".  The true successors to State of unBeing are 
working from an undisclosed location, at least until we manage to drive the 
usurpers from the complex.

     In any case, here is the summary.  After I Wish My Name Were Nathan had 
Kilgore Trout killed, and then tried to cover it up, we had to have a meeting 
of the Intertextual Workingman's Association.  We would have been flexible, 
and even would have allowed the people to vote on the multimedia idea, so long 
as we could have been sure the people would have voted the right way.  But it 
wasn't working out.

     I'm kidding, of course.  The people kicked IWMNWN out for killing 
Kilgore.  Killing editors is wrong, even if he had it coming.

     So, boys and girls, you know what State of unBeing looks like.  If 
anything drops into your mailbox that doesn't look right, it isn't right.  And 
see if I Wish My Name Were Nathan ever ends up on the contributors list now.

     We have a pretty decent issue, anyway.  Several articles, a couple of 
pretty bad poems -- but they're short, and several short stories.  Not bad 
from working on a laptop plugged into the cigarette lighter of our old pick-up 
truck, don't you think?

     Until later, It Is Right to Resist.

                                    * * *

News Updates:

     The Congress has on the fast track a lovely bill called the Freedom from 
Religious Persecution Act.  This bill essentially sets up an organization 
answerable only to the U.S. President, with the power to enact sanctions, 
etc., against countries whose religious policies they don't approve of.  It 
also calls for this office to monitor religious organizations around the world 
-- with no injunction against within our borders.

     That means the U.S. government is going to be tracking and monitoring 
people's religious affiliations.

     I don't know about you, but I find that ominous.

                                     *

     Here in Texas, we continue to have prisoners of war in relation to the 
Republic of Texas movement.  Never thought I'd see it.  The movement is 
struggling now under legal fees, and has little chance of surviving.

     Meanwhile, Texas also leads the country in state executions.

                                     *

     Earlier this year, the Southern Poverty Law Center released a report on 
militia organizations two years after the Oklahoma City bombing.  The SPLC is 
a familiar name to those following militia and similar organizations, or the 
Oklahoma City bombing, and is an organization dedicated to smearing 
organizations the One Worlders don't approve of.  Because the average American 
-- newspaper employee or otherwise -- has the political consciousness of a 
carrot, if your organization has a sweet sounding name like "Southern Poverty 
Law Center", you get believed.  Among their targets this year was the United 
States Taxpayer Party.  Their crime?  Openly opposing the New World Order.  
(Believe it or not, the SPLC report listed opposing the New World Order as a 
reason for being listed as an anti-government hate group.)

                                     *

     A member of the joint chiefs of staff recently told the Army Times 
Americans are soon going to have to choose between decreased civil liberties 
and decreased protection from domestic terrorist activity.

                                     *

     Across the country, large conglomerates are buying up radio stations and 
television stations and bringing them into ever smaller ownership groups.  
Particularly noticeable in this trend is that conservative talk radio is being 
bought up -- and shut down -- decreasing the variety of views available in the 
media.  This has been made possible through the recent Telecommunications Act 
of 1996.  If anyone speaks legalese and can explain how and why these changes 
were made, aside from economic censorship purposes, I'd appreciate hearing it.

                                     *

     A new study shows poverty among Texas children to be 24% -- 39% among 
African American children in Texas.  I know of only two places with a rate 
higher than that latter.  Poverty is 40% among some communities in New York 
City, and Guatemala.

                                     *

     Michael New has entered the appeals phase of his trial for refusing to 
wear the United Nations blue beret.  (His struggle is far from over.  There is 
no doubt whichever side loses this appeal will bring it to the Supreme Court.)  
In other news, the United Nations recently seized three Serbian radio stations 
due to disapproving of their news broadcasts, and reports of UN blue helmet
atrocities from abuse of power to rape and child prostitution continue to 
stack up.

     The price we pay for "world peace".

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

Dear Editor:

     I just thought I'd write in and voice my support for the one true State 
of unBeing.  Not too long ago ansat pulled up to my office, bleeding from 
several wounds, in a gunshot-riddled beat up old pickup truck with the 
Apocalypse Culture Publications seal on the door.  After letting him stand in 
the rain for a while and liberating him from society's demands that he stay 
dry, I let him into my office, at that time still located in a cardboard box 
in the turning lane of US 183, and we discussed the future of the zine after 
the rise of the Young Pretender Nate.  (I can call him Nate when we're at 
war.)  After hearing ansat's long, twisted, story of sex, money, and betrayal, 
we set out to publish the truth, along with the help of a few loyal 
contributors who had not been subverted by Nathan's -- I mean Nate's -- lies.  
After several attempted firebombings on my office foiled by the rain and wet 
cardboard, we moved my office and operations to an undisclosed location in a 
street outside the University of Texas.  Despite complaints about the road 
narrowing, we've worked night and day to bring you the issue you now hold on 
your computer.  We will reclaim the ACP complex, and I urge you all to take up 
arms and aide us in the fight against the tyrant IWMNWN.  Of course, I will 
join in the fighting as soon as they tell me where the complex is.  So rally 
around the true SoB and recognize ansat's claim to succession, at least until 
I claim it for myself.

                         In Defense of the SoB We All Love,

                                          Captain Moonlight

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                                STAFF LiSTiNG

                                   EDiTOR

                                 Crux Ansata

                                CONTRiBUTORS

                                 Bobbi Sands
                                 Crux Ansata
           Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes
                            Flying Rat's Nostril
                            Howler in the Shadows
                         I Wish My Name Were Nathan
                              Nemo est Sanctus

                               GUESSED STARS

                              Captain Moonlight

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- ARTiCLES -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     CAPiTALiSM AND HUMAN NATURE
     Crux Ansata

     I'm sure I've said this before, but there are few things that irritate me 
so much as to be told something I have experienced is impossible.  This often 
comes up when discussing Capitalism with the bourgeois.  Whether due to shame 
-- an attempt to find an excuse for their self-centeredness -- or due to 
actual, innocent inability to see reality, I don't know, and my usual answer 
is more trite than thorough:  I point out that it is one human's nature, but 
not mine, and that their selfishness is no justification for a parasitic 
worldview.  They may consider it impossible, but I simply do not see the world 
their way.  I do not live for money, I do not feel a need to beat out my 
neighbor, and I am not aware of feeling a desire to stockpile that particular 
fetish.

     There is a level of truth to it, though.  Capitalism has deformed human 
nature into a form that allows those benefiting from the inequalities of 
capitalism -- and those who merely hope to -- to justify their predation.

                        Various Views of Human Nature

     A number of views of human nature compete in our intellectual world, our 
marketplace of ideas.  Many or most people have some combination of these 
views, although few examine why, or even what, they believe.

     The Capitalistic view of human nature should seem familiar to most 
people.  After all, this is the concept we are brainwashed into believing.  As 
Marx said in The German Ideology:  "The ideas of the ruling class are in every 
epoch the ruling ideas."  This is to say, the ideology of the ruling class is 
the ideology of the nation, and our ruling class has its ducks in the 
proverbial row on this one.  Our schools, our courts, our advertising all 
conspire to teach us this distorted perspective.  Worse, the people want to 
believe it, for reasons I will go into later.  Suffice it now to say that this 
conception provides a cover to allow people to think and do what they are made 
to believe they want to, without bowing down to idols like "virtue", 
"morality", "justice", or outdated systems of prescribed morality, like the 
Bible, the Quran, or the Declaration of Independence.  This view of human 
nature frees the people to be the willing slaves of the ruling class.  Heil 
Progress!

     The fundamental principle of the Capitalist view of human nature is the 
assumption that humans exist in a "war of all against all".  This draws from 
the first prophet of Capitalism:  Hobbes, in his book Leviathan.  From the
time it was published Hobbes was persecuted by those who misinterpreted his 
work.  Many, for example, saw it as an atheistic work.  This atheistic 
distortion has continued into Capitalism in those who see the negative in man 
to be inherent, somehow genetic, indeed "human nature", while Hobbes himself 
would undoubtedly have traced it to the fall of man.  Those who see the war of 
all against all in the contemporary manner of Capitalism are also guilty of 
another misinterpretation of which Hobbes would be quite sad.

     This is not a critique of Hobbes, and I do not want to devote too much 
time to philosophical disputes between he and I.  (There are many.)  Neither 
do I intend to dwell on how the world-historical situation in which he was 
writing influenced his beliefs.  I mean only to point out his position as 
prophet of the Capitalist order -- and that he probably intended no such 
thing.  He was quite clear in the beginning of his Leviathan that he was 
discarding the concept of the summum bonum, the absolute good.  He gave no 
reason for this, and was probably well aware his work was not a self-contained 
system of philosophy, but an intentional distortion of the world for the sake 
of demonstrating a point.

     This distortion has become enshrined into the dogma of the Capitalist 
faith.

     The second prophet of the Capitalist faith, and one who I suspect knew he 
was distorting someone, was T.H. Huxley.  (He was the grandfather of the 
Aldous Huxley who wrote the books Brave New World and Brave New World 
Revisited, et al.)  Huxley generalized this distortion of the world of man as 
a war of all against all into a world of all species against all species, and 
into a concept where not only every species but every individual within every 
species was in similar competition.  Huxley was a Darwinian revisionist, and 
some of his work on evolution as being less gradualistic than Darwin conceived 
is without doubt of value, but intentionally or not, Huxley presented a 
worldview heavily distorted against cooperation and towards competition, which 
has yet to be rectified in the common mind.  (I suspect most people still 
believe the phrase "survival of the fittest" is from Darwin.)

     The impact of this distortion was to make it justified as not only a 
feature of fallen human society, but as an inherent rule of all nature for 
humans to be willing to destroy each other.  Indeed, it was made a relative 
good for an individual human to destroy those around him.  These features of 
"social Darwinism" and eugenics were most pronounced in the earlier part of 
this century.  Hitler is often cited as one of them, although he was more 
altruistic than our contemporary Capitalists.  Hitler had an understanding of 
cooperation as a factor in evolution, though he restricted it to those of an 
individual's race.  Contemporary Capitalists deny the value of cooperation 
except where necessary for individual gain.  Another celebrated early 
proponent of social Darwinism and eugenics was Margaret Sanger, founder of 
Planned Parenthood.  This group proudly states it follows in her ideological 
footsteps, and indeed does so.  (See any research into birth control 
activities in other nations, where Planned Parenthood is more drastic and so 
more noticeable.)  What Planned Parenthood tries to gloss over is Ms Sanger's 
open intentions to exterminate undesirables, such as the poor and economically 
nonproductive, as well as Catholics and members of racial minorities.

     These features of the Capitalist worldview can thus be summarized 
briefly:  "The world," the Capitalist says, "is a battle of all against all.
As a zero sum game, in order for me to benefit, others must suffer.  Even if I 
understand this to be true I deny responsibility as I see it as an inevitable 
feature of the natural laws of this world.  After all, humans are the sum of 
millennia of evolution which have programmed us to destroy everything weaker 
than ourselves and to take what they have, merely to survive.  If I didn't 
destroy those around me, they would destroy me.  We have a genetic 
predisposition for this.  It is human nature," the Capitalist concludes, "for 
me to act in a way once considered evil.  It is my nature, and if I don't I 
shall be destroyed."

     This distorted worldview, which is by all neutral definitions a 
psychosis, leads to great amounts of fear, rage, hate, and shame, some of the 
impacts of which I will get into in the section on how and why Capitalism 
distorts the subjective world of those of us colonized by it.  First, though, 
let us look at some impacts of this worldview on Capitalist anthropology.

     By anthropology here I mean its most basic meaning:  the study of man.  
Any worldview -- by humans, at least -- must include a set of beliefs 
concerning what man is, where he comes from, where he is going, and so on.  
(Some deny that an atheistic or skeptical society has such beliefs, but I hold 
"indeterminate" to be a valid value.)

     Capitalism's anthropology is particularly morbid.  Capitalism, first, 
presumes all humans to have only the value they have or can take.  This 
fundamental worthlessness of humans is often denied, but obviously true to 
those who are not willfully blind.  Each individual is taken to have value 
relatively, not absolutely.  (This is an obvious function of the Capitalist 
concentration on the supply-demand relationship.)

     This relative value takes its scale from a number of origins.  Some judge 
human worth by the amount of money they own, or the economic influence they 
control, and so on.  All of these are smoke screens.  The fundamental 
expression of the worthlessness with which the Capitalist views humans is the 
fact that, in Capitalism, every human becomes nothing more than a commodity, 
something manufactured, bought and sold not because it is considered valuable 
in and of itself, but merely for the accumulation of more commodities.  The 
fundamental value -- in Capitalism -- of any human being is how much they can 
produce, how much value they can receive for their labor time, a.k.a. their 
life.

     As an historical aside, it is relevant here to take a glance over our 
collective shoulder at the Christian anthropology, at least briefly.  The 
Christian worldview forms the basis of the current Western worldview not 
because the latter is built on the former, but due to historical happenstance.  
The Capitalist worldview is absolutely distinct from Christianity, despite 
claims occasionally made to the contrary.

     There are two essential features of Christian anthropology that must be 
contrasted against Capitalism to relatively see the systems.  (These are, of 
course, not exclusive to Christianity.)  The first has to do with the value of 
humans.  In Christian philosophy, every human is of infinite intrinsic value.  
This is value that is not put into the person, and cannot be taken away.  It 
holds for every person, whatever their condition.  One historical way this 
concept has been expressed is:  "We hold these truths to be self-evident, that 
all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain
unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of 
Happiness."  Obviously, this is anathema to Capitalism, which views humans 
through exchange value, although some make lip service to humans as use value.  
(In truth, a human of no use value to the ruling class also has no exchange 
value, but the commodification of humans makes the dominant perspective the 
exchange value.  A simple proof of this:  A poor child dying of leukemia has 
no use value to the ruling class.  Therefore, among the ruling class, she also 
has no exchange value.  To the child's mother, this child is of infinite value 
in and of itself, that is to say infinite use value.  However, this mother 
cannot exchange anything for this child's life, and hence cannot interest the 
ruling class in mere matters of morality.  The exchange value, dominated by 
the ruling class, shatters to insignificance the infinite value of a daughter 
to her mother.)

     Second, and perhaps more discussed, is the origin of evil in man.  The 
Capitalist considers evil to be inherent in man, and some claim this is an 
outgrowth of -- or at least compatible with -- Christian philosophy.  This is, 
of course, wrong.  Christian philosophy does not blame evil in the person as 
being inherent "human nature", but rather the effect of an historical and 
rectifiable event, i.e. the Fall in the Garden.  To the Christian, every human 
is inherently good.  Evil actions are the result of man's unfortunate, fallen, 
imperfect state.

     These two -- Christianity and Capitalism -- do not, incidentally, exhaust 
the possibilities.  I will briefly run through some others.

     Orthodox Marxism tends to consider human nature to be something quite 
malleable.  The orthodox Marxist tends to think that if the government was 
good, and sufficiently strong, people could be forced, coerced, or trained 
into being good.  This is true to an extent, but is not absolutely true.  No 
matter what the upbringing, if someone were put into a Capitalist society they 
would begin again to manifest the failings of Capitalist man, unless they were 
particularly strong in will.

     Anarchism is often presented as believing that humans are inherently 
good, and this is often used as a critique against them.  In actuality, 
although some Anarchists hold this, by no means do all.  Some, indeed, take 
the Capitalist claim that man is inherently evil, and use that for the 
explanation of why they accept no master, who by definition could not be a 
"better" master than he himself.  Anarchism is too broad a trend to exhaust 
its anthropology here.

     There is one Anarchist who must be made note of here, though, and that is 
Prince Petr Kropotkin, who styled himself an Anarcho-Communist.  He was a 
scientist, and like Huxley was a Darwinian revisionist.  Unlike Huxley, 
though, Kropotkin focused on cooperation rather than competition.

     In his work Mutual Aid as a Factor in Evolution, Kropotkin destroyed the 
claim that there is some kind of scientific "proof" that competition is the be 
all and end all of evolution, a position Darwin would never have conceded to.  
Darwin held, and Kropotkin expanded upon this claim, that there are two trends 
in a species, that to cooperate and that to compete, and that these trends 
manifest themselves under various conditions.  Some of these conditions have 
been since examined even more thoroughly, though the tests are often framed so 
as not to make clear all the results.  (Frequently, they concentrate on
phenomena such as overcrowding, without using the results to form adequate 
political conclusions.)  More on some of these conditions will be said in the 
section on Capitalism's deformation of man.

     As an aside, there are some that don't bother with what man is qua man, 
and instead hold that some individual men are simply superior, in one way or 
another, than others.  This sometimes takes the form of a superior group, such 
as in National Socialism, or a vanguard who are simply more aware of the 
truth, such as in Bolshevism.  Some hold that some individual is simply 
superior, as Nietzsche's superman.  Some forms of Gnosticism apparently held 
that some men were superior to others, although this is debated.  If they did, 
it would likely be along the lines of the feature in some forms of 
Protestantism, holding that some are saved and some are not, and this 
salvation makes the individual metaphysically better.

     The worldview we are to examine here is Capitalism, and the question is 
the nature of all men.  Having set the terms of Capitalist anthropology, and 
set them in the perspective of other worldviews, I now turn to the how and why 
of the matter.

                  Capitalism's Deformation of Human Nature

     Capitalism cannot be said to have directly caused the Capitalist view of 
human nature.  Someone had to have come up with the idea first; indeed, a 
class of people did.  Capitalism's beneficiaries, though, continue to teach 
and indoctrinate so as to make sure this worldview remains dominant -- and 
virtually uncontested.

     The fundamental manner of teaching this is as explained above:  the 
devaluation of humanity into a commodity.  As less and less people came to 
have wealth and control, as political power concentrated into smaller and 
smaller entities, people came to "owe" their labor -- their life -- to those 
who controlled the flow of money.  That is to say, people in general ceased to 
be able to live without selling themselves into wage-slavery.  This was not a 
conspiracy, so far as I know, so much as a snowball effect.  Some people had 
the wealth, and they controlled more.  For whatever reason, these first 
Capitalists increased their holdings.  They came to see that if they told the 
people they were worthless, and if they forced these people to act as if they 
were worthless, they would be able to increase their economic power.

     People not being inherently evil, these early Capitalists needed to come 
up with an excuse why they had more than others.  We see this in the 
prejudices against Blacks as being inherently inferior, and hence calling 
poverty and slavery upon themselves.  Similar claims were made regarding all 
colonized people, such as the Irish and Native Americans, and continue to be 
made.  Otherwise intelligent people can with all conviction say that the poor 
are universally lazy, that the beggars in the streets universally choose their 
lifestyle, and not even realize the prejudice and hatred in such statements, 
or wonder on what they base these beliefs.  In the past, much of it was an 
excuse for shame.  Today, this shame is hardly conscious, as people go their 
entire lives without having such prejudices challenged.  People simply don't 
realize it is wrong -- much like the segregation and slavery of the past.

     These excuses work along with and perpetuate the economic development of 
Capitalism.  Once the Capitalist has deluded himself into believing he is
somehow doing the working class a favor by his parasitism, he can continue to 
do what he wanted to in the first place -- drain away the last of the workers' 
commodities.  As he has "proven" to his satisfaction that the worker has no 
value aside from his productivity -- which is to say the worker has no value 
other than the worker's value to the Capitalist -- he can believe he is doing 
the worker a favor by commodifing him.

     (Keep in mind that this trend works along with the trend to decrease the 
number of hands holding the money -- in other words monopolies are an 
inevitable result of Capitalism unless it is restrained by another force.  In 
our country, this opposing force is pretended to be the government, despite 
the fact that the government remains in the hands of the wealthy, and even if 
it were placed in the hands of the people, would be worthless there as long as 
the wealthy continue to blackmail the worker through his domination of the 
factories, and brainwash the worker through his domination of the schools and 
media.)

     It is not enough for the Capitalist to control most of the money.  He has 
worked himself and those around him into a worldview of wanting more.  This 
feature of Capitalism makes it essentially a cancer on society.  It can 
survive only so long as it devours.  When a market is saturated, a new market 
must be created, so our cigarette companies use international trade 
organizations to bully open Asian markets, and our companies invent "planned 
obsolescence", which is why everything seems to break down so much faster.  
"They don't make them like they used to" is a Capitalist necessity.  But there 
are more insidious ways that the Capitalist uses, and at least one of these 
has to do with programming of the America psyche.

     Capitalism commodifies everything, and one of the ways this is least 
perceivable is that, now, Capitalism has actually managed to commodify money, 
divorcing it from its traditional ground in silver and gold.  Not only that, 
but it has monopolized money, and found a way for a small group of Capitalists 
to profit from the "manufacturing" of money.  This is not the place for a 
detailed analysis of the Federal Reserve, and such an analysis would probably 
be beyond my capacity.  These are only a couple of things that need be noted 
here.  (As an initial aside, on the subject of commodification, a few decades 
ago American money was commodified.  There is nothing backing the American 
dollar except American guns.  American money gets its value entirely 
relativistically, like stocks on the stock market.  If ever certain nations 
lost their trust of or love for the American government, you and I would be 
sitting through a horrible depression.  Somehow, I doubt the ruling class 
would find itself destitute.)  Our money, when printed, is "loaned" to the 
United States government, who distributes it to the people.  As this is a 
"loan", the government actually has to pay the people who loaned them the 
money, and these people are a corporation, not a branch of the government 
answerable to the people.  Our government is democratic, and so has everything 
divided up among the people.  The ruling class has to do all the governing, 
and you and I only have to pay the bills.  This means we pay a fee for having 
our American monetary system.

     Twisted as this is, it gets better.  The government has established a 
monopoly on the publication of bills.  Only one corporation may manufacture 
bills.  If I printed bills which, for all practical intents and purposes, were 
dollar bills, I would be a criminal, and would go to jail.  If these people 
print the same bill, they are businessmen, and I pay a fee for not having to
bother with the freedom to manufacture the goods these people force me to use.  
What this means practically -- aside from all the other things that economics 
books talk about from the dangers of monopolies -- is that this corporation 
controls the interest rate.  This interest rate, through magickal powers I 
don't quite understand, control "growth" in our market.  In practical terms, 
the government controls unemployment.

     The ruling class does not want universal employment.  The ruling class 
wants all the economic power.  By forcing unemployment to continue, they 
create a shortage of jobs and a surplus of workers.  This means workers are 
forced into competition with each other, and so (1) have to accept lower wages 
or die, and (2) will not organize, because they don't trust the other workers 
and have to bow to the demands of the bosses not to organize.  The ruling 
class has created something of a safety net to prevent people starving to 
death in the streets, at least to a degree:  until the people are not quite at 
the point of revolution.  When the people's spirit has been sufficiently 
crushed, you can be sure people will be starving to death again.  Just looking 
at the poverty figures or visiting a couple of families on welfare will show 
you what it will look like, though on a smaller scale.  The greatest 
humiliation in our nation is this:  The ruling class wants unemployment; the 
people do not.  The ruling class benefits from unemployment; the people 
suffer.  The ruling class creates unemployment; the people pay for it.  The 
ruling class has a demand for unemployment, and in all fairness they should 
pay for it.  In all callousness, the working class benefits from people 
starving in the streets.  That increases agitation, speeds revolution, and 
shrinks the working pool, boosting wages.  But the working class pays a 
disproportionate amount of welfare.  There was a time when noblesse oblige 
made this concept laughable, but today we "know" human nature justifies the 
ruling class's behaving like maggots and vultures.

     This domination of the Federal Reserve is a single example of another 
larger phenomenon.  Capitalism depends on consumption.  When a market does not 
exist, Capitalism forces one.  It is therefore in the interests of Capitalism 
to create shortages where none exist.  This is a well known phenomenon, and is 
blatantly obvious in much of our advertising.  A desire is created for a new 
product, and then this desire is made into a "need", and then people can no 
longer conceive of a life without the product.

     In my opinion, one of the worst uses of this tactic is that addressed 
above:  creating an artificial shortage of jobs, to force people to struggle 
against each other instead of acting in solidarity.  There are other bad ways 
too, though.  The ruling class pretends there is a shortage of resources, so 
people are unwilling to support welfare bills and the like, despite the fact 
the people with the least to give are disproportionately charged.  The ruling 
class creates shortages of necessary supplies, such as food.  While this 
benefits economically the rich, the poor die, or at least go undernourished.  
In Boston, a malnutrition clinic was recently opened, because malnutrition 
exists in Boston at third world levels.  That is not right in a country like 
ours, where no shortage exists, where farmers are paid not to farm, and where 
Capitalism artificially increases the prices.  By a blind adherence to the 
price curve above all else, the human factor is lost.  Where there is no 
shortage, where some can afford to waste, no one should die of want.  That is 
not a statement of economics; that is true human nature.

     Psychology experiments have been done on humans and animals as to what
happens when shortages exist, and bear in mind that these shortages only need 
to be perceived.  When these shortages appear to the people -- shortages of 
food, shortages of space, and so on -- some interesting habits arise.  For one 
thing, cooperation goes down, and competition goes up.  Every species has the 
habit of helping their own, unless there is a shortage preventing it.  (Our 
greatest men have been those who help their own even when they personally 
suffer.  The universal respect paid these people speaks volumes on human 
nature.)  For territorial animals, this "shortage" of space can be merely 
perceived, etc.  As Capitalism creates artificial shortages, so it increases 
artificial competition and artificially stops cooperation.

     Another behavior that increases with shortages is aggression.  Murder 
rates go up.  Deviant sexuality goes up.  In extreme cases, cannibalism -- a 
physical version of the way people destroy each other to get ahead -- occurs.  
Much of our society's ills "coincidentally" parallel what would be expected if 
we had shortages.  Sickeningly, these shortages are man made.

     Like the cycles of alcoholism and child abuse, this cycle of fear and 
lack of cooperation threatens to be intergenerational.  There is some evidence 
that humans are born incompletely developed -- as fetuses -- and there is no 
doubt humans are influenced by their environment.  Raise a child in constant 
terror of shortages -- or merely in constant terror -- and he will be more 
likely to be unable to see through the Capitalist lie.  On a related note, see 
The Plug-In Drug on the terror-inspiring effects of television on children.

     A bit more abstractly, this treatment of people as commodities causes 
them to be less interested in their work, less satisfied with their lives, and 
so on.  Capitalism causes people to be less interested in themselves as 
humans, which perpetuates Capitalism just as does the use of this mythos for 
assuaging the remnants of bourgeois conscience and provide the petit-bourgeois 
with a worldview for getting ahead.  People no longer see the value in 
themselves and in their work.  (This phenomenon is also known as alienation.)  
This leads them to put less attention and effort, less care, into it.  This is 
a downward spiral.

                 Some Results of the Capitalist Deformation

     Before ending this essay, I will take a moment to summarize some of the 
most practical ways in which Capitalism, as described above, is in the process 
of destroying our nation, and our people.

  i. Devaluation Causes Death

     The Capitalist worldview presents, as demonstrated above, humans as 
valuable only through their exchange value.  As this is hammered into the 
heads of the people, they come to have a diminished view of themselves, and of 
each other.  The violent opposition to the value of human by virtue of being 
human reflects itself in the perceived value of the people to each other.

     In our society, we are seeing a massive level of murder.  This is not 
reflected in other nations, although they are moving in this direction.  As 
they continue to destroy their economic opposition and cooperative movements, 
and "modernize" into Capitalist states, their murder rates will increase.  
Capitalism drives the individual not only to lesser assessments of his own 
value, but lesser assessments of his brothers' value.  Hence, we see children
killing without any conception of the evil of their actions.  They see 
themselves as merely dispensing with something which no longer had exchange 
value to them.  In a healthy people, a human is of infinite value.  In our 
society, humans are sometimes of lesser value than shoes or cars.

     On a more controversial note, Capitalism also has led to increases in 
abortion.  A child is no longer seen as infinitely valuable.  (I would say the 
child is not seen as a distinct human being, but this is only true in rhetoric 
and self-deception.  All scientific evidence speaks otherwise.  People don't 
like to admit it, but abortion is not a matter of human versus non-human.  It 
is an issue of human with exchange value versus human without exchange value.)  
This child can be dispensed with because he is not seen as having intrinsic 
value, an expression of Capitalism's Big Lie.

     Finally, as previously explained, eugenics is made palatable by 
Capitalism.  Those who are not economically viable, those who no longer have 
exchange value for the ruling class, can be "put to sleep".  This is only 
possible because Capitalism has destroyed the concept of human as 
intrinsically valuable.

 ii. Devaluation Causes Depression

     Capitalism tells the worker, he who must sell his lifeforce in order to 
physically survive, that he is worthless.  Even those who have economic power 
enough to survive are told they are without value in and of themselves.  I 
ought not to have, but when I began talking with members of socioeconomic 
classes significantly higher than my own, I was surprised at the degree of 
drug abuse, nihilism, and simple alienation present among them.  As I say:  I 
ought not have been surprised.  Capitalism tells everyone they are 
intrinsically worthless.

     This is more or less a definition of alienation, and it would be 
redundant to say this leads to alienation.  It does lead to depression, 
though, with a constant feeling of despair and worthlessness.  I suspect it 
leads even to a number of mental disorders considered physical.  The constant 
stress and fear brought on by Capitalism likely lead to things such as 
clinical depression and schizophrenia, both of which are known to increase 
under stress.  The current fad of drugging those who suffer from such maladies 
merely bolsters the ruling class, and can only last temporarily, or until we 
are all in a Huxlean soma-state.  (Incidentally, recreational and escapist 
drug use among the people voluntarily also helps the ruling class, for the 
same reasons.)

     On a related note, this leads to a degeneration in the schools.  What 
once were seen as ways to form valued individuals is now seen as a way to make 
individuals "productive" or "employable".  It sickens me how much people buy 
into this.  One would expect even children can see through the way that, if 
schools are seen as ways to make them "employable" and agitate for "classes 
that will help" them "in real life", schools become merely another way they 
are dehumanized and devalued, but I know from experience this is not so.  Even 
the children buy the lie.

     From elementary schools to colleges, schools are seen only as ways to 
help people get jobs and make money, and this is a trend which must be battled 
from the outside.  Those in the institutions generally can't even see they way
they are being brainwashed.

iii. Devaluation Causes Degeneracy

     Finally, and a bit more abstractly, the devaluation of humanity by 
Capitalism leads to increased degeneracy in the nation.  As everything is seen 
only in its capacity to increase economic power, values of all kinds, and 
especially the value of humans as individuals, go out the proverbial window.  
As one facet of this, I will look at the commodification of sex, but this is 
merely one way in which this takes place.

     Capitalism commodifies everything.  This is the only way the Capitalist 
can measure how much he dominates his fellow man, if he has a scale for 
measuring this domination.  Sex does not escape this.  Not only is sex 
devalued and dehumanized, which helps the ruling class but is not my direct 
focus here, sex becomes merely another thing to sell.  Unfortunately, the 
fundamentalist Capitalist, who has lost the ability to view the world 
objectively, cannot see the evil in this, but those who can view the world 
without the Capitalist distortion see the evil here.

     In our society, sex is used in a number of ways.  It is used to sell; not 
only is advertising entirely divorced from reality, it is distorted from its 
former use as a means of informing the consumer of a product to a brainwashing 
tool whereby people react emotionally rather than intellectually, and consume 
rather than choose.  The defense of this advertising as "free speech" benefits 
only the ruling class.  Pornography is a similar matter.  Most people, capable 
only of parroting the lines fed them by the ruling class -- "Pornography is 
free speech" -- cannot see reality.  There is no comparison of free speech 
between the ruling class and the ruled class.  The ruling class rules the 
presses, rules the television stations.  They and they only benefit from our 
current economic structure, and by making everything a commodity -- even sex, 
even pornography -- they continue to dehumanize the worker and bleed us of 
power and life.  The worker has no such thing as "free speech", and the ruler 
needs no governmental protection to express his.

                                 Conclusion

     This essay only goes over the Capitalist deformation of humanity in broad 
terms.  As a way of explaining the world, and thereby excusing the excesses of 
Capitalists, this has risen into the dominant worldview.  No lie can survive 
when the people are educated, but right now, at this stage in history, the 
people are not only blind, the people seem to want to stay blind.  Only by 
opening their eyes can the people ever come to be free.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          [World Spirit:]  Should I tell him that the value of  life 
          lies  precisely in this, that it teaches him not  to  want 
          it?  For this supreme initiation life itself must  prepare 
          him.
                                                 Arthur Schopenhauer

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     THE REVOLUTiON iS NOW
     Bobbi Sands

     The Revolution is now.  Now and forever.  The fundamental creed of 
Anarchism, perhaps the only thing that holds together not only all true 
Anarchists, but all lovers of Freedom everywhere, is that the Revolution is a 
constant battle.

     Not everyone uses those terms.  Jefferson spoke on the need for the tree 
of liberty's need to be watered with the blood of tyrants and patriots.  
Trotsky said:  "The conquest of power by the proletariat does not complete the 
revolution, but only opens it."  (And we are not even to that point.)  Here in 
Ireland we have had a tradition of at least one rising a generation.

     The most important thing in any battle is to identify the enemy.  Those 
who work for your objective are not your enemies, and any time you can live in 
coexistence with them, do so.  The enemies of freedom are enough, without 
making the friends of freedom personal enemies.  The enemies of freedom 
understand this, as well, and they push the people into battles against each 
other.  Always look to see who benefits from any ideological split, and any 
time you see a group supported or opposed in the media.

     Who is the enemy?

     The Cold War was expressed, strategically, in two terms:  Containment, 
and Rollback.  Enemies of freedom will never cease to exist.  They can't all 
be put up against the wall.  Neither can patriots, however, and that is why 
the Revolution is permanent.  Neither force can ever win.

     Today, the nation state has taken institutionalized form.  If anyone 
knows a way of rollback from this, I will be more than happy to find out.  It 
seems to me that at this point in time that is not possible.  Even if a state 
is overthrown, the bourgeois ruling class will fill the vacuum with a new 
state.  (What is the UN, if it isn't a way of appointing who is and is not an 
acceptable state, and divvying up the world among those accepted powers?)  The 
only way I can see of pushing back State powers is to divide up those states 
further -- that is, by supporting every nationalist resistance group, every 
separatist movement, anywhere.

     Since rollback is not possible, that leaves containment, and that is 
mostly what I want to talk about.  For someone who supports freedom and 
opposes State power, containment must take the form, at this time, of opposing 
forms of internationalist government, and especially world government.  This 
is in every form -- the United Nations, the European Commonwealth, the World 
Trade Organization, the World Court.  They do not support the people; they 
support the bourgeois nations that dominate them.  When has Britain ever 
followed the World Court, except when it served them?  They have been found 
guilty of killing Irish nationals by the World Court.  What happened to them?  
When has the United States, or its client state Israel, ever followed the 
United Nations's commands?  How many UN resolutions have opposed United 
States's or Israeli action?  Could Indonesia have gotten away with the 
slaughter and occupation in East Timor if the bourgeois nations didn't want 
East Timorese oil?

     It is important for all lovers of freedom to look into groups, and 
support those who oppose world government, opposing those who support world
government.  The media knows that this is the only danger.  "Safe"
alternatives are presented, so that people can think they are making a 
decision, when really it is just between globalist number one or globalist 
number two.  Very few groups or individuals oppose world government, and those 
are always vilified by the media.

     But it is necessary that people not be fooled by the media.  Use the 
media's opposition to groups and individuals as signs they need to be 
investigated.  It is not necessary to agree with them on every point to know 
that they are allies.  Those battles can come after world government has been 
contained.  We can take back our nations; it would be hard to "take back" a 
United Nations, for which not even show elections take place.

     So that, in a nutshell, is what the Revolution is, now.  Opposition to 
globalism.

     One battle at a time.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          Then, in the beginning of Kali-yuga, the Lord [Visnu] will 
          appear as Lord Buddha, the son of Anjana, in the  province 
          of  Gaya, just for the purpose of deluding those  who  are 
          envious of the faithful theist.
                                            Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.24

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     CONFESSiONS OF A MALE FEMiNiST
     Crux Ansata

     I was fortunate.  I was raised in a family that did not deny differences 
between people, but also did not play them up.  I was taught from ground zero 
that people are people, and after that they are Black or White, male or 
female, smart or otherwise.  I saw the differences in people, and because I 
know the differences do not make people better or worse, I can celebrate these 
differences.

     In a way I did not understand at the time, I was raised a feminist.  By 
that I don't mean I thought women were better, or should try to be imitation 
men, or any of the other things that have made "feminist" such a dirty word 
even most girls disown it.  I mean I saw women as people, deserving as much 
respect as male people.  Probably the biggest way I didn't realize I was a 
feminist was that I always thought everyone else felt the same way, at least 
every reasonably intelligent member of my generation.  I didn't see myself as 
a feminist.  I saw myself as fair.  For the most part I thought the women's 
movement had won.

     It was essentially not until high school that I finally realized I was 
wrong.

     I grew up in a kind of ivory tower.  I dealt only with intelligent, 
middle class overachievers in my classes in school, and had few friends even 
in my middle class neighborhood.  I was aware bad things happened, but it was 
with what the French call savoir -- head-knowledge -- not connaitre --
heart-knowledge.  I was not involved with the social lives of the mainstream, 
and didn't want to be.  I was having enough trouble trying to survive high 
school, determine the flaw in Communism, choose between Gnosticism and 
Catholicism, the things that were important to me.  Again, in a way this was 
fortunate, even if reality was a rude, late shock.

     In my tenth grade year, a male friend and I, sitting in debate class, 
were discussing the importance of forming friendships before relationships, 
and about how a relationship cannot thrive if it is based solely on the 
physical.  We listened with what was for me at least genuine shock when an 
otherwise intelligent, middle class girl of such strict Baptist upbringing she 
fled weeping to the storage room when I pulled out my role playing game 
handbooks explained to us about how one only gets to know someone after 
forming a bond based on lust.  She probably couched it in terms like 
"attraction" and would have been shocked herself to hear herself rephrased 
honestly, but that's the way it was.  I don't make a habit out of euphemising 
what disgusts me.

     The girl thought of herself as a feminist, or at least a reasonably 
liberated woman.  And I don't mean one of the "do-me" feminists.  She seemed 
to have reasonable self-esteem.  She simply had failed to grok the entire 
anti-lookist trend in the feminist movement, or to understand that if women -- 
and men -- are to be treated as people, they have to be seen as more than 
objects.  For all her self-righteous rhetoric, she failed to judge by the 
content of a man's character.  I understand now she was a product of her 
society.  I was a product of ideals.  I chose to see what was right, and 
oppose what merely was.

     But still I had hope.  I assumed most girls were not like that, or that 
this was simply bluster, mirroring what guys wanted to hear, for right or 
wrong.

     A more painful awakening came in late high school, when I fell in love.  
I played the game the way I thought it should be played.  I was there to 
listen to her when she was hurt.  I talked to her about her feelings, and 
about her family.  I encouraged her interests in art and music, and tried to 
understand her world.  I tried to avoid complimenting her on superficials, 
like appearance, and was rather disheartened at the emphasis she placed on the 
few times I did comment on them.  I didn't have as much information on 
teenaged girls' psychology back then, or the awareness that women in our 
society are pathologically insecure about their appearance, and I was more 
interested in the person than the packaging.

     I also refused to go to bed with her.  That, although not the only 
factor, was the factor that ended our relationship.  Treating her like a 
person and not a thing, like a human being rather than a sex object torpedoed 
our relationship.

     My subsequent relationships, although I have learned a bit more how to 
bolster a girl's esteem without making appearance the main factor in a 
relationship, have not improved my opinions.  I still feel traumatized that a 
relationship cannot be sustained in this society if a guy wants to respect 
those boundaries and his girlfriend's personhood.  I am unhappy to see women's 
magazines -- fashion magazines, Cosmopolitan, and the like -- scattered around 
the bedroom floors of adolescent girls.  I'm bothered by the emphasis guys put
on girls' appearance, and even more bothered by the emphasis girls do.

     It was more than two decades ago when Anais Nin wrote these words ("In 
Favor of the Sensitive Man," Playgirl, September 1974):

          The  new  type of young man I have  met  is  exceptionally 
          fitted  for  the  new woman, but she is  not  yet  totally 
          appreciative  of his tenderness, his growing proximity  to 
          woman,    his   attitude   of   twinship    rather    than 
          differentiation.

     She appears to have thought this was a temporary problem.  Indeed, later 
in the same essay she says:

          This  loss  [of  the  ability  to  govern  oneself]  is  a 
          transitional one:  It may mean the beginning of a  totally 
          new life and freedom.  The man is there.  He is an  equal.  
          He  treats you like an equal.  In moments  of  uncertainty 
          you can still discuss problems with him you could not have 
          talked  about twenty years ago.  Do not, I say to  today's 
          women,  please  do not mistake sensitivity  for  weakness.  
          This was the mistake which almost doomed our culture.  ... 
          Let   us  start  a  new  regime  of  honesty,  of   trust, 
          abolishment of false roles in our personal  relationships, 
          and it will eventually affect the world's history as  well 
          as women's development.

     Perhaps I live in a cultural backwater.  Perhaps I have been merely 
unlucky.  All I can say is she seems sadly optimistic from my perspective 
twenty-three years later.

     I have a lot of anger towards the young women, my contemporaries.  I know 
that this is not entirely justified.  I have seen some of the trauma that 
girls go through today, have been exposed to the same media.  Nonetheless, I 
feel this rage, and I feel this rage is an acceptable feeling.  One of the 
women's movement's most important advances was giving women back the right to 
feel rage, and it is important men are not denied this same right, so long, of 
course, as the rage is safely and sensitively expressed.

     As a male feminist, I feel my contemporaries have betrayed me.  I feel 
that the new woman was not there to pick up the ball.  It can't be done by 
guys alone, and guys will have no real motivation as long as women put up with 
the same situations as in the past.  The way women allowed the women's 
movement to be coopted, and the emotional advances to go unsolidified -- 
though understandable in the world-historical situation -- still hurts.

     Our society is pathologically anti-girl, and anti-woman.  Much needs to 
be done to raise everyone's consciousness, and especially to clean up the 
media.  I don't have the answers.  Nonetheless, more needs to be done by 
today's girls.  As Nin said, "The man is there."  Twenty-three years later, 
he's still looking for the truly feminist woman.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          [W]ith  the help of a foundation of 6 pianos, 4  harps,  9
          double-basses,  6 each of flutes, oboes, and  trumpets  as
          well  as  60  (!) percussion  instruments  --  some  newly 
          constructed -- it was possible to come up with an entirely 
          new, unusual orchestral sonority.
                                   liner notes for Antigone, by Orff

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     PAGE FROM A DiARY
     Crux Ansata

0012 092497

     About half an hour ago I finished Martian Time-Slip, by Philip K. Dick.  
It was the most terrifying novel by him I have ever read, and I have read 
close to a dozen.  Even with the universe decaying in Ubik, there was not 
nearly the horror of Martian Time-Slip.  The descriptions of schizophrenia and 
mental illness hit too close to home.

     Reading it in school, I think I triggered a minor psychotic episode.  It 
was horrifying.  Low grade hallucinations, such as color intensification; 
confusion; anxiety; etc.  I realized what was happening pretty quick, dropped 
a ginseng, and rode it out, so it didn't get too intense.  I could tell myself 
that the guy in the business suit on the phone, while I could not entirely 
rule out that he was watching me and calling in to my enemies, he probably 
wasn't.  I could tell that when a woman walked by and said, "It's a way of 
control.  Get our hopes up and then dash us.  It's the way they brainwash us.  
It's the way they brainwash us." it was probably coincidence.  I could tell, 
intellectually, it was not that everyone was out to get me, but just that this 
was the way I was temporarily viewing the world.  During the worst episode, in 
1994, it took me some time to regain control.  I had some part of me that 
constantly knew it was in my head, but that part didn't gain control quickly.

     I had myself under control when Jujube came by.  I started to tell her 
about it, but she didn't seem to understand or empathize.  I don't suppose 
most people can.  Afterwards, it flared up again, but fairly minorly.  I found 
myself wandering the third floor of some building, not knowing where I was or 
where I was going, wondering why room 308 looked like somewhere I had never 
been before, until I realized that I had a class in another building.  I 
looked out a window -- down the hall and about twenty yards from me -- and got 
totally depressed about how high up it was, to the point I was almost crying.  
But levels of confusion like that are nothing compared to sitting against the 
wall by the library, shaking all over and staring wide eyed, wondering about 
all the people around me, like during the worst of it.  It sounds like nothing 
when I write it down.  That kind of horror, I guess, can't be expressed.

     The most amusing part, though, was when I got to class.  It was a good 
thing I decided to go to French class today, since it turns out we had an 
exam.  I got very anxious, understandably, but then I started hallucinating 
all these black dots, and they were flying into the center of my vision, like 
when you have oxygen deprivation or are too tired, giving me the weirdest kind 
of tunnel vision and leaving me fascinated with one word at a time, which 
temporarily made it impossible to make sense of anything.  But I nipped that 
in the bud, and at least answered every question.

     Anyway, it was scary.  I got to wondering if the reason I have never had 
a physically satisfying sexual experience, and why M.'s explanations of why 
coitus is more emotionally meaningful than foreplay because it somehow is more 
intimate or draws people together or something, may be because I simply cannot 
empathize like that.  I can empathize with people, but I can't really 
contemplate the bringing together.  That makes no sense.  I'm trying to say 
that I understand a parasitic relationship, and I understand a symbiotic 
relationship, and I understand a master-servant relationship, and all that.  I 
understand a relationship where two persons work for the same power -- be it 
person or ideal.  I don't understand bringing together.  I guess that is what 
makes sex matter, but I don't...  It doesn't mean anything to me.  I don't 
know.

     I wonder if people would tell me that I should be more willing to give up 
control if they knew that it is only my control that stops time from slipping 
and the earth from stopping to exist.  If I lost control, I would be nothing 
more than a weeping, trembling mess, wondering when I was going to literally 
fall apart, on the atomic level.

     I need to get past that.  I'm going to move on.

     The ordeal was so stressful that, when I got home, with a splitting 
headache, disoriented (I had to keep reminding myself I was in a car, or I'd 
have never made it home), and nauseous, I just went to bed.  I have no idea 
how long I slept.  It must have been about two or three hours, I suppose.  I 
woke up and heard cartoons from the living room, with the sun shining in the 
windows.  I woke up terrified, unable to remember where I was, or what day it 
was, or what time it was, or what.  I came out into the living room, and asked 
what day it was, whether I had slept until the next afternoon or something.  I 
wasn't even coherent to myself, but my mother told be it was later in the 
afternoon, and my father had gone to pick Moonlight up, since they were 
letting me rest.

     I had a strange, homoerotic dream, but I feel relieved in one sense, 
because I had heard that if one does not experience nocturnal erections it is 
a serious physical problem, and I had no reason to believe I did.  I have 
never had a nocturnal emission, and generally don't experience erections when 
I wake up, and have never had a coital dream, so I was beginning to think 
there was something wrong there, but I was aware I was erect in my sleep, 
though I can't be sure whether I became aware of this before or after I woke 
up.  In any case, this was the dream:

     I was at the University, at the student union.  It was some kind of 
resort or hotel, though, and had been moved down to around 23rd street or 
Martin Luther King boulevard.  I don't know why I was in the resort.  I was a 
student, and knew I was a student, and that I was not very accepted there.  I 
think I lived in a nearby dorm or something.  It was night, and there was some 
kind of party there, and there I was.  I was incredibly lonely, and somehow 
had befriended this boy.  I get the feeling he was in his mid to late teens, 
and he liked me, too.  I don't think there was ever any sexual activity 
between us, but there was an undercurrent of homoerotic tension I can 
recognize at least in retrospect.  I can't recall if I recognized it then.

     I know his parents didn't like me, though I'm not sure why.  Perhaps it 
was a social class thing, since I get the feeling they were of a significantly
higher socioeconomic class than me, but it could also have been a simply 
social thing, if I, as a student, didn't belong in their resort.  Whatever the 
case, he and I spent some time together.

     I remember looking for someplace to get something to eat.  It was late.  
There was a bar on the corner, which I went to frequently, but I couldn't 
bring my friend there because he was underage.  I kind of remembered a 
convenience store down the street that would be open at that time, but I 
decided to accept my friend's invitation and go back to the resort.  They had 
a kitchen downstairs, and he and I went in there.  We were joined by two 
teenaged girls, who I suppose to have been his sisters.  I think they were 
older than him, so if he was about fifteen they would be about seventeen or 
so.  Perhaps one was his sister and one was her friend.  In any case, they 
were not exceptionally attractive, but they were pleasant looking, and I took 
a fancy to one of them.  I was sexually aroused, and I figured I would push my 
luck, and walked up behind one of them, and put my arms around her waist and 
held her.  As I recall, she said something sarcastic, or something.  She did 
not physically pull away, but she emotionally did, if that makes any sense.  
She did not try to resist, but she made it known she wasn't interested.  I 
don't really remember anything after that.

     I suppose that about covers today.  I might write what I meant to write 
yesterday in a while, but for now I'm going to take a break.

0106 092497

0127 092497

     To me, it is simply irrational to deny that we live in an existence of 
perpetual suffering and pain.  That much is obvious to any but the willfully 
blind.  The horror I try to hide from is that the very body I live in is an 
animate corpse that I watch die day by day.  That is the horror of existence; 
not to simply be imprisoned in a torture chamber of reality, but to know I 
can't even trust my body, and to know that it could rot and die around me, and 
not to know what will happen to me when it is destroyed.  Will I be trapped in 
this world of suffering without any ability to manipulate the world?  That 
would be horrifying to the point of insanity.  Does death bring liberation, 
back to the pleroma, or, if we fail to effect our salvation before our vehicle 
rots, will we be trapped eternally?

     No one would be one of those Buddhists or Hindus that believes that 
reincarnation can be anything other than a more vicious evil than anything to 
come out of any Christian tradition if they were not willfully blind.  This 
horror is the illumination of every path.

0132 092497

0328 092597

     I can't sleep.  I just dropped a ginseng.  (Actually, it is dissolving in 
my mouth now.)  In about fifteen minutes to half an hour, I ought to be 
relaxed enough to sleep, so I guess I'll write until then.

     I'm not addicted, though.  I took one on Tuesday, to get over the 
episode, and now one tonight, to sleep, but it isn't like I'm taking it daily
or anything.  These were just exceptions.  If I start taking it to wake up in 
the morning, and then to go to bed at night, on a daily basis, then I'll start 
to get worried.

     Then again, it took me a while to admit it when I was addicted, if I 
remember right.

     I wonder sometimes if I ought to tell my parents about my ginseng thing.  
I don't really think I should.  They don't need to worry about anything like 
that, and such a conversation would just end up revealing my unstable 
personality.  (Maybe that's what I want.)  I can't even bring myself to talk 
to them about my psychotic episodes.  No one I've talked to really seems to 
understand what's up with them, and people just seem nervous when I bring it 
up.

     Anyway, new subject.  It is a bad sign when you begin spending a lot of 
time talking about drugs, just like one of the first signs of mental illness 
is interest in the disease.

     I finished Martian Time-Slip yesterday.  I think I said that.  Today I 
finished Science, Politics and Gnosticism, which I started in New York, and 
read The Hindu View of Life straight through.  I keep forgetting how many days 
have passed.  I thought I had been reading it for about three days, but I keep 
reminding myself it has been one.  Now, I'm reading The Nameless, a seventies 
horror novel Moonlight recommended to me some time ago.  He recommended it to 
me unsolicited.  He hadn't even just finished it.  He just came up to me one 
day and offered it to me, saying I might like it.  The feeling of the moment 
was very uncommon.  It really felt more like an offering than a loan.  Not a 
gift, an *offering*, and I don't mean he was offering to an idol or a god or 
anything, I just mean that there was something emotional involved, not just 
something rational.  I really didn't know how to deal with it.  I was touched, 
but hesitant to read it, and so it has sat on my shelf for a long time.  I'm 
about fifty pages into it now.

     I have something to say.  I know this is an odd transition, and I usually 
try to make my journal sound chatty.  Even when I've planned it out, I try not 
to let that be seen.  But I don't know how I'm going to work this out, and it 
is something I've been thinking about, and I'm not going to be able to express 
it well, but the powder is coursing through my system and my keyboard feels 
like a musical instrument and Sinead O'Connor is playing in the background and 
I just want to make sure I say it.

     I wish I could make a girl happy.  I wish I could look into a girl's 
smile, and know that it was because of me, that it was for me.  In a way, I 
think all my talk about changing the world, and getting published, and being 
written about, and all that is just so much verbiage.  The only thing that 
really matters in this world is a girl's honest, innocent smile.  I think that 
manifests itself in bed.  To me, there is little sexual about sex.  Those that 
can understand that, do.  Those that don't understand... well, I don't think I 
could explain it in words.  To me, sex should be playful, the lila of Krsna 
and the Gopis, if I understand the Sanskrit properly.  (I never had doubts 
until I read some odd translations in Ramakrishnan, but I don't know that lila 
was one of the words I thought I misunderstood.)  I was watching a video.  I 
think it was Sinead O'Connor's new video.  I think Kenny Rogers was in it.  In 
it, they were in bed.  It had nothing to do with sex, but it was intimate.
Erotic would carry the wrong weight, but I don't know that intimate even 
pretends to say what I am pretending it says.  I did not feel jealous, or 
repulsed.  There was no judgment going on, or analysis, or any real rational 
thought at all.  In an old set of terminology I used to use, it was an 
instance of higher emotion.  I just began to weep.  She was smiling, and it 
seemed a real smile.  I could feel her when he held her, and it felt more... I 
don't know.  More happy, more comfortable, more joyful, than anything else.  I 
don't know.  When I started this paragraph I knew I would gibber away and stop 
making sense, but I had to say it.  It is the truth.  The only thing that 
matters in this world is a girl's smile.  Where did I read it?  Something 
like, "Is the truth any less true because it is temporary?"  That isn't it at 
all, at all.  But it is what I mean.  A girl's smile is temporary, and 
fleeting.  It has two defined endpoints in time, and a defined region in 
space, but it is no less infinitely valuable for all the boundaries.

     God, I've even lost myself!  I have to move on, but to what?

     The girl with the cane was not in class today.  Have I written about her?  
Or was that only in a notebook?  Or only in imagination?  I don't care.  The 
only thing the reader has to know is that she usually dominates my attention 
in class, for no good reason, and that she was not there to do that domination 
today.  I amused myself most of the class period looking for wedding rings.  I 
don't know what got me started on that, and I don't know how to tell if a ring 
is a wedding ring.  I think a wedding ring is worn on the so-called ring 
finger of the right hand, but I could be wrong.  That is where I used to wear 
my rings, but I was never married.  I saw one girl who seemed married, and she 
had a ring on the ring finger of each hand.  Neither of them looked like a 
wedding ring, though.  They both looked too gaudy.  But people have different 
tastes.  There was at least one other girl with a ring that looked much more 
like a wedding ring, but then I got to thinking about how guys and girls 
approach the text of Colette's The Vagabond from differing perspectives 
because guys and girls have differing degrees of engulfment and abandonment 
anxieties.  I took some notes on it.  Maybe I'll transcribe them someday.

     Now, I feel tense in some places -- shoulders and a line right down the 
spine -- but the flesh hanging off those places feels relaxed.  It is a very 
odd feeling.  I think I will have a cigarette and go to bed.

     Oh, by the way, so I don't lose this information:  My anthropology 
teacher told us a piece of information I had pored over the small medical 
library we have, trying to find out.  I wanted to know -- for the all but 
abandoned tragedy -- what causes people suffering from malnutrition sometimes 
to bloat and sometimes to become emaciated.  He said that the bloating is 
caused by water retention due to having a diet of sufficient calories but 
insufficient protein.  I'll have to remember that.

     That professor has an interesting class.  He distorts information, but 
I'm sure it is honestly.  I think he simply does not realize there is data out 
there that is just as valid but contradicts his worldview.  But he also has 
fascinating trivia, and Moonlight and I, even though we both took the same 
course from him, sit there and swap trivia in the evening sometimes.  The 
other day he explained why, if we drive with a pig strapped into the front 
seat of a car, get into an automobile accident, and have an airbag, the pig's 
neck will snap.  It was quite interesting.  (Though I don't plan on ever 
driving a pig anywhere strapped into the front seat, but you never know when
data will come in handy.)

     I suppose, finally, that is enough.  As usual, my day was just classes 
and reading, and the only person I talked to who is not family was Jujube, 
into whom I ran on my way to class, so I really have no justification for 
going on like this, but I felt I needed to talk.  I guess what it comes down 
to is that I didn't talk to anyone, and that is *why* I'm talking to myself.  
Or future generations, or whatever the fuck excuse I give myself to get my 
fingers moving so I don't go totally psycho and carry out that suicide fantasy 
with a real gun this time.

     Damn.  Almost losing it there.  Easy now ansat.

     I used to be able to talk to A.  Sometimes.  Even though we had some 
awful times together, I suspect that for the rest of my life -- and for the 
rest of eternity is eternal life is true -- I will remember her also as being 
the best times of my life.  No one can ever replace or supersede what we had 
together.  Maybe someone could give me experiences that would approach what we 
experienced, or that would be different but equally pleasing, but I could 
never regret my time with A.  I tell people I don't know what happiness is, I 
don't know what makes me happy, crap like that.  E. and I were telling each 
other that just the other day.  It isn't entirely true, though.  Laying in bed 
beside A., just holding her.  Smelling her hair, and the incense she used to 
burn, the peach scent she wore, feeling the slick chill of the white nightgown 
she looked so beautiful in, I just stopped being me, and I think at that point 
I felt what people call happy.  The only other times I remember experiencing 
anything like that is in religious ecstasy.

     Two hideous drawbacks:  I know perfectly well I may never have 
experienced that happiness, and have just invented it in retrospect.  In a way 
that doesn't matter, since I can revisit in memory whatever I believe 
happened, and the facts don't matter.  In another way, it is miserable, 
because I know I can never go back.  The other drawback:  The comedown's a 
bitch.  I remember times in bed with A. when I'd go into convulsions, full 
body convulsions of such violence that she would get scared.  I would cry 
about every time we had sex, laying there.  I would hallucinate sometimes.  I 
had visions of wars in the desert and things like that.  In essence, the whole 
religious ecstasy thing, but it is a lot more horrible than people realize.

     Sometimes I envy the people who have never experienced a high, because 
they never experience the real lows.  They never even realize they live a low.  
Like animals.  Not in real happiness, but blissfully unaware of the pain of 
reality.  Like little lambs.  If there was only less hostility and guile in 
people's eyes, I could almost look at them and see lambs.  But, instead, I 
suppose I see whipped dogs, who haven't learned to trust, not quite knowing 
why they are being beaten, but knowing they don't like it.

     God!  I'm losing myself again.  But everything is so pleasantly real 
right now.  I'm having trouble hitting the right keys.  A couple of times I 
have thought one word and typed something utterly different.  But the colors 
are real, the light is playing so crisply, I suppose that means the ginseng is 
now well into my system, and I am feeling physically happy.

     It's experiences like this that lend credence to my idea that there is no 
such thing as happiness, essentially, and that all people experience is an
animal high, a strictly hormonal phenomenon that they pretend is an emotion.  
But I don't want to dwell on that.  I'd rather believe my previously referred 
to old theory of two types of emotion.  And now I believe I'll go have a 
smoke.

0407 092597

2211 092597

     I had a couple of dreams.  The latest one, I was going to a party at 
Harlequin's house.  I don't remember too much from it now, and I think I had 
to walk through a city -- maybe not New York, but some city -- to his house.  
I remember getting there, and we were sitting smoking, with the lights out and 
the shades drawn, in the semidarkness.  I had to go get something, but that's 
about all I remember.  I wish I could remember the earlier dream.  I did 
remember it, but I didn't write it down.  Maybe I'll remember it in a bit.

2214 092597

2239 092597

     I remember in a recent dream I had a bottle of beer to drink.  The only 
thing I remember was being in my bedroom with the empty bottle, going to throw 
it away, and seeing the trashcan was too full and wondering what to do with 
it.  I'm reasonably certain it was a dream, because I have had nothing to 
drink in some time, and nothing at all at home since the night I went out with 
Moonlight's friends.  I'm not sure the dream is significant, though, as my 
trashcan is indeed overflowing, as usual, and the only concern it may 
represent is that of needing to empty the can.  (This is, incidentally, a real 
problem for me, as it involves remembering what day the trash people come, and 
throwing everything away the night before.  I suppose that would not be a 
concern for most people, but I have trouble with the time thing.)

     I have read that paranoia presupposes megalomania.  I don't know if, on 
this point, there is a distinction between paranoid schizophrenia and paranoia 
as an independent phenomenon.  I have been thinking about that, and I can only 
come up readily with two ways this could not be true.  Or could be not true, 
to be more accurate.  Moonlight suggested that someone would feel people were 
out to get him because he felt worthless, and that was why they were after 
him.  I suggested this was just an inverted form of megalomania, a kind of 
pride at being worthless, while a truly worthless person would be simply 
ignored.  The first way I can think of this would be inaccurate is if the 
people who were out to get the individual were out to get everyone, or most 
everyone.  This would be, I suppose, a general delusion, and perhaps not 
purely paranoia, but it does seem to me to be a counterexample to the 
statement paranoia presupposes megalomania.  I came up last night, though, 
with what I think is a better counterexample.  Every person needs a measure of 
attention.  That is normal.  An individual that did not feel he got enough 
attention, and who was incapable of conceiving of a way people would take 
interest in him without a critical or punishing motive could obviously create 
an entity to pay attention to him in a paranoid fashion.  To me, megalomania 
implies the individual conceives of himself as better or more valuable than 
people in general, and this would not be a case of that at all, but would 
rather be an individual who felt he had as much value as anyone else and 
simply lacked the tools for conceiving of someone who cared about him in any
other way.

     In short, this individual presupposes hostility from people, and is 
incapable of conceiving of love, or at least of being loved.  In this 
conception-poor mindset, he creates what his subconscious thinks it needs -- 
"caring" as attention -- and creates an insanity by failing to generate what 
he really needs -- "caring" as attention motivated by love.

2240 092597

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- POETASTRiE -=]

"The poets?  They stink.  They write badly.  They're idiots you see, because
 the strong people don't write poetry....  They become hitmen for the Mafia.
 The good people do the serious jobs."
                                                             --Charles Bukowski


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     UNNAMED BAD POEM
     Flying Rat's Nostril

     Roses are red,
     Violets are blue,
     I kill children,
     and....my what a lovely daughter you have ma'am.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          Famous remarks are very seldom quoted correctly.
                                                    Simeon Strunsky

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     PROMETHEUS MOURNS
     Nemo est Sanctus

     Prometheus mourns, but does not weep
     As he gazes across the wastes.
     With tears in check, he surveys the deep
     Destruction that man tastes.
     On the peak of man's potential he stands.
     He gazes deep into the chasm,
     Ironically anticlimax beside the grand
     Dreams he had for them.
     A measureless grave, now dark
     For man chose to ignore
     When Prometheus brought the spark.
     Man dubbed him Lucifer.
     Man faltered and fled before the Light
     And, by emotion, was scared to flight.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--


                               [=- FiCTiON -=]


--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     ALL POWER STEMS FROM...
     I Wish My Name Were Nathan

     I was riding my bike home from school today when I glanced over into
someone's garage and saw a man in his teeshirt and boxer shorts fire a gun
at me -- and miss.  

     Immediately I wrenched my brakes and squealed to a stop, jerked the
handlebars to the right, and bore down on that asshole, pedaling right
toward him.  He wouldn't forget his mistake.

     (Let it be noted that this will not knock someone down if he is tall
enough; rather, the pedalist and the pistolist shall soon be face to face
straddling said bicycle.)

     "Hey, asshole!" I screamed, so doing.  "If you're gonna fire a gun at
me, you're gonna HIT ME!  Try again!"

     He merely appeared shocked, bumbling towards apology but failing
foolishly.

     "Look, buddy!  This isn't the kind of shit I want to put up with!
I've got done here reading Henry David Thoreau, asshole; this is the man
who'll show you where to put that gun!  What kind of a man is playing with
a gun in his underwear in the middle of the afternoon except a stupid fuck
like you who has no clue why he's alive at all?  Do you even know why you're
doing this?

     "(Go ahead, buddy, lift that gun again!  I'm waiting for my final
release!)

     "It's a damn shame, the state society's in nowadays.  What even sucks
worse is the fact that it's been this sucky for centuries!  If not one kinda
suckiness, another!  And why?  I think it's shits like you who brandish
weapons!  Small arms, machine guns, cannons, military airplanes, nuclear
bombs -- one story.  Deception, wrath, greed, envy, selfishness, prejudice,
outwardly projected self-disgust -- another!  It all makes me sick!  My nose
is running, you asshole, and all I want is inner peace!

     "For some reason, I thought I should be comfortable in detesting and
fearing the big stinging arms of our out-of-control fat-ass federal
government -- the FBI, CIA, ATF, IRS, and the W.T.F. -- all insane fuckin'
unsupervised masses of bent people out to fuck over their neighbors. 
There's no pretty word for it, buddy, that's what they're out to do -- to
sidestep every law and bill of right we think protects us so they can
forward their wacked-out agenda of death, fear-mongering, war-propagation,
thought-crime, and all-out rudeness!

     "But now, looky here.  Like the local shock-jock media has been
telling me for years, I really DO have to fear the jerks who live up the
street, because they COULD be murderers- and rapists-in-training, only
waiting for the right moment to assert their God-given rights to be complete
fucks!

     "(Why aren't you doing anything with that goddamn penis-extension gun
of yours, you shit?!  Aim it AT MY HEAD and make it DISAPPEAR!)

     "Well, you know what?  I'm sorry for you!  I'm sorry for everyone
living!  Maybe I don't know them personally, but I know that for the most
part they've been raised under the control of cultures and societies and
power structures whose only purpose is to keep themselves going -- no matter
how unjust, silly, unscrupulous, inefficient, or altogether mean they are. 
No government will allow its citizens to deny its right over their lives. 
No economy will train its workers to be wise.  No society will allow
nonconformance to its basic precepts.  Why?  Because then they'd be
committing suicide!  What sort of guillotine would allow its blade to freely
leave, dull its edge, and put itself to the purpose of peace?  What sort of
electric chair would allow its straps to contemplate the beauty of existence
rather than hold some poor fuck down while his muscles tear and his skin
melts?  They'd be worthless, wouldn't they?

     "This is what we are!  We are tools!  We are cogs in a machine!  We
are codependently useless unto ourselves -- self-loathing in fact -- only
useful to external goals and needs, whether it be the circulation of money
or the proliferation of megamonopolistic power structures or the funding of
a government to smudge out the dignity of what nations still have it and
reform them in our own image.

     "And you know what?  I wouldn't mind being a tool.  I wouldn't mind
being a cog in a machine -- if I had been led to believe this would be my
destiny in this self-mutilating world!  Please, stop spreading these lies
about human rights and freedom and dignity, when you only denigrate and
annihilate all of them behind our backs -- and in our faces -- anyway! 
Please, stop bellowing about the rights of the unborn American citizen when
the ones already living, here and abroad, are learning through the harshest
psychological and physical lessons the fact that such rights do not exist. 
Yes!  If we can claim human beings have a right to liberty, equality, and
the pursuit of happiness, and then work as hard as possible to classify,
quantify, and pick away at that liberty, to make equality of misery the only
real success, and to define happiness in such a way as to value finite
material goods over the infinite beauty of Being -- then such rights must
not exist at all!

     "Why the drive to propagate the species when such truths are evident
to anyone who stops for ten seconds to think about them?  Is it that enough
of us simply don't stop to think?  Have we scheduled and commodified our
time and energy to such a degree that self-reflection is no longer
practical?  Please don't tell me that you understand all of this and have
children simply to hope that THIS one won't go wrong....  Have we so given
up the idea of spiritual and psychological survival that we've died unto
ourselves, converting our bodies into factories to toil for their own shoddy
maintenance until they can produce an offspring that might WORK OUT?

     "How many of us have honestly given up?  How many of us no longer
believe in having a meaningful life, something to be happy of having lived
through?  How many of us simply avoid committing suicide for the sole cause
of preventing new suffering, a feeble justification for living through it? 

     "But look!  WE'RE FOOLS.  We've been suckered!  And you know how?  Too
many of us actually believe all that shit matters!  Look:  where are our
chains?  Where are these machines?  They're in our heads, buddy!  Ain't that
hilarious?  All this oppression and strife and injustice -- between our
ears!  Fuckin'-A freakshow we live in, huh?  

     "What about physical pain, you ask?  Ha!  Also in our heads!  The same
thing that defines pain, makes us fear it!  And what about it?  Why do we
fear pain at all?  Because it intimates death?  I'll ask you a metaphysical
question, buddy:  if infinity exists, can any of us really be separate from
it?

     "Pick up that gun, motherfucker, and aim!

     "PICK IT UP!  Yes, that's it, I'm SERIOUS.

     "YES, AT MY HEAD, in my EAR, if you so please.

     "Now, one last thing:

     "SUFFERING IS A CHOICE.  DO WHAT THOU WILT."

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          "Agneta,"  Elms whispered, "did you see that?  Christ  ate 
          Travis.  There's nothing left but his gloves and boots."
                                                      Philip K. Dick

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     PREDATOR
     Howler in the Shadows

     Shiiik!

     "Mary had a little lamb, little lamb..."

     Shiiik!

     "Little lamb, little lamb....."

     Shiiik!

     The man glanced briefly at his reflection in the bathroom mirror, before 
continuing to sing softly.

     "Little lamb, little lamb...."

     Shiiik!

     Once again, he slid the whetstone across the length of the knife blade.

     Shiiik!

     It was a wicked blade.  Custom made, not another one in existence.  The 
blade itself was six inches long, tapering to a double-edged tip, like a 
trappers blade.  Like something used to skin animals.  The back of the blade 
thickened and became ridged, like the saw on a survival knife.  The handle was 
a black plastic "comfort-grip", specially contoured for his fingers.  It was a 
thing of beauty.

     Shiiik!

     The singing had become a tuneless humming, a menagerie of seemingly 
random notes and rhythms.  He glanced at the mirror quickly, somehow assured 
by the reflection looking back at him.  He was a tall, well muscled man, with 
dark brown skin and piercing blue eyes.  The harsh, fluorescent bathroom light 
reflected off of his cleanly shaven head, giving his skin the appearance of 
polished leather.  He sat on a rickety, wooden stool set in front of the 
bathroom sink, clad only in a pair of baggy, white slacks.

     "Ya know..." he said, glancing up at the mirror and then quickly away, as 
if afraid to meet his own blue-eyed stare.

     "Ya know...," he started again, and then faltered.

     Shiiik!

     "I--I once heard that lunatics were geniuses," he looked up at the mirror 
earnestly, as if seeking the reflection's approval.

     The reflection looked down on him, good-natured humor in its eyes,

     "No Larry," it said, "you are indeed many things, but a genius you are 
not."

     "Why not?" he asked disappointed.

     The reflection sighed heavily, it had explained this many times.

     "You're not a genius, because you weren't born a genius."

     "Oh." he said.

     "Don't worry, Larry" it said reassuringly, "you don't need to be a 
genius.  That's why you have me."

     "Oh yeah..." he said unhappily.

     "Larry," It said reproaching. 

     "Don't be upset.  We can't all be geniuses."

     "I wish I was a genius."

     He carefully slid the knife into its sheath, pocketing the whetstone with 
his other hand.  

     The reflection was silent.  He looked up at it and smiled.

     It beamed down on him, its eyes filled with pride.  Larry reached over to 
the towel rack and pulled the yellow, button-up shirt off of it.  He slowly 
put it on, making sure that each plastic button lined up with each hole. 

     "Happy hunting," called the reflection.

     "Thank you," mumbled Larry, clicking off the bathroom light.  

     It was raining outside.  Larry grabbed his over coat and threw it over 
his shoulders.  He liked the rain.  It gave him the opportunity to wear his 
over coat, a dark grey thing, like what a detective would wear in the movies.

     The rain also made hunting more fun.  It was harder.  The game few and 
far between.  He glanced at the clock on the microwave, but it was flashing.

     Twelve.  Twelve.  Twelve.

     He hated clocks.

     He left without locking the door, thieves were welcome to rob him.  There 
was nothing in that apartment that he cared about.  The elevator was out of 
order.  That was just fine with him.  He hated elevators, always had.  Down 
four flights of concrete urine-smelling steps into a dilapidated front lobby.  
Empty.  The decent people were all asleep.  Out the front door and onto the 
streets.  He flipped his collar up like he imagined a police detective would.

     He began to sing softly as he walked, eyes flicking back and forth, 
scanning both sides of the street,

     "London bridge is falling down..."

     "Falling down...."

     "Falling down..."

     There!  The corner.  A glimmer of movement.  He quickened his pace.  The 
rubber soles of his tennis shoes began to squeak on the wet concrete.  He 
slowed, silence was the key.  Larry reached the corner soon enough... empty.  
The street was empty.  Whatever he had seen was gone.  If it had ever existed.

     "Falling down..."

     He was not disappointed.  No.  It was too early.  The chase was half of 
the game.

                                  * * * * *

     The moon was almost setting.  He couldn't see it through the clouds, but
he could feel it.  The rain had slackened off some.  Good.  It had been too 
heavy.  He hadn't seen a soul.  He was humming to himself.  He had reached a 
small park and sat down on one of the benches.  Off to the left three figures 
sat huddled around a small fire they had going in a waste basket.  Larry was 
content to watch.  One of them had to wander off eventually.

     One of the three did indeed stand up, but he didn't just wander off as 
Larry had originally hoped.  Instead, he began to walk over to where Larry sat 
This could be an interesting night indeed.  Larry studied the man as he 
approached.  Young, black, nervous.  His friends had probably put him up to 
this.  Larry's knife was in his hand, hidden in the folds of his over coat.

     "Hey, mister," the man said as he drew near, "you got any spare change?"

     "Hmm." Larry responded standing up.  He proceeded to search the pocket of 
his left side.  His right hand he kept perfectly still.

     "Sorry," he said smiling, "no change today."

     "Then how 'bout your wallet, mother fucker!" the man said, voice 
cracking, as he flipped a knife butterfly knife open.

     Larry smiled.  His adrenalin pumping.  He was higher than any drug had 
ever gotten him.  He wilted back, seeming to be afraid, then cat-quick he 
lunged forward.  His left hand grabbed the man's wrist, while his right 
plunged his knife to its hilt in the man's belly.  Warm, sticky blood rushed 
over his hand.  God, how he'd missed that feeling.  The man cried out and 
tried to stumble back, but Larry held him fast.

     He was grinning now, positively enjoying himself.  He twisted the blade 
and pulled violently to the right, ripping free of the man's abdomen.  The 
faint aroma of bowel reached Larry's nostrils.  He released the man, allowing 
him to stumble back.  He cried out again as his intestines slipped free of 
their cavity and piled onto the grass.

     The man's companions started forward, alerted by the man's cries.  Larry 
was on them in a second.  He leapt at the first man, forcing him down into the 
mud.  The man's cry of surprise turned into one of pain as Larry began to 
wildly slash him.  Instinctively, the man threw his arms up, blocking his 
face.  Larry's first swipe went across the man's hand.  The second landed on 
his face, cutting deeply from his right eye down past his chin.

     Suddenly, the third man was there, grabbing Larry by the shoulders and 
pulling him off of the wounded man.  Larry broke free and swiveled, bringing 
his knife up to a guard position.  His opponent stood a few feet away from 
Larry, pointing something at him.  A gun.  Larry hated guns.  They were no 
fun.  The man glanced at his companion,

     "Jack, you all right?"

     The man didn't answer, he just held his face and screamed.  Larry took 
the opportunity and threw his knife.  It was not balanced, not designed for 
throwing, but it was heavy and Larry's aim was good.  It smacked hard against 
the man's hand, knocking the gun free.

     Larry tackled the man, forcing him face-down into the mud and beating him 
savagely.

     After a few moments the man stopped moving.  Unconscious or dead, Larry 
didn't know and didn't particularly care.  He stood up and cast about for his 
knife.  It was lying in the mud, next to the gun.  He saw his knife, but the 
gun was gone.

     Suddenly, fire exploded in his back.  He dropped to the ground, crying 
out in fear and pain.  The other man, the one with the cut face, he'd found 
the gun.  Once again pain exploded in him, this time in his chest, just to the 
right of his heart.  He fell back against the ground.  Damn his stupidity.  
He'd totally forgotten about the man.  Assumed that he was taken care of.  Now 
he'd been shot.  Badly.  He could feel the blood flowing from his veins.  He 
was going to die, he knew that much.  No one would save him, even if they 
could.  He was going numb, shock he guessed.  It suddenly occurred to him that 
no one was going to pick his knife up out of the mud.  The blade would be 
ruined.  This disturbed him more than the thought of dying.  He tried to 
speak, to beg the man to take his knife, to clean it and care for it, but only 
a gurgling croak would come out.

     'I wish I was a genius' he thought sadly.  If he'd been a genius he 
wouldn't have been shot.  He wouldn't be lying here dying while his knife got 
ruined in the mud.  For the first time in nearly twenty years, Larry cried.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

          I  judged others by these standards; the only  people  who 
          existed  for me were those who, without  cheating,  looked 
          this all-consuming nothingness in the face.
                                                  Simone de Beauvoir

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

     DANCE OF THE HEKURA
     Dark Crystal Sphere Floating Between Two Universes

     "The *hekura* are often found in the hills, or high in trees, often
     suspended there, but they can also live under rocks or even in the
     chest of a human. . . . Some are 'hot' and some are *naiiki* -- meat
     hungry and cannibalistic.  Some are both hot and meat hungry, and
     these are often the ones sent to devour the souls of enemies."
                                         -- Napoleon A. Chagnon, Yanomamo

     Cornelius Omphalos hung over me as I followed his directions for making 
the drug and the heated seeds and white ash combined to form a green powder in 
my mortar.  This lab room allotted me by the University of Texas to complete 
my chemistry graduate research was merely the latest in a series of sites 
which had seen the preparations of such strange concoctions and mind-altering 
brews, going back to the *Club des Haschichins* we had founded in our 
undergraduate days based on Moreau's and Gautier's example.  Each of us sought 
in these forays into drug use our own goals; mine being the insights of 
chemical effects on the brain and its evolution on the material level, while 
Cornelius' belonged to another plane altogether.

     I had known the anthropology student for quite some time, and it was not 
long after our having met in the reading room of the Life Sciences Library 
that we organised the underground *Club,* made up of a small circle of close 
friends willing to experiment and to gamble, meeting in rented rooms and 
secluded spots at odd intervals to try an elaborate assortment of concoctions 
in quasi-religious rituals.  One after another, however, the group was wooed 
away, by lovers or jobs or other aspects of the vulgar world outside the 
spheres Omphalos and I chose to inhabit.  For while I was the scientist 
dedicated to learning at any price for its own sake, Omphalos sought with 
similar dedication a higher ideal, dealings with something outside of our own 
realm of experience, something which perhaps should not have been dealt with 
and which perhaps God and Nature have mercifully shielded us from by 
relegating to us such weak senses.

     Omphalos had that fearlessness brought on by wonder and that far-reaching 
yet blind vision held by all mystics and revolutionaries, and a fire burned in 
the Greek's dark eyes as he no doubt contemplated what I would never have then 
imagined.  For he had seen the ebene, the hallucinogenic snuff now forming 
before us, used so often by the shamans of the South American Yanomamo; he had 
watched the shamans as they switched between their own roles and of those of 
the hekura, spirits called down from the hills and the forests and even the 
farthest reaches of the universe to dwell in their chests and to work strange 
deeds.  Returning from his fieldwork he carried with him a walking stick made 
of wood of the ama tree which was soon reduced to ash necessary for the 
experiment and a tube of the skinned seeds of the hisiomo tree, traded from a 
Yanomamo looking for the advantages a new shotgun would bestow upon him in 
this often warlike society and brought through customs with the aid of a few 
dollars and the kind officials.  I wish I could erase that day soon after his 
return when he showed up at my residence holding the cane and his battered 
leather bag containing the tube of seeds and told me of his experiences, and 
of the refusal of the Yanomamo shamans to grant his most urgent wish, that he 
be inducted into their mysteries and learn to deal with the hekura.  Had he 
paid heed to their warnings he would have realised that his quest could not 
end happily.

     As the Sun shone on the University's cyclopean Tower from the Western sky 
and unwitting students went about the petty dramas of their lives unsuspecting 
of that which lies beyond, we hurtled down the back roads of the Texas Hill 
Country towards our preselected site, oak rising thick on either side of the 
road thinning out onto juniper-studded limestone hills and growing beside 
winding rivulets which had been devouring the rock for countless ages, 
proceeding from sources unknown to unknown destinations eating valleys and 
hidden grottoes from the white rock.  I realise in retrospect that during this 
journey Omphalos was steeling himself for trials whose appearance he knew 
waited only for the blast of that snuff.  For he had sat among these men and 
heard their stories and while he had not seen the entities these men culled 
into their bodies, he had seen them carry out that drama known only to the 
shaman, he had seen them slip between worlds and watched their actions with 
spirits.  This was what Cornelius had searched for for so long among so many 
cultures, the doorway to the unknown which had been the quest of the Greek's 
life, and he was willing to make the sacrifices necessary to secure this 
prize.

     The Sun shone down upon bare limestone patches in the sparse grass as I 
turned my dirty grey Oldsmobile onto the rocky dirt road winding up to the
hilltop clearing along the last leg of our journey in the Westlake hills.  We 
rolled to a stop in the rocky clearing and clambered out of the car, noting 
briefly the commanding view of the bare hilltop, one among several in the 
area, fringed lower down with juniper trees giving way to dry creek beds at 
its base.  A flock of grackles hopped about eating things squirming in the 
sparse grass and watched us with curious yellow eyes as we prepared for our 
saturnalia, their squawking and cackling filling the afternoon air as the Sun 
shone upon us just as it has upon so many of the deeds of men, good or ill, 
standing silent watch over Earth's affairs.  I quickly dressed in the flowing 
priest-like robes we had designed for our *Club* in those days so long past, 
in the Western Ceremonial style the group had favoured, but Cornelius had 
spent his days of late in other climes, and my robes clashed with his South 
American dress and painted body, looking so much like those grainy pictures of 
Yanomamo Omphalos had shown me as we discussed the dancing hekura.  While I 
dressed as I felt appropriate, Omphalos dressed as guest of the hekura, for 
the hekura demand beauty of their hosts, a beauty known to the Yanomamo in the 
pigments and feathers of the jungle.

     The Sun hung not far above the Western horizon when we finally squatted 
down facing each other, the scientist and the mystic, with Omphalos' old 
leather bag lying between us.  Reverently I opened the bag and removed the 
snuff tube which the Yanomamo call the mokohiro along with the pouch of ebene 
and placed some of the snuff into the nose piece of the instrument.  Placing 
the nose piece to Omphalos' nostril, I blew the greenish powder through the 
pipe first slowly and finally ending with a sharp blast.  Omphalos fell back 
in pain, coughing and hacking, with mucous dripping from his nostril, but 
quickly regained himself and prepared for a second blast, which was met with a 
similar reaction.  However, Omphalos had the determination of one heading 
towards a tantalisingly close goal, and he once again regained himself and I 
reluctantly received a blast of the greenish powder myself.  Falling back 
gasping and coughing, my eyes watering and mucous dipping in long strands from 
my nose I refused a second blast and lay on the ground awaiting the painful 
drug's effects.

     Slowly recovering from the first pains of the drug, tears flowing from my 
eyes, I soon heard Omphalos' high clear voice crooning a strange and ancient 
melody, softly at first but gradually crescendoing to ear-splitting volumes, 
but always maintaining the beauty and wonder of the song.  This was the song 
of summoning which Omphalos had told me of so often, the calling out to those 
glowing creatures to come and join the realm of men, to join us in the fields 
men know.  Mucous dripping down his face and chest, dropping in patches and 
forming green crusts on the white limestone, Omphalos reeled about singing 
this song as I watched in both amusement and with a twinge of fear, for he had 
the bearing of a true fanatic for this religion he had never even really 
known, and he had made the transition into that man whose acquaintance I had 
made but a few times before high on drugs in those meetings of our *Club,* who 
would push his corporal frame past the point where it should have broken.

     My eyes still watering and my nose running profusely I lay watching him 
reel about me and snorting small handfuls of the drug, no longer even 
bothering with the mokohiro, oblivious to the black winged birds screaming and 
hopping about in reply to his strange song when, opposite the setting Sun, 
strange tiny lights began to appear in the Eastern sky.  Sitting upright I 
watched with curiosity as the dancing lights arose from the hills and trees 
and from high in the encroaching darkness, twirling along their trails and
whirling about in the air as they approached our hilltop.  As they drew closer 
panic began to creep over me, for no longer could I deny that they were taking 
on the shapes so often described to me by Omphalos as we laid out our plans 
and read the scattering of articles on the ebene available in English, for 
here were approaching the tiny forms of glowing creatures, tiny men and women, 
each less than two inches tall, some carrying soul-piercing weapons and 
wearing palm-frond visors as if in preparation of attack on an enemy.  Like 
tiny ballet dancers they gamboled about, spiraling towards us, as they each 
danced along their paths to us and congregated around Omphalos, spinning in 
the air to the time of his song, now reaching a fever pitch.  Finally, with 
Omphalos' gestures of invitation, the hekura, many with weapons in hand, began 
to march along glowing trails to his feet and enter his body, making the 
invisible course to his chest.  It was then that Omphalos stopped his singing 
and his face made odd contortions of fear and of pain, and I noticed with the 
hekura's advances in my direction that both Omphalos and I were screaming.

     The police found me running through the woods, blood trailing from dozens 
of wounds where thorns and branches had torn at my face and hands as I ran 
blindly long after the effects of my panic had overcome the ebene and I ceased 
to even remember what I was running from.  Fortunately men are quick to make 
up their own explanations for what they do not understand, so my ravings with 
what little coherency they had fell upon deaf ears and closed minds.  When I 
finally recovered enough to lead them to the spot in the woods where Omphalos 
lay, the Greek was near death, and he did not live long after the trip to the 
hospital.  But to this day Omphalos' words when we found him lying in that 
clearing still haunt me, and as I make even the shortest sortie outdoors I 
look about and fear what may come dancing unseen along its path to the realms 
of men, what has been so mercifully cloaked from our feeble senses, for as he 
lay there all he could say, over and over, was how he could feel them chewing.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--

State of unBeing is copyrighted (c) 1997 by Crux Ansata and Apocalypse Culture 
Publications, "The Revolution Is Now" Faction.  All rights are reserved to 
cover, format, editorials, and all incidental material.  All individual items 
are copyrighted (c) 1997 by the individual author, unless otherwise stated.  
This file may be disseminated without restriction for nonprofit purposes so 
long as it is preserved complete and unmodified.  Quotes and ideas not already 
in the public domain may be freely used so long as due recognition is 
provided.  State of unBeing is available at the following places:

                    CYBERVERSE   512.255.5728  14.4
                  TEENAGE RiOt   418.833.4213  14.4 NUP: COSMIC_JOKE
             THAT STUPID PLACE   215.985.0462  14.4
             ftp to www.io.com   /pub/SoB
                World Wide Web   http://www.io.com/~hagbard/sob.html

Submissions may also be sent to Crux Ansata at <CruxAnsata@hotmail.com>.  The 
SoB distribution list may be joined by sending email to the same address.

--SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB-SoB--
