


                                  -USAlliance-

                                    Presents

                      Where in Europe is Carmen Sandiego?

                             Docs By: Codex Warrior



Quick Start

After loading up WECS, press any key to start the game.

o Sign in as prompted by the security scanner. When the Chief contacts you, make
sure to note the thief's sex and your deadline for solving the case.

o Use up/down arrow, cursor keys, Spacebar or Joystick to highlight menu items.
Use left/right arrow, cursor keys or joystick to cycle through options within
menu items.

[INVESTIGATE]

o Select Investigate to uncover clues that let you track the suspect to his or
her next destination.

o To decipher the clues, use the Rand McNally Concise atlas of Europe, the Crime
Lab Database, the detective guide, and the on-screen descriptions of each city
and country.

[GO TO AIRPORT]

Select Go To Airport to check the available connections to other cities and to
catch a flight to the suspect's possible destination.

[USE NOTEBOOK]

Select Enter Notebook to record information from the Chief's periodic messages
regarding the suspect's sex, hair and eye color, favorite type of movie and
favorite type of book. This information will later be needed by the Crime Lab
computer in order to get an arrest warrant.

[VISIT CRIME LAB]

o Select Enter Crime Notes when you want to enter information contained in the
Notebook into the Crime Lab computer in order to get a warrant.

o Select Use Database to access a Database containing information about each
country's flag colors, currency, and main languages. This information will help
you decipher clues which involve these elements.

o Select Return to Scene when you're finished at the Crime Lab. Select Save Case
if you want to take a break in your investigation and resume it at another time
.

[TO WIN GAME]

You need to track the thief to his or her final destination AND have the correct
arrest warrant issued by the crime lab computer. You must accomplish both tasks
within your given deadline.



Special Keys

Ctrl-L   Displays the names and ranks on the Detective Roster
Ctrl-D   Lets you delete a name from the Detective Roster
Ctrl-R   Ends the game and starts a new one
Ctrl-F   Lets you view the Detective Hall of Fame
CTRL-S   Sound On/Off
O-Apple  Speeds up text at sign in




Playing the Game

[SIGNING IN]

You begin the game outside the office of the Acme Detective Agency. An
electronic security device will detect your presence and ask you to sign in.
Type your name when the flashing cursor appears and then press RETURN.

[YOUR ASSIGNMENT]

Once you've signed-in, expect a call from the chief about your assignment.
You'll be told:

o  what treasure has been stolen
o  where the crime occurred
o  whether the criminal is male or female
o  what your deadline is for arresting the criminal

[OBJECT OF THE GAME]

The thief is heading for a hideout in one of 34 European countries. There are 1
6 possible suspects for the crime. To win the game and advance your career, you
must accomplish two tasks before your deadline:

1. Track the criminal's movements across Europe to his or her final destination.
You'll have to use the clues you find in each city to determine where the
criminal is going next.

2. Identify the criminal and get a warrant for his or her arrest. You'll get
clues to the criminal's identity in messages from the Chief that appear
periodically on the screen.

Warrants are issued by the Crime Lab computer based on the information contained
in the Note-book. Therefore, as you receive clues to the criminal's identity ,
be sure to log them in the Notebook.

* You must obtain a warrant for the guilty criminal before you catch up with him
or her. Otherwise, the criminal will escape and you may want to reconsider your
career as a detective.



Tools of the Trade



[THE MAIN MENU]

The main menu provides the following options to aid you in apprehending the
criminal:

o Investigate
o Use Notebook
o Visit Crime Lab
o Go to Airport

Each of these menu options is outlined below:

-Investigate-

Investigate lets you uncover clues in the city you're currently visiting. You
may find two kinds of clues: Destination Clues and Character Clues.

The Investigation Menu lists ways to get clues leading to the villain's next
destination. You can choose to:

o Question Witness
o Search Scene
o Call Tipster

The clues you uncover will give you information about the country where the
criminal is headed next. If you need more information, you can make a different
selection from the Investigate Menu.

-How to Decipher Clues-

You have several resources that can help you unravel the clues you find:

o On-screen "Snapshot" illustrating a highlight of each city or country.

o Rand McNally Concise Atlas of Europe with its maps, gazetteer, index, etc.
included with the program (*Check your glove compartment for this one, folks..
If not, any atlas should work..*)

o Crime Lab's Database which contains information about the flag colors,
currency and main language of all the European countries.

-Use Notebook-

Messages from your chief will occasionally appear on the screen telling you some
thing personal about the criminal you are seeking. These messages are referred
to as Character Clues.

Use Notebook lets you keep a record of the character clues you have found. Your
notebook lets you keep track of the suspect's sex, hair color, eye color, and
favorite type of movie and book.

To record information in the Notebook, do the following:

1. Use the up and down arrow keys to highlight a characteristic.

2. Use the left and right arrow keys to cycle through all the possible choices
for each characteristic until you reach the one you want.

3. If you don't know a characteristic, leave the space blank.

* The information contained in the notebook will be needed by the crime lab
computer in order to issue a warrant, so keep your Notebook up-to-date.

Selecting Use Notebook will not cost you any playing time so use the Notebook as
often as you like.

When you have finished entering all the information you know about a suspect,
press RETURN or a Joystick button to Close Notebook. If you wish to close
notebook without saving your changes, press ESCape.

-Go To Airport-

Go to Airport lets you get out of town when you think you know the criminals
next destination. You can also go to the airport to check your connections and
help narrow down your search.

After selecting Go to Airport, you're given two menu options:

o Depart by Plane
o Return to Town

A window will also appear listing all the city destinations that are currently
available from your location. If you are just checking your connections, you'll
want to select Return to Town to continue your investigation.

If you select depart by Plane, a map of Europe will appear with a small square
marking your current location of the city whose name is highlighted in the
destinations window.

By using up/down arrow keys, you may now highlight any of the available
destinations and then select it by pressing RETURN or the lower numbered
joystick button
.

-Visit Crime Lab-

When you want to obtain an arrest warrant for your suspect, you must visit the
Crime Lab and enter your crime notes. The Crime Lab also has a special Database
of information that can help you unravel the location of clues you encounter as
you chase the criminal. Lastly, the Crime Lab has a special feature for saving
your case to disk
.

After selecting Visit Crime Lab from the main menu, you will be given four
options as outlined below:

Enter Crime Notes
-----------------

Selecting Enter Crime Notes will automatically feed the crime lab computer all
the information contained in the notebook. If the Notebook contains sufficient
information about a suspect's identity, an arrest warrant will be issued for
that suspect. otherwise, the computer may give you a list of possible culprits
without being able to narrow the suspects down to one individual. You will then
have to go back to chasing the suspect and supplying more information to your
notebook.

Note: If you modify or add to your crime notes and then re-enter them into the
crime lab computer, any existing warrant may be voided even if no new warrant is
issued.

Use Database
------------
Selecting use database allows you to access a special database of information
regarding the countries of Europe, the colors of their flags, their currency and
the primary language spoken there. In conjunction with your Rand Mcnally Concise
Atlas of Europe (*Or whatever the hell you are using*), this database is a great
resource for unravelling the Destination Clues you've discovered in your
investigations.

For example, if you know the criminal is heading for a country where French is
spoken and francs are spent, select Use Database to see if the Crime Lab
Computer can identify the country you seek.

The database contains three search categories which are: Flag colors,
Currencies, and Languages. Use the up/down arrow keys to highlight the desired
category.
Use the left and right arrow keys to cycle through the choices contained in each
category until you find the one you want.

Fill in as many categories as you can based on the clues you've discovered.

When you are finished, press RETURN or a joystick button. The Crime Lab computer
will then search through its Database and try to identify the country that
matches the search criteria.

The information you provided may not be sufficient to identify the destination
country, but the computer may still be of help by narrowing down your choices.
You may then use other resources to find the criminal's next stop.

Return to Scene
---------------
Selecting Return to Scene lets you leave the Crime Lab and go back to the city
you left so that you can get on with the case.

Save Case
---------
Selecting Save Case allows you to save the case-in-progress onto disk. After
selecting Save Case, simply follow the on-screen prompts. You can have only one
case saved under any particular name.

To continue a saved case, start WECS as usual. After you sign in, the computer
will recognize that you have saved a case under your sign-in name and will ask
you if you want to continue working on that case. Type Y and press RETURN.

If you do not want to continue your saved case, type N and press RETURN. *Your
saved case will then be ERASED from the disk.


Tips from the Chief

Work quickly. Keep track of the time and date on your screen. Remember you have
a deadline to meet. Don't waste time using the Crime Lab's computer too often,
investigating for too long at any location or flying to a city unless you're
sure it's the one to which the suspect has fled. Each wrong or unnecessary move
will cost you precious hours.

You know you're on the right track when you see a suspicious person or
occurrence on your screen.

Beware of deadly missiles - they mean you're closing in on your suspect's
hideout. If you know you are ready to nab the criminal and you still don't have
a warrant, you may want to skip town fast. Go back to the previous city and try
to find some Character clues, get your warrant and then trail the villain again.

A clever detective sometimes goes to the airport to check the plane connections
available. It takes an hour of your time, but you'll learn the villain's
possible destination and perhaps narrow down your search.

[DECIPHERING CLUES]

The key to your success in tracking Carmen and her gang is to decipher the clues
you find accurately and efficiently. Remember that you may be able to decipher
clues with information from any one of four sources:

1. On-Screen descriptions of each city and country

2. Crime Lab Database

3. Detective Guide

4. Rand Mcnally concise Atlas of Europe (* Need I say it? *)


[INVESTIGATION HINTS]

Here are some hints you may want to follow as you investigate:

o Read the on-screen descriptions of each city and country to gain information
that will help you in future cases. (Some energetic detectives may even want to
take notes.)

o Check the Detective guide (* Comes with the game guys..*) for information on
the "snapshot" shown for each location. You might even find the solution to a
clue (* Well, I might..*).

o Remember that the Crime Lab Database contains information on each country's
flag colors, main languages, and currency.

o You'll find it easier to locate the information you need for you investigation
if you become familiar with your Rand McNally Concise Atlas of Europe (*!@#$%^&
!*). The atlas has a number of sections in which to find information. Make sure
you check:

- The special section on how to use the atlas

- The maps and any accompanying index, pay special attention to the varied types
of maps

- The fact chart

- The maps and info contained in the gazetteer.

Clues have been taken from ALL these sections.

(* It also notes that other Atlases can be helpful...*)

-END-

