
          Disk Labeller Pro
             Version 1.0
           by Dave Touvell
                   
          Documentation File
             June 2, 1987
                   
    GEnie Mail address: D.TOUVELL
 
    Apple Orchard BBS: (919) 764-3834 
    Leave E-Mail for Dave Touvell
 
This is a public domain program.  You
may give copies of it away, and are
encouraged to do so. 

Disk Labeller Pro runs on any Apple II
capable of running ProDOS 8, with
at least one disk drive, lowercase
capability, and a dot matrix printer
that will print Condensed Superscipt
(17 CPI, 1/2 height) characters.

This program will read a ProDOS disk
catalog, then print a label consisting
of the Volume name, Number of Free
Blocks, and the Name, Type, and Size
of up to 42 files in the volume
directory. You can let Disk Labeller
Pro print all of the files on the
disk, or you can choose to be shown
the catalog entry for each file, and
asked whether you wish to include it
on the label.  Several printers are
supported, and may be selected from
the Select Printer Menu.  The program
may be configured for printers capable
of printing compressed superscript
text that are not listed through the
Custom Printer option.  The labels
used are standard 4 by 1-7/16 inch
mailing labels.  Other label sizes are
not supported at this time.

Disk Labeller Pro is menu driven for
ease of use. The menu selection
pointer may be moved with the
Left/Right arrow keys, the Up/Down
arrow keys, or by pressing the number
key corresponding to the item you wish
to choose.  When the pointer is on the
option that you wish to choose, press
the RETURN key. At most places in the
program where you are asked to press a
key to continue, or at any menu, you
can return to the previous menu by
pressing the ESC key.

When the program is run for the first
time, you will be at the Configuration
Menu.

Move the menu pointer to the first
option, Select Drive, and press the
RETURN key. You will then be asked for
the number of the disk drive in which
the disks to be labelled will be.
Press 1 or 2, or press RETURN if you
want to leave it as the number
displayed. You will then be returned
to the Configuration Menu.

Choose the next option, Set Printer
Slot, and enter the slot number (1
through 7) that your printer is in, or
Press return for no change from the
slot displayed. You will again be at
the Configuration Menu.

The next option is Printer Interface
Setup. Choose this option and the
current interface setup string will be
displayed in its decimal ASCII form.
When the program is run for the first
time this string will be "009 054 053
078". this is the decimal ASCII
representation of "<Ctrl-I>65N", the
string needed by the Apple Parallel
interface card. Press RETURN to leave
it as it is, or enter a new setup
string in the same form that will set
the interface card to allow a 65
character line. The leading zeroes are
not neccesary, but each value should
be seperated by a space. After you
enter this string you will again be at
the Configuration Menu.

Next, select the Choose Printer
option, and you will see the Choose
Printer Menu. If your printer type is
listed in this menu, just move the
pointer to that line and press RETURN.
The correct values for your printer
will be installed and you will still
be at the Select Printer Menu. You may
then either press the ESC key, or move
the pointer to the Return To Main Menu
option to return to the Main Menu.

If your printer is not listed here,
and is capable of Condensed
Superscript print mode (17 characters
per inch, half height), you can
configure Disk Labeller Pro for it by
choosing the Custom Printer option.
you will then be asked for the printer
command codes needed to implement
various print functions.  Consult
your printer manual for the codes
needed to implement each function,
then enter each set of codes as a
series of DECIMAL numbers; one decimal
number per ASCII character in the
command set. Seperate each number by
a space. For example, to set
Superscript mode on an Epson RX-80 
printer the code set is:"<ESC>S0".
This would be entered as: 27 83 48.
(The Decimal ASCII code for ESC is 27,
for S is 83, and for 0 is 48.)  If
Disk Labeller Pro has been configured
before, the current values of each
code will be shown. You may press
RETURN alone to keep the values shown.
Each function, with the exception of
Expanded Mode (Double Width) On and
Off, must have a value. If no value is
entered, a space ("032") will be
substituted, but the program will not
print properly. When you are done, you
will be asked to press RETURN if the
values are corect, or to press ESC to
re-enter the values if you made a 
mistake. If you press RETURN you will
be returned to the Select Printer
Menu. Select the Return to
Configuration Menu option (or press
ESC).

You are now finished with
Configuration. Select the Return to
Main Menu option or press ESC. The
disk drive will come on as Disk
Labeller Pro saves the configuration
in a VAR file named "SETUP", and you
will be at the Main Menu.

You are now ready to label disks.
Select Label Disks from the Main Menu,
and you will be shown the Label Disks
Menu.  Here you have the option of
having all of the files in the disk
catalog on the printed, or being shown
the entry for each file and asked
whether or not to include it on the
printed label.

If you choose to print all the files,
you will be prompted to put the disk
to be labelled into the drive that
you designated during configuration
and press a key. The volume name and
number of files on the disk will be
displayed. If there are more than 42
files on the disk you will be returned
to the Label Disks menu and prompted
to use the Select Files option.
Otherwise, you will be prompted to
ready the printer any press a key.  At
this point you can press the ESC key
to return to the Label Disks menu, or
make sure the printer is ready and
press any key except ESC to print the
label.

If you choose the Select Files to
Print option you will be shown the
catalog entry for each file and asked
if this file is to be included on the
label. You can press Y for yes, or N
for no; or you may press ESC to abort
and return to the Label Disks Menu, or
press RETURN to stop selecting files
and print the label. The Volume name
and the number of files selected so
far are shown above the file entry.
When all files have been displayed you
will be prompted to ready the printer
and press a key, as above.

After the label has been printed you
will be returned to the Label Disks
menu.  You may then label another disk
or return to the Main menu.

The third option on the Main menu is
See Documentation. It displays this
file to the screen. Make sure that the
file DLP.DOC is available in the same
prefix as the program was run from, or
you will get an error. After the
screen is full, you will be prompted
to press any key for the next
screenful, or you may press the ESC
key to return to the Main Menu.

If you select the Quit to BASIC option
from the main Menu, you will be asked
to verify that you wish to do this. If
you answer Y then you will be in
BASIC. N will return you to the Main
Menu.

This is the first version of this
program, and it has only been tested
with the Epson RX-80 printer and a
parallel interface.  If you have any
problems, suggestions, or comments,
leave E-Mail to me at one of the
following places:

GEnie, GE-mail address D.TOUVELL

Apple Orchard BBS  (Winston-Salem, NC)
(919) 764-3834, address Dave Touvell

I am particularly interested in hearing
of any problems with other printers,
and of the printer codes needed to make
other printers work, so that I can
include more ready-made printer setups
in the next version. 

I would also like to thank all of the
people who answered my plea for
printer command codes a while back.
Since these were used in the program
untested, I'd like to hear whether or
not they work properly.

 
