                               LongPlay v2.0.1

                                Copyright 1991
                                      by
                                 David Huang


================= 
What is LongPlay?  
=================
    LongPlay is a program that plays digitized sound files. However,
what makes this program different from the rest is its ability to play
sound files of any size, even if they are larger than available RAM.

===================
How to use LongPlay
===================
    LongPlay can be run from any GS/OS program launcher (Note:
LongPlay requires System Software 5.0.2 or later). When the LongPlay
icons are installed, it can also be run by double clicking on a .SND
file from the Finder.

    After LongPlay has been launched, you will be presented with three
menus: Apple, File, and Edit.

    The Apple menu contains "About LongPlay" and any New Desk
Accessories you may have installed. "About LongPlay" gives general
information on LongPlay.

    The File menu contains the items Open..., Close, Edit file
attributes, Compress sound file..., Expand sound file..., and Quit.
Open allows you to select a sound file to play. Normally, it will only
show files with type BIN, but if you hold down the Option key while
selecting it, all files will be available for selection. In addition
to the list of files, there are two radio buttons and a editline type
box. If the radio button labelled "Use default" is selected, the sound
will be played at the speed stored in the auxtype of the file if it is
a raw binary file. If the file is in the Applied Engineering sound
format, the sound will be played at the speed stored in the file.
However, if "Enter own speed" is selected, the sound will be played at
the speed that is typed into the editline box. If the file is a Sonic
Blaster stereo file, you will be asked which channel you want to play.
After a file has been selected, the sound will be played. To stop the
sound before it is finished playing, hold down the Open-Apple key and
press "." (period). Since the sound is loaded from the disk while it
is being played, you should not remove the disk from the drive. Also,
the sound will not be played properly if the sound is being played
faster than the drive can read it. The same problem will occur if the
file contains any $00 bytes (normally, a GS sound file shouldn't have
$00s in it).

    The Close item in the File menu is used only to close any NDA
windows that may be open.

    The Edit file attributes item can be used to change the filetype,
auxtype, or access bits of any file. Normally, invisible files will
not be displayed, but they can be displayed by holding down the Option
key while selecting the menu item. After a file has been selected, you
are allowed to enter a new filetype or auxtype, or toggle the access
bits. Filetypes may be entered by their three letter mnemonic or as a
"$" followed by a two digit hexadecimal filetype. Auxtypes must be
entered in hexadecimal. Clicking in the check boxes will toggle the
access bit. However, the "Needs Backup" bit cannot be changed with
this program, clicking on it will not change its state. Clicking the
"OK" button will save the changes to the disk. Clicking "Cancel" will
cancel the operation and the file will not be modified.

    Compress sound file allows you to compress a sound file so it
takes less disk space. Note that LongPlay can't play compressed sound
files, they must be expanded first. After selecting the compress menu
item, you well be presented with a dialog box asking what format you
want to store the compressed file as. Selecting the "Same as original"
button will cause LongPlay to store the compressed file in the format
equivalent to the original file. I.e. if the file was originally a raw
binary file, it would be stored as a type $CD ACE file. If the file
was orignally an AE file, it would be stored as a compressed AE file.
The other two buttons are more or less self-explanatory. Another set
of buttons let you select the compression ratio. 8:4 compresses a file
to half its original size, while 8:3 compresses a file to 3/8ths its
original size. The drawback to the higher compression ratio is that
files usually come out with a little more static than with the 8:4
compression. After clicking OK, pick the file you want to compress,
then type in the name that you wish to store the compressed file as.
LongPlay will then proceed to compress the file. If it can't find the
correct volume, it will prompt you to insert the disk.  At this point,
you may either cancel the operation or insert the disk and continue.
However, for some strange reason, clicking Cancel once usually doesn't
work. Be persistent... click Cancel again and the box should go away.

    The Expand sound file item lets you expand a compressed sound file
so it can be played by LongPlay. Again, you will be presented with a
dialog box asking in which format you want to store the expanded file.
Again, "Same as original" stores the expanded file in the original's
equivalent.  A $CD ACE file will be converted to a raw binary file,
while a compressed AE file will be expanded into an uncompressed AE
file. After clicking OK, select the file you want to expand and type
the name that you want to store the expanded file as. After this,
things are about the same as the compress sound file option.

    Of course, selecting the Quit item exits the program.

    The items in the Edit menu are not used by LongPlay. They are
provided so they may be used by NDAs.

Note about the icon file: you need to use an icon editor to set the
pathname of LongPlay for double clicking on a .Snd file to work.

This program is ShareWare. Please distribute it as widely as possible.
Although this program is publicly distributable, the author retains
all copyrights to it.

If you like it, please send $5 to:

    Dave Huang
    3501 Lake Austin Blvd., Lot #64
    Austin, TX 78703

If you have any questions, comments, or bug reports, please send them
via electronic mail to one of these addresses:

    America Online: DrWho29
    Internet: daveh@ccwf.cc.utexas.edu
    UUCP: ...!ut-emx!ccwf.cc.utexas.edu!daveh

Special thanks to Drew Benson and Andy Kress for beta testing and info
on Applied Engineering format files. Cool LongPlay icons by Andy Kress.
Pitiful LongPlay small icons by me :-)

================
Revision History
================

Version 2.0.1 (20 Mar 91)

Made "Needs Backup" checkbox dimmed.

Version 2.0 (19 Mar 91)

Added support for Sonic Blaster files, ACE compression and expansion, option
to enter the playback speed, and the Edit file attributes item. Also included
icon file and support for double clicking on a sound file.

Version 1.0 (5 Feb 91??)

Initial release.
