 _____________________________________________________________________________
|                                                                             |
|  MouseLINK Version 2.0 fx                      Released:  January 7, 1988   |
|_____________________________________________________________________________|
|                                                                             |
|      Ever since the Release of AppleLINK, people have wanted On_Line mouse  |
|  control in the *>Private<* BBS world.  Well it's here now, and it's hip,   |
|  it's rad, and it's now.  This file contains a small explaination of how    |
|  to use MouseLINK on your own BBS, and where to see it in action.  We       |
|  believe this will revolutionize the Apple BBSing world.                    |
|_____________________________________________________________________________|
|                                                                             |
|  For On_Line Mouse Control Call these Terrific Systems:                     |
|                                                                             |
|      Off The Wall //gs     (319)354-7959  12-9600  bauds   Mercenary & Hack |
|      Gold Mine GS          (213)277-8292  24-9600  bauds   Vindicator & Cy  |
|      Pandemonium GS        (416)273-7619  24-9600  bauds   Apple Clone      |
|      DJ's BBS              (303)789-0500  03-9600  bauds   Mad Dave         |
|      X.A. Systems          (815)756-9567  24-9600  bauds   Dr. Ditto        |
|                                                                             |
|____________________________________________________________CA Designs_______|

: This file and the Mouse.da Written By:  Joe Hack :

        This version of the MouseLINK.da should be included on a copy of
ProTERM 2.1, it's been designed so all you have to do is run mouse.system, and
if everything else is left the same, it will auto-start ProTERM 2.1.

        You can access this DA thru the control panel just like any other DA,
and you can adjust the mouse sensitivy, and whether or not the da is on or off
from the main menu.. It should be self-explainatory.

-------------
 Known Flaws
-------------

        Naturally if you have the Mouse.da activated and you goto a program
that uses the mouse, there's going to be some fighting over control of the
mouse, I suggest you turn off the DA whenever you goto a mouse controled
program, since the da, will keep reinitializing the mouse if it detects that
another program has modified the mouse clamps.
        If you hold the Control Key down when you click the mouse button it
will create undesired results.  The same thing goes for the shift key, and
CAPS-Lock, it's very important that caps lock is up, when you are using the da.
Besides that, CAPS went out with the Timex Sinclair, so I don't think it will
be any big deal.
        One other thing, ProTERM has a hard time handling interrupts if you go
into the Control Panel, this will sometimes cause a freeze, you merely have to
hit reset, to get back into ProTERM. (*** Exception to the Rule, if ProTERM is
initializing the modem, don't ever just hit Reset, in that case you must Reboot
the machine.)

--------------------
 MouseLINK Features
--------------------

        These commands are Additions to PS Emulation, all the commands in normal Proterm Special work at the same time as the addtions.

        I.  You can view SHR files On_Line.

       II.  The Mouse Cursor is Defineable.

      III.  The Border Color of the Boarder is Defineable.

       IV.  The Fore/Back ground colors are Defineable.

        V.  There's a new detect, so you know the Mouse.da is there.

       VI.  There's a special, box that will appear in the foreground.

      VII.  There's a special way to clear the foreground.

     VIII.  You can ask the DA, "Where the hell is that damn Mouse?"

       IX.  There's a couple Easter Eggs.

        X.  The Top and Bottom of the Text Screen are now Defineable.

       XI.  You may define a scrolling box, top/bottom, left, and right.

----------------------
 Technical Infomation
----------------------

        All commands follow a generic protocol, you send certain ctrl-codes to
the da, by printing them, and Vuala it does what it's supposed to most of the
time.  All commands are preceded by a Ctrl-C (Chr$(3)) followed by the command
issued, followed by any parameters the command might have.  Here is a general
list of items.

Set Border Color:   Ctrl-B+chr$(x).  x being defined as a value of (0-15) which
                  is the color you want to set the boarder too.

Set Fore/Back Text Color:  Ctrl-F+chr$((x*16)+y).  X defined as a value (0-15)                    to be the color of the Text, and y being a value (0-15) for
                  the color of the background.

Detect MouseLINK:  Ctrl-E.  This will return two 3's.  Asc 33's it will
                  literally return two chr$("3") equivalents.

Set Top/Bottom of Text Box:  Ctrl-T+chr$(top)+chr$(bottom).  The top and bottom
                  are values from 0 to 23, the default top is 1, and the
                  default bottom is 23, when the status bar is turned on.

Change Mouse Cursor:  Ctrl-C+chr$("A").  Example, if this statement is used the
                  cursor will be an open apple, since it auto-matically makes
                  it a mousetext char, if you send a normal character.  B is
                  the normal pointer, and C is the hour glass.

Popout Box:  Ctrl-K+chr$(y)+<string>.  Ok, y is a value 0-23 where the box will
                  be placed vertically.  The String, is a string up to 70
                  characters, terminated by a chr$(13) [Cr].  The string will
                  then be printed centered inside the box at the vertical
                  position.  The great thing about it is, it doesn't have any
                  destructive effect on the text currently on the screen.

Erase Foreground Printing:  Ctrl-H.  This will erase the Popout box.

Define Top/Bottom of Special window:  Ctrl-I+chr$(top)+chr$(bottom).  See set
                  top/bottom of text window.

Define Left/Right of Special windo:  Ctrl-J+chr$(left)+chr$(right).  Left and
                  right are any value between 0-79.

Scrl Up:  Ctrl-Z.  Scrolls special window up one line.

Scrl Down:  Ctrl-V.  Scrolls special window down one line.

Where is the Cursor?:  Ctrl-W.  Forces the mouse button to be artificially                   pushed.

Set Mouse Mode: Ctrl-M+chr$(x).  x is defined to be a value from 1-3.  Mode 1
                  is the default, and when the mouse button is pushed, a ctrl-^
                  chr$(30) is sent out, followed by the X and Y position of the
                  mouse cursor on the screen.  This is standard Datamedia/
                  ProTERM Special Coordinate system, and if you don't know
                  about it that's too bad.  When mode 2 is set, the mouse
                  cursor is no longer shown, instead, when the user moves the
                  mouse up, it's just like he/she hit up arrow, same for
                  the other directions.  The button will return a chr$(13) in
                  this case.  Mode 3, is identical to mode one in all but one
                  respect, it sends a chr$(2) instead of a chr$(30).

SHR Receive:  Ctrl-D + packed data.  It's all very techinical.

------------
 Acos Notes
------------

        A use command has been included in this package, it's called shrsend.
All you have to do is  use "shrsend","x:<path>" x being the drive specifier, and the <path> being the name it's incredibly easy to install in supertac 5.33 or above.  Here's the actual code in my Stac, that lets the use merely "View"
the C0, or $c1 pictures, just like "viewing" a text file, accept you choose
a picture.  (Note: On $c0 format, if the pic is bigger length wise than the
normal 320 or 640 mode is set up, it's unviewable)



         This subroutine needs to be added

shrview
 print \\"Please wait..for our SLOW hd, to load the pic... then the transfer"
 print "will be cached from Ram."\
 use "c:shrsend",i$
 return

        then under the view label, just like below
view
 if not(flag(23)) print "You may not view files":return
 print "View Files..."
 c=4:d=176:e=26:bz=0:gosub fsel

 if (th$="$C0") or (th$="$C1") goto shrview
 ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^  this is the line I added

 if left$(f$,2)="V." print "File may be sent, but not viewed":return
 print \sn$\
 goto show


-----------
 End Notes
-----------

        Well, that's about it from me.  I'd like to thank Ron Mercer, without
him there wouldn't be a shrsend use command.  If you need to know anything
else, you can contact me at Off The Wall //gs  319/354-7959.

Thanks for your patience with this endeavor, and from now on, the only thing
that will need updated is the da, possibly some use files for SysOps, it's all
yet to be seen.

-- Joe Hack


