____________________________________________________________

                  ]]]]   PROARC V1.0   [[[[
____________________________________________________________

The PROdos ARChival Utility for 5.25 floppy disks and Files.

Programmed by The Freebooter                         5/29/87

         Software Encryption Analysts of South Texas

Description:

  PROARC is a Prodos based utility designed to provide the
user the ability to "archive" his 5.25 disks to a Prodos
file in a compressed format. A secondary function gives the
user the ability to read an input Prodos file and generate
a cooresponding compressed output file. When archiving disk
data, the resultant output file will be of the following
format:
       Filetype = $F7   Filename format = XXXX.DSK

When archiving a file, the resultant output file will be of
the following format:

       Filetype = $F8   Filename format = XXXX.ARC

This output filename (XXXX) may contain up to 11 characters,
not counting the 4 character filename extension (.DSK/.ARC).
The extension may be entered manually by the user or the
program will automatically append the proper extension for
him.

These resultant files can then be placed on a mass-storage
device for archival purposes or uploaded to your favorite
BBS for disk/files transfers. The degree of compression
realized from archiving a disk or file will vary according
to the source data. In case of disk archival, the output
disk file can be minimized if the source disk is not too
fragmented. Fragmentation results from repeated file
deletions and allocations. The user can "defragment" a
normal DOS 3.3 or PRODOS disk by copying all the files off
to a freshly formatted disk. The resulting defragmented disk
is then archived by PROARC to achieve minimal output file
size. Certain file types will realize significant file size
reductions when archiving them, especially text files. In
any case, any file size reductions will affect transfer
times in BBS uploads/downloads.

The user can then "de-archive" these resultant files back to
their original forms. When converting a DISK file back to a
floppy, a low-level format is automatically performed on the
output disk. In the case of an archived file, the original
file's attributes are internally saved so the unarchived
file will be identical to the original file.

Minimum system:

 Any Apple II series computer with at least 64k and one 5.25
floppy drive.

Some other features:

 If a Prodos compatible clock is detected in the system the
time is displayed in 12-hour format at the menus.

 If no clock is availiable the ability to set the system
DATE is provided so the user can at least date stamp his
output files.

 Basic.system is protected by PROARC, therefore all normal
Prodos commands are availiable to the user within PROARC.

 Floppy drives MUST be running out of Slot 6. Drive 1 or 2
may be selected for DISK archival/unarchival.

 All file accesses follow the normal Prodos file hierarchy.

 At the menu screens, CONTROL-A will toggle upper/lower case
screen output.

 Program exits through Prodos's normal Quit code.
____________________________________________________________

 Please distribute this program as freely and fluently as
possible. Let's campaign for widespread Prodos-based BBS's.

                           Thank's,
                                     The Freebooter

      Software Encryption Analysts of South Texas
