

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                        Marijuana & Political Science
                                The Connection
                        -----------------------------

It is now 10:47pm on the west coast. My name is The Jackal. I am currently
stoned right now, after smoking some hella-fi Northern California 
Sensimilla
Now the topic we will discuss tonight boys in girls, is a little story 
about
A college student (Perhaps somebody like me) who has a political science
class, but he has a few hours before his class. so he has to figure out 
what
he's gonna do for a couple of hours.

It is 2:46pm PST and "This Guy" is waiting for his english teacher to 
finish
up his lecture, so he can get out and figure out what he's gonna do. "You
may go," said the English Professor. "This Guy" walks out of the class and
sees his budy "Hey You" This Guy" calls over to "Hey You" and Hey You walks
over to This Guy and say's "Hey man, you doin' anything right now?" This 
Guy
responds by saying "Nah man you got anything in mind?" and Hey You responds
"Hell ya man, you wanna go over to the baseball diamond and smoke this
smokalicious dopalicious bud?" "Sure man.," responds This Guy.

Sitting on the pitcher's mound of the baseball diamond, Hey You opens up
his knapsack and pulls out a very sophisticated smoke inhalation device,
with a gasmask type apparatus attached. Hey You reaches into another
pocket and pulls out a dime bag of some good lookin' bud. He then begins
the process of inserting the Marijuana into the Output device of the smoke
device. He gives the device to his buddy and says ""Go ahead man you can
spark it up first." Taking his cue from his buddy, This Guy pulls a lighter
out of his pocket and blazes up the Bud, taking up a couple of tokes of the
bong/pipe This Guy inhales very deeply, taking the essence of what it good
in the world into his lungs. He then breathes in a little air and takes one
more hit, and passes it to his buddy.

Exhaling loudly This Guy asks Hey You "Hey man this is good quality shit 
you
got here." Hey You responds with a "Thanks man. I got this stuff from my 
top
supplier, he usually gives me some good ganja." "Cool Man" says This Guy 
"Hey
don't you have a Political Science class soon." This Guy responds with a
"I sure do bra, but it's cool cause I get through his class easy when I'm
stoned." "oh yeah bra, how's that?" "Well," This Guy responds "when your in
a Political Science class, you find that the concepts are sometimes 
difficult
to comprehend." "Oh Yeah" said Hey You, "Yeah sure is man" say This Guy
"You see when studying Political Science, your overall understanding of the
material, is determined by your ability to understand the psyche of the
person who achieved some feat in the birth of our great country."
"Wow man, that is totally far out bro," said Hey You with great admiration
at his friend. "I mean you totally understand the concepts of history is
not about events or dates, it's about people," said Hey You.

"Hey man you know what time it is?" "whhaaat man," replied Hey You. "Do you
know what time it is," repeated This Guy. "Oh it's 6:15 pm man," replied
Hey You. "Wow man, we must've fallen asleep, I gotta go man I can't be late
for my class." "Okay man," replied Hey Your, "Catchya later bra." This guy
starts running for his class and disappears around a corner. "Catchya later
bra, " whispers Hey You to himself. Hey you sits up and still finds himself
in the baseball diamond, I guess the home team is at an away game thinks
Hey You. He looks down to find his pipe laying on the ground. He picks it 
up
and examines it. Hmm it looks okay sparking his lighter he is just about to
toke up when he finds his bowl is empty. Hmmmm thought Hey You, he reaches
into his knapsack and retrieves his dime bag. He fills the bowl with the 
magic
secret Mary Jane, and is just about to spark up again. When all of a sudden
he hears footsteps. Coming over the horizon, he sees his friend walking
towards him. "Hey bra I though you had a class right now," inquires Hey You
"Yeah I know, but I decided that with the knowledge I gained about 
Political
Science in todays session, I found I did not want to share my knowledge 
with
the class. I felt I should keep it to myself," replies This Guy "Okay man,"
replies Hey You. "Yo bra, you wanna toke up this bowl?" inquires Hey You
"Sure Man," replies Hey You


  I hope you enjoyed, because I enjoyed writing.

                                                 The Jackal


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail majordomo@attrition.org with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= WWW    ***  http://www.attrition.org/fuck                               =
=             http://aomt.netmegs.com/fuck                                =
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.DTO.NET/pub/zines/fuck                                  =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
