=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                             First Impressions
                             -----------------

"Hi. I'm Shy, how you doin'?"

or

"Hi. I'm Shy, nice meeting you"

That's what we usually say whenever we meet someone. I usually use option #2,
since saying "nice meeting you" is one heck of a fucking lie. As if it was
nice to meet a complete stranger. Well, it could be different if you've
heard of that person before, but still, id rather use #1. Anyway, after
the usual greeting would come a handshake (for men) or a kiss on the cheek
(for women, but i'm not sure if that's so common in the US.. hrm..)

Oh yea, and while this is happening i'd be sporting a very fashionable
hypocritical grin we all just love to hate. Must be a "Generation fuck you"
thing.

After those very first words, i bet you'd already have an opinion of me,
in other words, you'd think I'm kinda nice or you think I'm an asshole, its
as easy as that. And i better have some kinda nice clothes on or you'd
think I'm so kind of lowlife or something like that. Prejudices, just gotta
love 'em.

But you know what? i do the very same thing. Whoever the hell said that
the first 3 or 5 minutes of the first conversation are the most important
was right. Not sure if that's a good thing or not, but at least he/she was
right.

I have noticed that there's people i like right from the start, and people
that when i first meet them i think they are assholes (let's not forget I'm
coming from the "people are assholes" point of view), and usually 5 minutes
later i confirm the fact that they _are_ complete assholes, but hey,
there's few people that redeem themselves and are actually fun to hang with
even though you thought they were assholes. Only problem is that they are
few and far between.

Also, there is the "i fuckin hate him/her" people, all of us have met one
of them. Hell, you don't need to meet them, it's one of those things that
whenever you see him you go 'what an asshole' you dont need to know them,
and you've never heard a positive or bad comment of them, and they've never
done anything to you or anyone you know; but there's something inside you
that tells you they are assholes. I dunno how to explain it, but that
happens. I think it's something like mutual stupidity (F.U.C.K. file #217)
it just happens.

I don't try to get influenced by the looks, either. You know, clothes and
whatever, because I've noticed that there's some sort of underground trend
among assholes to dress nicely. Of course, that doesn't mean that nice people
always wear rags, either.

I know, i know.. "you shouldn't judge people" and blah, blah. And hey, its
not like i do it all the time, but lets face it, people will label you, and
they are going to judge you by your looks or whatever and think you're a
dork, but they ain't telling you that, they are gonna be your friends. You
just gotta be a hypocrite in the 90's, haven't you figured that out yet?

By now you must be thinking that i have no friends or some kinda crap
like that; sorry to burst your bubble, but i do have friends which i trust
and i hang out with. Besides that, i usually get along with everybody,
since I'm not much of a troublemaker. And hey, i can be a hypocrite just
like everyone else when is needed.

And i dunno about you, but just by reading f.u.c.k. files I'm pretty sure
i'd get along with most, if not all, of the other writers/contributors;
then again, that can be the feeling among everyone that has ever written
a file.

So, after reading this file. Do you like me? 


-shyguy
2/7/98

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail jericho@dimensional.com with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.SEKURITY.ORG/pub/zines/fucked.up.college.kids           =
=             FTP.GIGA.OR.AT/pub/hackers/zines/FUCK                       =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
= WWW         http://www.dimensional.com/~jericho                         =
=             http://www.reps.net/~krypt/fuck.html                        =
=             http://www.simunye.com/fuck                                 =
=             http://www.dis.org/se7en/fuck                               =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

