=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

        Why I Won't Be Writing For F.U.C.K. Anymore
        -------------------------------------------

Because I hate every one of you. If you're happy, then I hate you because
you're happy. If  you're depressed, then I hate you because you're too
fucking weak to get over it. If you're angry, then I hate you because you
have nothing better to expend your energy on than being angry.  Fuck
that...I hate you just for having enough energy to be angry. If you hate
something, or someone in particular, then I hate you because you're petty.
If you hate everything in general, then I still hate you for not being able
to find anything good in anything.

I want to die right now, but I can't. I want to kill myself, but it's not
possible - because until someone proves otherwise, I'm going to stick to
the belief that I'm immortal. I'm not going to waste my time trying to put
a bullet in my head because I know it's pointless. Might as well try to set
the wind on fire.

I want to kill someone right now...not someone in particular...several
people....all people...every single one of you motherfuckers should do me a
favor and ingest a couple bottles of pain killers washed down with a bottle
of wine. Don't do it for me, though. Do it for yourself. You'll be better off.

You say I'm inhuman? Fuck you, I don't need your compliments. I am
inhuman...I've evolved so far above humanity that you'll never understand
how truly inferior you are. Your minds are incapable of understanding the
basic facts of life, let alone the universal truths. Do you realize how
much space you waste? In the grand scheme of the universe, perhaps you're
nothing more than a speck of dust...that's a hell of a lot more than you
deserve.

These might seem like the crazed ramblings of a manic-depressive to you,
but that's simply because you're too stupid to read between the lines. It
was always meant to be like this. The pain and suffering was planned from
day one. Could I change the course of destiny? Of course. But why bother? I
like seeing you fuckers squirm.

I want to set fire to the Eiffel Tower. I want a piece of watermelon bubble
gum. I wonder why they stopped making OJ cereal. I want someone to have a
heart attack while pissing on my grave. I want sit on the "other side" and
laugh as all the Christians realize how stupid they were to believe in god.
I want a kiss before dying. I want to stop writing this stupid file now.


-InVerse
Free Kevin...Fuck Jesus 
If either of these offend you, go to hell.

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail jericho@dimensional.com with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.SEKURITY.ORG/pub/zines/fucked.up.college.kids           =
=             FTP.DTO.NET /pub/zines/fuck                                 =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
= WWW         http://www.dimensional.com/~jericho                         =
=             http://www.reps.net/~krypt/fuck.html                        =
=             http://www.simunye.com/fuck                                 =
=             http://www.dis.org/se7en/fuck                               =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
