
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                           High Standards
                           --------------

We (the family) are going to get rid of some of our chairs. They are
comfortable, and I'm sitting in one as I write this. Why? 'Cause it's a
little torn on the seat, and looks slightly dirty. I tried telling my mom
that they are perfectly good chairs. Here's the reason she gave me: 

"In society, there are some... understood standards. When people come in,
in nice clothing, they look at the chairs and they can't tell whether they
are clean or not." 

First off, I don't care to associate with people who don't like me because
of the way my furniture looks. They don't like it - they can buy me new
furniture. But, my parents aren't like that. And I understand, that to
have "nice" company, you have to have a good looking house. The problem
is, today, nice is associated with snob. To me at least.

Second of all, some people can't even affords chairs. They have to save up
money for food. Sometimes they don't have enough money even for that.
Sometimes they go for days without food. And we're gonna throw away
perfectly comfortable chairs. Why not donate it to Goodwill? Mom says they
won't accept it. I think she means that they are too crappy. Excuse me?
Goodwill should be one of the last to be picky. I've seen old toys in
there, they are just one piece of plastic. The rest of the pieces are
probably in the other shelf, or in a dumpster or in a closet somewhere.
And they won't take our chairs. Well, fuck them. 

Humans are so wasteful, especially those who can afford to be. I remember,
Isaac Asimov (a great writer, one of my favorites) wrote a story. I forget
the title, but in it, people got rid of things. A dishwasher they had for
two months was thrown out. TV's were constantly being replaced. To speed
up the process of throwing away cars, bumps were installed in the road,
that forced people to accelerate in the right lanes up to the necessary
speed. Resources were being wasted like there was no tomorrow. If I were
born in that world, I'd go out, collect all the stuff, polish it and sell
it. People would throw it back out again, I'd get it, etc. I'd be a
millionaire. I'd be thought of as a freak and weirdo, but that's nothing
new. 

Next time, before you toss something in the trash can, think: can it be
recycled? Can it be sold, or donated to someone who needs it even though I
don't? Can it be reused for something in my own household? You can make
safety goggles out of 2 liter bottles. Cans can be recycled. Furniture and
clothing can be given to goodwill, or the family down the street. If you
think hard enough, you'll find something to do with it, other than lie at
the dump, waiting to dissolve among other waste. 

Think about it.


Canine

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail jericho@dimensional.com with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.SEKURITY.ORG/pub/zines/fucked.up.college.kids           =
=             FTP.DTO.NET /pub/zines/fuck                                 =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
= WWW         http://www.sekurity.org/~fuck     (temp down)               =
=             http://www.dimensional.com/~jericho                         =
=             http://www.reps.net/~krypt/fuck.html                        =
=             http://www.simunye.com/fuck                                 =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=



