

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                                Random Thoughts
				---------------


	Hmmm well just a quick but somewhat amusing/scary/interesting thought that 
just came to light recently. I've thought this before but it was just its 
reoccurance due to a specific situation that made me think about writing on 
it. To put it in a nutshell I've noticed that we humans need other humans to 
keep us safe from ourselves... To clarify: Those people that seems to spend 
an extended period of time self absorbed in deep introspection usually are 
far less carefree than those others that are constantly 'distracted' via 
social interaction. The slightly humorous part, its almost as if we need 
social interaction to keep ourselves safe from our own mind. I realize that 
I'm generalizing things slightly when I say this, but nonetheless mental 
instability is something inflicted upon us by ourselves, deep introspection, 
totally self absorption in our own world created by our own mind. Of course 
chemical imbalances or environmental circumstances all play a role in the 
cause of mental sickness, however mental sickness' battlefield is carried 
out in what is the essence of our individuality, our thoughts. Nothing 
ground breaking in this, just more of a general observation and its irony.

	It almost seems as if our mind is not the controlling mechanism of our 
existence, its almost as if this mass that we call the brain is an entity on 
its own and not our human defining entity. Almost as if it has its own 
agenda, our conscious thoughts occupy a small portion, something really 
insignificant and with minimal control. Reason I say this is as follows. As 
we all know, soldiers can become shell shocked after seeing all that 
destruction, death and other sickening actions, which the mind deals with by 
a variety of means. However, all these means are not something that we can 
consciously define, or say that we consciously trained ourselves to follow. 
All of these defense mechanisms were the result of subconscious changes, 
almost as if there is that other part of our brain that controls us, that 
does anything necessary to sustain its own existance. Reason I say its own 
existence is because invariably these changes alienate use as humans from 
the rest of society... which obviously isn't something that any sane 
individual would want. Selfish little thing isn't it?

	So I guess all those 'shallow' individuals that are so carefree 
are the ones who are the most sane? I don't know, it might be true. One 
thing that all deep thinkers like to believe is that in someway we are 
'deeper', we have more substance, our personality is defined more by our 
actions rather than our appearance. I can't argue with that, but is that 
really something to pursue? If I had a choice I can't say that I would 
really want to be in the present situation that I am. I think that I would
prefer to be one of the carefree and shallow.. after all what's the point of 
living if the only memories one will have is of those lonesome days and 
nights with oneself and one's thoughts. The quality of one's life is defined 
largely by the memories, material wealth plays a very small part in the 
grand scheme of happiness. Memorable moments rarely if every center around 
moments of seclusion, not to say one can't only have memories of seclusion. 
The urge to criticize 'shallow' individuals is rooted a jealousy most of the 
Time. I say this because I'm aware of myself being guilty of this. I think I 
could have so much to say, some much to discuss with people.. however I also 
lack the ability to  communicate on the level of the 'shallow', to make 
inane conversation. Once again this is not a criticism of the 'shallow' 
people, just a description of what our present society considers of that 
sort of conversation.

	In the end maybe we should all force ourselves to get out, to mix with as 
many people as possible. Don't just get drawn towards those people like 
oneself, its good to know people similar to oneself, but what's the point of 
mulling over the same stuff again and again. I for one am tired of always 
talking about the way things are, and the way to resolve them... I think all 
people of reasonably mental stability are aware of how to resolve their 
situation, they just do not have the desire to do it... or fear it too much.

	Inner^Kry - 15/May/99


=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail majordomo@attrition.org with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= WWW    ***  http://www.attrition.org/fuck                               =
=             http://aomt.netmegs.com/fuck                                =
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.DTO.NET/pub/zines/fuck                                  =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
