
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                               The Silent Rant
                               ---------------
                   (a Tangent to Temporary Autonomous Zone)

 There are three basic responses to a text like Temporary Autonomous Zone :

1) change yourself,
2) change your environment, or
3) do nothing and go mad.

 This is not one of them.  This is the tangent of the silent rant, and it
is a selfish rant.  The silent rant walks the halls each day and borrows
my resources (processor time?) when I'm not looking, and it has decided
that the time is right to speak its silent mind.

 Hello, I am the silent rant, but you can call me.  Not like you can talk
to me anyway, you materialistic fiends!  The data is forthcoming.

 Each of us is an individual.  Each of you roams the halls of the modern
gulag daily like myself, but there is something that separates you from
everyone else.  What is it then?  It is a gleam in your eyes that says
(despite your fervent attempts to hide it), "I am not defined by my actions
or the things associated with me, but by my own mind."  The answer to that
(you didn't know it was a question, did you?) is "CHAOS!"

 CHAOS never died; it has just been sitting dormant for a long time,
waiting for someone like me to pick it up and throw it at the world like a
cream pie.  The Temporary Autonomous Zone (TAZ) is a system of anarchy like
no other, for it makes no attempt at permanence.  It is the now, and it is
freedom, and whatever else you want to call it (I'm as tired of profundity
and symbolism as the next rant).  You are each a TAZ, an island in the
framework of our dys-functional society.  The advantage of the impermanent
nature of the TAZ is that it is difficult to spot - difficult, but not
impossible!  You see, the TAZ is not one location, but a network of
possible locations.  Much like quantum theory, in fact.

 The data is in place - what can you do with it?  First of all, you could
TALK to each other and stop PRETENDING that you're the only intellect in
this corner of the universe.  We come to school to LEARN, do we not?  So
why are most of us not progressing beyond a spoon-fed diet of useless
data?  There's no CHALLENGE, of course - I challenge you to seek them out,
but that will be the only challenge that will come to you if you do not
seek more out.  Standardized tests and data re-interpretations stand for
NOTHING.  They are as empty as the ideas you cling to in your futile
attempts at explaining the world.  FACE IT, THE WORLD CAN'T BE EXPLAINED.
Some of you are so afraid of showing your true selves that you will never
experience the joy of actually KNOWING other people.  YOU WILL MAKE
MISTAKES, and YOU WILL BE HURT.  So what?  What doesn't kill you makes you
stronger!

 What can I do about it?  Nothing outside of myself.  I can't tell you
what to do, and I wouldn't want to.  You are all much too unique to insult
like that.  I ask that you not give up on the world and the existence of
others like yourself, and at least attempt the challenge of true
communication as I have.  Who knows, I might even respect you!

Send comments/counter-rants/condemnations/propaganda/all the rest of life's
poetry in motion/etc. to :


nowhere@webzone.net
-The Gentleman Who Fell

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail majordomo@attrition.org with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.DTO.NET /pub/zines/fuck                                 =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
= WWW         http://www.attrition.org/~fuck                              =
=             http://aomt.netmegs.com/fuck                                =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=


