=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=   F.U.C.K. - Fucked Up College Kids - Born Jan. 24th, 1993 - F.U.C.K.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=

                  Inkblotting the Hoochies
                  ------------------------

I always hate seeing skinny little "hoochies" prancing around in short
skirts and low-cut tops. It must be wonderful to have a size three waist
and a flawless body. I don't have any idea what that's like.

The ideal girl never wears the same outfit twice and owns at least 40
pairs of shoes comprising of a pair of Nikes, sandals, and other footwear
which looks like something the Spice Girls would own. Her wardrobe is made
up of clothes made by brand name designers such as Tommy Hilfiger, Ralph
Lauren, and Calvin Klein. Her favorite stores would include Wet Seal,
Contempo, Dillards, and any other place that sells the clothes of her
favorite designers. She'll pay any price for a pair of stylish jeans (which
range from $30-$50). She spends about two hours trying to find something to
wear to school. The tighter the shirt, the better. Push-up bras help draw
more attention to the chest by adding more cleavage. I suppose a girl likes
it when a guy isn't looking at her face when she talks but rather her
boobs. Her hairstylist is from France and her nails cost at least $20 to
create. She'll accept nothing but gold jewelry, which consists of rings and
charms, of which she wears on her gold necklace. She spends more time in
the mall than at her own home. Somehow she actually manages to use her cash
for things besides clothes. Her CD collection has a wide variety of rap,
R&B, and Hip-Hop.

The only weight she ever gains is from the five pounds of make-up, which
she applies to her face to cover up her "imperfections." One zit is
definitely cause for missing a day of school. She must feel so horrible
about it that she makes herself sick. It must be so embarrassing for her
crush to see her with a tiny red dot in the middle of her forehead.

Becoming a cheerleader is just another good excuse for wearing an illegal
length skirt and showing off her skinny, tan legs. Every respectable guy in
school has her phone and beeper number. She thinks her life is over when
she's single for more than one day. Virginity? Ha! She wants to have sex
with every cute guy she sees and couldn't care less about what he's really
like. Her idea of true love is if the guy is completely gorgeous, wears
expensive clothes like her, has a $30,000 car, and happens to make
two-second eye contact with her as he walks by, swinging the keys to his
Dodge Viper. They must be meant for each other.

Her social group has a population of fifty or more and stand around
giggling and talking about guys they saw at the mall. The perfect dress for
a school dance costs about as much as a wedding gown and the chauffeur
might as well be driving around newlyweds. When her date arrives at the
door, she makes sure she's upstairs just so he can watch her as she
gracefully makes her way down the staircase. When the couple arrive at the
dance, she tries to make every other guy there jealous.

Her grades average out to a C, and copies most of her homework assignments
off of some geek who would do anything for the attention of a beautiful
girl. She really knows how to manipulate the guys. In class, she sits and
writes love notes to her boyfriend and blows bubbles with her gum to stay
awake. Her handwriting is just as bubbly as her annoying personality. She
dots her i's with circles and her n's look more like giant rounded mountain
tops.

Her purse contains the latest issue of Seventeen (but she only looks at the
pictures because of her low reading skills), a cute little address book
which she bought at Claire's Accessories, enough money to buy another
outfit (in case she spills Coke on the one she's wearing), and her
emergency make-up supply. Her most embarrassing moment was when some jerk
at school accidentally squirted ketchup on her brand new $60 cotton
chemise. She never spoke to the guy again. That must have been the worst
day of her life. Although, the day when she was rejected by a guy for the
first (possibly only) time must have also been very traumatic.

She gets a kick out of telling everyone (especially guys and people larger
than her) how fat she is just so she can hear them say, "No, you're not
fat!" She loves the flattery and it really swells her ego. She'll only
drink a diet beverage, no matter how anorexic she looks. Ice cream is
against her religion and she makes a habit out of reading the nutrition
facts on boxes in front of people.

Her room is plastered with posters of Leonardo DiCaprio, movies including
Leonardo DiCaprio, and articles from magazines about Leonardo DiCaprio.
Also, you can find pictures of Tiger Woods, Hanson (depending on how
pathetic she really is), various rap artists, and tacky stickers. She
despises anyone who listens to "uncivilized" music such as punk,
alternative, and metal.

When she's bored, she likes to talk about people she hates and criticizes
they way they look, dress, and act. She thinks she's right about everything
all the time, no matter how much she lacks of intelligence. Anyone that's
ever disagreed with her is an automatic enemy. Of course, the world
revolves around her. How could anyone be so foolish to think otherwise?!?
She strives to keep her reputation flawless. She's always been the one to
end a relationship, or else her pride may be hurt and she'd end up being
paranoid about other people thinking she's a loser. She likes playing
dumber than she really is (which is not by much) and she can always be
identified by her irritating, high-pitched laugh. She makes stupidity an
art form and practices it everyday.

It just makes me want to hurl. I really feel sorry for people like that.

This is a basic description of any prep/wigger girl. And I hate them. Not
just the girls, but the guys too. They suck and need to get a life.
Hopefully, this will help people see the light and understand that being a
prep or a wigger only shows one's stupidity and ignorance. If you are one,
SCREW OFF! Thanks. Have a nice day.


InNaTiC

=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= Questions, Comments, Bitches, Ideas, Rants, Death Threats, Submissions  =
= Mail: jericho@dimensional.com                       (Mail is welcomed)  =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=  To receive new issues through mail, mail jericho@dimensional.com with  =
=   "subscribe fuck". If you do not have FTP access and would like back   =
=    issues, send a list of any missing issues and they will be mailed.   =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
= AnonFTP     FTP.DIMENSIONAL.COM/users/jericho/FUCK                      =
=             FTP.SEKURITY.ORG/pub/zines/fucked.up.college.kids           =
=             FTP.DTO.NET /pub/zines/fuck                                 =
=             FTP.ETEXT.ORG/pub/Zines/FUCK                                =
= WWW    ***  http://www.sekurity.org/~fuck           ***                 =
=             http://www.dimensional.com/~jericho                         =
=             http://www.reps.net/~krypt/fuck.html                        =
=             http://www.simunye.com/fuck                                 =
=             http://www.dis.org/se7en/fuck                               =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
=       (c) Copyright. All files copyright by the original author.        =
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
