MARA JADE: BROKEN JEDI (01-05/05)

by PJ

[01]

The Sluggorn Command Ship hurled through Hyperspace, followed by a long
column of Sluggorn warships. Travelling down a dimly-lit hallway, the tall,
slimy commander of the fleet slithered noisily down the passage on his way
to one of the training rooms. Loud screams and moans from captured women
echoed along the cold, ichor-encrusted walls while the commander stopped
before a hexagon-shaped doorway and pressed the portal's activation button
with a long tentacle. The segmented door hissed open, allowing the Sluggorn
leader to slide into the large, round chamber and gaze lustfully at his
latest toy, Mara Jade.

The naked girl was straddling a long, thin, metal tabletop while a large,
mechanical tentacle thrust itself obscenely into her warm mouth. Another
metal probe nestled inside of her wet pussy, pushing deeper into her tight
vagina. Mara lay upon her flat stomach while her hands and ankles were
bound underneath the table. The commander licked his fleshy lips and bared
his fangs with pleasure as he listened to Mara's weak moans.

"The subject has been undergoing conditioning for the last two days, just
as you ordered, First," said a nearby Sluggorn tech.

"Good. Is she responding well to the conditioning program?" asked the
First.

"She fought the arousal routines at first, but now her body is fully
programmed to respond to Sluggorn sexual stimuli," replied the tech
proudly.

"Very good. I am pleased," said the First as he slid up to the prone Mara
and stroked the glistening flesh of her bare back. "Have her sent to my
private quarters when this session is complete."

"As you wish, First," nodded the tech in acknowledgement.

***

Hours later, the Sluggorn First reclined on a pile of cushions and sipped
warm blood from a crystal glass. The dripping, slug-shaped alien hissed
softly and swayed with intoxication. A door chime sounded, then the doors
slid open to reveal Mara dressed in a white corset, lace panties, and silk
leg hose attached to a garterbelt. The beautiful, young woman wore white,
high-heeled shoes while her long, red hair spilled down her back. Mara
smiled shyly with her sensuous, red lips, then she swayed over to the
reclining Sluggorn and knelt submissively before him.

"Jedi aren't as strong as I thought," whispered the First as he caressed
Mara's smooth cheek with a slimy tentacle. The lovely girl moaned softly
with pleasure and rubbed her cheek against her master's limb as he gazed
hungrily at her swelling cleavage.

The First pressed Mara firmly against the cold floor as she began to suck
wantonly on one of his tentacles. He ripped off her lace panties, then
spread out her slim legs and inhaled her sweet aroma. The bulbous alien
leaned down to lick Mara's red-haired snatch as he tore off her corset and
fondled her large, firm breasts. The prone girl moaned loudly around the
limb in her mouth as she sucked deeply on his tool, caressing his throbbing
meat with a wet tongue. The First licked across the surface of Mara's
lovely cunt, then he inserted a very, long tongue and filled her slit with
his probe. The nearly naked girl groaned loudly with pleasure as she thrust
her crotch onto the Sluggorn's fat tongue, relishing the feel of his probe
as it entered her belly. Dripping tentacles squeezed Mara's tits in a
vise-like grip while other limbs wrapped around her stomach, arms, and
legs. The horny girl sucked lustfully on the tool in her mouth, licking
along the shaft before she twirled her tongue around the head of the
pulsing cock. The Sluggorn shoved its rod into her eager oriface, then
fucked her mouth and throat with its limb until it spewed greenish cum
across her face and heaving breasts.

Mara licked the jism from her full lips, then she grabbed the engorged
tentacle with both of her small hands with determination...

***

Prime Minister Serilda Solo sat tensely upon the Emperor's Throne and
snarled at the hovering holoscreen in the center of the audience hall.
Several uniformed New Republic officers stood before the raised throne in a
group and talked quietly amongst themselves while ship icons disappeared
and the Sluggorn offensive moved resolutely towards the Core.

"This can't be happening!" shouted Serilda as she slammed her right fist
into the arm of her throne. "The slugs promised me they wouldn't attack my
forces!"

"Evidently promises do not mean much to them," remarked a Navy captain.

"What can your fleet do to stop them?" demanded Serilda bitterly.

"Not much," admitted one of the few remaining Fleet admirals. "We only
retain a fifth of our former strength. I suggest that we recall all of our
remaining ships and form a defensive line in the Coruscant system. In
tandem with the capital's defensive satellites, there's a good chance that
the Fleet can repel a Sluggorn attack and inflict heavy casualties upon
them."

"Do we know how large the alien fleet is?" asked the Prime Minister.

"A rough estimate is about four-hundred warships, with several battleships
leading the major fleets. We do know that the Sluggorn have no
reinforcements, apparently they've travelled a long way to invade our
galaxy," reported the admiral optimistically.

"Regroup the Fleet here. This is where the Republic will make its last
stand," said Serilda as she sat back limply in her throne.

***

Captain Berg aimed at a cluster of armed villagers, then fired a long burst
from the laser cannon atop his heavy freighter. Men screamed in agony as
green laser bolts shredded their bodies and sent gushes of blood against
the walls of nearby buildings. Several villagers fired laser rifles at the
bulky starship, but their weapons were useless against the thick, metal
hull of the vessel. Berg's fellow crewmembers popped up occasionally from
bits of rubble or small bushes to send sizzling bolts into the town,
killing anyone unlucky enough to be exposed.

A large, black landspeeder with a tinted windshield and a dorsal laser
turrent shot out of the village and opened fire on the freighter. Powerful
blasts smashed into the ship's port hull and left smoking holes in its
surface.

"Those fuckers scratched my ship!" roared Berg before he spun his turret to
face the agile speeder and fired a long salvo of bolts in its direction.

The rectangle-shaped landspeeder attempted to evade the freighter's attack,
but it caught several bolts on its port side. A bright, green beam burned
through the vehicle's windshield and reduced the driver to a smoking pool
of goo. Out of control, the speeder spun to starboard and slammed roughly
into the ground, flipping over four times before it settled to the earth
and exploded in a blossom of fire.

"Serves the bastards right," smiled Berg cruelly before he crawled down
from the turret, then left the ship to survey his booty.

Twelve fellow pirates entered the village and quickly gathered all of the
women and girls. Discarding the females that were too ugly or too fat, the
black-garbed raiders hustled the frightened prisoners towards the looming
freighter and began pushing them up the ship's ramp.

"That all of them?" asked Berg to an approaching raider.

"Yep. Do you want me to take some men and search the buildings more
thoroughly?" asked Lt. Luki.

"No. The Sluggorn are getting impatient for more bitches. Those slimy
aliens really go through them," smirked the grizzled captain.

"I hear that they eat female flesh and drink their blood," said Luki
quietly.

"Only after they're through 'playing' with them," confirmed Berg.

"Oh, well. At least they pay good credit for the cunts," rationalized Luki
with an avaricious grin.

"That they do, my friend," agreed Berg as the last of the crying girls was
shoved aboard the grey-hulled freighter.

"That's all of the merchandise, sir," reported a young pirate with a
salute.

"Good. Luki, make sure everyone's on board, then close the hatch while I go
through pre-flight," ordered Captain Berg.

"Yessir," saluted Lt. Luki with right hand on brow as the massive,
well-muscled pirate captain stomped up the ramp of his ship.

[02]

Captain Berg's wedge-shaped freighter, the Lady Ravager, emerged from
Hyperspace and propelled forward with its twin thrusters towards the
waiting Sluggorn fleet. In the pilot's cockpit, Berg carefully manipulated
his console's delicate controls while he steered the starship in the
direction of the Sluggorn Command Ship. The orb-shaped, alien vessel
emitted a blue tractor-beam and pulled the grey freighter towards a yawning
hatchway. The Lady Ravager slid smoothly past the hexagon-shaped portal,
then settled softly to the deck as a squad of Sluggorn battle troopers
slithered to the ship's entry ramp and waited for it to descend.

"Is the cargo ready to move?" asked Berg through his small comlink.

"Yeah, the girls are tranqed and on their feet," replied Lt. Luki.

"Move them out," ordered Berg as he unstrapped himself from the pilot's
chair and left the small cockpit for the ship's exit.

The burly pirate captain strolled down the ramp as Sluggorn soldiers pushed
the captive women into a column and marched them out of the hanger bay. A
medium-sized slug with a dark, blue tunic slid over to the waiting pirate
and handed him a credit chit.

"One-thousand credits a head. I believe that was the deal," hissed the
Sluggorn officiously.

"That's right. The communique also said that your First wanted to see me,"
said Berg coldly.

"Affirmative. Please follow me," replied the slug before it turned around
and slithered towards a waiting exit portal.

"Luki, watch the ship and keep sharp," ordered Berg before he followed the
Sluggorn officer.

"You got it, boss," acknowledged Luki with a nod.

Captain Berg quickly caught up with the slug guide, then followed the
glistening alien to a large, hexagon-shaped meeting room. The First sat
confidently at the head of the table, waiting patiently for his guest to
arrive.

"Please, captain, have a seat," offered the commander with a gentle motion
of one of his right-side tentacles.

"Thank you, sir," replied Berg before he selected a deeply reclined chair
to the Sluggorn's right and sat down carefully.

"Would you like some refreshment? We have several human selections,"
offered the First.

"Several selections suitable for humans, or several selections of humans?"
asked Berg wryly.

"Hah! Wit! I like that," chuckled the First. "We'll skip the rest of the
small talk and get to business. Was the payment satisfactory?"

"Yes. With your mighty fleet conquering planets right and left, planetary
defenses are almost non-existent. I don't anticipate any problems obtaining
more product in the short-term," said Berg.

"Good. I want to keep you in my employ awhile longer. You are efficient and
careful handling my merchandise, I appreciate that. If I sent my own
personnel to harvest our conquests, they might 'dip into the till' as you
humans say," admitted the Sluggorn.

"Sample the goods, eh?" grinned Berg. "Yes, that's a common problem with
subordinates."

"As a reward for your excellent service, I'd like to offer one of my toys
to you. She's very beautiful, and I've trained her quite well," said the
First proudly.

"Sounds interesting," leered the pirate captain. "Lead the way."

***

Mara Jade lay upon her large bed and idly twirled a strand of her red hair.
She was completely naked except for a leather choke collar around her slim
neck. The lovely girl pouted her moist, red lips and stared at her
reflection from the ceiling mirror above her. The door chime to her cell
sounded, then the portal hissed open to admit the Sluggorn commander and a
hulking human male with a stubbly chin, lanky, black hair, and dark
clothing.

"Hello, my pet. This is Captain Berg. I want you to play with him until
he's satisfied," commanded the slug firmly.

"Yes, master," nodded Mara as she stared with adoration at the First.

"Heave to, my friend," smiled the slug while he patted Berg's shoulder. The
commander slid away as Berg grinned lustfully at the naked girl and closed
the door behind him.

"I know you," said Berg as he pulled off his black tunic, then unfastened
his beltbuckle. "Your name's Mara Jade, you used to haul sex toys for Tom
Servo."

"My name is Mara, I serve the First and the Sluggorn race," replied the
red-haired girl automatically. "How can I please you?"

"These slugs are great at training, it seems," muttered Berg with awe.
"Come over here and suck my cock, bitch."

Smiling with pleasure, Mara jumped off the bed and knelt before the massive
pirate. She took his flaccid penis in both of her small hands and began
rubbing it vigorously. Berg groaned with arousal, then placed both of his
large hands on Mara's head and stroked her soft hair slowly. The naked girl
licked the head of the pirate's cock quickly, then lingeringly caressed the
shaft of his tool with her wet tongue. Mara kissed and sucked Berg's
hardening rod wantonly, then licked across his penis until she reached his
hairy balls. She took each of the man's testicles into her warm mouth and
sucked hungrily on them, making Berg moan loudly with pleasure. The pirate
tightened his hold on Mara's head and forced her to take his cock into her
mouth, shoving his rod deeply down her throat. The kneeling girl gagged as
Berg's cock filled her mouth, then she began sucking hungrily on his penis
with her full, red lips. The pirate thrust his crotch against Mara's lovely
face, fucking her mouth while she clasped her lips tightly around his cock.

Pulling away from the horny, young woman, Berg forced her to her feet and
spun her around to face the large, circular bed. The strong pirate shoved
Mara into a bending position, with her hands on the bed while her firm ass
thrust forward towards him. Berg caressed and squeezed the smooth flesh of
her butt, then spread her legs apart and rubbed his throbbing cock across
her pussy. Mara moaned with longing as the naked pirate caressed the wet
lips of her cunt with his tool, then slowly inserted his fuckpole into her
tight snatch. Berg grasped Mara's shapely hips tightly, then began
thrusting his crotch against her ass, pushing his cock deeply into the
naked girl's belly. The young woman groaned with pleasure and held tightly
to the bedsheets while she pushed her ass slutfully onto Berg's rod,
relishing the sensation of the man invading her womanhood. Berg grabbed a
handful of Mara's long, red hair and pulled on it roughly, thrusting in and
out of the helpless girl's pussy.

With a shudder of sexual release, Berg shot his load into Mara's clenching
slit, filling her womb with his jism. The naked girl screamed with pleasure
as she experienced her own orgasm, waves of esctasy smashing into her
tender brain. Berg slapped Mara's ass loudly, then pushed her onto the bed
before putting his pants back on. Mara stretched out on the bed like a
sleepy cat, then caressed her red-haired bush with a long-fingered left
hand. Smiling lustfully, Mara brought her cum-soaked fingers to her mouth
and sucked Berg's cream from the digits.

"I definitely approve of Sluggorn training methods," chuckled Captain Berg
as he pulled on his black tunic, then adjusted the weaponsbelt around his
waist. "See ya again, Mara."

"Bye," waved the sweating girl while she watched the burly pirate leave her
room.

***

Returning to the meeting room, Captain Berg found the Sluggorn commander
drinking a liquid that looked suspiciously like blood.

"Did you enjoy her?" asked the First.

"Yes. I was very pleased with her skill," smiled Berg. "Now I will take
leave of you and resume my aquisition efforts."

"I'm afraid that will have to wait," said the slug nonchalantly.

"Why?" demanded Berg.

"While you were amusing yourself, the fleet has been travelling in
Hyperspace. I'm about to give the order to reduce speed. Be happy, you're
about to witness the conquest of Coruscant and the fall of the New
Republic!" declared the First enthusiastically.

[03]

"Red Alert! All stations! Red Alert!" shouted a male voice over thousands
of comm stations across the surface of Coruscant. "All fighter pilots!
Report to your craft immediately!"

New Republic military personnel rushed aboard hover transports and flooded
the transit lanes as they rushed to report to their stations at the various
defensive sites surrounding the Imperial Palace. Squadrons of X-Wing and
Y-Wing fighters shot into the sky on pillars of blue flame as they
struggled to meet the advancing Sluggorn attack fleet. A small task force
of New Republic warships slid out of orbit and sailed to meet the
numerically superior enemy, launching their own starfighters to provide a
thin screen. Huge, orb-shaped Sluggorn battlespheres emerged from
Hyperspace and spread out in a wide arc formation with the apex pointing
towards the New Republic capital. Swarms of fighter spheres spat out of
hanger bays, shooting forward to engage starfighter targets. As the capital
ships flew slowly towards their counterparts, fighters met in lethal
exchanges of laser fire, evading and maneuvering for position while they
struggled to kill each other.

***

"Are the planetary batteries online?" asked Serilda tersely as she watched
the battle unfold in the Command Center holotank.

"Yes, Minister. The Navy is preparing the Solar System Array right now.
They estimate that the weapon will be ready in twelve minutes," reported an
Army major.

"Tell the Navy engineers to hurry, the fleet may not be able to hold for
long," ordered Serilda Solo.

"Yes, Minister," acknowledged the officer with a brief salute before he
rushed from the Command Center.

"Damn those Slugs to Hell," muttered Serilda with venom.

***

A Mon Calamari heavy cruiser exploded under the combined fire of three
Sluggorn battlespheres. Sheets of blue laser bolts from Sluggorn ships
filled the space around Coruscant, destroying any Republic ship in their
path. In ten minutes of combat over half of the New Republic warships were
destroyed, while the starfighters sustained over sixty-percent casualties.
Four Sluggorn battlespheres descended into orbit around Coruscant, then
shuddered as dozens of planetary ion cannons and heavy laser batteries
opened fire on them, severely damaging their shields. The Sluggorn returned
fire with hundreds of concussion missiles, destroying ion cannons and
several heavily-populated sections of Imperial City.

***

"Solar System is deployed and ready," reported a tech officer on the
array's command ship.

"Aim the System at the heaviest concentration of enemy ships and prepare to
fire," ordered the ship's captain.

"Target locked," said the tactical officer.

"Fire," ordered the captain.

The circular array of mirrors in orbit around the capital flared with
reflected sunlight before it emitted a huge beam of destructive energy. The
raging column of sunfire engulfed the bulk of the Sluggorn fleet, melting
the battlespheres' hulls like soft caramel. The nova-hot assault
disappeared in an instant, leaving a score of spheres where once hundreds
had floated. The Sluggorn Command Orb staggered away from Coruscant with
large stains of melted hull across its surface.

"Damage report!" demanded the First loudly within the smoke-filled bridge.

"Shields down to nine-percent. Primary weapons are offline. There is severe
damage on decks eight through fourteen, and engine power is down
sixty-eight percent," replied a shaken console operator.

"Open a channel to the orbiting battlespheres. Tell them to use fusion
warheads and bombard the planet," ordered the First coldly.

"Yes, sir," acknowledged the bridge officer as he attempted to send a
hyperspace message.

"That could have gone better," quipped Captain Berg sarcastically.

"You will be silent if you wish to continue living, human," hissed the
First angrily.

"Sorry, just trying to lighten the mood," apologized Berg with a smug grin
before he leaned back in his chair and watched the slugs slide frantically
around the bridge.

"Send some ships to that damned array and destroy it," ordered the First as
he sat back in his Command Pit, then monitored his crew's progress.

Three battlespheres shot towards the Solar System, firing bursts from
turbolasers and salvos of proton torpedoes. Large sections of the System
exploded in clouds of glittering glass, then the command ship blossomed
into a cloud of plasma and metal debris from five torpedo hits. The spheres
orbiting Coruscant launched dozens of large, fusion missiles, which slashed
down to the planet's surface before exploding in blinding, sun-hot domes of
destruction. The entire equator of Coruscant was engulfed by fusion blasts,
scouring all life and construction from the world's surface.

"All New Republic defenses have been neutralized," reported a Sluggorn
tactical officer.

"Excellent. Deploy dropships immediately to gather as many healthy females
as possible," ordered the First.

"It will be done," replied the Tac officer.

"Well, you did it. You seized the capital of the New Republic,"
congratulated Captain Berg.

"Yes. Unfortunately, I can't hold it. I'll have to settle for taking as
many females as I can and Jump out of your galaxy. My expeditionary fleet
is in ruins," admitted the First pragmatically.

"Ain't that a bitch," replied Berg with a cold smile.

"I suggest that you take your payment and prepare to leave. The Fleet will
be jumping into Hyperspace within the next twelve hours," advised the
First.

"Gotcha," nodded Berg as he shot up from his chair and left the bridge.

"Stinking human filth," whispered the First to himself.

***

Mara Jade lay restlessly upon her soft bed, dressed in a transparent
lingerie top and white, lace panties. The room's lights were set on low,
barely illuminating the large, silk-draped chamber as Mara lay bonelessly
upon her back with arms above her head and legs spread apart. Negligently,
the red-haired girl moved her right hand down to her crotch and slowly
rubbed her pussy. Enjoying the warm sensations from her bush, Mara rubbed
her snatch harder, pulling her panties away from her questing fingers. Mara
moaned softly as she squeezed her left breast through the thin fabric of
her top, then she pulled the garment over her head and tossed it aside.
Reclining against the headboard of her bed, Mara opened her firm thighs and
ripped off her panties. Smiling with lust, the beautiful girl slid her long
fingers across the surface of her warm pussy, making it throb with hunger.
Mara lowered her head to lick her nipples into hardness, then bit her pink
knobs wantonly. The horny girl pressed her head back as she inserted a
delicate finger into her slit and began thrusting into her clenching
fuckhole, making it wet with lubricant.

The naked girl was moaning with pleasure while she inserted a second finger
into her dripping pussy, exploring her vagina with erotic abandon. Mara
thrust her crotch onto her long fingers, fucking her probing digits as she
gasped for air. Sweat glistened on Mara's pale, white skin as she licked
her full, red lips and moaned with ecstasy. She removed her cum-drenched
fingers, then brought them up to her mouth and sucked hungrily on them,
relishing the taste of her own warm honey. Mara sat up, then got on her
hands and knees before placing the fingers of her left hand atop her wet
cunt. The red-haired girl caressed the firm flesh of her round ass, then
she slid her fingers across her snatch before plunging them deeply into her
honey pot. Mara grasped the headboard of her bed with her right hand while
her other hand thrust into her cunt, filling her fucktunnel with pumping
meat. The naked girl's mouth hung open as she grunted and groaned with
lust, pushing her ass against her left hand as her fingers were devoured by
her ravenous pussy. Mara' s large, firm tits bobbed up and down while she
finger-fucked herself, then she moaned loudly as she orgasmed, coating her
hand with sticky cum. Mara sat up on her knees, then rubbed her jism across
her tits before she licked her digits clean of honey. Grasping her own
breasts roughly, Mara leaned down to lick her cum from her nipples and
tits, arousing herself as she tasted her own sweet flesh.

***

"Prepare to make the jump into Hyperspace," ordered the First from his
Command Pit.

"Sir, enemy ships entering the system!" reported a Tac officer.

"What are they?" demanded the First.

"Imperial Star Destroyers and TIE Defenders. There's a whole fleet of
them!" replied the Sluggorn.

"Damn it to Hell!" spat the First in frustration. "Prepare to engage them!"

[04]

Dozens of Imperial II-class Star Destroyers and swarms of TIE Defenders
emerged from Hyperspace into the Coruscant system, opening fire on the
surprised Sluggorn Fleet. Sphere fighters and battlesphere cruisers changed
course to meet the Imperial ships and counter-attack them, exchanging
bright volleys of laser fire.

"How many Imperial ships have entered Realspace?" asked the First.

"Fifty Star Destroyers and hundreds of starfighters," responded a tactical
officer quickly.

"Communications, open a Hyperchannel to all ships and relay my orders. All
battlespheres are to form a perimeter while the cargo transports return to
their motherships. When the transports are secure, all Sluggorn ships are
to enter Hyperspace and travel to the emergency coordinates at the edge of
the galaxy. Transmit now," ordered the Sluggorn commander.

"Sending message now, sir," replied the console operator.

"I'll be leaving now, First," informed Captain Berg nonchalantly.

"Yes. That would be best, Captain," agreed the First with a baleful glare.

The heavily-muscled bandit nodded briefly, then left the bridge using an
empty turbolift.

"Tell the hanger bay guards to allow Capt. Berg to leave," said the First
as he watched the main viewscreen.

"Yes, sir," replied a bridge officer handling intra-ship communications.

***

A Sluggorn transport ship boosted away from the burning New Republic
capital, twin pillars of green plasma propelling its ascent to a waiting
battlesphere. Within the blocky ship's vast hold, Prime Minister Serilda
Solo sat on a cold, metal bench, completely naked. Over a hundred young
women and girls sat with Serilda in the dark hold, fearfully awaiting a
short life of slavery with their Sluggorn masters. The raven-haired Prime
Minister clenched her hands in her lap as a large, hexagon-shaped hatch
opened, disgorging a tall, slimy Sluggorn that slithered noisily down the
aisle between the naked, shackled females. The alien gazed lustfully at the
trembling girls until he reached Serilda. The Sluggorn stared with
admiration at Serilda's long, shapely legs, tight stomach, and round, pert
breasts. Raising several tentacles dripping with arousal, the alien pinned
Serilda's wrists against the bulkhead, then spread open her thighs while an
engorged phallic-tentacle stretched forward and rubbed lovingly against her
mound of dark pubic hair.

Serilda screamed in fury as the Sluggorn inserted his pulsing cock into her
pussy and began ramming it roughly into her stomach. The naked woman moaned
while the alien pumped his meat into her cunt, forcing her ass to slide
back and forth in time to his thrusts. Slime-encrusted tentacles wrapped
around her heaving breasts, squeezing them tightly as the alien bent
forward to bite and suck on her pink nipples. The other captured girls
watched with wide eyes as their alien captor fucked Serilda, filling her
love tunnel with his slick rod. The naked woman's arms went limp as she
surrendered to her carnel instincts, thrusting her crotch slutfully against
the Sluggorn's thick tool. The alien slipped a tentacle into Serilda's
mouth, pushing it deeply down her throat while she sucked on his shaft with
relish. The horny brunette licked along the sides of the tentacle, then
sucked deeply on the dripping head before taking the whole throbbing rod
past her full, red lips.

The Sluggorn grasped Serilda's shapely hips tightly, then rammed his cock
deeper into her cunt, shoving his whole tool into her tight snatch. The
helpless woman groaned and panted as her captor fucked her, then she licked
the purple cum from a hovering tentacle and sucked wantonly on the pulsing
shaft. The alien groaned with release as it spewed violet jism from the
tentacle in the woman's pussy and above her head. Slick cock cream dripped
from Serilda's face and tits while more cum filled her vagina, spilling out
to trickle down her firm thighs. With the alien sated and relaxed, Serilda
used the Force to squeeze his thin neck until it snapped loudly. Wiping
warm cream from her face, the self-trained Jedi opened her manacles, then
snatched the jailor's laser pistol from its belt.

Ignoring the pleas of her fellow prisoners, Serilda rushed to the exit
hatch and slapped the release. Leaping into the dimly-lit corridor, the
former Prime Minister of the New Republic scanned the area for guards, then
proceeded to search for an escape pod. Minutes slid inexorably by, but
Serilda failed to find an escape vehicle. Pressing a doorway panel, the
beautiful, naked woman gasped in surprise when she realized that she had
found the cockpit of the transport. Two Sluggorn flew the ship, and one of
them began to stand up when it noticed a female running loose in the
passageway. Raising the bulky laser pistol, Serilda fired three bolts into
the alien, pushing it back into his chair while streams of green ichor
spewed out of his wounds. The remaining pilot drew his own pistol and fired
at Serilda, hitting her in the left shoulder and stomach. Gasping with
pain, Serilda staggered back against the passagway's wall, then slid down
to the floor leaving a thick trail of blood. Smiling cruelly, the Sluggorn
rose from its chair, then screeched in agony as Serilda fired five times
into its glistening torso. The dying slug smashed into the cockpit's
control panel, destroying delicate consoles and sending the transport
spiralling out of control. As darkness began to fill Serilda's fading
vision, the last descendent of the Solo family watched the surface of
Coruscant grow closer and closer in the cockpit's viewport, then she sighed
softly and died.

***

Mara Jade was performing leg exercises on the carpeted floor when Captain
Berg marched into her room.

"Get dressed, Mara, we're leaving," said Berg tersely.

"What's going on?" asked the scantily-clad girl as she rose to her feet.

"I'm taking you away from this. The Sluggorn have had it," replied Berg
while he snatched Mara's black jumpsuit and threw it in her direction.

"Well, o.k.," shrugged the red-haired Jedi before she slid her beautiful
legs into the skintight jump-suit.

"C'mon. Hurry!" urged Capt. Berg before he snatched Mara's small right hand
and led her into the command ship's passageway. The two humans made their
way stealthily through many twisting passageways and storage rooms before
they finally reached the hanger bay. Standing tall and confident, Captain
Berg led Mara out into the bay towards his freighter, the Lady Ravager.

"I've seen better," whispered Mara with a grin.

"Shut up. It's paid for," retorted Berg as he led the lovely girl towards
the entry ramp.

"Hey! Human! Do you have clearance to take a female with you?" asked a
Sluggorn guard.

"Yeah. I got the clearance right here," answered Berg while he drew his
laser pistol and shot the alien in the chest.

Before the other guards could return fire, the whole ship shuddered from an
impact, then canted to port as several turbolaser bolts slammed into its
vulnerable hull.

"Warning! The hull has been breached! Go to your emergency stations
immediately!" ordered a voice over the ship's intercom.

Berg dragged Mara across the canting floor of the hanger bay while deep
rumbles resonated from the bulkheads. Just as the muscled bandit helped
Mara grasp the boarding ramp, a massive explosion sprang up from the bay
floor, killing several Sluggorn and filling the chamber with white-hot
flames.

[05]

The Sluggorn Command Ship fired dozens of blue turbolaser batteries at the
Eclipse-Class Super Star Destroyer. The Imperium war vessel flared with
light as its powerful deflector shields absorbed the vicious assault.
Advancing with its flaring thrusters, the Imperium ship fired its forward
laser and concussion missile arrays, ravaging the Sluggorn vessel's
shields, then ripping huge holes in the faltering ship's metallic hull.
Around the battling titans, dozens of Star Destroyers and Sluggorn
Battlespheres fired on each other, filling the space around Coruscant with
streams of deadly laser fire and clouds of glowing missiles.

In the main hanger bay of the Sluggorn Command Ship, Capt. Berg stirred
groggily and glanced over at the unconscious form of Mara Jade. Groaning
with pain, the burly space pirate rose to his feet and surveyed the damage.
An overloaded power conduit had erupted beneath the hanger deck, sending
Sluggorn soldiers and duralloy flying in all directions. All of the slimy
aliens were dead, ripped apart and splattered across the ship's bulkheads.
Berg bent down to pick up Mara and carry her under his right arm, then he
marched over to his waiting freighter and climbed the entry ramp.

"I thought that you were a goner for sure, sir," remarked Lt. Luki with a
grin.

"Ha! It'll take more than that to kill this old bastard," said Berg with a
smirk of his own. "Secure the ship and get us out of here."

"The ship's all ready. I've been waiting for you to show up," retorted Luki
before he rushed to the cockpit in order to warm the engines.

Capt. Berg moved the slim Mara to lay within both of his arms, then he
carefully carried the senseless girl to his cabin. Fellow crewmen snickered
when they saw Berg's prize, calling out lewd suggestions and encouragement.
Pressing the door stud, the bulky raider carried Mara to his large, square
bed and deposited her tenderly on the sheets. He brushed away a strand of
lush red hair from her smooth brow, then stood up and made his way back to
the cockpit.

In space, the Sluggorn warship shook as nearly a quarter of its lower hull
exploded in a cloud of plasma. TIE Defenders flew towards the breech,
firing salvos of proton torpedoes and sheets of laser bolts. More
explosions ripped into the crippled warship, then its interior lighting
went out. Sensing victory, the Super Star Destroyer drew closer,
maintaining a constant barrage with its turbolaser turrets. When the two
command ships were mere miles apart, the Sluggorn vessel fired its deadly
assault cannon, smashing past the Star Destroyer's shields and stabbing
deeply into its reinforced heart.

"Divert power to the containment fields!" shouted Grand Admiral Daala as
she sat on the bridge of the ISD Imperium.

"Main power is out! Emergency reserves are also off-line!" reported a
frantic Tac officer.

"Send a message to all remaining Star Destroyers. Form a screen in front of
the Imperium while we get the engines back and pull away from the aliens,"
ordered Daala with forced calm.

"The comm system is destroyed, Admiral. It'll take twenty minutes to open a
channel," informed the comm tech.

"Then hurry!" replied the petite Admiral as she clenched her gloved hands
with frustration.

Secondary explosions rumbled from deep within the Super Star Destroyer
while Daala waited, then the bridge lurched to port as the inertial
dampners failed. Eyes wide with fear, Grand Admiral Daala watched
helplessly as the Sluggorn Command Ship ignited into a cloud of fire and
debris, leaving only a hurling hulk of fused metal that smashed into the
Imperium and tore it apart.

***

"Damn," swore Captain Berg with feeling as he watched to two mighty
warships blow apart. The remaining Sluggorn warships broke away from the
Imperial ships and quickly jumped into Hyperspace. The battered Imperial
Fleet gathered together, then Jumped back to Ares, the capital of the
Imperium.

"Course, Captain?" asked Lt. Luki.

"Sector 12 of the Inner Rim. We'll haul some safe cargo for awhile,"
replied Berg with a sigh.

"Suits me. I've got some tankards of ale and some friendly girls to rent
with my last payoff," said Luki with an eager smile.

"You'll get to spend it," promised Berg with a nod before he left the
cockpit to return to his quarters.

"What happened?" asked Mara while she sipped some wine from a crystal glass
and reclined on Capt. Berg's bed.

"The Sluggorn got their asses kicked. They won't be back," replied Berg as
he filled a glass with red wine and sat on the edge of the bed next to
Mara.

"The Imperium?" inquired the red-haired girl.

"Gone away to lick their wounds. Without Daala to lead them, the Imperial
commanders will most likely start fighting amongst themselves for
dominance."

"What are you going to do?" asked Mara with a glint in her eye.

"Do some honest trading. Lay low for awhile and enjoy my money," said Berg
casually.

"Want some company?" questioned the slim girl with a melting smile.

"Sure. You're easy to look at," remarked Berg with a grin before he drained
his glass and set it on the bedtable.

Mara tossed her glass on the floor, then wrapped her arms around Berg's
neck and kissed him passionately on the mouth. The strong pirate returned
her hot embrace, squeezing the girl's lush body against his chest. The two
lovers entwined their tongues together, licking each other's lips, then
Mara nuzzled Berg's neck as he caressed her firm breasts through her
jumpsuit, squeezing and rubbing them with his large hands. Mara moaned
softly with pleasure, then she backed away to unzip her jumpsuit and throw
it to the floor.

Berg removed his clothes, then lay down on the bed before Mara took his
flacid cock in her small hands and began stroking it lustfully. The hairy
pirate smiled as Mara rubbed his penis, encircling the pole with her hands
while she playfully licked the tip of his tool. Finally, Mara took the
prone man's cock in her warm mouth, wrapping her moist, red lips around the
shaft before she started moving her head up and down. Berg groaned with
pleasure, relishing the sensation of Mara's hot mouth around his erect
cock. The naked girl's red-maned head rose and fell as she sucked hungrily
on the pirate's meat, then she licked down the shaft before taking his
balls in her mouth and sucking loudly on them. Mara rubbed her pert nose
and lips against Berg's tool, then resumed sucking on his shaft until she
tasted the panting man's pre-cum.

Standing up on the bed, Mara positioned her crotch above Berg's throbbing
shaft, then lowered herself slowly until her pussy lips barely touched the
tip of his cock. Smiling evilly, Mara rubbed the head of Berg's tool with
her snatch, caressing his flesh with her muff but not taking it inside of
herself. Berg groaned plaintively, making Mara relent and lower her pussy
harder against his rod until it slid into her vagina and thrust deeply into
her warm belly. Mara moaned with arousal as she grinded her crotch against
Berg's, pushing his cock deeper into her clenching fuckhole. The naked
girl's breasts bobbed with exertion as she pumped the prone man's tool, her
small hands pressed against his hairy chest. Sweat glistened on Mara's
creamy, white skin as she fucked Berg, filling her slit with his slick
cock.

Capt. Berg reached up to cup Mara's round tits, crushing them in his
powerful grip. Mara groaned and panted with ecstasy as Berg thrust his
penis into her tight cunt, pounding her brain with sexual excitement. The
naked, red-haired girl leaned down to kiss her lover on the mouth, then she
groaned with pleasure as she orgasmed, her lithe body shuddering with
multiple climaxes. Warm honey dripped from her pussy, sliding down her slim
inner thighs and onto Berg's crotch.

Pumping Berg's cock until it shot cum into her ravenous cunt, Mara rammed
her mound against Berg, then slid off his rod to lick his cream from the
pulsing member. Smearing cum against her cheeks and lips, Mara licked
Berg's jism and her own from the pirate's crotch, then licked his tool
clean with her pink tongue and warm mouth. Finishing her meal, the slutty
Jedi girl slid her naked body up to Berg's mouth and licked his lips
wantonly. Berg kissed the horny girl on the mouth, then slapped her loudly
on her firm, tight ass.

"You're my little whore now, aren't you Mara?" asked Berg with a malicious
grin.

"Yes, master. I'm your fucktoy," whispered Mara submissively as the muscled
pirate leaned down to suck lustfully on her soft tits.

THE END

************************

"Broken Jedi" owned by PJ. (Well, it's really owned by Lucasfilm, but I
don't think they'll claim it.) Copies can be made if proper credit to
author is given.

Back to Story Page

Back to Main Page
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Send any comments, suggestions, or submissions to the maintainer,
dabrooks@mulberry.com.
