Archive-name: 3plus/jailbrak.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jail Break


Janet and her son Tim had no warning when the two hoods broke into
their house.  It was shortly after breakfast, and they were still
wearing their pajamas in the kitchen when the back door burst open.

There were two of them, one was a tall blonde amazon woman with huge
tits, dressed in a tight leather skirt.  The other was a dark haired
woman dressed in a prison uniform, and her tits were big but not
compared to the first lady.

The pajamas were ripped off from them, and they were soon tied hand and
foot.  After the two had dragged them into the living room, the tall
one said she was going to get some of this young cock and started
toward Tim.  She stopped though when Janet yelled at her to get away
from him.  She turned around and told Janet that maybe she would like
to go first.  Again, Janet yelled at them and said to just leave them
alone and to get out of her house.

"Joan", the tall one said "it looks like we are going to have to teach
her a lesson".

"I think you're right Linda, what should we do to her", asked Joan?

"Anything we want to", said Linda, "let me think for a second....I know,
maybe this lady would like to lick my pussy, how about it"?

"Get away from me you bitch", snapped Janet.  

Linda laughed in her face, "so I'm a bitch"?

"Joan, I just know she wants to lick my pussy, and I want to suck on
this kid's dick and get some of his nice sweet boy-cum to drink".

Linda started to take her leather skirt off and walked over to Tim. 
"How about it kid, do you want Linda to suck the cum out of that
sweet little cock of yours"?

"Don't hurt me" was all he could say in a small shakey voice.

"Not me", she replied "I won't hurt that little cock of yours, I'll
take GOOD care of it"!

"Joan, go to the kitchen and see if you can find some toys to help
things along".

Joan left and quickly came back with some assorted vegetables that
Janet was planning to serve for lunch.  Linda finished taking off her
clothes and she looked great, her tits were even bigger without the
tight bra and her nipples were oversized and almost covered her tits. 
She knelt down with her face in Tim's crotch and her pussy by his head.

"Ok, drag her over here and mash her face in my pussy", said Linda.

Joan brought Janet over making her kneel over Tim and they were face to
face.

"Make her eat my pussy while I suck on this cute little dick and drink
his cum", said Linda.

Janet and Tim could both smell Linda's hot pussy and Janet told herself
she was not going to eat the woman.  Joan pushed her forward and her
nose butted against Linda's asshole, with her lips winding up against
her pussylips.  Tim could see his mother's face stuck between this
lady's buns.

"Now", Linda yelled back to Joan, "make her eat me"!

Joan reached up and yanked out one of Janet's cunt hairs making her
scream into Linda's pussy.  Janet quickly closed her mouth and Joan
pulled out another one.  Joan flatly told her that if she would suck
her pussy she would stop with the hair pulling, but if she didn't she
would pull every one out until her pussy was as bare as Linda's.  Janet
thought for second and decided it was better to suck then go through
the torture.  Tentatively she stuck out her tongue made a swipe at
Linda's juicy pussy and got a small taste of the pussy juice.  She
thought about it for a second and it didn't taste all that bad, but she
couldn't possibly let them know that.  Joan told her to start lapping
like she liked it and abruptly stuck a finger in Janet's pussy which
made her yelp.  Janet, having no choice, but feeling her own pussy
starting to get wet began moving her tongue in Linda's pussy.

Linda started to lick the tip of Tim's cock swirling her tongue around
the head of his dick.  Then she made a tight oval with her mouth and
work it down his cock until she had all of it in her mouth.  It felt so
good that it made him grit his teeth, and a small whimper escaped his
lips.  She lifted her head up until just the head of his cock was in
her mouth and then lowered again filling her mouth with his young cock. 
She continued to do this trying with all her might to get him to squirt
his load, so she could taste his young boy cum.  

Linda herself was getting so excited from Janet's tongue licking her
that she told Joan to reward Janet by sticking something in her pussy. 
Joan picked up a nice big cucumber that she had found in the kitchen
and rubbed it along Janet's now VERY wet cunt, finally centering it at
her hole.  Joan began to work the big vegetable in and out of Janet's
pussy, while she pushed three fingers under the prison issue panties 
into her own pussy turning her on even more.  Involuntarily, Janet
began to moan softly into Linda's pussy.

Tim saw his mother moaning and wiggling her hips into the big vegetable
in Joan's hand, and with a little squeal suddenly began shooting off
into Linda's eager mouth.  It seemed like his little cock squirted
forever, and it was the most intense feeling that he had ever had! It
was so intense that it pushed Linda over the edge, and she too began
cumming into Janet's mouth.  

Seeing her young son cum for the first time, having Linda cum in her
mouth, and the cucumber buried deep in her own pussy all sent Janet
into wild spasms of orgasm!

Seeing everyone moaning, squealing, and cumming was too much for Joan,
and her pistoning fingers brought her a thundering cum too.  For a few
minutes all four of them layed on the floor in a puddle of sweat and cum,
trying to catch their breath.

Suddenly, there was a pounding at the door, and the police broke in. 
They took Linda away naked and Joan still in her prison uniform, both
in handcuffs.

--
