				"Jared"
			  by Mitchell Knight


	I could not believe how much Jared had grown when I saw him. 
Sure, it had been a while since I'd last seen him...maybe a few
months, but he was now only a head shorter than me.  Of course
he'd been growing all along, but puberty sure had hit with a
vengeance in those few months since I'd last seen him.

	Gone was the sweet little boy with the straight white blond
hair who used to wrap his arms around my waist in a jubilant hug
every time I saw him.  He was replaced by this tall, slender
young man with a deep voice who greeted me from a few feet away.
His hair had gained a little body and now was slightly wavy on
the side, but I was pleased to see he still hadn't lost that
very light shade of blond.  

	"Hi, Jared," I answered back.

	My aunt and uncle had invited me out with them and my cousin
Jared for a weekend vacation at their resort.  I had just gotten
out of college and was looking for a job over the summer, and
they knew that I really needed to take a break.  I'd gladly
accepted their offer.

	"I'll show you to your room," Jared offered.

	"Okay."

	He took me upstairs to the guest room which was right across
the hall from his.

	"Here ya go.  My mom wanted me to tell you that there were
towels in the cabinet under the sink, just take what you need,"
Jared said.

	That deep, manly voice coming out of his mouth continued to
surprise me.

	"Okay, thanks," I answered.

	I put my suitcase on the bed and opened it up.  Jared stood by
the doorway, uncertain what to do next.  In the past he would be
talking a mile a minute about what was going on in his life or
asking me questions about genetics, wrestling, or any other
number of topics.  But the shyness of puberty had also settled
in with the deep voice and height.  Now we were strangers: he
was no longer my sweet affectionate cousin, and I was no longer
his wise one.

	"So what have you been doing this summer?" I asked.

	"Oh, just playing tennis and helping out my parents around
here," he answered.

	"Were you on the team again last year?"

	"Yeah.  I'm taking some lessons this summer from the coach."

	"That's good.  Are you their star player?"

	"Aww...I'm pretty good, I don't really know if I'm the star..."

	I smiled.  It was good to see he remained modest.  Kids who
grew up into arrogant sports jocks really annoyed me.

	"I was just thinking about going swimming.  Do you want to join
me?" Jared asked.

	"Sure.  Just let me get unpacked."

	"Okay, I'll go change and wait downstairs."

	"Sounds good."

	I finished packing and fished out my swimming trunks.  I have
to admit that my curiosity was a little tweaked by the idea of
seeing Jared in his swimsuit.  

	Hurrying downstairs, I found him talking with my aunt as she
prepared dinner.  He sat at a chair at the kitchen table with
his beach towel draped over one shoulder and his bare legs
spread out before him.  I admired their lean shape and the light
muscular cast to his thighs and calves.  That tennis really
helped shape his legs quite well.  The sun caught the light
blond hairs which dusted his legs.

	"Ready?" Jared asked.

	"Yep."

	"Have fun," my aunt called after us.  "I'll call you when
dinner is ready."

	We headed for the heated swimming pool just outside their house
since the lake wasn't really much for swimming as saturated with
leeches as it was.  There were a couple of other kids in it, but
for the most part we had the pool to ourselves.

	We left our towels on a chair by the pool and then went to the
steps in the shallow end.  I glanced over at his lean body in
the blue trunks.  The rest of it was just as nice as his slim,
muscular legs.  His pecs were defined and only covered in a thin
layer of baby fat.  The sight of his tiny little hard nipples
almost drove me to lean over and lick them.  His tummy suffered
from the same baby fat, but he was hardly chubby.  With that
baby fat gone and a couple more years on him, and he would be
quite the lady killer.

	"You've got to jump in," Jared said, interrupting my quiet
worshipping of his body.

	And without a moment's hesitation, he leaped forward and
sprayed water back onto my body in the process.  It wasn't
really all that cold, so I went ahead and jumped in right after
him.  We frolicked around for a while, diving for some pennies
in the water and trying to dunk each other a few times.  As his
arms tried to force my head underwater I discovered how strong
he was.  In another year he would be a match for me.  I was glad
we played like we did though because it really got him to break
through his initial shyness, and soon things were more like how
I remembered them even if Jared had changed a lot physically.

	After a while we got out of the pool, and I could see the bulge
in his trunks.  It wasn't massive by any means, but it was
there!  A little quiver ran from my heart to my belly.  I
realized that he was probably quite mature since a couple years
ago there would have been no evidence of a bulge in clothing
like that.

	We went to lay down on a couple of lounge chairs.  Jared put
his arm behind his head to provide a pillow, and I could see he
still didn't have any hair under his arms, but judging by that
bulge, I knew it wasn't far behind.  I wasn't disappointed that
he didn't have hair there though.  That smooth cave appealed to
me.  Hell, everything about this young man was driving me crazy.

	"Okay, guys, dinner's ready," my aunt called then which was
probably a good thing.  If I'd thought about Jared's body any
more, I'm sure I would have had a raging hardon which would have
been very difficult to hide.



	The weekend was both relaxing and an exercise in restraint.  I
had a great time playing with my cousin and spending time with
my aunt and uncle, but there were times when I could barely
contain myself from ripping off Jared's clothes to get at that
delicious body underneath.  I wanted to see up close and
personal that bulge he hid every time we went swimming.  I began
to consider those blue swimming trunks my enemy.  I just had to
know whether he had hair down there and whether his cock was as
sweet as I imagined it would be.

	The last night I spent there I decided to go out for a late
swim.  I thought the exercise would help me get to sleep and
keep my mind off Jared.

	"You're going swimming?" Jared called from his room as he spied
me heading down the stairs in my trunks.

	"Yeah," I answered.

	"Can I come along?"

	"Sure."

	He hopped up out of bed where he'd been reading Sports
Illustrated and closed the door.  It opened a few seconds later,
and he came out ready for swimming.

	The pool was deserted and dark.  Only the light under the water
in the deep end was on.    We jumped in, as was our ritual, and
I started doing some laps.  That was when inspiration struck.

	"Hey, Jared," I whispered.

	"Yeah?" he asked, his own voice hushed in response.

	"Let's go skinny dipping," I said.

	Jared giggled a little.  There was still some of my little
cousin left in this adolescent.  

	"What if someone sees us?"

	"Who's going to?  Nobody will be up here this late."

	I proceeded to swim towards the light where I shucked my trunks
and put them on the edge of the pool.

	"Ahh, this feels great," I whispered, slowly treading water and
enjoying the feel of the warm liquid on my cock which was slowly
growing into an erection as my mind conjured fantasies of Jared
naked in this water with me.

	Jared giggled as he swam over and struggled out of his trunks. 
Soon they were taking their place next to mine.  It was hard to
see his penis through the water though since it had been
disturbed so much by our movements.

	I tackled him then and pushed him under the water.  In the
flailing of limbs, I slid my hand between his legs and lightly
felt along his abdomen and penis.  My fingers were delighted to
find sparse curls at the base of his dick.

	Our hushed play continued for a while longer until Jared said
that he felt like getting out.

	"Wait, can I do one more thing?" I asked, desperate to get
somewhere now that he was naked with me.

	"What?" he asked.

	"Get out and sit on the edge with your legs in the water," I
answered.

	He cautiously obeyed.  The light refracting up from the water
revealed that he had a very nice, firm ass.  He turned around,
and I could finally see his cute little cock.  It was about an
inch long, but we all know that's not what's really important. 
Now I just needed to get him erect to see how big he really was.

	"If you don't like this, just let me know, and I'll stop," I
explained.

	I gripped the front of his calves and placed my head between
his legs.  My tongue tickled the head of his dick.

	"What are you doing?" Jared squealed in a whisper.

	"Don't you like it?"

	"Uh...well..."

	My mouth sucked in the head of his cock gently, and then I
moved forward, taking in the rest of his penis, burying my nose
in his pubic curls.  My tongue lapped at his tiny hairless ball
sac before I pulled back along his length.  My tongue swirled
around the head, and I heard a small sigh from above.  Smiling
around his penis, I pulled his cock into my mouth again.

	Soon the blood was flowing good into his cold little member.  I
could taste just a hint of chlorine on him as I continued to
suck and lick and tease an erection out of him.  His five inch
dick fit comfortably in my mouth without causing me to gag on
it.  I ran my hands over his damp thighs as my sucking became
more urgent.  I wanted to taste his cum now.  The thrill of
pulling that scrumptious morsel from his body drove me on even
faster.

	When Jared's natural instinct took over, and he started
thrusting his hips forward to meet the pleasurable suction of my
mouth, I stopped to savor this moment.

	"Do you like it?" I whispered.

	"Uh...yeah," he sighed.  I could sense the disappointment he
felt at my having stopped, so I returned my mouth to his organ
and licked the head.  His immediate reaction was to thrust
forward.

	The pace of my sucking increased quickly then, and I had my
hands on his waist to pull his hips towards me to increase the
impact of his thrusts.  Suddenly he froze, and I eagerly clamped
down on his cock.  It twitched in my mouth; I let his semen
spray over my tongue where I could savor it before swallowing. 
A little whimper escaped his mouth as he shot those three times
into me.

	Then he lay back on the concrete of the poolside, completely
drained.

	"See, wasn't that fun?" I asked.

	"Yeah."

	Between my legs my own cock was so hard it was twitching in
time with my heartbeat.  I really wanted to get off with Jared,
but I didn't want to push it much farther.  Getting him to suck
on me might work, but I was worried how he would react to my
explosion since that's definitely what my orgasm would be like
at this point.

	"Jared, can we do one more thing?" I asked.

	"Sure."

	I pulled myself up out of the pool and walked over to our
towels.  I spread them out on a chaise lounge.

	"Lay down on your stomach," I said.

	He did so without any protest.  I laid down on top of him then,
and wedged my cock between his firm buttocks.

	"Am I too heavy?" I asked.

	"No."

	"Okay, don't worry, this won't take long," I told him.

	I definitely wasn't going to do any anal stuff with him, but
the feel of his smooth ass against my cock was quite satisfying,
and my orgasm didn't take very long.  A few swipes of my
erection against those smooth, beautiful cheeks, and I was
spurting like Old Faithful  Semen sprayed all over his back and
onto my chest and stomach.  I even think some might have gotten
in his hair, but if it did he never mentioned it.

	After wiping off his back and my front with my towel, we dried
off the rest of the way using his.  Then we slipped back into
our trunks and headed back to the house.

	"Would you like for me to visit again soon?" I asked.

	"Yeah, especially if we do that stuff again," he answered, and
looking into his smiling, eager face I realized that while he'd
grown into a man, that childish spirit of adventure would never
die out.

	The End 
