
From ddail@efn.org Wed Jun 26 15:02:07 1996
From: Coogrr@msn.com (Dennis Crowley)
Subject: Jean’s Journey........m/f, nc, impreg, suicide......Pt 1
Date: 23 Jun 96 01:56:01 -0700
Message-ID: <00003040+0000d8a3@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Organization: The Microsoft Network (msn.com)
Lines: 240
Path: 128.230.2.153!newstand.syr.edu!news.corpcomm.net!maggie.ionsys.com!bofh.dot!news.sprintlink.net!news-stk-200.sprintlink.net!news.msn.com!msn.com


This is a work of fiction. If you are not 21, go read mother goose 
rhymes. If you are offended by graphic language, descriptive sex, 
etc., go to the library and read William F. Buckley.





Part 1

As I stand here gazing at my nude reflection in the mirror, it 
doesn't seem possible that the body I see has been so ravished and so 
damaged. Nor does it appear to be carrying the most catastrophic of 
all my problems. But it is and that has led me to what I must now do.

I gaze over to my bed and I see my wedding gown, still as pretty and 
white as it was five years ago tomorrow. Has it really been five 
years since I became Mrs. William Bredlove II? The small, southern 
town daughter of the local minister marrying the local high school 
sports hero and the son of the town's leading family was so much like 
a fairy tale. The Depends, plastic bag, shackles, and other items 
lying next to the wedding dress, bring me back to reality and the 
fact that I have turned that fairy tale into a horror story. They 
stand as a silent reminder to what I must do.

Once again I check the clock. I realize that I have only a few hours 
remaining and I must finish this letter. It is important that 
everyone understand what has happened and that Bill not be blamed for 
all of my mistakes. He has no idea what has happened to me over the 
past nine months. It all began when Bill's family lost everything as 
a result of a product liability suit. Bill was devastated and nearly 
had a complete breakdown.

I work in the purchasing department for a defense contractor in 
Huntsville. Several of the vendors had invited me to lunch or offered 
me various inducements to sway my decision in their favor. But I 
always resisted, not only because I felt it to be wrong, but it was 
very much against company rules and I knew that my senior manager, 
Mr. Washington, would fire me if I ever did anything against the 
rules. Two of the men that I worked with lost their jobs when Mr. 
Washington discovered they were using a condo in Gulf Shores owned by 
one of our vendors. As bad as I felt about them losing their jobs, I 
did benefit as I became the lead buyer when they left.

When Bill's family lost everything, Bill lost his job. We were soon 
finding it difficult to make ends meet. I was nearly at wits end one 
day trying to figure out how to pay the electric bill when I realized 
I could "borrow" some of the petty cash. I did and I was intending to 
repay it when Bill's car broke down and I "borrowed" some more. Soon 
I was in so deep I couldn't see anyway out when George, one of our 
vendors, asked if I would like to have dinner with him. I felt I had 
nothing to lose so I agreed. 

We had a nice dinner and George was a very easy person to talk to. I 
soon found myself telling him about the problems Bill and I were 
having and how hard it was to make ends meet on one salary. Well one 
thing led to another and George suggested that I get off my high 
horse and accept a commission on my buys like all my counterparts in 
the other companies did. I was shocked that anyone would do such a 
thing but George assured me that I was the only buyer he dealt with 
that didn't accept commissions. I told him I would never do anything 
like that and we dropped the subject.

About two weeks later I found out that the annual audit for petty 
cash was scheduled for the following week. I knew I could never repay 
what I owed in time. So I called George and asked him if I could meet 
him after work. He agreed and when I met him I asked him if I could 
borrow a thousand dollars. He said sure, but why not just take a 
commission on my last order. The commission would be $1175.00 and I 
wouldn't have to repay it. Besides, since I had already placed the 
order, the commission wasn't a factor in my decision to select his 
firm. Well, to make a long story short, he convinced me. And that is 
how I started "taking commissions".

About six months after I took my first commission, Bill got a good 
job with a company in Nashville. I knew that I would be able to stop 
taking commissions soon. But it was not soon enough. One Friday my 
manager, Mrs. Golden, told me that Mr. Washington wanted to see me in 
his office. Mr. Washington always intimidated me. Maybe because he 
was not only a very large man, well over six feet tall, but he was 
also black. In the little town I was raised, blacks and whites still 
regarded each other with suspicion.

"Come in and sit down. I have a video I would like you to watch." Mr. 
Washington said as I approached his desk. I sat down, puzzled about 
his reason for wanting me to view a video. He reached over, turned on 
the TV and started the video. When the first images appeared on the 
screen, I felt the panic beginning to well up inside me. There on the 
screen was George and I at the diner where we had met just two nights 
before. I heard George telling me that my commission for that week 
was $400 and that I had made over $5500 in just the past few months. 
Then I watched in horror as George counted out the four one hundred 
dollar bills and I picked them up and put them in my purse.

"I think we have seen all of that we need to." he said as he turned 
off the VCR. "I am not going to ask you what you were doing, but I am 
going to give you a choice. You can do exactly what I ask you to do 
or I will turn this video over to our legal department. And, I am 
sure they would like to ask you about your "loans" from petty cash".

I just sat there in shock. Not only was I caught taking commissions, 
Mr. Washington knew about my petty cash violations. I didn't know 
what to say. I just mumbled, "I guess this means I , uh, am, you 
know, lost my job?"

"That depends on you. I want you to go home and think about this. I 
will keep this just between us if you agree to do everything I ask 
you to do for the next month. If you agree, then no one will ever 
need to know about this. But if you choose to not obey me, then you 
will suffer the consequences of your actions. And, so there is no 
misunderstanding, I expect you to become my sex slave for the next 
month. That is all Jill. You may go home now."

I could barely stand my knees were shaking so bad. I managed to 
stumble out of the office and get to my desk. I picked up my things 
and headed for home. I almost wrecked the car several times on my way 
home as my mind tried to sort through what faced me. I get home and 
somehow made it through the weekend. By Monday morning I knew that I 
would have to become Mr. Washington's sex slave. It was only for a 
month and no one would ever know. If I didn't, the scandal caused by 
my prosecution would surely destroy my dad and Bill. 

I sat at my desk all day Monday, so nervous I couldn't think. 
Everytime my phone rang, I jumped, thinking it would be Mr. 
Washington. Finally, at 3PM he did call and asked me to come into his 
office.

"Well I assume by now you have made a decision", he said as I walked 
through the door.

I couldn't speak and I just nodded my head. 

"Well, what did you decide?", he asked.

"I, uh, yes, I will do it", I sort of mumbled, my eyes cast down at the floor.

"Speak up and look at me when you talk to me. What are you going to do?"

I managed to look at him and say, "I will do what you want me to do".

"And exactly what is it I want you do be?"

"Your sex salve", I muttered, my face becoming crimson.

"You understand that if you disobey me in anyway, at anytime, I will 
have you prosecuted for accepting bribes and petty cash theft?", he 
asked, a ring of triumph in his voice.

Again I just nodded and uttered a weak, "Yes".

"Ok, we understand each other. Now lock the door and take off your 
clothes", he said as he got out of his chair and came around and 
leaned on the front of his desk.

I knew there was no backing out now. I stumbled over to the door and 
pressed the lock button. I turned and faced Mr. Washington. He had a 
nasty leer on his face. "Hurry up bitch, get out of those clothes". 
His words hit me with the impact of a bullet. I began to unbutton my 
blouse. As I opened the last button, I almost decided it wasn’t worth 
it and started to rebutting it. 

"Remember, if you change your mind, your picture is going to be in 
all the papers and your good family name will be ruined", he said as 
if he were reading my mind.

I began to sob as I took off my blouse and removed my skirt and slip. 
I stood before him for a minute in my panties, panty hose, and bra 
and then in a final act of submission, reached behind me, unclasped 
my bra and let it slide down my arms. My shame was complete a few 
minutes later when I slide my panties and pantyhose off my legs and 
stood before Mr. Washington, my right arm across my breasts and my 
left hand covering my mound.

"Get you hands clasped behind your neck and stand with your legs 
apart" he said as he approached me. 

Crying, I did as he asked and watched with horror as he reached out 
and cupped my breasts in his hand. Suddenly he grasped each nipple 
between his thumb and forefinger and pinched and twisted them until 
the pain was electrifying. "Shut the fuck up slut. I’ll tear these 
nipples right off your tits if you keep sobbing". With that he 
reached down and cupped my sex. He ran his finger up and down a few 
times and then jabbed a finger into me. I was very dry and the pain 
was immediate. "We will get this cunt of yours wet and loose by the 
time I am finished with you. Now get down on your knees".

I got down on my knees and Mr. Washington reached down and opened his 
fly. I nearly became sick as I realized what he was doing. Then, 
right in front of my mouth was his cock. The only cock I had ever 
seen was Bill's. Mr. Washington's was immense compared to Bill's. "OK 
bitch, I am going to show you what a real man’s cock is like. Open 
your mouth and suck it. And I had better not feel any teeth", he 
growled.

Slowly, I reached out and took his cock in my hands and began to lick 
the end of it. It was getting bigger and harder as I continued to 
lick and stroke it. Suddenly he reached around and grabbed the back 
of my head and thrust his cock into my mouth. I thought my jaw would 
break and I gagged continually as his massive erection pushed against 
the back of my throat. Then, as I gagged just as he trust, I felt his 
cock slide down my throat. I couldn't breathe and began to fight and 
pound on him with my fists.

"Bitch, just breathe through your nose. I am going to fuck your mouth".

Somehow I managed to began breathing through my nose as he began to 
pump in an out of my mouth and throat. He would pull out until the 
massive head was just about out of my throat and then push the entire 
thing down my throat again. My mouth was aching from being stretched 
and drool was running out and down my chin onto my breasts. Then I 
felt him push even harder and hold my head even tighter to him, my 
chin resting against his massive ball sac. I felt his cock flex and 
then I felt a hot liquid spewing into my throat as spurt after spurt 
washed down my throat.

Somehow I managed to get free and pull back. I knew I was going to be 
sick and vomited all over the floor. Mr. Washington was furious. "You 
fucking cunt! Get that mess cleaned up!"

I managed to get my clothes back on and went to the janitors closet 
and got a bucket and mop and returned to the office and cleaned it 
up. After I finished Mr. Washington said, "Ok bitch, you can go now, 
but we are just starting. When you come to work from now on, you will 
not wear any underwear. No bra. No panties. No anything. And you will 
keep that cunt of yours completely shaved. Is that clear?"

Still in shock and disgust, I just nodded and left. Later, at home, I 
got sick to my stomach again as I thought about what had happened. 
But later, as I sat on the edge of the bathtub shaving my sex, I knew 
I had crossed a river of no return. I was terrified at what tomorrow 
would bring. Also, what was I going to tell Bill when he saw my 
shaved sex? I fell asleep in a troubled and worried state.



End of Part 1

Shall I continue this story? Email your comments and suggestions to 
Coogrr@aol.com

