    SEXUALLY EXPLICATE MATERIAL:  BONDAGE/INCEST/TEEN/LESBIANISM

          ********************************************
            Copyright 1991   All rights reserved
          ********************************************
Due to several requests I am reposting Jeff's Harem, the story of
a teenage boy who comes to dominate his mother and sister in all
ways, and uses them for his and his friends pleasure.
               *******************************

                         Part One

     Jeff tilted the mirror over to the left a little, silently
wishing she'd hurry up and finish her shower. 
He'd been waiting here in the hall since he'd heard the water go on
about fifteen minutes ago. 
     The water went off and he slid the mirror back a little. He
remembered a few months ago, when he'd been so frustrated at the
thought that she was in there naked, nude, and completely invisible
to him because of this damned door. 
     He'd lain down on the floor, the side of his head flat on the
rug as he tried to peer in through the little one inch crack
beneath the bathroom door. He hadn't been able to see anything but
her feet of course.
     Then he'd thought of the mirror. Now he could see the entire
inside of the room, or any room for that matter. 
     The curtain slid open and there she was, wet and naked, her
body glistening in the bright bathroom light. Her hair darkened and
plastered to her head. She reached up for the towel hanging from
the shower rod and pulled it down over her head.
     She leaned forward as she dried her hair, her breasts dropping
down with gravity. He sighed as he watched them. God, they were
beautiful. She was beautiful. He felt his prick hardening as he
watched her. His body trembled slightly in excitement.
     She straightened up, her hand fumbling with the towel on her
head. He suppressed a groan as her figure was so perfectly outlined
and displayed. She was barely ten feet from him, and she had no
idea he was even here.
     There was just something so deliciously exciting about seeing
her like this, when she thought she was alone and in private. 
     She pulled the towel from her hair, leaving a bedraggled mess
behind, and ran the fluffy white thing down around her back and
shoulders, then across her chest. The malleable white cones were
mashed, their perfect round forms changed, distorted, giving
evidence of how pliable and soft they were.
     She put a foot up on the side of the tub and slid the towel up
and down her leg, then did the same with the other. She rubbed the
towel between her legs, drying off her groin. Finally, she stepped
out of the tub, turning to throw the towel back up on the rod.
     Her body stretched out and up as she tried to fling it across,
she wasn't very tall, in fact, soaking wet and naked, she probably
wasn't more than five feet tall. Her watched those sweet little ass
cheeks as she stepped on her toes, finally getting the towel across
the bar.
     She turned again toward him, and his cock pulsed as he took in
her entire figure at once. Fuck, he thought. Fuck, she had a
fantastic body. Jeff had never seen a naked woman before really,
aside from pictures and movies. 
     He wasn't a virgin of course, not being the quarterback of the
school's football team, but the girls he'd fucked had been in
darkness, half folded up and bent over in the back of his car. He'd
never actually seen one naked in the light before, not like this.
     Her breasts were so perfect, so big, so white and round. She
had tiny little red nipples directly in the middle of each tit, and
they made his mouth water. He pressed himself harder against the
wall to still his trembling. He was more excited watching her like
this than when he was about to fuck one of those whores at school.
     She started to walk toward the door and he pulled the mirror
back slightly, just in case she should look down and see it there
peeking in. He watched her feet until she turned sideways. She was
at the counter now, right beside the door, looking in the mirror.
     He slid the mirror forward, each little movement brought more
of her body into view. The mirror image slid up her legs to her
thighs, and her rounded buttocks. He watched as she bent forward
against the counter, and he got a perfect, straight up shot of her
pussy slit.
     She sat sideways on the counter, her feet coming off the
floor. He eased the mirror forward again, until he could bring the
mirror into view. Her back was toward him but he could see her
chest and face in the mirror. 
     She picked up the hair dryer and a brush and began doing her
hair. He panned the mirror up and down, sliding it down over her
ass and then up to her image in the mirror. She must be the most
gorgeous woman in the world, he sighed. His body trembled again, as
if in agreement.
     Her hair seemed to change color as she dried it, lightening
into its usual golden blonde, spreading out around her head in a
perfect little circle. Her hair was short, just reaching her
shoulders in back, shorter at the sides. It framed a face that
was... was.... adorable, he thought, heart shaped, with big blue
eyes, a tiny snub nose.
     She turned her body slightly, bringing her knees up to her
chest as she finished drying her hair and set down the machine. She
was examining her skin right up near the mirror. Being so short,
she seemed to find it easier to squat on the countertop to do it.
     He was looking up from right beneath her ass, and could see
the little winking asshole, and her narrow cuntslit, pulled
slightly apart because of her position.      His cock pulsed and
throbbed, his breathing getting ragged. He could imagine his cock,
hard and red, slicing between the soft folds of those pussy lips
and driving deep up into her body.
     She dropped back to the floor, pulling a jar of cream from the
counter. She put some on her hand and began rubbing it across her
face, moving her hand in slow little circles. She dipped her
fingers into the jar again and pulled out some more cream, rubbing
it across her breasts.
     He held his breath as she rubbed across her right breast, the
fingers sliding in little strokes around the nipple, and down
beneath the rounded orb. Oh My God, he thought, would I ever like
to do that!
     Then she was finished apparently. She walked away from the
counter and over to the wall where her clothes were. She pulled on
a pair of bikini panties and then shrugged a short blue football
jersey over her narrow shoulders.
     The jersey came down to mid-thigh. It's color set off her hair
beautifully. He loved that jersey: She looked so damn cute in it.
Didn't she know what she did to him when she wore it? 
     He scrambled backward along the rug and into his room, closing
the door just before she came out of the bathroom. 
     He locked it and collapsed back against it, shaking slightly.
He heard her footsteps pass his door, then pause and come back.
There was a gentle tap on the door.
     "Jeff?"
     Shit!
     "Jeff?" She knocked again.
     "Y...yeah?"
     "Open the door, honey."
     He took a deep breath and swung it open a foot or so, hiding
his lower body and his bulging erection from her.
     She looked up at him and smiled.
     "What do you want for dinner?'
     "Uh... ah... I don't care."
     "You sure? Paige wants spaghetti again."
     "That's okay."
     "Okay then. Are you all right?"
     "Yeah Mom, I'm fine."
She nodded, then turned away. He followed her with his eyes as she
went into her room and the closed the door.
     He swung his door closed again and then took out his raging
hard-on, holding it in his fist. He only had to squeeze once before
it exploded, spraying white jism onto the wall.

     He sat at the kitchen table, watching her work at the counter.
She was still wearing just the football jersey, and he had a hard
time concentrating on the little TV on the table as she moved
around in front of him.
     She turned off the stove under the spaghetti, and grabbed at
the handle to lift it off. Jeff sprang up and moved over to the
stove.
     "I'll do that Mom." he offered.
     "I can do it honey."
     "No, it's okay." He grabbed up the heavy pot and walked it to
the sink.
     "Wait till I get the strainer." she said.
     She pulled one from under the counter and held it over the pot
as he poured the hot water down into the sink. Steam hissed up
until the boiling water disappeared down the drain. He put the pot
back on the counter and went back to the table.
     You're a fucking pervert, he thought to himself. How can you
want to fuck your own mother so bad? True, she was gorgeous, and
adorably cute. Maybe it was because she was so small and delicate.
It was hard to consider her very parental, especially when he
towered over her. 
     It wasn't just her size. She was so guileless and docile, so
easygoing and just plain friendly. Everybody liked her: His friends
loved her. She wasn't much of a disciplinarian either. 
     He worried about her in the same way that a parent would worry
about his kids. He was always afraid she'd be taken advantage of by
some creep. It had happened more than once, starting with his own
crummy father who'd made her pregnant at sixteen, then left. 
     Maybe that was part of it too. She was so young, and looked
even younger. He shook his head in resignation. He should be
looking out for her, not figuring how to use her body like those
other men.
     She'd married shortly after his Dad had gone, got pregnant,
and then been widowed within a month. It was crummy that such a
sweet person should have such rotten luck.
     The front door banged and Paige tromped into the kitchen,
throwing her bag on the floor beside the table. Jeff looked up at
her in irritation. 
     She dropped heavily into the chair across from him and then
seeing him looking at her, stuck her tongue out at him. What a
brat.
     "Ready for dinner?" 
     "Yeah, no sweat Allyson." she sighed.
     "Don't call me Allyson, Paige. I've told you that before."
     "Yeah, right." the brat said.
     "I mean it."
     Paige sighed heavily, much put upon.
     Allyson put a plate of spaghetti in front of Jeff and went
back for another.
     "How come he gets to eat first?" Paige whined.
     "We eat in order of importance. You're last." he mumbled
through his food.
     "Fuck you jock." she snarled.
     "Watch your language Paige." Allyson said.
     "You hate jocks so much, how come you're always hanging around
the field?"
     "Am not."
     "Are too."
     "Am not!"
     "Children." ALlyson sighed.
She dropped a plate in front of Paige and then put a third down at
her place and sat down.
     "What did you do at school today honey?" she asked.
Paige rolled her eyes skyward.
     "Nothing." she said.
     "Found out what happens when she bends over a bench in front
of Mark Summers and lifts her skirt." Jeff smirked.
     "Fuck you, you liar." she yelled.
     "Paige don't curse like that." Allyson demanded.
     "Jeff don't say things like that about your sister."
     "Okay, I take it back. She only wishes she'd done that."
     "Eat shit."
     "Up yours."
     "Will you two please stop that at the table."
     She glared at both of them and they finally quieted down. She
sighed and went back to her meal. It was hard to control the two of
them nowadays. Luckily, they were both good kids. They'd both
turned out all right, even without any fathers around.
     Jeff was in his last year in high school, and with even the
slightest hint of luck, would get a full scholarship to one of the
big ten colleges next year. She always worried about him playing,
knowing there were huge behemoths trying to jump on top of him all
the time, but he loved the game and she'd been unable to talk him
out of it.
     He took after his father thankfully. He was well over six feet
tall, with broad shoulders and dark brown hair. His face was a
combination of hers and Mike's, being both strong and handsome.
     Paige was a little on the sharp tongued side, but still a nice
girl. Anyway, Allyson was glad of the girl's spunk and spirit. She
wished she'd been like that when she was her age. She wished she
was like that now. 
     Paige looked more like her than her Dad. She had the same
delicate features, with strawberry blonde hair and blue eyes. She
was taller though, which was another reason to give thanks. 
     It was a pain being short. People tended to look down on you
in more ways than one. Allyson was sure she would have had more
confidence if she'd been taller growing up, and not always the
shrimp of the group.
     "I'm staying over at Julie's tonight." Paige announced
suddenly.
     "Paige, it's a schoolnight. You know you're not supposed to
stay out on schoolnights."
Paige rolled her eyes again.
     "We're going to be studying for an algebra test tomorrow
okay?"
     "I don't know..."
     "You can call her fucking parents."
     "Would you watch your language please, young lady."
     "Young lady? That's a laugh." Jeff sneered.
     "Why don't you go fuck yourself?"
     "Jeff, please stay out of this."
He shrugged.
     "All right, I'll call her parents, but you better do well in
the test."
Paige smirked. She'd already taken the test today, what a laugh.

     "I feel funny." Paige complained.
     "That's okay. Wait a minute and it'll get even funnier." Dave
smirked.
     She shook her head a little as her vision blurred slightly,
and colors shifted. Her skin seemed to tingle, and her stomach
fluttered.
     The were in Dave's living room. His parents had gone for the
evening. She thought her was tremendously cute, and was flattered
that a senior would take an interest in her. 
     She sipped on the cola, hoping to cool off her suddenly hot
skin.
     "I feel warm," she sighed.
     "Me too babe." he grinned.
     He pulled her closer, his arm around her back sliding around
in front to cup her left breast through her t-shirt. His other hand
squeezed her right breast as he nuzzled her throat and kissed and
licked at her warm skin.
     She was fluttering her head around like a curious bird. He
wondered if the pill would react wrong with the booze she was
drinking It was hard to calculate how the drug affected different
people. He was pretty sure nothing would happen to her though, he'd
taken them so often, he was practically immune to them now.
     He pulled her shirt out of the jeans she was wearing, then
lifted it up over her breasts. He squeezed both her tits in the
little bra, then unclipped it and let the two sides fall apart.
     "You got nice tits Paige."
     "Uhh huuuuhhhhmmmm?"
He held her right breast, squeezing it out and then kissed and
sucked on her nipple. He drew it into his mouth and chewed lightly
as his free hand unsnapped her jeans.
     He pulled the zipper down, then shoved his hand in, and pushed
the jeans down off her hips as she giggled stupidly. He moved his
face against hers, touching her lips briefly, then with more heat.
He slid his tongue against her lips, then pushed inside.
     She responded, her tongue twirling with his, moving into his
mouth as his hand slid into her panties.
She spread her legs apart as his fingers moved downward through her
tangled pubic hair. 
     He felt her hot little slit and his heart hammered with lust.
Hot little slut, he thought.
     His hand grabbed at the waistband of her panties, jerked
downward, pulling them over her hips. He shoved her pants and
panties down her legs to her knees, then pulled away from her mouth
and put both hands on the jeans, drawing them and the panties down
her legs and off.
     She fell backward on the couch, giggling still and shaking her
head. Dave licked his lips as he beheld that pretty little pussy,
all spread out for him.
     He grabbed her leg, pulled her sideways on the couch, and then
spread both legs far apart. Paige didn't resist or do much of
anything, except sigh and blink her eyes.
     He lay down next to her, pulling his own pants down. They
kissed again, his hand sliding up and down her tight little body,
moving roughly over her rounded titties, pinching her nipples and
then twisting them a little.
His mouth moved down onto her right nipple again, sucking and
chewing it hard.
     His hand was between her legs, rubbing and squeezing her
cuntmound. He searched for her clitty, his fingers seizing the
little flap of skin and rubbing it between them. Paige jerked her
hips upward and grunted in surprise and pleasure.
     "Like that babe?" he grinned.
     "Mmmmmmmm." she sighed.
     He rubbed her clitty some more, kissing her cheek, then her
lips again. Paige squirmed and he rolled onto her, pulling her legs
further apart as he poised his hard cock at her entrance.
     "Gonna fuck you good babe." he groaned.
He rubbed his cockhead up and down her slit, pressing firmly. He
found her channel and jammed forward, making her grunt with pain. 
     His cockhead pushed into her, spreading her cuntlips apart as
he applied more pressure.
     "H...hurts." she mumbled.
     "Don't worry baby, It'll be fine soon." he grunted.
He pushed harder, forcing her cunt open. His prick slid into her,
the cockhead passing her lips and moving into the entrance of her
cunt tube.
     "Mmrrawmmmmm." she complained, trying to throw him off.
     He shoved his hips forward, pushing her fluttering hands back
above her head and holding the two of them together with one hand.
His cock slid deeper into her body, encountering her cherry. He
grunted when he realized what it was, then grinned. He might've
known she'd be a fuckin' cherry.
     He pushed harder, then pulled back slightly. He threw his hips
down then, jamming his prickhead against her cherry, which bowed
inward, then tore suddenly. Paige whined and jerked against him. 
     He pushed down again, sliding down her cunt three or four more
inches. 
     "Almost there babe," he told the whimpering girl.
     He pulled back, then humped down again, his cock sliding deep
into her chamber, down to the bottom of her fuck box. He groaned
and lay atop her unmoving, his cock buried in her belly.
     "Oh yeah," he sighed, feeling her soft cunt spasming around
his cockshaft. 
     He kissed her again, his free hand sliding up and down across
her titties. "Nice and tight babe." he sighed.
     He abandoned his hold on her wrists, both his hands going
under her and enveloping her legs above the knees. He picked them
up and let them rest against his chest and shoulders. His ass rose
slowly, then fell, then rose slowly and fell.
     He started to get into a good rhythm, fucking his cock down
into her tight sheath with regular, even strokes. He liked to pull
his prong all the way up so his cockhead was just inside her, then
slide it down full into her fuck hole again.
     His chest pressed against her legs, making them rise and fall
with him, pressing them into her swelling tits. Her face looked
upward in confusion, eyes wide.
     His hands sized her breasts, squeezing them tight as he picked
up the pace. He moved quickly, feeling his balls tingle, and his
cock pulse.    He was going to cum, he knew. He shoved his cock
balls deep, then began fucking furiously in tight fast strokes,
mashing his cockhead against the bottom of her pit.    
     Then he came, driving himself fully into her, and letting his
cum spew out, the hot sticky juice shooting
out in a rapid series of spurts.

               *******************************

                          Part Two

     Jeff watched in the mirror as she bent over her bureau and
searched in her underwear drawer. He sighed as her ass cheeks and
pussy were displayed for his inspection. Then she straightened a
pair of panties, or rather, the female version of jockey shorts in
her hand.
     They were bright red, with a white elastic on top. Oh, it was
one of the string bikinis. She looked so fucking fantastic, he
thought, as she drew them up her legs and slid them tight around
her crotch and ass.
     She pulled on a matching halter top, then sat down on the rug.
His breathing quickened: She was going to exercise!
     He watched avidly as she began doing sit ups, then turned onto
her stomach to do some pushups. She got up then and moved to the
TV, turning on the VCR to some Aerobics junk. He was in seventh
heaven as she began bouncing and moving to the music.
     Then she moved a few feet over and disappeared from view. He
cursed silently, hoping she'd move back. His view of her room
wasn't as total as he'd like. Her bed blocked out fully half the
room, and of course, he couldn't see what went on in her bed from
this angle.
     He glared at the mirror, thinking of some way to solve this
problem. He'd long considered drilling a hole in the wall that
separated their rooms, but couldn't figure how to conceal it.
     His eyes flicked upward to the ceiling. Maybe if he drilled a
small one through from the attic, she wouldn't notice it. Nobody
ever looked up at the roof anyway. If it was clean and neat, maybe
in a corner. He'd have to look into that.

     He parked the car in his normal spot, waving to a couple of
guys passing by. As quarterback, not to mention, a senior, he had
certain privileges, one of which was to park his car in a reserved
space every day.
     He went in through the gym entrance, and made his way down to
the locker room. 
     "Hey man." Mark grinned.
     "Hi."
     "How ya doin'?" John called.
     "Okay."
     "How you and that little sophomore do the other night?" he
asked Mark.
Mark grinned, and leered at him.
     "Tasty little morsel, man. You got to get a piece of that."
     "Yeah, well, I'm after Meghan Donnely."
     "That the one with the humongous knockers?"
He nodded.
     "You shoulda stayed with Susan. How can you beat regular pussy
every night?"
     "I got bored with her."
     "Fuck me. He got bored." John said in disgust.
     "You fuck her." Jeff offered.
     "Anytime man."
     "Know who I'd like to do?" Phil Edumd asked, dumping his stuff
on the floor and opening his locker.
     "No Phil, who'd you like to do?" Mark taunted.
     "That Kelly girl, the new cheerleader."
     "Shit, she's a fuckin' frosh. She's probably about fourteen."
Mark complained.
     "She's got the best fuckin' body in school man." Phil replied.
     "No way."
     "Uh huh."
     "Donna Zachary's got the best bod." John said.
     "She's okay."
     "Know who's got a great little bod?" Steve said, sidling up to
them.
Mark, and Phil looked up at him.
     "Your sister man. Paige." he smirked at Jeff.
The others diplomatically didn't comment on that.
Jeff looked up in irritation. Hunter was always trying to get a
rise out of him.
     "Fuck you man."
     "No really. She's a nine easily, maybe more."
     All of them analyzed the words carefully. According to the
unwritten, but well known code, a guy would always put down his
sister, especially a little sister, but nobody else could. On the
other hand, there were certain things that couldn't be said in
praise of a sister, by anyone.
     Hunter hadn't said anything that was really out of line. He
hadn't used the kind of descriptions that could be taken as
hostile, yet. Sisters, even if you considered them pains in the
ass, as Jeff did Paige, had to be defended from crude language, or
else the brother risked being branded a wimp.
     "She's got great hair, and a cute little face." Hunter
continued, using up the only real bodily descriptions that didn't
demand physical retaliation.
     "She's smart too."
     "She's a dumb little bitch." Jeff scowled.
     "And she's got these nice, firm, round little titties." Hunter
leered.
Jeff's face went flat and he moved toward Hunter.
     "Whoa, whoa! All right you guys hold it!" Mark interposed
himself between them.
     "You looking to die Hunter?" Jeff glared.
     "Hey, what'd I say?" he shrugged.
     "Get the fuck out of here Hunter, before we make you eat your
own jockstrap." John barked.
Jeff was trying to get around Mark, who kept shoving him back like
the blocker he was.
     "Not in here man, get him later. You fight in here, Coach will
have to suspend you for a game." Phil hissed.
Hunter sauntered away, rounding the corner of the lockers.
     "What's with that little asshole?" He flared.
     "I don't know. He's Pissed off at something."
     "He's gonna be pissed off with a broken jaw the next time he
opens his lip to me."

     Allyson slid the panties down her legs and then kicked them
off. She stood before the mirror naked, evaluating her figure. Not
bad, she thought. It hardly looked like the body of a woman with
two teenage kids.
     She turned sideways to see herself in profile. Her breasts
stuck out straight and proud on her chest, not sagging at all. She
stood straight, pushing her chest out and running her hand down her
chest and over her flat belly.
     No, not bad at all.
Almost unconsciously, her hand strayed lower, sliding down across
her abdomen, and into the thin line of pubic hair at her crotch.
God, it had been so long since she'd had a man, she sighed.
     It wasn't like she didn't have offers aplenty. She had come to
fear her own weakness around men though, to fear the way she let
them dominate her life completely. She hadn't accepted many dates
in the last few years, afraid of being used, and thrown aside
again, as she'd been several times since Max's death.
     Her hand slid lower, sliding between her legs and under her
pubic mound. She cupped the soft, pliable material, pressing her
fingers upward, and experiencing the sudden warm burst of sexual
heat that swept through her as she did.
     That was part of it, she knew. When it came to sex, she was
easily used. She gave in to whatever men wanted, just to experience
that hot, glowing burst of sensations from between her legs. Some
of the things she'd allowed them to do could still make her blush
when she thought about them.
     She'd allowed herself to be drawn into one relationship that
had gotten heavily into bondage and masochism, not really enjoying
much of that, but unwilling to fight against it. 
     You're just weak willed, she sighed.
She went over to the bed and sat on the edge, then lay back, her
legs apart. 
     Her hand slid down between her legs again, her fingers sliding
up and down her slit, feeling the warmth there. She could sense her
body responding, feel the fluttering in her belly as her passions
ignited. 
     She found her clit, and began rubbing it with her finger. She
pulled her hand upward, slid the digit into her mouth, wetting it
with her saliva. She eased it back against her clit, sliding it
back and forth across the little hard bud.
     She groaned audibly as the fluttering in her lower belly
turned into hard, hot churning violence. Her hips bucked upward in
response.
     Her other hand slid up and down her belly, then moved upward
to her breasts, sliding around and around her right nipple before
seizing it between wet fingers and rubbing it back and forth.
     Her breathing quickened and she felt the wetness begin to leak
out of her slit, moistening the fingers working over it. Her ass
ground into the bed, and her legs splayed far apart as she
straightened two fingers and slid them deep into her hole.
     She whined, feeling the heat building higher and higher inside
her. Her clit was buzzing and burning as she pumped the fingers in
and out of her slit, rubbing her thumb back and forth across the
clitty as she did.
     She arched her back, shoving her fingers hard into her pussy,
and digging her thumb against the clit. She seized as much of her
breast meat as she could in her other hand and squeezed, feeling
hot, electric tension multiply inside her as she did so, feeling
her warm, soft flesh oozing out between and around her small
fingers.
     She added a third finger to her slit, stabbing them in and out
quickly now as her passion mounted. Her thumb dug deeply into her
flesh as it rasped across her clitty. She kneaded, and squeezed her
breast meat, mashing the spongy material, driving her whole body
into a frenzy of lust.
     Then her back arched once more, her chest going higher, her
legs spreading wider. Her eyes rolled back in her head as her mouth
opened in a soundless cry of exultation. She came furiously, her
vision spinning, blurring, her body jerking, and shuddering beneath
the onslaught of orgiastic sensations.
     Then she collapsed flat on the bed, her hands still, three
fingers still buried in her twat. Her mind slowly calmed down, as
her body cooled. Her breathing slowed, returned to normal. Her
fingers pulled loose of her slit, her hand and arms dropping flat
on the bed, straight out to either side of her weary body.

     Jeff continued to squeeze the last of his sperm out the little
hole at the tip of his cock. His body was still shivering with
excitement as he watched his Mom's now unmoving form on the bed.
     It was the most... the absolute best... His body trembled
again, and he squeezed his softening prong. 
     He was in her closet, pressed against a crack between the door
and the frame, not three feet behind her. He hadn't intended to see
this, though he'd dreamed about it. He was simply looking through
her closet when he'd heard her come down the hall. He'd jumped in
and closed the door to avoid getting caught and having to think up
excuses.
     He hadn't believed his luck when she'd stripped and started
looking at herself in the mirror. When she'd started playing with
herself, he'd thought he'd been dreaming. His prick had bloated out
instantly, and he'd come against the wall twice now.
     He'd never thought of his Mom as having sexual thoughts. That
was stupid, he now realized. She was still young, why shouldn't he.
He'd thought about her as a kind of chaste little innocent. Now he
wondered what else she did without him knowing. Did she meet men in
bars and go home with them for the evening?
     No. He shook his head. That was stupid. She was here every
evening and every night. If she was having affairs, it was in the
daytime. He didn't think so though.
     His stupid fantasies about her took on new light to him with
the realization that she like, craved sex, just as he did. If she
wasn't getting any, maybe... maybe...

     He began to be more and more affected by her now. Several
times, he'd gotten a hard-on right near her, just by looking at
her. He thought about that body all the time. He couldn't escape
it, couldn't think of anything else but the need to possess her.
     Two nights later, he was parked over on pierpoint road with
Meghan Donnely. His left hand was up under her sweater, squeezing
bare tit as they kissed heavily. His passions were boiling and
bubbling. 
     It wasn't just the feel of Meghan's soft skin against his hand
that excited him. He was thinking about getting his Mom here, about
doing this to her, about her moaning and sighing like Meghan was.
     His erection was a hot, hard spear between his legs. It was
shoving against his jeans with enough force to tear the fabric. He
unsnapped them, then lowered the zipper.
     His hand sized Meghan's, pulled it easily across to his lap
and pushed it down his pants onto his hard, throbbing meat. She'd
gasped in surprise when she'd felt it, and tried to pull back, but
he wouldn't let her, pushing her hand down deeper, until she'd
reluctantly closed her fingers around the hot prick and squeezed.
     That was all it took too. His cock exploded, throwing him back
against the seatback as his body shuddered and shook in climax.
     Meghan had been both repulsed and flattered that he'd gotten
so hot on account of her. It made her feel flattered and important.
It also, of course, made her hot.
     When he'd rolled onto her, pulled her sweater up over her
chest and fastened his mouth around her naked breast, she hadn't
pushed him away. Her own passions were heating up quickly in the
dark steamy car. His hand slipped into her pants, down over her
abdomen to her pussy.
     Her normal instinct to slap it away was suborned by her
emotional excitement and sexual heat, as well as by the confusion
in her mind caused by the strange question: How can I not let him
put his hand down my pants and feel me when I've just had my hand
down his pants and felt him? Ignored was the obvious; that he'd
forced her hand down his pants. She was too confused for that.
     His hand reached her groin, and that little hole at the center
of her crotch. His fingers pressed roughly into it, and rubbed hard
across her clit. A sudden stabbing shock of sexual heat burned
through her belly all the way to her spine.
     His big hand shoved down on her pants, pushing them lower as
he stabbed his tongue between her lips. His other hand was jerking
on his own pants, trying to get them lower. They groaned and rolled
together in the cramped back seat.
     His cock sprang free and pushed against her naked belly. She
felt it with the shock of an electric wire, and her eyes stared
down into the darkness, trying to spy the hot hard organ.
     He got her pants over her ankle and jerked her left leg apart
and up onto the back of the seat.
"W... wait!" she gasped.
He crushed her into the seat as he positioned his body firmly
between her legs. His hand gripped his shaft, positioning it at the
center of her slit.
"S... stop... Jeff... ungh... no."
     She wasn't ready for this. It was only her first date with him
after all. But there was no stopping him. He was in position, his
cockhead rubbing against her oily slit. He ignored her feeble
attempts to push him off and shoved down with his groin, driving
his cockhead through her pussy lips and into her cunt.
     She gasped and writhed franticly for a couple of seconds, then
stopped, accepting the inevitable. His cock slid downward, moving
further into her body as she dropped her hands back onto the seat
above her head and closed her eyes.
     Jeff jammed the last few inches of his fat cock down her silky
smooth cunt tunnel, burying himself fully in her warm depths. His
hands were at her hair and breasts, stroking and squeezing her
titties as he drew her head up to his.
     His mouth locked tightly against hers and their tongues
intertwined, sliding and dancing together, first in her mouth, then
back in his, then in hers once more. His cock was buried in her,
unmoving as he revelled in the soft heat of her belly.
     Then he pumped slightly, jerking his body on the seat. She
grunted in response. He pulled upward, then sank back down. Seconds
later he began stroking in earnest, sliding his oversized fuck tool
down her cunt chute with steady, irresistible rhythm.
     His prick moved easily within her as his muscular ass rose and
fell atop her. His hands seized her sweater, folded under her arms,
and pulled it up, removing it entirely. She groaned, in heated
confusion as he slipped her bra straps off and she was stripped
totally.
     Her legs closed around his back and her arms slid around his
neck as she latched her mouth against his and humped upward. 
     Jeff pulled back, his arms around her waist dragging her with
him until they were both upright on the seat. Her legs and arms
were still around him and her breasts pushed into his shirt as she
ground her crotch down on his cock. 
     His hands squeezed and kneaded the soft skin of her buttocks,
sliding over the cheeks, and up and down the narrow valley between
them.
     In his mind, his hands moved over the perfect rounded cheeks
of his mother, and the rounded breasts pressed against him were
hers. 
     Meghan began bouncing atop his lap, her cunt sliding up and
down the length of his stiff cock as he began rutting up into her
with equal force. His prick was pounding into her with almost
painful force, drawing little groans and cries from her soft lips.
     Her clitty was being rasped and crushed by his cock as their
fucking speed increased.
     Jeff dropped forward onto the seat again, all but squashing
the girl beneath him, jamming his prick balls deep in her fiery
cunt pit. He grabbed her legs from around his back, throwing them
up on his shoulders and hammering his groin into her crotch.
     His cock was a triphammer pistoning into the tightness of her
moist crotch hole. Her taut buttocks were bruised and battered by
the force of his lunging, fuckstrokes, beaten down by his
powerfully muscled hips.
     Meghan gasped in dazed excitement. She was squashed, bent up
and folded down into the yielding seat. Her body smashed repeatedly
by the heavy mass of his powerful plunging body.
     Her cunt was like a hot, wet, sparkling electric outlet,
shooting harsh jagged bolts of sexual ecstasy deep into her belly.
Scalding heat flooded through her torso, submerging all of her
senses as she began shivering and quaking in the prelude to
ultimate release.
     Her head throbbed, and her breath caught as that furious
fucking tool pounded down into her crotch, rutting, and churning in
her abdomen, ripping up and down her tight, elastic tunnel.
     Then she came, losing all sense of reality as her body spasmed
and shuddered in the grip of an all consuming orgasm. Her mind
soared higher and higher, then floated slowly down in satiated
contentment. 
     Jeff's prick continued to slam into her for long seconds,
driving through the spasming quaking depths of her insides until it
too pulsed and exploded, sending hot waves of sexual release
through him. His balls sprayed semen down his cock, shooting wads
deep into her.
     He collapsed atop her, laying there as the both of them caught
their breath.

     He had already dropped Meghan off at her house and was driving
home. His eyes gazed idly out the windows at the sidewalks as he
drove down the quiet street. There ahead was a hot looking brunette
in a tiny miniskirt. His eyes locked on her as he passed, then
moved to the rear view mirror to admire her front side.
     He turned onto Jefferson, spotted a group of kids ahead. Two
were males, which he completely ignored, two were female. His eyes
focused on both as he approached, drifted off the brunette wearing
a loose skirt, and onto the blonde wearing tight, tight, blue
jeans.
     She had an incredible ass, tight, round, perfect cheeks hugged
tightly by the faded denim. She was wearing a matching jean jacket,
her long hair cascading over the collar and down her back. 
     Just as he passed, one of the guys slid a hand around her
waist, then down onto her ass. 
Lucky fucker, her grinned. 
His eyes moved to the mirror, and a shock ran through his system.
The blonde was Paige. He stopped the sudden urge to stomp on the
brakes, continuing on for a block before pulling over.
     Who the fuck was that bastard with her?
He watched the group as they approached, recognizing the narrow
face and long hair as that of Dave Connors, a notorious pill popper
from school. He had a couple of classes with Connors, and thought
he was a dumb fucking asshole.
     He waited till they were beside his car, and honked the horn,
bending low to look through the side window. Connors recognized
him, jerking his hand away from Paige's ass. Paige rolled her eyes
skyward, then slouched over to the car.
     "Shouldn't you have been home about two hours ago?" he
demanded.
     "What are you, my Mother?"
     "Get in the car."
     "Fuck off Jeff, I'm going home soon anyway."
Connors was diplomatically staying back away from the car.
Jeff lowered his voice so only she could hear it.
     "You get your little ass in the car or I'm gonna come out
there and break Connors hand off."
Her eyes narrowed, and she glared at him angrily.
     "I'll do it." he warned.
     "You think you're so fucking tough." she hissed.
     "Uh huh."
She turned to the others.
     "I gotta go." she snarled.
She tore open the door and dropped into the seat, glaring ahead as
the car shot forward.
     "Fucking bully." she hissed.
     "Fucking slut." he replied.
     "Eat shit."
     "You want to tell me what you're doing with a fucking doper
like Connors?"
     "None of your business!"
     "I don't want you hanging around with him. He's bad news."
     "I'll hang around with whoever I fucking want to."
     "No you won't." he grinned tightly.
     "Try and stop me."
     "Don't think I can? I can put the word out at school that
anyone who goes near you dies. How'd you like that?"
She shook her head in anger.
     "You fucking jocks all think you're so tough!"
     "What do you want with that prick anyway? Are you doing
drugs?"
     "No I'm not doing drugs." she snarled.
     "Are you fucking him?"
     "Fuck off."
     "Listen you little bitch. You might be able to pull your shit
with Mom, but you ain't going to with me!"
     "Oh yeah, right. Mr. Brilliant."
     "You're a spoiled little cunt. You know that?"
     "Oh just piss off." she humphed.
               
               *******************************

                        Part Three

     The next day at school, he put some feelers out about Paige
and Connors. It didn't take long to get something back.
     "You sure you want to hear this?" Devon asked warily.
Jeff glared down at him. 
     "I wouldn't have asked otherwise."
     "Okay. Just remember. I'm only repeating what I've heard.
don't hit me or anything."
     "Yeah, yeah."
Devon sighed, and slumped back against the wall.
     "Okay, well, Connors been making a lot of... uh well, he said
he's been screwing her for the last couple of days."
     "Yeah, what else."
     "He's been talking real big, you know, bragging about how
she... screams and stuff. That's what he calls her you know...
Screamer."
     "She doin' drugs."
     "Connors says he's been feeding her some of those little green
pills of his. Says it makes her real happy."
     "Uh huh."

     Paige stormed through the front door, slamming it behind her.
Jeff looked up from his comic book and gazed at her mildly.
     "You fucking bastard!"
     "Yeeeeaaaaaass?" he asked, smugly.
     "You are a dirty fucking, nasty, mean bully."
     "I don't know what you're talking about."
     "You had your goon friends beat up Dave."
     "I don't know any goons."
     "You are a fucking Goon!" she yelled.
     "I didn't tell anyone to beat up anyone."
     "Oh sure!"
     "Maybe it was some junkie."
     "It was John and Phil!" 
     "Oh them. Well, they probably don't like drug dealers anymore
     than I do."
     "They told him they'd fucking kill him if he came near me
again!"
     "That was nice of them."
     "You're all a bunch of brain dead jocks!"
     "Oh fuck off Paige, before I take you across my knee and give
you a spanking."
Her eyes were bulging, and her face red. She was practically
spitting mad, but he turned back to his comic and ignored her.
     "I can go out with whoever I want!"
     "Yeah, but he can't."
     "Pig."
     "Slut."
     "Eat shit and die!"
     "Maybe I should wash your mouth out with soap too."
She stomped her foot on the rug in fury, turned and ran upstairs.
     He grinned happily.

     He turned the handle slowly and noiselessly, and pushed the
door open just wide enough to slip inside. The room was showing the
light of the pre-dawn morning as he glanced around cautiously.
     The only sound in the room was the quiet, even breathing
coming form the bed. He dropped to his knees and crawled over to
beside it, then peered over the top at her sleeping form.
     You're becoming a real professional perv' he thought.He'd
turned off the air conditioning, letting the house become
uncomfortably warm. Sure enough, she'd thrown off the covers, and
was lying there naked. She was sprawled on her back, one foot
hanging off the edge, one arm across her belly, and the other above
her head.
     His eyes feasted on her body, his body trembling at her
closeness. He knelt beside her, his eyes only a foot away from her
rounded breasts. He swallowed nervously, reaching a trembling hand
down to her. 
     His fingers touched her nipple, only slightly, just pressing
the little nubbin inward a little. He bent forward more, his head
going over her chest. Her head was pointed in the opposite
direction. He lowered his face to her proud round tittie, his
tongue moving out between his lips.
     His wet tongue slid over her nipple very lightly, turning,
twisting in slow circles. His groin pressed into the side of the
bed, and he mashed his hard prick against the wood.
     He pulled away, fighting to control his breathing. He shuffled
down the length of the bed to her crotch, and stared at her cunt.
Her legs were open and he could see her slit clearly. It looked so
beautiful from here, the hair light and crinkly, the lips pulled
inward.
     He moved forward, pressing carefully down on the bed. His face
moved into her groin, his tongue out. He touched the center of her
slit, very lightly, then ran his tongue slowly up and down the dark
depression.
     Her right leg was sprawled out to the side. He gently pulled
her left out, moving it inch by inch until her crotch was
completely open to him. His tongue slid along her slit, wetting it,
easing the path. He pushed down with more pressure, his tongue
moving easily in the narrow wet cleft.
     His fingers searched gently at the top of her pussy, locating
the clitoris. His tongue moved against it, rubbing slowly. His body
shivered with lust, tasting her sweetness. 
     He heard her groan, low in her throat, her breathing
disrupted. He stopped, his eyes studying her. Her breathing
steadied, and he bent forward again. His tongue moved along her
slit, and over her clitty again.
     He knew it was wrong, obscene, sick even, but he couldn't seem
to control himself. His tongue continued to move across her clitty.
Her body trembled lightly, shivering against him. She tried to
close her legs, but his hands were on her lower thighs, holding
them in place.
     His slid his tongue deep into her cleft, tasting the tang of
her juice. His tongue slid lightly along her buttocks and thighs,
then back over her clitty.
     She twisted in her sleep, her back arching sideways, her head
rolling. She was breathing faster, her breasts rising and falling.
His eyes watched them move, noted the stiffness of her erect
nipples.
     There was a sudden gasp as her eyes opened. She blinked
slowly, fighting off the daze of her interrupted sleep and the
throbbing heat of her belly.
     "W...wha..."
     For a second he stopped, his mind racing, but there was no
escape. The room was too bright and she'd already seen him. He
jammed his tongue against her clitty, rubbing against it with
whipping, powerful movements. His finger slid into her cleft,
driving down to the knuckle.
     "Wha... Jeff?... JEFF! Wha... What are you..."
     He pumped his finger in and out of her pussy as his tongue
rasped against her clitty.
     "S... Stop! Stooooop," she moaned.
His tongue thrashed back and forth and her ass humped up
instinctively.
     "Jeffffff... S... stop.... No!... Nooooo." she whimpered.
     She tried to pull away, to roll over, but his hands held her
firmly. She pushed feebly at his head, and he suddenly jumped back,
then dove into the bed. He was on her, his groin between her spread
legs. His bulging pecker pushing against her belly through the
fabric of his pants.
     Her wide blue eyes stared up at him in a bewildered daze. He
kissed her, his lips sliding across hers as he crushed her to the
bed.
     "Mmmphhhhhh!" she mumbled, trying to tear her head away.
     "I know you need it Mom." he gasped. "I need it too. I need
you." His hands slid over her breasts, squeezing the soft material.
"N...noooo." she grunted, trying to throw him off.
His hand slid around his shaft, holding it firmly. He pushed the
head against her wet slit and pressed down.
He felt her cuntlips pushed aside, felt them slide around his
cockhead, then felt her warm, wet insides as his cock sank deeper.
     "No Jefffff!" she sobbed.
"Yes." he groaned.
His cock slid deeper as his lips mashed against hers. His hands
were squeezing her breasts, his fingers rubbing her stiff nipples.
     His cock sank to the bottom of her fiery pit, his balls
pressing against her buttocks. He was in her! He was in her! His
cock was buried in her!
     He started pumping, fucking his cock into her with strong
pumping strokes. His mouth was sucking on her throat as she writhed
beneath him. 
"Noooooo," she whined.
     His hands slid beneath her, cupping her small, round ass
cheeks. He jerked her body up against him as he rutted into her. 
     Allyson's body was aflame with sexual fever. Her barely woken
mind was numbed by it, turning her normal waking daze into a
flustered muddle. Her hands beat feebly at him even as her body
responded to his rutting and fondling.
     His cock was sending shocking waves of sexual fire  into her
belly as it slid in and out of her tight cunt tube.
"O...Oh... God!" She was coming. She could feel the fire burning
within her, could feel the oils in her vagina bubbling and boiling
with lust. She rutted her cunt back against him, her arms sliding
around his hard, strong body.
     "Oh God Jefffff!" she groaned.
Her hands slid down his back and onto his ass cheeks. Her fingers
dug into his skin as her lips sought his. She was rabid with lust,
utterly lost to conscious thought beyond the fulfilment of the
desperate sexual passions surging through her.
     Her tongue shot into his mouth, met his. They ground together
furiously. His cock pumped down into her, jammed balls deep. He
twisted, fell aside, rolled over with her atop him. His hands
jammed her buttocks down on his cock as he fucked up into her.
     He rolled again, turning over on top of her again. His hips
slammed down into her, sending his cock ripping down her fuck
channel. Their bodies, sweating in the heat, twisted and rolled
together in a feverish sexual dance.
     Allyson rolled atop him again, pushed herself upright. Her
small hands lay flat on his powerful chest, and she began bouncing
up and down on him. Her eyes closed and her back arched as she
shivered through a blinding orgasm.
     She fell backwards, almost. He raised his legs and her back
dropped against them, her shoulders and head curving back over the
top of his knees and her hands going back onto the bed.
     His hands slid up and down over the taut, skin of her breast,
and his fingers twisted her hard nipples. He bounced on the bed,
rutting his prong up into her, sending her hapless body jouncing
flopping atop him, and adding to the force of his fuckstrokes.
     His knees pulled back, shoving her forward onto his chest. His
hands squeezed her buttocks again as she gasped and whimpered. He
brought his ass up off the bed, driving his prong against her,
slicing between her pussy lips and pistoning into her cleft.
     She pushed herself up again, her eyes wide and frantic. His
cock hammered up into her crotch with brutal speed and power. Each
stroke brought a grunt of pleasure from her trembling lips.
     His hands tightened around her waist and he jerked her up and
down on his prick. Her cunt was a hot, steamy furnace that gripped
and sucked on his cock as he drove up into her.
     "Oh God! Oh God! Oh god!" she gasped.
Her crotch and buttocks slapped wetly down on him as she bounced.
Her tits wobbled and jiggled, and her head rolled from side to
side.
     Then her back arched again and she slammed her slushy crotch
down over his prick. Her body went rigid and her breathing stopped.
A massive orgasm rolled through her. It started in her volcano like
cunt, then flooded like lava up into her belly and chest, then
through her neck to her brain. Her limbs twisted and jerked
uncontrollably and her senses reeled.
     Jeff spewed out a white hot load of sperm. It jetted up into
the sucking cavity that enfolded his tool and seeped into her skin.
She collapsed against his chest, quivering softly.
     His arms slid around her, hugging her against him as his prong
softened within her. He pushed the hair aside from her face,
grinning up at her.
     "Uuuuunngghhh." she groaned, her eyes coming opening.
She stared at him in growing shock, then abruptly pushed against
him, trying to break free.
     "Let me go!" she demanded, in a small quavering voice.
     "Why? I like feeling you against me."
     "Jeff! Stop it! I'm your Mother! How could you... How could
I... This is wrong, it's... it's sick!"
     "I don't think so."
     "Well it is!"
     "I love you and you love me..."
     "Not like this!"
     "What's wrong with this? We both enjoyed it. It was fantastic.
You were fantastic!"
She pulled away from him, jumping up and grabbing for her robe. She
drew it on and turned toward him, her eyes wide and flustered.
     "Now... now you leave."
     He rose from the bed, standing before her naked. His body was
strong, powerful, his pectorals standing out. His hips were slim
and strong, and his semi flaccid cock hung down from his bushy
pubic hair. She averted her eyes, raising her head to stare
defiantly into his eyes.
     "You came... twice."
     "What you did was... wrong."
     "You loved it."
Her lips tightened.
     "I knew you needed a good fuck, so I gave you one."
     "You will not speak to me like that!" she sobbed.
He folded his arms around her and drew her against him, hugging her
tightly. She sobbed against his chest as he stroked her soft hair.
     He pushed her blonde head gently back and kissed her lips. At
first the kiss was soft, warm, but she returned it and his lips
pressed harder. 
     Her tongue shot out into his mouth their lips slid wetly
against each other. His hands gripped the collar of her robe and
pulled it back. It came away from her easily, dropping to the floor
as their naked bodies pressed together.
     Allyson's mind was ablaze with lust. She rubbed her lithe
white body against the powerfully muscled chest and belly of her
son, ignoring the societal prohibitions, ignoring the depravity,
eager only for the satiation of the carnal desires coursing through
her system.
     His body was hard against her, she slid her hand up and down
the large muscular chest, her eyes wide and unblinking, as if
taking in his maleness for the first time. His hands slid up and
down her back, then he moved one downwards onto her small rounded
buttocks, easily cupping both in his large hand.
     Both hands moved onto her ass, lifted her upwards off the
floor. Her legs opened wide and slid around his waist as her mouth
hungrily sought his. Her pussy was wet as it pressed against his
belly and she moaned softly.
     Allyson moved her arms around his strong, wide shoulders,
pressing herself closer to him, wanting to feel his strong muscles
against her swollen breasts and hard little nipples. 
     Jeff grabbed his cock in one hand, already it was hard again.
He pointed it upwards at the center of her womanhood, letting his
pointy cockhead touch the base of her spine, then move inward,
crossing her little asshole and then rubbing along her slit.
     "Jeff... Jeff... Jeff," she moaned.
He pushed upward, jamming the head into her tight cunt opening. She
grunted, rising upward against him, as if moving away from his
penetration. 
     Her breasts were mashed roughly against his chest as she
pressed against him. She groaned loudly as her arms weakened and
she sank downwards onto his prick. It moved upwards into her warm,
soft body, filling her with a hot, urgent need.
     She grated against him, moving her cunt around in circles,
loving the feeling of his huge organ inside her as it twisted in
her belly. She pumped her ass in and out, and up and down, her
movements quickening as her lust mounted higher and higher.
     Jeff turned toward the bed, then knelt and slowly lowered her
to her back, never taking his cock from the fiery depths of her
seething pussy. She humped upward against him even before she
touched the bed, slamming her pussy up onto that hard prong inside
her.
     Jeff's weight crushed her to the bed in a hot, passionate,
loving embrace as he began rutting into her. He could feel her twat
starting to spasm around him and he humped faster. His face pulled
back from hers and she watched her as her face contorted in
orgasmic ecstasy.
     She grunted and moaned, her head shaking from side to side.
Her body shivered against him and he pumped wildly into her to keep
her rising. Then her body arched, a sign of wildly spasming muscles
since it almost lifted his weight from the bed.
     She collapsed in exhaustion, her eyes bare slits as he lay
atop her. Her arms and legs unfolded, dropped aside onto the bed.
He kissed her cheeks, and throat, then began pumping slowly into
her once more.
     His own juices were rising and he desperately needed release
from the burning fire in his loins. He pulled her legs up onto his
shoulders and he began to fuck into her with harsh, long strokes
that sent his hips crashing into her buttocks and made the entire
bed shake.
     Her arms reached above her head, grasping the bed post as her
body was hammered by his heaving, rutting torso. She whined in pain
and pleasure, feeling her own smouldering fires reigniting and
quickly burning hot. His hips smashed down into her as he drove his
fuck tool deep into the source of his own birth.
     His hands moved down onto her chest, engulfing her wildly
jiggling titties and squeezing them repeatedly. Their bodies
bounced on the bed as he rutted franticly, his juices boiling up
and out of him. He exploded into a massive cum.
     Allyson felt his seed flooding down into her belly, scalding
her insides with its fiery heat. She groaned, and then gasped as
she was engulfed in a torrential cum, her body quaking and
shuddering uncontrollably.
     Wad after wad of sizzling white sperm jetted down into her as
his spasming cock emptied his balls into her wet, sucking pussy. 
     Then he collapsed atop her, his chest heaving with exertion.
     She lay spreadeagled beneath him, barely moving. He raised his
head wearily and kissed her on the forehead.

     Jeff turned from his locker as Phil sidled up next to him.
     "It's ten O'clock. Do you know where your sister is?" he
grinned.
     "Ha, ha," Jeff replied, unamused.
     "Do you know where she was last night then?"
Jeff frowned.
     "She was at Karen's till nine or so, then came home."
     "Well, not according to Connors. He was telling 
Dejesus how he pumped her pussy last night."
Jeff's face flattened.
     "No offence man." 
     "Sure."
     "He said he doped her with Quaaludes and him and a couple of
other guys fucked her silly, and reamed out her asshole too."
     "Where is he now?"
     "As a matter of fact, he's out back having a discussion with
Donnie."
     Jeff grinned fiercely.

     He was going over some plays for next weeks game against
Kennedy High, when there was a furious pounding at his bedroom
door.
     "Jeff! You fucker!"
He sat back in his chair and stared upward at the ceiling, then
shrugged impatiently and went to answer the door.
     Paige was standing furiously in the doorway, glaring up at him
in rage.
     "What do you want?" he sighed.
     "You fucking know what I want you cocksucker!"
     "You want me to wash your mouth out with soap right?"
     "You beat up Dave!"
     "Says who?"
     "I know it was you!"
     "Is that what he says?"
     "He can't talk! You broke his jaw!"
     "Probably a customer."
     "He is not a drug dealer!"
     "Not what I heard."
     "You are a sick, nasty, bullying bastard!"
He grabbed her by the arm and pushed her against the door, glaring
down at her.
     "You know he said him and a couple of other guys fucked you
last night?"
She faltered slightly, flushing.
     "He... wouldn't say that."
     "He's a prick. Of course he'd say that. Were you with him
yesterday night when you were supposed to be at Karen's?"
     "None of your business!"
     "He said him and them fucked you in the asshole."
     "You... you are disgusting!"
     "Then he didn't do that huh?"
She turned away in an angry huff, jerking her arm free.
     "Of course if you were taking his little pills, you wouldn't
know what happened anyway, would you?'
She turned and stared fiercely at him.
     "And what if I did fuck him?" she hissed.
"So what? Maybe I like fucking him! Maybe I like fucking a lot of
guys!"
     "Three at a time? I'd like to watch that."
     "I bet you would! You pervert!"
She stomped forward and pointed her finger at him. 
     "I can do whatever I want!"
He gazed at the finger, inches from his face, and wondered wether
to bite it.
     Instead he grabbed it, then turned her around and swatted her
twice on the behind.
She yelped in pain and shock, jumping forward as he let go of her
finger.
     "You're not going to be the school roundheels while I'm
around," he glared.
     "Fuck you!" she screamed, refusing to rub her buttocks, which
still burned with pain.
He took a sudden step forward and she bolted for her room, slamming
it behind her.
     "Spoiled bitch," he called after her.
               
               *******************************

                        Part Four

     Allyson had been out all day. When she returned around five
o'clock, he hurried down to see her. He'd left early for practice,
and hadn't seen her since yesterday night when they'd fucked. He
was worried now about how she was reacting.
     She was wearing a heavy sweater over jeans. Her back was to
him as she unpacked some things and put them away in the cupboards.
He walked up beside her and leaned against the counter a foot away.
     She turned and glanced at him briefly before returning to her
unpacking. 
     "Hi." he said.
     "Hi."
     "Get everything done?"
She nodded.
     "How you feeling?"
     "Fine."
     "That's good."
She unpacked some more things in silence, not looking at him. Her
skin was flushed.
     "How you feel about last night?" he asked.
She faltered, then continued putting things away.
     "Forget it." she said, quietly.
     "No way I can do that, not ever."
     "Well, try."
     "Don't want to."
She stopped, and turned to him, her face set.
     "Jeff." she stopped, considering her words.
"What happened yesterday was a mistake. It shouldn't have happened.
It was my fault and it won't happen again, ever." she glared at
him.
     "Why?"
     "Why?'
He nodded.
     "Why?"
     "You know why," she hissed.
     "Nope, I don't. I liked it. You liked it. I know you came a
bunch of times."
Her skin reddened further.
     "That's not the point," she said, despairingly.
     "Look, you know why incest is supposed to be bad? It's bad
because you get two headed babies and stuff. Well, all that was
before the pill. We don't have to worry about that?" 
He frowned suddenly. 
     "You are on the pill, aren't you?"
     "That's none of your business," she said, in exasperation.
     "Is too. Anyway, I liked fucking you, and I want to do it
again, a lot."
     "Well you can't," she groaned.
"God. If anyone ever found out... What would Paige think?"
     "Who cares what that spoiled little brat thinks?"
     "I do for one," she frowned.
     "She won't find out anyway."
     "Look, we are not going to do that again, and..."
     His hand slid behind her neck, pulling her face to him, and
his mouth fastened tightly against hers. Her lips opened in
surprise as his engulfed them, and his tongue slid forward, moving
into her mouth. His other hand slid down onto her chest, squeezing
her breast as she struggled weakly against him.
     She pushed franticly on his chest, and tried to pull her head
away. She could feel her juices starting to rise, feel her pussy
instantly begin to lubricate and ignite as his hand moved over her
breast.
     She was backed against he counter with nowhere to escape as
his hungry mouth slid against hers and his hand slid down between
her legs. He cupped her crotch tightly, and a searing blaze of heat
shot up her spine. 
     Finally, she twisted away, shoving him back, and staggering
backwards.
     "J... Jeff," she gasped.
     "I know. That was dumb. Paige is upstairs after all. I'll
wait," he grinned. He turned and walked out of the kitchen, leaving
her shivering slightly. Her legs unconsciously opened and closed,
squeezing her pussy, and she caught her hand just as she was
reaching for her groin.
     When he got back to his room, his eyes opened in stunned
amazement. Bits of white paper were scattered all over the floor
from wall to wall. He leaned down and picked some up. One had a
piece of a curved arrow on it. He glanced up quickly to his desk,
and saw the playbook missing.
     "Fucking bitch," he hissed, furiously.
     He stormed out of his room and down the hall to Paige's door.
It was locked. He grinned nastily. The lock was one of those
bedroom locks meant for privacy, not keeping out burglars or
anything. It had a little hole in the middle of the doorknob and
required only a stiff piece of wire to unlock.
     He grabbed a coathanger from the closet and straightened the
end, then moved back to her door. He pushed the end of the
coathanger into the little hole and felt the knob turn under his
hand.
     He shoved the door open. Paige was standing by her bed, clad
only in a tiny pair of string bikini panties and matching half bra.
She whirled around and yelped in surprise as he stomped into the
room.
     "You think that was funny, you little slut?"
She rushed towards the closet, but he grabbed her arm, twirling her
around and dragging her to a chair. 
     He sat down and pulled the struggling her across his lap.
"You want to act like a spoiled little bitch and I'll treat you
like one," he yelled.
His hand slapped down on her upturned buttocks, making a loud
CRACK. Paige cried out in pain, her body thrashing franticly.
     He easily pinned her two small hands together and brought his
hand down on her ass again, and again, and again, and again.
     Paige squalled and shrieked and cursed as his hand repeatedly
came down on her quickly reddening buttocks. Her tiny bikini
panties were no protection at all as his big hand continued to
assault her tender ass cheeks.
     She was both furious and mortified, not to mention in pain
from his whacking hand. There was nothing she could do about it
though. She felt her ass burn hotter and hotter as he continued to
spank her harshly. She knew it must be red as an apple now. It felt
like it was glowing with heat.
     Jeff gave her a few more spanks. Her small panties had pulled
up between her asscheeks, leaving them mostly bare. He saw how red
they were and figured that was enough. He dumped her on the floor
and stood up, pointing his finger at her.
"You behave like a child again and you'll get more of the same," he
warned.
     "Bastard," she half sobbed.
He turned and left. The door slammed shut behind him.
     Paige glared furiously at the closed door, checking to make
sure it was locked this time. How could she be so fucking stupid as
to forget to lock it anyway? She was sure it had been locked.
     She stripped down her panties and turned her ass to the full
length mirror on her wall, examining herself in it. Her ass was a
bright cherry red, matching the hot ache she felt from down there.
She touched it lightly with her hand and winced slightly.
     She noticed suddenly that not all the heat was coming from
that side of her. She turned away, picking up her panties to put
them on again. Her eyes noted the dark damp spot at the center, and
she glanced down at herself in surprise. 
     She slid a hand down between her legs and slid a finger along
her slit. It came away soaking wet. She couldn't believe it, but
abruptly realized that not all the heat she was feeling was from
her ass.

     His Mom said goodnight with a kind of calm wariness, as if
expecting something from him. He replied in a nonchalant manner and
she left. He waited twenty minutes or so before going to her door. 
     It was locked. He grinned at it. Neither one of them seemed to
understand what the little hole in the knob was for and how easy it
was to get through these.
     He got his trusty hanger and went back, pushing it into the
hole and turning the knob. 
     He set it down and then pushed the door open and went through.
It was dark inside as he closed the door behind him. It wasn't too
dark to see her small white form sitting up in bed, staring at him
through wide eyes.
     He moved towards her.
     "Jeff. Go away," she breathed.
     "Not right now Mom."
     He dropped his pyjama bottoms and stood next to the bed naked.
She swallowed nervously as she looked up at his naked body. He was
outlined clearly in a shaft of moonlight that came through the
mirror. The shadowy light played across his muscular frame, making
him look like a one of those greek statues in the museum. Except
for...
     She swallowed again, and her breathing quickened. Jesus he was
big. His cock was easily ten inches and was pointing straight out
from his body, straight at her face.
     He pulled the covers away, revealing her nude form. She
scrambled backwards, sitting curled up in the far corner of the
bed. He smiled and bent forward, his hand sliding around her thing,
delicate ankle. He pulled her towards him, as she whimpered
slightly.
     He pulled her along the bed till her ass was right on the
edge, then he abandoned her leg, grabbing her wrist instead,
hauling her up to a sitting position. 
     His cock was right in front of her face, and her eyes stared
at it as if transfixed. He pushed it toward her lips, and they
slowly parted. His cockhead pressed against them, forced them wider
as it slowly slid between them.
     Allyson moaned as the cockhead moved into her mouth. She
tasted the pre-cum on the tip, and licked it. The taste sent a
shiver through her system. She began sliding her tongue up and down
the thick shaft, paying specially attention to the head.
     Her lips started to rub up and down the shaft as her head
bobbed forward and back. Her hands came up and slid up and down his
thighs, then moved around to cup and squeeze his buttocks. Her
fingers dug deep grooves in the flesh as she kneaded the skin.
     His hand was on the back of her head, tangled in her hair,
forcing her movements. He wanted her to swallow his cum and began
rutting against her face.
     He stood straight as a board, his hands both on her head,
helping her mouth engulf his big prong. His eyes closed as his cock
sang with excitement. 
     Then he felt his gut heave, felt his cock spasm, and the sperm
spray out through the end. He held her face over him as he shot his
wads into her mouth.
     "Oh yeah," he groaned. "Suck it Mom. Swallow my juice!"
His prick softened only slightly as he pulled out of her. He pulled
her up and hugged her tightly enough to make her wince in pain. His
mouth sought hers, and they kissed deeply.
     Then he pulled away, turning her around and pushing her
forward onto the bed. He  stood behind her as she knelt at the edge
of the bed. His eyes closed briefly and he sighed in wonderment at
the splendid sight of her ass displayed before him.
     "God you've got a gorgeous little ass, Mom," he groaned.
     He moved against her, taking his prick in his hand and pushing
the end against her oily cunt chute. He slid easily into her,
pushing eight inches of his cock into her crotch hole before there
was any difficulty. 
     He pulled backward, and then thrust forward once more, making
her whimper. This time all ten inches slid into her belly as she
grit her teeth to take it.
     He stood unmoving, his hips pressed to her buttocks, his balls
rubbing against her pussy lips, and his cock fully embedded in her
tight, sucking, wet sheath. He could feel her body throb around his
cock, felt the beat of her heart through her frame.
     His hands rubbed her ass cheeks, revelling in the soft, smooth
warmth. He moved his hands upward along her back to her shoulders,
then down along her sides. He moved them beneath her to cup her
hanging titties, kneading the fleshy bags of meat as she sighed in
pleasure.
     His hips pulled backward, and two, four, six, then eight
inches of cock meat slid out of her round hole. He held still,
examining the slit wrapped around his prick, watching where their
bodies were joined.
     He pushed forward, easing his cock back into her, watching as
inch after inch disappeared into that dark hole, until his hips 
were pressing against her once more.
     He slid in and out of her with long, easy strokes. He was
unhurried, enjoying the slow, measured fuck. His hands continued to
slide over her body, stroking her silky skin. 
     At first she knelt there unmoving. Then as her belly started
to churn and her crotch ached with rasping need, she began shoving
her ass back to meet his strokes.
     "You need it don't you? You need a stiff cock don't you baby,"
he groaned.
     He picked up the pace, thrusting into her with more force and
speed. Her cunt was snapping and sucking at his cock as it drove
through the slick, oiled tunnel. She began to moan quietly as they
rutted.
     His hand slid down under her belly and between her legs. He
pushed on her clitty, holding it against his prick as he pumped
into her with a short, sawing grind.
She yelped and then shuddered. She dropped her face forward onto
the bed, and her hands came down onto her breasts, squeezing them
tightly.
     She gurgled in pleasure as she came. Her body shook against
him, her cunt trying to tear his cock off with it's hot, sucking
power. He kept pumping into her, pushing her clitty against his
meat as it rasped in and out. 
     She slowly came down from her orgasm. Her breathing slowed,
and she pushed up on her hands again, grinding her ass back onto
his prick.
     "Fuck me! Fuck me faster! Harder," she gasped.
     His hands slid up onto her shoulders and he began to really
pound his fuck tool down her churning tunnel. Her buttocks trembled
and bounced as he smashed repeatedly into them. His prick drove
deep into her hole, rutting and tearing at her tender skin.
     She cried out in pleasure and her cunt erupted around his
plunging cocktool. Her fuckbox twisted and spasmed, squeezing and
massaging his prong. Then he spilled his seed into her again,
feeling it shoot out the end of his cock with a terrible force.
     Afterward they lay together in her bed. His hand stroked her
skin lightly.
     "Paige would go crazy." she sighed, berating herself.
     "Paige is a slut anyway."
     "Don't talk about your sister like that," she said,
automatically.
     "Everyone else is."
     "I'm sure she's a good girl."
     "You don't think she's a virgin do you?" He grinned down at
her.
     "I know she's fucking David Connors. She practically admitted
it to me anyway."
     "I should talk to her," she sighed.
     "And tell her what, not to fuck?" he shook his head.
"She's not going to listen to you."
     "Well, she's on the pill at least," Allyson sighed.
     "That's good."

     He was coming back to his room the next afternoon, when he
spotted Paige sneaking out of it.
     "What were you doing in my room," he demanded.
     She jumped, then gave him a strange appraising look, which
turned almost instantly to a sneering pout. She ignored his
question, walking back to her room and closing the door.
     He opened the door to his room. The floor was covered in
little pieces of paper again. She'd ripped up his new playbook. He
stared around in disbelief. 
     "God Damned Fucking little bitch!"
     He stormed down the hall, coat hanger in hand. Her door
though, wasn't locked. He dumped the hanger and threw the door
open. She was standing at the mirror, and she turned around,
unsurprised, glaring snottily at him.
     "Yes?" 
     "You little slut!"
     "Up yours," she sniffed.
     He grabbed her by the arm, and she winced as his fingers dug
into her flesh. He dropped into the chair again, hauling her across
his lap.
     She was wearing a small white mini skirt. He  furiously pulled
it up over her ass, while she kicked and squirmed, cursing
violently. Her ass was naked, he saw with surprise. She wasn't
wearing any panties. Little slut, he thought angrily.
     His hand cracked down against her naked buttocks, leaving a
large red handprint across the white in. She yelped and tried to
block him with her hands, but he pinned them together at the small
of her back.
     He slapped down hard on her ass cheeks again, and began
rhythmically cracking, and slapping his hand down on her round
buttocks. She stopped cursing and squalling, instead gasping with
each new blow, and breathing heavily in between. The room echoed to
the loud, snapping crack of his hand against her skin as her ass
turned an angry red.
     Her entire ass burned with heat. Each new blow sending a short
but shocking burst of pain through her system. Paige stared down at
the floor as her body jerked beneath the repeated impacts. Her
crotch itched terribly as her heat changed in nature and spread
throughout her belly.
     She tried to rub her tits against the side of his leg, and was
partially successful. It was hard to move with her hands held
together. That too added to her excitement though, not being able
to move her hands, being helpless.
She squeezed her legs tightly together and groaned silently.
     She felt her body buzzing and pulsing with sexual fire, and
her hands fought now, not to protect her pained ass, but to get at
her pussy. Luckily, he held them still.
     His hand cracked down once more, and then he pushed her off,
letting her tumble to her back in front of the chair. He stood up,
his eyes noting her slight growth of blonde pubic hair, and the
darker outline of her slit beneath it.
     "Next time You won't sit down for a month," he glared. He
turned and left, slamming the door behind him. Paige's hands dove
for her cunt. She drove three fingers knuckle deep into fiery cunt
box as she rubbed against her clitty. 
     She lay on her back, her knees bent, legs spread as far apart
as they would go. Her fingers pumped in and out of her cuntslit as
she squeezed her tits through the thin material of her dress. Her
body shook in terrible spasms as she came furiously.

     Jeff watched her through a thin crack in the door as she
stuffed her fingers in and out of her fuck hole. He swallowed in
astonishment as her body trembled and her back arched. He could see
her fingers disappearing into her crotch slit as she came, and his
cock poked stiffly against the fabric of his jeans.
     He should go in there and stuff his prick down her tight
little hole! He should fuck her till she cried out in pain! His
body shook in indecision. She was just a kid though, a voice said.
She's a slut who fucks three guys at once, another voice said,
anyway, she's not much younger than you.
     But... but...
     He turned away, moving toward the stairs and taking them three
at a time. Allyson was just coming out of the kitchen. She was
wearing the football jersey. He growled as she looked at him
curiously.
     He moved right up next to her.
"What..." she started to ask.
His hands seized the bottom of the jersey and tore it upwards,
pulling it right up over her head and throwing it off as she yelped
in surprise. She was completely naked underneath.
     "Jeff!" She looked franticly toward the stairs.
He didn't have time for explanations. He jerked her to the floor
right there in the living room, falling atop her. 
     "No... no... Not here! Jeff!"
     He tore his bulging cock loose from his pants and drove it
deep into her cunt with a single furious lunge. She yelped and
gasped in pain at the sudden penetration.
     His weigh pressed her to the floor irresistibly. His cock
began hammering in and out of her cunt box with a terrible, demonic
fury, almost knocking the breath from her. He didn't care if Paige
saw. If she came down right now, he'd fuck her too!
     He rammed his prick down his Mom's cunt tube, feeling her
insides moisten rapidly to accommodate his driving, rutting prong.
His hands were on her wrists and he held them apart against the
floor above her head as he stared wildly down at her.
     Jism spewed out of his prick, and flooded her belly. He kept
pumping though. His steel hard cock pistoned in and out of her with
irresistible force. He came again, spraying more juice into her. He
kept pumping, and soon her body shook beneath him.
     "Cum!" He fucked harder into her, driving his angry red cock
down her fuck hole with a deadly, savage force.
     "Cum you bitch! Fucking slut!" he gritted.
     He jammed his prick deep into her. His hands dropping hers and
sliding under her to cup her buttocks. He pulled upward on her ass,
his cock erupting yet again. He wanted to make sure every last inch
of prick was in her as his juice gushed out.
     Allyson was overwhelmed by the sudden attack. At first all she
could do was try and ease her cunt muscles so it wouldn't hurt too
much. But her body heated up quickly under the furious onslaught,
and soon she was burbling in ecstasy herself. 
     When he came in her a second time her body shivered and
trembled under the hot steamy heat of it. When he came a third
time, her body joined the conflagration, exploding in raw carnal
lust as her twat tried to suck every last drop of cock juice into
it.
               
               *******************************

                       Part Five

     Jeff wasn't sure what to do about Paige. She continued to
treat him with snotty superiority, calling him names, insulting him
and his football prowess. It was like she wanted him to spank her,
and he thought she must get off on it. He was afraid of what his
Mom would think of that though. He didn't want to ruin what he had
with her after all.
     Paige was making it hard though. She had begun to prance
around the house in next to nothing, wearing these thing little
nighties that she'd outgrown, and that were so thin he could
practicly see right through them. 
     She was doing a lot of sunbathing too, he noticed. She used to
wear a robe through the house till she got out back, in order to
avoid his insults or comments. Now she wore her bikini in front of
him, finding excuses to keep coming through the living room and
putter about there.
     The bikini she wore was the one she'd bought last year too.
Her mom had never let her wear it out in public. Its tiny cups
barely covered her nipples, and the bottom was a thong, it left her
ass cheeks uncovered and only a thin V of material covered her
crotch.
     How was it, he wondered, that he'd never noticed her body
before. She had a fantastic body! Her breasts were big and firm,
her ass was a perfect pair of round globes
Her face was sweet and pretty, and surrounded by thick silky a
blonde hair. The thought of her being fucked now filled him with
excitement and lust, rather than anger.
     He'd spanked her twice more, each time she'd been wearing a
short skirt and no panties. Each time he had gotten a damp patch on
the side of his leg and had peeked through the door to watch her
bring herself off. 
     Yesterday, he'd been unable to resist sliding his hand over
her ass before and after he'd spanked her. His fingers had,
accidentally of course, moved down between her legs and brushed her
wet cunt opening. The feel of her pubic hair against his hand had
almost made him cum in his pants.
     Now here he was in his room, with yet another playbook torn
up. His cock was already rock hard in anticipation of his hand
spanking that nasty little ass of hers. 
     He moved down the hall, pausing outside her door. His hand
turned the knob, but he didn't open it. Then he heard a low moan
from the other side. He pushed the door open. 
     Paige was naked on her bed. She was on her knees, and propped
up on her right shoulder. Her right hand was buried in her crotch,
and her left...
His eyes bugged out as he saw her left hand closed around... it was
a dildo, he knew. He'd never seen one but...
     It was a good, well, twenty inches or so long. Paige's fingers
couldn't fold all the way around the thickness of the massive
rubber cock. She had a good hold on it nevertheless, and she was
pumping it slowly in and out of her cunt mouth.
     Jeff watched in stunned silence as she pulled the whole thing
out and then brought the head around to her mouth. She opened her
lips wide and sucked the cock in, licking and slurping on it for
several second.
     Ten she pulled it loose from her mouth and moved it against
her cunt opening. She jammed it forward, sliding a good eight
inches or so down into her dark cunt tunnel.
     He moved forward into the room, his prick knocking against his
pants with its desire to escape. Paige's eyes were half closed, but
she was looking straight at him as he approached.

     Paige's heart gave a leap as she saw him coming toward her.
Her skin flushed dark red in embarrassment, at the picture she knew
she presented. At the same time though, she was more excited than
she could ever remember being. It was so perverted and disgusting
to pump her pussy with the dildo while he watched.
     Instead of stopping though she pumped it faster, her eyes
watching his as he approached. Her body shuddered in sexual passion
as she performed for him. She needed him, only him. Whatever he did
to her, she didn't care, anything was all right with her.
     She wanted him to fuck her though, to fuck her hard and long
and deep. She wanted to be royally FUCKED! She slid the rubber
prick in and out of herself, wondering what he was thinking. His
bulging pants gave some indication, and she gasped at the thought
of what he'd do with what was in there.

     He stood just beside the bed, watching as she moved the fuck
tool in and out of her cunt. He could see the wetness of her pussy
clinging to the rubber as it slid in and out. 
     Paige was gasping, and moaning as she squeezed her titties and
jammed the dildo into her cunt. She looked up at him wretchedly.
     Unaccountably, he was angry. Slut, he thought furiously.
Whore! His eyes narrowed as he watched her fuck herself with the
rubber cock. 
     Then his hand moved forward. He grabbed the thick rubber and
drove it brutally forward. Paige cried out in pain, her body rising
upright from the bed. He jammed the dildo viciously into her,
pressing brutally against the end of her fuck box.
     She tried to twist around, but he grabbed her hair, pulling
her back against him. He jerked her hair savagely, making her cry
out in pain again. Her back arched as he pulled her head way back.

     Paige mewled in desperate pleasure as her hair was pulled
back. She could feel her hair tearing from her scalp, feel her
spine bending backward, feel the skin around her chest and titties
stretch tautly as her swollen breasts were squeezed against her
ribs.
     That huge fat dildo was hurting her now as he slammed it deep
up her cunt tunnel. She couldn't close her legs because of it's fat
bulk. The head of it was rubbing and mashing against something deep
inside of her, sending waves of pain, mixed with a deadly sexual
fever through her body   
     He pulled the dildo down her cunt and then rammed it up into
her again, practically jerking her into the air with the force of
the thrust. She sobbed in dazed triumph. He jerked the thing down
her fuck tube again and then again slammed it upward, this time
actually lifting her briefly off the bed.
     Paige could feel it going higher and higher inside her and
wondered if he would actually push the entire thing into her little
cunt, wondered if he intended to kill her. She groaned and shook
her ass at him as she tempted him to more savagery.
     Fuck me, she wanted to say. Fuck the thing so high in me it
comes out my mouth! She felt the thickness of the rubber tool as he
jammed it in and out of her and her mouth opened in a soundless
scream of pleasure. She felt her cunt spasming and spasming as her
body gloried in the sexual satiation of the brutal fucking.

     Her eyes were wild and staring, and her mouth open in shock.
     She was still struggling weakly against him as he pulled back
and hammered the thing up her cunt again, lifting her into the air
for a good second.
     Then her body stiffened and she gave a long, loud cry of
animal excitement. Even through the long, thick rubber, he could
feel her cunt shaking and spasming around the dildo. Her mouth
opened wide and her eyes stared upward in stunned amazement. Her
body shook and quivered in his hands as he twisted the thick dildo
round and round inside her twat.
     He let go of her hair, and she collapsed forward onto her
face. Her body writhed and convulsed on the bed as orgasm after
orgasm rolled through her shivering, quaking  body. She curled and
twisted, her eyes bulging. Her hands reached down between her legs,
grasping weakly for the dildo. 
     Jeff threw her body forward onto the bed, tearing the dildo
out of her fuck tube. She gave a low whimper of anguish as her cunt
was emptied. His hands slid under her belly, lifting her up onto
her knees, and turned her toward the side of the bed.
     His cock was ready to explode as he pressed it against her
drooling twat hole. He rammed his hips forward, driving his cock
balls deep into her quivering spasming slit. She squalled again,
and he seized her by the side of the waist, his fingers bruisingly
tight.

     Oh God Yes! He had finally pushed his big fat cock up into her
pussy. She could feel it pulsing and throbbing inside her belly as
he ground his hips into her ass. Her body delighted in the
penetration, in the sudden filling of her pussy tube with a live,
fleshy piece of male meat. Her cunt sucked on it greedily.
     Paige groaned in numbed wonder. Her body was coming apart,
overwhelmed by the furious flood of sexual stimuli. She squeezed
down with her cunt muscles, milking her brother's cock for all she
was worth.

     He started rutting against her, slamming his raging hard-on
into her cunt with savage animal like power. His ass was a
triphammer as he pistoned his prick in and out of his sister's
drooling, quivering cunt tube.
     He felt her cuntskin around his throbbing shaft and exulted in
the feeling of heat and tightness. His cock rod moved furiously
within the shivering girl, tearing up and down her tunnel. 
     She wailed and her head ground against the bed as she shook it
franticly. Her hands flopped and slapped at the blankets as he
thrust into her. His hands slid under her and grabbed her breasts,
his fingers opening and closing roughly as he kneaded and squeezed
the meaty mounds.
     His attitude towards her was completely different than that
towards his Mother. His mother was sweet, innocent, naive, pretty
and generous. Paige was a bitch as well as a slut. His excitement
came as much from using her like this, from dominating her, fucking
the shit out of her.
     His hand slapped down hard on her right buttock, bringing a
yelp of pain from the girl. He slapped her again, then again. His
hands slid back around her hips, jerking her slim body back to meet
his powerful thrusts.
     His hands slid over her, roughly fondling and squeezing her
soft warm skin. It infuriated him that she had provoked him into
doing this when he hadn't wanted to. He hammered his cock into her,
ignoring the squeaking protests as his hips slammed painfully into
her tight little ass.
     "Slut," he hissed, jerking her back towards him as he lunged
forward. His long, fat cock split her snatch and ripped back and
forth in her lower belly, jerking and shaking her body furiously.
     He slammed his cock high up into her snatch, and held it
there, moving his hips in slow circles as he mashed the end of his
cockknob against the deepest parts of her fuck pit. 
     He felt the surging buildup to orgasm as his cock swelled even
further, stretched even longer. Then his jism spewed down into her,
flooding into her belly, filling her with it's gooey, salty heat.
     He groaned, almost collapsing on her, letting her cunt box
squeezed every drop of seed out of him. His prick softened and he
pulled it free, gazing down at her sprawled form in confusion and
a little regret. He got up and shambled out of the room, not
looking back at her.
     That night he rode his Mom to several long shuddering orgasms,
driving his cock deep into her hole as she whined and whimpered
beneath him. 
     He was confused by the two women. He thought his preying on
his Mother had been just a simple case of lusting after a beautiful
woman who happened, by chance to be related to him. What was he
doing fucking Paige then? 
     Well, she was undoubtedly beautiful too. Yet, there was
something else, he knew. There was something about fucking the two
of them that brought him to a boil, faster and higher boil than any
other girl. He loved his mother, and fucked her tenderly, if
firmly. 
     Paige, well... Paige was... a snotty little brat, he thought,
and a slut. His discipline might do some good for her before she
got beyond repair. If he had treated her like a cheap whore, it was
only because she was one.
     What was he supposed to do when he found her pounding her hole
with that big dildo anyway? Anyone would have fucked the little
bitch! He wondered though, what either of them would do if they
knew he was fucking the other.

     That afternoon, he didn't even bother waiting for Paige to do
something bad. As soon as she got home he went to her room and
locked the door behind him. She turned in surprise as he came in,
and her eyes widened when he locked the door behind him.
     She didn't move as he came over to her and stood over her. His
hands went to her jeans, unfastening the belt, and then unsnapping
the pants. She just stood there, looking up at him. He pulled down
her zipper and then shoved her pants down. 
     He pushed her back onto the bed, tearing her pants down off
her and then grabbing her panties. He tore the thing elastic,
ripping the things in half and pulling them free. She was naked
below the waist now, clad only in a thin halter top with spaghetti
straps.
     He grabbed her arm, jerking her upright and then sat down,
bringing her across his knee. Paige whimpered slightly, but pushed
her ass up and spread her legs for him. 
     "You little whore." he sneered. 
His hand slapped down across both ass cheeks, making her jerk, and
cry out in pain. 
     "Shut the fuck up." he ordered. He slapped her again, and
again, and again. He began beating her ass with a steady rhythm as
she whined and groaned and pushed her ass back at him.
     He stopped spanking her, bringing his hand back and stiffening
his fingers. He thrust sharply forward, driving two fingers deep
into her twat. She cried out and jerked against him. She ground her
hips against his legs and humped back at his fingers.
     He finger fucked her, adding a third finger, then a fourth. He
pumped them in and out of her, feeling her hot, wet cunt shiver
around him. 
     He pulled his fingers free and began spanking her again,
slapping his palm down across her reddening ass cheeks. He gave her
ten or twenty good whacks, then slammed two fingers up her cunt
again.
     Paige mewled in pleasure, twisting, trying to grab his hand
with hers. He slapped her away. He pulled his fingers free, then
slapped his hand down hard against  her soft, fleshy pubic mound,
She gave a low gasp and cried out in blazing pain. 
     He slapped his hand down over her pussy again, this time the
pain was overridden by a deep, terrible heat.
     He slapped her pussy again, and she came with a thunderous
boiling fury. her body jerked and humped and writhed against him as
he studied her with narrowed eyes.
     He waited until her movements began to subside, and then
slapped his hand down on her pussy again, once, twice, thrice, four
times. She came again, her mind reeling from the pounding,
eruptions inside her loins. Her legs pumped, her toes scratching
against the rug as her limbs shook and trembled.
     He spanked her cunt again, and once again she came, her chest
aching, and her guts tearing from the terrible, extended orgasm.
     He spanked her again, and again, and again, and each time she
came with a powerful, unrelenting fury. Each time her orgasm was
higher, and more extended than the one before. She thought she must
surely go mad with the savage, unrestrained crescendo of
thunderous, body wide explosions.
     He threw her on the floor and dropped onto her, throwing her
legs apart and jamming his bulging cock down into her pussy hole. 
     He fucked her furiously, pounding his swollen prick into her
with enough force to drive her through the floor. His hips slammed
down painfully hard against her inner thighs as she groaned and
drooled and shook beneath him.

     They seldom talked much, if at all. There seemed no need of
talk. He did what he wanted, and Paige did what he wanted. When he
was finger fucking her the next afternoon though, he had a new
idea. He'd gotten it from the winking little anus he'd been staring
at while he beat her ass.
     He pulled his finger out of her steamy twat and pushed it
against her asshole. She'd groaned in startled pleasure, then
shaken her ass against him as he pumped his finger in and out of
her asshole.
     He'd dumped her on the floor and dragged her up between his
spread legs so her face was near his cock.
     "Suck me off Paige." he ordered.
She immediately slipped her lips around his cockhead, and slid them
downward inch by inch. She bobbed her pretty little head up and
down on his prick as he sat there watching.
     When he was satisfied with her work he pushed her away again.
"Get on your hands and knees," he ordered.
She pushed herself up off the floor shakily, as he knelt behind he.
He pushed his cock against her asshole and drove forward, jamming
the fat cockhead against her tightly closed little hole.
     She gasped in pain and startlement, but didn't try to get away
or complain. He worked his cock in and out in sharp little jabs and
pulls, gradually forcing it deeper into her rectum. He'd never
fucked a girl in the asshole before, and the very notion excited
him tremendously.
     Paige groaned and wiggled her ass against him. He slapped her
ass to make her stop, and continued his slow, steady penetration of
her ass chute.
     He pushed his erection all the way into her, burying it in her
tight, sucking hole. Then he started to rut in and out. He loved
the tight confining feel of her anus around his cockshaft as it
moved back and forth within her. He loved the sight of his prick
disappearing into the little round hole.
     It must have hurt her, but Paige gave off only quiet whimpers
and grunts as he pushed it deeper. When he started fucking against
her she humped and rutted her ass back against him furiously,
slapping her ass against his belly with a terrible, fierce ardour.
     He began really fucking her in earnest, slamming his prick up
and down her anus with a brutal lunging stroke that set her body
rocking and bouncing on the rug. His hips slammed into her
buttocks, cracking painfully against the small rounded flesh,
bruising the tender skin and delicate bones.
     His tool skewered her anus with jarring, ferocious strokes
that made her gasp in pain and numbed pleasure. She squeezed her
asshole down around his tool as it moved back and forth. Her tits
wobbled up and down, jiggling furiously in time to the pumping,
rutting motion of her body.
     She came, clamping down so hard on her rectum he thought his
prick would tear off. He gasped, and cried out in pain, then
pleasure, as his prong erupted, spraying seed into her like a high
pressure fire hose.
Her asshole drank it all down, sucking it deep into her bowels, and
gurgling for more.
     She fell forward onto her shoulders, her hands going under her
and rubbing between her legs as he continued to pound his meat up
and down her tight little asshole. He drove it far into her,
reaming out her cupcake ass with cruel rutting blows.
     He hammered his hips against her ass, smashing her from her
knees, knocking her flat onto the floor. Her breasts were squashed
beneath her and her hips ground into the rug as he continued to
hammer his dick into her anus.
     His hips pounded, slicing his dick between her little ass
cheeks and driving it down her rectum all the way to her
intestines. He shot again, jerking, and spasming atop her, his
entire lower body bouncing up and down with jarring, crashing
force. 
     Paige cried out in pain as his fat cock tore into her guts.
She opened her mouth to scream, then her body shuddered and
convulsed in terrible gut wrenching cramps and orgasm. Her mind
blew apart and her eyes rolled back in her head. 
     Jeff's limbs spread out from his body in a rigid X shape. His
hands and feet pawing and scraping at the rug. He dragged himself
forward, his cock still hard, and embedded in Paige's anus. He
crawled up her body, his prick jammed in her, and he began to shove
her forward with him.
     His cock up her asshole thrust up into her with ferocious
pressure, dragging her along as if tied to him, as if hooked to him
by his hard, fat cock. The base of his cock pressed and shoved
against her pubic bone, throwing her forward along the carpet.
     She collapsed in unconsciousness, and he shuddered a final
time and then fell breathless atop her. The last of his cock juice
seeped down into her rectum and his prick softened. He stumbled to
his feet and groggily pulled up his pants.
     He looked down at Paige, lying spreadeagled on her belly, her
asshole gaping open, and thin trickling white juice leaking from
the wide hole.

     The problem was, he was starting to let his furious fucking
sessions with Paige affect his fucking with his Mom. He caught
himself several times that evening, really pounding it into her
twat. He knew from a few days using Paige, that this screwing left
purplish and blue bruises behind, and didn't want to do that to his
Mom. He just couldn't seem to help himself.
     She didn't complain though, not that she would. He'd come to
realize some things about his Mom since he'd started to fuck her.
She could only seem to relate to men in two ways that he could see.

     She treated casual acquaintances and strangers with a sort of
sweet politeness. Talking to her about his, and Paige's fathers
though, and watching her behaviour around him, he came to realize
that men who were her lovers, they were completely different. 
     Lord knows she'd never shown a lot of toughness against other
men, but against her lovers she was utterly passive and obedient.
She never argued with him about anything now, allowing him to make
all decisions he wanted. 
     She never complained about anything he did to her, in or out
of bed, even when he knew she didn't like it. She was like a little
puppy, eager to please, and willing to do anything he said. Since
he'd been fucking her, she'd started to rely on him to take charge
of things.
     He shouldn't really mind, and he didn't, but it was awkward
keeping his relationship with her separate from his relationship
with Paige. 
     He'd decided to stop trying. He was going to let them each
know what he was doing with the other. What could they do anyway?
His Mom would do whatever he said, and Paige... well Paige was a
stupid little slut who'd better do what she was told if she knew
what was good for her.
               
               *******************************

                       Part Six

     He put his plan into effect the next morning. It was painfully
simple. First he stripped Paige naked, then tied her spreadeagled
on her bed. He stuffed the dildo into her pussy, and left. 
     He went back to his Mom's room. She was still sleeping
soundly. He pulled the sheets away from her and began sliding his
tongue over her nipples. He munched softly on them, bringing them
erect. His hands stroked along her breasts, making them swell with
lust.
     She woke up and grinned at him. He grinned back and began
playing her body with more firmness. His hands slid down over her
belly, between her legs. He squeezed her mound and began working
his fingers between her pussy lips.
     She wettened and he worked harder, sliding and rasping his
thumb and fingers over her clitty. She was grunting and moaning,
her chest heaving with exertion. His fingers rolled her clitty
between them, then he backed off, just sitting there as she
whimpered and looked up at him in desperation.
     He smiled and shook his head. Her hands moved down to her
pussy but he slapped them away gently, forcing her legs even
further open. He did nothing to her as she humped up piteously,
wanting his hands on her.
     After several minutes, she began to cool down, though the
buzzing ache in her loins didn't stop. He bent forward and seized
her clitty between his lips, rubbing and sucking on it. His hands
slid up her body, stroking gently across her skin.
     He reached her breasts and squeezed them with his hands, then
seized her two nipples in his fingers and rolled them, pinching
them tightly as she squeaked in protest. She humped her crotch up
at him as his tongue whirled and danced on her pussy slit and
clitty.
     Ten he stopped again, backing off. He stood up, pushing her
legs far apart. She still humped up at him.
     "Jeffffffff!" she whined.
     "Just a minute."
     "Do meeeee." she groaned.
     "I will. I'll do you so hard it'll come out your ears."
Her eyes widened and she tried to grab him with her hands.
     "No, no. Hold on. I want you to just lay there with your legs
apart, just like that. Don't touch yourself at all." He took her
small hands and placed them on the headboard above her. 
     "Hold your hands there, and keep your legs apart." he ordered,
pointing his finger at her.
She whimpered but did as he told her, looking up at him from those
wide blue eyes.
     He left her and went back to Paige's room. She hadn't moved of
course. He grabbed the dildo and stuffed it deep into her cunt,
making her yelp with the sudden pain.
     He pulled it back down her cunt chute and held it still. 
     "Fuck it, slut girl." he hissed.
     "Fuck your dildo. Come on, hump your little ass up."
She gave a strangled gasp and threw her hips upward, driving her
cunt against the dildo.
     "Come on. You can do better than that!"
     She started bouncing her ass up and down on the bed, rutting
against the dildo he held there. She fucked herself into a frenzy
as the mattress bounced and groaned under her. 
     Then he pulled it out of her.
     "Wait here pussy." he smiled. She threw her ass up again
helplessly then collapsed, groaning and whining.
     He went back down the hall to his Mom's room and opened the
door. She hadn't moved. She was looking hungrily down at her pussy
though, and licking her lips. He went over to the bed and jammed
his hand between her legs, squeezing her crotch.
     Her body whipped upward, her back arching as she started to
move into a cum. 
     He pulled his hand away and grabbed her arm, dragging her to
her feet. She gasped and sobbed as he pulled her out the door and
down the hall. He opened Paige's door and shoved her through. She
was so hot, and flustered she hardly knew where she was until she
spotted her daughter on the bed.
     He pushed her forward as she blinked dizzily at Paige. Paige
looked back with a look of embarrassment and stupefaction on her
face. She pulled at the ropes binding her as he led his Mom over to
the bed.
     He pushed her forward on her hands and knees, shoving her head
between Paige's legs.
"Suck her off Mom." he said. 
His hands cupped and squeezed her pussy mound, and then he thrust
two fingers into her. He pushed her face down, rubbing it against
Paige's sloppy wet cunt opening.
"Taste that cunt juice Mom! Lick her out. Now!" he ordered.
     Allyson moaned in torment. His fingers were slicing deep into
her body, sending shivers up and down her spine. The smell of cunt
juices was exciting her tremendously. She did as she was told,
bending forward and digging her tongue into Paige's cunt.
     It didn't really matter that she was her daughter. All that
mattered was doing what Jeff told her so that awful buzzing ache in
her gut would be satisfied and stop. Her tongue slurped and licked
Paige's cunt, digging into her slit and scooping out girl juices.
     Paige went rigid and her body shook with insane pleasure as
she felt her Mom's tongue digging into her. She derived an enormous
excitement from the sheer perversion of the act. She humped her
crotch up into her Mom's face as her body exploded in orgasms.
     Jeff let his Mom tongue Paige to a second orgasm as he played
with her cunt, then he finally took pity on her. He pulled her
away, turning her around so she knelt on the edge of the bed, her
ass sticking out over the side.
     He stood behind her and then thrust deep into her pussy. He
saw Paige watching with wide eyes as he took his Mom. He
exaggerated his strokes, driving them into her pussy with more
force, more speed, than usual. He fucked her with long, deep
strokes, twisting his Mom's body over a little so Paige could see
his cock going into her.
     His Mom was nearly insensible with lust. The first penetration
of his cock had set her body to trembling and shaking and
shuddering, and within seconds she was screaming in an almost
painful orgasm. It roared through her body with the force of a
hurricane, tearing aside the fabric of her brain.
     She sank down in a satisfied heap as her cum finally burned
through her. Jeff pushed her aside, letting her curl up at the foot
of the bed. He climbed atop Paige, stuffing his prong down her
gaping fuck hole.
     He bounced and pounded down into her, driving his pulsing
prick up and down her slit with gleeful force. He fucked into her
for long minutes as she grunted beneath him.
     A shadow passed over him and he saw his Mom standing now by
the bed. She looked down on the two of them with wide, slightly
puzzled eyes, then sat down on the edge of the bed near Paige's
head.
     Jeff stopped for a minute, then began fucking down into Paige
again. Allyson sat there watching Paige's face, her eyes
occasionally flicking to where Jeff's hard cock was pounding into
the blonde girl's cunt.
     Paige was sweating and groaning in pleasure, her body burning
with heat and sexual ecstasy. Allyson gently brushed the hair away
from Paige's face and smiled down at her. Her hand reached for
Paige's up above her head and she held the girl's hand as Paige
rocketed through a massive orgasm. 
     The teenager's body stiffened and her muscles bunched tightly
as her limbs pulled furiously at the bonds, then she threw back her
head and gave a mighty gasp of pleasure.
     Jeff spurted his jism down her pussy, loosing wad after wad
deep into her belly as she writhed beneath him.

     Later that night, Paige came to bed with him and their Mother.
He sat them both down side by side on the edge of the big double
bed, then he reached for Allyson's hand. He raised her to her feet
and slowly undressed her, first pulling off her sweater, then
sliding her long skirt down over her hips.
     She unclasped her bra, and pulled it loose, freeing her
beautiful round breasts, then slid her panties down. She raised her
trembling feet one by one, allowing him to pull the panties free.
When she was naked, he stood back next to Paige as the two examined
her.
     She stood shivering slightly as her two children watched her.
Jeff moved toward her and slid his arms around her waist. He bent
forward and kissed her deeply, rousing a harsh, whirling fire in
her belly. His hands slid down onto her ass and cupped her soft
buttocks firmly, stroking and fondling the silky warm skin.
     He stood back then, pulling Paige to her feet. He moved her
over in front of Allyson so the older woman was looking up
nervously into her daughter's blue eyes. Then Paige too, put her
arms around her, and kissed. The kiss was awkward at first, but
grew rapidly as she felt her Mother's bare breasts pushing into her
chest.
     Jeff pulled her back and smiled at his Mom. 
     "Undress her." he whispered.
     Allyson swallowed, hesitating briefly, then her hands moved
out onto Paige's shirt, undoing the buttons one by one. When the
buttons were undone to the girl's tight jeans, Allyson pulled the
shirt tails out of the pants and then pushed it over Paige's
shoulders.
     Allyson's hands went to her daughter's tight jeans, unsnapping
the waist, and then pulling the zipper slowly downwards. The sound
was like tearing paper in the stillness of the room.
     She pulled the pants downward, going to her knees to slide the
tight jeans over Paige's rounded hips and buttocks. Paige stepped
out of them one foot at a time an then her Mother stood up once
more. 
     She unsnapped Paige's bra, and let it drop open. Paige started
to move her hands up, but then stopped, letting them fall again,
smiling nervously at her own instinctive shyness in front of her
mother. 
     Allyson lowered her daughter's panties, her eyes staring at
the tight crinkly pubic hair as she bent down. Then Paige was as
naked as she. The two stood in front of each other, only inches
away.
     They both turned to look at Jeff and he smiled reassuringly
and motioned them together. Paige raised her arms and then wrapped
them around Allyson as the older woman did the same to her. Their
nude bodies pressed together, breasts rubbing against breasts,
crotch against crotch. 
     Paige felt her nipples stiffen instantly as they rubbed
against her Mother's already swollen breasts. The two kissed again.
This time Paige slid her tongue into her Mother's mouth. It
startled Allyson, who tried to draw back.
     Paige had a firm grip on her buttocks though and her Mother's
momentary impulse quickly died as she returned her daughter's hot
tongue work. Both of them could feel their pussy's steaming and
bubbling with juices.
     Their hands slid and stroked over each other's bodies,
squeezing, kneading, touching. Paige seized the smaller woman's
head between her two hands and pressed it firmly against her own
face. 
     Her tongue danced along Allyson's lips, then dipped in and out
and in again. Their tongues intertwined, but Paige's was the
hotter, the faster. Jeff could see that even with Paige, Allyson
could not be the aggressor, and the teenager's hot boiling juices
were taking control.
     Allyson groaned as Paige's tongue slid down along her throat,
then down over her chest and swirled around her right nipple. She
backed up, blinking in hot, confusion. A hard cock slapped against
her and she turned suddenly to find Jeff behind her.
     He was naked, and his erection pressed into her back
as his hands came around her and cupped her breasts. Allyson
gurgled in pleasure as the two of them lifted her onto the bed and
sat her down.
     Each of them sat on either side of her. They looked at each
other for a moment, then Paige bent to lick her tongue along
Allyson's right breast. Jeff did the same at her left.
     Allyson whimpered, bending backwards as her children suckled
on her breasts together. Their hands stroked her belly and back,
and then two hands, one small and feminine, the other strong, and
masculine, met at her groin. 
     Fingers pushed, and prodded, dipped and stroked and squeezed
her. She fell back flat on the bed, spreading her legs apart as
their hands slithered over her pussy. Then Jeff knelt between her
legs, pushing his head into her groin.
     His tongue buzzed over her, darting between the folds of her
tight, oily cunt. His fingers rubbed over her clitty, pushing, and
squeezing. He slid a finger into her up to the knuckles, then a
second, then a third. 
     Paige leaned forward along side of her, suckling on her right
breast as her hands worked on both. Every few seconds she raised
her head to see what Jeff was doing between her legs, kissed
Allyson on the lips, and then returned to sucking on her hard
little nipples.
     Allyson's hand jerked and fluttered, then landed between
Paige's legs. She slid her hand along the girl's inner thigh to her
crotch and began fingering her. Paige opened her legs more as she
felt her Mother's finger slide inside her pussy hole.
     She continued to slurp and suckle on Allyson's now soaking wet
breasts s her Mother's chest began to heave with her coming orgasm.
Then she pulled away. She threw one leg across her Mom's belly and
sat down straddling her. 
     The two of them locked eyes and joined hands, then Paige began
rubbing her spread crotch up and down her mother's belly. She slid
her sopping crotch higher, manoeuvring it across Allyson's spit
soaked right breast. She rubbed the center of her slit over the
erect nipple, wiping her hole back and forth.
     Allyson began to shudder and groan as her daughter slid
higher. When she saw the moist, blonde pussy over her face, she
didn't hesitate. Her hands reached up and latched around Paige's
upper thighs, and pulled the girl's cunt down over her mouth.
     Paige groaned, squeezing her own tits as she felt her Mother's
tongue dance across her clit. She pushed her cunt down harder,
revelling in the feeling of the hot, dancing tongue sliding in and
out of her pussy. 
     She circled around, keeping her cunt against her Mom's face
but wanting to look down the length of her body. When she was
facing Jeff, she dropped her hands onto Allyson's breasts and began
to squeeze and knead them furiously.
     Allyson came, humping up against Jeff's face and fingers,
squeezing Paige's buttocks and stabbing her tongue deep into her
daughter's hot, wet, center.
     Jeff pushed her legs up and apart, and Paige grabbed them,
holding them both tightly down to either side of her Mother's body.
She watched wide eyed as Jeff positioned his fiercely throbbing
erection between her Mother's thighs and then drove it deep into
her body.
     She could feel the woman twitch and shudder beneath her as she
rode her mouth to higher and higher levels of pleasure. She and
Jeff kissed, and she tasted her Mother's pussy on his lips. 
     His hands cupped her breasts and squeezed them so the flesh
oozed out around his fingers.
     "Ohhhh... Ohhhhh... Suck me!" she cried. "Suck me Mommie! Suck
Meeeeeeee!" She rocked herself back and forth across Allyson's
face, rubbing her cuntslit against her Mother's jaw as she mashed
down on her.
     She came furiously, pouring cum down into her Mother's mouth
just as Jeff arched his back and spurted his seed into her cunt.
     Jeff lay back on the bed, hands folded behind his head as the
two girls worked on his flaccid cock. First Allyson, then Paige
would suck the long, skinny meat into her mouth like a thick strand
of spaghetti, and chew and suck on it.
     They moved their lips down the length of the soft cockshaft to
the base, slurping and munching hungrily. When one slid back up,
the other would take her place. While the first had a mouthful of
cock, the other would chew and suck on his balls.
     They alternated for several minutes, as Jeff's cock hardened.
Soon it was too long and thick to swallow entirely. 
     Allyson and Jeff pushed Paige over onto her back, and then
pushed her legs up and apart. Allyson watched from inches away, her
wide eyes staring at her daughter's cunt slit, as her son's cock
pressed against it, and then slid slowly inside.
     Then she moved back. She started suckling on Paige's breasts
and nipples as her brother fucked her. Paige was highly susceptible
to tit sucking and started moaning in sexual turmoil almost
immediately.
     Within minutes she came, thrashing on the bed as her Mom tried
to hold her upper body down. Jeff pulled out then, and pulled
Allyson downwards. He positioned her on her knees and moved behind
her. 
     Allyson gasped as she felt his cock press against her asshole.
She groaned in pain as the fat hunk of male meat forced her
sphincter open and drove into her anus. Soon both he and Paige were
cumming like gangbusters, and Allyson took more cum into her body.
     After that, the three of them took a long, hot shower
together. It was a nostalgic experience for Allyson, washing her
children's bodies once more, aS she did when they were younger.

     Jeff set about bringing his fantasies to life with his two
sexy bed mates. He had his Mom buy sexy, slinky lingerie for the
two of them and got them to do sexy dances and strip teases for
him. He fucked each of them every conceivable way, in every
conceivable place. He fucked them in the basement, in the kitchen,
and dining room, in the bathroom and garage, an in the back yard.
     He used the video camera to make a home movie of them. The
movie started out with a slow strip tease by his Mom and Paige,
followed by separate jerkoff sessions with each girl, and a hot,
licking, sucking bout between the two. His mom fucked Paige with
the big dildo until she came, then Paige returned the favour.
     Paige worked the camera while he fucked his Mom, pushing her
ankles up beside her ears so the camera would get a clear sight of
his cock pumping her. After that he fucked Paige while his Mom
filmed it. Then Paige and his Mom sucked him while the camera
worked by remote, after which, he ass fucked both of them.
     He had room on the tape so he pulled Paige across his lap and
gave her a good spanking, making her come twice as he slapped her
pussy. Then his Mom did the same, spanking Paige for the first time
in years.
     While she was doing this, Jeff had an idea. Allyson was
pistoning three fingers in and out of Paige's cunt as he watched.
He stopped briefly.
     "Use four fingers Mom." he said, then started filming again.
     She started to pump four fingers into Paige's shaking body as
he filmed it up close. He moved to within two feet of Paige's
crotch, the entire lens filled with the image of her cunt and his
Mom's fingers sliding in and out.
     "Push your whole hand in Mom." he said.
Paige groaned, and shook even more."
     "I don't know... umm... if it will go." Allyson stammered.
     "I'll go. You got a small hand."
     "It might... hurt her."
     "I don't care if it hurts her or not. Just do it."
     She pulled her four fingers out and pinched them together with
her thumb. She scrunched them all together and then pushed back in.
Her five fingers moved into Paige's wet pussy to the first joint
easily, then it spread out. 
     At the second joint her fingers were as wide as a very thick
cock and Paige started breathing heavily. She bent her legs at the
knees, pushing them apart to open herself up just a little more.
Allyson kept pushing, using more pressure as the hand broadened and
she approached the knuckles. 
     Paige grunted as her Mom wiggled her hand and twisted it
around, pushing it in a bit at a time. Jeff focused the camera in
a tight shot as Paige's cunt widened and Allyson's hand moved in
deeper. Then Paige gave a gasp and the knuckles moved past her
cuntlips.
     She was half falling over the other end of the chair and her
Mother's lap. Allyson had a hand on the girl's hip, as Paige's
twitching hands scraped the floor and her wriggling ass pointed
toward the ceiling.
     She pushed her hand in further and further, till she reached
her wrist. She turned and looked at Jeff, who motioned her to
continue. More of her hand went past those taut, splayed cuntlips.
Her whole hand was inside Paige's cunt and her wrist followed.
     Allyson's eyes were wide and staring as she watched her hand
disappear into her daughter's cunt. She could feel the inside of
Paige's cunt, feel the soft, slick, hot cunt walls around her
fingers. She pushed deeper and thought she felt the end of the
tube.
     "Close your hand up in a fist." Jeff breathed.
She did as he said, pushing aside the elastic walls of the girl's
pussy tube and closing her fingers one by one, until her hand was
closed into a tightly balled fist. 
     She pushed her fist deeper, fascinated by the feeling of the
inside of a hot cunt. She could feel the beat of Paige's heart,
feel the rhythm of her blood moving around her. She watched half
her forearm disappear into the wide round cuntmouth as Paige
whimpered and trembled on her lap.
     "Start fucking her with it." Jeff breathed.
Allyson slowly pulled her fist back down Paige's cunt chute. When
the fist nestled in behind the girl's cuntlips, just inside the
opening, she slowly pushed it back down the length of the tube.
     She pushed her fist into the deepest part of Paige's belly,
grinding her knuckles against something hard inside the girl,
making Paige' shiver and jerk against her.
     Again she pulled the fist back out. Her arm emerged from
Paige's twat covered in pussy juices and glistened in the light
from the camera.
     She pushed it back inside again, then pulled it out. Paige
began to rut back against her and she started pumping faster. She
could feel more and more lubrication pouring down the cunt walls as
Paige's excitement mounted.
     She had to hold her free arm very firmly around Paige's waist
to keep the girl from flopping off and hitting the floor. Paige was
humping against her as she punched her fist up and down the cunt
chute. 
     The feeling was like none she had ever had before. The nearest
she could think of was pushing her fist down the length of tight,
elastic panty hose fresh from the hot water of the washer. Her hand
opened out the channel as it moved forward, and the channel would
collapse again as she withdrew.
     She imagined that was exactly what was happening with Paige's
cunt tube, envisioning the tight little shaft of tender pussy skin
as her fist moved through it, making a fat distended ball in the
rubbery material.
     She was pumping into her pussy at a good speed now. Jerking
Paige's body back and forth on her lap as her hand and arm moved in
and out. Jeff turned the camera to automatic and held the gaping
cunt in it's vision as he went and grabbed Paige's big dildo.
     He ran over and stood to one side, letting the camera have a
good view as he covered the dildo's head with jelly, then pushed it
against her tight little anus.
     The rounded knob pushed inside as Paige squealed and shook.
The teenager grunted continuously as her body shuddered, and Jeff
knew she was cumming. He left the dildo hanging just inside her
asshole and grabbed the camera, rushing around to get a view of her
face as she came.
     He had to pull her head up by the hair to get a picture of her
dazed bleary face. He let it drop back down again and moved the
camera back around to the girl's cunt side. He pushed the dildo in
further, inch by inch working the thing into her anus as his Mom
continued to fuck her cunt.
     "I can feel it." Allyson whispered in wonderment.
Her eyes were shining as she watched the girl's twin holes both
being penetrated. Jeff had a good six inches inside  her asshole
now. He left it there and repositioned the camera again.
     He put it to the front of the chair, facing Paige from her
side, looking directly at his Mother's knees as she fucked her hand
into Paige's cunt. He moved around to the side and grabbed a
fistful of the teenager's thick strawberry blonde hair, jerking her
head up to face his cock.
     He stood there, his fierce erection pointed at Paige's face as
he dragged her head up to meet it. His cockknob pushed insistently
at her lips and she tiredly opened them for him. His dick slipped
inside her mouth and he began to fuck her face.
     He had to hold her head against him, her neck extended, her
head way up and back as he fucked into it. Her body kept jerking
back and forth as his Mom fucked her pussy. He felt Paige's tongue
slither weakly over his prong and started pumping harder.
     Paige gave a strangled cry, muffled by his cock. He looked
down and saw his Mom pumping the dildo in the girl's asshole at the
same time she fist fucked her pussy.
     He fucked harder, sliding his long, fat shaft in and out of
her little mouth while the camera watched. Then he managed to get
the right combination of force and angle and his cock pushed
suddenly past the girl's mouth and slid down into the tightly
constricted confines of her throat.
     Her throat felt tighter than any pussy as it's muscles
massaged his cockknob. He pushed deeper as Paige slapped his knees
with her hands, feeling his cockknob going far down her throat. His
crotch mashed against her nose as he buried his prick in her mouth
and throat.
     He held her there, twisting her head around in slow circles as
he rutted in slow humping jerks in her throat. Then Paige came
again, contorting and spasming in great jerking convulsions as she
was taken from either end.
     Allyson felt the cunt spasming and shaking around her fist and
slammed it deep into her daughter's guts. At the same time she
pushed the fat dildo as far in as it would go and twisted it back
and forth. 
     Paige gave a great heaving sob and simply collapsed
unconscious. Jeff pumped wad after wad of spunk down her throat for
a long minute, then pulled out. Allyson stopped pumping and slowly
pulled her hand out of Paige's cunt and slipped the dildo out of
her asshole.
     "Real movie of the week material." he gasped.
               
               *******************************

                         Part Seven

     Things around the house improve considerably for him. Both of
them did whatever he told them, not only in bed but anywhere else.
Paige stayed away from drugs and Dave Connors. She and his Mom
shared his chores, leaving him free for football practice.
     He was much stricter with Paige than with his Mom. He made
sure she did her homework every night before letting her watch
television or go out with her friends. He checked her clothes
before she left for school in the morning and supervised her as she
cleaned the house and did other chores.
     It was fun getting back at his spoiled little brat of a
sister. Getting to fuck her was even more fun of course. Unless
someone was expected, he made Paige wear a tight leather G-string
around the house, and nothing else. He liked to watch her smooth,
long legs, and firm, bouncy tits as she moved.
     Her old rebelliousness was gone. She seemed to take to
discipline like a fish to water, provided, of course, that she got
a good, hard fucking at least twice a day.
     One day he had her shave off all her pussy hair. He was
delighted at the soft, smooth feel of her bald pubic mound and had
his Mom do the same. Then he had Paige color her hair and get it
cut short in the same style as Allyson. The two of them looked
incredibly alike naked, then, except Paige was somewhat taller.
     Another day he and his Mom hid in Paige's closet. Paige
brought home two boys from school and they sucked and fucked while
he and Allyson watched, fascinated. Watching his sister on her
knees, getting it up the cunt and down the throat at the same time,
almost made him cum against the door.
     Fortunately, he was able to position a bent over Allyson in
front of him and stuff his prick up her pussy before he came.
     A week after that his team won first place in the city
championships. He held a huge party for all the guys at his house.
It wasn't the main party, that was held the previous day. This one
was a guy only party. Some of them complained at first, until he
made it clear it was going to be to hot a party for girls to
attend. 
     They got the idea, and arrived expecting strippers and stag
films. He showed a series of X-rated movies as the guys hooted and
yelled in approval, downing gallons of beer in the process.
     "Hey man!" Phil complained. "Where's the whores. I want to
fuck someone!" he humped his bulging crotch out as the others
laughed and yelled insults.
     "Anybody got a hard on?" Jeff called.
There was a chorus of yes's and more shouts and insults.
     "Okay. I got something for you in the basement."
He led the way out into the kitchen and then down the stairs to the
finished basement. Their feet thundered down the wooden stairs,
Jeff leading the way.
     The last movie he'd shown had been an S & M film depicting
slave girls bound in leather. As the group of drunks stumbled to a
halt in the center of the basement, he pulled back a curtain.
     There on a table were two naked women. Each was bound in
leather, and lying on a table. Their wrists were above their heads,
leather cuffs attached to the one side of the table, heads hanging
over the edge. 
     Their faces were almost completely covered in leather masks.
Only their jaws and mouths were visible.Their ankles were on the
table spread far apart and also chained loosely. Their asses were
right on the ends of the tables. 
     "Holy Shit!"
     "Wow!"
     "Awesome!"
     "Lookit that!"
     "Look at those tits!"
     "I want some of that!"
     The guys gathered around on either side of the two tables.
"Hey man, we can't see their faces." someone complained.
"That's right guys, these aren't hookers, their girls you know," he
said, smiling. "They both go to Franklin high. They lost a bet so
their all yours!" 
     There was a chorus of cheers. Franklin high was the school
they beat out for the championship. 
Hands started sliding over the twin beauties. 
     "Lookit this! They got shaved pussies!"
There was more laughter and obscene comments.
     Swollen sweating breasts were squeezed, bald crotches cupped,
asses kneaded, and bellies stroked. Finally one of the linebackers
pulled out his prick and pushed the fat knob against one of the
girl's cunts. It pushed inside easily, and others instantly
imitated him.
     Within seconds cocks were fucking both girls in the mouth and
cunt. Dougie Simon had his hands around his Mom's leather masked
head and was slamming his cock so deep, he knew it had to be going
down her throat. 
     Mark Cooper was rutting at her crotch, pumping his long, thin
cock in and out of her pussy. Paige was being face fucked by Tony
Spinozo, while Dwayne Thomas screwed her.
     He watched them both writhing and humping as they were reamed
and screwed. Hands moved all over their bodies as the boys who had
to wait gathered close for their turn and fondled every square inch
of skin they could touch.
     Big Mike Moore was the first to try ass fucking. He pushed his
massive cock into his Mom's asshole and pumped so hard her body was
bouncing up and down on the table. The other's all had to do the
same of course. They'd all fucked at least once and wanted to get
off in an asshole the second time.
     All afternoon and into the evening, his Mom and Paige were
screwed, assfucked, and throatfucked by the football players. There
were at least twenty guys and they all got off at least twice, some
of them three times.
     The room was filled with harsh laughter, obscene comments and
shouts, lewd and perverted suggestions. The two girls were untied
and taken off the tables. Both of them had to be supported because
by that time neither of them was in shape to stand on her own
     They were put down on the rug on top of one another. They had
rehearsed this before, and both of the girls pretended that they
wouldn't touch each other. Jeff brought out a ping pong paddle and
drew one of them, he was pretty sure it was his Mom, over his knee
and began spanking her ass with the paddle
     The room got quieter as the guys watched, enthraled. When her
ass was all red, he asked her if she would be a good girl and do
what she was told now. She nodded at him. Paige pretended to try
and crawl away but Kyle Hunter whooped and grabbed her. 
     He knelt on the floor and dragged her across his knees as Jeff
threw him the paddle. He began slapping it down on Paige's softly
vulnerable ass cheeks, making the room resound to the cracking, and
smacking of the wood on flesh. Paige got so turned on that she
forgot she wasn't supposed to say anything.
     Both of them had groaned and squealed through countless
orgasms but now Paige was whining and begging Kyle to hit her
harder and faster. He shouted with excitement and obliged as Paige
humped against his knee. Jeff looked around but nobody appeared to
have recognized her voice. Only a few of the guys knew her at all
anyway.
     Kyle dumped her and pushed his cock into her from behind,
forgetting the purpose of spanking her in his need to blow his wad.
He humped and rutted into her like a bitch dog until he came
furiously.
     Jeff had to drag her away from other guys who were likewise
excited, and pull his Mom's lips away from a boy she was sucking.
     He pushed the two of them together and their arms wrapped
around one another and they began to kiss deeply. Their sweaty
bodies rubbed together, breasts mashing against breasts as they
slipped their tongues into each other's mouths.
     His Mom slithered down Paige's body, sucking on her breasts
and then kneeling between her legs to tongue her crotch. The guys
all had renewed erections now and before he could stop it, Marshal
Cutter knelt behind his Mom and stuck his cock into her pussy.
     It threw off her timing for a second, but she adjusted and
began licking and slurping at all the jism in Paige's cunt once
more. Paige's legs were bent at the knee, her feet flat on the
floor. As her orgasm approached and overwhelmed her, her feet began
to bounce up and down on the floor.
     One of the guys cursed and pushed his Mom away, diving between
Paige's legs and cramming his hot, red organ down her pussy hole.
He fucked her like a maniac for long minutes, bringing her to
another orgasm as Jeff watched.
     His Mother was getting it from both ends again. A second boy
had knelt at her head and was face fucking her. One after the
other, the guys took a turn at their pussies and assholes and
mouths again.
     After a while, some of the guys passed out drunk, others left.
The party wound down. Jeff went upstairs with Phil to see him off. 
     When he came back down to the basement, Joe Broadson was
pumping his prong in his Mother's asshole as she lay half conscious
on the floor. Fred Ennis was screwing Paige, who was flat on her
back, her feet up on his shoulders. What gave Jeff a shock was that
their masks were off. 
     He quickly looked around. There were only five guys still
conscious here, and none of them had ever been to his house before.
He didn't think any of them knew who either of them was. Just to be
sure though, as soon as Joe dropped his load, he grabbed a mask off
the floor and pushed it back over his Mom's head, and did the same
with Paige when Fred finished.
     The last of the guys wandered drunkenly up the stairs, carting
the two dead to the world drunks with them.
     Jeff magnanimously helped the two sweat and cum covered women
up the stairs and into a bath. He started cleaning up downstairs
while they cleaned each other up. After an hour or so, he went back
upstairs and found them kissing and jerking each other off.
     "Don't you two ever get enough?" he demanded.
They both grinned up at him bad returned to each other.

     Now that the season was over, Jeff had a lot more spare time
to devote to the girls. He spent it in thinking up different ways
to enjoy their bodies. After all, he reasoned, in another six
months I'll be gone to college. Best get as much pussy as I can
now.
     His friends wondered why he never wanted to go out anymore.
Truth was, he would have loved to tell them. He felt cock proud,
having two gorgeous females at his beck and call. The fact that
they were his Mother and Sister though, might cause problems if
word got out.
     He had gone shopping with the both of them and they'd bought
the most sluttish clothes he could find, mostly one or two sizes
too small. He took them out in public, to places his and their
friends never went, dressed to catch everyone's eye.
     Once he took his Mom to an outrageously expensive restaurant.
He'd had her dress in a thin, slinky white dress that was so
skintight she could hardly breathe. It was so low cut that she had
to keep pulling on the top because her nipples were showing. 
     He hadn't made any secret of the sexual nature of their
relationship either, giving her deep french kisses several times,
and tonguing her throat, and cupping her tits in front of everyone
in the restaurant. 
     Another time he'd taken Paige out to a disco wearing a
translucent little dress with no underwear. In any kind of moderate
light her breasts were clearly visible, and in just a bit more
light, like in a normal room say, her entire body was revealed to
anyone who cared to look, and that was nearly everyone.
     He'd made sure to swing her around in wild gyrations on the
dance floor too, so her skirt would fly up around her and everyone
would see her cute little ass and bald crotch. In slow dances, he'd
kept his hand on her ass, pushing up her short skirt to cup her
naked buttocks.
     He'd taken her to the park once when she'd worn a little zip
up denim dress. The zipper ran from the hem to the neckline. He'd
lain her back on the grass in a fairly secluded area, then pulled
the zipper down all the way, opening the dress completely. Of
course, she wasn't wearing anything else. 
     He'd unzipped and fucked her right there in the grass. There'd
been people all over, but nobody closer than fifty feet or so. He
didn't think anyone saw.
     He'd taken his Mom, wearing a tiny sweater dress, to a
friend's apartment. Once inside, they'd gone up to another floor
and gotten off. The building had three wings, like a Y. He'd
stopped her in the center of the floor, where the three wings
intersected, and drawn her sweater up over her head, leaving her
naked. 
     He pushed her down on her hands and knees, unzipped his pants,
drew his cock out, and plugged her right there. He'd ridden her for
a good five minutes before dumping his load. He was having the time
of his life, and didn't want it to ever end.

     One afternoon, about a week after the big party, he was
sitting in the living room watching TV. Paige was sitting sideways
in his lap, naked of course. Her right arm was around his shoulders
as he absently toyed with her body.
     He had two fingers in her cunt and was sliding them slowly in
and out, enjoying the tight wetness against his fingers. Her legs
were spread wide and her body was trembling as he kept bringing her
up to the peak, and then backing off.
     The doorbell rang, and Paige had had to scurry away to her
room. His mom answered it and Phil came in, smiling strangely at
her.
     "Hi Mrs Edwards." he grinned.
     "Hello Phil. How are you?" 
     "Oh fine, fine."
Phil came in and sat beside Jeff, looking back at his Mom as she
went back to the kitchen.
     "What you doin' man?" Phil asked.
     "Nothin', just watching TV."
     "Yeah."
Phil shifted uncomfortably.
     "Hey, that was some party, Jeff."
     "Yeah, wasn't it though."
     "You gonna have another one soon?"
     "Ahh, I don't think so."
     "Too bad."
They watched TV for a few minutes, then Phil turned to him again.
     "Hey, you know how everyone used to think Andy was a dyke?" 
Andy was Andrea Delaney, Phil's girlfriend.
     "Yeah?"
     "Well, it turns out they were half right, man."
     "What do you mean?"
     "Well, see... she likes girls too. She likes guys better, but
she likes girls, you know, she's... like... bisexual."
     "What do you think of that?" Jeff asked.
     "Kind of turns me on, you know, thinking of her with another
girl, like at the party, with those two girls? I'd like to see
that."
     "I bet."
     "I was kind of wondering if one of them might be... like...
available."
     "I don't own them Phil. You can't borrow them like my car or
something."
     "Well, I was just thinking... if they were, like... bi too,
they might like to, you know?"
     "I doubt it. They don't want anyone to know who they are."
Phil nodded.
     "I would never tell anyone man. I haven't told anyone about
Andy either."
     "You told me."
     "Yeah, well, you're different. You'd never tell anyone."
     "No, not me."
     "You could tell the girls I wouldn't tell anyone about them."
     "I don't think they'd want to trust that."
Phil looked at him strangely.
     "I haven't told anyone so far."
     "What do you mean?"
     "Well... see... I wasn't really that drunk, you know? I wasn't
really out cold when Joey took off their masks."
They stared at each other.
     "I wouldn't tell anyone man." Phil insisted, hands up before
him.
     "What do you mean?" Jeff acted confused.
     "I know who they were, man!" Phil insisted.
     "Yeah, who were they?"
Phil looked around him, then turned back to Jeff.
     "Well, for one thing, one of them is in the kitchen. I guess
the other one is upstairs somewhere."
Jeff's eyes narrowed.
     "I mean it man. I'd never tell anyone."
Phil shrugged, and grinned.
     "Hey, I can understand... I mean, shit, look at them. Those
are two very hot looking foxes. I think you're the luckiest bastard
around."
     "Maybe." Jeff was noncommittal.
     "I'm surprised you weren't too exhausted to play in the last
game." Phil grinned.
Jeff smiled slowly. "Yeah, it's kind of tiring sometimes."
     "Yeah, well, I'd be glad to help, man."
     "I think I can manage by myself."
     "Hey, I was thinking, like, how about a little get together,
you know, me and you, with Andy and, uh, Paige, say, or whatever."
It was awkward for him to even mention Jeff's mother, even though
he'd unknowingly fucked her in the asshole already.
     "I don't know."
     "I'm sure they'd go for it." Phil exhorted.
     "Probably."
     "You wouldn't mind me getting a taste of Andy?"
     "Not if I could get a couple of tastes myself."
     "Andy and Allyson would look good together." Jeff mused.
     "Ally... oh, you mean your Mom."
His face reddened a little.
     "You really think they'd go for it?" he swallowed.
     "They'll do whatever I tell them to Phil." he boasted.
     "They're both nymphos."
     "Yeah, I, like figured."
     There were footsteps on the stairs as Paige, tired of waiting
around, came back downstairs. She was dressed in jeans and a thin
armless t-shirt.
     "Speaking of which..." Jeff grinned.
     "Paige, c'mere a minute." he called to her.
She wandered over, smiling politely at Phil.
     Jeff and he both rose and stood in front of her. She looked
up, her head swivelling from one to the other, curiously. Jeff
turned to Phil and grinned.
     "Go ahead," he offered. "Do whatever you want."
     "Right here?"
     "Sure."
     Paige looked at them warily. As Phil's hands rose to her, she
backed away, but Jeff grabbed her arm and held her firmly. Phil's
hand cupped her right breast, gently at first, as if afraid she'd
scream or something, then with more confidence and authority. He
squeezed her braless tit through the whisper thin fabric of the
little t-shirt.
     "Jeeeeeeffffff." she complained.
     "Just shut up." he told her.
     "I already fucked you anyway Paige." Phil grinned.
Her skin reddened and her eyes went wide. She looked at Jeff
questioningly.
"You let your mask come off, so don't look at me." he shrugged.
     Phil's hand slid down over her stomach to her jeans, then slid
down to cup her crotch firmly, very firmly. She winced at the
pressure on her puffy little cuntmound.
     He unsnapped her jeans, then slid the zipper down. With her
pants open, he shoved down on the waistband, pushing them over her
hips so they slid down around her ankles. She wasn't wearing any
panties and her bald little crack stared out at the two.
     "Fan-fucking-tastic!" Phil sighed.
     Paige stood there uncomfortably, her skin flushed with
embarrassment as they looked down at her crotch. Phil rubbed his
hand back and forth over her pussy mound and lower belly, then
pulled her t-shirt up over her head. Jeff pulled her forward out of
her jeans so she was standing completely unclothed for them.
     "She's the hottest little nympho you'll ever fuck." Jeff
grinned at his friend.
     "She likes it up the asshole too."
     Paige shivered slightly, and squirmed under the close
examination. Fucking all those guys from behind a mask had been a
kind of vicarious sexual dream. Now revealed naked for a guy she
hardly knew, she suddenly became shy and embarrassed, especially
with the way her brother was talking about her.
     Jeff turned her around so Phil could see her pretty little
ass. He stoked his hand over it lightly. 
     "This is the tightest little ass I've ever seen." he said.
     "You don't have to sell me man, I think I fucked her asshole
too. It's kind of hard to remember who was who for most of the
night."
     "No, I'm pretty sure you only fucked my Mom in the ass. Paige,
bend over and grab your ankles."
She hesitated, and he slapped her lightly on the ass. She bent over
then, so the two could examine her cunt and asshole more closely.
     "Nice, real nice." Phil sighed. "Can I have a see now?"
     "Sure, go ahead."
Phil undid his pants and pulled his cock out. It was rock hard, and
bloated with sexual heat. 
     "Wait a sec." Jeff said. "Paige, turn around and get on your
knees."
She stood up then knelt in front of them.
     "Phil wants to fuck you in the asshole. Get his cock nice and
wet for him."
     She swallowed nervously, then moved forward, taking the thick
prick in her hands and running her lips around the head. Slowly her
lips moved down the length of his shaft, and her tongue swirled
round and round, soaking it in spit.
     "Don't blow him off, he wants to cum in your asshole. Just get
it wet." Jeff said.
She drew moisture into her mouth, transferring it to his cock, then
pulled back.
     "Okay, stand up and bend over again." Jeff ordered.
When she was in position, Phil stuck the now sopping, dripping head
of his cock between her ass cheeks and pushed against her little
round opening.
     She spread her legs a little to ease his entry and his rounded
cock knob popped into her asshole. Slowly he sank the long, fat
length of his shaft down into her rectum, luxuriating in the heat
and tightness of her body.
     Phil's hands slid over her taut buttocks, rubbing against the
silky smooth white skin as his cock penetrated deeper and deeper
into her body. 
     "Awwwwww... fuck she's tight!" Phil groaned.
     "You bet she is. She can really pump it too."
     Phil sank his shaft all the way into her, then started to
slowly pump in and out. Her guts were twitching, and sucking on his
prick as he thrust it back and forth, and he knew he wouldn't be
able to hold off shooting for long.
     He grabbed Paige's arm and pulled her upright, groaning as the
angle of her ass channel changed and bent his prick upward with
her. Her soft ass buttocks pressed firmly against him as he held
her body up against hers. His hands slid around her waist,
squeezing tight, loving the feeling of her warm skin against him. 
     His hands moved upward onto her breasts and mashed them flat
with his big hands. He humped against her in short little strokes,
his cockhead deep inside her gut mashing against the end of her ass
tunnel with each thrust.
     His mouth came down on the side of her throat, biting and
kissing and sucking as he slowly ground his loins into her ass. He
started humping with more speed as his cum approached, then rutted
franticly into her as his orgasm rolled over him. 
     In the midst of his furious ass pumping, Allyson came out into
the living room, bringing a couple of cokes for the boys. She
stopped in shock as he saw Phil fucking into her naked daughter's
asshole. Jeff beckoned her over and she stood next to him as Phil
dropped his load up inside Paige's rectum and slowly eased his
prick out of her.
               
               *******************************

                         Part Eight

     Jeff slapped Paige on the ass and sent her upstairs as the
boys turned to Allyson. She swallowed and blushed slightly under
their scrutiny. Jeff moved toward her and slowly began to unbutton
the front of the long dress she was wearing. He turned to Phil with
a smile.
     "When you've got a Mother who looks like this, you can't
resist fucking her every day." 
     "Yeah, I bet." Phil breathed.
     "I used to watch her, you know, peaking at her in the shower
and her bedroom. When I watched her jerk off, I knew she need a
good hard ride."
Allyson reddened further and stared down at her feet as Jeff undid
the last button and pushed the open dress back over her shoulders.
     The dress slid down to the floor, revealing her nude body
beneath, and the two boys admired it openly.
     "Nice, real nice." Phil said.
     "She's small, but that just makes her tighter."
     "Yeah, I remember. Hey Mrs. Edwards, remember when I fucked
your ass last week?" he laughed.
     "I think you can call her Allyson." Jeff grinned.
     "Yeah, I guess you're right." Phil snickered.
     "Think Andy'll like her?" Jeff enquired.
     "She'll love her. She likes em small. She says she likes to be
the one in charge, you know?"
     "Mom's used to being told what to do, aren't you Mom?"
     "Yes Jeff." she answered in a small voice.
     Jeff pushed her back onto the couch, and pulled her legs
apart. 
     "Jerk off for Phil, Mom. Show him how hot you get. He's got a
nice girlfriend who likes to suck pussy. If you're real nice, I'll
let her do you."
     Allyson slowly began to slide her trembling fingers over her
body, glancing up at Phil self-conciously several times. Her
fingers began rubbing across her clitty and twisting her nipples as
they watched.
     "Stick your fingers up your pussy Mom." Jeff urged.
She complied, sliding her fingers in and out of her narrow cunt
opening as she humped her loins forward.
     "Andy's gonna love you." Phil laughed.

     Paige grumbled in complaint as the doorbell went again. That
asshole had been ringing for five minutes now. You'd think he'd get
the hint and leave. 
     She was alone in the house. Jeff and her Mom had gone off
somewhere with Phil and left her here. She wasn't sure wether to be
glad of the rare time alone, or insulted that she wasn't going to
be in on whatever they were doing.
     She finally threw down her pencil, she was doing her homework
at the kitchen table, and jumped up to go and confront the
persistent asshole she'd glimpsed through the spyhole a minute ago.
With Jeff gone, she was actually wearing a clothes around the
house, jeans and a halter top, so it didn't require any changing.
     She opened the door and glared at the man, daring him to try
and sell something. He was a big guy, with dark brown hair and a
strong, square jaw, kind of handsome actually, she thought, if you
liked older guys. He must be at least thirty-five or forty.
     "Well, hello there." he smiled. "You must be Paige."
She blinked in confusion. "Who are you?" she asked,  bluntly.
     "You won't remember me. I haven't seen you in... oh... must be
about twelve years now. You were just a little thing then."
     "Yeah?"
     "I'm Peter Logan."
She looked at him uncomprehendingly.
     "I'm Jeff's Dad, Your Mom's first husband."
     "Oh!" she started, "I forgot the name."
     "Yeah, Allyson too." he sighed, grinning tiredly.
     "Well, she's not here just now."
     "Oh. Well, can I come in and wait? I just got into town."
     "Well... I guess it would be okay." she said doubtfully.
     "Thanks." he passed her and went into the living room."
     "I like it. Nicely done." he said, admiring the furnishings.
She shrugged, shutting the door and following him in.
     "My Mom did it."
     "She always had nice taste."
     "Can I get you anything to drink?"
     "Yes, a beer if she's got any."
     "Sure." she walked past him and through the dining room to the
kitchen. His eyes followed her admiringly. Nice ass, he thought to
himself.
     He wandered around the living room, looking at the decorations
and photos, especially the ones of Jeff and Allyson. He was
glancing over a row of books on the shelf when Paige brought his
beer and a glass.
     "Thanks Paige."
     "You're welcome."
     "Think they'll be long?"
She looked at her watch.
     "Probably not much longer, maybe an hour."
     He nodded and swallowed a sip of the beer.
     "Uhh, I was doing my homework..."
     "Oh don't let me stop you. Go back to it by all means. I'll
find something to read here."
     "Well, I'm almost finished. I"ll just be about ten minutes."
     "Take your time."
     "I'll be in the kitchen." she said, turning and going back.
     He poked around a little more, his eyes moving to the rack of
video tapes. One caught his eyes. It said "Allyson-Jeff-Paige" on
the cover. He picked it up and went over to the video machine.

     Phil led them down the stairs to the finished basement that
served as his bedroom. Cheap couches and chairs lined much of the
walls. He pushed on one of the couches, made of fake leather, and
the back slipped down and turned it into a foldout double bed.
     Andy'll be here in a few minutes." he grinned, sitting down on
the bed and looking up at Allyson. Jeff sat down beside him,
lounging back as Allyson looked disinterestedly around the room.
     "Put on some music Phil. My Mom'll show you how she dances."
he offered.
     "All right!" Phil grinned.
     He jumped up and went over to the stereo, popping a cassette
into the tape player and turning it on. Heavy rock music began
pounding out of the speakers. 
     "Dance for us Mom!" Jeff yelled above the music.
     Allyson felt embarrassed by even being here. After all, she
wasn't used to associating with teenagers like this, and she was
extremely uneasy about involving herself with Jeff's friends. She
was afraid to anger or disappoint him though, and felt that it was
too late to back down.
     Jeff motioned for her to begin dancing and she sighed and
began swaying to the music. She swung her arms about as she swayed
back and forth and gyrated her hips about. The music moved faster
and faster as she ground her hips and wiggled her ass at the
appreciative audience.
     "Take it off!" Jeff yelled.
     Allyson began unbuttoning her shirt, running her tongue along
her full lips and winking at the guys as she moved and danced in
front of them. She opened the shirt fully and pulled it from her
skirt, then held the two sides open as she twirled round and round.
     It was then she noticed the girl coming down the stairs. She
clamped her shirt closed for a moment, but then Jeff yelled at her
to continue, and she could hear the warning in his voice.
     She reluctantly began to dance again as the girl moved past
her and sat down on the bed next to Phil. She looked up at Allyson
from wide green eyes, her tall lanky frame folding up uncomfortably
on the low bed.
     The girl was about Paige's age, but with long, thick red hair.
She was very tall and thin, wearing faded blue jeans and a jean
jacket over a white sweatshirt. Her eyes looked at Allyson with a
hot, smouldering hunger.
     Allyson dropped her shirt and continued her dance naked to the
waist. She skirt, pulling the hem up her legs, past her knees to
just below her crotch. She pushed the material in between her legs
as she twisted and writhed erotically.
     She rubbed the material against herself as the teenagers
watched, then slowly unbuttoned the skirt. She let the waist slide
downward over her hips, wiggling her hips as the waistband revealed
the beginning of her ass crack. 
     Then the skirt dropped down to the floor and she stepped out
of it, clad only in a g-string. She slid her hands up and down her
naked body, cupping and then palming her rounded breasts at the
three kids, then turning, sliding her hands down along her sides
and over her hips to stroke her buttocks,
     She slid her hands into the elastic around her hips and then,
legs together, bent forward at the waist, pulling the g-string down
and stepping out of it. She stood naked and turned once more to
face the three. She held her hands together above her head, humping
and rutting her crotch out a them, then bending her back to push
her tits out.
     The girl, Andrea rose suddenly from the bed, she turned to
look at Phil, who nodded eagerly, then moved toward Allyson. She
stopped only a foot away from where the older woman was moving her
hips from side to side, then she stepped forward.
     Allyson stopped as the girl moved against her. She looked
nervously up into the pretty face, wondering what the girl would
do.
     Then the redhead's arms folded around Allyson and drew her
forward into her chest. The blonde's head barely reached Andrea's
neck as the girl hugged her gently. Her hands stroked slowly along
Allyson's back and shoulders, very slowly moving down over her back
to her buttocks.
     Her hands were so soft and gentle, Allyson was hardly aware of
them as they cupped her buttocks lightly. Then the girl bent and
kissed Allyson on the forehead. She blinked and cocked her head
slightly, then the redhead kissed her again, this time very gently,
on the lips.
     She returned the kiss automatically, her arms slowly going
around the bigger girl. The hands on her ass cheeks began squeezing
the flesh, fingers making deep indentations in the meat as they
sought the warmth and heat of the woman's body.
     One of her hands rubbed up and down the crevice between the
two cheeks, then slid further down to cup her pubic mound from
behind.
     Andrea pulled back, her eyes shining. She tore her jacket off,
then pulled the sweatshirt up over her head, and threw that off
too. She snapped her pants open, then hesitated, as if just then
aware of Jeff's presence. She appeared to consider him for a few
seconds, then shrugged, and jerked her pants down, tossing them on
the floor.
     She had a very thin body, Allyson saw. Her breasts were very
small, and her hips and ass boyishly flat. She wasn't unattractive
though. Her slight, red bush and small conical breasts made
Allyson's heart race in anticipation.
     She pushed Allyson backwards onto another couch and sat down
next to her. Their arms folded together as their lips met in a deep
smouldering kiss.

     Peter's eyes nearly bugged out as he watched Allyson
masturbate for the camera. His cock bulged and pushed desperately
against his pants as Allyson slid a giant dildo in and out of her
cunt.
     Paige came into the screen, and got into bed with her Mother
and the two began kissing each other, their hands moving lovingly
across each other's bodies.
     He watched as the two engaged in a lurid sexual tryst, then
were joined by Jeff. The boy certainly had grown, he admitted to
himself, as he watched him stuff his meaty cock into his Mother's
asshole.
     Paige returned while he was watching her being spanked and
fingerfucked by her Mother. She stopped suddenly, staring at the
image on the TV in shock. Peter looked towards her, his eyes wide,
skin sweating, and chest heaving. 
     Paige was in shock, her skin a deep shade of red as she stared
back. She was mortified by the lurid, carnal images the man was
watching. She raced forward and turned off the VCR, pulling the
tape from the slot.
     As she turned around, she almost ran into the man. She backed
away, averting her eyes from him, intent on escaping his gaze. He
grabbed her by the upper arms though and pulled her back in front
of him.
     She finally looked up at him, her eyes frightened. His face
moved toward her then, his lips mashing against hers as she yelped
in surprise. His hands moved around her, hugging her against him as
his tongue forced its way into her mouth.
     She twisted, trying to pull free, but he was in a desperate
state of excitement, and not willing to accept any delay. His hands
tore at her thin halter, ripping it open and revealing her full
round breasts. His mouth shot down and bit her right breast,
sucking in a wad of flesh and chewing furiously.
     She cried out in sudden pain and shock, pushing backwards,
dropping the tape on the floor. She managed to wriggle away and
darted around him toward the stairs, but he grabbed her by the arm,
swinging her around so she fell forward onto the couch.
     Before she  could rise, he was on her, his hands grabbing at
her pants, trying to tear them down. He jerked roughly, pulling her
off the couch and onto the floor, pulling her legs up into the air
as the jeans turned inside out and finally tore loose from her
feet.
     "Stop it! Leave me alone!" she cried.
"You slut! You know you want it!" he gasped.
He grabbed  her as she jumped up, throwing her forward against the
back of the stuffed chair. The wide, thickly padded back slammed
into her belly and she half fell over it.
     Peter moved against her, pressing his crotch into her bare
buttocks as she tried to push herself back up. He jerked her legs
apart, pulling her feet from the floor, and dropping all her weight
on her stomach.
     She was draped across the back of the chair, her ass pushed
out and pressed into his groin as her hands shoved and clawed
against the chair's arms and seat, trying to twist away.
     She heard his zipper pulling down and a moment later, felt his
hot skin against her ass. His cock was thick and hard as it moved
against her cuntlips.

     Jeff and Phil watched excitedly as Andrea crushed the little
blonde into the couch. Her mouth raced over Allyson's soft white
skin, sucking, licking, and chewing roughly.
     Her head moved between the older woman's legs, her hands
shoving them apart to get more room. Her tongue was a whipping,
darting snake as it drove into the bald pussy and sucked fiercely.
     Allyson felt like she was being attacked by a wild animal. The
girl was a ferocious sexual animal, her movements almost frantic as
her hands and mouth raced over the blondes' body.
     Her teeth bit into Allyson's shoulders again and again, then
moved down to her swelling breasts and pointed little nipples. Her
mouth closed tightly, teeth biting deep into the fleshy meat. She
bit her breasts repeatedly, her teeth closing dozens of times on
the tender meat and sensitive nipples.
     Then her mouth slid downward, biting the skin down the side of
her chest and waist and moving onto her belly and abdomen. Then her
mouth opened wide and closed around her cunt, taking the woman's
entire cunt into her mouth and sucking as she bit.

     Paige yelped and gave a final desperate thrashing twist as the
blunt cockhead pushed aside her cunt lips and entered her body. It
was no use though. She was held firmly in place as the man's organ
moved smoothly forward into her cunt tube.
     His cock was a big one, and split her cunt painfully wide as
it slid into her. She felt the head move deeper and deeper down the
length of the cunt shaft, pushing open her tight tunnel as it
sought the center of her belly.
     His hands were on her legs, high up on her thighs, holding
them far open as his cock wormed its way up inside her. 
     "Fucking Shit!" he gasped. 
     He rutted forward, cramming the last inch of his prong into
her thin body and ground his hips into her. His hands slid off her
legs, moved up over her buttocks and then down onto her waist. He
was buried all the way in her moistening tightness as he rutted
forward in short little jerks.
     He drew his cock back down the length of her passage and then
thrust forward hard, making her squeal with shock. He began humping
furiously into her, slamming his cock into her with brutal force,
then ripping it free again.
     His hips were a pounding triphammer against her soft,
vulnerable ass cheeks. He pounded her hips into the back of the
chair as he rutted maniacally into her.
Paige grunted helplessly as he fucked her. "Uh! UH! UH! UH! UH! UH!
UH! UH!" she went, as she bounced against the back of the chair.
     Her eyes rolled as her responsive body began burning and
pulsing with sexual desire. Her body became rubbery and weak,
fluttering desperately with the searing, pounding bursts of
sensations coming from her cunt.
     Her legs were spread wide atop the chair's top, her chest and
belly horizontal against the back as her head pressed helplessly
into the seat. She squeezed her breasts, sending fresh bursts of
white hot sex fire through her frame.
     Peter had an unobstructed target for his cock thrusts. Her
bare cunt and pussy mound were lewdly displayed to his desperate
view. He watched his long, prickshaft stabbed repeatedly into her,
driving down painfully hard and deep as he sought to relieve the
awful burning in his loins.
     His fingers dug bruisingly hard into the flesh of her hips as
he locked her in place for his furious, rutting rape.

     Allyson screamed as she came again. Her body was being
devoured by this supercharged sex kitten. Her entire body was being
sucked out through the bleeding gash of her cunt, sucked out and
swallowed by the red haired girl who tore at her pussy.
     Her body was covered in sweat, her hair a tangled, damp matt
against her head. Her body shivered from exhaustion and weakness,
and every couple of minutes she came again. She was losing her mind
to the lust filled girl who was working on her.
     Her eyes blinked open and she looked up through dazed blurry
eyes as the redhead moved up over her. She felt the girl's body
press down against her own, felt those small, pointed breasts push
into her larger fleshy ones, felt those hard nipples pressing into
her skin.
     Andrea's face blotted out the lights as her mouth closed
against Allyson's. Allyson couldn't breath as the girl sucked
furiously at her, almost drawing the very breath from her lungs.
     Her hands squeezed the blonde's breasts savagely, tearing and
twisting and pinching. Her teeth flashed and bit, and her body
pounded and grinded remorselessly against the small, delicate frame
beneath her.
     Then she was twisting around, swinging up to straddle
Allyson's face. Allyson looked up into the red gash of the
teenager's cunt as it dropped down onto her. The oily, sweaty cunt
mashed and crushed Allyson's face. Andrea rubbed herself back and
forth against her, squeezing on Allyson's tits as the blonde began
tentatively licking away at the girl's cunt.
     Her lips and teeth sought out the clitty and squeezed it
between them as the redhead whimpered in pleasure. Suddenly there
was movement behind the redhead. Jeff pushed the girl's body down
against Allyson and pushed his cockhead against her pussy.
     He positioned the thick tool at her wet entrance and then
slammed his hips forward, driving his prick deep into her pussy
tube. Allyson's face was right against his cock as it moved into
the girl. She continued to stab her tongue against the swollen
clitty as the girl humped and rutted back and forth on her face.
     Jeff's cock was sliding against her nose as it moved in and
out of the teenager's steamy fuck pit. Fuck juice dripped down onto
her face as Jeff began humping into the red furred cunt. She felt
her own legs spread and then Phil stuffed his cock into her. 
     She gasped, pushing back against him as she tried to get a
better grip on Andrea's clitty. She felt another orgasm approach,
felt her body pulsing with hot, blinding fire as Phil's pumping
prick used her tight, spasming cunthole.

     Peter was delirious with the power he had over the gorgeous
teenager. As he used and abused her, it became obvious that she
would do anything, ANYTHING, that he demanded of her!
     His cum flooded into her body through every opening, soaking
her with the salty white juice of his furious sexual desire. He
dragged her about the room by her hair, and had her lick his entire
body, then suck him off on her knees. He fucked her in the asshole,
and stuffed his organ down her throat. He fucked her tits, and
stuffed his hand up her cunt. It was like a fantasy come true for
him, and he couldn't bring himself to end it.

     Jeff led Allyson up to the front door, helping the exhausted
woman up the stairs and then unlocking the door for her.
     "You sure had a good time." he grinned.
     She blushed slightly.
     Jeff pushed the door open and they stepped inside.
     They both stopped suddenly, staring at the naked, rutting
couple before them.
     Paige was on her knees, her shoulders pressed into the carpet,
and ass up in the air. A man in his late thirties knelt behind her
and was furiously sodomizing the blonde girl. Paige's hands were
tied behind her back, but she didn't seem to be resisting in any
way. In fact, she looked like she was on the verge of an orgasm.
     "Peter!?" Allyson gasped.
     "Dad?" Jeff blinked
Peter looked up briefly then turned back to Paige.
     "Be with you in a second. I gotto finish off this little slut
first." he leered.
They watched as his cock ripped in and out of Paige's asshole, and
the girl shivered and mewled in an overload of sexual heat.
     Jeff was surprised to see his father back. It had been years
since he'd last seen him. He watched the man fucking into his
sister with some resentment. After all, he didn't need the guy
coming around here, just when he'd gotten things to his liking, and
he didn't need him screwing one of his women.
     Allyson frowned uncertainly, wavering between happiness in
seeing him, anger at him for the way he'd dumped her long ago, and
indignation at him for fucking her daughter in the asshole like he
was, especially on her living room carpet.
     Peter held Paige's hips tightly as he slammed his cock down
her shit chute. His prick was burning with need as he ripped in and
out of her hole. Her buttery, sucking insides were squeezing and
pulling on his organ as it moved in and out of her.
     She groaned and rolled her head back and forth as her cum
roared through her. Her ass thrust and humped back against him as
his prong pumped up and down her rectal tube.
     His cock flared with new heat and then shot out wad after wad
of hot, steamy white jism into her bowels. He let her asshole suck
it down while he remained pressed tightly against her buttocks.
Slowly he pulled his softening prick out and then shakily stood up.
     "Well Jeff, I see you've done damned well for yourself." he
grinned, nodding at the TV where the video tape was still playing.
     Jeff and Allyson noticed the machine for the first time and
both gulped in surprise at the image of themselves fucking like
rabbits.
     "Allyson," he leered. "I see you've been a bad girl again." 
He moved over next to her and she tried to stare over his left
shoulder, tried to ignore his nude body and dripping cock.
     "She's a hot little fuck, that daughter of yours." he grinned.
"Just like her Mother."
     "Ain't that right Jeff?" he laughed.
     "What are you doing here?" Jeff scowled.
     "Well, I just dropped by to see my old family is all. I never
dreamed they'd be such a fun little group though."
     He looked more closely at Allyson, then grinned evilly. "Well,
now Allyson, you look like you've been well and truly fucked." 
She flushed and tried to back up but Peter put his arms around her.
     "Why don't you just take off?" Jeff frowned.
     "Well, why should I do that? I'm in town for a few days, and
I want to get to know my family a little more. After all, I
wouldn't want my son to be in the hands of a woman who wasn't...
shall we say, a good and decent mother. I'll just have to make sure
she's raising you right before I leave." He leered again.
     "Lets you and me go up to your room and talk about things
darling." he cooed. He led Allyson toward the stairs and then up
them as Jeff stood helplessly in the door.
               
               *******************************

                          Part Nine

     Jeff walked over to where Paige still lay on her side on the
rug, knees drawn up against her chest. 
     "Will you get up you dumb slut," he said exasperatedly. 
     She slowly unfurled her legs and tried to raise herself
upwards. Jeff grabbed her right arm and hauled her to her feet,
helping her balance as she stumbled slightly.
     "Why did you let him in anyway?" he demanded.
     "I... He kept ringing." she gasped.
     "That's a good reason. That why you fucked him too?"
     "He found the tape when I was doing my homework." she said,
meekly.
     "So knew what a whore you were and decided to strip and fuck
you." Jeff finished with a sigh.
     "I never should have left that tape lying around like that. He
could probably call the police or somebody and have Mom arrested."
     "He wouldn't do that, would he?" she asked, fearfully.
     "I don't know. He was always kind of a prick though. I wish I
knew what he was doing up there."
     "He's probably fucking Mom." she sniffed.
     He frowned. "Do you think so?"
     "Of course I think so."
     He glared up at the stairs.
     "Maybe I should go up and stop him."
     "You didn't try and stop him from fucking me."
     "Who cares about you, you little brat?"
     She muttered something.
     "What?"
     "Could you... um... untie me?" 
     He sighed, and glared at her.

     Peter closed the door behind them and then looked around the
room appreciatively. 
     "Nice place here, real nice." he smiled.
     He went over to the big double bed.
     "Tell, me, does Jeff sleep here, or Paige, or do you just fuck
them here?"
     She looked down at the floor and said nothing.
     "You always were a hot little slut Allyson." he grinned.
     "What do you want Peter?" 
     "Oh, nothing much." he stood before her, then his hands
suddenly gripped her shirt and tore it open, popping buttons all
over the room. She drew back momentarily at the show of violence
but he merely grinned at her, holding her shirt and gazing down at
her breasts.
     "Real nice titties Allyson. I always liked them."
     She frowned crossly but didn't try to cover her chest.  He
pushed her shirt off, then pulled down her pants and stood back to
look at her nakedness.
     "You're just as gorgeous as when I married you." he sighed.
He looked down at her shaved slit, then palmed it easily. "I like
this. Was it Jeff's idea?"
     She nodded.
     "He's got good taste, that boy." he grinned.
     He pushed her back so she fell on the bed, then grabbed her
legs easily, pulling them up and apart.
     "That's nice. That's real nice." he leered.
     He dropped her legs, then slowly got undressed.
He carefully folded his shirt and pants across a chair, then
dropped his underwear on top. His cock was big and hard, and stood
out proudly from the thick growth of pubic hair at his crotch.
     He grinned malevolently, then knelt between her legs. He
grabbed her ankles and pulled her legs up, up, up, and then shoved
them way back, making her wince as she was folded in two. He pushed
her ankles back so they touched the side of her ears and her ass
was raised off the bed. He rubbed her feet against her head,
grinning nastily.
     He grabbed her by the hair, pulling her head upward, then
jammed her feet behind her head, holding the ankles together in one
big hand.
     "Now that looks nice." he purred.
     "I wish I could get a picture of you like this, keep one in my
wallet to show my friends." he laughed.
     He rubbed his rough hand back and forth over her bare pussy,
then stiffened a finger and thrust it down into her asshole,
wiggling it around inside her.
     "Nice and tight, you always had the tightest little asshole."
he sighed.
     He held his cock and knelt over her, positioning it at her
little round hole, then he pushed forward, pressing the bulbous
cockhead against her rectal opening and slowly forcing it inside.
     "Yeah!" he sighed. "Oh, yeahhhhh!"
     He pushed down harder, moving his cock deeper into her tight
anus. He watched the round cock pole move into the tight round
hole, watched the skin clasped against it as the rod moved forward.
     He didn't give her time to accommodate his thick girth, too
eager to embed his prick in her body. He kept jamming himself down,
forcing his cock into her until his balls were resting against her
buttocks. She could feel his fat cockhead deep inside her and
shuddered against the pain.
     "I know you like it slut." he gasped, pushing against her.
     His body covered hers, squeezing her even tighter together. He
let all his weight come down on her as he sought to force every
last centimetre of cock into her asshole.
     Then he started to pull back. Her asshole hurt as much when he
pulled back as when he pulled forward. He didn't care though. He
jerked his cock a full six inches back out of her anal tube, then
grunted with effort as he thrust forward again.
     "Oh Jesus!" she gasped.
     "Take it bitch! Take My cock!" he hissed.
     He started thrusting up and down against the woman, jamming
and tearing his prick up and down her anal chute. Her asshole
clutched and sucked at his prick as he rutted into her. His cock
felt the heat and slick, velvety heat of her body around it as it
slid in and out of her.
     "His ass rose and fell furiously, his hips smacking and
cracking down into the tiny, forlorn woman with furious savagery.
He drove his cock down into her asshole with terrible glee,
watching her face wince and cringe from the pain he was inflicting
on her.
     "Maybe I should fuck you in the cunt instead." he gasped. 
     "I should fuck a baby into you, a girl this time so I could
fuck her in the asshole when you're too old!"
     He crashed down into her again and again, moaning in pleasure
as her anus gripped him tight.
     Then he felt his sperm bubble upward. His head boiled with
furious lust and excitement as his cock exploded, spraying white
gunk down into her asshole.
     "Ohhhhh babbbbyyyyyyy!" he groaned. 
     "Swallow it, swallow it! Take my seed!"
     He crammed his dick far down her ass tube and held it there,
squashing her to the bed with his body as his penis emptied out
it's load.
     After a few moments, he pulled back, his semi flaccid tool
popping out of her slick anal mouth. He rolled away and staggered
across to the dresser, then combed his hair with one of her combs
as he grinned at her in the mirror.
     "Not a bad ride." he commented.
     Allyson slowly pulled her feet out from behind her head and
lowered them one by one onto the bed. Her back ached from being
bent up so tight and subjected to such abuse. Her anus didn't feel
very good either.
     He put his pants on and then winked at her as he walked out
the door. 
     "Maybe I'll find that daughter of yours and fuck her instead."
he grinned.
     "Maybe I'll make myself a grandfather."
     She glared resentfully after him as the door closed, then
slowly got up and got dressed. She wished he'd just go away and not
come back. She couldn't think of anyone she hated more. She was too
afraid to say so though.
     When she got downstairs, she found Peter rooting through the
cupboards in the dining room.
     "What are you looking for?" she demanded.
     He started in surprise, then looked nonchalant as he turned to
face her.
     "You've got a nice body Allyson." he grinned.
     "So?"
     "Do you really think I'd come all the way here just to see it
though?"
     "You didn't come here to see me?" 
     "Actually I didn't come here to see you for your body, or even
your delightful daughter's body." he grinned. 
     "Oh?" she said, warily.
     "You see, I'm in a little trouble. I need ten thousand
dollars."
     "Where are you going to get that kind of money?"
     "Off you, you silly little bitch."
     "Me? I can't give you ten thousand dollars!"
     "You can if you want to stay out of jail." he leered.
     "What do you think the cops would think if they found out you
were screwing your kids?"
     "But... I... I."
     "Just write me out a check and I'll take off." he said. 
     "I don't have that kind of money, and anyway Jeff has the
checkbooks now." she protested.
     "You can get them back."
     "No I can't. You'd have to ask him, and I don't think he'd
agree."
     Peter glared at her and stormed out the doors to the living
room. He was sure he could make money out of this somehow. Paige
was lying on the couch watching TV.
He eyed the blonde girl greedily, imagining just how much money
could be made off her in New York. She looked back sullenly as he
walked over to her.
     "You and me are gonna take a little trip to the big apple." he
grinned. 
     "I'm not going anywhere with you." she said.
He grabbed her arm tightly, making her wince.
     "You're gonna be my meal ticket, slut. You're gonna spread
those pretty little legs of yours for a few friends of mine and get
me out of hock."
     "Mom!" she cried.
     "Just shut up and do what you're told or I'll have the cops
come down and put your Mother in jail." he glared.
Just then Allyson came through the kitchen doors. She looked at the
two in surprise and consternation.
     "Where are you going with Paige?" she demanded.
     "She's coming with me to New York. I'm gonna show her the
town." he looked down at Paige and leered. "and show her to the
town."
     "But... but..."
     "Don't worry Allyson, she'll be back in a few months." he
smirked. He opened the door, still holding Paige by the arm.
     "What's going on here?" Jeff demanded.
     Peter looked back in surprise.
     "Oh, uh... hi there Jeff."
     "Where are you going with her?"
     "Well... you see..." He looked from Paige to Jeff and then
back again. Finally he grinned and moved over to Jeff.
     "Look son, you see, well, you know how I said I needed money
real bad?"
Jeff nodded.
     "Well, you wouldn't want me to take your Mother's money would
you?"
     "No."
     "Well, Paige here is going to help me out of my money
problems."
     Jeff looked at him suspiciously.
     "How is she going to do that?"
     Peter grinned. It turned his unshaven face even more devious
looking.
     "I'm gonna take her to New York with me... kind of... show her
the town."
     "How is that going to help you with your money troubles?"
     "Look, kid. Don't be so dumb. There's a lot of guys who'll pay
big bucks for a few minutes with a hot little job like her."
     Paige looked down at the floor.
     "You mean you want to turn her into a whore?"
     "She's already a whore. I just want to make a profit out of
it."
     "Forget it."
     "Look kid."
     Jeff grabbed him by the jacket and twisted him around
sideways, slamming him into the wall.
     "You get your ass out of here now and don't come back!" he
hissed.
     "I... I'll tell the cops about..."
     "Who'd believe you anyway?" Jeff snarled. "You can tell them
all you want, and you know something? We'll tell them some things
too, like how you raped Paige."
     "I didn't..."
     "Who cares? They'll believe her. You can spend the next couple
of years in prison if you like."
Peter swallowed nervously, looking from Jeff to Allyson to Paige.
     Jeff dragged him over to the front door and flung him out,
then slammed the door behind him.
     "Thanks." Paige said in a small voice.
     "Hey, don't thank me. I wouldn't let anything happen to you."
he kissed her on the forehead. 
     She opened her eyes in surprise, then giggled as she felt his
hand slither down the back of her pants and cup her buttocks. They
walked back towards the couch, Jeff nuzzling at the side of her
throat.  
