Archive-name: Bondage/jeni32.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money


Epilogue

   Jeni, lost in thought, still stood under the street light as the
snow continued to swirl about her.  The memory of that night, spread a
warmth through her body that shielded it from the cold.
   She remembered how, ever since that night, the suggestion that they
grab a quick bite at Harry's had become their code for another night of
wild abandonment.  There had many of those over the past three years. 
And she had to admit that nights like that, more than made up for a
night like this.
   True, he turned her out soon after that fateful night.  She had
worked for his escort service for awhile.  She had been his whore.  She
had been everything, and anything, he wanted her to be.  And she had
been damn good at it, too.
   Nicky still recruited his girls from each year's crop of runaways. 
And she, as Laurie had done with her, helped him break them in.  But
unlike Laurie, Jeni had become his woman.  She still shared the same
apartment with him, a feat never seen before, according to the other
girls.
   She hardly ever had to turn tricks for him any more.  Though
sometimes she did, when he was short a girl, or the urge hit her.  She
still danced at the club, from time to time.  Not because he asked her
to, but because she enjoyed it.  Jeni was happier these past three
years, than she had ever been before she had met him.
   Nicky still had trouble talking about love.  But she knew, that deep
down, he loved her.  She could see it in the way he looked at her, late
at night.  Or, by how he held her, when he thought know one was
looking.
   The only time he'd have her do anything like tonight, was when he
was pissed off at her for something.  She chuckled to herself,
remembering how she had got him pissed off this time.  But that guy at
the club had been so cute, and had such a sweet ass.  If Nicky had only
shown up a few minutes later, he'd never have known.  But he never
stayed mad at her long, because he knew she was his, heart and soul.
   Jeni almost didn't notice the car as it pulled up beside her.  She
leaned over to look in, and heard, "Hey you with the sexy ass, how
about we grab a quick bite at Harry's?"
   She quickly jumped into the car, and it disappeared into the
swirling snow that drifted to the ground within the glow of a street
light.


  =======================================================================
  "Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money" Epilogue - by T. F. Yank
  -- Copyright (c) 1991 by DEH Enterprises. All Rights Reserved.
  Permission is granted to distribute in electonic format, unaltered and
  un-edited with this copyright statement intact.  Hardcopies are limited
  to single printing for private, non-profit use only.
  =======================================================================
--
