Archive-name: Bondage/jeni30.txt
Archive-author: T.F.Yank
Archive-title: Jeni's Story: She works hard for the money


Chapter Thirty

   Later, she saw Nicky, Mixer and Cheryl leave the office.  Nicky was
laughing.  Cheryl again gave him a kiss.  Nicky didn't seem in much of
a hurry to end it either.  Jeni watched as his hand moved down to
squeeze Cheryl's buttocks.
   She felt a twinge of jealousy, but knew better than to do anything
about it.  She made herself busy by cleaning the ashtrays.  Nicky came
over to her, and said, "Okay sweet thing, I'll see you around noon
tomorrow.  Don't forget to hustle that sexy ass tonight.  I'm looking
forward to the money."
   Jeni felt a bit peeved.  Again, she was going to have to spend the
night alone.  The more she thought about it, the angrier she became. 
"So where do you plan on spending the night, tonight?  I'm only good
enough to make a few bucks for you, but not good enough to share your
bed?  And talking about money, what percentage do you figure I'm worth? 
Five?  Ten?"
   "Whoa!  What the hell has gotten in to you?  What's this about you
not being good enough to share my bed?  And the money?  What percentage
do you want, just name it.  Forty, fifty, sixty percent?  Hell, I never
said anything about money, because I thought we were going to put all
of it against my loan.  But if you feel that strongly about it, I don't
have any problems.  Just say what percentage you want.  You want it
all?  You can have it all.  I'll find another way to raise the cash.  I
don't know what you're so pissed off about?"
   "I'm sorry Nicky.  I don't know what came over me.  No, that's not
true.  I promised you I wouldn't lie any more.  I saw you with Cheryl. 
I guess I was kinda jealous.  You've been promising me for so long, how
we were going to make love, and you always seem to have an excuse why
we can't.  I don't know any more.  All I do know is I want you.  And I
want you bad."
   "Is that all?  Want to do it here?  Or would you rather do it on
stage?"
   "If those are the only two choices I have, I guess I'd rather do it
on stage, so everyone can see us finally do it."
   Nicky laughed out loud as he pulled her to him.  His hands cupped
her buttocks as he nuzzled his lips against her neck.  "I had hoped
your first time would be more romantic than that.  About the money, how
much do you want?"
   "I don't want any, really.  Well, it would be nice to have some
spending money, but we already agreed whatever I make here goes to
paying off your loan to Mixer.  I guess I was just feeling jealous, and
maybe a little lonely, too."
   "Look, I really do have an engagement I have to keep.  But I should
be back in about an hour, two at the latest.  You see what you can do
about making some more coin while I'm gone.  And when I make it back
here, we'll take off."
   "Never did feed you like I said I would.  So, we'll get something to
eat, and then, we'll spend a romantic evening together, in private.  I
never was one for public shows.  What do you say?"
   "Really Nicky?  You mean it?  God, I wish it was now.  Maybe if you
leave right now, you can make it back here sooner.  And while you're
gone, I'll make as much as I can.  I'll spend the entire time against
that back wall.  Please hurry back."
   "I better let Mixer know that you'll be leaving early tonight, in
case he needs to arrange for another girl to come in.  And as far as
money's concerned, whatever you make tonight, you keep.  When you're
running low, take whatever you need from your nightly take.  Just make
sure you're honest about it, and let me know."
   "Oh Nicky.  I love you so much," Jeni cried as she threw her arms
around him, and kissed him.  He returned her kiss as his hands stroked
her body.  He pulled away from her grasp, saying "I had better get my
ass out of here, or we just might end up on that stage.  See you
later."
   Jeni reluctantly let him go.  She watched as he made his way to the
door.  She saw him say something to Mixer, indicating her.  He waved to
her as he left.  Jeni went back to checking the tables, while she
waited for her turn to take the stage.
   She did notice there were quite a few guys making the trip to the
back room.  She hoped Laurie was doing okay.  She wasn't looking
forward to going to this Spidey's place the next day.  Just the guy's
name gave her the creeps.
   She did her turn on stage, and afterward, danced at a few tables. 
She let it be known that she didn't mind dancing against the back wall. 
Soon, she had more takers than she could handle.
   Most of the guys weren't too bad.  They seemed satisfied with
feeling her breasts and buttocks.  One guy kept insisting she feel his
penis.  He even suggested she might want to take it out of his pants.
   She told him, very politely, she was truly impressed by its size,
but didn't want to embarrass the rest of the guys by taking it out in
the open.  He laughed, and let her finish the dance.  He even gave her
an extra ten.  All in all, she didn't find it too bad.  And she was
making money like crazy.
   She was about half way through her second time on stage, when she
saw Nicky return.  He stood at the bar, watching her.  She tried to be
as sexy as possible as she danced exclusively for him.
   When she was finally finished, she received a loud round of applause
from the crowd.  But it was seeing Nicky applaud her that really
mattered.  She rushed off stage, making excuses to the guys who
pestered her for a dance.  She made a straight line right to Nicky, and
threw her arms around him.  "You came back."
   "Hey, I said I would.  I ain't never lied to you yet.  You were
pretty good up there on stage.  I wanted to fuck you right there, you
turned me on so much.  And it looks like you affected the rest of the
cocks in here the same way."
   "Thanks Nicky, but I wasn't dancing for the rest of the cocks in
here, just the one right here in my hand."  Jeni boldly reached out and
grabbed Nicky's crotch.  "Can we leave now?"
   "Gee, I dunno.  Seemed like an awful lot of those cocks out there,
want you to dance for them.  You'd be missing out on a lot of easy
money.  And we could use it too.  But if you really want to leave?"
   "No.  I guess you're right.  It would be stupid to pass up on that. 
But as soon as I'm finished, can we leave?"
   "Hey, you don't have to do that, really.  We can leave now, if you
want.  I'd rather have you dancing in my bed anyways."
   "No, you were right the first time.  I better grab the chance now. 
I'll have all night to dance with you."
   Nicky gave her a pat on the bum, and sent her off.  Jeni went around
to the tables, and was asked to dance immediately.  As before, most of
the requests were for dances in the back, and she complied.  She
constantly looked over her shoulder to see Nicky.  He simply sat at the
bar and waited.  When at last, the demand for her seemed to die down,
she eagerly returned to Nicky.
   "Okay, I'm almost ready.  Just have to change, and I'll be right
back."
   "Good, but before you do, I want to check in on Laurie.  Why don't
you come with me?"
   "Gee I don't know.  What if she's busy?"
   "She damn well better be.  Come on, I want you to."
   Jeni reluctantly agreed.  They quietly entered the room.  Laurie was
up on some boxes, doggie fashion, as a guy stood behind her.  His pants
were down around his ankles, and he was pistoning hard against her ass. 
Jeni could hear the loud slapping of flesh against flesh fill the room.
   "Oh, your ass is so fucking tight.  Does it feel good for you too?"
   "Ooh yes.  I can feel you filling me up with that enormous cock of
yours.  Oh fuck me harder, I want all you can give me.  Fuck my ass. 
Oh harder, please harder.  Ooh it feels so good."
   The fellow noticed Nicky and Jeni standing there.  "Hey!  Find your
own fucking room, this one is taken."
   "Gee, sorry.  I didn't realize it.  Boy, she really looks tight.  Is
she as good as she looks?"
   "Tighter, but you'll have to wait your turn, cause right now this
ass is mine.  So fuck off, will you?"
   Laurie turned to look at them.  Jeni really felt bad, seeing the
pain in Laurie's eyes.  She wished there was something she could do,
but Laurie had tried to cheat Nicky.  Whatever happened, she had it
coming to her.  Nicky again apologized to the guy, and led Jeni out of
the room.
   They headed for the front door, where Nicky said to Mixer, "Keep her
busy.  Maybe you can have them start double teaming her.  Offer it as a
special.  A butt fuck and a blow job for the price of one.  I'm sure
you can come up with some ideas yourself."
   "Yeah, no sweat.  And I promise you when Cheryl and I get through
with her tonight, she won't mind spending time at Spidey's."
   Jeni didn't like the evil laughter that followed.  Again her heart
went out to Laurie, but she knew there was nothing she could do for the
girl.  Saying good night to Cheryl and Mixer, they left.
   Once in the car, Nicky asked her how she had made out that night. 
She, quite proudly, pulled out a large wad of bills, and handed it to
him.  He carefully counted them as he tried to keep one hand and one
eye on driving.
   "Sweet Jesus, girl.  You did fantastic!  You must have spent the
entire night on that back wall."
   "I almost did.  I did it for you, to prove that I could do something
right for a change."
   "Well you certainly did.  Here take it, it's yours."
   "But I did it for you, Nicky.  You keep it."
   "No!  I said whatever you made tonight was yours to keep."
   "Please Nicky, I don't need it, really.  I wouldn't even know what
to buy with it.  You buy my clothes, my food, even give me a place to
stay.  I really don't need anything else.  I want you to take it. 
Please?"
   "How can I argue with someone as sexy as you.  But here, take this
at least.  You need some spending money.  I should have thought about
that before you tried to tear my eyes out earlier."
   Jeni reluctantly took the money offered, and cuddled up against him,
dreaming about what it would be like when they soon made love.
   Nicky turned to her and said, "How about we get a bite to eat.  I'm
starved."
   Jeni was disappointed.  She had hoped they were going straight home. 
But she agreed.
   Nicky seeing her disappointment, laughed and said, "Come on.  If you
expect me to be able to make love to you all night, I need some energy. 
We'll just stop off at Harry's, and grab a quick bite before I allow
you to rape the shit out of me later.  Okay?"
   Jeni nodded her head okay.  She thought it fitting that they should
be going Harry's to eat.  That was where this roller coaster ride had
begun.  Where she first fell in love with Nicky's deep blue eyes.  Had
it only been four days ago?
   She thought how much she had changed in that time.  Things that she
had done.  If someone had told her a week ago that she would be dancing
in a strip club, letting guys paw over her body.  That she would have
gone down on another girl, jacked off some old bum, for money even. 
And that she would enjoy it.
   Yes, she had changed.  And if they ever said that she would be
sitting here, wanting to be made love to, wanting this man to do what
he wanted to her body,  she would have either laughed in their face. 
Or more probably, gone running home, crying her eyes out.
   But here she sat.  Yes, she had danced naked.  And had allowed guys
to put their hands on her body.  And she had enjoyed it.  The power,
and the money.  And yes, she had eaten cunt, and had hers eaten in
turn.  And she enjoyed that even more.  She even licked the old man's
cum from her hand.
   She knew she would enjoy Nicky making love to her more than any of
the rest.  And she knew that she would do anything, yes, anything at
all, to ensure that he continued to pay attention to her.
   She was in love with him.  And she hated to admit it, but she knew
he didn't feel the same for her.  Yet!  But if she really tried to
please him.  If she showed him just how much she loved him, needed him,
maybe he could learn to love her.
   But she also realized his loving her wasn't as important as his
allowing her to stay with him.  Without him, she was nothing.  Like
Laurie had said of herself earlier, she was less than nothing.
   But somehow, when she was with him, when he chose to pay attention
to her, any kind of attention at all, she felt like she was someone. 
Someone special.  And she needed that more than anything else.  Closing
her eyes, and snuggling even closer to him, she dreamed of what their
love making would be like.
   She must have dozed off because the next thing she knew, Nicky was
gently shaking her.
   "Come on, sweet thing.  Don't flake out on me now.  Let's get
something to eat.  And I think you could use some coffee to wake up."
   Jeni kissed him.  They got out of the car, and went into the little
restaurant.  Nicky led the way, and they sat at the same table as the
first time.  Jeni wondered if he remembered, or if it were just
coincidence.
   She was ashamed of that thought when she heard Nicky say, "Remember
the first time we sat here?  I thought you were going to be sick all
over me.  And boy did you stink.  I had all I could do, not puking
myself.  But little did I realize what a prize I had discovered, until
I took you home and cleaned you up.  I hate to admit this, but except
for your occasional tendency to lie, I haven't had any regrets.  I
wonder sometimes if you feel the same way.  I mean that it was lucky
for both of us that we met that day."
   Jeni started to sob.  "Hey I'm sorry," he said, reaching for her
hand.  "I don't know what I did, but I hate to see you so sad."
   Between sobs, Jeni replied, "I'm not sad, I'm happy.  If you only
knew what it meant to me, meeting you that day.  And how much I
appreciate your kindness since then.  I had no where to go.  I was
starving.  I was scared.  You took me in, fed me, clothed me.  You gave
me a reason to go on.  You showed me I could be someone.  You showed me
what love is.  That was something I no longer believed existed.  Oh
Nicky, I love you so much.  I would do anything I could for you.  I
want you to love me, but I don't expect it.  Just knowing that you like
me, and you want me around, will be enough.  Oh Nicky, I wish we were
alone so I could show you just how happy you make me feel."
   "Well, it's good to see the old motor mouth spewing forth.  I did
say we would grab a quick bite, and then go back to the apartment.  But
if you'd rather just leave now?"
   "No, I can wait.  It will make it that much better when it finally
does happen.  And I guess I'm pretty hungry too.  So what do we eat?"
   Nicky laughed at her change of heart, and called to Harry to bring
them some burgers and fries.  Nicky got up and pour them some coffee. 
Jeni sat there, sipping the steamy hot coffee, her eyes glued to
Nicky's face.
   She saw his hands surround the coffee cup as they raised it to his
lips.  She could see the strength in them, and remembered what it had
felt like when they had touched her body.  Her eyes were drawn to his
full lips, and the memory of their touch on her body, on her vagina,
sent shivers through her body.
   She closed her eyes, and remembered the times that Nicky had touched
and kissed her.  The thoughts made her squirm in her seat, her thighs
rubbing tightly together, her vagina feeling hot and wet.
   The sound of a plate hitting the table brought her back to reality. 
She blushed deeply as she saw Harry staring at her.  "I hope you're not
going to get sick on me again.  I had a bitch of a time cleaning up the
ladies' can the last time."
   "Leave her alone, Harry.  Just bring us our food.  Christ, the way
you treat customers, it's surprising that you have any."
   Harry snarled, "Fuck off, Nicky.  And hold your horses.  The rest of
the food's coming.  The shit I have to put up with in this business.  I
should have listened to my mother when she told me to become a doctor."
   "You right there, Harry," sniped Nicky. "The way you cook, you'd
have made a mint treating the customers for food poisoning."
   Harry gave a gruff laugh, and went to get the rest of their order. 
Jeni sat there, giggling.
   "What the hell are you laughing at?  Poor Harry's just looking for a
little respect.  And that's just what we give him, very little
respect."
   "I heard that, you bastard," Harry called over to the table.  "Just
for that, I've put rat poisoning in your fries."
   "Shit, it would probably improve the flavor," Nicky called back. 
Jeni couldn't help herself.  She couldn't stop laughing, and nearly
choked when she tried to take a sip of her coffee.
   "See what I mean.  Even the coffee in here is poison.  Look at this
poor defenceless girl gasping for her final breath.  All you in here
are witnesses to Harry trying to murder her."
   The few people in the place laughed.  One guy called out, "Me?  I
ain't seen nothing.  If I ever admitted that I did, I would be the next
to go.  Ever since my old lady left me, I can't afford any place else
to eat."
   His pal ribbed him, saying, "Come off it, the reason she left you
was cause you said her cooking was worse than Harry's."
   Again everyone laughed.  The first guy added, "But it was.  Why do
you think I can stomach Harry's cooking?  After my ol'lady's, his
cooking is like gourmet shit."
   "I dunno about it being gourmet, but you're sure right about it
being shit," someone else threw in.  The banter continued as Jeni tried
to eat her food.

--
