Archive-name: Bondage/jensub02.txt
Archive-author: Storm
Archive-title: Jennifer's Submission


               Part 2 - Jennifer's First Time Tied

     Brad woke up first the next morning with Jen's head snuggled
on his chest.  He watched as she slept, her face towards his.  He
reached down and touched her bare breasts, gently tweaking her
nipples until they were hard.

     She stirred, he stopped while she shifted her position.  When
she settled, he let his hands roam down her belly to her mound, Jen
shifted again, a quiet throaty groan escaping her mouth.

     Brad carefully picked up the bandanna that was on the night
table near the bed and carefully bound her hands in front of her,
then went back to gently rubbing her outer pussy lips, he let his
middle finger slip between them.

     She was still wet from last night so his fingers glided in
easily.  Again, she stirred, this time rolling onto her back and
unconsciously spreading her legs wide, exposing her sensitive clit
to his probing finger.

     He moved his finger slowly around her clit, her hips starting
to rotate with his actions, her face twisting, showing signs of
giving in to the pleasure in her sleep.

     Brad slid his middle finger into her hole, smiling as she
gasped, her eyes fluttering lazily open as he used his thumb to
stroke her clit as he slowly finger fucked her snatch.

     He watched as her chest rose and fell rapidly, she was very
excited.  Jen didn't think it possible to be more excited than she
was last night, but here she was, ready to fuck again!!

     Jen tried to smile up at Brad, but his fingers were too much
of a distraction for her, "Good morning, Jen."

     She looked up at him, her body trembling as Brad brought her
increasingly closer to an orgasm.  Jennifer wanted desperately to
touch him, to touch herself but was unable to due to the fact that
her hands were tied behind her, she rolled her eyes in frustration
as she fought to free her hands.  He waited until her eyes closed
and she arched her back and then spread her lips and licked around
her clit with his tongue.

     Brad moved between Jen's spread legs and pushed his cock
between her lips.  He stopped finger fucking her and slid the head
of his cock into her dripping wet hole.

     Jen's head jolted up, her mouth open in a pleasurable groan as
her orgasm racked her body as he pumped her.  Brad thought he was
going to come right then and there as he listened to her pant and
gasp for air, small grunting and whining sounds emitting from her
mouth as she clawed the mattress of the bed beneath her, watching
her sweaty body writhe on the bed, her glistening chest rising and
falling rapidly as he sank his cock deep into her beautiful body.

     He thought that his balls were going to explode if she didn't
cum soon, watching her slender arms muscles bulge as she fought her
restraints was all he could stand!  He pumped her wildly, Jen
meeting every stroke by gyrating her hips, their bodies making as
slapping sound as they met with each stroke.

     Brad was having a hard time holding back, Jen was thrashing
wildly about the bed.  She looked up at him, her face wild and
twisted, "Bruh... Brad... ruuuub... mm..mmy clit..."

     He couldn't believe his ears!!  He wanted to push her further,
"You'd really like that, wouldn't you"  Jennifer looked shyly up at
him, her sweet young face flush with embarrassment.  "It's okay
Jenny, you'd like to rub it yourself, wouldn't you?"

     Her face fire engine red, she wildly fought the bandanna
around her wrists.  Brad leaned over her and untied her hands. 
When she reached around in front of her, he retied them and watched
as she timidly lowered her bound hands to her crotch and slipped
two fingers between her spread lips, her other hand balled tightly
into a fist.

     Her fingers came in contact with her sensitive button and she
dropped her head back to the bed, her mouth was open to scream but
the most she could utter was a faint gurgle, her hips dancing to
the rhythm of the humping, incredibly turned on that she was tied
up and not in control.

     Brad watched as she moved her hand faster and faster, her
breathing so shallow he thought she was going to faint.  Hey pussy
suddenly trembled and squeezed his hard rod, she tensed and
whimpered, her body jerking wildly as she came.

     Brad was almost out of control, he was ready to let go as her
pussy pulled and sucked his shaft.  Brad pulled out and straddled
her chest taking his cock into his hand and jerked himself off as
he slid his cock into her hot and sweaty flush face.

     It was only seconds before he shoved his cock to the back of
her throat and emptied his load, smiling as he watched her struggle
to swallow between gasps of air.

     They collapsed together on the bed.  Jennifer knew she wanted
to do this again.  She snuggled against Brad who was going to undo
her hands when she stopped him, "No... leave them?" she asked.

     Brad looked at her pleasantly surprised, and with her hands
still tied, she snuggled against his warm body.  Brad held Jen's
trembling body until they were both fast asleep.

                     Coming soon:  Part 3!!!!
--
