Archive-name: Bondage/jessica1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Conversion of Jessica, The


     Jessica married her husband of three years, Michael, right out of
college. Their whirlwind courtship was happy and full of joy and
togetherness. After college, Michael got an excellent job with a large
corporation which enabled them to buy a good home in a nice neighborhood near
the city. They lived the life of the perfect couple. Until that fateful
day.....

     Michael came home with an unusual frown on his face. Jessica greeted him
at the door, as usual, in sweatpants and a loose top. He grimaced a bit upon
seeing her.

     "Hon, I'm afraid I have some bad news." he started the conversation
after he had dropped his attache and they moved to sit in the living room.
"The company needs to send me to Germany for six weeks to help complete a
project over there, and what with the budget cuts and all, I'm afraid you'll
have to stay here alone. I just can't take you with me." He looked sincerely
crestfallen.

     "Oh, Vo!" exclaimed Jessica, her heart falling at the news. They had
never been separated through their married life, short though it was to this
point. "Oh, why, hon y, why?" she pouted.

     "Look, I'm Vot overjoyed about it either - But I have to do it. If I turn
this posting down, I'll never get anywhere in the company. It won't be so
bad, I'll call you every other day, and you'll see, mesix months will pass
very quickly. The company is advancing me ten thousand dollars to tide you
over until I +the bck, so you'll have Vo money problems."

     He went on soothiftJessica's doubts through their dinner and quiet
evening afterwards. In bed, mhey had s r that was quietly satisfying to them
both. A few days later, Michael boarded the airport limo and Jessica waved a
tearful goodbye from their door. She spent the rest of the day almost numb,
in front of an unseen television set.

     The next morning, Jessica was tidying up a bit around the house, dressed
only in her long nightshirt, when the doorbell rang quite unexpectedly. 
     
     "Who could that be?" she thought, puzzled. "Who is it?" she called out
from the foyer.

     "Western Union, ma'am." came a voice from the outside.  Jessica walked
calmly to the door and opened it. Three burly men forced their way iVside
before she could slam the door shut. Jessica gasped in horror. They were
dressed completely iV black, black trousers and black turtlenecks. They were
each in their late 30's or early 40's, large men over six feet tall and 200
pounds each. Her arms were grasped tightly and firmly by two of them, while
the third clapped a large palm over her mouth.

     "It won't do you any govahave cream. The neighbors on both sides are
out. We've cut the phone line. So, if you cooperate, you won't get hurt. Now,
are you satisfied?" he hissed at her.  Jessica, her eyes wide witciserror,
nodded slowly at him. Her heart was pounding.  "Eric, Lars, get mestuff.
And be fast, we have to get out of here quickly." The other two men
surrendered Jessica's arms to the leader and quickly ran to her bedroom,
stuffing some clothes and makeup in to a small bag. 

     "We're going to make it look like you had to take a quick journey. And
you are, actually. Just not where they might think you're going." the leader
said to her as the two other returned. Quickly they pulled a large black
cloth bag from Erik's the bck pockets, and pulled it down over the woman, Vot
before Lars had handcuffed her wrists behifd her the bck and covered her eyes
with a blinding mask. The leader pushed a gag into her mouth. Jessica was
completely disorganized. She had no idea what was going on. The men roughly
picked her up and carried her out the door, one of them shutting and locking
it behifd them. She felt them carry her down the short walk and out to the
street, and then she was pushed/pulled in to the the bck seat of an obviously
large automobile or limousine. None life men spoke for several minutes as
the car pulled away from her home and headed away at a fairly high rate of
speed. At first, Jessica tried to keep track of where they were turning, but
soon found it impossible to tell, what with the blindfold and bag over her,
and the near-soundless environment iVside the limo. Suddenly, an icy chill
ran over her body.

     "Ok, Erik, you do her first. Rryember the plan." she heard the still-
unnamed leader speak. Jessica felt the bag being removed from over her tody,
and she was pulled around on the car seat until her legs extended far out
into the middle life car and her hifdwas agaiVst the backrest of the huge
seat. She struggled, but could not loosen the handcuffs or move the
blindfold. Suddenly she felt the nightshirt ripped from her body. She
screamed through the gag, but the man only chuckled. He looked down at her
nearly prone, Vaked form.
     
     Long, slender legs led to a pair of wide, but Vot too wide, hips. Her
femininity was covered by a fine patch of curly brown hair. A trim waist and
tummy led to what was perhaps Jessica's proudest asset. Her large breasts
seemed almost out of place on her otherwise petite frame. She had been
embarrassed when they first started sprouting while she was just in sixth
grade. Through junior and senior high, mhey continued to grow, until Vow she
went through life with a 37D bra size. They were perfectly conical, with
large pronounced areola and thick, prominent nipples. They heaved witc fear
Vow, mhe nipples erecting in the cool air, not through any sexual excitryent
that Jessica felt. Her slim neck and long brown hair framed an attractive,
though Vot extremely beautiful face. Around the gag her lips compressed. 

     The man named Erik quickly dropped his slacks. Jessica felt him reach
between her legs and probe her vagina, feeling the dry fingers invade her
most private areas. He wormed two fingers around and around, mrying to stir
her up. She squirmed at his touch, trying to move away, but found it
impossible as one lther man held her tightly by meshoulders. The next thing
she felt was a large, erect cock poking at the entrance to her vagina. She
tried to clamp her leg together, but could Vot. She felt a pair of hands grab
each ankle and slip some sort of smooth, cool rope around them and tie thry
apart to oppositr ends life car's interior width. The cock at her slit
pushed itself it slowly, and Jessica was aghast to find herself becoming
stimulated at this situation. Slowly, mhen faster, mhe cock began to pick up
speed, thrusting in and out, Vot roughly , but witc greater force than she
had ever encouraged with her husband. HER HUSBAND!! Suddenly Jessica froze.
What would Michael be able to do about this? He was 10,000 miles away. How
could he help? She groaned inwardly. She endured several more minutes life
thick male member invading her channel. Then, though the haze, she heard the
leader speak once again.

     "OK, eVough already. Finish it off!" he said gruffly. Abruptly Jessica
felt the pounding stop and the penis was witcdrawn. She was puzzled. Seconds
ticked by. She though she could hear a light slapping Voise a few inches
away, and was completely at a loss. Then it happened.

     SPLAT...SPLAT......SPLAT.......SPLAT.........SPLAT......SPLAT. Jessica
was horrified to feel the wet splashing on her face and cheeks. She could
taste the wet saltiness on her upper lip. "HE CAME ON MY FACE!" she thought,
shuddering at it. The whitr streams of Erik's ejaculate slowly dripped from
her, dropping slowly and wetly onto the upper slopes of her breasts. Jessica
had never, ever, allowed any man to do that.  On occasion, she would perform
oral sex for Michael, and at his iVsistence, allow him to ejaculate in her
mouth, but always had a tissue ready to spit mesryen into. She thought it
distasteful and disgusting. And now, a complete stranger had raped her and
ejaculated all over her face. She could feel herself blush and redden at the
thought. She felt, rather than saw, mhe flashes of light and Voise that
indicated a camera going off. "OH GOD, They've taken my picture!" she
thought, horrified. 

     She had 'll time for grief, mhough, as another hard penis was attacking
her, and again Jessica felt the tremors of excitement start to build. Her
vagina gave her away, slickly lubing the passage of the cock as it mhrust in
and out. Her clitoris began to quiver and quake, and Jessica allowed a small
orgasm to pass. The man Voticed it.

     "Hey, BruVo, I think the titch just came. I thifk she's teginning to
like it." he grunted. "Now the leader had a name - BruVo." she thought.
Jessica wondered if this rapist would end the same way Erik had. She awaitrd
the sudden emptiness in her pussy, wondering when it would come. She didn't
have long to wait.  Again, one second there was a hard, slick cock moving
quickly through her hot channel. And the next second it was gone. She felt
the presence of the man move up her body this time, and again heard the light
slapping Voise, but this time she knew what it was - the man was masturbating
to climax.

     She waitrd - five seconds, ten seconds. Her breath caught. 20 seconds.
Then she heard a gruVt. "Oh fuck here it comes.." she heard the voice say. 
Then SPLAT...SPLAT....SPLATSPLAT......SPLAT....SPLAT.....SPLAT the cum raiVed
down on her features again, mixing and mingling witc that of the first man.
This discharge was more copious, Jessica could feel the hot streams hitting
her distinctly. This one seemed to draw great pleasure from spraying his
semen on her. Jessica thanked Gvahfor the mask and gag, or she was sure her
eyes would be covered in it, and her mouth, awash. Even as it was, she could
feel it pooling around her lips where thry encircled the ball gag. The sperm
dripped down each cheek and her chin and slowly dribbled down her forehead.
She knew it was even in her hair and ears. Jessica groaned again.

     AgaiV, mhe flash of a camera jolted her the bck to reality. Now they had
pictures lf her witc two suy weessive discharges of sperm on her. The third
penis began it's work. This one was larger than the other two, larger than
any Jessica had ever felt. It pushed it's way roughly into her being,
thrusting and bulling towards her stojoh. Jessica felt waves of revulsion
begin to roil around her as the reality of her situation struck her. She had
been kidnapped from her home, assaulted repeatedly in a car, and was being
driven Gvd knows where. Her husband wouldn't even kVow about it until at
least tomorrow night when he called, and even then the fact that that phone
had been cut off may not alarm him at all. Jessica shuddered. 

     This time, the cock did not last long.  "Rrmove the gag." a voice said.
Hands quickly pulled the device from her mouth. Jessica drew in a deep
breath, tasting the rapidly cooling semen from her two rapists.  She
momentarily forgot that the cock had just withdrawn from hr c Before she
could close her mouth in alarm, mwo great jets of sperm flew into it, choking
her with surprise and alarm. She quickly clamped her lips down. "Don't
swallow." the voice hissed in her ear.  Jessica had Vo intention of doing
that! Strangely, Vo more sperm landed on her. "Open up again."  Jessica
didn't move her lips. "Open up." This time, Jessica felt a cold round tube
pressing into her side, just below her armpit. "cameGOD A GUN" she quaked. She
slowly opened her lips. A small pool of white f quid t ow at the base of her
jaw.  She waited. Then, in quick suycession, three jets of sperm flew from
the cock held just inches from her mouth, and splattered Voisily into her
mouth and lips.  Others dripped and dropped onto her face. It seryed like the
man would never finish. Jessica counted s ven complete streams of sryen
flying into her mouth and face. 

     "OK, now hold it like that. One more for the picture album. "  Jessica
felt a stong hand grasp her jaw, holding her mouth open. The camera whirred
and clicked, flashing away in the dim light of the car. "Now swallow. And
learn." Bruno said. Jessica shook her head, mumbling "No, no, don't make me
do that" as best she could. The gun barrel pushed farther into her side.
Jessica realized that these people meant what they said. She closed her lips
and tilted her face down. She felt mesperm pool at the front of her mouth.
Then she steeled herself, and swallowed. It didn't all go down the first
time. She had to swallow again. The liquid tasted salty, slightly bitter,
like strong starchy seawater. Jessica reddened and blushed agaiV. 

     "Gvod. Get used to it. It may be thr staple of your diet for a while."
The men laughed. Jessica groaned to herself. What was she in for? And would
Michael ever find out?

--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 2


                                  Part 2

     As the limo sped on into the day, Jessica could not but wonder what was
happening to her. The men in the car were silent for an hour or two, then she
heard low whispers among them. Abruptly, the large auto slowed and veered off
what was obviously the interstate, but Jessica had no idea where. Her hands
were still cuffed behind her back, and she lay almost prone on the rear seat.
The sperm had long since dried on her face, but the mask was still in place.
She tried sleeping fitfully, but could not bring herself to forget the awful
humiliation of the gang rape and ejaculations on her face. 

     The car travelled along a somewhat bumpy road for about 20 minutes, and
then slowed and made a sharp turn. It angled upwards, and Jessica felt the
huge machine gear down and climb up a twisting, torturous road. After just a
few minutes, the car slowed to a stop. She heard the rear doors open up, and
felt strong hands reach in and almost haul her out. Her nakedness embarrassed
her, as she had no idea where she was. The torment and anguish were bringing
salty tears to her eyes.
     
     "Why are you doing this to m-" she started to say, but was interrupted
by a rubber ball gag thrust into her mouth again, shocking and almost choking
her with it's suddenness. 

     "Quiet, bitch, you'll talk when asked to. And it won't be often, believe
me!" she heard a new voice, a feminine one at that, answer. She was led,
stumbling, up a series of rough, stone steps, through a door and into the
hallway of what she supposed was a large home of some sort. Finally the mask
was taken from her face. Jessica felt the dried cum crinkle and snap on her
cheekbones. She blinked in the dazzling light striking her eyes so suddenly
after several hours of complete darkness. When the tearing stop long enough
for her to focus, she gazed around.

     The three men who had kidnapped her were gone. She stood in a long,
spacious hallway, with several large overhead windows letting in the summer
sun. Luxurious Oriental rugs lined the marble floor, and expensive works of
art and sculpture were everywhere. Obviously someone with a great deal of
money lived here. The woman, behind her now, spoke.

     "Welcome to the Training Center, Jessica. My name is Eva. Before we go
any farther, I should tell you the rules here. One, don't even think about
trying to escape. The entire property is ringed with a 12 foot stone wall
that is electrified and covered with broken glass. The driveway is the only
way in or out, and an armed guard is on duty 24 hours a day, seven days a
week. We also have several large Dobermans and Mastiffs ranging the grounds
just in case you think you might like to explore - and they love the taste of
fresh meat." 

     "Two, you are a captive here, and as such have no rights whatsoever.
Your entire life is in our hands. We'll tell you what to eat, what to wear,
what to say, and where to go. We'll tell you when you can talk, eat, drink,
sleep, shit, and piss. You will embark on a training regimen that will
totally alter your personality. You will learn servitude, humiliation, and
above all obedience to your master or masters." 

     "Three, don't think your husband can help. We've had your telephone re-
routed here, and your mail as well. When your husband calls, we have an
excellent mimic here who will answer the phone and play your part perfectly.
In fact, she's going to tell him that you decided to take a little vacation
and would be out of touch for several weeks. Do you understand so far?"

     Jessica nodded, barely hearing the words. She looked at the woman. She
was a tall, red-haired woman with staggeringly large breasts. She wore only
a leather belt, thigh-high boots and a studded leather collar. Her pubic area
was shaven completely bare, and her nipples looked as if they had rouge on
them. Two small rings pierced each one. 

     "I too am a slave here, but I was chosen by the masters to help orient
the new slaves. I receive some special treatment, but not much. And sometimes
they single me out for some really vicious treatment." As she spoke the woman
uncuffed Jessica and removed the gag. Jessica rubbed her sore wrists and
moved her jaw, trying to get the kinks out of it.

     "Why am I here? Who did this to me?"

     "You'll find out when it's time to find out. Until then, you are in our
control. Lars here will take you to your room and show you the way to the
lounge. You will always be in the company of one of the male employees here.
You will never be alone, not even to make your toilet." Eva gestured behind
Jessica, who turned to see Lars strolling up to them. "Lars, take Jessica to
room 12-B. Have her bathe and then bring her to the lounge. She may as well
get started on the training."

     Lars angled his head to indicate that Jessica should follow him. First,
he attached a long silver chain to a collar similar, though smaller, than the
one Eva wore around her neck. Then he fastened the collar around Jessica's
slim neck. Her tears started to flow then. Jessica quietly sobbed as the man
led her meekly down the hall and up a short flight of stairs. Down a corridor
and into a room marked 12-B, Jessica could do nothing but weep and try to
figure the situation out.

     Lars led her into the room. He didn't speak, except to point out the
bathroom. "Let's go. You need a bath."

     "I..I have to pee, too." whimpered Jessica. Lars chuckled. "That's to be
expected. Don't worry, we have porcelain toilets as well as several other
kinds. You'll get over the embarrassment. He led her into the bathroom and
picked up the toilet seat. "Do it." he said, pointing to the toilet.

     Jessica felt the shame wash over her in waves as she sat on the cool
seat. At first she was too embarrassed and shocked to do anything, but the
pressure in her bladder finally won out, and she began voiding. The splashing
of the urine in the bowl seemed to amuse Lars, who smiled down at her.

     "That's a good girly. Pee nice." As he spoke, he pulled his zipper down.
"As a matter of fact, I think I might take some of the pressure off as well."
He fished his long cock from his pants, pointing it down at Jessica's hand
which covered her own genitals. She was shocked. Then the man started to
piss. A long hot stream of piss gushed out of his cock, striking her just
below her navel, dripping down her wrist and hand and into the bowl. Jessica
hung her head in shame and misery.
     
     Lars continued to piss on her, directing the stream up and over her
tummy and breasts. Then he slowly wiggled his cock, causing the urine flow to
arc and angle upward. Hot drops hit the slopes of Jessica's breasts and flew
up into her face. She tried to turn away, but Lars put his hand out and held
her head steady.

     "Don't worry, it won't kill ya. You're liable to get a lot worse before
too long." Jessica struggled to escape the hot stream of piss, but his large
hand held her steady. She kept her lips tightly closed, praying that none of
the urine would splash that high. Luckily, the stream began to wither and
decrease in volume. Finally, he finished, shaking his cock dry and stuffing
it back into his trousers. Jessica looked down. Her entire midsection was
glowing in the warm golden liquid. Her pubic hair was soaked and matted with
it. She went to reach for a tissue, but Lars stopped her. 

     "No. One of the first rules you'll learn is that you never, absolutely
NEVER, wipe any of our fluid off your body without permission." he looked at
her sternly. "Understand?"  He slowly twisted her wrist back, causing Jessica
to wince at the sudden pain. She nodded her head dumbly.

     "Ok. Get in the tub over there. It's time for another bath." Jessica's
heart sank for a minute, but Lars merely laughed and turned on the water. 

     Half an hour later, Jessica had been washed from head to toe and dried
off. Lars made her dress in a garter belt and stockings with high thin heels
and the collar. He watched as she applied some makeup. She looked quizzically
at the tube of lipstick she was told to apply. It didn't look like any brand
she had ever seen.

     "We have that made special. It doesn't rub off on cocks." Lars laughed.
He pulled her to a standing position. "Now we head to the lounge. Some of the
guys are probably there, and Eva wants to get you going."

     He led her back down stairs and into a large, well-lit room. Jessica
looked around and gasped. Covering almost every inch of the walls were large,
glossy photographs of women's faces covered in sperm. Blondes, brunettes, red
heads (she recognized Eva in several of them, even through the cum) and every
possible variety of female form. The pictures were just of faces, though.
Each and every one was lined with thick streams of sperm, hanging from
eyebrows, lips and chins. Cheeks were covered with it. It was in their hair,
in their eyes and in their mouths. One woman's face was almost completely
covered in cum, like a white wax mask. Lars noticed her looking at the
picture. "Maybe someday soon you'll be up there too. This is our wall of
fame. That one slave there.." he pointed to the woman's covered face, "had 24
guys cum on her face in less than five minutes. She was begging for more when
we took the picture." Jessica blanched and gulped.

     The room contained about 12 men of varying ages. Some were young, just
barely out of their teens. Others ranged from their 20s to three gentlemen
who looked in their 50's. They all turned to look at Jessica briefly, but
ignored her to return to their conversations. Eva walked up to her. 

     "Here. Take this." She held out a pill to Jessica. She didn't move to
accept it. Without warning, Eva slapped her twice, hard, across the face. "I
said TAKE IT, slut. Lars?" He twisted her arm cruelly, and Jessica had no
choice but to reach out and take the small pill. Before popping it into her
mouth, she said "I can't swallow pills without water."

     Eva bent to pick up a crystal goblet. "Here. It's fresh from the
fridge." she said with a grin. She handed it to Jessica, who glanced at it.
At first she thought it was milk, but then the horrid realization struck her.
The goblet was full of sperm. Lars twisted her arm again, this time even
harder. Jessica groaned and sank to her knees in pain, her eyes watering with
the pain. The pill had started to dissolve on her tongue, and it tasted evil
and terrible.  

     "You've noticed that the pill tastes horrid. Good. So either swallow it
dry, or wash it down with that." Eva taunted. The pill began to burn and itch
as it maddeningly drove Jessica's mouth crazy with pain. Jessica could do no
more. She lifted the goblet and let a small amount of the cool sperm wash
across her lips and tongue. Eva reached down and tilted the bottom of the
crystal up, forcing several ounces of the fluid into Jessica's mouth. "Drink
up."  Jessica gulped the cool, salty liquid down, fighting back the urge to
gag. Finally the goblet was empty.

     "Good girl. Now sit down over there and just observe right now. This is
the first night of your education, and we all know that you learn by doing,
but tonight you must just watch. The drug will help your system adapt to your
new diet, and also make you very thirsty. But you must learn to deal with
your thirst first."  Eva motioned to a small stool in the corner of the room,
and Jessica made her way slowly to it, unsure of her footing in the very high
heels she'd been forced to wear.

     Suddenly she heard one of the men speak out. He was a tall, slim man in
his early thirties with long blond hair tied in a ponytail behind his dress
shirt and jacket.  "Eva, I wish to feed you. Come here."

     Eva looked at Jessica and raised her eyebrows, as if to say 'watch
this'. She went and knelt before the man who spoke. Several of the other men
in the crowd gathered around the kneeling woman and the man. Eva reached up
and pulled the man's zipper down, reached in and extracted his rapidly
hardening cock. The man stood there nonchalantly watching her. Jessica was
transfixed at her absolute servitude.

     Eva opened her mouth and enveloped the head of the man's cock. She
slurped it in, running her tongue around the head and down the shaft. Her
hands caressed the shaft and rubbed the skin back and forth, jerking the cock
in a motion that seemed pleasurable to the man. Gradually, she took more and
more of the cock into her mouth, finally pushing down all the way to the
man's trousers with her lips. Jessica was astounded to see the milking action
that Eva's lips and cheeks seemed to apply to his penis. She could see Eva
swallowing repeatedly, massaging the shaft and head of the cock with her
mouth and throat muscles. This went on for several minutes, with not a word
spoken between the man and the woman performing fellatio on him. The man
finally looked at the group of men watching them.

     "I'm nearly ready. Any suggestions?"

     "Chin."

     "All in her mouth."

     "Forehead and hair is good."

     "Lay it on her tongue and do it right in her mouth."

     Several other ideas were suggested by the men standing by. Jessica
realized that they were offering ideas on where the man should ejaculate his
sperm on Eva. Her breath quickened. She felt the drug begin to take effect,
swallowing dryly and licking her lips involuntarily. Part of her was
horrified at the idea of this type of behavior. But she felt familiar
stirrings of excitement too.

     "Eva, what do you want?" the man looked down and quizzed her. She
stopped her licking and sucking for just a moment, taking a deep breath.

     "You may cum wherever you like, my master. I enjoy your sperm in my
belly." she said, with a voice quavering with emotion. Jessica believed that
she really did mean it, that she wanted the man to ejaculate in her mouth so
she could swallow it. Her stomach flip-flopped at the idea, then she realized
with a start that she herself had just swallowed a glassful of semen from
several complete strangers herself.

     The man slowly withdrew his spit-soaked cock from Eva's mouth. "Open
your mouth and lay your tongue flat across your lower lip. We want to see
this." he commanded. Eva complied, her eyes wide and staring up at the man.
He jerked his cock several times in rapid succession, and then laid the tip
of it right at the end of Eva's outstretched tongue. Jessica saw him clench
his buttocks, and immediately a stream of white sperm flew from the end of
his cock into Eva's mouth. Another large gout followed it. The man pulled his
cock up, and the third stream flew up across Eva's nose and into her
forehead, splattering wetly across her skin. She blinked and recoiled a bit
at the shock of it. Then the man did something Jessica had never even
imagined possible. He placed the tip of his cock at the base of Eva's nose,
and shot a stream of cum straight into her nostril.

     Eva's tender nose burned at the feel. "That's for jumping when the sperm
struck your face!" he growled at her. "And so is this!" He aimed now at her
eyes, holding one eyelid open with a free hand. Eva groaned with pain when
the salty liquid struck her eye, blinking it in and out.  The other eye was
next, receiving a wet white missile that struck and splashed wetly across her
eyebrow and forehead. Jessica heard her grunt and squeal in pain as the salty
sperm burned her eye. "QUIET BITCH! Take your punishment as you deserve it."
the man growled at her. He continued rubbing the now-silent cock around Eva's
face, spreading the cum over her cheeks and lips until Jessica could see the
sheen of it covering her face. Jessica couldn't believe that Eva would let
these people do that to her. Finally the man released Eva's head and her
hands flew up to rub her eyes, trying in vain to ease the stinging pain.
Jessica knew what it felt like to get salt water from the ocean in your eyes,
she imagined that the sperm was just as bad in many ways.

     "I'm sorry I flinched, Master." Eva snorted, cum running down back out
of her nose and across her upper lip.  "I usually don't do that anymore." 

     "Well, see that you don't in the future or you'll be in for more like
that." he said to her, zipping his pants. Jessica shivered in shock and fear.
He didn't even kiss Eva or anything, just had her blow him until he
ejaculated in her face, and then cruelly, purposely, aimed his cum up her
nose and into her eyes, where he knew it would be uncomfortable and painful.

     Eva looked at Jessica with a half-hearted smile. "See what disobeying
gets you?"  The man she had just sucked off interrupted. "As punishment, you
will not be allowed anymore sperm tonight. But you will satisfy us with your
mouth. I think that 10 performances should be sufficient, don't you?" he
asked with a sneer. "Ok, men, she's all your. But don't forget. She doesn't
get any cum where she can swallow it. You know what to do."

     The line of men started forming in front of Eva. She still knelt on the
floor, the sperm from the first man slowly drooling down her face and
dripping on her breasts. She reached out to the first man, pulled his zipper
down, and began sucking on his cock. As she began, the first man, the man who
had shot sperm in her eyes and up her nose, took a thin birch whip from over
the fireplace and began switching Eva's naked buttocks. She jerked as the
lash laid small red stripes across her tender flesh. The man didn't strike
her as hard as he could have, but Jessica could see that the pain was real,
and that the lashes were leaving red marks. Eva's ass and lower back soon
bore criss-cross red stripes. Jessica watched, spellbound, like a small
animal frozen in fear by a python. Eva gulped and jerked on the cock,
swallowing it down into her throat like it was the most natural thing she
could do, rolling her hands over the shaft, licking the tip and up and down
the shaft. After a few minutes the man started to groan quietly. Suddenly he
pulled his throbbing cock from Eva's mouth. She immediately bowed her head.
He ejaculated strand after strand of his cum into her lustrous red hair. As
he finished, he rubbed his cock in her tresses, drying it off and smearing
the lines of cum into her scalp. As he came, the man whipping Eva's ass
thrust the handle of the cane roughly between her ass cheeks, rubbing it back
and forth in the cleft between her thighs.

     Eva bent over, her head down on the floor and her ass in the air,
knowing what would come next. Jessica watched horrified as the whipping man
slowly screwed the leather-coated handle of the cane up into Eva's
unlubricated asshole. She groaned at the pain. Inch after inch of the handle
was pushed forcefully into her rectum until at least nine inches of handle
lay buried in the woman's rectal channel. Then the man started sawing it in
and out, twisting and turning the shaft as he did so. Eva whimpered and
sobbed with the pain, but Jessica was astounded to see Eva's loins start to
thrust back at the handle, impaling herself farther and farther onto the
intruder in her ass. Then she shook all over as an orgasm captured her
sweating body. Just as Eva started to cum, the man pulled the handle quickly
from her ass. Eva groaned, then straightened back up. The next man stepped up
to her face. The whipping began again.

     The sequence was that same for the next nine men. While Eva sucked, the
man who had just used her mouth whipped her. Sometimes he whipped her ass,
sometimes the backs of her calves or thighs, sometimes her heaving breasts
bore the brunt of the punishment. Eva's mouth grew tired and sore after the
third or fourth man, and she could do little but kneel back on her heels with
her mouth open as far as it would go and let the men fuck her face brutally.
Most of the men were rough with her, pushing large cocks entirely down her
throat, grabbing the back of her head with their hands and forcing her down
on their cocks until her lips touched the base. Often she choked with the
effort. And each man ejaculated in her hair, smearing his cum around and
around. After each ejaculation, she was pushed down onto her face again, and
the whip handle was once again shoved up into her ass and frictioned back and
forth. And each time, just as Eva started to orgasm, it was withdrawn,
leaving her on the brink of climax time after time. She sobbed with the
frustration and begged one of the men to let her cum.

     "Ohgod please make me cum. I'll suck you all, please, just let me cum,
let me cum!!" she groaned. Jessica was astonished to listen. 

     "You'll suck us anyway, slave. We'll decide IF and WHEN to let you have
an orgasm. It appears that your training has begun to wear off a bit, so
perhaps we'd better take you back down a step and reinforce your reason for
being here!" one of the men said gruffly.

     Finally the ordeal was over. After the last man had cum in her hair, Eva
knelt for a few moments, gasping and catching her breath. Her ass was red
with welts and bumps where the rod had caught her. She shook with sobs of
pain and frustration. After a minute or two, she slowly got to her feet and
walked gingerly over to Jessica.

     "And that's what can happen if you don't perform." she gasped, still
trying to catch her breath. Jessica closed her eyes and nodded her head.

                                End of Part 2
--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 3


                             Part Three
                              10/07/91

Author's note : The previous chapters in this story can be found as
JESSICA1 and JESSICA2. I thank those who have commented to me
so far, and I will attempt to integrate as many of the suggestions as
I can.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------


     "We're not done yet, though." said Eva as she toweled the sperm
from her hair, rubbing it through her fingers like fine conditioner.
"I think they have a video planned. I wonder who it'll be tonight."

     "What do you mean?" asked a still-trembling Jessica.

     "Every now and then, Sir John does a video of a girl here, either
to keep her under control, or to sell to a private collector. We've
had some fairly famous women here who suck cock like crazy, and they
can't to a thing because Sir John always keeps a copy of the tape. If
it got out, it would ruin their careers."

     Jessica ignored the reference to 'Sir John' for now. "Who? Who?"
she quizzed.

     Eva leaned over and whispered to Jessica. "You know the blond who
used to be on that TV show, the one who's husband is the producer
now?"

     Jessica gulped. She knew who Eva meant. The woman was a beautiful
woman of about 45, long blond hair and a gorgeous face.

     "Well, Sir John captured her one morning, brought her up here and
and tied her naked to a stool. He taped about 30 guys getting sucked
off and jerking off on her face, until she was covered in sperm. She
struggled and fought like a bitch too, that was the great part. But he
video'ed the entire thing, and threatened to release it to the
tabloids and stuff if she ever said a word. She left really scared. He
sold the tape to a collector who paid $15,000 for it."


     "Another time he got that singer, you know the one who's always
in trouble for cussing and shit on stage? And he had her up her for
two days and nights, and I swear she must'a had a hundred guys fuck
her silly. She was tied to a rubber mat downstairs, and she about
drowned in all the cum they fed her. I mean, it was just running out
of her mouth after a while, and all over her face and tits and stuff.
But she never said a word."

     Jessica gulped. Just then the room went dark and a large
television slowly moved from a recess in the wall. A video projector
clicked on somewhere out of sight.  Jessica trembled in the cold and
watched. As the screen lit, she saw the title.  "This one resisted a
bit" whispered Eva to her. The title made Jessica shiver. 

     "DROWNED IN CUM".  The video opened to show a cute young girl,
she couldn't have been more than 17 or 18, tied naked to a table. The
camera zoomed into her terrified face. Streaks of tears showed
plainly. Her eyes were red from sobbing. The camera slowly panned down
her young body. Red welts criss-crossed her breasts and rib cage. Her
pubic hair had been shaved, and the camera turned slightly to show
what appeared to be a huge dildo shoved into her cunt. Small red
droplets attested to the fact that the insertion was done roughly.
Another, just slightly smaller dildo was plugged into her rectum. More
red welts crossed her thighs and calves. Her ankles had been cuffed
and tied to opposite corners of the table. 

     Suddenly she screamed. The camera slowly turned to reveal the
object of her terror. Three huge black men, totally naked were
entering the room. They had enormous cocks, each at least 10 inches
long, and as big around as the young girl's arm. Two of the men went
to either side of the table and, reaching under it, made some
adjustment. The table suddenly started tilting and inching upwards,
until the girl's feet were above her head. She was bound, helpless, as
the table continued until it was nearly vertical. The table moved up
slightly as the other black man moved to stand near her head.
Gradually, the girl's body was raised until her head was just below
the level of the man's cock. He fisted it lazily, smearing the head
over her face, drooling pre-cum across her cheeks and jaw. He grabbed
the dildo in her pussy with the other hand and began sliding, slowly
at first, then faster and faster, in and out of her ravaged and sore
channel. As he did, he leaned forward and tried to force his cock
between the girl's lips. She resisted, biting down on it. He growled
angrily at the girl. Jessica was stunned to see him suddenly slam the
huge dildo all the way down into the poor girl's vagina. She shrieked.

     "OHGODNONONO PLEASE STOP STOOOOOOOOOPPPPPPPPP" the girl yelled.
The giant ignored her, pulling the dildo out and slamming it back down
three more times. The girl slumped visibly in the restraints,
exhausted and terrified of further pain. Jessica watched as the camera
zoomed in to show her weakly open her mouth. The huge head of the
man's cock bent back her lips as he shoved it into her mouth and
started roughly fucking the pretty girl's face. Jessica watched as the
spit and slobber leaked out from around her lips as the man stabbed
his cock over and over up into her mouth and throat. Because she was
upside down and the table was at such an angle, Jessica could see the
ridge the cock made as it visibly went five or six inches into the
girl's neck. As he fucked himself into the blonde's face, the man
continued shoving the dildo back and forth, in and out of her cunt.
Jessica could hear her grunt and groan with the effort. After a few
minutes, the man suddenly grunted and pushed his groin fully against
the girl's lips, imbedding his twitching cock a half-foot into her
throat. Jessica saw his ass muscles clench repeatedly. She knew he was
coming, ejaculating, right into the girl's stomach. She coughed and
gagged as the acrid sperm tried to battle gravity and run uphill. The
man pulled his cock out of her mouth, and the girl choked again,
spitting sperm and saliva down out of her throat and out her mouth. It
ran in white streams over her eyes and forehead, pooling and dripping
from her lips. 

     The other two men did virtually the same thing. Each ejaculated
what appeared to be tremendous amounts of sperm. By the time the third
man was finished, the poor girl's face was literally covered with
saliva, sperm, and sweat. Her hair dripped with the cum, trailing down
from her head held suspended almost four feet off the ground.

     Then Jessica was startled to see Eva enter the picture. She held
what appeared to be a large silver bowl with a yellow-whiteish liquid
pooling in it. The bowl was nearly full, and the liquid threatened to
splash over the rim at any time.

     "Susan. You know your father's horse, Brandy, the one that's 18
hands high?" Jessica blanched. "We have him. We hooked his huge horse
cock to a stud milking machine and collected all his gooey horse cum
for the last three days. It's all in this bowl."  She bent down and
shook the bowl over the girl Susan's head, watching the liquid spill
over and drip onto her face. Susan shrieked with agony and disgust.

     "Yes, you do that. You keep resisting." As she spoke, Eva took
her hands and scooped large handsful of the slimy equine ejaculate out
of the bowl. "You keep fighting, and you may one day look back on this
day with fond memories." She splashed the horse cum on Susan's face.
The girl screamed and tossed her face from side to side roughly,
throwing the white liquid off in large drops. Again and again Eva
scooped large dollops of the sperm out of the bowl, pouring it over
the poor resisting girl's face and body. 

     "How 'bout we fill up that pretty cunt of yours with some nice
horse cum, hey?"  Eva stood and pulled the black dildo that was still
imbedded fully in Susan's overstretched vagina out with a slurping
sound. Susan twisted and squirmed, but the straps held her tight.
Jessica watched with growing disgust as Eva tilted the bowl up and
poured a large amount of the horse's sperm directly into Susan's
still-gaping vagina. Fully a pint of the gooey white mess was poured
in before Eva stood on her tiptoes and feigned looking down into
Susan's cunt.

     "Yep, all filled up nice. Now let's close'er back up." She slowly
forced the dildo back down into Susan's cunt. The cum filling her
vagina bubbled up over Susan's vulva, streaming down her tummy and
coating her stomach and tits with milky lines. Some of it had to drip
down across her chin and face.

     "Can't forget about the ass, now, can we?"  Eva pulled the plug
from the girl's rectum, and before the stretched anus could retract,
poured more horse semen into Susan's violated rectal canal. Jessica
could see her sob and wrack her body trying to avoid the humiliating
experience. Eva pushed the dildo back into Susan's body.

     "I'd say you were pretty well filled up. Oooops! No! Forgot one
hole, didn't we?"  Jessica stiffened as Eva tilted the table back down
to the horizontal. White lines of cum, man and animal, drooled and
dripped from the teenager's body. It leaked from around the black
rubber shafts cruelly forced into her lower openings.  Her face and
hair were caked and dripping with cum. Susan gripped her lips
together, willing herself strength to resist this last awful torment
that she knew was coming. Eva merely looked at her and grinned.

     "Stupid bitch. You think you can really resist? Feel this." And
she leaned over. Jessica couldn't see what she did, but Eva put her
free hand somewhere along Susan's neck and appeared to pinch her. The
young girl shrieked in pain as Eva found a nerve and ground it between
her fingernails. The girl's shrieks and cries reverberated through the
room from the tape. Jessica felt her own tears start to come. As Eva
pinched the nerve, she poured the remaining ejaculate directly into
Susan's open mouth. Rivers of horse cum drenched the poor girl. She
coughed it up, gagging and choking on the vile taste. Still Eva
poured, drenching her with the several day's efforts of the horse.

     "Yes, that's a good girl" she said raspingly. "Drink all of your
nice horsey's cum. Drink it down like a good girl, and maybe we won't
send the nag to the glue factory. Don't you like the taste of his nice
gooey jizz? Wouldn't you like us to publish this picture in your high
school yearbook? Wouldn't that be a treat? Can't you just see it now?" 
Still the white liquid dripped and flowed from the bowl. 

     "'Susan Flaherty. Cheerleader, Student Council member, and horse
cum drinker. Her greatest ambition is to crash the Kentucky Derby.'"
Eva laughed. "What would your boyfriend do if he saw you now, little
princess? Would he barf in disgust? Or you think he might be man
enough to come here and make you suck him off? Do you do that? Do you
suck him off every Saturday night after the football game? WELL DO
YOU!"  Eva slapped the girl's tits, hard.  Susan coughed and spit cum
back up.

     "N-no"

     SLAP! The sound of the heavy bowl being smacked into Susan's
ribcage brought a jump to Jessica's sweating body. SMACK! Again and
again. 

     "Are YOU sure you don't suck him off at all?" threatened Eva
again.

     "yes, yes, I do, I do, I suck him off a lot."

     "Good. Now tell us what you are."

     The girl was silent.

     "Do you want more?"

     "I..I'm a cocksucker." Smack. Just hard enough to jiggle the
skin. "I..I suck cock all day and all night."  Smack. The girl was
getting delirious with the pain and humiliation now, her spirit almost
broken. "Yes, fuckme fuckyou, I'm a cock sucker and a cum drinker and
a slut whore pig fucking slut bitch cocksucker feed me cum you bitch I
want it more fuck my ass fuck my pussy fuck me fuck me suck cum I'm a
cum slut fuck me OH GOD IM COMMMMINGGGG!!!!" The girl spasmed as Eva
rammed the dildo in and out of her bruised snatch.

     "YES FUCK ME FUCK ME GIVE ME THAT CUM I want it I want it all
fuck me cum on me cum on my face cover my fuckface make me drink your
cum." Susan was babbling as wave after wave of the humiliating
torture-induced orgasm passed over her.

     "ohgod I want that horse cum yes, fuck me I'll drink that cum
piss shit fuck oh shit I love cum I want cum more more more...." 
Susan's voice trailed off in hoarseness and exhaustion. 

     "Oh good. I'm so glad to hear you say that." said Eva calmly.
"Because we just happen to have a bit more. You know, " she said,
walking out of the picture temporarily. "that's one good thing about
living on a farm. You can always find some animal to cum for you. You
know your Daddy's big prize bull? Well, guess what, you little cum
drinking fuck slut?"  She walked back into the camera's range. "We've
got even more for you!" So saying, she held up the back of Susan's
head and brought a large bottle that looked like a Thermos jug to
Susan's lips.

     "Here, baby, have some cow cum!" Eva giggled. Susan burbled and
choked as the other woman forced the steer's semen into her mouth and
all over her face. Jessica was astonished to see Susan actually gulp
and swallow. 

     "OHMY GOD She's swallowing sperm from an animal.." she whispered.
Eva looked at her and smiled, knowingly.

     Susan continued to drink from the thermos as Eva tilted it up,
drenching the young girl from forehead to tits with the creamy
textured ejaculate. Eva continued to move the dildo in and out of
Susan's cunt. As the thermos emptied, Eva moved back out of the
picture. The camera zoomed in to fill the frame completely with
Susan's drenched face. Her eyes stared back, zombie-like. Her entire
face and neck were covered with sperm. She gulped once, then opened
her mouth. The camera caught the huge pool of semen filling her cheeks
and flowing over her tongue. Susan pushed some of it out over her
lower lip, then shoved her tongue through the gooey mess. Then she
closed her mouth again and swallowed, her eyes dull and unfocused. Her
mouth drooled open and small streamers of semen and saliva dripped
from the corner of her lips. As the camera stayed focused on her face,
the cum on her forehead and eyebrows gradually started to bubble and
drip down her cheeks and nose. For fully five minutes, Jessica watched
spellbound as the camera recorded every detail of this young girl's
total humiliation. Finally she spoke, in a voice hoarse and dead.

     "I love cum."  The camera pulled away a bit. "Feed me cum." As
the camera dollied back and began to fade away, the room reverberated
with the girl's cries.

     "I WANT CUM! I NEED CUM! PLEASE! PLEASE! JUST GIVE ME CUM! I WANT
THE CUM! PLEASE? PLEASE? PLEASE, DADDY?"


     Jessica felt her stomach heave as the scene faded out. "How can
you do that to that poor girl?" she cried to Eva, "How can you do
that?"

     Eva just looked at her. "Lissen you bitch. You're here to be
taught a lesson, and don't you forget it." Jessica was suprised at how
fast Eva could switch in and out of her moods. "You've been brought
here to learn to be a slave to your master, to do whatever he or she
wants you to. You'll fuck what they say, suck what they say, and do
whatever they want, or the punishment, you'll find, is far worse. No
one ever died from this, but there may be a time when you'll wish you
were dead." she hissed. "Now get up!"

     Eva stood and roughly pulled Jessica to her feet. She had
forgotten that she'd been shackled at the ankles and had the chain and
collar around her neck. She teetered on the high heels, blushing
suddenly as the lights came back up in the room. She and Eva were
sitting towards the rear of the room. All the male heads in front of
them turned to look.

     "Gentlemen. Your relief tonight will be supplied by our newest
prize. This is slave Jessica."  Eva began. "You make fuck her in any
hole, or use the cane, or both. Do not mark her though, as she hasn't
completed the initiation." She turned to give a hard, cold look at
Jessica. "You will do what they require. You can cry and scream all
you like, in fact some of them prefer it."  She pushed Jessica into
the middle of the room.

     As she stumbled forward, Jessica saw the men clear the furniture
out of the middle of the room, until a circle of large chairs
surrounded a cleared space about 15 feet across. Into this area
several pairs of hands pushed the terrified young wife.

     A man stepped forward. "I gotta fuck this bitch right now or I'll
fuckin' explode!" He pushed Jessica down onto her back, forcing her
wrists and arms behind her painfully. A set of keys unlocked her ankle
chain, and Jessica fought unsuccessfully to keep her legs together.
Strong hands won, and pulled her legs wide apart, so wide that Jessica
almost fainted with the sudden pain. Her legs were stretched so far
apart the Jessica could feel her thigh muscles strain and creak with
the effort. The first man quickly lowered his pants and pulled a hard
cock from his undershorts. He simply fell on Jessica and pushed his
cock into her dry vagina. The pain was unbearable. Jessica had never
before been so shocked and violated. The rapist forced himself back
and forth in her channel, lubricating more with his sweat and pre-cum
than with any of her natural juices. 

     Jessica cried out with the pain, but the men ignored her. She
twisted her body, but the movements only seemed to spur the man raping
her on.

     "Yeah, slut, move that pussy, shake your fuckin' ass for me." he
grunted as he pummelled again and again at her. "Yeah, I'm gonna blow
my fucking wad right up your tight cunt and then watch everybody else
fuck it back out again."

     "Hey, Jack , roll her over, I want a crack at her ass." Despite
her protestations, the man fucking Jessica did just that, rolling over
onto his back and pulling her upper body down to his, mauling her tits
and slobbering his lips and tongue over her face. She recoiled in
horror.

     "Hey, bitch, let me kiss those sweet lips now before they're all
covered with fuckin' slime" he said roughly. He forced his lips down
over Jessica's. Suddenly she stiffened. She felt hands pull her ass
cheeks apart and a pushing sensation at her virgin asshole. She tried
to scream out into the mouth covering hers, but only a grunt escaped.
The cock at her rear insisted on entry. She groaned and felt a pop as
the head slimed it's way past her clutching sphincter. Inch after inch
of the prick pushed its way into her rectum. Jessica had never felt
such pain. Tears flowed as her body was violated in this new way. The
cock sawed its way back and forth, rubbing against the one alreading
invading her vagina through the thin membrane separating her cavities.
She arched her back and tried to force the terrible invader from her
body, but her movements only forced the twin shafts in deeper and
deeper. The man below her savagely thrust his hips up off the floor,
pushing deeper and deeper into her sore pussy. Jessica felt the head
of his cock mash against her cervix, imbedding itself into her womb.

     As Jessica arched, her head came up. Two strong hands grasped her
hair, and she was mortified to see a large cock present itself for her
oral attentions. A hand pinched her nose and forced her to open her
mouth to breath. As she did, the cock pushed over her lips and into
her mouth before she could protest. Now she was truly violated, her
every hole occupied by hard male flesh, her body little more than a
receptacle for their desires.

     Suddenly she felt the branding fire-hot pain of the whip as
someone began switching her tender back. Streaks of agony shot through
her body as the whip was applied. She screamed in pain and
humiliation. Sobs wracked her slim body. Suddenly the man below her
stiffened and shoved his cock fully up into her pussy, his cock firing
salvo after salvo of hot sticky cum directly into her uterus. The
vibrations set off the man in her ass, whose face Jessica had never
even seen. The cock invading her there dumped its load of sperm into
her bowels. The cock in her mouth shuddered just seconds later, adding
it's volume to the fluid already forcibly injected into her resisting
body. Jessica felt the hot salty taste wash over her tongue and gulped
involuntarily.

     Three more men took their places, and then three more, and three
more, and three more. Jessica felt the sperm leaking from her bloody
and torn asshole and pussylips. Her lips were caked with drying sperm.
Her body could Fight the intruders no more, and she limply lay and let
the men push and twist and turn her any way they wished. She was like
a rag doll in their hands. Cocks spit at her face and breasts, bathing
her with the warm fluid. On her back, on her stomach, on hands and
knees, bent over the arm of a couch, Jessica was raped over and over
by the men. It seemed to never stop. She was sure that several of the
men attacked her two or three times. She swallowed load after load of
sperm. Her pussy literally swam in the ejaculate of the men. It
dripped down the insides of her thighs and down from her face to her
breasts. She was whipped several times. 

     The attacks continued. It seemed that Jessica had been tortured
for hours. She lost track of all time. Her body just responded limply.
At one point she saw five cocks aimed at her face, shooting streams of
semen at her almost at the same moment. It flew, stinging, into her
eyes and mouth and nose. One man forced his erupting cock into her
ear, pulsing jets of cum painfully into her.  Her once-beautiful face
was crisscrossed with the outpourings of the men. Cum drooled from her
forehad and eyebrows, leaked from her lips, drooled from her nose,
dribbled from her pussy and ran from her ass. It caked in the valley
between her tits, and along her arms and legs. Her lower body felt
like it was on fire, the pain was so terrible. She had no tears left.

     Jessica passed out at least once, and awoke only when some new
intruder shoved a stiff cock into her unresisting body. At one point
two of the men ejaculated into her lower openings and then scooped the
runny cum from her and smeared it into her face. She dimly heard the
taunts and yells of the men as they ravaged her body unmercifully.

     Finally it seemed that they were done. Four, then three, then
two, then just one man was left standing. Jessica was curled up on the
floor, cum leaking in rivers from all her openings. She was only semi-
conscious. She had swallowed or had blasted into her face 34
ejaculations. Nearly 40 men had dropped their loads into her bruised
and abused vagina. Between 15 and 20 had ejaculated hot sperm enemas
into her now swollen rectum. Lines of white cum lay drying, criss
crossing her breasts and shoulders, her tummy, legs and ass. Then she
came to as the last man grabbed her shoulders and pulled her up into a
sitting position. She felt hands prop her up as she wavered
uncontrolled from side to side. The last man stood in front of her and
aimed his trembling cock at her unseeing face. A hand reached around
her neck and pulled her chin down. Droplets of cum drooled from her
mouth, dripping wetly onto the slopes of her breasts. Then the man
grunted and began pissing.

     He pissed directly into her open mouth. The hot shock broke
Jessica's daze. She closed her mouth and gulped involuntarily,
swallowing the acrid urine. Her stomach heaved. The yellow stream
continued bathing her face, washing the dried and wet cum alike from
her features. The hand pulled her chin down again, and the wave of pee
was directed again into her open mouth. It splashed wetly around in
her mouth. Jessica gargled it, her body rebelling against this last
humiliation. Finally the stream slowed. The man stepped forward and
slid the head of his cock into her wet sticky mouth. She closed her
lips numbly around it.

     "I think she may be about done for the night. Tie her back up and
leave her here. We'll pick up again tomorrow." 

     And they did.


             End of Jessica's Conversion, Part III

--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica4.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 4


                                 Part Four
                                 10/15/91

Authors Note : Parts 1, 2 and 3 of this series can be found on this board. We
are proceeding apace with development of the story line. Comments are
welcomed. If you do not relish scenes of humiliation, forced fellatio and
other bizarre tortures, do not read further. 

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Jessica woke dazed and sore, and sticky from the layers of dried cum
that had coated her body. She shivered in pain. Nightmares had tormented her
sleep. She dreamt that she was drowning, but the blue-green sea was replaced
by oceans of white sperm. Every time she raised her head, a wave of milky
semen would crash over it. She kicked her legs and flailed her arms, but to
no avail. Over and over the white storm buffeted her about. Her every muscle
ached and cried out in agony. Choking and coughing, she was tossed and turned
in the relentless tide.

     Gradually her senses returned. She raised her head and looked around.
She was alone in the lounge room, the scene of her gang attack last night.
She had been shackled to large rings anchored in the floor, with a ten foot
length of chain looped through it, passing through ankle cuffs fastened
securely around her bare legs. Every stitch of clothing had been removed from
her. Angry red welts and bruises criss-crossed her back and thighs, and her
breasts felt like thousands of bees had stung her tender nipples. Small
trickles of sperm continued to leak from her abused pussy lips, pooling in a
cold wet puddle on the floor beneath her. Her asshole throbbed, still reeling
from the shock of the multiple massive penises that had invaded her
heretofore private rectum. She cleared her throat, still coated with the
spendings of the men who had ejaculated jet after jet of hot cum into her
mouth. Her tongue and lips felt swollen and sore. Dried cum coated her
eyelids and cheeks, and her hair felt sticky and horrid.

     "Oh God.." she groaned aloud. She couldn't believe this was happening to
her. It had barely been 24 hours since she'd been kidnapped from her safe and
secure home. She hadn't the faintest idea where she was, or what further
punishments and pain were in store for her. She tried to brush the drying cum
from her arms and chest, but her hands had been cuffed together again, and
the six or eight inch chain did not give her much slack to do this well.
Groaning and panting, Jessica tried to get to her feet. Her poor abused body
protested, cracking and stretching as she wobbily got up. 

     "Oh lord, what is happening to me here!!" she wailed, collapsing in sobs
as she came fully awake. She put her head down between her knees, falling
back on to her sore ass, and cried. After a few minutes, Eva came stalking
in.  She word thigh-high shiny black boots, crotchless panties, and a leather
bra outlining her breasts. As usual, she had the ubiquitous dog collar
fastened around her neck.

     "OK, sperm-face, time to wake up. You smell like shit and dried cum. You
need a bath. You've got a lot of work ahead of you today, and times-a-
wasting."

     Eva strode over to where Jessica lay huddled over and, grasping the
collar around Jessica's neck, pulled her roughly to her feet. Jessica cried
out at the sudden pain.

          "Oh shut up, you fucking slut, you haven't even been worked over yet.
You'll have plenty of fucking time to scream your ass off later on, bitch!" 
Eva half-pushed, half-dragged the whimpering wife into a long hallway and
down a short flight of stairs. She switched on a series of overhead and wall
mounted lights. The room brightened. It was dominated by a large padded
table, similar to a doctor's examining table, but at least 3 times wider.
Stirrups for legs were at one end. The other end had a lump about 4 inches
high running lengthwise across the table. Rings for chain attachments were
midway down the table and also at the foot end. The stirrups could be folded
out of the way if the patient's legs were desired to be flat on the surface
of the table. There were also numerous straps and bonds attached firmly to
the contraption. A large zippered opening dominated the lower half of the
table. It was about 12 inches long.

     Eva pushed Jessica towards a small sunken depression in the floor near
one wall. She locked Jessica's hand cuffs into rings placed high in the wall,
stretching her body up until it was nearly off the floor. Jessica's sore bare
feet were painfully stretched. She shivered as her naked back and buttocks
were pressed against the cold tile. 

     Eva walked back up to her. A long rubber hose was in her hands. "Ok,
bitch, hold on." Suddenly a freezing cold stream of water gushed out of the
nozzle, spraying Jessica. She screamed with the shock, her body twisting and
writhing with the pain. The cold jets of water felt like millions of tiny
needles pricking her body. Eva ran the water up and down over Jessica's
tortured body over and over, ignoring the cries and screams of the captured
wife. Jessica sobbed in pain and anger at the rough treatment. She wasn't
prepared for what Eva did next.

     Eva lowered the water pressure just a bit, then walked up to Jessica and
insinuated the cold brass nozzle of the hose into Jessica's cunt lips. Then
she opened up the pressure again. Jessica felt the shock of the icy water
spurting up into her cervix and nearly passed out from the pain. Waves of
cold nausea rode over her. Her pelvis slammed back against the tile, trying
in vain to dislodge the icy invader.

     "OH FUCK OH JEEZUS THAT'S COLD PLEASE STOP STOP STOP"  Jessica yelled,
bucking and banging against the tile. She succeeded only in allowing Eva to
further insinuate the nozzle into her. The water running down from her pussy
was tinged a light pink with blood and creamy sperm. Eva kept up the devilish
douche for several minutes, flushing all the previous nights emissions from
within Jessica's vagina. 

     "Next!" she then gruffly said, pulling the nozzle from the front hole
and pushing the tip of it into the rear, pulling Jessica's waist out from the
wall. Jessica clamped down, tightening her buttocks, trying to keep the
freezing cold nozzle from entering her rectum. SLAP SLAP! Eva backhanded her
across the face twice in rapid succession, bringing fresh tears to her face.
"Open up, bitch, or I'll cram this so far up your ass the water'll come out
your nose!" Jessica relented a bit, and the hose end pushed past her tired
sphincter. The cold shock in her rectum caused Jessica to shiver all over,
her body and nerves reaching the breaking point once again. Jessica felt the
freezing water pulse up into her abdomen. Eva kept the nozzle up in her a few
seconds, then withdrew it.

     "Push it out!" she said, and Jessica complied, expelling dirty brown
water. Again the nozzle went in, and again Jessica was instructed to push the
slowly cleansing fluid out. After half a dozen frigid enemas, Eva felt the
passage was as clean as it was going to get. She withdrew the hose and walked
to put it down. Jessica shivered uncontrollably, her body dripping with cold
water, her vagina and rectum violated with the nozzle. Eva returned to unsnap
her shackles from the wall and led the quaking housewife to the padded table
in the center of the room.

     As the two women neared the table, two burly men came into the room.
Wearing white smocks and slacks, they hoisted Jessica up to the table. Rough
white towels dried her body off. The two men massaged some sort of lotion
into Jessica's body, and for once the feeling of the hands on her felt almost
pleasureable. Strong hands kneaded her flesh, massaging her aching muscles
and helping to absorb the warm lotion. Then her arms and legs were strapped
onto the table. A leg spreader kept her ankles over four feet apart. One man
massaged her pubic mound with what turned out to be a shaving lotion, the
other spread it over her legs. She was shaved clean from armpits to the soles
of her feet. The men took liberties with her exposed tits, pausing now and
then to tweak her nipples and roughly cup her breasts. But they didn't speak
a word through the entire time.

     Finally they finished, cleaning up the wet towels and drying Jessica
completely. Jessica felt a breath of warm air wash over her as the heat in
the room came on with a vengence.

     "Can't have you catching cold, now, can we?" said Eva as she walked back
into the room. "Time for some stretching exercises and conditioning."  She
pulled Jessica's legs up into the stirrups, fastening them tightly to the
cool metal braces. Jessica crotch was completely exposed. Eva reached under
the table and produced what appeared to be a large, flesh colored dildo.
However, it had a thin tube attached to the base which snaked back down under
the table. "This is our first inflatable device today. We'll start you off
with five inches, and see how far you last from there." Eva cackled evilly.

     She bent over Jessica's form, using the fingers of one hand to spread
her labia. She began pushing the monstrous dildo into Jessica's battered
vagina. The lubrication helped. Jessica felt as though someone was pushing a
fence post into her. She grunted and yelped with pain, but Eva ignored her
and continued her efforts until the dildo was completely immersed. It was at
least 10 inches long, and Jessica felt the tip of it press against her
bruised cervix. Before Eva even began inflating it, Jessica felt that she
would soon split in half from the huge prick. Eva picked up a dial and slowly
twisted it. Jessica felt the dildo balloon inside of her, stretching the
walls of her cunt even more. The dildo filled with air, even though Jessica
pushed back down at it as hard as she could. AFter several minutes, Jessica's
eyes began to tear with the pain. Finally Eva shut the hissing valve off.

     "Ok, six inches. I decided to go an even half-foot, just to see if you
could take it. I figured that you got quite a bit of exercise out of that
little pussy last night, and six inches wasn't too hard now was it?" she
said, patting Jessica on the head.

     "Now, what we are going to do is start the conditioning. This is the
first step in the training."  She turned around and snapped her fingers.
Instantly, a very young girl, completely naked, walked into the room. She
couldn't have been more than fifteen or sixteen years old. She walked up to
the table, and Jessica craned her head to get a good look at her. She was
blonde, with breasts just starting to blossom, and slim hips. Her legs were
long and polished like marble with muscles.

     "Katy, begin the treatment. Concentrate on clitoral stimulation, but use
the dildo if you need to. Take 30 minutes to bring her up, then call us back
in. I'll start to prepare the guys."

          "Yes, Mistress" whispered the girl, bowing her head. She proceeded to
duck under the table, and Jessica heard Eva pull the zipper back. Then the
girl pushed her head up from under the table. Eva closed the zipper back unti
the young girl's neck and head protruded from the table, then locked the
zipper closed so it couldn't be opened back any further. Katy's head was just
inches form Jessica's throbbing cunt. The young girl leaned forward and began
lightly tongueing the top of Jessica's labia, coaxing her clitoris up.
Jessica thought that nothing could turn her on after the horror of the last
twelve hours, but despite that, felt her self begin to responde. Katy sucked
the clit up into her mouth and began milking it back and forth, teasing with
her tongue and lips. She was an expert at cunnilingus. Jessica heated up and
started to respond, moaning and groaning. Everytime she approached a peak,
Katy would stop or slow down. This went on for several minutes, each time
Jessica neared orgasm, Katy would recognize this and slow down or stop. About
15 minutes into the exquisite torture, Katy pressed a button under the table
the the dildo in Jessica's vagina began to pulsate. This new feeling felt
marvelous to the abused and tired woman on the table. Katy's expert tongue
and lips, and the grotesque yet infuriatingly pleasureable dildo began to
take Jessica to the climax. As she began to shudder, Katy stopped everything. 
Jess exhorted her to go on, but Katy simply waited a few mintes for Jess to
simmer down, and then began all over again. After several repeats of this
torture, Jessica thought she would burst if she wasn't allowed to orgasm
soon.  

     She moaned and whimpered in pleasure, the first real enjoyment she'd had
since the awful experience began the day before. She was only dimly aware of
the re-entry of Eva and the two towel-clad men. Eva walked up to the table
and went to Jessica's head. She quickly strapped on a hood-like device that
fastened around the back of her neck and attached to the table, then fitted
the tighly bound chin strap and neck brace. When she was done, Jessica's
mouth was bound open and exposed, and she couldn't close it, no matter how
hard she tried. Her jaws were not forced wide apart, just a matter of a few
inches separated her lips. Jessica even found she could swallow if she tried.
But her lips were indeed separated. The two men came up to stand on either
side of her head. Eva removed their towels, and Jessica saw the reason for
their employment. Each man had a penis that was at least 10 inches long, and
was swollen with desire. Hairless crotches allowed her to view large balls
hanging low in their scrotums. Obviously Eva had been working on them for the
past half hour, as their cocks trembled with desire. Each man slowly fisted
his cock. They stepped up, their cock head pointing at each other, directly
over Jessica's now forced-open lips. She trembled with the thought of what
she was afraid would happen.

     "Now, Jessie baby, what we're going to do is let you cum a couple of
times. But each time you do, one of your boyfriends here is going to shoot a
load of sperm into your mouth which you will swallow like a good little slut,
ok? I don't want to have to clean any of it off your face or the floor, so be
sure that they jerk off into your mouth, is that clear?" Eva said.

     Jessica nodded her head. Gagging at the thought of even more sperm
filling her stomach, she glumly accepted the defeat. Of course, it didn't
occur to her that the ejaculations she'd swallowed since yesterday morning
had been the only thing in her stomach since then. Katy bent down to her task
again. Jessica closed her eyes and resisted the feelings, but Katy was too
much of an expert - gradually her heat built up. Jessica felt the tremblings
begin way down at the tips of her toes, and opened one eye. The men on her
side were shifting back and forth. 

     Then it hit, almost taking her by suprise. Jessica's pussy convulsed
around the dildo in it, Katy swiped and bit at her clitoris, and a huge
orgasm wracked Jessica's body. At the instant the climax hit, one of the men
grunted and Jessica tasted a hot stream of cum, striking her tongue and
inside cheek. She gulped and swallowed open-mouthed.

     "Pretty impressive, eh?" cackled Eva. "They can shoot on command. A
little bit of hypnotism, a little bit of training, and a lot of practice. Old
fuckers in China have been doing it for years, they say..."

     A few seconds passed, and Katy continued to work on her. Jessica felt
the sensation building up again, and this time could almost feel the climax
build and crash. Her clit vibrated against the young girl's lips, and she
clenched her fists as the shudders started again. Once more she flushed and
grunted as the marvelous feeling hit. This time, the man on the other side of
her head moved his cock to just over the opening of Jessica's lips and
directed a strong stream of semen into her mouth at the exact instance
Jessica's climax hit her. She bucked in the straps. He shot again, the white
hot liquid splattering against her tongue and coating the teeth on her lower
right jaw. A third climax hit her, and the same man directed, with a grunt,
the longest stream yet, onto the back of her tongue. Jessica swallowed the
mass of semen down once more, feeling it cool as it slid down her throat.

     Now Katy really took off. She captured Jessica's trembling clitoris
between her lips and waggled her pointed tongue across it, sucking and biting
at the same time. She cranked up the buzzing of the artifical phallus in
Jessica's cunt. Jess felt another orgasm build. She'd never been multi-
orgasmic before, usually two or three was her limit. But this would be the
fourth, and she knew somehow they would continue this treatment until she
virtually passed out.  Again she jumped against the strong bonds holding her
down as the powerful orgasm flew from her clit outward. The first man to
shoot again plastered her mouth with sticky white sperm, which she dutifully
swallowed. She was beginning to get used to it. 

     The cycle continued for several minutes. Katy would bring her to an
mind-shattering orgasm, and at the exact moment that it struck one of the two
men at her head would innundate her mouth with cum, which she swallowed. 10,
12, fifteen times she came strongly; 10, 12, fifteen squirts of sperm landed
in her pretty mouth. One part of her mind detached itself as she wondered how
these men managed such total self-control. Yet here was the proof, sliding
across her tongue and down into her tummy. Finally she could take no more.
Her over-sensitized clit throbbed with delicious pain. She passed out.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

     When she woke late in the afternoon she was back, shackled to her bed in
the small room she had first been brought to the day before. A young girl
came in to bring some food, which Jessica wolfed down hungrily. Steak,
potatoes, coffee, apple pie and some cool refreshing water was all they
allowed her, but to Jessica it was a feast. She really hadn't had anything in
her mouth except cum and piss for over 24 hours. She felt sore and tired
still, but better than she had in the morning, thanks to the massage and
injections she had been given. The organization that had brought her here
made sure that their women had the physical endurance to bear the trials and
tribulations they were subject to.

     Some time after dark, Eva and another girl came in. The new girl was
dark haired, looking very Polynesian or Eurasian. She was tall, about 5'10",
and very well built. She had enormous breasts that seemed to ride her ribcage
like cement. Long trim legs and shapely hips surrounded a shaven cleft,
shaven like Jessica's and, she realized, Eva's. 

     "Jessica, this is Leilani, we call her Lei. She will be your companion
for the next few days. She is free to answer any question you may have, but
be warned, she really doesn't know that much, do you dear? Most of her brains
have been watered down with sperm." Eva snarled, turning to Lei. The new girl
nodded. "Lei is currently our cum swallowing queen. Perhaps that's a position
you might aspire to in the near future. Do you want to tell our little guest
how you got that title?"

     Lei reddened and didn't immediately speak. Eva snapped "Tell her!".

     The girl swallowed hard. 

     "I was taken to the Army base near here. I was tied to a mattress,
naked. Vibrating dildos were placed in my vagina and in my rectal passage. I
had been fasting for three days. I had had two enemas and a direutic. There
was virtually nothing in my entire digestive system from lips to anus."  The
clinical terms seemed somehow out of place to Jessica, but she nodded and Lei
continued.

     "Two video cameras were stationed, focusing on my face and mouth.
Starting at 7:00 am, I allowed the soldiers at the base to masturbate and
ejaculate into my mouth, after which I swallowed their emissions. There was
an climax directed into my open mouth approximately once every two and a half
minutes. By noon I had ingested the semen from 150 men. I had orgasmed from
the vibrators over 50 times. I was allowed a brief break to swallow some
toast and crackers and to void my bladder. During the afternoon, the
vibrators were removed, and men were permitted to have intercourse with me,
either vaginally or anally. They were required to wear condoms. The
ejacualate was removed from the condoms into a 12 ounce wine glass. When the
glass was full, I drank it. I swallowed three full glasses. My vagina and
rectum were sore and dry by then, and not pleasant for the men, so for
several hours I again welcomed the soldiers to ejaculate into my mouth. By
7:00 pm, I had ingested somewhat over 300 emissions of semen. The only times
we stopped were when we had to load more tape into the cameras or when I had
to urinate."

     Lei stopped for a breath. Jessica's heart was beating rapidly, and she
gasped involuntarily.

     "The bitch was just getting started. Tell her how many men are on that
base, cum-face." Eva rasped at Lei.

     "There are approximately eight hundred and fifty members of the Army
stationed at that base during peacetime. Each man that visited me was
medically evaluated for any communicable disease. Not all of them were
available, nor were they all interested. At 7:00 pm, after twelve hours of
nearly continuous sperm ingestion. I was again given a small amount of solid
food and allowed to wash my face off. Despite my best efforts, many of the
men were unable to direct each ejaculatory stream into my mouth, and as a
result several emissions remained on my facial skin. At 7:15 I again was
placed on the mattress and the men arriving back at the base from their daily
maneuvers and training were led in. This time each man was to have vaginal or
anal intercourse with me, but was under orders to withdraw and ejaculate into
my mouth. I moved from on my back to on my stomach whenever requested.
Emissions were recorded at the average rate of one every 3.5 minutes. Men not
performing intercourse were allowed to masturbate and direct their emissions
into my mouth by hand. By midnight, I had swallowed the ejaculated semen from
an additional 175 men, and had been performing this task for approximately 16
and a half hours. I had had, myself, over 100 complete and fulfilling
orgasms."
     
          Again she stopped to let this tale sink in. She looked directly into
Jessica's eyes. "Between the time of midnight and 7:00 the next day,  I
continued to encourage the gentlemen to use my body for their physical
pleasure. Every ejaculation took place by me placing the head of the penis
between my lips and allowing the discharge to take place into my mouth.
Between the hours of 2:00 am and 3:00 am I was permitted to nap lightly.
During that time, several men performed cunnilinguis on me, and also had sex
with me vaginally. They too were required to wear condoms. The combined
ejaculate was placed in the wine glass and I ingested that when I woke. There
were 43 emissions in it. The rest of the night was composed of the men,
singly or in pairs, being masturbated by me and directing their seminal
discharge into my mouth in the above mentioned manner. At precisely 7:00 am
the next day, they were halted."

     "Go on, tell her, tell the fuck slut how much cum you drank." sneered
Eva. 

     "Exactly 622 emissions were counted. Based on an average emission size
of three quarters of an ounce, it is believed I swallowed between four
hundred and fify and five hundred ounces of semen. We believe it is a world
record.  I urinated 17 times during that day, and the next. I gained
approximately seven pounds due to the salts and other ingredients present,
which I lost within the next week as the fluids were eliminated or absorbed
into my body. My breasts, however, went from a size 34 B-cup to a size 38-D
cup, at which size they have remained since. I am not sure what caused this.
No other after effects were ever found."

     She finished and continued looking at Jessica. "How's that for some
fucking cum swallowing slut, eh?" cackled Eva. 

     "I would go back tomorrow." said Lei gently. "I am completely and
totally addicted to drinking semen. I have been conditioned to orgasm when I
feel semen anywhere on my lips, face, or mouth. I no longer can have an
orgasm through clitoral or vaginal stimulation. I receive approximately 15
discharges a day orally. I have not allowed a man to ejaculate in my vagina
or my rectum for over a year unless they absolutely insist. Most do not. I
have no menstrual cramps at all. My period lasts only two days. I do not
suffer from pre-menstrual tension or any other common female complaint."  She
paused and looked at Eva, then at Jessica. 

     "Soon you may be as happy as I."

     Jessica looked at her. Her skin was a rich creamy light brown, her hair
a lustrous black. There appeared to be not an ounce of fat on her. She could
have been a model, except for the over-large breasts. Only her eyes betrayed
her. They were slightly out of focus, almost dull. Jessica shivered.

     "Never." she said.

     "Wanna bet?" cackled Eva.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
So ends Jessica's first full day at the Mansion. Stay tuned for coming
adventures. Comments are appreciated.

--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 5


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Author's Note : Sorry for the long delay in continuing the story, but
pressures of work and play sometimes intrude in the the 'creative' process.
Number 5 here has been done for some time, but I'm just now getting around
to uploading it. This particular chapter grew into something longer, so I
decided to split it and finish Chapter 6 much sooner. Look for it in early
May.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        The conversion of Jessica Episode V

     The next morning, Jess was roughly shaken awake by one of the male
guards. Rubbing the sleep from her eyes, she suddenly thought back to the
grotesque tale that Lei had related the previous night. It seemed
incredulous that one woman could swallow as much semen as Lei claimed to
have done in one day,but Jess had no reason to disbelieve her. The only
thing that bothered her was the somewhat glazed look in Lei's large brown
eyes. The guard pulled her roughly to her feet and uncuffed her hands. He
instructed her to bathe and perform her toilet, and dress in the outfit
that would be ready on the bed when she came out. He made no move to leave
the room, following her into the bathroom and eyeing her with almost a
detached air as she voided her bladder. He made no move to touch her as she
shrugged off the robe and took a quick but satisfying shower. She quickly
dried her hair and walked back into the bedroom.

     There on the bed was a strange looking outfit. The normal garter belt,
stockings and high heels were complemented by a odd looking bra. Jessica
gasped when she picked it up. The inside of each cup was crisscrossed with
hundreds of tiny little needle-like teeth protruding about a quarter of an
inch into the cup. If she wore this and any pressure at all was applied to
her breasts, the pain could be agonizing.

     "Put it on." the guard said roughly. Jessica looked into his eyes.
They told her to obey. Quaking, she slowly pulled the cups up to cover her
breasts and looped one strap over her shoulder. This movement caused the
opposite cup to dig into her breast just enough to make her jump with
alarm.  She carefully worked the other strap over, tentatively cautious. As
she bent to pick the garter belt off the bed, the guard moved up quickly
behind her and, throwing his hands around her, squeezed her breasts roughly
through the devilish bra.

     Jessica yelped and her eyes watered at the sharp pain coursing through
her chest. She tried to pull the guard's hands from her chest, but he held
even tighter.

     "This is just a sample of what you will be in for if you don't
cooperate today, missy!" he hissed in her ear. Then he roughly pushed her
away, laughing as she stumbled and fell onto the bed. The guard watched
with a smirk on his face. He led her down to the dining room, bade her sit,
and then left. Jessica looked around the cleared table. There were the
usual shakers of salt and pepper, some small containers of what appeared to
be skim milk or cream, and several large, empty glasses with a faint sheen
of white liquid on their inside surfaces.  The door to the kitchen opened,
and a cute young girl who didn't appear to be more than fourteen or fifteen
years old appeared. She had on a classic French maid's uniform , complete
with high heels, stockings, and short flared skirt that showed the tops of
her stockings and garter clasps clearly. Her legs were slim and tanned,
strong and muscular, the typical legs of a growing teenager.

     "They're watching, and if you don't finish it all, you'll be
punished." The girl spoke almost vacantly as she dropped a plate in front
of Jessica. It contained three medium sized pancakes with blueberries, two
fried eggs, and two slices of wheat toast. There was also a cup of steaming
coffee, a glass of milk, and a tumbler of orange juice. At first Jessica
could see no reason why she would not wolf down the entire plate, as she as
so famished. But then she looked at the food more closely. Each item on the
plate had a covering of the whitish liquid she had come to recognize so
quickly in the recent days. It was poured over the pancakes like vanilla
syrup.  The eggs seemed dipped in it. And Jessica could easily see it mixed
in and spread over the butter on the toast. She shuddered.  She picked up
the glass of milk, knowing as she brought it to her nose and sniffed that
it wasn't milk at all, but a full eight ounce glass of semen.

     Jessica looked at the young girl with pleading eyes. She was
astonished to find her looking at the food with obvious relish. "Do you eat
this way?" she asked.

     "Are you kidding? I always have it that way. I love it! I had two full
helpings this morning. Try it, you'll like it!" the young teen answered
with a smiling face.

     Jessica glumly set about the task. Luckily, the normal taste of the
food disguised the semen taste for the most part, but she could still sense
the salty tartness of the liquid. Finally, she was done with the food. ALl
she had to finish was the coffee, juice, and tumbler of sperm. She decided
the easiest way would be to take a sip of the white liquid, then wash it
down with the coffee and juice. Mouthful of sperm, mouthfull of orange
juice. Sip of sperm, sip of coffee. And so it went, each time the whitish
liquid entered her mouth and stomach, followed by the cool juice or hot
coffee. Jessica had to admit the food was delicious and the coffee and
juice were the freshest she'd ever tasted. Finally the entire meal was
done, and Jessica pushed back her chair.

     "There. I'm done. I hope they're satisfied, whoever THEY are!" she
spoke sharply to the young girl. The teen had stood by her the entire time,
licking her lips absentmindedly while Jessica ate. Jessica felt full and
almost content for the first time in days. As she dabbed her lips with the
napkin, the guard who had roused her in the morning appeared again. He bade
her come with him, attaching a short link of chrome chain to the collar
around Jessica's neck. They walked in silence down the corridors of the
mansion, finally stopping at a large double door. He pushed it open and
pulled Jessica through after him. Jessica took in the scene before her.
There were between fifteen and twenty women, all dressed identically to
her, sitting at rough classroom style desk

     A large podium and table were positioned at the front of the room, and
there was a pull-down viewing screen in place. A dozen men stood off to one
side, each clad in a small white towel which did little to hide the excited
bulges at their waists. A tall, blond haired woman stood to the side of the
podium. She wore her hair piled high on her head in a bun. She had large
round eyeglasses on, dangling from her neck on a gold chain. She turned and
looked at the interruption.

     "Ah, our final student for the day. She'll have to learn to be here on
time from now on, but we'll let her slide today with just a small reminder.
Jake, place her in a desk and hook her up. And we can continue....". Her
last comments were directed at the guard, who pushed/pulled Jessica to an
empty desk. He sat her roughly down in the chair and pulled a thick cable
to which were attached two smaller wires, each ending in a metal alligator
clip, from a grommet-covered hole tin the top of the desk. Each clip he
attached to small conductors that were sewn in over the nipples of the
painful bra that Jessica had almost forgotten about. As soon as he had, he
stepped away, careful to see that he wasn't touching anything on or about
Jessica's body.

As he moved away, the woman at the front of the room moved to the podium.
Jessica couldn't see her press the small button. But suddenly Jessica's
frame was twisted wildly in pain as a powerful electric shock coursed
through her. She cried out in anguish, writhing in agony.

     "As you can see, we have complete control over you. Any resistance
will be met by higher and higher voltages. It can get very painful, as the
other students will tell you. My name is Doctor Karen Hanley. I am board
certified in internal medicine, gynecology and urology. I hold degrees from
Harvard Medical School, Johns Hopkins University, and the University of
Helsinki." As she talked, she flipped the switch at the podium off, and
Jessica slumped back in the chair, relieved at the end of the awful agony.

     She sweated tears of salt into her eyes. The woman continued to speak.
"You women are all here for the same purpose. To condition you into
desiring, needing, in fact requiring, the frequent and repeated application
of male semen into your mouths and onto your faces, as the standard
culmination of the sexual act. You will gradually be de-sensitized in the
clitoral area and your vaginas will become less and less active. You will
learn, practice, and perfect the art of fellatio until you can perform it
for hours on end with large numbers of males, accepting the ejaculation of
each man into your mouth and/or your face."

"Under no circumstances will you ever refuse the advances of any man on
these grounds who wishes to be brought to climax by you. Never, I repeat,
never, will you spit out or otherwise allow any semen that is in your mouth
to leave your mouth except by swallowing, unless directed otherwise by the
man who put it there. By the way, it may interest you to know that a
similar operation is also run by your hosts for men who are taught the art
of cunnilingus and who are completely at the will of woman who desire that
form of attention lavished on them.  But you all are here for one reason
and one reason alone - to learn to love and live on sperm. It will become
one of the staples of your diet. You will drink it, eat it with your food,
and learn all there is to know about it."

     Jessica found herself simultaneously fascinated and repulsed by the
woman's lecture. How anyone could subvert the normal sexual desires and
practices into this one degraded area was beyond her. And yet this woman
was obviously well educated, cultured, beautiful and graceful.

     "I was converted to this regimen about 7 years ago when I first came
here. Since then, I've made it my life work to educate and encourage the
women like you who've come through here. I am on a regimen of 35
ejaculations per day in addition to my normal food. I take semen
exclusively orally now. Most of it is fresh, obtained from several of the
gentlemen here who are willing to allow me to fellate them to orgasm once
or twice a day. I also allow any man who wishes to to masturbate into my
mouth at any time. Other ways I take it are mixed in with my food and
drink. I also drink it straight from the supply that we keep on hand in a
glass or cup. Anyway at all, it's delicious."

     "The main constituent of semen is, of course, plain water. Other
ingredients are small amounts of seminal fluid, a slightly slippery
substance produced in the testes, sucrose, glucose, thiamine, iron, niacin,
phospates, and other trace elements , and the sperm cells themselves. But
what's in it is not what's important. What's important is the volume. It's
a medically accepted fact that there are two things that can increase the
volume of semen produced in a single ejaculation. The first of these is the
time period between ejaculations. The average male takes 36 hours to fully
recharge the testes between orgasms. What this means is that after 36
hours, the amount of sperm produced will be about equal to the amount
produced during the previous orgasm. The other factor is the amount of
sexual intensity produced by the orgasm. The longer a male is sexually
aroused, and producing seminal fluid preparatory to orgasm, before he
actually does orgasm, is also a factor. During the excitation period, the
testicles are producing sperm at a fantastic rate, pumping sperm cells and
spermatic fluid into the holding area. The longer you can keep a man at a
state of high sexual arousal before the orgasm takes place, the greater the
amount of semen produced. We have conditioned the men here to be able to
produce a standard volume ejaculation once every 6 hours, and double the
normal volume once every 12 hours. The normal volume is taken as 50 cubic
centimeters of fluid, or just under one teaspoon full.

     "The cosmetic and healthful powers of semen are just now being
investigated. Many people are not aware of the fact that semen itself is
quite healthy to ingest, primarily due to the fact that it contains several
antibiotics. Sperm cells are very vigorous, as you can well imagine. It is
well known that ancient peoples worshipped the life-giving powers and
properties of the male fluid though the centuries. We know that the
application of regular amounts to the facial skin keeps the pores clean and
free of oil and dirt. It also appears to retard wrinkling, add to the
elasticity and appearance, and increase the overall health of the skin.
Therefore, the regular massaging of semen into the face is also highly
recommended, and should be part of your daily regimen. However, since there
is usually a fair amount of salt in semen, it can sting if it gets into the
eyes, so remember that. In no way is the application, ingestion, or
swallowing of semen unhealthy, unless the male himself is carrying a
sexually transmitted disease such as syphilis. Also, for those of you
concerned about the HIV virus, medical knowledge to date appears to support
the fact that saliva and the normal stomach fluids kill any virus present
in the sperm. Thus, there is virtually no chance that you can contact HIV
through swallowing semen. In fact, that's one of the safest ways of
exchanging bodily fluids."

     Jessica didn't know if this was true or not, but a small shiver still
ran through her. Karen continued lecturing for another hour, going over in
detail the anatomical and biological constructs of the male reproductive
system. Jessica's mind was overwhelmed with words like "vas deferens",
"urethrea", "glans penis", and "scrotal capacity". Karen showed pictures of
naked penises of every size, shape and color, in both flaccid and erect
states.

     She showed remarkable time-lapse slow motion slides of the moments of
orgasm from a penis untouched by any other flesh. The penis hung in the air
momentarily, then flinched and pulsed. The shaft pushed a stream of semen
out into the air. The camera caught it in large globules flying off. Again
and again it shook and trembled, each time sending huge amounts of cum out
the hole at the tip. After the orgasm passed, the penis slowly shrank in
size and drooped. The camera panned left, towards where the semen had flown
out. It came upon a girl's face. Jessica recognized her as the young girl
who had brought the breakfast in that morning. Her face was literally
dripping with the ejaculate. Gobs of it lay splattered across her cheeks
and nose, across her lips and forehead. It lay in wet white lumps in her
hair. The girl grinned impishly, smiling at the camera. She took her
fingers and collected the sperm from her face, bringing it to her mouth
time after time, to lick and suck it from her fingers. When her face was
finally cleared, she swallowed it all.

     "What you just saw was one example of what we call our spontaneous
orgasm. This is a special team of a girl and a man who have perfected the
art of 'hands-off' ejaculations. The man obtains an erection and stands in
front of the girl. Purely through vocalizations and mental exercise, the
man is able to ejaculate. His target is always her face."

     "Now I would like you all to consider the men up here with me. These
men have been selected as a cross-section to illustrate the various flavors
and consistencies that you will find in semen." Karen pointed the men out
as she introduced them, each one standing and bowing towards the women
students. "Think of this like one of those fancy wine-tasting parties you
probably used to go to. Each of these men will ejaculate into a small
champagne flute, which you will sample as we discuss the various
differences and similarities. There will be plenty of sperm to go around,
as each of these men has remained celibate for two weeks prior to our class
here. Gentlemen, you may begin. Here are some inducements." She stood back
and pulled several large rolled up pictures down from the wall behind her.
Each one showed an attractive feminine face or mouth attached to an erect
penis, milking the sperm from the testes, or a face roundly splattered with
cum. Several showed open mouths, proudly displaying a recently arrived load
of cum. The men stood, opened their robes, and lined up in front of Karen.
She knelt before each one and gently masturbated or spoke to them in turn.
In turn, each man ejaculated his two-week buildup of semen into the flutes
that Karen held before them. The quantity of sperm produced impressed even
Karen, who exclaimed sharply when one overzealous subject filled the flute
to nearly overflowing, then directed several large spurts at her own
bespectacled face. Karen didn't even flinch as the cum struck her face.

     "Gracious, Jose, you've been saving that up for a while, haven't you!"
she winked at the man, leaning forward to plant a wet kiss on the dripping
end of his cock. When the men were finished, Karen bade them sit back down.
As she wiped her face with a tissue, she said, "Now, ladies, I want you all
to line up here one by one, and we're going to sample each of the varieties
our guys have so proudly furnished us. Jessica, since you were late, you'll
be first. Disconnect your wires, but remember that all your companions are
still hooked up. Come down here." She spoke sharply enough so that Jess
knew she meant it. She unhooked the clips from her nipples and walked on
trembling legs down the aisle and up the few steps to the lab table. There
on the table were the wine glasses, each holding the fresh cum of the men.

     "Take the first glass, and take a sip of the semen. Taste it and tell
me what you think." Jessica looked at Karen with hate in her eyes. "Do you
want to wear the clips again? Do it, bitch, get that cum in your mouth,
NOW! NOW!" Karen walked up behind Jessica, grabbed on arm, and roughly
twisted it behind her. The pain coursed through Jessica's body with a
white-hot flash. She trembled, but reached out with her free hand to grasp
the first glass. She picked it up and peered at it, delaying the
inevitable. The whitish liquid had clumps of thick semen floating in it
like melted marshmallows. Jessica willed her arm up and tilted the glass
tentatively across her lower lip and allowed a small amount of the semen to
roll across her tongue. The tangy flavor instantly assaulted her taste
buds. Karen pushed her arm up higher against her shoulder blades, and
Jessica winced.

     "That's it. Tell us what you taste."

     Jessica swallowed glumly, tasting the acrid semen as is slid slowly
down her gullet. "I..I don't know exactly. It was foul, tart, very bitter.
It wasn't pleasant at all. I've nev..never tasted semen that bitter."

     "Right. That's because the man who produced it has had a diet recently
that produces that taste. We can make semen taste bitter, sweet, salty,
bland, or tart. We've found that a diet high in spicy food, and certain
kinds of meats and vegetables produces bitter sperm. By the way, a diet of
fruit juices seems to add a sweeter taste, and oddly enough, the occasional
parsley sprig taken a few hours before ejaculation makes sperm taste fresh
and delightful. " Dr. Hanley continued on, forcing Jessica to sample and
swallow a sip of sperm from each of the glasses on the table. After each
taste, Jessic was told to relate to the rest of the class her impressions.
Suprisingly, each glass sample did taste differently - some was fine and
watery, others thick and ropy. Some was extremely salty, some just barely
tart. Some tasted bland as water, some tasted fruity and sweet. At last
Jessica had finished.

     Karen took the last glass from her. "Ok, as you can see, the quality
and consistency of the ejaculate can vary greatly not only from man to man,
but even from time to time depending on diet and other factors. Return to
your seat."  Jessica meekly walked back to her desk and sat rigidly as a
guard re- clipped her to the devilish electrical cords.

     For the next several hours, Dr. Hanley showed the women numerous
videos of girls having their faces and mouths covered, innundated, with
sperm. It was all done to condition the women to accepting this behavior as
normal and ordinary. Interviews with ladies who had gone through the
training were shown, each one describing in intimate detail how they had
been conditioned to love the feel of the hot sperm striking their skin, and
the taste and enjoyment of swallowing semen. Through it all, Jessica sat
stonily. She still refused to accept the inevitable, though she did find
herself becoming slightly aroused as the women over and over again seemed
to demonstrate complete acceptability of the oral ejacualations they were
being treated to.


---------------------------- End of Part V -------------------------------
-------------- Stay tuned for Part VI, coming soon! ----------------------
--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica6.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 6


                                 Episode VI

     At the end of the session, Karen showed a remarkable video tape. Its'
subject was a strikingly attractive black-haired women who appeared to be
in her middle thirties. She had dark brown eyes, high cheekbones, and
lustrous long black hair. Her tight-lipped face gazed back at the women
watching. She was seated in a chair, and the camera recorded as a group of
18 men, one after another, faced her and, through a combination of fellatio
and masturbation, ejaculated onto her face, lips, chin, cheeks, and in her
hair. She made no attempt to wipe off or otherwise disturb the streams of
cum lining her features. After the last man had finished, the camera pulled
back to show that she had been sitting in a chair in a small shop or
boutique. She then got up from the chair, and with the camera following
her, walked out of the door.

     Most of the women in the room gasped in astonishment. The black-haired
women walked right out into a public street with her face dripping with
semen. Karen paused the video tape. "This woman resisted our efforts to
condition her. We resorted to one of our more drastic measures. We showed
her a picture of her 10 year old daughter standing in her schoolyard, with
one of our 'drivers' right next to her. We told her that if she didn't
cooperate, her daughter would be brought here and would undergo the very
same education she was so unwilling to accept. We told her that the only
way to forestall that eventuality would be to undergo what we call the
'crash course' in sperm facials - public appearance. We have found that
this affects the woman so much that their spirit to resist is totally
broken. Of course, this resistance is nothing more than simple puritanical
conditioning itself, no real harm comes to them, it's just a matter of
changing your outlook. She pulled a number from a hat, numbers that ranged
from six to 30. She pulled the number '18', so that is how many men she was
prepared for. All eighteen, as you saw, came in or on her face and hair,
and she willingly accepted them. Then she was instructed to walk out onto
the sidewalk, down the street, and into a convenience store where, well,
you'll see. Let's start the tape again..."

     The camera followed the woman right out onto the street. From the
angle of the film, it looked like the camera was hidden in a briefcase or
bag, being held at arm's length down the left side of whoever controlled
it. Some sort of remote control device allowed the lens to pan in all
directions and zoom back and forth. It captured the shocked and amazed
looks of several passersby as they realized what was all over the woman's
face when they walked by her. The woman gamely walked upright and proud,
Jessica was suprised to see, her shoulders back, her head held high. The
cameraman walked right behind the woman for about a block and a half, then
turned as she did into a convenience store.  At this point, the film
skipped for a second, and the view changed to what was obviously one of the
security cameras in the store itself. How they obtained it, Jessica
couldn't guess. The camera was positioned above and behind the counter. It
showed a tall, gangly youth of about 19. As the black-haired woman walked
up to the boy, the women watching in silence heard him sputter.

     "Can I help.... Jezzus, what the fuck?.."

     "I have sperm on my face. I love the feel of sperm on my face and in
my mouth. Would you like to ejaculate on my face? Please say yes." the
woman spoke clearly, looking right into the boy's face.

     "What!?"  was all he could respond. Clearly, he wasn't used to this
sort of thing happening.

     "I want you to cum on my face. Don't you see? I love cum on my face.
Wouldn't you like to jerk off and shoot your hot stuff all over my face?
Want me to suck your cock all the way down my throat until your balls
explode with cum? I'll do that, you know. I'll suck your cock so well.
Please let me suck it. I want you to fuck my face, fuck my mouth, I want
you to shove your fat cock into my face and make me suck it. Call me a
slut, call me a cocksucker, call me a cum-faced tramp...."  The woman
paused for breath. The lines of white cum were starting to dry now, they
left visible white streaks across her face and into her hair. A lot of the
sperm had dripped onto the top of her blouse. The resolution of the camera
was suprisingly good.

     The young clerk finally spoke. "Ok, lady, if that's what you want,
come over here." He opened the swinging door into the small area he stood
in, and the camera followed the beautiful woman as she quickly walked into
the small space and dropped to her knees. The view then faded out. As it
came back into focus, the woman was just standing up. The boy was leaning
back against the counter, gasping for breath. The woman too, was breathing
heavily. She gulped and walked around to face the camera.

     Her face was covered in sperm. She looked directly into the camera and
the frame froze - there was a line of sperm leading from her hairline, down
across her left eyebrow, over the eyelid, and down across her cheek. It was
thick and ropy. Another jet had landed between her eyes, dripping slowly
off one side of the bridge of her nose like white syrup. Two lines
criss-crossed her other eye, trailing down onto her right cheek. Small
droplets festooned her forehead and lips. It hung in gooey ropes from her
lips and mouth, dripping down onto the top of her blouse. It seemed that
the boy had ejaculated literally dozens of streams of cum onto her face.
She opened her mouth to prove to the camera that it was full of sperm. She
poked her tongue up out of the white goo and pushed it up out over her
bottom lip. A wave of semen flowed down over her chin and dripped wetly
onto her clothes.

     "Thank you. Thank you for giving me so much sperm." she said thickly,
honestly, to the clerk. He just mumbled something and the scene went dark.

     "I'm proud to say that Angela went home to her husband the next week,
where we understand she is the object of weekly gang bangs in their home -
her husband brings home anywhere from twenty to forty men each Friday
night, and they stay until Sunday - Angela virtually lives on sperm for the
entire weekend. One weekend she sucked each man off five times, and also
drank nearly a quart of sperm from a brandy snifter they masturbated into.
The men rarely use her vagina or rectum for normal intercourse - she is
content to spend the entire weekend going from man to man, fellating them
and masturbating them. Her husband videos the meetings on a regular basis,
and sells the resulting tapes to collectors for very good money." Karen
finished.

     Jessica took a deep breath and shuddered. It was still all too
bizarre, all to foreign for her. She still couldn't believe this was
happening to her. She wondered if her husband was aware of her kidnapping
three days ago, if he was worried about her, if he had tried to contact
her. Her reverie was broken by Karen's announcement that the morning class
was over, and the the women would continue on after lunch to further
conditioning. One of the burly guards came to Jessica's seat and unclipped
the electrical leads fastened to her bra and grasped her arm firmly but not
roughly.

     "I'm to take you to Room 7B - that's where "The Hose" works. You'll
want to skip lunch. You'll get plenty at 7B" he grinned mockingly at her.
Jessica didn't know what he could mean, but could only picture more and
more semen pooling its way into her stomach. He led her out of the lecture
room and through the hallways of the mansion. They finally entered a
thickly padded and carpeted room with a low, velvet covered bench in the
center. The bench was perhaps six feet square, and had round cuffs at each
corner. The man led Jessica into the room and pushed her down onto the
couch. He locked each wrist and ankle into the corner cuffs and, grunting
in satisfaction at her imprisonment, spent some minutes setting up several
video cameras on tripods around the center of the room. Jessica could see
that one was focused on her crotch, one on her trembling breasts, and one
on her face and head. After checking the connections and satisfying himself
that they were all complete, he started each camera. Bright lights added to
the unreal nature of the event.

     "Just wait'll you see the Hoser, lady. You'll shit your pants.
HaHaHaHa" he giggled insanely. Then he left the room. Jessica trembled,
afraid of the consecuences of the next few minutes or hours. She struggled
in her bonds, but they had been fastened securely. She was uncomfortable,
but not in severe pain. She heard a door open up and footsteps enter into
the room. A woman of about 22 walked up to her and looked her in the eye.

     "Hmmmm. You look delicious. I'm gonna enjoy fucking you every which
way. I'm gonna suck the juice right outa your cunt." She chortled and knelt
down next to Jessica's crotch. She bent her head and began nuzzling the
bound woman's labia.  Jessica couldn't help the shiver of feeling that came
through her. The woman licked and sucked at the gradually moistening folds
of flesh. She swabbed the hooded clitoris gently with her tongue, nipping
and nibbling at it. Suddenly Jessica shuddered and cried out.

     "Ohhhhhhhhh god yes that's it, that's it, oh baby......." she cried as
the first orgasm struck. The woman at her thighs looked up.

     "Ok, that's a start. Now, there's a particular reason you're here-"
the girl said as she got up. She pressed a small button on the edge of the
couch, and Jessica was suprised to feel the entire object begin to fold at
her waist, moving up like a hospital bed, until her upper body was at about
a 45 degree angle from her legs. Jessica now found herself in an almost
upright position, still strapped into the couch that had become a chair.
The girl at her groin moved around to stand next to her. She watched
curiously as the girl leaned over and pressed a small button on the side of
the couch/chair device. The door into the room opened and a huge shadow
blocked the light from beyond. A man stepped in to the room.

     Jessica gasped in horror. The enormous black man stood at least 6 and
a half feet tall, and weighed over 300 pounds. He was wearing a long white
towel wrapped around his midsection, hanging down to his knees. His
muscular chest shone in the bright lights. His dark eyes gazed down at her
with obvious lust.

"You think you suck cock any good?" the girl asked Jessica, abruptly
breaking out of her reverie.

"I..I don't know..I guess so..." Jessica replied, unsure of what kind of
response the other girl was looking for.

     "You GUESS so? What kind of answer is that? Shit, honey, you either do
or you don't. Does hubby like it? Yeah, I suppose he does. Well, in any
case, you're gonna learn how today. Hah, yes, today you're gonna learn."
she chortled. "We found Andre here working in a fuckin' factory, but we
pulled him out of there and now he just works for us. Andy helps us teach
you girls how to suck cock like a champion. We call him the Hoser for
short. Hah hah, "for short", that's a laugh. When Andy gets a hard-on, he's
a valid 14 and a half inches long. Now that's a COCK!" she laughed. Jessica
blanched.

     "There aren't too many girls that can take him all the way down on
their first try, but believe me, honey, when you leave here, you'll be able
to swallow his fuckin' root right down to the balls with ease.  He cums in
fucking buckets, too. Real hot and sweet, actually, it's not bad. Ok, Andy,
show the lady here what you've got. " She motioned for him to walk over
next to them. He moved up so he was standing just to the left of Jessica's
head, and on the other girl's right. He exhaled sharply and pulled the
towel away from his waist.

     Jessica gasped. "Oh my god!...."

     "Right. That's the usual first impression. Quite a dick, eh?" the girl
agreed. Jessica stared at the man's genitals. His penis hung down, flaccid
and soft, not even the hint of an erection stirring. Yet it reached halfway
down his thigh. It was a dark walnut brown, with a shiny glans and smooth
shaft. A mass of curly black pubic hair marked the spot where it attached
to his body. Swinging gently behind the muscular shaft was a sack
containing two of the largest testicles Jessica had ever seen. They looked
like they belonged to a horse or bull. Each was nearly the size of a duck
egg, and Jessica marvelled at their size and smoothness. The girl reached
out to heft the scrotum.

     "Here's where he keeps the good stuff. These balls can crank out more
cum that you're likely to ever see from one man at one time. And he can cum
a couple of times an hour, right Hoser? What's the most you've ever cum in
a day?"

     "Fourteen times." he replied, smiling. Jessica was not suprised to
hear a deep, strong voice emanating from the giant of a man. "That's if I
stay celibate for two days before."

     "And how long have you been holding back now, Andre?" queried the
     girl.

     "I haven't cum since Saturday." Jessica counted the days. Five. 

     "Good. You'll have a good load for us today." The girl continued to
gently knead and massage his scrotum.  "Watch this" she said, almost to
herself. Slowly, Jessica saw the shaft begin to thicken with blood. The
girl did not touch it. Slowly, ever so slowly, the giant club began to
stiffen and rise. It twitched with engorgement as blood continued to
suffuse the fleshy tube. Higher and higher the head pointed. Fuller and
fuller, the shaft expanded until it seemed nearly as thick as Jessica's
wrist. Finally the girl reached out with her free hand to grasp the shaft
and begin masturbating it into complete erection.

     "Sometimes ya gotta help pump this fella up a bit. C'mon Andy, get it
hard for me, get it hard." She continued to stroke his balls and shaft.
Jessica watched the cock stretch out. Farther and farther it seemed to
grow, aided by the pumping hand of the girl. Her grip enclosed less than a
quarter of the entire length, and barely reached around the girth of the
penis. As it hardened, Jessica noted that the last three or four inches
ended in a downwards curve. The main part of the shaft stood straight out
from his body, but the last 25% of the cock curved toward the floor. The
girl noticed her staring at it.

     "Yeah, he ends in a bit of a curve there. Wierd, isn't it? It feels
really funny down in your throat like that. Here, let me show you." And
suddenly, the girl was on her knees in front of the man, not a foot from
Jessica's astonished face. She opened her mouth and gulped in the first
three or four inches of hard cock. Jessica heard the man sigh. The girl
grasped his clenching buttocks with both hands and pulled, literally
pulled, her head onto his shaft. Her lips chewed their way down the shaft.
Six inches, then seven, then eight inches of pulsating penis entered the
girl's mouth. Inside the girl's mouth, the head of the cock pushed aside
the tender membranes of her upper throat and tongue. It pushed her tongue
flat as it neared the curve downward into her throat. Jessica heard her gag
slightly and swallow. The man sighed again. Inside her mouth, the head slid
down into the opening at the top of her throat. It wormed its way into the
very top of her esophagus. Andy reached out to put his hands on her head
and slowly pulled her face towards his groin. Nine, then ten, then eleven
inches of cock disappeared from view. Now the head of the cock was well
down inside the young girl's throat, pointing downwards, its curve showing
a definite bulge in her neck and upper chest as it worked it's way down. It
pushed aside her tiny Adam's apple. Twelve, thirteen, then fourteen inches
in. The girl's face was red with exertion and effort, and small beads of
sweat broke out on her forehead. Just a finger's width of penis shaft
remained exposed. The girl pushed forward the last bit, and her lips mashed
flat against the man's pubic hair.

     The entire 14 1/2" shaft of cock was enveloped within her mouth and
throat. The head was more than three-quarters of the way down her
esophagus, just inches above her stomach and the small flap of skin at the
base of her throat. She stayed like that for several moments, then slowly,
gradually, began to rise up off the shaft, allowing several inches at a
time to emerge from between her slick lips. The head backed up out of her
body, pulling up moisture and slickness as it reversed its path, pulling up
and out of her throat. As it slid up and over the back of her tongue,
Jessica heard the girl swallow again, and gulp down a lungful of air.
Finally, she let the head pop free.

     "Ahhhhhhhhhhh shit, that's a big fuckin' cock Andre. But I got it all
down, as usual."

     "No one sucks me as good as you do, Pamela" he said to her. 

     She turned to look at Jessica. "By the end of the week, you'll be able
to do that too.  She continued to slowly fist the cock back and forth. It
was wet with her saliva and small bubbles of pre-cum that glistened and
shone at the tip. "Now. let's just see how much you can take right off."

     Andre moved up closer to Jessica's scared face. Pamela reached out and
pulled her chin down. "Open up. Way, way open now, just like at the
dentist." Jessica pulled back and tried to close her mouth.

     "SLAP!" Pamela swung her open hand at Jessica's face, stinging her
with the unexpected blow. "Open your fucking mouth, slut, and suck that
cock, you bitch! You NEVER refuse a cock, hear me!" she yelled. Tears
welled at Jessica's eyes. 'Why is this happening to me?' she wondered
through a clouded mind. Her mouth opened in reflex, the stinging pain of
her slapped cheek a constant reminder of the futulity of resistance.

     Andre, with help from Pamela, placed the tip of his cock on Jessica's
lower lip. It felt like an apple sitting there. Her mouth and lips gaped
around the shaft as he slowly fed more and more of it into her face.
Jessica felt it slide in smoothly across her lips, lubricated by the saliva
and pre- cum. A few inches disappeared before he stopped. Jessica felt her
gag reflex coming on, she couldn't help the feeling.

          "That's it." she heard Andre grunt. Pamela put her fingers around
the shaft at the spot where it exited her lips. The cock was pulled from
Jessica's mouth, allowing her to gasp for air and choke back a sob.

     Pam pulled a small ruler from under the couch. "Three inches! Three
fucking inches! That's all you can take? Christ, lady, you've got a long
way to go, Hahahaha" she laughed. Jessica reddened in embarassement and
shame. "Ok, there's a trick to it. You've got to take a deep breath, and
then let a little of it out. Swallow just before the head hits the back of
your tongue. In fact, sometimes a little cum helps lubricate things. Andy,
give the lady some jizz in her mouth."  The girl, Pamela, held Jessica's
lips open with her two hands. The giant black man masturbated a few
seconds, grunted, and suddenly squirted a small stream of hot semen into
Jessica's opened mouth. She jerked in suprise. Before she could react
further, though, the penis was once again begin forced into her oral
cavity, this time sliding easily across her tongue on the film of sperm
just placed there. Pamela held Jessica's head and moved it back and forth
and side to side, as if to use the head of Andre's cock to swab the cum
around the back of her throat. Inside her mouth, the huge cockhead was
bathed in the gelatinous liquid, allowing it to venture farther and farther
back into her throat.

     Jessica's eyes watered as the monstrous genital was forced farther and
farther back into her throat. It reached the back of her mouth and she
gagged, fighting the urge to retch. Her stomach heaved as, for the first
time in her young life, an erect male penis forced its way over the back of
her tongue and down into the passage of her throat.

     "Yeah, yeah, that's it, push it back in there, go ahead, baby, suck
that cock in there..." Pamela breathed in her ear. "Feel that hot hard dick
in your throat."

     Relentlessly, the shaft burrowed its way in. A few inches of the cock
had by now pushed down into her throat. Jessica felt woozy and smothered
and she couldn't breathe. She gagged and gulped reflexively at the penis as
it passed her tonsils.

     "Breath through your nose, idiot, breathe through your nose. Go ahead,
you can do it, fuck, I've seen twelve year old girls do better than you."
Pamela urged.

     Jessica took a tentative breath through her nose. The oxygen felt
wonderful as she slowly adjusted to the size of the invader in her body.
Pamela put her fingers around the shaft once again and slowly pulled it out
of the woman's mouth. As the head exited Jessica's lips, a thick strand of
cum and saliva connected it to her, drawing taut as the cock moved out. The
string slowly stretched, then snapped, and a line of cum/saliva six inches
long draped itself from Jessica's lower lip down across her chin to splat
wetly across the top of her cleavage.

     "Yeah, babe, that's good, that's good..." said Pamela, as Jessica
heaved in great lungsful of air, trying to clear her dizzy brain. She could
feel the blood pounding in her ears as her head regained its' normal size
and configuration.  "You took in almost eight inches that time, that's more
than half. Not too bad, actually, not too bad."

     "Why must I do this? Why are you doing this to me?" asked Jessica
plaintively.

     "Because, because we're turning you into a compulsive cocksucker and
cum swallower, that's why!" answered Pamely angrily. "Now get ready, we're
gonna try to take the whole thing this time. Hose, are you ready for some
more?"

     "Yeah, just gimme a second. I almost came there a second ago. When she
swallowed like that, it like to blow the head offa my cock."

     "Well, if ya gotta cum, ya gotta cum. Give the bitch a stomachfull of
your dick-snot, see if I care!" Pamela laughed, amused at the thought of
one of Andre's cum loads being blasted straight into Jessica's belly. "Ok,
babe, open up, here comes the log..."

     Once again, she held Jessica's face tight as she and Andre forced her
to accept the huge cock. It seemed to Jessica that the cock had even grown
longer and fatter in the recent minutes. She knew that it was her mouth and
throat that had done it, and she was suprised and dismayed to feel a tiny
bit of pride at her accomplishment. Farther and farther the black rod
pushed into her mouth. The head hit the back of her throat and this time
slipped downwards and over the back of her tongue with practiced ease.
Pamela reached over and pressed the tips of her fingers against Jessica's
neck just above her Adam's apple.

     "There, I can feel it there. Cool. It's going into your throat, bitch.
Now keep swallowing. Hoser, keep pushing, slowly."

     The unreal fellatio continued. Inch after inch of the shaft
disappeared down the throat of the young captive wife as the black man
pushed relentlessly forward. His brow shone with the sweat of excitement
and exertion. Pamela traced the downward passage of the huge stick as it
forced it ways farther and farther down Jessica's throat and esophagus.
Jessica felt a red-hot burning pain in her chest as the monster displaced
other flesh and organs in it's path. Gradually, the descent slowed as less
and less of the cock remained to be swallowed.

     "Yeah, yeah, you got it, you got it now, babe, you got the whole
fucking thing in!" cried Pamela excitedly, as if she was watching a trained
dog roll over and beg. Jessica looked at her with wide eyes and a pleading
look. She felt like she was a butterfly impaled on a pin. Her head and neck
were completely immobilized by the attachement to the man's penis. Sweat
poured from her pores.

     "Oh man, this is good, this feels fuckin' good..." grunted Andre. "I
don't know if I can hold back much longer....FUCK FUCK I'M CUMMIN', I'M
CUMMIN'...." he shouted, shivering with the built-up but repressed orgasm.
Jessica actually felt the mighty shaft quiver and pulse as the strong
muscles in Andre's belly and groin pushed a cupful of semen out the massive
shaft. The head of his cock, imbedded as it was deep in her chest, and
pointing straight down into her stomach, expanded even more, bringing a
sharp pain to her chest and tears to her eyes. A stream of hot sperm flew
out, splashing wetly down the sides of her throat and down into her
stomach. Jessica flinched and groaned inwardly as she felt the hot liquid
enter her body. Andre groaned and flexed again, pulsing a second rope of
slimy sperm into the woman's belly.

     "Pull it out, pull it out, I wanna see it, I wanna see it!!!"
chattered Pamela excitedly, pushing Andre's lower belly away from Jessica's
face. Jessica felt a whoose of air as the cock pulled up and out of her
throat, creating a mini-vacuum behind it. The head pulled back out of her
throat rapidly, sliming up and over her tongue once again. As the shaft
exited her mouth and face, Pamela gamely grabbed the sweaty, slimy surface
and jerked it strongly in Jessica's direction. The head flew out of
Jessica's mouth and Pamela's hands swept up and over it. A rope of sperm
flew out and splattered wetly across the bridge of Jessica's nose. The
amount was almost incredible - the line of cum was fully a third of an inch
in diameter, thick as Jessica's little finger.

     "OH FUCK FUCK FUCK YEAH, I'M CUMMIN ON THE BITCH'S FACE!!!" shouted
Andre as he leaned back on his heels and allowed one woman to masturbate
his orgasming cock into another woman's sweat-soaked face. Jet after jet of
semen flew from his spasming cock, traversing the short distance from his
glans to the flesh in front of it. Jessica seemed frozen in shock, not
moving an inch as the sperm splashed wetly on her features, except to
recoil backwards slightly as each splash of semen flew at her face. Gouts
of cum splattered wetly on her cheeks and lips, covering her eyelids,
draping themselves in her hair and down her forehead. Cum flew into her
gaping mouth as she gulped in air. Cum flew up her nose. It landed all over
her shining face. Her left eye was glued shut as one monstrous jet landed
directly into her blinking eyelid. It flew across her eyebrows and splatted
into her forehead. It covered her lips and chin. A blanket of white began
to hide her face. It dripped down like melting candle wax. Her left cheek
from cheekbone to jawbone was almost completely covered with a soft blanket
of white liquid. The right side of her face was lined with sperm in five
separate places.

     Finally the deluge of orgasmic fluid slowed and stopped. Andre stood
gasping for breath, sweating like a marathoner. No one spoke for several
seconds. All that could be heard was the sound of heavy breathing. And the
relentless drip, drip, drip as the cum flowed softly from Jessica's face to
drop with increasing regularity on the upper slopes of her heaving breasts.

     "Oh God. Oh shit, lookit all that fucking CUM!" finally exclaimed
Pamela. "Your fuckin' face is covered with it! Yeah! Jezzus Christ!"

     Jessica blinked the cum from an eye and gazed at her, unbelieving. Her
face felt as if someone had thrown a bucket of heavy cream on it. There was
not a square inch of skin that didn't have cum over it, either in lines or
a smooth sheen, or in large wet drops. She swallowed roughly, a large gob
of cum being still in her mouth. It felt warm and smooth going down her
ravaged throat. Suddenly, and without warning, Jessica felt the most
massive orgasm she had ever had tremble through her body.

     "ohhhhhhh ohhhhhhhh aaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh  shittttttttttt!!! she
screamed in pleasure and embarrassment. Her skin flushed red and she
trembled. The she passed out.


               ---------------End of Chapter VI ------------
--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica7.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 7


                                 Chapter 7

     When Jessica awoke, it was a few hours later. She was still strapped
into the ghoulish chair. As she groaned and stretched, she was horrified to
find the massive ejaculation of the giant Andre still caked and dried on her
face and in her hair. She skrunched her face around, trying valiantly to peel
the dried cum and sweat from her. Parts of it cracked and fell away. Her
mouth had the salty, yeasty taste to it that she had become so familiar with,
the aftertaste known to the professional fellatrice. She swallowed roughly
two or three times to clear her throat. Her chest still burned from the deep
throating she had performed on the man hours before. Suddenly she realized
that small electrical devices similar to EKG sensors had been attached to her
scalp and behind her ears. She looked down at her crotch and cried out in
horror.

     A device had been attached to the two labia. Small forceps clamped down
on the tender flesh on each side. A third small cup had been attached with
tiny amounts of tape and thread to her clitoris. Electrical wires snaked away
and disappeared under the table. She jerked and struggled, but the wires
wouldn't be dislodged. Her pubic area had been shaven completely clean, and
she noticed that her legs and underarms had also been completely depilatated.
Her legs were splayed widely, and her ankles cuffed to the frame of the
chaise. Her upper body was tilted at about a 45-degreee angle from the
horizontal. Her arms were likewise tightly bound and cuffed, stretched out
to her sides, making her shoulders stiff with pain. Suddenly a loud booming 
voice erupted from hidden speakers in the room. She started with very real
fright.

     "JESSICA! You have been monitored, and it has been decided that you have
not been coming along quite fast enough for our tastes. As such, for the next
four hours, you will be further conditioned. Electrical devices have been
attached to your genital regions. They can provide either the necessary
electrical stimulus to trigger a massive orgasm, or by altering the current
and voltage, a severe and painful shock that is, nonetheless, not harmful.
To prove this, we will now provide you with an orgasm."

     Jessica felt a slight buzz in the devices attached to her labia, then
was shaken with a very real, and very pleasant orgasm. It seemed to blossom
out from her belly and groin, flushing her skin and making her gasp with
relief. The buzzing increased a bit and again she rolled in the throes of an
all-encompassing orgasm. She bit her lip to avoid crying out.

     "We have done a tremendous amount of research into the direct electrical
causes and connections to be found with the female orgasm. By stimulating the
brain with the same general wavelengths and intensities, we can induce an
orgasm of varying intensity and depth. And yet by simply altering the voltage
of the current, we can also apply a painful shock."

     Just as she feared, Jessica was suddenly doubled over with pain as a
sharp electrical shock coursed through her. Her head felt like it would
explode and her groin and belly felt on fire. She screamed in pain. Abruptly
the pain stopped.

     "So you see, we can provide either pleasure or pain. We don't like to
make it painful, but sometimes it's the only way to encourage the proper
conditioning. You will find it occurring less and less often, we hope. Now
then, for the next few hours, you will be sexually assaulted. You may call
it rape, if it pleases you. You can't resist, and no lasting harm will be
done, believe me. Each time you begin to have a vaginal or clitoral orgasm,
we will alter the voltage and you will experience a strong electrical shock.
However, when the men have their orgasms, you will be rewarded with one as
well. Gradually, you will begin to have autonomous orgasms without our aid.
We have collected forty volunteers for this part of your training. Each one
of them will assault you sexually in whatever way they desire. However, as
we monitor your sexual arousal, we will let them know and they will remove
their members from whichever orifice they happen to be in, and deposit their
semen in your mouth, which you will, of course, swallow like a good girl.
Each swallow will result in an orgasm for you. "

     "Now then, lets begin."

     Later on, Jessica thought back on this experience with more than a
little dread. She didn't know how she survived it all. Men of all ages and
sizes began filtering into the room. They stood around her for several
minutes. Each was entirely nude, and most were slowly masturbating their
penises. Several were already erect. A soft gong rang through the room, and
a man walked up to the chair, and sank his cock into Jessica's moistening
pussy. He thrust in and out for several minutes, leaning over to nibble and
bite at her juicy breasts. Jess found herself becoming slowly aroused,
feeling a pleasant buzz in her genitals. She didn't know it at the time, but
the excitement she was feeling was generated completly by the electric
monitoring system that had been attached to her erogenous zones. The man
began thrusting faster and faster, grunting with the exertion. Suddenly, just
as Jess found herself climbing towards orgasm, a harsh bell clanged. The man
fucking her quickly pulled out and leaned up over her face, jerking his cock
furiously. Jessica turned away, and as she did, a small but nonetheless
powerful shock jolted her system.

     "OPEN YOUR MOUTH, JESSICA!" came the booming voice from the speakers.
The intensity of the shock increased, tears flowed from Jessica's eyes. She
finally had no option but to turn back towards the ugly glans just inches
from her lips and slowly opened her mouth. Just as she opened as wide as she
could, the man grunted one last time and unleashed a torrent of sticky cum.
The jets flew out and shot directly into her open mouth. As each one did, the
electrical stimulations at her clitoris and vagina turned into pleasant
buzzes. Jet after jet of hot white cum dripped into her open mouth. Small
droplets festooned her cheeks and lips, but by far the greatest amount
covered her tongue. As the man finished his ejaculation, she closed her mouth
and swallowed the seminal offering. As she did, a very pleasant orgasm
coursed through her body, and Jessica whimpered in pleasure.

     "Very GOOD!" boomed the voice again. Jessica swallowed a second time to
clear her mouth and throat of the salty taste. She could feel the wet liquid
slide down her throat into her belly. "As a reward, we're going to let you
cum again." she heard from the speakers, and sure enough, she felt a light
buzzing at her scalp and, closing her eyes in ecstasy, shuddered through an
extremely pleasurable orgasm once again.

     For the next three hours, the scenes were repeated over and over. Man
after man would penetrate her vagina and perform sex for several minutes,
each time sending Jessica higher and higher on the plane to relief, but she
was never allowed to orgasm with a penis in her vagina. Small shocks would
course through her body each time she began the climb. Each time, as the man
himself began nearing orgasm, a chime would ring and the man withdrew and
positioned himself in front of Jessica's sweaty face. Each time, the tiny
hole on the head of the penis would open and stream after stream of white
semen would jet out, directed almost entirely into Jessica's waiting and open
mouth. Her tongue was so inundated with the salty, sticky taste of the sperm
after a dozen or so ejaculations that she lost almost all sensation of taste
from it. Jessica found herself counting the individual streams of sperm as
they entered her mouth. One man could produce only three small squirts, but
another had eleven jets, and one tall blond stud managed to send 15 actual
splashes of semen onto her tongue. Her mouth almost overflowed before he
finally finished. This load was hot and tangy, almost tart in flavor.

     By far the greatest amount of semen did enter her mouth directly, but
invariably some festooned her face and cheeks. About one-fifth of each
ejaculation, actually, missed its' target and decorated her skin. It was
allowed to simply lay there, drying in the lights, or slowly dripping down
her face. Much of the semen that struck her forehead, nose, eyelids or upper
lip ultimately found it's way into her mouth. Jessica repeatedly licked her
lips of the sperm on them. Each time she swallowed the ejaculation of the man
fucking her, she was rewarded with a very pleasant orgasm. After nearly 35
orgasms, she lost count, and spent the next hours in a daze of sexual
euphoria, simply laying back while the men had intercourse with her, then
slowly coming alive as they withdrew, opening her mouth in an almost robotic
trance, and letting the sperm fly where it would. Then she closed her mouth
and swallowed each time, feeling the marvelous orgasm slide through her. On
occasion, someone would kneel by her and swab her tender pussy lips with a
warm cloth and apply a slight amount of lubricant, but for the most part her
pussy was constantly wet, the juices of her own arousal giving her away.

     The quantity of semen that she swallowed amazed even her watchers - for
some reason the men involved appeared to ejaculate greater than normal
amounts. The normal volume is just about a teaspoonful, but onlookers
estimated that the average emission this day was closer to two or even three
teaspoonsful. Multiply that by the 37 men who participated, and one can
rightly admire the spunk of the woman in question. Her stomach lining was
coated by the rich protein of the fluid. It lubricated and flowed down her
esophagus in warm white waves. The sugars and starches in it were absorbed
into her body quickly, giving her the energy necessary to remain awake and
participative in the session.

     Over and over, Jessica swallowed the sperm, and over and over she
enjoyed the best and most fulfilling orgasms of her young life. Gradually,
it seemed that she lost the feeling of pre-orgasmic tension in her labia and
clitoris. Her lips and tongue took on a new feeling of heightened
sensitivity. She subconsiously noticed an alarming (to her) change in her own
behavior - as each of the last five men performed penile intercourse with her
and withdrew at the necessary time, she found herself starting her orgasm as
she opened her mouth preparatory to the inundation of semen - in other words,
before the man actually ejaculated. The trigger, though, was the actual
timing of the hot salty sperm striking her lips, tongue or mouth. As the men
finished, and the number of them standing around waiting for their turns
diminished, Jessica began tiring as well. She really hadn't had any solid
food for over 10 hours, and (wo)man does not live by cum alone. Finally the
last man shook his drained and empty penis over her mouth and stepped away.

     Her body was soaked in sweat. Her upper body, chest, and face were
likewise streaked and splattered with the odd bubble of sperm. Her labia
swelled red and pulsed quietly. Her breathing was shallow, fast, almost
labored. The lights slowly dimmed, and the last thing she heard before she
mercifully surrendered to unconsciousness was the voice on the speakers...

     "Very good, Jessica. You're coming along nicely now. A treatment like
this every other day for the next two weeks, along with your regularly
scheduled sessions, and you will pass with flying colors."

     When Jessica awoke the next day, she was back in her room, bathed and
naked on the bed. There was a rolling tray next to her bed stacked with
plates of fruit, cold cuts, bread, water, fruit juices, milk, cake, and other
fixings. She attacked it ravenously, and after making and eating three large
sandwiches, all the fruit, two pieces of pastry, some cake, and drinking four
large glasses of water, she felt much better. She couldn't tell what time it
was, or even what day it was, but she felt much better overall. After laying
on the bed for nearly an hour, digesting the food and letting her mind
wander, she finally got up and began to explore the room. There was a large
television set with a VCR , and a collection of about a dozen unlabeled video
tapes. Jess thought she had a good idea of what was on the tapes, so she left
them for later. She walked over to a large built-in bookcase along one wall.
The books seemed an odd amalgam of titles - 'Male - Female Relations in the
Modern World' , 'Deviant Sexual Practices' , 'Physiology of the Sexual
System' , 'Ancient Fertility Rites' , 'Hypnotism and Post-Hypnotic
Suggestions' , 'Cum-Sucking Nurses' , 'My Husband, My Master',  and several
scholarly studies such as those by Masters & Johnson. One book, larger than
the rest, had no title on the binding spine. It was bound in rich leather,
and was easily 3 inches thick. Jessica pulled it from the bookcase, and
walked to one of the chairs to satisfy her curiosity.

     As she sat down and opened the book, she caught her breath. The title
page read "Stories of the Graduates - A Pictorial History of our Society".
She opened to the first page. There was a large picture of a woman identified
only as Sally. She was standing along in a room, naked. There were pictures
of her front, sides, and rear, standing and sitting. She was about 21 or 22
years old, about 5 foot 5 inches tall, dark haired, with a body on the
plumpish side. Her face was attractive, though, and her breasts were well-
formed and showed no hint of sag or drooping. The next page had a brief
synopsis of "Sally's Story". It seemed she was brought to the chateau by her
boyfriend and had undergone the treatment several years ago. She spent four
weeks in the mansion and left a completely transformed woman. The following
pages were a testament to her stay, a pictorial history of her
transformation. The first few pictures were closeups of her having sex with
various men in standard positions and couplings. However, on each page, at
least one photo focused on her face as it was bathed in the creamy emissions
of the males. There were several pages of pictures showing nothing but the
immediate post-orgasm view of her mouth and face. In one picture, a huge
black penis seemed to be pumping massive amounts of semen directly into her
mouth. She held it open right under the shiny plum-shaped glans. The camera
had captured a large jet of ejaculate stretching from the opening of the
man's cock all the way down into her mouth, a distance of several inches. Her
face was dotted with clumps and beads of semen. Another view on the same page
showed her open-mouthed, looking directly into the camera. A large pool of
sperm could easily be seen in her mouth. It covered her tongue and seemed to
slosh around her teeth like a mouthful of melted vanilla ice cream. Drips and
drabs of it drooled down over her lower lip. Then next picture showed her
close-mouthed, obviously swallowing down the gelatinous mixture, and rubbing
her stomach in glee.

     Despite her situation, Jessica was amazed to find herself becoming
aroused. "My God,", she thought, "this is making me wet. What are they
turning me into?" She couldn't stop her trim fingers from idly brushing up
and down across her slowly slickening vaginal lips. She kept turning the
pages. "Sally" was shown in scene after scene of fellatio and facial cum
poses. Often three, four, or more cocks could be seen in the frame, posing
around her flushed and saturated face like hunters around a downed deer. The
last page of her story had a series of pictures of her leaving the mansion
on her boyfriend's arm, smiling and glowing like a recent Miss America
winner. 

     The next pictorial concerned a woman named "Lisa". She came to the
clinic at the behest of her husband. She had a self-admitted aversion to oral
sex of any kind, and turned to this place in desperation. "She came
willingly?" mused Jessica. "I can't picture that at all...". But picture that
she did, as she slowly turned the pages. There was Lisa, on her knees, facing
a line of a dozen naked men, each erect and pointing their members at the
young red-head. There was a close-up of Lisa's lips stretched obscenely
around the erect shaft of a penis, her eyes closed in concentration, her
unseen tongue wrapped around the glans. There were scenes of Lisa on her
back, her head hanging down off a bed, with a young man brutally fucking his
cock into her mouth and down her throat. There were pictures of Lisa at a
party, naked among all other guests, holding a clear goblet of milky liquid
that Jessica guessed was sperm. Her face and breasts where spotted with white
dots and lines, as were her hands and wrists. A small note appeared beneath
one picture - "Lisa was gifted with over 40 ejaculations at this cocktail
party". Page after page of glossy color photos of the young woman decorated
the book, her face in turn decorated with the emissions of dozens of men. 

     Jessica paged through the book in rapt fascination, her fingers
continuing to idly thrum her cunt lips and clitoris. She felt her passion
rising, but for some reason could not approach the peak she desired. Then she
realized that her conditioning was starting to take effect - she gulped in
the realization that what she really wanted to do was suck on a large, firm
penis. She closed the book with a slam and heaved herself on the bed in
disgust, face down, sobbing.  Just then the door to her room opened and her
tormenter Eva and the young girl Pam walked in. They were wearing identical
outfits - thigh high black leather boots with five-inch stiletto heels,
silver-studded leather miniskirts around their waists, and black leather
bras.  

     "Ok, slut, time for your next lesson." crowed Eva , "It's time you got
out in public for a while. Oh, by the way, your darling hubby called last
night. Some friends at the phone company routed his call here, and we had one
of our ladies who can mimic almost anybody pretend she was your answering
machine. Guess what? You're visiting your sister in Minneapolis and won't be
back home for five weeks! He believed it all, and probably won't be calling
back! Hahahahaha" she cackled evilly. "Now, it's time to get you dressed for
our outing!"  She and Pam ordered Jessica to put on the slacks and blouse
they pulled from the dresser and threw on the bed. She did so, meekly. 

     "Wh..Where are we going?" whispered Jessica with a quaver in her voice.

     "You'll find out when we get there, babe." replied Eva harshly. They
escorted her out the door and down the hallway, and out to the rear of the
chateau. They walked towards an automobile. As the trio of women approched
the car, a driver got out and walked up to them.

     "They're expecting us there. Here's the blindfold." He produced a black
mask that Eva slipped over Jessica's head. 

     "We still can't let you see where you're going. Don't worry, it'll come
off when we get where we're going." Jessica's world was plunged into
darkeness. The three women sat in the car, and it drove off. Jessica felt the
automobile wind down a driveway, and then out onto a rough road. It bounced
down the road for several minutes, then turned onto a smoother road, and
travelled on it for another length of time. Then Jessica felt the car
accelerate rapidly as if merging onto a freeway. It travelled the freeway for
almost 30 minutes, then she felt the car turn off, head down what felt like
an exit ramp, and stop momentarily. Then, after several turns and short
distances, as if the car was navigating city streets, it stopped. She felt
herself pulled and guided out of the car, and with halting, tentative steps,
was guided into a building of some sorts, still with the blindfold on.

     She felt hands loosening the mask, and it was pulled up off her head.
She looked around, disoriented. She was in a small room with almost no light
on. There was a large plate glass window in the center of one wall, and after
peering at it quizzically for a few seconds, Jessica realized it was a two-
way mirror. She looked out into what appeared to be a doctor's examining
room. Just under the mirror, about 30 inches off the floor, was a rigid metal
tube that was attached through the wall. It protruded into the connecting
room, ending in a large funnel-type attachement of stainless steel. The
funnel and tube descended through the wall and ended in the room Jessica was
in. As she watched, the driver of the car slid a large bench over in front
of the mirror and positioned it perpendicular to the wall, butted up against
the surface of the wall about a foot below the tube ending. He motioned for
Jessica to get on the bench.

     "Lay down with your head up here under the hose. I havta hook this shit
all up."  Jessica shook her head in wonderment and complied. She lay down on
the bench, letting her legs fall to either side. Her head was supported by
a firm pillow.  The driver then attached a device with four long straps to
the end of the tube. He motioned for Jessica to lift her head up, and she was
astonished to watch him lower the end of the tube into her mouth, and attach
the straps around her head. The tube was directly attached to her mouth and
she could not loosen or remove it. Her arms were similarly fastened to the
bench along her sides. She peered up at the man quizzically.

     He grunted. "Haven't got the faintest, do ya babe? Well, lemme tell ya.
This here's a sperm bank. Yep, an honest to goodness sperm bank. Guys come
here thinking they are donating sperm for research, or to freeze and use
later. They jerk off into the funnel in the other room, and the jizz slides
down the tube and into special sterile containers. That is, usually it does.
Tonight, it's sliding down into your belly! Hah Hah Hah!" 

     Jess's eyes widened in fear. 'When will it ever end!' she thought
silently. Her stomach roiled.

     "Yeah, Eva and Pam are out there to help them get their rocks off, and
each one of them will be shooting their jizz down that tube right into your
pretty mouth. We're gonna be here until they close at 11 o'clock." The man
fumbled around with the straps for a few seconds, then abruptly left the
room, turning the lights out behind him as he left. Suddenly, Jess heard
voices coming from the room behind her. 

     In the other room, Eva had entered with a young man of about 19 or 20.
"Ok, honey, just try to relax. This is a medical establishment above all,
even though what we do is somewhat out of the ordinary. You just need to
ejaculate for us. When you do, point the tip of your penis into the funnel
over there and direct the emission into it. Your semen will be collected in
a sterile container" , (she smiled to herself inwardly) , "and stored for
research or artificial insemination. Now then, what would you like me to do
for you?"

     "I don't know, I guess you could jer- er, masturbate me, or put it in
your mouth?"
     "Oh, no, I'm sorry, honey, but we're not allowed to perform oral sex.
Too much risk of an accident, you know what I mean?"  she smiled at him. "But
I will be happy to masturbate you, if you'd like. And you can feel my breasts
while I do it."

     "Uh, OK, that sounds good."  Jessica could hear the rustle as the man
disrobed, and they moved over closer to the wall. Not being able to see what
was going on in the next room was almost as maddening as knowing what would
be happening in a few short moments. 

     Eva knelt down next to the young man and wrapped her fingers around the
slowly stiffening penis. "Oh, this is a nice penis you have here. I bet you
have lots of girlfriends, don't you?"

     The man stammered. "N-not really. I did h-have one girl, but we b-broke
up about three weeks ago. I hav-haven't had an orgasm since then..."

     "Oh, golly, you mean you haven't ejaculated for three weeks! My
goodness, you're going to have an awful lot of semen to collect." Eva spoke
loudly enough, to make sure Jessica heard the comments. "I bet you have a lot
of sperm, you young men are so sexy all the time..." she said coquettishly.
She continued to masturbate the man, enjoying the feel of his hard prick in
her hands. She rubbed and kneaded his testicles with the other hand, all the
time whispering sexy things to the man.

     "Oh, come on, baby, shoot your stuff for me, let it go. I know you've
got to do it, just let it come right out. Yes, that's a boy, shoot that stuff
in the funnel.."  After just a few minutes, the man's lack of sexual release
for over 20 days became apparent.

     "Oh man, I'm gonna cum in a second...get ready..."  Eva pulled him over
to the funnel and continued to furiously masturbate him. "Yeah, yeah, here
it comes, oh god I'm cumming......." he grunted, and shook from head to toe.
Then his penis opened up and a torrent of pent-up sperm flew from the head
of his cock. It streamed and dripped into the funnel and slid slowly down the
tube into the other room. ALmost immediately, Jessica began to feel the drips
and strings of semen plop into her widely stretched mouth. It was hot and
milky, and had a strong starchy feel. Several long strings of the ejaculate
slid quickly down the tube and into her mouth. Jessica swallowed glumly to
force the liquid down into her throat. For several minutes, droplets of cum
continued to slide down the tube and into her mouth.

     This went on for the next four men who entered the clinic. Each one was
masturbated by Eva or Pam, or performed the act themselves, each time
directing the resultant emission into the funnel and down the tube into what
they thought was a sperm repository, but was in actuality Jessica's mouth.
Then there was a brief respite in the action, and Jessica heard the door to
the small room open. It was Pam.

     "Ok, babe, this isn't going fast enough. Here's the plan. There are 12
guys outside in the waiting room. Eva's explaining that the apparatus for
holding their jizz is broken, but we don't want to send anyone away
unrelieved, so we have a little treat for them. You're going to get naked,
go into the other room, and you and I are gonna put on a show for them.
They're all gonna cum in a glass, and you're gonna drink it down like a good
little slut. So let's go...". While she talked, the young girl unstrapped
Jessica from the bench and unhooked the tube end from her mouth, taking care
to shake the last few dribbles of cum from it onto Jessica's face. She took
Jessica in her hands and pulled her through the door into the other room.

     The group of men was soon assembled in the room. Eva directed them to
disrobe and begin masturbating. "Just remember, when you cum, to cum in this
beaker here. Our little slut Jessica is gonna drink a nice warm cum cocktail
when you're all finished." The guys cheered and whistled with crude
enjoyment.

     While she talked, Pam pulled Jessica's clothes off and began licking and
caressing her breasts, collecting the odd stray droplet of cooling semen.
Then she pulled Jessica down and directed her to lay across her legs, face
down. Pam began by lightly smacking each of Jessica's ass cheeks, one after
the other, for a few moments, making the young wife wiggle in pain/pleasure. 

     "Jessica here is being turned into a cum slut. What that means is that
by the time we're finished with her, she will get the maximum sexual
enjoyment by eating cum. She won't get any thrills by fucking, only by
sucking cock and swallowing jizz.." Eva began explaining to the group of
panting men. "We have her on a regimen of about 30 or more loads a day right
now, and we'll work our way up from there. By the time we're finished, it
wouldn't be unrealistic to expect her to drink a half-gallon of sperm a day,
right Jess?"  She could only grunt in reply. Pam had sucked one finger into
her mouth and then roughly wormed it up into Jessica's unlubricated rectum.
The sudden intrusion hurt, as it had not been that long since Jessica had
been anally raped by the men at the chateau her first night. She was still
quite sore there.

     "Pam's going to ream her ass out for a while, just to make sure that it
stays flexible, 'cause who knows, there might be some men who'd rather fuck
her ass than her mouth once in a while, you know? So we like to keep all her
options open, if you know what I mean!" Eva continued. She was walking around
the men, stroking a dick here, doing what she could to keep the men moving
towards the inevitable feverish release they desired. "After she's warmed
Jessica up, we have a couple of toys that we're going to use to really open
up that asshole, right Pam?"

     As she spoke, Pam reached into a small gym bag they had brought along,
and extracted a pink dildo about 1 1/2 inches in diameter and 6 inches long.
"This is for starters. First, don't you think you'd better get it wet,
cocksucker?" asked Pam evilly, turning Jessica over and placing the tip of
the dildo at Jessica's lips. She forced the woman to open her mouth and suck
the dildo in. "You'd better get it good and wet, 'cause its' headed up your
asshole in about one minute. The men watched as the big-bosomed blond was
forced to envelop the false genital with her mouth and lips. Jessica tried
to get the ugly implement as wet as possible with her semen-tainted saliva.
After she had mouthed it for a few seconds, Pam pulled it out and with the
help of one of the men, pulled Jessica's ass cheeks apart. She pushed the tip
of the dildo into the puckered brown hole and slowly rotated the shaft,
continually pushing the plastic implement further and further up into
Jessica's rectal channel, until all but the last inch was imbedded in her.
Jessica groaned at the intrusion, trying vainly to relax her sphincter and
allow the dildo to seat itself in her. The pain washed over her in waves, but
slowly ebbed as her body adjusted to the plastic phallus. Just as her rectum
began to accept the device, Pam evilly began sawing it in and out of her ass,
twisting and turning the faux cock. Jessica lay spreadeagled over her lap,
her slim legs pulled apart, her body sweating with heat.

     The men watched with rapt attention as the teenage rapidly shoved the
dildo in and out of Jessica's ass.  One man grunted and heaved his body off
the bed, quickly moving to the glass beaker Eva held in her hand and
ejaculating a dozen large streams of semen into it.

     "Yes, that's right, baby, shoot that stuff in there, give it all to us,
Jessica's gonna love to drink your cum, that's it..." encouraged Eva as the
man grunted and closed his eyes in ecstasy. His orgasm passed, and he turned
to join the line of other men. Eva looked down into the beaker and swirled
it around in the light, examining it.

     "Looks like pretty good stuff there, old boy, a nice load. Hope the rest
of you can do as well."  

     Meanwhile, Pam had pulled the dildo from Jessica's ass one last time,
then turned her over on her back. She extracted a huge speculum from the bag
and placed the two ends at the entrance to Jessica's pussy, then began
spreading the lips wide with the medical device. 

     "Although we are de-sensitizing the cunt, perhaps you each might like
to see up inside of it while it's still available. This here is a device used
by veterenarians to open up a cow's pussy when they inseminate it, so it
should make a real impression on Jessica!" Pam laughed. Jessica groaned anew
with the strange feeling. Her labia were being stretched enormously, far
farther than they ever had during a normal ob/gyn exam. "Hey, two of you guys
grab her ankles and pull her legs apart, lets' see how much this bitch can
really open up."

     Two of the men did than, grasping an ankle apiece and pulling Jessica's
legs apart as far as they could possibly go. As her legs widened, Pam opened
the lips of her pussy even farther, sliding the ends of the speculum into her
vagina, forcing the walls apart. The woman's tender flesh opened unwillingly,
gaping wider and wider. Finally, the tensioner on the speculum reached the
end of it's travel.

     "Ok, there we go. That's just about as wide as this cow is gonna open
up!" giggled Pam. She pointed down at Jessica's crotch. Her two labial lips
were six inches apart, pried open obscenely by the instrument. Two silver
tongs disappeared into her vaginal canal, also spreading it open until the
pink wetness was displayed. The men crowded around, looking up into Jessica's
womb.

     "Oh, man lookit that bitch's pussy. Isn't that sweet?" "Yeah, check it
out, the cunt is wide open. You could drive a truck into that thing!" The
lewd and gross comments continued. Pam held up her fist. 

     "Now watch this." She curled her fist up into a ball, and slowly
corkscrewed it up into Jessica's vagina. Jessica groaned with pain, tears
coursing from her eyes as she felt her canal intruded upon. Inch after inch
of the teenager's slim arm went up, disappearing between Jessica's widely
splayed lips.

     "I can feel her cunt walls here, they're getting kinda slimy up here"
said Pam as she continued her exploration. "I'm gonna open up my hand and see
what that feels like." As she unclenched her hand, Jessica's eyes widend at
the feeling emanating from deep within her. It felt like thousands of ants
had been turned loose in her womb.

     "Oh Christ that hurts,please take it out, please, I'll do anything,
please stop..." she moaned.  

     "Oh shit, you pussy, you can't take anything, can you?" grinned Pam
evilly. Then she turned to the men standing over her shoulder. "I can feel
the end of her pussy here, and I'm scratching her cervix with my
fingernails." Just then two more men moved over to cum in the beaker of
glass. Eva beamed down at it proudly. Pam began pumping her arm in and out
of Jessica's widely stretched pussy, pushing it in almost to the elbow and
then pulling it out to the wrist once again. Jessica continued to moan in
pain. Eva bent down and began pulling and twisting at Jessica's nipples,
grasping them tightly between a thumb and forefinger and pulling them out
until they stretched up like pyramids above Jessica's body. The two sadists
continued to torment poor Jessica until all the men had ejaculated into the
beaker of semen. When they finished, Eva walked over and picked it up,
glancing down at Jessica with a smirk on her face. She held the beaker up to
the light, gazing as the milky fluid collected in it.

     "Hmmm.... Says here there's about...97 cc's... of cum in this jar." She
bent down to Jessica.  "Here, honey, drink this, it'll make you feel better."
She tilted the beaker to Jessica's lips. Almost without thinking, Jessica
opened her mouth, and drank the fluid down. The mixed ejaculations of over
twenty virile males pooled warmly in her stomach. Just as she finished the
last of the cum cocktail, Pam pulled her hand and wrist from her pussy with
a loud "PLOP". Jessica shuddered, and passed out.

                             End of Chapter VII
--
Archive-name: Bondage/jessica8.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Jessica's Conversion - 8


                                 Chapter 8

     Jessica's experiences followed a pattern for the next several days. Each
morning she was shaken awake by one of the staff members and given a fairly
hearty breakfast with every kind of fruit, pastry, meat, and other items she
could desire. The one odd part of her breakfast menu was, of course, the
tumbler of semen that was poured over all parts of her meal by the attendant.
She was slowly getting used to the flavor of it on such things as waffles,
pancakes, and toast. When she encountered a particularly tart or unpleasant
variety, she was able to drink orange juice or fresh water to help dilute the
taste it left in her mouth.

     After breakfast, she was taken to a conditioning room where once again
she would be hooked to the electrical stimulus machine and made to perform
sexually with dozens of men. Vaginal intercourse always climaxed with
ejaculations in her mouth or face. Her own orgasms were programmed to occur
with the feeling of semen on her skin, and she shuddered though dozens of
them each and every day. Gradually, she actually began to find the normal
vaginal thrusting unpleasant, because whenever a man's penis was actually in
her, the sensations being programmed electrically were quite annoying.
Interestingly enough, when being taken anally, no negative stimulation was
applied, and Jessica found herself becoming more and more immune, if not used
to, the feeling of a hard cock in her rectum. She swallowed spurt after
uncounted spurt of semen each day. 

     Her lunch was little more than a sandwich or bowl of soup and a large
glass of semen. Her dinner, although satisfying, was as well accompanied by
the liquid from male testes. Her captors saw to it that, in addition to the
ejaculations directed to her orally after regular sexual encounters, she
drank at least three large glasses of sperm every day. Jessica began to
notice that she could detect very minute differences in the texture,
consistency, and taste of the various semens deposited on her tongue by the
men she had sex with. Still, though, her stomach roiled each time she had to
swallow the oily substance. 

     Then one day after a breakfast of bacon and eggs with sperm, her guard
led her out of the room without letting her dress. "Guess what we got planned
for you today, honey", he snarled at her. "Something we call target practice.
I think you'll like it! Hah Hah" he sneered, chuckling under his breath. He
walked her down the halls of the chateau and they entered a large room
Jessica had never seen before. 

     The room was about 30 feet square, with a floor that sloped gently
towards the middle. Benches were set up in several rows around the middle of
the room. In the very center of the room was a slight depression sunken about
two feet lower than the rest of the floor. Jessica peered curiously at the
strange contraption in the sunken area. It appeared to be a truncated cone
about two feet wide at the widest part, of some sort of transparent material,
with several concentric cirles of red painted on it. There was an opening
about six inches around in the narrow end of the cone. The cone was tilted
at an angle of about 45 degrees from vertical, held secure in a wooden stand.
Behind and below the small opening in the cone, on the floor of the
depression, was a carpeted stool. There were about two or three dozen men
standing around in the room, talking in small groups, or sitting on the
benches. They each had towels wrapped around their otherwise nude bodies.
Jessica recognized several of the men as participants in her earlier training
sessions. One of the men came up to her.

     "Welcome to our target practice session. We call it that because, as you
can see, the cone is painted like a target. The bulls-eye is in the center
of the cone. Your head and face, primarily, will protrude through the hole
to make a human bulls-eye for us to aim at. Now, if you will be so kind...". 

     He led her down to the stool behind the cone and pushed her into a
sitting position there. Because of the way the stool was set, she had to
spread her legs widely in order to fit. A deep blush reddened her skin as she
realized that the men would be looking directly at her wide open sexual
organs. The man attached small clips to her nipples and the lips of her
vagina. "These wires are here just to make sure that you follow orders.
Here's what happens if you resist." He nodded to a man out in the crowd, who
pressed a small button on a table. Immediately, a strong shock coursed
through Jessica's body, causing her to cry out in pain. The feeling of a
thousand small needles attacked her sensitive breasts and caused agony in her
labia. "As you can see, we don't want to have to do that. Now, stick your
head through the hole."

     Jessica leaned forward and pushed her face through the hole. She was
reminded of the kind of displays you might find at a country fair or beach
boardwalk where you looked through a hole in a backdrop, on which was painted
a caricature or character. The body could be a muscular man or a curvaceous
woman, and the only human part visible was the participant's face. Only this
was that same idea, taken to obscene extremes. The diameter of the hole was
just enough to let the front part of her face protrude. The rim circled her
skull just in front of her ears, and circled around the top of her head and
the bottom of her chin and neck. She put her hands on her widely splayed
knees, and blinked at the men standing before her. The other man went around
to the front of the cone, producing a small paint brush. He dipped the brush
in a jar of red paint.

     "Now, for the real target. Hold your head still." He proceeded to draw
three circles on Jessica's trembling face. The first went around her chin,
up her cheeks and across the middle of her forehead. The second moved in just
about an inch or two, over the bridge of her nose and between her chin and
lower lip. The third neatly surrounded her entire mouth and lips. "As you can
see, you now are the perfect target. We are working on a point system here.
Inside the middle circle, your mouth, is ten points. In the second one out,
five points. In the third one, one point." Jessica felt foolish and
ridiculous sitting there completely naked, with a target painted on her face.
She closed her eyes in resignation and then groaned out loud when she
realized what the men would most probably be using for "ammunition". 

     "Ah, yes, you have probably guessed, we will be 'cumming for accuracy'
here. The object is to aim our spurts at you, the pretty female target." said
the man, with an arch of his eyebrows. "You will be allowed to swallow
between each contestant. However, we've added a slight twist to the contest.
As you can feel, the cone makes a snug fit around your head. Thus, any sperm
that doesn't end up in your mouth will gradually drool to the side and
collect at the bottom, slowly filling the area. After enough misses, the
level of the sperm will rise to cover your face, and gradually drip in your
eyes, nose, and mouth. Thus, it's in your best interests to get as much cum
in your mouth as possible. You'd better hope most of the guys here are good
shots! You will keep your mouth open until each man's orgasm has ended." he
finished. 

     A man stood up and walked forwards to face Jessica in the cone. Despite
herself, she blushed in shame. She felt like an animal on display. Her legs
were spread widely. "Play with your tits" the man said to her. Jessica was
a bit slow in responding, and she felt a strong electrical shock pass through
her. It was enough to make her swallow her shame and begin rubbing her
breasts. The man dropped his towel and began masturbating, his cock a large
and turgid weapon. "I'm gonna cum right in your mouth, you slutty whore" he
cursed at her, grinning. "I'm gonna jit your face so much you'll think
someone melted a candle on it." Jess held her mouth open, her target
awaiting. The man continued mouthing insults and obscenities at her as the
men behind him laughed and taunted. His cock head began to drip pre-cum down 
into the cone around Jessica's head. Finally, after some minutes, he grunted
and pushed forwards a bit. A long stream of cum shot from his cock, and
landed right across the bridge of Jessica's nose, splattering wetly to either
side. "5 points!" a man crouching next to the cone yelled. Another spurt of
semen flew, this time impacting square in the middle of Jessica's tongue,
splashing across her lower teeth. A bit of it drooled down across her lower
lip. "10!" the spotter said, "A direct hit!"  Jess heard cheers in the
background. A third rope of wet dick juice exploded from the man, this time
flying wide and draping across her forehead, down over one eye, and ending
in the middle of her cheek. "1 point!"  The remaining semen dribbled out,
dropping in wet spots across Jessica's features or landing on the cone around
her head. She felt one large droplet drool down and come to rest at the
bottom of her chin.

     "Ok, Jack got 16 points overall, including one right in the mouth!"
shouted the spotter. Jessica closed her eyes and swallowed the wad of cum in
her mouth, then looked up at them. She sat stiffly on the stool, naked, with
sperm on her face. "What do you say, Jessica?" asked the first man who had
led her the cone.

     She cast her eyes down. "Thank you, sir."  As she spoke, the clips on
her sex were excited just enought to cause a mild orgasm to shudder through
her. She moaned in pleasure. The men guffawed at the sight of the naked woman
imprisoned in the device, having an orgasm as they came on her face. The next
man stepped up. He had been jerking off since the Jack, the first man, had
started, and almost immediately began his ejaculation. The first long stream
of cum shot out of his cock, flying in a rope to land in sticky wetness just
to the left of Jessica's nose. "5 Points!" cried the spotter. Another salvo
of testosterone exited the penis, this time glancing off to splat on her
forehead and dribble down over one eye. "1 Point!"  A third small jet missed
her head entirely, splattering on the cone next to her and sliding downward
to lodge against her cheek. His remaining emissions dripped and dropped
around the young wife's features. 

     "Ha! Bob gets only 6 points" cried the spotter, and the men responded
with good natured ribbing and gesturing at the man as he shook his head and
walked away. Jessica now had several lines of cum decorating her features,
slowly dribbling down her face in various directions. Her mouth, though, had
remained clear from this second shooter.  A third man stepped up and began
jerking his cock off in her direction. His ejaculation, when it came, was one
of the most voluminous Jessica had encountered during her stay so far. Three
huge spurts flew from his cock in rapid succession, landing wetly around her
mouth and lips. The third actually impacted in her open mouth, laying a trail
off her tongue and down over her lower lip. "WOW! Two 5 pointers and one 10
point right in the kisser!" shouted the spotter. A fourth large jet struck
Jessica right on the tip of her pert nose, exploding like a meteor across
several directions on her face. "5 more!"  A fifth bullet entered directly
into her mouth, sliding back to splatter around her back teeth. "10! Again!"
crowed the man counting points. Jessica gulped and gasped, the cum streaming
her face dripping across her lips and being sucked up into her nose by her
heaving lungs. Another jet of sperm shot from the penis, flew across the
short distance to her features, and smacked with a wet PLOP! just at the top
of her left cheekbone, splashing off into her hair. The last few droplets
from the man dripped into her face and slowly dribbled down her skin.

     "40 points for Jimmy boy!" shouted the man counting points, eliciting
a cheer and applause from the crowd for the man who had just finished
ejaculating on Jessica's face. Again she felt the pleasant electrical
impulses begin to spread from her pussy, and again she groaned and closed her
eyes in ecstasy as a powerful orgasm flew through her.

     Again and again, men stood before her captive form and blew streams of
sticky, ropy sperm against her face. The excess that didn't land in her mouth
and get swallowed slid slowly down across her cheeks and collected in the
bottom of the cone, the surface level inexorably rising upwards toward her
lips and nose. The men excitedly kept score of their points. So far, the
points leader had 60 - he had managed to hold his cock perfectly still and
spurted six jets of cum directly into her mouth in quick succession, causing
Jessica to gulp and swallow or she'd have been overwhelmed by the sheer
volume of semen. Jessica's pussy was constantly excited by both the
electrical stimulus she was receiving, and the almost continuous orgasms she
herself had. She found herself furiously masturbating her clit and pushing
her fingers into her vagina, sweating, grunting, as the men stepped up and
used her married face as a target for their ejaculations, her face that had
kissed her husband so many times, her face that looked out from the pages of
her high school yearbook, her face that occupied an ornate picture frame on
her husband's desk at work.

     The surface of her face was becoming unrecognizable under the blanket
of white sperm being applied to it. Her eyes blinked rapidly as the cum
splashed wetly against her eyelids. It stung and burned when it drooled into
her eyes. Rivulets of semen trailed down and across her cheeks, dripping
wetly down onto the plastic cone fixed firmly to her face. Her hair was
dotted with clumps of slimy ejaculate. Her lips and teeth were filmed with
the salty, hot mixture of sweat and semen. She groaned with the induced
orgasmic feelings. Her fingers clutched and pulled at the lips of her pussy,
her legs splayed widely. Finally, the last man was finished with her. A total
of 27 men had masturbated into her face. 

     Two men came and unhooked the cone from around her head, letting the
sperm that had accumulated there splash down over her shoulders, neck and
chest. It ran in wide white sheets over her breasts, dripping wetly off her
nipples. Jessica got groggily to her feet, still unsteady. She put her hands
to her face.

     "So much cum...so much cum..." she moaned, as she massaged the wet
liquid into her skin. "I'm covered in their cum..." She didn't even notice
the video cameras recording her every move.  

     "And the winner is..." she heard a voice begin to say. "with 75 points,
good old "Bucket Balls" Tom !"  Cheers rang out. Jessica turned, zombie-
like, to the man who had 'won' the competition. He had been the tenth or
eleventh man to jerk off in her face. Her eyes glazed over at the memory. All
she could remember was the angry red cock head just inches from her face, and
the slit in the head suddenly opening up and seeing the splash of white sperm
jet out to land on her upper lip. Suddenly it seemed the air around her face
was a blizzard of cum, as the man shot stream after stream of semen into her
gasping, groaning face. Each jet was as strong as the first, huge cupfulls
of sperm that splashed into her open mouth and rocketed around on the skin
of her face. It splashed up her nose and into her eyes, and dripped into her
ears. It looped around the bridge of her nose, and down over both cheekbones.
Her tongue was buried in the white layer of semen, tart and salty tasting.
She swallowed the repeated emission of the cock at her face, gasping for air
as it finished.

     She walked slowly over the the grinning winner, sweat and sperm drying
slowly on her body. She looked up at him. He looked at her. He saw the young
bride before him, her face criss-crossed with lines of cum, her hair matted
with it, her breasts dripping slow drops of ejaculate on the floor.

     "Thank you , sir." she breathed, glassy eyed, unable to control herself.
Her inner mind rebelled at the thought.

     "You're welcome." he responded. "Consider yourself lucky that I had sex
three times last night!" he guffawed.

 - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -

     Jessica was led back to her room, where she was allowed to bathe and
rest. That evening, as she was pacing back and forth in her room, she heard
a knock at her door. Puzzled, she opened it for her visitor.

     It was Lei, the astounding tropical girl she had met on her second night
at the chateau, the girl who had, in one 24-hour period, supposedly allowed
over 600 men to ejaculate on her face or in her mouth at the nearby Army
base. 

     "Hello, Jessica. How are you today?" her visitor asked pleasantly.

     "I..I'm ok, I guess. " she replied, hesitating. "Is anything wrong?"

     "Oh, no, nothing at all. I just thought I'd stop by and see how you are
doing."

     Jessica bade her sit down on the bed next to her, and leaned forward
conspiratorially.

     "Why are you here?" she whispered.

     "I told you, I wanted to see--  "

     "No, not here in my room. Here in this horrid, awful place. Why don't
you leave? How can you stand the things they do to you here? It's terrible!"

     "Oh, it's not so bad. Believe me, I felt the same way you do when I
first got here. But, I don't know, somehow I've changed. I really like what
I do now." the younger girl replied.

     "I can't believe that you can sit here and tell me that you actually
like it when a man jer.. uhm, masturbates in your face! How could you? It's
so..so..disgusting. It makes me want to throw up every time it happens!"
Jessica countered.

     "I know how you feel, and it's not uncommon, believe me. I was brought
up in a very strict family, where sex alone was never even discussed. I
didn't know a thing about it until I was almost 17 years old. Then, when I
was sent to this country to go to school, and met my first boyfriend, I was
lucky that he taught me what it can mean to be a woman. Since then, I've had
dozens of lovers, and with each one I think I've become more of a sexual
being than ever before. It was my last lover who suggested I come here. The
one thing I was never able to do was to swallow my lover's penis completely,
you know, deep-throating? But after a few weeks here, I can do it now
easily." 

     "How long have you been here?" Jessica asked.

     "Next week it'll be just about six months. I'm almost ready to leave,
actually. I could have left anytime within the last three months. But, I
don't know, I kind of like it here. I finally realize what kind of a sexual
being I am."

     Jessica just looked at her and shook her head slowly. 

     "Let me tell you about what I did last night." Lei continued. "One of
our contacts here knows some of the people associated with some motorcycle
clubs, you know, the Hells Angels types? Well, there's a big convention or
meeting of some kind in a town about 40 miles south of here. I went there
last night. I offered myself as the entertainment for the guys there."

     "How many were there?" asked Jessica, trembling.

     Lei scratched her tummy idly, and twisted her lips. "Oh, about 400 or
so. But I might be off a bit. Anyway, we got together with the leader of the
whole thing and I said ....."
                                  . . . 

     "You what?!" growled the scruffy, bearded leader of the convention of
motorcycle gangs, looking down at her.

     "I said, I'll let you all fuck me and cum in my mouth, if you'd like."
the brown-skinned girl before him repeated, with a twinkle in her eye.

     "What kind of a crazy assed bitch are you anyway? This a joke or
somethin'? What gives?"

     "Nothing gives. No joke. I said you could all fuck me and cum in my
mouth, or on my face, or anywhere, for that matter. I like it all. I'll let
you do it any way you like. How about it?" Lei repeated.

     "Well, shit, we ain't crazy enough to refuse an offer like that, you
dumb pussy. Get your fuckin' ass over on that table there and take those
fuckin' clothes off." he grumbled at her, motioning to a large, waist high
table that had some motorcycle accessories arrayed for sale on it. Meanwhile,
he ascended to the podium where a microphone amplified his next words
throughout the large hall.

     "Ok, guys, lissen up. Lock them doors back there, and don't let nobody
in who ain't wearin' colors, awright? We got us a bitch here who wants to
pull the train of all trains, right baby?"  He heard her voice echo in
agreement as Lei walked towards the table, slowly slipping her long skirt
down over her hips. "This bitch is gonna fuck and suck ALLLLLLLL of us, and
we can jit anywhere we want on her fuckin' ass or wherever. But, and this is
a big but, she says she WANTS US TO CUM IN HER FUCKING MOUTH!!!!"  He roared
the last line out, and the room erupted in cheers and hoots and catcalls.
"Are we gonna do that? Are we gonna let this babe tell us where to shoot our
fuckin' jism?"

     "YEAH!!" screamed the crowd, almost in unison. He chuckled at them. "You
bet we fuckin' are. This bitch gonna drink so much fuckin' sperm she's gonna
hafta swim the fuck out of here, right?"

          "YEAH!!!!!" came the response once again. By now, Lei had reached the
table. A hairy arm swept away all the junk on it, and she was lifted up to
stand on it. Someone put on some sleazy music and she started a slow strip
tease, lowering her eyes chastely as she unbuttoned the light blouse she was
wearing. The leader of the gangs, a huge man named Jerry, watched in awe. As
she undid the last button, Lei pulled the sides of the blouse away, allowing
her full round breasts to come into the view of all the men gathered before
her. They cheered and whistled and stomped in appreciation, her cheeks
reddened in mock shame. Lei tossed the blouse into the crown and saw it
ripped and torn into shreds as the men fought over it like dogs over a bone.
She wiggled the skirt down over her hips slowly. The black lace garter belt
she had on came into view, then as the waistband of the skirt slid lower and
lower across her hips, the fact that she wore no panties became evident. Down
and down the skirt went, exposing the straps of the garter belt against her
lush tanned skin, then the tops of her stockings showed. Finally she let the
skirt drop to her feet and kicked it into the crowd as well.

     Lei bent over at the waist and grabbed her ankles, turning slowly to let
the men stare and whistle at the globes of her perfectly formed ass, and her
long slim legs. Wisps of pussy hair peeked out from between her upper thighs
as she straightend up and stretched her arms above her head. Finally, she
called out "Hey, how about a blanket or two up here, this table's cold!" The
men around her laughed, but produced several thick robes and rugs which
quickly covered the table. Lei laid down on the table and spread her knees
wide, prying the lips of her labia apart. One man jumped on the table and
went to drop his pants, but the voice of their leader boomed out across the
hall, stopping him in his tracks.

     "Hey, fuckhead. Wait your fuckin' turn. Club presidents first, then
officers, then you regular scumbags. And I'M FIRST!" he bellowed, jumping
down from the podium and striding across the floor, shedding his denim vest
and shirt while he walked. When he reached the table, he dropped his greasy
Levis and shook them from his feet, then jumped on the table, which swayed
dangerously from his weight. He fisted his cock, which was already rock-
hard, and fell to his knees. Fitting his dickhead to the exposed sexual
organs of the girl before him, Jerry grunted and slid all eight inches of his
cock straight into her pussy. He was amazed at the wetness.  "Goddam girl,
you're slicker than goose shit in there, you really must be hot!"

     "FUCK ME, FUCK ME, FUCK ME, you bastard!" Lei responded
enthusiastically, grabbing his ass and pulling him into her. She wrapped her
legs around him and bucked back, meeting his every thrust. Jerry supported
his body over hers on his arms, plowing his hips forward, fucking her
savagely, bottoming his slick wet cock in her cunt every time. Again and
again he pounded into her. Lei grunted with the exertion. For three or four
minutes, their grunts and moans could be heard even above the noise of the
gathering and watching crowd. Lei rotated her hips around, squeezing his cock
and milking it with her trained vaginal muscles. Finally, Jerry grunted and
gasped. "I'm gonna cum now, bitch, hold onto your fuckin' hat!" And with
that, he pulled his soaked and shiny prick from the woman's vagina and
crawled up to straddle her chest. He pointed his cock at the girl's face and
let go.

     A river of white semen flew from the end of his jerking cock and
splattered forcefully into Lei's forehead. Small streamers of sperm spread
in all directions, draping white lines in her hair, down over one eye, and
across the broad shiny skin of her forehead. The crowd oooohed and ahhhhed
in response. A second jet escaped, propelled by Jerry's strong groin muscles.
This missle flew with unerring accuracy to land with a splash right across
Lei's upper lip, draping down in streamers into her now open mouth. A third
spasm brought forth the largest cum bomb yet, a huge white gout that split
into three pieces like a MIRV and cratered the features of the lovely young
girl at Jerry's crotch. One semen warhead impacted on the north slope of her
right cheek, leaving a white splotch fully an inch square. Another scuz
missile flew slightly off course, stinging wetly into Lei's wide open left
eye, leaving her cringing at the wet saltiness. The third bomblet dropped to
shatter explosively at the junction of her tongue and lower lip, spreading
even more sperm-flavored wetness into her mouth. Jerry grunted again, and his
penis pulsed, muscles moving yet more liquid through the urethra from his
testicles, and out the glans penis. The air around his penis was split by
another white stripe which landed across Lei's face like a chalk mark,
running in a thin line from the lower corner of her right jaw, over the edge
of her mouth, across her nose, across the top of her left cheekbone and into
her left eye, adding to the stinging mess already there.  But Jerry appeared
to be rapidly running out of ammunition. His penis explosions had lessened
to small drops and drips, rather than semen-string. He let each one drop to
the upturned face of the lovely island girl below him. When he finished, he
looked down at her.

     "Damn! Cum all OVER your fuckin' face!"

     "Yes, yes, yes, cum on me, cum on my face, cum in my mouth, please, cum
for me...." mumbled the girl, roughly swallowing the sperm that was in her
mouth.

     "Hey, you,take a picture of this fuckin' shit." Jerry motioned to a man
standing over to one side. The guy picked up a camera and moving in close to
the semen-festooned face of Lei, snapped several close up pictures. Lei
grinned into the camera. "Hey, take a shot after each guy comes in her face,
that'll be fuckin' great!" someone suggested, and they all yelled in
agreement. 

     "You're gonna need more film..." Lei casually responded.

------------------------------------------------------------------

     An hour later, over 40 men had released their sexual tensions by
ejaculating onto the face of, into the mouth of, and around the upper body,
of Lei. Every ten or fiteen minutes, Lei would scoop the accumulated sperm
from around her face, neck and breasts and lick it from her fingers like the
poi she had grown up eating. Her face shone with sweaty wetness. At one
point, three penises at once had erupted towards her awaiting open mouth,
burying her face and lips with streams of cum. Huge gobs of it flew into her
mouth, sliding across her tongue and streaming to the back of her throat. She
swallowed huskily, feeling the slimy, sticky, salty taste of the men flow
down into her warming belly. Still they continued to fuck her. Her vagina was
invaded and stretched by cocks of all sizes, shapes and colors. The area
below her crotch was wet with the secretions of her own and the other's
genitals. Her body from crotch to forehead was streaked with ejaculations.

     Lei was in ecstasy. Orgasms coursed through her body at a regular
interval. Barely would she stop shuddering through one marvelous wave when
another would crest over her. Pleasure swam through her veins. A close-up
look at her face would reveal why. Her light brown, flawless skin from neck
to forehead was almost entirely covered with sheets of sperm. Huge drops of
semen clung in ropy masses to her cheeks. Bubbles of it blew through her nose
everytime she exhaled. Pools of wet whiteness gathered in the sockets of her
eyes, which she blinked though somehow. Lines of recently ejaculated liquid
formed across her lips and chin. Her lips, indeed, were glossed over almost
completely white. Everytime she swallowed, she swallowed the tastes and
liquids of another three or four men. Still the onslaught continued. It
seemed that barely had one man moved up across her slim waist and jerked his
cock into exploding onto her face than another man was falling to his knees
between her thighs. Her vagina was thoroughly soaked by now, and was becoming
almost too loose for some men to attain the friction necesary for
ejaculation. When that proved the case, they simply removed their members
from her vaginal opening and pulled her hips up, exposing the crinkled brown
rosette of her anus. Into this nether region slid many erect cocks, plunging
their hardness into her rectum over and over. On occasion, a man would lose
control and ejaculate into her rectum or vagina, but the vast majority timed
their withdrawal and excitement to deposit their fluids where Lei seemed to
want it the most - fully in her mouth and face. She swallowed gulp after gulp
of the motorcyclist's semen.

     Hours passed. Men came in her mouth and rested a few minutes, then
mounted her and ejaculated again. The slick grossness of her face seemed to
turn them on more and more. Her shiny brown hair was streaked with lines of
cum. It pooled and dripped from her heaving breasts. Over and over the lovely
island girl swallowed cum. Her tongue turned white from it. A typical scene
might have found one man rutting his tumescent member into her vagina,
another man sitting astride her chest, jerking his orgasming penis into her
face or mouth, and Lei reaching up with both hands to masturbate two penises
at her side. Men moved from position to position around her. The air above
her body was wet with the white rain of cum. Lei would often stop to lick the
slimy skin of her arms and wrists, festooned as it was with sperm. She could
also bend her head down and lick the creamy mounds of her breasts dry.
Picture if you can, this scene. A lovely, brown-skinned girl, naked and
sweating, pushing one large breast upwards to meet her mouth, pink tongue
coming out to swipe up the deposits of sperm caked on the nipple. As she did
once, a large black man held the tip of his cock right at the nipple of her
breast and shot a rope of sperm out that ricocheted of the nub and splattered
up into her mouth. Another jet bounced across the bridge of her nose. A third
flew up and over her right eye and into her forehead. Still the onslaught
continued.

     Finally, after over 10 hours of this sexual dynamism, the last men had
unloaded their testicles completely. Lei groaned in relief. She looked down
at herself and shivered. Her entire body seemed covered in sticky, dried cum.
Flakes of earlier deposits chipped off and sparkled in the light. The cum
matted her pubic hair. It lay in small pools in the crevices and valleys of
her chest. It covered both breasts like a white sheet. It ran in rivers down
her slim legs. Even her feet were covered in it, her toes squishing in it.
From her neck up, her face looked as though someone had dipped it in hot wax.
The cum pooled at the base of her neck. Streams and lines of it covered her
face. Her eyes were blinking through the drops. It drooled and dribbled into
her ears. Cum matted her hair, slick and white. Her lips, swollen and red,
shone through the white coating. Lei swallowed once or twice to wash the last
of the semen down into her stomach, and slowly sat up, feeling the wet
coating of her body slide down.

     "God, I'm hungry. Anybody got anything solid to eat? I'm starved!" she
laughed, rolling off the table and reaching for the towel somebody held out
to her. 


                             End of Chapter 8
--
