<Rainwalker@gnn.com>


                7 - Rock Around The Clock


Have you ever been so confused you couldn't think straight? I certainly
was. Fooling around with underage girls was a lot more exciting, and more
perplexing than I'd ever imagined. After Mindy's bombshell went off I
didn't know if I was coming or going. Thank God the next day was Saturday
and I didn't have to go in to the office. I'd already planned to work on
the yard and this gave me an opportunity to be outside, alone, and think
about what had happened. That night, I fell asleep with my arms around Sue,
but my thoughts were of Vanessa.

Can you imagine? My assumptions about that luscious little number were
correct. She had actually offered herself to me! I could have fucked her!
It was driving me up a wall to know I had passed up the opportunity. Was it
too late, now? Could I still get my hands on her? If so, how could I
arrange it? Where could I do it to her?

Of course there was also the matter of Vanessa's father. I hadn't made up
my mind what to do about that situation, yet. This guy, whom I'd never met,
had not only humped his daughter, he wanted to do it to mine. What really
floored me was that he supposedly fooled around with other men's little
girls, as well. At least, that was the case if I could believe Mindy and
her friend. So far, all I knew had come from these children, and actually,
only from Mindy. I had no direct evidence that any of this was true. It
would be nice if I had something to back up Mindy's story. Whether it was
true or not, I wondered what this Baldwin guy would say if he knew his
daughter had tried to seduce me.

As that Saturday wore on, I busied myself in the yard, raking leaves,
spreading mulch and fertilizer and turning these ideas over in my head.
Down in the pit of my stomach there was a knot of fear. This was dangerous
territory. By Mindy's admission, at least one other person knew about us,
and there could be more. It sounded to me like Vanessa was on very intimate
terms with her father. I had a feeling that she didn't keep many secrets
from him. If Vanessa knew about Mindy and me, so did Vanessa's father.

It wasn't just me, either. Other people were also flirting with jail time.
Just think about it! There was some kind of underage pussy exchange
operating and the Baldwins were part of it. How many men had done it with
Vanessa? Somehow I couldn't picture it. She was very nice but she was also
very young. What were the other girls like? Were they all as young as Mindy
and Vanessa or were older girls in on it, too? How did you set up something
like this? Did you just walk up to some guy and say `Hi, I like your
daughter. Would you like to trade?'

How else could you put it? Then I wondered where they did it. I pictured
Vanessa and her father driving to a motel to meet another couple. They
probably had adjoining rooms. You know, the kind with the door inside so
you can pass back and forth from one suite to the other. No one outside
would know who was sleeping with who. Pretty soon I was fantasizing about
Mindy and me joining them. Wow! This was the first time carrying a bag of
grass seed gave me a hard-on.

Throughout the day I kept bouncing ideas back and forth, trying to make
some sense out of what was going on. Vanessa, the little vixen with drop
dead looks, wanted me to take her pants down. It was an offer I didn't
think I would refuse. Most men probably would not go near a girl her age,
no matter how sexy she was. She had jail bait written all over her. It
seemed I didn't have to worry about that.

There was something else here, too. No one had put it into words, but this
whole thing revolved around Mindy. I had a feeling that if I did anything
to Vanessa, her father would come around looking for a pay back. Could I
let that happen? Was Vanessa worth it? What to do? How to resolve this?



Towards the end of the day, just as I was finishing up in the yard, the two
girls came walking up to the house. We were having crazy weather that
April. The day before had been almost like summer. Today, it was seasonably
cool again and the girls were dressed for it in blue jeans and sweat
shirts. Vanessa didn't look  as  provocative as the last time I'd seen her.
Still, with that pretty face and long, blonde hair hanging over her
shoulders, and that round little ass outlined through the tight jeans, she
presented a striking appearance. Damn, she was pretty! How did I not notice
her sooner?

You would have thought the two girls were sisters; their outfits looked
that much alike. Did they go shopping together? Asking myself that question
and seeing them together made me realize that a lot was going on between
these two girls. More than I'd realized and, perhaps, more than Mindy had
already told me.

To a stranger, they must have looked like any other kids you might see
walking around town. A couple of pretty girls who had yet to learn about
life. Looks certainly were deceiving. You never knew what people had been
doing.

The girls waved at me, said hello, and went on towards the house. I eyed
both of them, enjoying the sight of their little asses, packed into their
jeans. Mindy, God bless her, was fine, but Vanessa had a shape that
belonged on an older girl. How did a kid her age get a body like that?  If
I ever did get my hands on her, I was going to  bury my face between her
legs and lick her raw. It seemed to me that if you wanted to explain
`eating pussy' in an encyclopedia, you would only have to show a picture of
Vanessa.

My work in the yard was nearly done. I was about to go in the house when
the two girls came out again. "Dad?"

"Mmmm?"

"We're going over to Vanessa's. I'm going to eat supper there. Tell mom.
Okay?"

"OK. When will you be home?"

"I'm not sure. Van said her father would ride me home if it's too late.
Okay?"

I had no answer for that. It shocked me to think that Mindy would be riding
around with a man who wanted to fuck her. The girls probably took the dumb
look on my face as a sign of agreement. Vanessa gave me what I suppose you
could call a "knowing smile" and then they turned and headed down the
block. Before I could do or say anything, they were out of sight.

For a moment I felt a flash of anger. It seemed that those girls were far
too wise for their years. How did things get like this? What had happened
to the little girl I used to call `Mindy'? My daughter was acting way too
grown up for my liking, and her hot, little friend was just as bad. Yeah.
More and more, Mindy was treating me like an equal instead of her father.
What to do? Maybe I could order her to stop seeing Vanessa because she was
a "bad influence". The silliness of that idea quickly became apparent.
Things were too far along for such a childish remedy. Like it or not I'd
have to deal with Mindy as though she were a  grown-up. For in many ways
that's what she was.

Not long after I went in the house, Sue came back from shopping with Polly
and Suzy in tow. We put the groceries away and prepared our supper.

As we were eating, Sue dropped an amazing piece of information. Our local
school system had a foreign student exchange program. School kids from
overseas would come here for a year and stay with a host family. During
this time they would attend one of our schools and, in effect, be American
for a year. Some of our students also traveled to foreign countries and did
the same thing. It only operated at the high school level and I wondered
why Sue was even bringing it up. We had no room for an exchange student and
Mindy was still in the sixth grade.

Then it all fell into place. In order to promote the program, our school
system was advocating that local students exchange places with each other
for a week. Students would go live with the parents of one of their friends
to see what it was like. The foreign exchange program was only for high
school kids but this local tryout was being extended to kids in middle
school. Mindy and Vanessa wanted to trade families for a week. Mindy would
spend a week at Vanessa's house, and she in turn would stay here. Wow!

I almost choked on the food in my mouth. Sue got a scared look on her face
and started patting me on the back and trying to force a glass of water on
me.

Well, nothing like that was going to happen. At least not until I'd had a
long talk with Mindy, and maybe with Vanessa, as well.

You see, except when we were alone and even then most of the time, Mindy
and I acted just like what we really were. Father and daughter. We didn't
sneak around grabbing and kissing each other every chance we got. In fact,
we almost never acknowledged in any way that we were having a sexual
affair. Sometimes two or three weeks would go by and nothing would happen
between us. Then we'd do it and there would be another dry spell. On
several occasions we had a hot streak where we'd go at it every day for two
or three days, and there were even a couple of times when we did it twice a
day, but this was unusual. No matter what, we never talked about it. There
were no secret winks or holding hands under the table, or anything that
would give away our little secret. Our public behavior towards each other
was all very proper and discreet.

Anyway, on the next day, Sunday, I couldn't wait any longer. Sue thought it
unusual but Mindy and I went for a walk.

As soon as we were away from the house, I got right into it. "Darling, I
want to talk about this exchange program. Are you sure you want to do this?
After what you told me the other day, this could be serious. You know that
don't you? "

We headed down the street toward a small park at the corner. "Yes, dad. I
know what it means. I'll be sleeping at Van's house for a week and she'll
be sleeping at our house . . . What's the problem?"

For a moment I wondered if she understood anything of what she'd told me.
"Uh, you do remember what we talked about last Friday? That stuff about
Vanessa and her father?"

"Yeah, I remember."

Mindy was being just a little too cute to suit me. I started to get angry.
"Come on, Min. You're acting like there's nothing to it. You know what I'm
getting at. You told me Vanessa's father has the hots for you and you want
to stay overnight in his house?"

"Oh, that."

"Yeah, that!"

"Well, Vanessa will be staying at our house."

I was really getting upset. "So what?"

Mindy was a lot more clever than I'd given her credit for. Like a master
tactician she had maneuvered me into a box. "Well, you've got eyes for her
and this way you can do something about it."

Now it was my turn to act coy. "What, exactly, does that mean?"

"She told me what happened when she came by the house the other day. . .
the way you were looking at her and all. . . Oh, and feeling her butt. You
better be careful about that kind of stuff. My other friends aren't like
Van. If you try that with one of them you'll be in big trouble."

Talk about strange. I felt like a little boy getting a morality lecture
from his mother. "I see."

Mindy knew she had scored her point. "I guess you do. So, is it OK?"

She had me but somehow I had to get back in control. My eleven-year old
daughter was manipulating me like I was the village idiot.

"I'm not sure. This is serious stuff, for both of us. You do understand
that if you go over there he may just try something with you?"

Actually, I didn't know what he might do because I'd never met the man. I
was speculating on his behavior, based on what I would do in such a
situation. However, Mindy, my little bomb thrower, cleared up that mystery
right away.

"To tell you the truth, I expect he will. Nick's been giving me the eye for
some time. He's never touched me but I can tell what he's thinking from the
way he looks at me. It's probably the same way you looked at Vanessa the
other day."

"So that's his name, Nick . . . and you call him by his first name?"

"He asked me to call him that. He said that when I called him `Mr.
Baldwin', it made him feel old."

I could relate to that. "And it doesn't bother you, that he's going to try
something?"

"Well, no . . . it doesn't. I've been thinking about this for a long time
and I guess I've gotten used to the idea."

I was floored to hear this disclosure. Mindy could see the shock on my face
and she took on a more sympathetic tone. " You see, this is really Van's
idea. She's been after me for some time to trade, for her and I to take
each other's place. At first I didn't want to do it, but lately I've been
changing my mind. I guess she's talked me into it, and now, with this
exchange program and all . . . Well . . . It's kinda neat, don't you
think?"

I was getting the feeling that this couldn't be really happening. It didn't
seem possible that I could be having this kind of conversation with my own
daughter. "Well, I'm not ready to agree. I don't like the idea of you being
with someone else, especially someone I don't even know."

My reluctance was obviously threatening plans that Mindy had already made.
"Daad. You'll have Vanessa! She's very nice. I know you'll like her . . .
I've seen her naked."

Was this really my little girl, offering me the body of her lovely, young
friend, or was I talking to someone who just looked like Mindy? Whatever, I
was weakening. I wouldn't have minded one bit, taking on Vanessa; but I
didn't want to give up Mindy in exchange.

"It sounds like you and Vanessa have everything worked out. I'm just sort
of along for the ride. Is Vanessa going to tell her father or are you just
going to show up over there?"

Mindy could see I was coming around and this made her more determined than
ever to win her case. It was vintage Mindy and she was giving me her best
shot. "No dad, Vanessa has asked both her parents and they've agreed to the
exchange. Lot's of kids are doing it. I'll even have to write a school
report on my experience."

I would certainly read that report before it left the house. She went on.
"We're all going to meet, too. Van said her parents want us to come over
next weekend so everybody can get acquainted, you, me, mom and the girls.
She also talked to her dad and he understands that you and her might get
into it. He said he doesn't mind as long as I'm with him. He's willing if
you are."

You would have thought by now I'd be shock proof. This piece of news sent
me reeling. My daughter was actually setting me up with one of her friends.
What in hell would come next?

"I'll be honest with you, hon. I do like your friend. She's very nice, and
I would like to do it to her. It's just that I don't like the idea of you
going with another man."

"It'll be okay, dad. He's very nice, kind of like you . . . and Van said
that if we go through with this and it works out, they want us to join the
JSC. She thinks we'll fit right in and from what she's told me it sounds
really great. I really want to do it, please?"

"What's the JSC?"

"Oh. That stands for Junior Sex Club. You know, those special weekends that
Van and Nick go on. They want us to join. It's what the girls call it.
There's another name but Van said she couldn't remember what it is."

"So, all that stuff is true and they're asking us to get into it with
them?"

"Yep . . ."

My curiosity about the sex club and my lust for Vanessa were getting the
better of me. Also, Mindy's charm and magic were working on me. I could
feel myself being drawn in and I knew it was going to happen. Mindy had
already decided and that was usually enough. This time wouldn't be any
different.

So, my friends, that's how my daughter Mindy and I came to be members of
the "J". I found out later that the girls generally called it that, instead
of the "JSC". It was both a further abbreviation of the initials and a
takeoff on "Y" for "YMCA". Instead of going to the "Y", these girls would
go to the "J". There was another, sort of official name, that the men used,
but I'm getting ahead of my story, again.

