
                 JHNS-1-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 1/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 1 -- part 1

   My marriage came to a crashing halt the afternoon my wife came home from
work early and found me fucking our fifteen-year-old baby-sitter. We'd been
married just out of high school and had two kids right away. After the second
baby was born we both agreed that should be the end of the children and I went
to the doctor for "the operation". Having a vasectomy didn't bother me at all.
In fact, I saw it as an opportunity to pursue my secret interest in young girls
without either me or them having to worry about pregnancy. It's amazing the
number of young teenage girls eager to discover the wonderful world of sex once
they didn't have to worry about 'accidents'.

   Our baby-sitter, Janice, had moved into the apartment across the hall from
us several months before, and we had hired her for the summer to watch our two
elementary-aged children while my wife and I worked during the day. She had a
freckled, round, plain-looking face with sort of "sad" eyes, but a
fantastically firm, slender, sexy teenage body with small, pale,
freckled-covered breasts tipped with little pink nipples and a great, smooth,
tight little ass. There was a strong sexual aura surrounding her, and the first
time we met I felt the attraction. And it sure wasn't hard to get her pants off
the first time, either.

   I usually got home from work in the mid-afternoon, about two hours earlier
than my wife, and nearly every day, while the kids played outside in the yard,
I locked the apartment door and enjoyed her sexy and responsive young body for
awhile before she went home.

   One day the electricity went off in the bank where my wife worked and they
sent everyone home early. She unlocked the apartment door, walked in, and found
me sitting on the couch with my jeans and underwear bunched down around my
ankles as Janice knelt on the couch and straddled my lap. Although she still
wore her white tennis shoes, the teenage girl was completely naked from the
waist down, her shorts and panties laying on the floor. Her slender and pale
body moved quickly up and down, her round, shapely ass slapping down on my bare
thighs as she frantically bounced up and down on my cock. My hands cradled and
caressed her sweet little behind, and I played with the crack of her ass and
tickled her asshole with my finger tips as her firm little butt moved over me.

   My wife froze for an instant when she saw what was happening, turned around,
and slammed the door as she left. I was just about ready to shoot off into this
fifteen-year-old girl's tight and wet cunt for the second time that afternoon
and, at that moment, didn't give a damn what happened or who saw us.
Afterwards, my wife gave me a week to move out.

   I guess my attraction to young girls goes back to the time I was about
twelve or thirteen-years-old, in junior high school, and just discovering the
difference between boys and girls and the wonderful and forbidden pleasures
that difference could bring. My sister was about ten-years-old at the time and
had a friend about the same age, named Amy, that she often played with.

   Amy always seemed to wear dresses or skirts when she came over to play with
my sister. They were just plain, simple, sometimes ragged, play dresses, not
fancy or anything. I over-heard Amy tell my little sister her mom insisted that
she wear them.

   Anyway, the little girl seemed unconcerned about the fact that, as the two
girls played, her skirt would come up and she'd constantly expose her white
cotton panties. But, to a horny young junior high boy with a cock that was hard
just about all the time, seeing her underwear was quite a thrill and, when I
was invited to play "house" with them, I usually took advantage of the
opportunity.

   One day, we built a 'secret hide-away' in the back of the garage using
several very large cardboard boxes and old blankets. As we moved around our
little fort I took every chance I could to put my hand up under Amy's
loose-fitting dress and feel her ass and pussy. The first time I touched her,
she was crawling on her hands and knees moving into the hideout and I was right
behind her. As she knelt on all fours in front me and started to squeeze
through the cut-out opening, I reached up under her skirt and held her between
her legs, my fingers kind of cupping and holding her crotch. I was really
scared that she might make a fuss and tell my sister and my fingers trembled
but, God, I was horny, and that narrow white strip between her legs was so
inviting.

   I was really surprised when the little girl stopped moving as she felt my
hand rubbing over her cotton-covered mound between her legs. I was afraid she
was going to start yelling or something, but she just stayed still, crouched on
her hands and knees in front of me until I heard my sister finally ask why it
was taking her so long to get through the door. I dropped my hand as she moved
in and nervously waited for accusations that never came.

   Her reaction, or lack of, immediately made me much more bold, and I began to
look for every opportunity to secretly slip my hand under her dress and fondle
her panty-covered little-girl pussy whenever my sister wasn't looking. Later
that same afternoon, my sister went to the house to get lemonade and cookies
and left the two of us alone for about ten minutes. As soon as she left, Amy
and I sat in silence and building excitement at our secret game that seemed so
dirty, and so much fun.

   We looked at each other for a moment wondering who was going to make the
first move, before I slowly, nervously, crawled across the box and over to her.
As I sat next to the young girl, I put my hand on her long, bare, skinny leg. I
wasn't quite sure what she was going to do, but I didn't expect the girl to
lift the hem of her dress, draw her legs up, separate her knees, and let my
hand slid down along the smoothness of her inner thigh and fall onto her pussy
mound.

    My hand lay still for a moment before, with trembling fingers, I slowly
rubbed my hand back and forth over her private pleasure place. We both knew
that this was a forbidden, dirty thing to do, and we both enjoyed it very much.
Time seemed to move in slow motion as we silently sat together, the sexual
tension like high-voltage electricity crackling around us as my hand moved
purposely between her thin, parted thighs, touching and caressing the puffy,
round folds of her pussy through her panties.

   For the next several weeks Amy came over to play with my sister often and,
whenever my sister wasn't looking, I constantly played with Amy's hairless
little pussy. For a young junior high school boy just discovering the secret,
private pleasure places of a girl's body this was incredibly arousing stuff. I
found myself thinking about the little girl all the time and what we were
doing. I can remember how hard my cock felt in my pants as I saw our furtive
sessions in my mind, and eagerly anticipated what we were going to do together
when she came over to play again.

   After the first couple of times we played our secret sex game, I finally
became bold enough to slip my fingers under the elastic leg band of her panties
and actually feel the bare skin of the lips of her pussy and the little cleft
that separated them. The first time I did it she groaned a little. It was the
first sound I'd ever heard her make as we played our dirty little game, and my
hand froze as my finger pressed down into her little slit. I asked if I was
hurting her. She whispered in a small voice that I wasn't.....that it felt
good.

   One Saturday afternoon, several weeks later, Amy came over to play as she
usually did. This time, however, my sister wasn't home, but I was, and it was
our first opportunity to be completely by ourselves. We both knew right away
what we wanted to do and, without a word, we quickly headed for the dark
hideout in the garage.

    Once inside, her lace-fringed little white panties came off right away and
stayed off for the rest of the afternoon as we played together. It was the
first time that my jeans came off, too. She seemed somewhat frightened by the
lump that pushed out the front of my white cotton briefs. But she quickly
overcame that fear when I took her small, trembling little hand and showed her
how to hold and rub my hard little erection. After that I couldn't hardly keep
her hand out of my lap, and she was more than ready when, a little while later,
my underwear joined her panties in a pile in the corner.

   The ten-year-old girl seemed fascinated by the sight and feel of my small,
little-boy cock, and she constantly kept her fingers wrapped around my little
pole that afternoon as if she didn't want to let go. I showed her how to skim
her fist up and down my sensitive shaft and make me feel good, too, and she
watched excitedly as drops of clear juice dribbled up from the hole on the tip.

   All afternoon she sat beside me, her dress pulled up around her waist and
her naked thighs spread apart. She held and squeezed my prick while my fingers
cupped and played with her hairless pubes. We reveled in our thrilling and
forbidden actions, and we felt so grown-up. One afternoon, when we were again
able to be alone, she finally made me cum. I guess the moaning I made and the
spray of cum that shot out of my cock scared her to death, but made me feel
like I'd never felt before. Once she got over the surprise and realized what
had happened, she was eager to try it again, and I was only too happy to oblige
her.

   Late that summer, just as school was going to begin, our family moved to a
house in the country and I never saw Amy again. But my attraction to young
girls never lessened though, until my involvement with the baby-sitter, there
had been no opportunities to indulge my secret desires.

   After my divorce I wandered for a few years, moving from town to town doing
odd jobs. I finally settled in a large city in the mid-west where I took a job
as a night security guard. I like the privacy of living in a house and not an
apartment, and I looked for a place to rent that was within my meager salary.
The only thing I could afford was an old, run-down, two story house in a very
old part of the city. An alley ran behind the house and an old shed stood at
the back of the yard near the alley. It had once been used as a garage, but my
landlord now stored old furniture and boxes in it.

   I like to work with my hands and I especially like to work in the yard. One
day, soon after I moved in, I was filling some holes with dirt in the back yard
and while I watched a group of ragged neighborhood kids that constantly ran up
and down the alley. Barefoot and dirty, they were young kids, mostly boys, but
their leader seemed to be an older girl. Taller and physically bigger than the
other kids, she appeared to be in charge, a tom-boy, ordering them around as
they played their games.

   Over the next week or so I watched for her as the kids played in the
neighborhood. She was always dressed the same - a pair of unwashed, beltless
corduroy pants or jeans, bare feet, and either a tube top or halter top
covering her small budding breasts. Rising up like small, pointed cones from
her girlish chest, her breast mounds were just beginning to push out against
her clothing, though I noticed that her small, pebble-like nipples were often
hard, erect, and attractive.

   It was difficult to tell how old she was, though I found out later she was
twelve, almost thirteen. She had the slender hips of a young girl who'd not
quite begun to fill out, though she had a nice shapely little ass. Her stringy
blond hair hung down to her shoulders and, with a freckled face and pert nose,
she was a cute girl bordering on pretty. She reminded me a lot of Amy.

   Once, as the group raced by on some 'secret mission', I stopped one of the
boys and asked about her. He said her name was Traci and that she was going to
be in seventh grade. Apparently she went to the public school nearby.

   He must have told Traci that I'd asked about her because later on in the
afternoon she came walking up the alley by herself, no gang in sight. It was a
hot, summer day and she wore the usual outfit - old dirty cords, halter top
tied with two strings, one behind her back and the other behind her neck, bare
foot, and unwashed. Tiny, hardened little nipples pressed out against her
halter top, and her little breasts quivered ever so slightly under the loose
material as she walked toward me.

   "...heard you asked about me," she said, a glint of both interest and
challenge in her eyes.

   "Yeah, I did."

   "Why?"

    I decided to be up-front with her. If she wasn't interested in the things I
had in mind, well, so-be-it. But, if she was, I wanted to find out.

   "I thought you were an attractive girl and I like to know the attractive
girls in the neighborhood."

    Her dirty cords clung tightly to her slender hips and round, little ass,
but the waistband had no belt and gapped open around her slim waist. As she
stood near me I glanced down and could easily see the elastic waistband of her
panties. She didn't seem to mind, or care, as I looked her over, not hiding my
effort to see inside the waistband of her pants. She looked young, innocent
and, at the same time, wild, sexy, and unwashed. I was very aroused.

   "Why do you like to know the girls in the neighborhood?" she asked, looking
hard into my face. "Do you...like to do things to them?"

   "What do you mean, 'do things'?" I asked, a little surprised at her
frankness.

   "I got a couple of brothers who like to do things to me. That's what we call
it-'do things'. They....uh..like to rub me between my legs and stuff. Sometimes
they come into my room when my mom's gone and rub me there and pull my
underpants down and touch me."

   "How long have they been doing this kind of stuff to you?"

   "Mmmm...I don't know..for the last couple of years, I know. I guess Jeff
started doin' it to me when he was in sixth or seventh grade and I was in
fourth. Robby's only been doin' things to me this year."

   "How do you feel about it? Do you like it when they 'do things' to you?"

   "It felt kinda funny at first, but kinda good, too. It was just kinda fun to
do, pullin' my pants down and stuff, but now it feels real good. In fact, I
really like it when they do it. Sometimes I lay in my bed at night and feel
funny down there between my legs and wish they'd come in and do things to me."

   "How old are they?" I asked.

   "Robby's eleven. He's gonna to be in seventh grade and Jeff's
fourteen-years-old and goin' into high school. Actually, they're my
step-brothers 'cause mom married their father after I was born, but he took off
a couple of years ago and we haven't heard from him since."

   "How old are you?"

   "I'm twelve now, but I'll be thirteen in a couple of weeks." She seemed
proud of that.

   "When you say they 'do things'...touch you, how do they touch you?"

   "Mom's usually never home 'cause if she's not workin' she's at the bar. So
my brothers and me are home a lot. Sometimes, when I'm standing, doing
something around the house, one of em'll come up and put their hand between my
legs and rub me down there. I let 'em do it to me 'cause it feels so good.
Sometimes they'll put their hands down inside my pants and feel me like that."

   "But, my favorite is when one or both come into my room at night and pull my
underpants down. Then they have me spread my legs a little and put their
fingers into me... you know, up my...pussy. That feels best of all. Sometimes
it's just one of 'em; sometimes both. I get real wet and hot between my legs.
They push a finger in and move it around a lot, getting me wetter. We had a
movie this year on periods and sex and stuff and I guess that's what it's kinda
like, isn't it?"

   I began to understand her casual attitude toward sexual touching. She lived
in an environment where it was considered normal, natural.

   "It sounds like fun to me. So, you really like it, huh?"

   "Yeah, I really do," said Traci, glancing down at the ground and speaking in
a small voice, suddenly a little self-conscious. "I've been wonderin' what it'd
be like with someone else...a little older. Would you...like to do things,
too?"

   "I'd like to show you how to do some new things that make you feel even
better. Would you like that?"

   "OK," she said, looking up with a smile.

   "Let's go inside. I have a nice place where we won't be bothered." I led her
into the shed that was on the property next to the alley. It was almost like an
old large, double-sized garage and, like I said, the landlord used it to store
a bunch of old furniture. I opened the side door and we entered. There was no
electricity in the place, but several dirty windows high up near the roof
allowed in enough light to dimly illuminate the interior.

   It was cool inside and smelled slightly musty, a nice refuge from the summer
heat. Along one wall was a large, old couch and across from it, sitting on some
wooden boxes and raised about four feet off the floor, was an old box springs
and mattress. Cardboard boxes were stacked everywhere. I led the
twelve-year-old girl over to the couch and we sat down.

   Listening to her frank sexual talk was exciting. I wanted to hear more, and
she didn't seem shy or embarrassed about telling me.

   "Tell me, did you and your brothers do anything today?"

   "Sure, almost every day. My mom's working today so she left before we got
up. I usually wear a shirt and panties to bed and leave 'em on in the morning
as I walk around the house, picking up and stuff. This morning, my older
brother, Jeff, found me in the kitchen and had me take my panties off so I'd be
wearing just my shirt and be naked underneath. The boys often do that, and I
like it." She giggled. "Sometimes when I feel kinda...you know, dirty, and I
know mom's not home, I'll take my panties off before I get up and walk around
the house like that, hoping they'll do things to me. It makes me feel
so...sexy; it's fun."

   "As I walk around they put their hands between my legs and their fingers up
into my pussy for a minute. Sometimes I'll stand next to one of them while
they're sitting down and they'll put their fingers up between my legs and play
with my...hole. They'll push a finger up inside it and move it in and out real
fast. God, it feels so good and I get real wet down there when they play with
me like that."

   "Once in a while, when I'm doing dishes at the sink, they'll walk up in back
of me and do me like that from behind. I just kinda lean forward and spread my
legs a little and they tickle my....pussy. I want 'em to be able to do it
'cause it feels good to me, what they do with their fingers. I start to get all
wet and hot down there."

   "It's called 'finger-fucking'," I explained, wanting her to hear the sexy
words. "When someone uses their fingers and slides them in and out of your
pussy like that it's called finger-fucking. You should use those words..it
makes it more fun. So, you like it when they finger-fuck you?"

   "Yeah..I like it when they....finger-fuck me. There, I said it. God, it
sounds...."

   "Sexy?"

   "Yeah, sexy..and dirty. God, I love it."

   "How long have your brother's been doing this to you?"

   "Well, my older brother, Jeff, started doin' me a couple of years ago...and
Robby's just started."

   There was a long, silent pause as I gathered my courage. Finally, I spoke.
"I'd like to finger-fuck you. Would you like that?"

   She nodded in agreement.

   "Take your pants off."

   Traci stood up and unsnapped and unzipped her pants. They were down and off
her feet quickly. The young girl stood before me dressed in her halter top and
small, dingy white bikini panties.

   "Now, take your panties off."

                             END CHAPTER 1, PART 1


                 JHNS-1-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 2/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 1 -- part 2

   Without hesitation, she grabbed the elastic waistband, slid them down her
slender legs, and pulled them off her feet. She let them lay on the floor and
stood up, her halter top the only clothing on her body. A small, very light
triangle of silky blond pubic hair was barely visible just beginning to grow
and spread up over her lower belly from between her thighs.

   "Turn around slowly."

   My fantasies about sexy young girls was coming true right before my eyes,
and I wanted to admire her young form. She definitely had the hips and behind
of a developing young woman. Her slender, legs rose up from her dirty feet and
ended at her beautifully round little behind. Her ass had a deep cleft clearly
dividing the two firm globes of soft, smooth flesh and her small breasts were
just slight rises in the flatness of her girlish chest. Yet, already her little
nipples were hard and pointed, poking out against the thin material of her top,
seemingly eager to be stroked and excited. When her breasts became more
developed she would have a fantastic body. She was at that girl-woman age when
her body had characteristics of both; yet, she had that air of innocent
little-girl sexual curiosity mixed with some knowledge of the facts of life
that was a sexually intoxicating combination.

   "Do you want me to take my top off, too?" she asked in a small, hushed
voice. "No, not yet...you look more sexy this way. Sit down here," I said,
indicating a spot on the couch next to me.

   The short, shapely little twelve-year-old girl sat next to me, naked from
the waist down, a wisp of material covering her upper body. She didn't seem to
feel shy or uncomfortable with her nakedness. I had her turn so she could lean
back against the big arm of the couch facing me and put her feet on the couch
next to me, knees up and together.

   "Open your knees," I said softly.

   I found my breathing become rapid and shallow as my arousal grew with my
erotic anticipation. I felt like I was fourteen again, and Amy and I were
playing our little sex games. The air around us seemed charged with sexual
electricity as her knees opened and fell to each side, one laying against the
back of the couch, the other falling down and resting on the seat cushions. The
youngster's sex was fully and completely open and exposed to me.

   The small triangle of silky blond pubic hair carried down between her
slender, open legs, forming a covering of light blond fuzz over the raised
mounds of her sweet, little pussy. Between the rounded outer lips I could see
the already moistened opening of her small cunt slit, puffy, wet and pink. The
skin in the crease of her thighs looked soft and smooth. Already, the pungent
odor of her sex filled my nose and made my cock unbelievably hard.

   I laid my right hand squarely between her legs and gently petted the sexy
little girl there, my fingers caressing the light, silky hair and soft skin
from the triangle patch on her lower belly down to the round contours of her
cute little behind. I moved my hand and fingers over the entire area, the tips
of my fingers lightly grazing over the smooth skin of her open inner thighs,
then back down, always returning to her girlish pleasure point.

   "Mmmm...this feels nice," she volunteered, "you're not as rough as my
brothers."

   "It feels good to me, too," I answered, caressing her, arousing her. "You've
got a nice pussy...so soft, so sexy...mmmm, you must like what I'm doing..I can
feel you getting wet."

   My fingers lightly moving back and forth between her legs, feeling the
roundness of the folds of her pussy lips and the cleft dividing them. The silky
soft pussy fur tickled my finger tips as they moved back and forth between the
little girl's open legs. Long forgotten memories of my experience with Amy
flooded my head.

   There wasn't much hair growing yet, and her pubes felt almost as slick as
bare skin. I traced circles with my finger tips up her inner thighs almost to
her knees, then back down to that place of special pleasures. I could see her
cleft beginning to become more moist, more wet, as she was aroused by the
stimulation of my fingers. I centered my movements more and more around her
pussy slit, wanting to arouse the youngster even more.

   "Mmmm..." I heard her whispered moan. I glanced up and saw her close her
eyes, enjoying the sexy sensations.

   Tentatively, I ran the tip of my middle finger slowly up through her cleft
several times, feeling the wetness I was creating, gathering it on my fingers
and spreading it over her pussy. Her head was tilted down now, her eyes open
and watching my every move as my fingers delved into her fuck hole.

   The tip of my middle finger started to push aside the outer lips of her cunt
and move into her. I stopped moving my hand, cupped her cunt with my palm and
easily, gently sunk my middle finger deep inside her tight fuck hole.

   Traci moaned at the sudden intense explosion of pleasure. She looked down
between her open thighs and watched as my middle finger disappeared into the
slick slot between her legs until I reached my hand. I couldn't push it into
her any farther.

   "Is this what your brothers do to you?"

   "Yeah, but your finger feels better...bigger...mmm..God, that feels good..."
Without pausing I drew it out of her about half-way, then plunged it back in to
the hilt, the rest of my fingers curled as if in a fist, masturbating the
little girl. Her eyes closed again for an instant and she moaned a little
louder at the sharp barrage of sexual pleasure shooting from between her legs
up through her youthful body.

   Although the entrance to her pussy hole was tight, she got very wet quickly
and my slippery finger began to move easily in and out of her. She continued to
gaze down between her slim open legs, her eyes wide and sparkling, watching me
finger-fuck her. In and out my finger moved, each time sliding over the clit at
the top of her pussy slit. Sometimes, I would let my finger slid farther down
to her little puckered asshole and skim the tip lightly over that other
pleasure point. God, she had a great little ass.

   "How's it feel?" I wanted to hear her talk about what we were doing.

   "It feels soo.. much better than when my brothers do it to me. God, it feels
good. I feel like I'm, you know, gettin' really wet, really hot down there."

   "You are," I said. "Let's try two fingers."

   I put my index finger together with my middle finger and thrust down inside
her slippery fuck hole. She took them easily. I set up a steady rhythm and used
my thumb to gently rub the area of her clitoris.

   "Mmmmm..." I heard her moan.

   The horny little twelve-year-old girl laid her head back against the arm of
the old couch and closed her eyes, the intense sexual fire between her widely
spread legs building. I don't think she'd ever been stimulated like this
before, even with her brothers. The strong, musky smell of her pussy juices
mixed with her sweaty, pungent body odor creating an arousing scent of youthful
body and sex.

   "I wish this was my cock..." I murmured, mostly to myself.

   "Do cocks make you feel like that, too?" she asked shyly.

   "Yeah, they do; sometimes even better."

   "Would you...do me with your cock?"

   I stopped the movement of my fingers in her pussy, though I left them inside
her.

   "Having sex like that is called fucking. Is that what you want, for me to
fuck you?" I wanted to hear her say the words.

   "Yeah, I want you...to fuck me."

   I took her by the hand and helped her stand up. Putting my arms around her I
undid the knots holding on her halter top and it fell to the floor. As I
imagined, her small breasts were like shallow little cones, just beginning to
sprout up from her chest and achieve some roundness. But her nipples were
already sensitive, pink and hard and standing out from the little mounds on her
chest. I pulled at the small, pink pebbles with my finger tips, enjoying the
feel as they rolled slightly back and forth between my thumb and first finger.

   The little girl pressed her chest against my hands, jolts of sexual pleasure
flowing from her nipples down to her cunt like a hot, electric wire, making her
even more wet, more horny.

   "My brothers have never done this to me...played with my titties like this.
God, it feels so good..."

   "You've got nice, hard little nipples. I like playing with them, and I'm
glad you don't wear a bra. I like it when young girls like you don't wear bras;
it's so much more sexy that way. And I like it when they don't wear any
panties, either. It makes me really horny and hard thinking that they aren't
wearing any underwear...and girls tell me it makes them horny, too."

   She smiled at the idea.

   "That sounds fun...maybe I won't wear underwear anymore... God, what would
my mom think..."

   "Mmmmm...your nipples feel so good. Undo my pants," I told her, never taking
my hands from her growing little breasts, my fingers never ceasing to rub over
her hard, sensitive little nipples.

   Her hands went to the waist band of my jeans and quickly began to unfasten
and unzip them. Her trembling, excited fingers fumbled for a minute before she
got them open and let them fall to the floor at my feet. I stepped out of them.

   I wasn't wearing any underwear and my cock stood out straight, hard and
erect from my loins. Without coaching, her eager little hands wrapped around my
hardness and slid back and forth along the sides, feeling my length.

   "It's so big.." she said quietly, looking down at what she was doing.

   "But not too big," I answered with a smile. "What you're doing, it feels
good. Guys like it when girls play with their cocks like this."

   Her hands followed my shaft down and underneath, lightly skimming over my
balls.

   "I can make you cum by finger-fucking you like I was doing; you can make a
boy cum by jerking him off like this-using your hands like you're doing,
running them up and down his cock. God, that feels good...you really know what
you're doing."

   "I've never played with my brothers' thing like this.."

   "Their 'thing'? You mean, their cocks, don't you?"

   The naked little girl looked up and grinned wickedly at me.

   "Yeah, their cocks..."

    She tilted her head down, again, to watch as her small hands skimmed up and
down over my shaft. She had a lewd, happy grin on her face, and I could see she
was enjoying herself.

   "I like doing this," she said, looking up at me, a lusty glint shining in
her eyes. "It feels good...makes me hot..."

   "This is something you can do to your brothers, or any boy. I'm sure they'd
appreciate having their sister jerk 'em off like this and make 'em cum."

   "Mmmm..sounds like fun..I'll try it on 'em."

   We stood face to face like that for a few minutes and enjoyed the sensations
of mutual touching, our breathing becoming more rapid as our excitement grew.
God, it was as if I couldn't seem to keep my hands off this wonderfully dirty,
sexy little girl. I put my hands around behind her and ran my fingers up and
down through the narrow crack of her ass, playing with her asshole with my
finger tips.

   Traci's hands were busy between my legs exploring, pulling and stroking
smooth, hard length of my cock with her fingers and playing with my balls. The
twelve-year-old found this new experience extremely arousing and couldn't wait
to do it to her brothers. Now she could have some fun, too.

   After a few minutes, we climbed up onto the musty old mattress that was
sitting up on boxes, and lay down together, our hands still busy stimulating
each other. Her fist slowly skimmed up and down my velvety shaft while my
fingers played in that wonderful warm, wet area between her legs. She lay on
her side with one knee in the air and the other on the mattress, the moist
little pink slit between her legs readily open and available to my eager
attention.

   I slipped my middle finger into her hot little fuck hole and slowly,
leisurely, finger-fucked her again. My other finger tips fondled the swollen
pink folds of her moist little cunt as I looked down and watched my middle
finger moved in and out of her slit. She was still wet from her previous
experience and my fingers moved easily in and out of the oily wetness of her
tight pussy opening.

   God, I loved playing with her little girl cunt. This twelve-year-old was
such a sexy, sensual young girl, so willing and so eager to open her legs for
pleasure without a sense of guilt or shame or modesty. I figured it was from
the attention her brothers had been giving her at home. Sex play like this must
seem so normal, so natural to her.

   As she held and squeezed my cock in her fingers, she looked down between her
thighs and watched as my hand slowly moved back and forth over her sweet little
pussy and my middle finger slid in and out of her slit, a look of joy and sheer
lust on her face. But, I could tell she was hungry for more when she closed her
eyes and groaned at the delightful sensations I was creating between her
thighs.

   Slipping my finger out of her cunt, I put my arms around her and rolled over
onto my back, bringing her slim, naked, girlish body with me until she was
lying on top, her hard, little nipples against my chest. Her smooth, slender
thighs lay on either side of my belly, the area between them open. I reached
around her as she lay on top of me and brushed my finger tips along the back of
her smooth, naked thighs and over the roundness of her taut little ass,
enjoying the feel of the two round globes of her shapely behind. Sliding my
fingers down between her open legs, I caressed young girl's pussy lips from
behind, her slippery wetness coating my fingers as I played with the folds of
her little cunt. After a minute, I slipped my fingers into her again, letting
them poke inside her hot, horny hole.

   "Mmmmm...feels good..." she murmured, her small behind squirming against my
probing fingers.

   It was really fun playing with her pussy like that, but my prick ached for
more. I found my cock and directed the head up until it lay at the entrance to
her cunt.

   "Push yourself back a little," I said, "you'll feel my cock enter you."

   Putting her hands on my chest she lifted her body up a little and scooted
back against the pressure of my cockhead at the entrance to her fuck hole. The
outer lips of her slit parted and I felt the warm wetness of her tight pussy
surround my cockhead. The ridges of the tip of my prick were held in place by
the elastic tightness of her pussy opening. I was inside the sexy, young girl,
but just barely.

   I put my hands around her slender, girlish waist and pushed her back onto me
while raising my hips slightly, my shaft pushing up farther into her tightness.
Little by little I could feel the walls of her cunt slide along the sides of my
hard, throbbing cock as I entered the horny little twelve-year-old girl's sweet
fuck hole.

   "Oooo...it's feeling good..." she moaned, as she scooted her body back
against me.

   Eagerly, Traci pushed back harder and sat up a little more, her hands and
arms pushing down on my chest as she pushed her ass back, loving the sensation
and wanting it all. I could feel her ass twisting and wiggling, sinking more
and more onto my hardness. Her pussy surrounded my cock like some hot, tight,
wet tube enclosing my thick shaft. No pussy, no girl, ever felt better.

   Inch by sensuous inch her tight pussy moved down onto my shaft. The outer
lips of her cunt seemed to grip my cock like a warm, wet mouth, pulling and
sucking on it.

   Finally, I was completely inside her. I could feel the base of my cock
against Traci's pelvic bone and knew she had taken my complete length. She laid
her body down on top of me as I held her hips tightly against me, her head on
my chest as she enjoyed the sensation of being filled up inside with my
thickness. I put my hands around behind her again, and stroked the delightfully
smooth, round contours of her shapely little ass and thighs with my finger
tips. Eventually, I let them wander down between her legs and felt the base of
my cock where it disappeared into her cunt. Gently, I caressed the rubbery
folds of her wet pussy lips as they surrounded my shaft. The oily dampness from
her slit coated my fingers making them slick and I slid them back and forth
through her crack and over her asshole, fondling the firm, round little globes
of her butt.

   "It feels so good, doin' this..." she sighed softly, her slender, naked body
laying on top of me as I caressed her between her legs. "I didn't know anything
could feel this good."

   "The best part is yet to come," I said. "Sit up a little and use your knees
to move up and down on my cock. Mmmm...that's right, just go slow at first.
Yeah, that's good...now, we're fucking."

   She sat up a little and put her hands on my chest as she began to raise and
lower her ass, my cock sliding in and out of her tight wetness; just a little
at first, but quickly more and more as the wonderful feeling of first-time sex
flooded over her.

   I put my hands around her waist and gently lifted her body up and down as
she mastered the movement. I could feel the tight grip of the small entrance of
her pussy pull at my cock with each up and down movement. My rod had never felt
so thick, so hard and, as aroused as I was from fucking this sexy little
twelve-year-old girl, I knew I couldn't hold back my orgasm for long.

   "Oh, God, this feels good...." she moaned as she slowly slid up and down on
me. I held onto her slim hips as she moved and could feel her tender little
body shudder with each deep penetration.

   She was sitting upright now, her small hands on my chest, using only her
legs to move herself up and down as she pushed my cock in and out of her warm,
wet pussy. Slowly at first, then a little faster as the sexual sensation of
fucking began to grow between her legs, the youngster fucked herself on my
cock.

   Dropping my hands, I let her do the work as I watched her face. The
expression seemed to be a mixture of innocence and lust as she enthusiastically
pulled herself half-way off my cock and then sank back down, impaling herself
on my pole. Her little nipples were hard and erect as they stood out straight
from her small, barely formed breast mounds and I put my hands up on them and
let the rough palms rub across the sensitive little pink buds as her body moved
up and down.

   "God, I love to fuck...feels so good...so fucking good...." she said
quietly, mostly to herself, her tiny voice emphasizing the sex words. The
pungent odor of sex and her young, sweaty body moving again and again onto me
mixed together to create a scent of unbelievable sexual arousal. I'd never
fucked a girl this young before, and it felt so unbelievably good. My cock was
stone hard and my mind seemed to be floating in an erotic euphoria as this
horny twelve-year-old girl eagerly fucked herself on my sex shaft.

   The slippery wetness from her pussy was making the movement easier and Traci
leaned down over me more, her little ass moving faster and harder up and down
as she pulled herself almost completely off my cock before urgently ramming her
pussy back down again. Her eyes were closed, her face intense, and I could tell
the fire of lust and sex was building between her legs. I could hear her
breathing rapidly, her breathe hissing through her teeth each time she impaled
herself on my cock and her clit collided with the base of my sex shaft.

   If she didn't cum soon, I knew I wasn't going to be able to wait for her
orgasm. It was just too tight, too hot, too sexy, and I was going to shoot into
her any minute now.

   "I'm going to cum," I said, looking up at her, my voice catching in my
throat. "I'm going to shoot deep into you with my cum, OK?"

   Traci looked down at me and smiled, then groaned, her slender, pale, young
body continually bouncing harder and harder up and down on my throbbing hard
shaft.

   "That sounds good...cum inside me...no one's ever cum inside me before. Oh,
God...Oh, God...feels so good...something's happening...OH, GOD...feels so
gooooddddd....."

   She bounced several more times quickly up and down as I heard her cry out,
then slammed her cunt down hard onto me, her ass squirming hard against my
loins, her body rigid and quivering as she came. I looked up and saw her head
tilted back, her eyes squeezed shut as waves of orgasmic ecstasy swept through
her little body. Her insides seemed to be melting as the intense sexual
pleasure flowed up from between her legs and washed over her, sensations so
powerful, so pleasurable, everything else became a blank. Nothing existed in
the world except the tremendous feeling of release that pulsed through her,
exploding in her brain.

   It was so much fun watching the little girl cum like this for the first
time. It was so incredibly sensual, so sexy. I put my hands around her girlish
waist and held her tightly onto my prick as I felt the contraction in my balls
begin. Instinctively feeling my climax approaching, she pushed her taut young
body back onto me hard, twisting her little ass back and forth as if she was
screwing herself onto me.

   "Yeah...cum inside me...Oh, God, I wanna feel you shoot in my hot cunt..."

   Hearing her encourage me with those sexy, dirty words sent me over the edge.

   "OHHHH...." I groaned, my eyes squeezed shut as I came, my hips bucking up
against her tender loins as I shot deep inside her.

   The incredible pleasure of sexual climax exploded in my head. I grunted as
the first shot of cum spurted hard up into the twelve-year-old, my hips
thrusting up and into her again. The next couple of spurts seemed just has
hard. Shot after shot sent spasms through my body as I filled her with my
cream, my muscles tense and rigid as I came. I was unaware of time
passing-everything seemed frozen; nothing was significant except the
exceptional sexual sensations washing over my body. I hadn't climaxed that hard
in a long, long time.

   We stayed like that for a couple of minutes, almost paralyzed from the
intensity of our orgasms, our loins still making the hot connection and any
movement sending another spasm through our bodies. Although my cock was
starting to lose it's erection, I still felt the elastic grip of Traci's cunt
lips squeezing the base and holding it in her.

   Finally beginning to relax, I opened my eyes and looked up at the youngster
as she sat on me, legs spread across my loins. Warm, sticky wetness seeped out
of her slit and over my lap.

   She giggled, then let out a long sigh.

   "God, I've never felt anything so good in my life, and I could feel you
shoot inside me. It felt so warm, like something hot and wet filling me up. Can
we do it some more?"

   "I'm afraid that most guys can only do it once before they have to rest a
little. Fucking you made me cum harder than I've cum in a long time. You've got
a great pussy, and I want to fuck you again and again, but not today-I've gotta
be at work in an hour. You said your brothers like to play with your pussy;
I've sure they'd like to fuck you even more. I'll bet they could make you cum,
too."

   She smiled at the idea. "Yeah; maybe I can get 'em to do me tonight. God, it
felt so good....I wanna fuck a lot."

   Gently, slowly, she pulled her slender, pale body off my lap, my softened
cock pulling out from the clinging grip of her sweet little pussy and releasing
a small flood of white cream down the inside of her legs. I got a towel and
helped her clean up as we both got dressed.

   "Traci, one thing you should know. Fucking is the way that girls get
pregnant. You don't want that. I can't get you pregnant because I'm sterile,
but other boys can. Be sure they wear a condom over their cock before you let
them fuck you. That way, both of you will still have fun but you won't get
pregnant and you'll be able to fuck all you want. Because you've been so nice
to me, I'll run over to the store and get you some right now, if you want.
It'll just take ten minutes."

   She smiled as if I told her she was going to get a Christmas present.

   "Would you? That'd be great. When can I come and be with you again,
sometime?"

   "Just stop by whenever any time..." 


                 JHNS-2-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 3/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 2 -- part 1

   Lisa was another girl in the neighborhood who lived next door. She and her
best friend, Sarah, always played together around the house and rode their
bikes or took walks around the neighborhood. They were both young and nubile
little nymphs around thirteen or fourteen-years-old.

   Although they had well developed young bodies they were not the glamorous or
cheerleader type-the kind that wears lots of make-up and goes out on dates.
Instead, these girls were good in school and didn't hang out with the 'popular'
crowds. But that doesn't mean they didn't have the same intense sexual longings
of other, more 'popular' girls.

   Sarah was tall and slender with long, thin, straight brown hair that hung
down almost to her waist, and a pleasant, though shy, smile. She reminded me of
the 'hippy' girls from the sixties, with their long, straight hair and tight
hip-hugger blue jeans that clung to her long, slender legs and tight, shapely
ass.

   Lisa had a shorter, more compact body, with short blond hair, freckles and
braces on her teeth. She looked like she would get heavy as she got older, but
now was beautifully proportioned as only young girls can be. Her bright and
bubbly personality seemed to make her perpetually smile.

   Both of the girls had round, nicely developed asses and large breasts for
their age. Their breasts tended to stand straight out from the chests, like
ripening melons, starting full and tapering to rounded points tipped with long
nipples. Like most of the young girls around the neighborhood they seldom wore
bras during the summer, preferring to wear halter tops and swim suit tops, or
just letting their breast bounce freely beneath their summer T-shirts.

   There faces weren't really pretty-just a little cute, and the boys never
paid much attention to them. But they had the same curiosity and strong sexual
desires all young teenage girls have, and they secretly yearned to have some
boy kiss them using his tongue while he played with their full breasts and
sensitive pink nipples.

   The girls knew me and we would greet each other as they laid out in the sun
next door, or walk past the house in summer shorts and flimsy tops. I would
always pause to admire their developing young bodies, my cock growing long and
hard thinking about their jiggling breasts and tight pussies. As I watched them
passing by I could tell they felt my admiring glances, and they would look back
at me and whisper to each other. I didn't usually wear any underwear, and I
know they could see the large lump pushing out the front of my shorts.

   One hot, summer afternoon shortly after my session with Traci, they were
sitting on Lisa's front porch as I stood in the yard doing some yard work. I
had taken off my shirt and worked in just my running shorts and tennis shoes. I
could see the girls glance my way as they sat close together like conspirators,
talking in low voices. Just to be neighborly I gave them a smile and a little
wave. They conversed for another minute, then got up and sauntered over.

   "Hi, girls," I said as they came closer, "enjoying your summer vacation?"

   "Hi, Mr. Johnson," said Lisa. "It was kinda fun, at first, but it's getting
boring, now. There's just not much to do."

   They stood close to me, both dressed in their usual outfits: shorts and
cropped tops. Sarah, her long, straight brown hair hanging down her back, was
wearing very tight cut-off jeans that seemed to cling to her hips like a second
skin and barely reached down to cover the sharp curves of her ass. The shorts
were pulled so snugly up between her legs that I could see the roundness of her
pubes and the crease of the inside of her thighs. Long, slim, pale legs
extended from her compact behind, ending in little bare feet. A sleeveless
cut-off T-shirt hung just inches below the bottom swell of her full, bra-less
breasts.

   Lisa, shorter and more compact than her friend, was wearing shorts that,
while loose and billowing around her legs, were also pulled up tightly into her
crotch forming a nice 'V' shape that met on the front of her pubic mound. Once,
when she briefly turned around, I could see the material of her shorts riding
high up into the crack of her ass and I wondered if she was wearing any
panties. I was hoping to find out. She was wearing a top similar to Sarah's and
her large, pointed breasts pushed the T-shirt out and away from her chest like
the poles of a tent.

   "It's kinda hot out here," I said after a little conversation. "You girls
want to come inside for a cool drink?"

   "Sure," Lisa said with a grin, exchanging looks with her friend.

   We went into the kitchen where I fixed a pitcher of lemonade and we took it
downstairs to the den, a room I had recently finished in the basement. It was
cool and a little dark, but comfortable and, most of all, private. A couch,
over-stuffed chair, several tables and lamps, bookcase, television, and stereo
furnished the room.

   We sat together on the floor, our backs against the couch, sipping our
drinks and talking, the girls next to each other and me on the end.

   "So, tell me about your summer so far," I said.

   "There's not much to tell," Sarah answered. "We just kinda hang around, lay
out in the sun and go swimming sometimes. It's really boring."

   "What," I teased, "no boyfriends?"

   "We've never had a boyfriend," said Lisa. "Boys don't seem interested in
us."

   I looked at them frankly, openly, taking in their young, nubile bodies.

   "That's hard to believe," I said, "two girls like you with those incredible
bodies. They must be blind or stupid. How do you feel about that."

   "It's frustrating," said Sarah. "We listen to the other girls at school talk
about the boys they go our with and the things they do. We wish we had a boy we
could, you know, do some things with..."

   "Like what?" I asked.

   "Well, the girls get together, usually in the bathroom or in the hall by the
lockers and talk about, you know, kissing...and stuff."

   "Stuff?"

   Sarah looked a little embarrassed.

   "Like, kissing and...having a boy, you know, touch you...on your breasts and
stuff."

   "You've never kissed anyone or had anyone play with your breasts?"

   "Well, sometimes I sleep over at Lisa's house and we pretend." She looked
over at her friend and smiled.

   "What do you mean?" I was puzzled.

   "Well, when we go to bed at night one of us pretends she's a boy and we
kiss...and stuff."

   "You mean kiss and play with each others' breasts?"

   She smiled shyly. "Uh huh...it's fun. It makes us feel good."

   "When you do it do you feel good down between your legs...in your pussy?"

   I wanted them to hear the words and not be afraid to talk about it. I looked
over at Lisa, who hadn't said much.

   "What else do you do?" I asked her.

   "Well, when she slept over last week we touched each other...you
know...between the legs. It got so wet...I guess it's supposed too, huh."

   "Tell me about it."

   "We sleep in my big bed and usually wear panties and a shirt. We lay
together face to face and practice kissing and using our tongues. After a while
we both get pretty excited, so one of us will put our hands underneath the
other's shirt and play with her breasts...and nipples. Usually we'll take our
shirts off after a while...that makes it easier."

   "I've heard boys like to use their mouths and lick and suck on a girls'
nipples, so we do that, too. It feels really good. We usually take turns being
the boy and girl so we each can have our nipples licked."

   Lisa smiled at Sarah. I could tell they enjoyed each other.

   "Then, who's ever playing the boy will lay down on top of the other, between
her legs like a boy does, and pretends they're putting their...you know,
thing...into the girl."

   "You mean cock, penis," I said. The more we talked, the more open the girls
became, and I wanted them to use the right sexual words.

   "Yeah, cock," Lisa said with a shy smile. "We kinda rub our...pussies
together and that feels really good, too."

    "Last week we found it felt the best when we used our fingers on each
other," added Sarah. "While we were kissing Lisa put her hand on my panties
between my legs and started rubbing me there. God, it felt soooo...good I
didn't want her to stop. I started to do the same thing to her. She got really
wet there...so did I," she laughed.

   "We took our panties off right away and put our fingers inside each
others'...pussy. I guess that's where a boy's cock goes."

   "It's called 'finger-fucking'," I explained, "and boys like to do that to
girls. Girls like to do that to each other, too. It makes them feel good. I
want both of you to say it."

   They did.

   "Well, we found out we like to do it. We kinda did it all night,
finger-fucking each other. Even in the morning, I had this funny feeling when I
woke up and found Lisa with her hand between my legs, making me feel good. I
did her, too."

   "Did her?" I asked.

   "Well, finger-fucked her," Sarah corrected herself. "We know it feels really
good when we kiss and pretend with each other, but we've never had a boy do it
to us."

   "Would you like to try it with a boy?" I asked quietly. "With me?"

   They were still for a minute and looked at each other. They knew what I was
saying.

   Sarah, who was sitting cross-legged next to me said, "Sure."

   We leaned our heads together and our lips met. Her mouth was closed, at
first, but opened when it felt the insistent probing of my tongue. When she
felt my tongue slide into her mouth she pushed her face hard against mine,
connecting our mouths forcefully, her own tongue pushing past mine to explore
my mouth.

   I put my hand to the side of her face, caressing her smooth cheek, pulling
her mouth to mine. She was eager, and I could sense the pent up flood of sexual
energy about to burst within her. After a few minutes we pulled apart.

   "Mmm...that tastes good," she grinned.

   "Now, do me," Lisa insisted as she got up and sat down on the other side of
me.

   I pulled Lisa's mouth to mine, and her kissing was equally as passionate and
erotic as Sarah's.

   I sat back.

   "You've each kissed me," I said, "now, I'd like to see you kiss each other."

   The two girls looked at each other and smiled. Leaning across my body they
embraced, mouths connecting and tongues busy licking and sucking inside each
others' mouths. It was fun to watch.

   "I like kissing boys and girls," Sarah said, grinning.

   "Mmm...me too," said Lisa.

   Taking turns we continued to kiss, freely and openly, enjoying the searching
tongues and hot, wet mouths. God, I was getting horny. The girls were, too.

   Kissing Sarah again, I slid my hands up under her short, little top and
began to caress her firm, bare breasts. Her body gave a little start at the
first touch of my fingers, but immediately relaxed as the thrill of sexual
excitement flooded her breasts and filled her young body, centering in that
delicious place between her legs. I slipped my thumbs back and forth over her
puckered little nipples and they immediately grew hard and firm from the
manipulation of my fingers. I could feel her press her chest against the action
of my hands and fingers, wanting to increase the electric sensations jolting
through her.

   "Mmmm..." I could hear and feel her moan through our joined mouths as we
licked and probed with our tongues. Her breasts felt incredibly firm, yet round
and smooth. I ran my fingers lightly along the sides and underneath each tender
mound, skimming them slowly forward to the tips of her hardened nipples, my
thumbs never leaving that sensitive area. Then underneath and up again,
following the downward curve, caressing every sweet inch of her full, young
breasts.

   I pulled away from her mouth.

   "You have great breasts," I said, my hands still roaming freely underneath
her top. "Mmm...it feels so good to touch them, feel them. Do you like it?"

   "...feels so good. I've always wanted a guy to feel my tits like this," she
moaned, her head tilted back slightly and eyes closed, concentrating on erotic
feelings generated by my fingers plucking at her nipples.

   I turned to Lisa, sitting next to me.

   "Would you like me to do this to you?"

   She nodded.

   "Take your top off."

   Shyly, hesitantly, the young fourteen-year-old girl crossed her arms in
front of her, grasped the bottom of her top and pulled it up and over her head.

   Her breasts were as full and ripe as her friends. The large, pink nipples
extended from the tips, hard and firm from the arousal of watching us. A look
of anticipation and anxiety crossed her face. I could see she was breathing
faster.

   I dropped my hands from Sarah's front, turned, and immediately closed my
hands over the front of each young breast as they stood out from Lisa's chest.
I heard her gasp as the roughened palms of my hands made circles over her
nipples. She liked that.

   We kissed again, my hands never stopping their caresses as I felt every inch
of her sweet breast mounds. Like Sarah, she pushed forward to increase the
stimulation on her nipples, looking down and watching as I played with her
sensitive breasts.

   Breaking the connection of our mouths, I leaned down and licked over her
nipples with my tongue, taking each into my mouth and gently sucking and
biting. The salty taste of her smooth, young skin was wonderful. A loud moan
came from her mouth as the increased sensations washed over her. Her young body
was responding rapidly to the manipulation of my fingers and tongue, and I knew
her pussy was getting wet.

   After a minute my head came away from her nipples and I looked back over at
Sarah. She had also slipped her top off and her young breasts pushed out from
her front, naked and inviting, nipples aching to be licked and sucked.

   I turned to her, letting my mouth move over each mound. Back and forth,
between the two young girls, I used my mouth, tongue, and lips on their breasts
and nipples, sexually arousing and exciting the young girls as they'd never
been before. Increasingly, their moans of pleasure became louder, more hurried,
more wanting, and I felt bad I couldn't stimulate both at the same time.

   Sitting back for a minute, I looked at them.

   "I can tell you enjoy me doing that; I'd like to see you do it to each
other."

   Without hesitation, Lisa stood up, breast mounds jiggling with the movement,
and knelt on the floor, facing her friend. Their hands went to each others'
breasts and I watched as their eager fingers pulled at each pink and erect
nipple as mine had done, smiles of pleasure spreading over their faces. Busy
little hands circled and caressed each other, creating pleasure and making them
horny.

   I watched for a few minutes as the two young girls, barely in their teens,
delighted in girl sex. My cock was pulsing, rock hard inside my pants as I
watched them. Soon they were kissing each other, deeply, passionately, tongues
playing back and forth from wet mouth to wet mouth. I decided to get more
involved.

   I moved up next to them. Because they were up on their knees there was
plenty of space between their young thighs. I put a hand on each other their
naked backs as they faced each other, lost in mutual girl-sex play, kissing,
sucking and caressing each other, and I let my hands slide down over the gentle
curve of their firm, round behinds and underneath between their legs.

   Immediately I applied pressure up into each girl's crotch, pushing my
fingers up into their pussies and feeling the warm wetness already there. They
didn't protest at all, so I sat back a little, making it easier to run my hands
back and forth between their legs from behind as they knelt facing each other.

   I could feel Lisa push her body down slightly against the insistent pressure
of my caressing hand, trying to make the contact better, harder. Her shorts
were pulled tightly up between her legs and I could feel the roundness of the
mound of her pussy and her girl slit through the material of her shorts. The
oily wetness of her pussy juice was already beginning to soak through.

   The heavier denim material of Sarah's cut-off jeans made it more difficult
to stimulate her cunt, but I knew she was feeling something by the way her ass
began to wriggle on my probing, pushing hand.

   The girls turned to me and we kissed, one at a time, my hands continuing to
run back and forth, pressing up between their legs from behind. They finally
turned enough so that I could shift my hands around to the front, and I brought
my hands around and cupped the front of their pussy mounds through their
shorts, firmly rubbing back and forth between their separated thighs while my
fingers pushed up into their moistening slits. Their hands continued to play
with each others' nipples, pulling and pinching at the hard little pink shafts
sticking out from the tips of their teenage breasts.

   "Not only great tits, but great pussies, too," I commented, hands moving
constantly back and forth, probing up between their legs.

   They smiled, faces flushed with sexual excitement.

   "It feels so good," said Sarah, "don't stop doing it to me. God, I'm so wet
down there..."

   "See the front of my pants? Doin' this to you makes my cock so hard. Why
don't you do me like I'm doin' to you?"

   My prick was one hard, long shaft pushing straight up the front of my jeans.
Lisa put her hand lightly on the shaft.

   "Mmm...that feels nice," I said encouragingly.

   She applied a little more pressure and began to run her hand up and down the
length of my cock. Sarah's hand joined her, curious to feel her first cock.

   "It seems so big...so long.."

   "Of course it's hard and long...the better to fuck you with," I laughed.

   Sarah looked at me.

   "Is that what you're gonna do, fuck us?" she asked quietly.

   "If you want me to, I will."

   Lisa didn't look too sure, but Sarah was hot and ready. I moved closer to
her. Lisa moved back, out of the way. I unsnapped Sarah's shorts and slowly,
teasingly, pulled the zipper down. She laid back on the carpet, lifting her ass
up as I pulled at her shorts and grabbed the waistband of her panties as I
pulled them down and off her feet.

                             END CHAPTER 2, PART 1

   

                 JHNS-2-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 4/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 2 -- part 2

   The fourteen-year-old girl lay naked on her back before me, breathing fast
in her excitement and anticipation, knees raised slightly and held together. A
small, light brown triangle of curly hair extend from between her thighs up
just a little onto her lower belly.

   I stood up and spoke to Lisa, wanting her to get in on the act, too.

   "Take my pants off."

   Still a little unsure, she stood in front of me, reached down and unsnapped
my jeans. As she pulled down the zipper they immediately fell open, revealing
my cock. I wasn't wearing any underwear and my jeans fell to the floor. I
stepped out of them and moved to Sarah, my cock throbbing as it stood out from
between my legs.

   I knelt down at her feet and gently caressed her smooth, slender legs with
my hand, enjoying the feel of this young girl. Her face was full of both
anticipation and nervousness.

   "Open your legs," I said quietly, my hands on her knees guiding them apart.

   Her knees parted and spread out as she kept her feet together. Her beautiful
fourteen-year-old pussy mound was covered with light brown hair, already matted
and wet from our previous experience. I could see the pinkish cleft of her slit
in the center of the raised folds.

   "Before I fuck you, I'm going to do something that you're really going to
like."

   Still on my knees I leaned forward, hooked my arms underneath her young
thighs, and bent forward, lowering my mouth onto her cunt. Immediately I
slipped my tongue deeply into her pussy, licking up through the short length of
her delicious little slit. The sweet, pungent taste of her pussy juice and the
thought of licking this young girl seemed to make my cock even harder.

   I felt her body jump a little at the initial contact, but right away she
relaxed, caught up in the sudden intense sexual sensations shooting up from
between her legs. Back and forth I flicked my tongue up and down her slit,
licking and sucking. She instinctively tried to close her legs together with
the first explosion of pleasure, but my arms held her open, and soon I could
feel her pushing her knees back trying to push her cunt against my mouth and
increase the wonderful contact.

   After a moment I licked around the outside of her mound, through the crease
of her thighs, tasting the saltiness of her soft teenage skin, then plunged
back into her slit, licking and sucking, tasting her wonderful juice.

   She was incredibly wet now, and I knew she was ready. Raising my head up, I
got up on my knees and shifted my hips forward, over her open pussy. Using my
right hand, I placed the head of my cock against her girl slot, pressing the
tip down into her cunt opening. Pushing my hips slowly, but firmly, forward, I
looked down between her legs and watched my thick, swollen shaft enter her cunt
and slowly disappear as, bit by bit, it sank up into her warm tightness.

   When I was a little way in, I put both my hands on the floor and supported
myself on my arms and knees over her. Sarah lay below me, head turned to the
side and knees wide open, my cockhead in her pussy.

   Again, I pushed forward. She was tight, but the wetness allowed me to slide
in pretty easily. There was no resistance as my length moved little by little
further into her cunt.

   Looking down again, I could see I was about half-way in. Pulling back a
little, I shoved a little harder and slid in further. Several more times I
moved in and out, each time working my shaft a little farther up her tight
little pussy until, with a final long, deep stroke, I felt the base of my cock
hit her pubic bone. I knew she had taken me fully into her.

   I looked down as she turned her face to me.

   "How's it feel?" I asked with a little grin.

   "....feels so good.." she answered, her voice coming from low in her throat,
a dreamy, far-away look in her eyes.

   "You like my cock in you?"

   "Mmm...yeah..

   "Then you have to say it....say the words."

   "I...like your cock in me..."

   "Do you want me to fuck you?"

   "..yeah..oh, yeah, fuck me...fuck me..."

   As she spoke the sexy, dirty words, I pulled my shaft out a little, then
slide it back up to the hilt, fucking the pretty, young fourteen-year-old girl.
Rocking back and forth, I moved slowly in and out of her several times, wanting
to let her enjoy the first sensations of sex.

   "Put your legs up around me...that's it..."

   I felt the horny junior high school girl wrap her ankles around my ass and
pull me into her. Soon, I started to move a little faster and shaft into her
harder, the base of my cock colliding with the top of her mound. Her incredible
wetness made the movement easy now, and I was pulling out almost the entire
length of my cock before stroking back up into her, letting the full length of
my shaft slip through the delicious grip of her tight little-girl opening. We
set up a slow, easy rhythm, and I could feel her legs pulling me harder and
harder as I pumped into her hot little pussy.

   As I fucked the youngster, I saw Lisa come closer, right next to us,
watching with wide, lust-filled eyes. She knelt down on the floor near us,
naked from the waist up, the nipples on her pale, firm, full teenage breasts
large and erect. She could see the look of ecstasy and hear the moans of
pleasure coming from her friend as I fucked her for the first time. The
squishy, wet sound and musky scent of sex was everywhere, and she was getting
turned-on, too.

   I was trying to hold back to give Sarah a good first fucking so I slowed our
pace for a minute, settling myself down do I didn't cum too soon. It was easy
to shoot off quickly into these tight, teenage pussies if you didn't take your
time. I even stopped for a minute and sat back a little, looked down, and saw
my cock completely disappearing into the slit between Sarah's legs. God, it
looked and felt so good, so sexy. I could feel her wonderful, fleshy pussy lips
gripping the base of my prick where it entered her slit.

   I looked over at Lisa kneeling next to me, watching the torrid scene of
young sex, her breathing rapid, her eyes glowing.

   "She feels so good on my cock. Her pussy is so wet, so tight..."

    I moved in and out slightly as I explained, the sensations too nice for me
to stay still very long. She felt so good that I had to move, to fuck the sexy,
young teenager.

   As I moved my hips slowly back and forth slipping my shaft in and out of
Sarah, I reached over and ran the palm of my hand over both of Lisa's nipples,
then pulled at their length with my finger tips. She smiled and moaned a little
at the sensual touch, pressing her breasts against my hand as I played with her
creamy breast mounds. After a moment I ran my hand down over her soft, smooth
belly and between her thighs. I cupped her pubic mound with my hand, firmly
pulling my fingers back and forth over the front of her slit through the
material of her tight shorts as the palm of my hand pressed against her cunt.

   "It feels so good to fuck a young girl like this. I'd like to fuck you, too.
Would you like that?"

   She smiled, leaned forward, and brought her mouth tightly against mine, her
little tongue shooting in and around my mouth as my hand continued to rub back
and forth between her legs. As I swirled my tongue around her mouth and I could
feel the metal braces on her teeth on my tongue and the warmth of her pussy in
my hand.

   We pulled our faces away.

   "Take your shorts off."

   She didn't hesitate at all. She just stood up, unbuttoned her shorts, and
let them fall to the floor. She lifted her feet out and kicked them aside.
"Now, take your panties off..."

   She hooked her fingers under the elastic waist band and her pale yellow
bikini panties rolled down her short, slender legs and off her feet. She stood
next to me, a small triangle of silky blond hair sloping down between her legs.
"Kneel down here." I indicated the spot next to me.

   The naked, blond fourteen-year-old girl knelt down and sat back on her
heels, her knees apart.

   I put my hand out and dragged my fingers along the smooth insides of her
legs and inner thighs. She moved her knees apart a little more, opening herself
to my touch. Again, I cupped the front of her mound with the heal of my hand,
the short curls of her soft, blond pussy hair tickling my palm as the tip of my
middle finger probed up into her slit between the soft, rubbery outer lips of
her pussy. She was tight and already very wet, like a young girl's pussy should
be.

   Not feeling any resistance, I slipped the full length of my middle finger up
into her. My hand rocked slowly back and forth as I began to finger-fuck the
youngster, the wetness from her slit already coating my finger.

   "Mmmm...God, you've got a nice pussy...so soft, so wet..." I murmured to her
as my finger slipped in and out of her cunt opening.

   I heard a small moan from her mouth as I ran the finger over her clitoris,
intensifying the sexual sensations radiating up from between her thighs. With
each in and out movement I rub over her sensitive button at the front of her
cleft, sexually stimulating this little girl to higher levels than she'd ever
been before.

   After a minute I plunged two fingers into her, making the penetration more
full, more thick, more arousing. I could feel the opening of her pussy adjust
to the added size and knew, when the time came, she would take my cock easily
and eagerly.

   I was trying to get two horny, hungry junior high school girls off at the
same time while trying not to shoot my load too soon, and it was difficult.
Sarah's legs kept pulling me harder as I began to shaft into her again and I
knew she wanted me to fuck her hard and fast. But I wanted Lisa to have some
fun, too.

   I could feel Lisa begin to move up and down on her knees slightly each time
I pushed my fingers up into her, almost as if she was fucking herself. Her eyes
were closed as she concentrated on the incredible waves of pleasure sweeping
over her young body. Using my thumb, I was able to stimulate her clit
continually while my two other fingers moved in and out of her slit, and she
gasped and moaned with each slight movement in her pussy. I could tell she
liked being finger-fucked, and I was enjoying arousing the youngster, but she
was going to have to wait. Sarah was just too demanding.

   Almost reluctantly, I pulled my wet, musky-smelling fingers out of Lisa's
delightful little slit and put my arms under Sarah's slender legs, unlocking
them from around me and sliding them up onto my shoulders. I was going to show
the horny little girl what fucking was really like.

   I could feel the smoothness of the skin of her calves against my neck as I
put my hands down and supported myself on the floor over her. Sarah's legs
angled back and her pussy tilted up as I started slamming my cock into the
young girl again. In this position I was fucking almost straight down into the
youngster and my cock rubbed hard over her clit arousing her even more quickly.
I practically bounced up and down on her and with each hard inward thrust of my
cock the breath hissed from her.

   Harder and harder I fucked her, each time throwing the weight of my body
into the young girl, the base of my cock almost smashing against her pleasure
button with each stroke of my shaft. Her head was turned to the side, eyes
closed, as the constant barrage of pleasure built between her legs and spread
throughout her body, finally exploding in her head.

   I could feel her body begin to tense as her orgasm built, and knew she was
going to cum. So was I. I watched her mouth open in a silent scream as her
fingers grabbed at the carpet on the floor. The contraction in my balls told me
I was going to shoot into her. Her legs squeezed together, her body went rigid,
and she groaned as the climax overwhelmed the fourteen-year-old girl, sending
her to a height of sexual pleasure she'd never before experienced.

   As she came, I pushed deeply down into her a final time, grunted, and threw
my head back as the first shock of my orgasm jolted my head. I could feel every
contraction and spasm of my cock as I shot cum repeatedly into her tight little
cunt, filling her insides with my cream. We seemed frozen together, Sarah's
body bent nearly in half as we enjoyed the tremendously intense wave of sexual
pleasure that surged through our connected bodies.

   As our orgasms began to subside, I moved backwards and felt Sarah's legs
begin to relax and unfold from around my neck, finally falling to the floor on
either side of my body, laying open and exposed. My softening cock was still
held firmly inside with her tight pussy lips.

   "That was fucking great," I sighed to no one in particular.

   Sarah hadn't moved much. She seemed completely overcome by her first orgasm.
I gently backed away from her, my softened cock pulling out of her, releasing a
small stream of white cream from her pussy. She lay still, her breathing deep
and even, eyes closed and legs laying open.

   I sat back against the front of the couch and Lisa came over, settling down
next to me. She pulled my mouth to hers and we kissed. I ran my hands over her
soft, naked young body, enjoying the feel of her smooth, unblemished skin.
Young girls like this have a special feel about them that's hard to describe.
Young, smooth, innocent and, at the same time, charged with sexual energy.

   We broke our kiss as we heard Sarah begin to stir. She pulled her legs
together and opened her eyes, that far-away 'just fucked' look in her eyes. She
smiled as she looked at us.

   "I've never felt anything like that before," she purred.

   "You've had your first sexual orgasm," I said "and you got it from fucking a
guy. That's not the only way. The two of you can give each other orgasms by
finger-fucking each other, or doing other things, too. You can also masturbate
and do yourself. Some time you should experiment a little," I suggested.

   I explained all this while I caressed Lisa's full, young breasts, pulling at
her nipples with my fingers, and running my other hand over her round behind.

   "I can tell Lisa wants to fuck, too, but most guys have to wait a little
while to recharge their balls before they can fuck again. Besides, it's time
the two of you got home. Why don't you come over tomorrow afternoon and we can
have some more fun?"

   The girls eagerly agreed and, reluctantly, began to get dressed. I sat and
watched them, admiring their full, young bodies in the dim light, my cock
already beginning to stir as I thought about the next day.


                 JHNS-3-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 5/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 3 -- part 1

   It was several days before I saw Traci again. I was working in the shed when
I heard a knock and saw her standing in the doorway, dressed much like she had
been the last time: barefoot, wearing tight, dusty jeans and a tube-top around
her small, barely visible breast mounds.

   She came in and we sat down on the old mattress that sat on some boxes in
the corner, eager to tell me about the last several days. Following our
afternoon of sex play, she'd gone home excited about trying some things with
her brothers. Casual sexual touching between the young kids was commonplace,
but the horny little girl was now ready for more pleasurable activities.

   She told me that night, after supper, her mother had gone out with a
boyfriend and Traci knew she wouldn't be back until late; sometimes not until
the next day. The two brothers were busy watching a movie on TV when Traci went
into her bedroom and changed into the clothes she normally wore to bed: a long
T-shirt that hung down slightly below her behind and barely covered her firm
little ass. Then, she put on an especially small pair of yellow bikini panties
that barely covered the small patch of curly pubic hair that grew up from her
mound.

   She walked around the house for a while dressed like this, hoping to excite
her brothers so they'd do sex things to her, but the two boys were so
interested in their movie they didn't seem to notice her at all. A little
disappointed, she went upstairs to her bedroom and laid down on her small
single bed, the moon dimly lighting the room as she lay there, thinking about
the pleasures of the past afternoon. The warm, tickle feeling between her legs
began to build as she thought about the fun she'd had and how good it had felt.
She knew she wanted to do it a lot more.

   Traci didn't know how long she lay there, but the sound of her bedroom door
opening brought her out of her erotic, dreamy state. She saw her older brother,
Jeff, slip quietly into her bedroom, pushing the door shut behind him.

   The young boy was wearing the thin, long-legged cotton pajama bottoms both
of her brothers usually wore to bed. Because it was a warm summer night he
wasn't wearing the top, and the boy was naked from the waist up.

   She knew that neither of her brothers wore any underwear underneath their
pajamas, either, and the young girl could see the head of his already hard,
slender cock jutting up against the baggy front of his pajama bottoms, making
the flap bulge out. Even in the dim light she could see the young boy's
cockhead swing slightly back and forth as he came towards her from across the
room. It was a sexy sight, and the horny little twelve-year-old girl licked her
lips with anticipation, her eyes focused on his loins as the boy approached her
bed.

   Jeff sat down on the edge of the bed next to her legs, his erect prick
sticking straight up between his legs, the dark outline clearly visible through
the light, thin cotton material. Traci was surprised she'd never noticed it
before when he came into her room to fool around with her. Of course, she was
more educated now.

   Without a word her brother reached out and lightly caressed her slender leg
around her knee. Traci knew, from their previous experiences together, that he
liked to touch her for a moment before he finally began to do the things she
secretly hoped and wanted him to do to her. Soon, the boy slowly slid his hand
up along the inside of her inner thigh, pushing her T-shirt up until his
fingers made contact with her pussy mound through her tiny yellow bikini
panties.

   Traci felt the delicious contact and moved her legs several inches farther
apart, making room for the boy to do pleasant things to her. Neither of the
kids said a word in the half-darkness as Jeff touched and caressed his little
sister. When the area of her crotch opened, the young boy turned his hand and
moved the edge of his finger slowly up and down along her pussy slit, his
little sister's panties sinking down into her already moistening cleft as he
rubbed his hand back and forth over her cunt. He loved doing sexy things like
this to his little sister and was always a little surprised that she so
willingly let him play with her pussy. She must really like it, he thought.
God, I sure love doin' it to her.

   Traci lay quietly on her back on the bed, her eyes closed and her thighs
apart as she focused on the wonderfully warm, pleasurable sensations her
brother created between her legs. She was glad she had a brother who liked to
do things to her like this and wasn't afraid.

   After a few minutes of just rubbing her slippery sex slit through her
panties, Jeff reached over, put both hands on her hips, and hooked his fingers
under the elastic waistband of her bikini underwear. He rolled them down her
slim girlish hips and off her feet, dropping them on the floor next to the bed.
As he started to pull her panties down, he felt his little sister lift her
behind so he could more easily slip them off and play with her pussy. Her
eagerness to participate in their sex play always made things more exciting.

   Now naked from the waist down, her T-shirt bunched up around her waist,
Traci moved her legs apart even more and raised her knees slightly up and out,
inviting and wanting his fingers to play with the soft folds of her nearly
hairless pussy lips and make her feel so good.

   The fourteen-year-old boy reached over with his right hand and cupped her
little cunt, petting her a little, the soft, curly fuzz tickling the palm of
his hand. Finally, he slid his middle finger up and down through the narrow
cleft, his fingers feeling the slippery wetness beginning to flow. Using just
the tip, he found her sweet fuck hole and ran his finger around the rim,
enjoying the wet, tight sensation of her inner pussy lips as they gripped
around his finger. Then, he plunged his finger into her, grinning at his little
sister's moan. God, she loves this, he thought.

   As he finally pushed his middle finger down deep inside her, finger-fucking
the little girl, Traci lifted her right hand and lightly touched his leg.
Before he knew what was happening, she had run her hand up onto her brother's
lap and was pulling on his small cockhead with her finger tips as it poked up
against the front of his pajamas. Even through the thin cotton material, Traci
could feel the sculpted ridge around tip of the boy's cock and the dampness
from his juice coating the tip.

   A little surprised at first, the fourteen-year-old boy stopped
finger-fucking his little sister at the sudden contact, then renewed his
efforts as he felt Traci slid her fingers up and down the top half of his hard,
pulsing cock. He had always hoped he could get her to do this some day. He
really liked playing with his little sister's pussy, pushing his finger up into
her tight fuck hole and doing dirty things to her, but he never quite knew how
she'd react if he asked her to play with his cock.

   The horny little girl boldly wrapped her hand around her brother's prick and
squeezed the sexy staff, enjoying the special feel of the smoothness and the
hardness, feeling extremely sexy as she played with him, especially knowing it
was her brother. She could feel the pulsing veins as she lightly stroked the
boy's erect shaft through his pajama bottoms. Jeff spread his legs more apart
and the young girl ran her hand down his hard length feeling, through the
crotch of his pajamas, the soft sac of his balls hanging down. The young boy
groaned with delight as she gently rolled his balls through her little fingers.

   Her brother's fingers were very busy, too, as they quickly slipped in and
out of her cunt, the oily wetness of her pussy juice running down her slit. His
hand bumped up against her sensitive clit with each deep stroke of his middle
finger, sending little shocks of pleasure through her body and making her more
hot and horny. The delicious tickle became a wonderfully intense glow, then a
fire, burning between her thighs. She only wished it was his cock and not his
fingers that were plunging in and out of her.

   Wanting to feel his naked cock, Traci sat up a little, reached over to his
lap with both of her hands, and found the flap at the front of his pajamas with
her fingers. She quickly pulled apart the two snaps on the fly and lifted the
opening up and over his erect cock, letting the boy's slender, throbbing shaft
slide out, hard and exposed. She heard her brother grunt with pleasure as her
small hand closed around the velvety throbbing shaft again. Her fingers lightly
grazed up and down over the soft, smooth naked skin of his cock as it jutted up
so firmly from between his legs.

   She looked up at Jeff, her fingers caressing his hard length as she
gleefully played with her older brother's cock for the first time.

   "Do you want to fuck me? I'll let you..." she said, softly, her fingers
working their magic on her brother's short swollen shaft.

   "Would you...really? I mean..... I've wanted to do it..."

   Still holding tightly to her brother's cock, Traci reached under her pillow
with her free hand for the box of condoms I'd given her.

   "You just have to put one of these over your cock so I don't get pregnant."

    Hurriedly, Jeff stood up and unsnapped the waist band of his pajamas,
letting them fall to the floor. His naked, slender, nearly hairless young body
was silhouetted in the dim moonlight as her stood next to her bed, his shaft
pulsing slightly as it stood out at an angle from between his legs. Quickly
tearing open the small package and unwrapping the condom, he rolled it down
over his cock and moved up on her bed. His hard member wobbled slightly back
and forth as he climbed up onto the mattress, and his breath was rapid in
anticipation of pleasures to come.

   He wasn't a virgin; the boy had already fucked six or seven girls he knew
from junior high school. Two seventh grade girls, Tanya and Tiffany, nearly
identical twin sisters, seemed especially eager to drop their panties and open
their legs for any boy brave enough to ask them, and he'd already balled one of
the little sluts several times. But, though he'd been having fun playing with
his sister's pussy for about a year now, and admiring her developing body, he
never imagined that they would take this last forbidden step. Even now, he
couldn't believe his sexy little sister was going to let him fuck her.

   Traci sat up in her bed and pulled her T-shirt over her head, wanting to be
completely naked like her brother. She lay back down as she felt Jeff crawl
onto the bed beside her. Putting her hands on the back of her legs, she raised
her legs and pulled her knees back and apart, opening her thighs. The young boy
knelt between them, his small sheath-covered cock thrusting out from between
his loins as he grazed lustily down at the fuzz-covered opening of his sister's
little cunt.

   Putting his hands on either side of her body, he lay over the girl and
lowered his hips, his throbbing little prick searching for the entrance to his
sister's fuck hole. Traci was horny and really wanted to fuck, and she quickly
reached down with her right hand, grasped his length and guided his sex rod
into her snatch. The little girl felt the tip wedge itself in between the outer
lips of her pussy and let go of the warm, pulsing shaft, her hand grabbing her
knee again, pulling them apart.

   Jeff felt the warm tightness as his cockhead separated the elastic tightness
of her pussy folds and instinctively thrust his hips forward, the length of his
cock easily pushing deeply into his little sister's already wet, slippery cunt.

   God, she felt so incredibly good. The intense shock of pleasure as the first
thrust buried his cock in the young girl's gripping pussy exploded in his head
and he couldn't help the groan of pleasure that sounded from his lips.
Immediately wanting to feel it again, he drew his prick out and stroked back
into her again and again, each movement seeming more intense, more pleasurable
than the last, the fucking especially sweet because it was his willing, eager
little sister's pussy he was shafting his cock into.

   "Mmmmm.... feels so good...." the horny little girl murmured encouragingly
as her big brother began to pump his shaft rapidly into her. As her brother's
cock begin to slide in and out between her legs, that warm, tingling feeling
quickly began to grow with each thrust. She wrapped her short, slender legs
around his thighs, locking her ankles behind his ass and pulling him into her.
Reaching above her, she pulled her pillow up under her head, and the young
twelve-year-old girl looked down between her raised, open legs and watched her
brother's shaft sink in and out of her fuck hole again and again. It not only
felt great, but, God, it looked so sexy, too.

   The two young kids reveled in sexual pleasure as they fucked like two horny
little animals, sweating and grunting with each sharp, deep penetration of the
boy's cock into the little girl's wonderful tightly-gripping pussy. They were
lost in the discovery of young sex: new, innocent and uncomplicated, forbidden,
and immensely pleasurable. The only important thing was making each other feel
good. Their senses were dominated by the intense sexual fire building between
their legs, their minds completely unaware of anything else. "God, I love to
fuck..." he heard his sister whisper to no one in particular as she lay
underneath him, her head turned to the side and her eyes closed as her mind
seemed to float in a sexual haze.

   Lost in his own sexual trance, Jeff's slender boyish hips pumped continually
up and down as he thrust his cock faster and faster in and out of his little
sister's warm, wet pussy. He couldn't believe how good it felt; he couldn't
believe he was actually fucking his twelve-year-old little sister. The young
boy only hoped she would let him do her like this often.

   Suddenly, almost without warning, that strange, melting feeling seemed to
rush over him as he came. Bright light seemed to explode in his head and he
felt his cock twitch and shoot inside the condom, his shaft pulsing as it
spewed it's thick cream. A warm wetness spread over his prick and he stopped
moving inside his sister's pussy as intense waves of pleasure washed over him.
He felt himself biting his lower lip to keep from crying out from the
incredible feelings filling his body.

   Traci felt her brother's cock jerk and shoot inside her and she smiled,
knowing the pleasure she had helped him experience. She could feel the muscles
of her pussy pulling at his cock as he climaxed, and hoped he would want to
fuck her again and again. It sure felt good.

   "Was that fun?" she asked her brother as he lay next to her, later, his cock
a small, sticky, shriveled mass.

   "It was great. Where did you learn to do this?" he wanted to know.

   "Somewhere.." she teased.

   "Will you let me...I mean, can we...you know, do it again, tomorrow?"

   "It feels good, don't it," she said, excitedly. "We can fuck any time you
want, except during my period. You just have to make sure you wear one of those
condoms. God, I love doin' it; and I wanna have Robby fuck me, too. I wonder
what his cock is like... But don't tell Mom, OK? She won't let us do it if she
found out..."

   Jeff left his sister's room and went back to the room he shared with his
brother, still a little light-headed from his orgasm and eagerly anticipating
the fun to come, now that his nubile step-sister was so willing to spread her
legs for them. Traci had given him the box of condoms so he would be prepared
whenever they were "in the mood".

   When he woke the next morning he looked at the clock and knew his mom had
already gone to work. Jeff could hear his younger brother still asleep on the
bunk below him. He lay in bed for a few minutes, his cock already stiff from
dreaming about the previous night with his sister. He slid his hand over the
long, hard lump in the front of his cotton pajama bottoms, caressing himself as
he thought of the pleasures he'd experienced. God, he was horny and he went
looking for his sexy little sister.

   He checked her bedroom and found it empty. Walking to the top of the stairs
he could hear sound and movement downstairs and knew it was Traci.

   Downstairs Traci was already in the kitchen putting away dishes that had
been washed the night before. Jeff peaked around the doorway and watched her
reach up and put things in the cupboard. She'd put her panties back on and, as
she lifted her arms, her T-shirt would ride up and expose the little white
triangle of the tiny bikini panties that seemed to barely cover her shapely
little ass. He watched the sexy little girl as she moved around the kitchen,
her panties bunched up in the deep crack of her exciting ass and the mound of
her pussy cleft clearly visible through the nearly transparent material of her
underwear. His hard, little prick twitched and throbbed inside his pajama
bottoms, pushing out the light cotton material like a tent pole, drops of juice
making a round wet spot on the front.

   Reaching down, the boy quietly unsnapped the front opening and pulled his
prick out through the flap, letting it sit up tall and straight. Stroking it
lightly with his fingers, he continued peer around the corner of the doorway
and watch his little sister move about unaware of his gaze, her innocent
sexuality making him breath harder, faster. His fist slipped up and down his
hard little cock, stimulating himself, drops of pre-cum juice bubbling out of
the little hole at the tip.

   Quickly, he ran back up to his room and pulled a condom over his prick,
letting it stick out and sway back and forth through the flap in front of him
as he walked back to the kitchen. Traci was standing next to the kitchen table,
her back to the boy, and he moved up quietly behind her.

   She had been aware of him watching her earlier, and made sure to show off as
much of her sexy body as she could hoping he would get excited and fuck her
again. Now, she felt his hands come around her from behind and grab her small
developing breast mounds, gently pinching the tiny little nipples through her
thin T-shirt and sending little jolts of pleasure immediately down between her
legs. She could feel the electric tingles and the wetness start to flow.

   With both hands Jeff cupped her slight little breasts from behind. He knew
that girls really liked to have boys play with their tits and their nipples.
The previous school year he'd gone out with a couple of eighth grade girls who
had to help his fumbling fingers unhook their bras before he learned that girls
almost expected it; that it was as common as kissing. Most junior high girls
were proud of their breast development and were disappointed if a boy didn't
try to squeeze and play with them.

   As the boy rolled and pulled at her excited nipples with his finger tips, he
pressed his hips forward and ran the length of his hard, condom-covered shaft
up and down against the deep, narrow crack of her ass, enjoying the slippery
feel of her panties bunched up inside the deep crack of her round little behind
on his loins.

   The horny twelve-year-old girl suddenly bent forward at the waist and lay
across the kitchen table, resting on her elbows and shifting her slim, pale
legs slightly apart. She really liked the feel of her brother's cock as it ran
up and down through the cleft of her behind, but she wanted more. She wanted to
feel his cock penetrate her cunt opening and fill her up inside with it's
thickness. She turned her head and looked back at the boy.

   "Mmmmm....that feels good....why don't you take my panties off."

   The boy pushed her T-shirt up over her back and eagerly reached for the
elastic waistband, tugging the thin, little bikinis down her slender girlish
thighs. He let them fall and they lay around her ankles. Traci shifted her feet
farther apart, her panties stretching out as they pulled around her ankles. She
turned her head and looked back at him, his condom-covered cock sticking out
the front flap of his cotton pajama bottoms.

   "You gonna fuck me?" she asked her big brother with a horny smile, her
T-shirt pushed up and over her back.

   It was an incredibly sexy sight as she lay bent over the table before him,
her slender young body naked from the waist down and her bare feet spread as
far apart as the panties stretched between her ankles would allow.

   "You want me too?"

   "Sure...you can do me anytime you want..." She liked the bold, brazen sound
of the sex words. It made her feel so dirty, so sexy, so grown-up.

   With his right hand Jeff first reached down and caressed her smooth,
flawless, little-girl ass, running his hand down between her open thighs and
slipping his middle finger into the moist, pink opening of her pussy. He
finger-fucked his little sister for a minute, the excitement and wetness
building quickly with the movement of his middle finger as it plunged in and
out of her cunt from behind.

   The twelve-year-old girl moaned quietly as his fingers manipulated her
swollen pussy lips and slid in and out of her always horny fuck hole. God, I
love having her pussy played with. It feels so good...., she thought as she
wiggled her round little as back against the boy's pleasuring hand.

   After a moment, Jeff pulled his wet fingers out of the little girl, moved
forward, and pushed his cock down with his hand, angling toward her small,
pink, wet pussy opening. Already he could smell the musky scent of her cunt
juice and body sweat, the odor of sex. He watch his cockhead press against her
cleft and slip past the rubbery outer lips before he felt the warm tickling
tightness as her cunt closed around the tip of his smooth, hard shaft.

   Grabbing her slender waist and leaning toward her, he pushed slowly, but
firmly, forward with his hips and slid into his sister's cunt a little ways.
Pulling back, he held her waist with both hands and stroked back and forth
several times into her. Each time his prick moved another inch farther into the
girl, until he finally sank his throbbing shaft up to the hilt, burying his
horny cock inside his twelve-year-old little sister's cunt from behind.

   God, it felt even better than the previous night as her tight pussy opening
gripped the base of his cock in an elastic ring. Looking down, he could see the
base of his cock sticking out of the open flap of his pajama bottoms and only
the beginning of his hard shaft where it disappeared completely into her sex
hole. He liked the feel of the warm skin of her round, naked ass through the
thin material of his pajamas as the front of his thighs pressed hard up against
her firm, round little ass.

   Right away, he put his hands on the table on either side of Traci, lay over
her back, and began thrusting in and out of her, wanting to reach that point of
explosion and feel the ecstatic release of orgasm throughout his body. Quickly
he plunged his shaft in and out of her tight girl opening, fucking the
youngster from behind as she lay across the table underneath him. God, it felt
so good, but he wanted to make it last and, after a minute, he slowed down, not
wanting to shoot too soon.

   Standing up a little, he again looked down at his little sister laying
across the table as he fucked her from behind, admiring her young form and
still not quite believing that she was so willing to let him fuck her like
this. All he knew was his little sister's warm pussy felt so good, so tight, as
it enveloped his length, squeezing and pulling at his cock as it moved in and
out of her.

   Traci loved being fucked from behind like this. It seemed so dirty...so
sexy. It also felt extra good this way, especially knowing it was her
fourteen-year-old brother doing her, and the glow that was quickly growing in
her loins told her she was going to cum soon. She could hear Jeff grunting and
groaning behind her and feel his hot breath on her neck as he pumped into her
from behind. His weight pinned her to the table as his cock slammed into pussy
again and again, and she could feel the material of his pajama bottoms slide
across her bare ass each time he fucked into her to the hilt.

   "Fuck me, Jeff, fuck me...Oh, God, yes.." she encouraged as she lay beneath
him.

   "What's going on?" a new and tiny voice said.

   "Your brother's fucking me," answered Traci as she turned her head and
looked at her other brother, Robby, standing next to the pair. "Last night I
let him fuck me for the first time and now he's doing it again. God, it feels
so good..."

   Robby had gotten up and come down stairs just a few minutes earlier. He'd
seen his older brother standing behind his step-sister, had seen her lean down
across the table, and had watched as his brother pulled Traci's panties down
and shoved his cock up into that girl hole between his sister's legs.

   He knew about that special place from the times he and his brother went into
her room and rubbed their hands between her legs. Sometimes, she even let him
pull her panties down and poke his finger up into her pussy. That was really
fun and seemed so dirty and exciting. She said she really liked it and said it
felt good and told him he could do it to her whenever he wanted. He knew it
made his prick get really hard, too, sometimes almost uncomfortable, and after
he'd played with his sister's pussy the eleven-year-old boy would often go back
to his room, unsnap his pants and feel himself, stroking his small, erect cock
with his hand. His fingers felt really good as they slipped up and down his
hardness, but he'd never had an orgasm.

   He also knew about sex and stuff like that from other kids and from seeing
some sexy magazines, but watching it actually being done in front of him like
this was all new to him, especially considering it was his brother and sister
that were doing it.

   He was a little shocked, yet strangely excited. His normally smallish,
withered cock had grown longer and hard inside his pajamas, like it got
whenever he fingered Traci's pussy or saw dirty pictures.

   "God, this feels good..." he heard his sister say as Jeff grunted behind
her.

   Licking his dry lips, Robby continued to watch the torrid scene as his
twelve-year-old sister lay across the kitchen table, her T-shirt up, over her
back and her little round, pale behind sticking out. He could see his brother's
cock sticking out through the front flap of his pajamas and moving in and out
of his little sister's pussy as his hips moved rapidly back and forth. As he
stepped closer to watch he could even see the moist cunt hole between her legs
covered with a light, blond fur, now matted and wet with her pussy juice as the
two kids eagerly engaged in teeny sex. His own cock felt funny.

   "Hey, Robby, wanna fuck her, too, when I'm done?"

   Traci turned her head and looked back at the younger brother, her eyes
glassy with young lust.

   "Yeah, Robby, do me...fuck me, OK?"

   "..Yeah..OK" the little boy responded, definitely interested, but not quite
sure what the whole thing was about.

   "Go into the bedroom and grab the box of condoms in my sock drawer. Pull one
over your prick and come back for the ride of your life," Jeff told him,
grinning from ear to ear with excitement, momentarily slowing, but never
stopping, his thrusts into his horny little sister.

   After a minute Robby returned naked, his small, hard condom-covered cock
sticking out from between his legs, his short, soft, young body nearly
hairless. The boy wasn't as big or as tall as his brother. In fact, he wasn't
even quite as tall as Traci so his cock wasn't very big. But it certainly was
straight and hard as he stood next to his older brother closely watching the
lusty sight.

   "She feels so good, so tight..." he heard his brother say, his hips moving
faster and faster as the sensations grew between his legs to the point of
explosion. "Oh, fuck, I'm gonna to cum...Oh, God..."

   Jeff threw a couple more hard strokes into the girl, then held himself hard
against her warm, shapely ass, his cock spewing inside the condom covering.
Groaning, he lay over his sister's back as his balls pumped spurt after spurt
of cream out of his shaft. When his climax began to subside he stepped back,
pulling his softening cock out of his sister's cunt.

   But Traci hadn't cum yet.

   "Hurry up, Robby, do me....I want to cum, and I'm almost there, I can feel
it..."

   The younger brother stepped forward, guessing what to do, tilted his
cockhead down toward her moist, pink sex opening and pushed forward,
immediately sliding into her all the way. The sudden warm tightness made him
gasp as he immediately sank deeply into her tight, wet pussy. He'd never felt
anything like this before.

   Grabbing his sister by the hips he copied his older brother's movements, his
hips moving slowly forward and back as his shaft moved in and out of the sex
hole between his sister's legs.

   "Oh, Robby, ...feels sooo...good...mmm..." she moaned as the young
eleven-year-old boy pumped faster behind her, his small, hard cock seeming to
stab her juicy fuck hole as the boy, driven by the power of young lust, fucked
a girl for the first time; a girl who just happened to be his sister.

   Robby's small cock slipped quickly in and out through his sister's tight,
wet sex opening, the pleasure of first-time fucking washing over his entire
body. He felt like he was floating in a strange sexual haze, his body
controlled by the tremendously pleasurable sensations centered between his
legs.

   "Harder, Robby harder....I'm almost there...." his nubile sister encouraged
as she lay across the table underneath him as the little boy's cock pounded
into her horny pussy from behind.

    It was only a couple of more seconds before Robby suddenly grunted and felt
the over-powering flash of indescribable pleasure as his orgasm hit him. It was
an entirely new sensation, one he'd never felt before: incredible pleasure
shooting up from his loins and exploding in his head as the hot wetness of his
cum shot out into the latex covering over his prick. Instinctively, he pushed
his hips forward against the warm smoothness of Traci's ass, groaning again, as
each pulse of his prick sent more cream into the covering over his shaft. He'd
never felt anything so good, and knew he wanted to experience it again and
again.

   Traci could feel the spasms of his orgasm inside her cunt and came too, her
body suddenly going tense as the climax swept up from between her thighs and
exploded in her head with intense sexual pleasure. She cried out in a little
whimpering sound, her eyes closed tightly in pleasure and joy as her pussy lips
and cunt muscles clenched tightly around her brother's small cock, still
penetrating her from behind.

   Traci grinned wickedly as she told me how the three young kids hardly left
the house the rest of the day. She walked around the house dressed in small,
sexy halter top and a very short jean skirt that just barely covered her ass.
To make having sex easier she didn't wear any panties, and her brothers wore
their usual pair of jeans without their usual underwear. Dressed like this, the
kids could quickly fuck whenever the mood struck them; and it struck them
often.

   Like horny little animals the youngsters coupled so casually, so naturally.
Traci eagerly unzipped their pants, pulled out their cocks, slipped a condom
over them, and sat on the velvety shafts, riding them until their pricks pulsed
and spurted inside her. Sometimes, she'd lay on the floor, her jean skirt
bunched up around her slender waist and her short, thin legs wrapped tightly
around their pumping behinds, spurring them on as each of the boys fucked her
several times over the course of the day.

   The young, sexually inexperienced boys came pretty fast, but were able to
get recharged in a hurry, and they almost never seemed to be without a big,
hard lump pushing out the front of their jeans. It was the start of a new kind
of family activity, and the sexually turned-on kids loved it.
 

                 JHNS-3-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 6/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 3 -- part 2

   I sensed that Traci enjoyed telling me about her new found sexual appetite
as we sat in the shed talking. She would laugh and giggle, her face filled with
lusty horniness as she described the sexy scenes and the fun she was having
with her brothers.

   My own cock throbbed stiffly in my pants as I listened, aroused by the
thoughts of these young kids fucking with such wild abandon.

   "I'm really horny from listening to you. Let's have some fun."

   "Mmmm...yummy.." she said with a grin.

   Traci jumped up and pulled her jeans down. She wasn't wearing any panties.
After slipping out of my own jeans I pulled her over to the old mattress in the
corner. We laid down together, I on my back and Traci on her side next to me.
She immediately wrapped her fingers around my cock and began to stroke my shaft
with her little hand, the tips of her fingers lightly grazing over my sensitive
cockhead and spreading the drops of juice dribbling from the little hole over
the tip.

   "You're a lot bigger than my brothers," she said, looking down and watching
her hand move lightly up and down my prick. "That's why I really like to have
you fuck me; it feels even better."

   "You ready to try something new?" I asked.

   She nodded.

   "Use your mouth on my cock."

   She looked puzzled for a few seconds, then smiled and turned her upper body
away from me, leaning over my hips. I felt her long blond hair pool over my
thighs as her head moved down, then the warm wetness of her mouth engulfed the
head of my cock.

   "Be careful not to use your teeth," I gasped, as the sheer sexiness of
having this horny little twelve-year-old girl's mouth on my cock sent shock
waves through my head.

   Reaching down with my hands, I gently grasped her head and began to move it
up and down a little. She soon got the picture. Before I knew it, her head was
bobbing up and down on it's own as she took about half of my cock into her
sweet little mouth, then pulled up, her tight, wet lips pulling and sucking on
my shaft.

   "Use your tongue on the head...yeah, now run it down, along the underneath
side...oh, God, you're good...such a sweet fucking little mouth..."

   Instinctively, she brought her hand up and grasped the base of my cock,
holding it upright as her mouth sank lower and lower with each up and down
motion. I could feel her tongue slipping around the head and tracing the ridge
of tip of my cock. Juices from her mouth dribbled down the length of my prick,
letting my cock slide easily in and out.

   Wanting to have some fun myself, I reached around and ran my hands over her
small, shapely behind, enjoying the feel of those firm, naked little globes and
the smoothness of the back of her thighs. Feeling me reach for her, Traci
turned and scooted her hips closer so she was laying on her stomach beside me,
her lips sealed around my cock. I slipped my hand up and down through the crack
of her ass, caressing her puckered little asshole with my finger tips each time
I passed over that sensitive area.

   She groaned a little, even with her mouth wrapped around my shaft, and
spread her legs apart even more. Gradually, I worked my fingers farther and
farther down through the crack of her ass and between her legs, finally
plunging my middle finger into her already moist little pussy slit.

   As she sucked my cock I finger-fucked the sexy twelve-year-old girl, letting
her get aroused not just from the sexy act of using her mouth on my cock, but
from the stimulation of her pussy and clitoris with my fingers.

   With a 'pop' she pulled her mouth off my shaft for a minute, looked at me,
and grinned a dirty, lewd grin.

   "This is fun..it tastes so good..and feels so dirty. I can't wait to do this
to my brothers. Mmmmm...that feels nice, too...makes me even hornier..," she
said as she wiggled her ass back against my probing fingers.

   "Use your hand along with your mouth," I coached, two of my fingers slipping
in and out of her pussy. "Move your fist up and down and jack me off...yeah,
that's nice.."

   My prick seemed to get harder, stiffer, with each stroke of her fingers and
mouth up and down my slippery shaft. Her little mouth and hands were traveling
up and down the length of my prick together, sucking and jacking me off at the
same time.

   God, I loved the feel of her round little ass cheeks and the elastic folds
of her wet pussy slit as I played with them with my fingers. It was incredibly
arousing to think about all of the sexual things I was able to do with this
willing young girl. I grew more and more turned on and decided to try something
new with her. Using my middle finger, I slid the tip up over her puckered
asshole and back into her pussy several times, getting the area ready. When it
was oily with her cunt juice I pushed my middle finger against her butt
opening, turning it slightly back and forth as I pushed firmly against the
opening. I felt the initial resistance begin to give away and the tip of my
finger finally slipped up into the tightness of her asshole.

   I didn't know how she would react to this penetration. She didn't say
anything, but when I felt her little ass pushing back against my finger,
pushing herself onto the shaft to get more into her, I knew she liked the
feeling. When about half of my finger was imbedded in her behind I pulled it
out slowly, then pushed it back up inside her, letting her get used to the
sensation of being finger-fucked in the ass for the first time.

   Traci's mouth and fist had only paused an instant as this sexy new sensation
burned in her behind and her loins, making her little pink pussy tingle and
moisten like never before. She moaned with renewed passion, and her hand and
mouth licked and sucked at my cock as my fingers played between her legs. One
of my finger's was up her ass and another in her pussy, both moving slowly in
and out together, masturbating each of her sensitive holes, sending her higher
and higher into erotic ecstasy.

   I began to feel the familiar contraction of my balls as they got ready to
shoot. I knew I would cum hard, intensely aroused by this twelve-year-old girl
laying over me, enthusiastically sucking my cock as I fingered the openings
between her legs. I could feel her round, little ass humping enthusiastically
forward and back with each in and out movement of my fingers, and I slipped my
thumb down over her clit, rubbing that little ball and making her cum.

   Lifting her mouth off my shaft and throwing her head back she cried out,
making a final big push backwards trying to sink my manipulating fingers as
deeply as possible into her spasming holes. I could feel her cumming on my
fingers, her inside muscles clenching my fingers, and I was pushed over the
edge into my own orgasm.

   Her fingers continued to slip up and down as my cock fired shot after shot
up into the air, my hot cream mostly splashing down onto her hand as it held my
shaft upright. The pressure of her fingers seemed to send me even higher, my
entire being centered in the burst of incredible pleasure in my loins.

   Together we paused a moment and enjoyed the waves of sensual arousal washing
over us. I gently pulled my fingers out of her pussy and asshole, caressing her
behind again, unable to take my hands off this erotic young girl's body.

   "Mmmm...that was nice," she purred. "I made you cum with my mouth, didn't I.
That was fun. Will you let me do you like that again sometime?"

   "Any time you want, baby, anytime," I murmured contentedly as I stroked her
smooth, young body. "I'm sure your brothers would enjoy having you do it to
them, too."

   "Oh, God, yeah...won't they be surprised," she grinned, "and that felt so
good, what you did to me.....you know, finger-fucking me in the ass. I didn't
know you could do that, or that it'd feel so good. I hope I can get one of my
brothers to do it to me."

    I found some clean rags and let her wipe my cum off her hand and arm. We
lay together on our sides on the old mattress in the dimly lighted shed facing
each other and talking, our hands roaming freely over each others' bodies,
touching and caressing, finding the secret pleasure places. I told her about
the girls next door and the things we'd been doing. Traci said she found it
exciting to listen to me describe the sexual adventures I'd been having with
them.

   "One of these days we'll have to get you and your brothers to come over here
and have some fun together. I know the girls would love to have someone fuck
them a lot. They're new to sex and really eager to learn. And I'm sure your
brothers wouldn't mind fucking some other girls, too."

   Her small hands casually fondled by softened cock as we talked, her fingers
stroking and playing with my balls. Sometimes, she would pull at the ridge
around cockhead with the tips of her fingers, and little shivers of pleasure
shot through my body as I felt her feel and caress me. Soon, my shaft began to
respond to her touch and slowly began to grow and harden again, aroused by the
horny little girl's attention.

   As Traci lay on her side next to me she let her smooth, slender legs lay
open, her thighs apart, eager for me to play with her sex. My fingers were
continually busy between them, moving slowly, caressing back and forth over her
sweet and sexy pussy. I loved the feel of her nearly hairless little cunt as my
fingers played over the puffy lips of her pussy and slipped back and forth
through her slimy little slit, sometimes sinking deep into her sweet girl hole.
I made gentle circles in the smooth skin in the crease of her thighs, sometimes
cupping her wonderful little pubic mound with my palm as I plunged a finger
into her warm wetness. Young girls like this have cunts that seem so fresh, so
new, and Traci's was so tight and sexy. And now it was getting so wet as I
fingered this horny little girl.

   The sexual tension between us quickly grew again, and when I finally
couldn't stand it any longer, I pushed the slender twelve-year-old girl over on
her back, rolling with her. Automatically, her legs parted as my larger body
fell between them. Putting my hands on the mattress on either side of her, I
held my upper body over her. I looked down between our legs and could see my
stiffened cock laying on the softness of her lower belly where the light, fuzzy
triangle of soft, curly hair was beginning to form.

   "Put me inside you," I said, softly.

   Traci reached down with both her hands and grasped my pole, pushing it down
and positioning the tip at the entrance to her cunt. She took her time, letting
the smooth palms of both her small hands slide several times over the velvety
soft skin of my cock, obviously enjoying the feel of my prick in her hands and
making me even harder. Several times she slid her fingers back along the sides
of my balls and around the base of my cock, caressing the skin with the tips of
her fingers and running her fingers through the crease of my thighs. She looked
up at my face to see my reaction, and grinned. I couldn't help groaning at the
wonderful feelings of pleasure this sexy young girl was creating between my
legs. God, she knew how to turn a guy on.

   Finally, when I felt the tip enter the warm wetness of her slit, I thrust
forward with my hips, shafting into the hot tightness of her cunt immediately
and completely, so eager to be inside this hot and horny little twelve-year-old
girl. I felt her short, slender legs come up around my waist and her heels
press against the small of my back as she held me tightly and deeply inside
her.

    I laid down on top of Traci, my arms sliding underneath her shoulders, her
slender, girlish body writhing in pleasure beneath me as her sweet little cunt
was filled and stretched with my hard fuck pole. My cock felt like it was
inside a tight tube lined with warm, moist velvet. She put her arms around my
neck and held me tightly against her young body, moans of delight quietly
droning in my ear as the sides of our faces lightly rubbed together.

   Finally, I began to move my hips slowly up and down. As my cock slid in and
out of her tight, wet cunt hole, Traci wrapped her legs tightly around me and
squeezed me between her thighs as she eagerly pulled me again and again into
her. I could feel her heels dig into my ass, encouraging me to fuck her, to
pump my thickness in and out of her. The grip of her nearly hairless little
pussy felt like a warm, wet mouth pulling and sucking on my shaft. God, I
wanted to fuck this horny little girl forever.

   She felt so good that, after just a few seconds, I fucked her hard and fast,
pounding my loins against her, wanting to lose myself in the sexual aura of her
desirable young body. I could feel her hard little nipples poke against my bare
chest as we held each other tightly. Her slim girlish body rocked slightly
beneath me with each collision of the base of my cock with her pubic bone as I
thrust deeply into her time and time again. I was glad I'd cum once already; I
wanted this incredible feeling to last as long as possible.

   "Oh, God, you feel so good..." I heard myself murmur, my eyes closed as I
focused on the wonderful sensations that rippled from up between my legs.

   "Mmmmm....fuck me..." she answered in a small, nearly inaudible voice, "God,
I love to fuck...."

   I slowed my movements for a moment, not wanting to cum too soon. Yet, I just
couldn't stop moving inside this sexy young girl, so I let just a couple of
inches of my prick slide slowly in and out of the gripping tightness of her
girl hole. She was so wet, so hot. My balls became damp with her juice as they
bumped against her little girl slit, the hair around my balls matted with her
sexual moisture. The pungent scent of her pussy cream mixed with the sweaty
odor of our bodies creating the smell of sex and arousing us even more.

   Forward and back I moved my hips slowly, sensuously, enjoying the intensely
erotic feeling as my cock sank through the tight elastic opening of the
twelve-year-old's pussy lips and plunged deep into her sweet, juicy sex. My
mouth was against her shoulder and I licked the smooth skin at the base of her
neck several times, her skin tasting salty and warm. God, these young girls
taste good.

   Neither of us said another word for the next several minutes as we joined
our pleasure points together in mutual sexual arousal. Now, the only sound in
the dark, musty shed was the gentle squishing of my shaft in her slimy, moist
little fuck hole and the soft moans of pleasure from each of us as we became
lost in the mutual pleasure of basic, uncomplicated sex.

   I could feel her smooth, slender legs moving around my waist almost like she
was trying to climb my body, the fire of her sexual orgasm building between her
thighs. God, it was so hard to hold back. I began to pick up the tempo again,
pulling out more before thrusting my full length back into the youngster, her
sweet, sensual body folded under me. Harder and harder our loins collided, my
throbbing, pulsing cock moving inside the wet tightness of her pussy, the
arousing odor of her cunt juices filling the air around us.

   "God, I love fucking you...you're so tight..so wet...so young.." I moaned
again, my hard sex shaft pumping rapidly in and out of her again.

   "Mmmmm..." is all I heard.

   Her moans became louder as her climax built, and I began to feel the
familiar feeling of contraction in my balls as I got ready to shoot. I didn't
want to cum, yet. I wanted to keep fucking this young twelve-year-old girl for
as long as possible; to feel the tight circle of her sweet little pussy opening
surround and grip my cock like two fingers jacking me off.

   Just as I knew I couldn't hold back any longer, I felt her slender, girlish
body convulse and shudder beneath me, her pale arms pulling tightly around my
neck and her legs clenching me between her open thighs. I fucked into her once
more just as a huge wave of pleasure swept over me and I felt my cock shoot up,
hard, into her sweet, little pussy. I pushed up tightly against her opening
with my hips, letting my prick spew it's load of cream inside her.

   Again and again my sex cream jetted into the tight warmth of her cunt. Each
spasm of my cock brought another wave of pleasure, and it seemed it would never
end. Seven, eight, nine times I felt spurts of cum shoot into her, even as my
shaft was beginning to soften. God, I don't think I'd ever cum that hard
before.

   The tight, rubbery opening of her pussy continued to hold my cock inside her
even as it began to lose it's hardness. I felt her wiggle her loins against
mine, the lingering sensations of her orgasm making her shudder again. This
horny twelve-year-old girl really loved to fuck and, God, I was glad I was
around to help satisfy her appetite.
 

                 JHNS-4-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 7/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 4 -- part 1

   I didn't see Traci for almost two weeks after that. I left for a little
vacation for a while and did some traveling. But my mind always seem to wander
back to the young girls at home. The first day home I saw Traci riding her bike
in the alley and waved as she went by and glanced at the house. She turned
around and rode into the yard, a big smile on her face. She was wearing a pair
of tight, dirty jeans and one of those 'tube tops', a strip of stretchy
material six or seven inches wide that circled her upper chest under her arms
and covered her barely raised little breast mounds. I figured we'd better go
into the shed to talk, especially if we were going to do other things. We sat
down on the musty old couch and I asked her how things were going.

   "Great," she said with a big grin as she plopped down beside me. "I turned
thirteen yesterday, so I'm a teenager now."

   "Wow, you sure look older," I said, teasing her a little. I'd heard her
mention her birthday the week before, so I'd known about it and, on my trip,
had picked something up for her that I knew she'd enjoy.

   "How are you and your brothers getting along? You still doing things with
each other?"

   "Oh, yeah," she said enthusiastically. "Me and my brothers are having a lot
of fun at home. We do things to each other practically every day, especially me
and Robby. Jeff's got a new girl friend and they do it a lot, now. But he lets
me do him with my mouth 'cause his girlfriend won't."

   "Tell me about it."

   "Well, none of us wears underwear much any more." She laughed. "It's a good
thing I do the laundry 'cuz mom'd notice it. Not wearing any underwear just
makes things a lot easier to, you know, have fun. If the boys or I get horny we
can do something about it right away. We just unzip our pants and we're ready
to go."

   "So, tell me about what you do at home."

   "Well, like some afternoons I'm sittin' in the living room watching TV and
one of the boys comes walkin' in. I can usually see he's horny 'cause he's got
this big lump pushing out against the front of his pants and a big grin on his
face. I figure he wants to have some fun." She smiled. "And I'm always ready to
have fun."

   "If I'm horny I'll just ask one of 'em to do me - they're usually more than
willing to do it. I just take my pants off and lay down on the floor.
Sometimes, they'll lay down and I'll just sit on their cocks like that and ride
'em."

   "If one of the boys is horny and he wants me to suck him off, I'll just sit
up on the edge of the chair or couch, where ever I'm sitting, and he'll stand
in front of me while I pull his zipper down. His cock pops out all hard and
stiff and I lick it for a while, then put it in my mouth. They both like it
when I use my fingers on 'em like you showed me; you know, jacking 'em off
while I use my mouth - it usually makes 'em cum pretty fast. After a few
minutes he kinda groans real loud and shoots his stuff into my mouth. God, I
love how it tastes. I like to lick him off a little after that, then he just
zips up his pants and goes around doin' whatever he was doin'."

   "I got my period last week so I've been doin' the boys like that a lot;
sometimes just one of 'em, sometimes both at the same time. But, before that,
we fucked lots of times, especially me and Robby."

   The young girl smiled as she remembered. "Mom almost caught us one time. One
day last week it was really hot and I was wearing these shorts that zipped up
the back and just walking around the house. Jeff was gone, Mom was at work, and
it was just me and Robby home. I was in the kitchen getting a coke and Robby
comes up behind me and starts, you know, putting his hand between my legs and
feelin' me. He said he was horny and wanted to do me and, of course, I said OK.
He pulled the zipper on the back of my shorts down and they fell to the floor.
Because I don't usually wear panties anymore, he could get at my pussy right
away."

   "Robby unzipped his jeans, pulled his cock out through the fly, slipped on a
condom, and just started fuckin' me from behind like he did the very first
time, right there, while we're standing up with me leanin' on the counter.
Well, he's shovin' his prick into me and we're doin' it hot 'n heavy when we
hear a car pull up outside. God, it was Mom. I guess she wasn't feeling well
and came home from work early to lay down."

   "Robby pulled his cock outa me and ran toward his bedroom so fast tryin' to
stuff it back in his pants. I pulled my shorts up and got 'em zipped just in
time as Mom walked in. She didn't know what we'd been doin' and headed to her
bedroom to lay down and I went to find Robby. He'd gotten me really hot and I
wanted him to finish what he started."

   "After we made sure Mom was laying down in her room, we went into the
bathroom and locked the door. We figured that would be a safe place. Robby
pulled his pants down and sat on the toiled seat cover and I sat on his cock
and we fucked like that. It was hard not to make any noise when we both came.
But it sure was fun, knowing we were doin' it when our mom was just a little
ways away."

   "So your brothers like the fact that you've learned to suck a guy's cock,
huh?"

   "Yeah, they love it. Remember the afternoon that I did you like that for the
first time? That night, mom went out with one of her boyfriends and the boys
came into my room after she left. Of course, they wanted to fuck me right away,
but I wouldn't let 'em. I told 'em to pull down their pants and stand in front
of me while I sat on the bed and began to jerk 'em off with my hand. God, was
that fun; playin' with two cocks and jerkin' 'em both off at the same time.
When I could see they were gettin' real hot I stuck their pricks in my mouth
one at a time and sucked 'em both until they shot off. God, you should have
heard 'em howling when they came!"

   "For a couple of days after that, that's all they wanted me to do to 'em.
One morning, after mom left for work, I even let one of my brothers fuck me
while I did the other with my mouth; then, they switched and did it the other
way. God, was I a mess after that," she giggled. "Sex is so much fun; it feels
so good..."

   "Because it's your thirteenth birthday, I've got a present for you. I picked
it up when I was traveling and I think you're gonna like it. It'll make you
feel real good."

   I reached down and brought up a skinny box from underneath the table next to
the couch and pulled off the top. Inside was a set of two vibrators, a long,
thick one and a shorter, more narrow one. I picked up the larger of the two
white plastic shafts and turned the base. It began to buzz quietly and quiver
in my hand.

   "Take your pants off," I told her with a lewd little smile.

   Eagerly, Traci stood and unfastened the snap and zipper on the front of her
dirty jeans, dropped them to the floor, and quickly stepped out of them.
Because she wasn't wearing any panties, the sexy little girl was naked from the
waist down right away.

   I patted the cushion next to me.

   "Sit down, put your feet here and lay back against the arm of the couch.
Now, open your legs," I told her as she sat down the way I'd asked.

   The young girl, just thirteen, leaned back against the arm of the couch, her
dirty bare feet together on the cushions next to me as her knees fell open to
each side. Her sweet little pussy slit, sparsely covered with light, curly
hair, lay open, pink, and glistening. I took the larger, softly-buzzing shaft
and placed the tapered end against the opening to her cunt hole.

   She jumped a little at the initial contact, but allowed me to gently move
the tip up and down through the cleft between the folds of her pussy. The tip
pushed the outer lips apart and dipped down in between the small, pink folds of
her girl hole. The little girl gazed down between her spread thighs and watched
as I moved the buzzing tip of the vibrator back and forth through her narrow
sex slit, gradually pushing it farther down into the gash between her legs.

   The musky, pungent odor of the unwashed girl and her sweet cunt juices
mingled together and seemed to surround us like an intoxicating sexual perfume.
Little by little, as she became more aroused and wet, I began to twist and push
the tip of the vibrator into her cunt. The first part disappeared between the
larger outer folds of her little girl pussy and she closed her eyes, tilted her
head back, and moaned quietly at the pleasure I was creating as I continued to
slip it into her fuck hole. She soon took most of it inside her before I began
to pull it out. The next thrust went up into her even more.

   Grasping the base, I began to slide the vibrator slowly in and out of her
slit using about four or five inches of the white shaft, fucking her with it
like a cock. It moved easily in her sodden, oily pussy.

   She looked down and watched what I was doing between her open legs, her
behind squirming slightly on the cushions from the delicious sensations being
created in her loins.

   "You like this, don't you?" I said with a grin, looking up and seeing the
look of pleasure on her face.

   "Oh, God, it feels like heaven. What is that thing?"

   "It's called a vibrator. Girls mostly use them to fuck themselves and make
themselves cum; you know, have orgasms. It's like a guy's cock, except in never
gets soft. Here, you do it."

   I took her small right hand and place it on the base of the vibrator while
most of it was sunk deep inside her.

   "Now, you do it yourself; I wanna watch."

   She pulled at the plastic shaft, hesitating a little, before applying enough
force to pull it part of the way out of her. Then, not wanting to lose that
feeling of being filled up between her legs, Traci shoved it back down into her
pussy.

   Never having seen a girl masturbate with a vibrator before, I sat back and
watched, thrilled at the incredibly sexy sight. This nubile little girl who had
just turned thirteen-years-old, naked from the waist down and her knees spread
open apart, was casually exposing her most private place to me as she
enthusiastically fucked herself with the vibrator. God, it was fun to watch,
and I found myself incredibly aroused, my breath quick and shallow and my cock
rock-hard in my pants.

   Traci seemed comfortable with the vibrator right away. She easily moved it
in and out of her, plunging it deeply into her cunt, the softly humming white
shaft glistening with her musky sexual wetness. She soon discovered that
pulling the tip out and over the top of her slit felt even better as she
stimulated her clit. As she ran the tapered tip through her silken slit, a
little moan came from her mouth. The sexy young girl lay against the arm of the
couch, her eyes half closed as she floated in her little world of sexual
stimulation. For the moment I was forgotten as the buzzing sex toy built a fire
of pleasure between her legs like nothing she'd ever felt before.

   As she pushed the white, plastic shaft down into her tight little fuck hole
again, I stopped her.

   "Leave it in you for a minute and just enjoy the feeling. Let me show you
something else."

   I pulled the other vibrator out of the box. It was shorter, only about five
inches long, and not as big around, but with a blunt, rounded head.

   "This is for another special place," I said with a grin. "Remember how I put
my finger up your ass the other day and you said you really liked it? Well,
this is for that special place. Let me show you: lay back more and pull your
knees back towards you....there, that's it."

   She brought her short, slender legs closer together, grabbed her knees, and
pulled them back toward her chest. Her wonderfully round and smooth little ass
tilted up toward me, her dark, puckered asshole now pointed almost straight up.
I took the smaller plastic shaft and rolled it around the area of her wet,
drooling slit as her flowing juices coated the vibrator. Turning it on, I
placed the blunt, rounded tip against the tight opening of her butt and twisted
the softly-buzzing shaft back and forth as I firmly applied pressure, pushing
it down into her asshole.

   Without much resistance the tip suddenly broke through the outer ring of
muscles and slipped into the youngster. I continued to turn the vibrating shaft
slowly back and forth as I firmly pushed more of its length into her behind. In
just a few seconds nearly three inches disappeared into Traci's asshole. I
stopped and took my hand away, leaving the small white shaft imbedded between
her butt cheeks, stimulating her there.

   I sat back, again, and admired the unbelievably erotic sight of this young,
thirteen-year-old girl laying before me, naked from the waist down, the blunt
white ends of two buzzing shafts sticking out of her two pleasure holes.

   "How's that feel now?" I asked the little girl.

   "Mmmm...really good..Oh, God," she moaned, her tilted-up ass squirming at
the deliciously dirty sensations that filled her behind, "I didn't think
something in my...you know...butt...could feel so good."

   "Some girls like anal sex a lot," I explained. "That's when they get fucked
in the ass. It not only feels good to them, and makes 'em cum, but, even
better, they can't get pregnant when they fuck like that."

   I looked down at the sexy little girl, the erotic sight making me so hard,
so aroused.

   "I'd like to fuck you in the ass," I confessed out loud, "but I'm too big;
I'd probably hurt you. But, if you like how it feels, you can do it to yourself
with that smaller vibrator anytime you want; or, better yet, you can have your
brothers fuck you in the ass. I'll bet they'd really like that and they
wouldn't even need a condom 'cause you can't get pregnant that way. Just have
'em spread a little Vaseline on their cocks and they'll slip right in." I
grinned lewdly at her. "I'll bet you'd really like it; I know they would."

   "Now," I continued, "leave the small one inside you and fuck yourself with
the big one; that should feel really good."

   I sat back to watch the youngster masturbate again. With her feet resting
back down on the couch and her knees wide apart, Traci grabbed at the larger
vibrator with both of her small hands and pulled it out of her gripping little
cunt. The white shaft was already coated with her musky pussy oil and glistened
as it appeared from inside her until just the pointed tip was splitting her
pussy lips. Slowly, inch by inch, she pushed it back into her cunt, nearly all
the way, as she fucked herself with the large, softly buzzing shaft.

   The little girl gazed with orgasmic rapture down between her slim, pale,
open thighs as, up and down, the vibrating sex toy moved through the elastic
grip of her pussy opening, disappearing and reappearing as it slid in and out
of her cunt. God, it was really fun to watch the youngster turn herself on in
front of me. She didn't seem shy or nervous; just really horny.

   "Here, let me do it to you," I softly said, reaching the end of the white
shaft. Traci let go and dropped her hands to her sides, looking down between
her legs as I held the vibrator by it's blunt end and moved it slowly,
leisurely, in and out of the little girl. She laid back on the couch and gazed
down at the place of special pleasure between her legs, her breathing faster as
her arousal grew. Taking my time, I pushed the sex shaft down between the
fuzz-covered lips of her pussy slit where it disappeared almost entirely into
her before I pulled it out again. The strong, musky scent of her sex mixed with
her pungent body odor, making me incredibly hard.

   Back and forth my hand moved as I held the base of the white, softly humming
vibrator in my fingers. I plunged the short, plastic pole in and out of her
sweet little cunt making sure to slide the side of it over her sensitive
little-girl clit. Her wetness spread over the folds of her pussy, matting the
soft, silky hair that was beginning to sprout.

   "I've never fucked a girl with a vibrator, before," I said to her, my pulse
rapid. "God, it's really gettin' me horny..."

   After a minute I let her take over and sat back to watch again. This time
she used both her hands to move the vibrator in and out of her pussy, grabbing
the end tightly in her fingers and sliding it in and out of her slit. Up and
down the hard, white plastic shaft moved, sinking deeply into her tight fuck
hole faster and faster. I could see her small, round, little behind rise up
slightly off the couch to meet the inward thrust of the vibrator, the round end
of the other shaft protruding from the dark circle of her asshole as her slim,
girlish body began to bounce slightly up and down on the couch. Breath hissed
in and out through her clenched teeth as her climax quickly built.

   "Oh, fuck..so fucking good.." the sexy little girl murmured over and over
again, the incredible sexual pleasure quickly building up between her legs.

   Her eyes were squeezed tightly shut as she lay on the couch, her thighs
spread wide apart, and concentrated on the intense feelings she was creating in
her body. With each inward thrust of the white plastic rod, her round, little
butt raised up off the cushions a couple of inches and I could see the blunt
end of the other vibrator sticking out of her asshole. The young girl, who just
turned thirteen-years-old, plunged the buzzing shaft frantically in and out of
herself, almost seeming to stab her slimy pink slit with the vibrator and
driving herself to climax.

   Watching her fuck herself was getting me incredibly hard and aroused, too. I
stroked by cock through my shorts with the palm of my hand as I watched the
breath-taking, erotic sight of this young girl masturbating so intensely, so
freely with the vibrator.

    I could tell the horny little girl was going to cum soon and hard. Traci
was making very short, quick strokes with the plastic rod in and out of
herself, whines of pleasure coming from her mouth.

   "Uh...Uh...UUUUUHHHHHHH......."

   Traci let out a howl of pleasure and thrust the plastic shaft hard into her
spasming cunt. Holding it with both her hands, her knees flew together and her
legs clamped tightly shut around her arms as she held the object planted inside
her. Her entire body tensed as the sensation of orgasm washed over her body,
exploding in her brain. She spread her knees and quickly thrust the vibrator in
and out of herself several times again, before clamping her legs together with
another grunt and cry of pleasure. I grinned as I watched - it was fun to see
the thirteen-year-old get herself off like that.

   It seemed she never wanted it to end. Each time her orgasm began to subside
she would open her legs and fuck herself some more, again sending herself over
the edge. I was glad she was having such a good time.

   Finally, almost reluctantly, she pulled the white plastic shaft out of her
fuck hole and dropped it to the floor, still quietly buzzing. I reached over
and grasped the end of the small vibrator still firmly held in the cheeks of
her ass, and pulled that out, too. I turned both of them off and cleaned them
with a towel I'd brought with me.

   Traci put her legs together, turned, and stretched out on her side, her eyes
closed and her breathing heavy and labored. I let her rest for a few minutes as
I sat by her feet and enjoyed the feel of her sweet young body. Naked except
for the small band of material the circle her chest and clung to her small
breast mounds, I caressed the youngster's slim, bare legs, thighs, and behind
with my hand, her skin soft and smooth beneath my touch. The dark, musty room
of the shed smelled gamy, the pungent odor of her youthful body mixing with the
musky smell of her sex. She'd had a good, strong orgasm, the after-glow filling
her with a deep sense of satisfaction as her breathing slowly got back to
normal.
 

                 JHNS-4-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 8/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 4 -- part 2

   "Mmmmmm...fuckin' great," she finally murmured, her smooth, slender, bare
legs moving slightly as she slowly stirred from her cum-induced haze.

   "Well, those'll keep you occupied when there's not a real cock around," I
told her with a little smile. Our frank sexual talk seemed to come naturally,
now.

   Traci pushed herself up to a sitting position beside me.

   "Yeah, but I still like the real thing..."

   The thirteen-year-old girl leaned over me, reached down to my lap, and
boldly pulled apart the snap on the waistband of my cut-off jean shorts. I
relaxed and laid back against the musty old couch as she tugged the zipper
down, immediately revealing my cock.

   With both of her hands she took hold of my straight, hard shaft and held it
upright, running the insides of her hands up and down the velvety surface. Her
thumbs stroked the sensitive underside of my cock as her hands moved over me.
"Yeah," she said quietly, "the real thing..."

   We both gazed down at my lap as the young girl, wearing just the narrow tube
top that circled around her upper body, sat beside me obviously enjoying
herself as she played with my cock. A clear drop of juice bubbled up from the
tiny hole at the tip, and she ran her thumb over the sensitive head, spreading
the moisture over the skin.

   "Mmmmm...the feels nice.." I told her, a quiet moan escaping from my lips.

   "Here's somethin' that'll feel even nicer," she replied, glancing up a me
with a wicked little smile.

   My cock plopped down against my bare lower belly as Traci suddenly let go of
my swollen member. The sexy little girl slid down onto the wooden floor, her
hands tugging my shorts down my hips and legs and off my feet. I lifted my
behind to make it easier for her to get my shorts off, anticipating what she
wanted to do. She set my shorts aside, then, up on her knees on the floor in
front of me, moved up in between my separated legs.

   As Traci knelt on the floor, her small, experienced hands again held and
caressed my prick, her fingers skimming up and down my sensitive sex shaft
before the little girl slowly lowered her head down toward my lap. I lay back
and watched her mouth open and the tip of my cock disappear inside.

   I gasped with pleasure as she closed her warm, wet lips around the sculpted
head of my prick and held me that way while her hands continued to do their
magic. God, it felt so good. The little girl's lips were wrapped around the
head of my cock, holding it upright, while she used her hands to jack me off.
It was incredible.

   Another powerful wave of pleasure shot through me when I felt her tongue
move around inside her mouth, washing over and all around the tip of my cock.
Then, her warm, wet, tightened lips slipped about halfway down the length of my
prick before pulling up again, her mouth sucking at my member and her tongue
continuing to slide around my sensitive cock head.

   "God, that feels good. Where'd you learn to do that?" I groaned, my hips
pushing up against the wonderful pressure of her hand and mouth.

   She lifted her head and popped my cock out of her mouth as her fingers still
skimmed lightly up and down over the surface of my prick and worked their
magic. She seemed determined to make me shoot off.

   "Oh, it's just somethin' I started to do when I was doin' my brothers. They
really liked it, too."

   "Mmmm..." I moaned as her lips once again closed around my shaft. Drool from
her mouth slowly trickled down the sides of my prick, making the up and down
motion of her hands on my cock easier. After a moment, she dropped her mouth
farther down my length, taking more of me into the hot moistness of her mouth.
I could feel the walls of her cheeks pulling against the sides of my shaft as
it slipped in and out between her tightened lips. God, she made me hard, but
this was not how I wanted to get off.

   "God, I wanna fuck you," I simply told this wonderfully sexy little girl
who'd just turned thirteen-years-old.

   She seemed a little reluctant to let go of my cock with her mouth. But, I
bent over, slid my hands under her armpits, and lifted her up onto her feet and
toward the couch. I guided the girl over to me, and Traci understood right away
how I wanted to do her. She climbed up onto the couch, her knees apart and
straddling my thighs as she towered above me. Her tube top, the only thing she
still wore, was level with my face, and I pulled at the stretchy, elastic
bottom and lifted it up. Traci raised her arms as I rolled the clinging
material up her body and over her shoulders. She grabbed it from me and threw
it to the floor behind her.

   The shapely young girl knelt over me, naked, her firm, slender body
glistening with a light sheen of sweat. The slightly pungent smell of her
unwashed body and the musky odor of her still-moistened cunt mixed to arouse me
even more.

   The nipples on the tips of her small breasts had already stiffened with
excitement and stood out, pink and hard, from the two little mounds. I bent my
head forward and, at the same time, pulled her body toward me as I popped her
left nipple into my mouth. I loved the sweet, salty taste of her smooth skin as
I licked over the little bud several times, then pulled at her nipple with my
lips. Her moans of pleasure and the way she pressed her chest against my face
told me she liked what I was doing to her, too.

   I switched over to her other nipple, licking and sucking at the other tender
morsel. As I mouthed her sensitive little breasts, I used both of my hands to
caress her naked young form, slowly sliding them up and down the sides of her
body and around behind her. After a moment, I cupped the firm globes of her
sweet little butt in my hands, loving the feel of the smooth skin on the back
of her thighs and the sharp curves of her round behind. I lightly skimmed my
finger tips and up and down through the deep, narrow cleft of her adorable ass.
Finally reaching farther down and underneath with my right hand, my fingers
found the warm wetness of her slit between her separated thighs. As I licked
and tugged at her nipples with my mouth, one after the other, I slid the first
part of my middle finger between the rubbery folds and up into her,
finger-fucking the horny little girl with the tip.

   Traci's slim, sexy body squirmed with delight at the delicious sensations I
was creating. Her arms were around my shoulders and her hands held the back of
my head and pulled my face onto her small breasts. She thrust her hips forward
and rubbed her crotch against my bare stomach, adding to the stimulation as my
finger plunged in and out of her pussy. I could feel the soft, silky hair of
her cunt brushing over skin as she ground her pleasure place against my body
while I fingered her. God, she was hot.

   Another minute more and the horny little girl couldn't wait any longer. She
pulled away, reached down, and pulled my cock straight up, placing the tip
against the warm moisture of her fuck hole. My hands were around her narrow
waist as I looked down at my lap and watched what see was doing, my body
trembling with anticipation of the pleasure to come.

   As my cockhead slipped between the slimy folds of her pussy, she let go of
my shaft and placed her hands on my shoulders. I felt her twist her slender
body slightly back and forth as she let the full weight of her body drag her
down onto my hardness.

   God, my cock felt like it was penetrating a tight tube of hot butter. The
smooth insides of her little-girl cunt completely wrapped around my shaft as,
bit by bit, I entered the youngster. I was eager to be completely inside her
and, with my hands around her waist, I pulled her down onto me as I lifted my
hips.

   At last, I felt her ass settle down onto the tops of my naked thighs and the
naked, sexy thirteen-year-old girl sat down on my lap, the full length of my
cock imbedded in her sweet cunt. We stayed like that for a moment, just
enjoying the intensely pleasurable sexual sensations that each of us felt. I'd
already fucked this young girl a number of times, yet each time I entered her
it was like discovering again the wonderful pleasure that her hot little pussy
could give.

   Traci leaned forward and pressed her upper body against my chest, lifting
her ass a little before settling back down. I used the full flatness of my
tongue to lick up in between her growing breast mounds as she began to slowly,
rhythmically, raise and lower herself on me.

   Up and down the young girl moved, about half of my cock pumping in and out
of her. She seemed to be holding back, taking her time and not wanting this to
end too soon. I don't blame her; I never wanted it to end. But, I knew there
was going to come a point where the sexual tension in my balls would beg to be
released and I would explode inside her, and it would feel so good.

   The horny teenage girl leaned her body back from me and sat back onto me
even more, twisting her hips back and forth, wanting to feel the full
penetration of my cock. I looked at her face and saw her eyes were closed, her
concentration fully on the heavy, warm glow of pleasure building rapidly
between her thighs. Lifting my hands up from around her waist, I used my thumbs
to rub over the pebble-sized hardness of her nipples, and I heard her groan and
saw her bit her lower lip at the added pleasure.

   She picked up the pace of our fucking, lifting her body higher and faster
over me before slamming her cunt down on my cock again. I kept my hands on her
chest and they moved up and down with the motion of her body as I continued to
play with her small, stiffened little nipples.

   The first slapping sounds of the cheeks of her ass bouncing down on my lap
filled the room as Traci rode my cock faster and faster. The young
thirteen-year-old girl raised herself up so high now that just the tip of my
cock was gripped by the elastic opening of her fuck hole before she dropped
herself down, sticking herself onto my erection. She was so wet that the
movement was easy, and the juice that dribbled from her pussy made my lap damp.
The sound and scent of sex filled the dark, musty room.

   "God, you feel so good...so fucking good..." I heard myself murmur as the
youngster ground her loins down onto me each time my prick plunged up into her.

   I could hear her breathing faster and louder as her orgasm quickly built
between her legs. I was trying to hold back, trying not to cum too soon so that
she could cum, too, but I wasn't going to be able to wait much longer. Already,
I felt the contraction in my balls as I got ready to shoot off inside this
horny little girl.

   "OH....GGGGG..OOOOOOOODDDDD..." she whined as she slapped her cunt down onto
my cock for a final time, her eyes squeezed shut as she twisted back and forth
on my shaft and her second climax of the afternoon rippled through her body.

   As she squirmed in orgasm on my pole, I put my hands on her hips and held
her tightly onto me, my own orgasm exploding from my balls. I threw my head
back and grunted out loud as the first spurt erupted from my cock. With each
new and intense spasm of pleasure I felt the pulsing of my shaft deep inside
the little girl, jets of cream filling her with my warm, thick, wetness.

   It seemed like several minutes before either of us moved. Her tight cunt
lips kept their delicious grip around the base of my softening member, and it
felt so nice that I was reluctant to disturb the sensual feeling. Eventually,
Traci lifted herself up, and my limp cock pulled out of her, releasing a stream
of cream down the insides of her thighs.

   "God, you always make me a mess," she said with a little laugh, feeling the
warm, thick juice dribbling down the skin of her inner thigh.

   "Well, we don't have to do this, you know," I answered, teasing her.

   "Oh, yes, we do," she replied, "we gotta do this as much as we can. God, you
do me so good. I mean, I like doin' it with my brothers and all, but they just
don't do me like you."

   "Well, know you have something to play with when I'm not around," I said,
reminding her of my birthday present to her.

   "Yeah, and I'm gonna try 'em out, again, tonight."


                 JHNS-5.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 9/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                                   CHAPTER 5

   The very next day I didn't have to go looking for Sarah and Lisa. They were
knocking on my door in the early afternoon with eager, willing smiles spread
across their faces as they anticipated the excitement to come. Both were
dressed like the day before in tight cut-off jean shorts and bikini tops that
tied with a string around behind them. Their swimsuit tops could barely hold in
their nicely full, bouncing teenage breasts. They looked very young, very sexy,
and very horny as I let them into the house and closed the front door.

   "God, you girls look great, today...really sexy..." I told them admiringly.

   They smiled appreciatively.

   "But you'd look even sexier if you took your tops off."

   Needing no further encouragement, they quickly put their hands behind their
backs and pulled at the knots holding the material up. Their tops disappeared,
leaving bare young breasts jiggling in the sunlight with puckered pink nipples
just beginning to grow and harden as they felt more aroused.

   I stepped close, letting my hands caress their naked breast mounds each in
turn, pulling at the nipples with my finger tips, hardening even faster as I
touched and played with them.

   "God, you girls have great breasts; I love to play with them."

   Sarah spoke up.

   "We like having you touch 'em and play with 'em, too. We talked about what
we'd done yesterday, with you, and think you're a great guy, you know, teaching
us about sex and stuff, and making us feel so good."

   "You girls can come over anytime you want and I'll be glad to do anything to
you to make you feel good. It's kinda sexy having you walk around the house
topless, so when you come over, if there's no one else around, you can just
take your tops off, OK?"

   The girls giggled and said they thought it sounded like a great idea. They
liked the thought of being so free and sexually open.

   I had to finish doing a few things around the house so we walked around and
talked, moving from room to room. The two topless teenage girls seemed
completely comfortable as their firm, round breasts lay bare with hardened pink
nipples jutting out from the tips. It was, to me, an incredibly erotic sight
and I complimented them. I would casually run my hands over their breast mounds
as we passed, and caught several glimpses of them touch each other, also. That
made my cock even harder.

   I could tell they were anxious, but I still a couple of things to do.

   "Why don't you go upstairs to my bedroom and wait for me. I'll be up in a
few minutes. You can, you know, get comfortable..."

   I heard them on the stairs and spent a few more minutes at my work, then
quietly made my way up the stairs. I paused at the open doorway to the bedroom,
and could hear them inside. Peaking around the corner, I watched them.

   The two young girls sat on the edge of the bed, turned towards each other
with hands on each others' breasts, caressing and touching. As I watched they
brought their mouths together and I could see their tongues swirling and poking
in each others' mouths. Fingers began to pull and lightly squeeze long, hard
nipples as their passion grew, their mouths pressing together harder with more
urgency.

   Lisa dropped her hand down on Sarah's bare leg and I watched it creep along
the thigh onto her shorts and slide lower, finally coming to rest in the denim
covered area between her legs. I could see the muscles of her arm and hand
tighten as she pressed her fingers up into Sarah's crotch, firmly rubbing back
and forth over her pussy mound. Sarah's legs opened a little wider, allowing
her friend easier access to her cloth covered cunt.

   Soon Sarah was returning the favor, her own hand pressed up between Lisa's
legs, sliding along Lisa's pussy cleft through her shorts. The two girls seemed
completely unaware of my presence and, for now, I was content to watch the
erotic sight as the youngsters aroused each other.

   The girls stood and kissed again, letting their hands roam over each other's
breasts for a moment before moving down to the waist bands of their shorts. I
watched their fingers fumbling with snaps and zippers as they urgently worked
to free themselves from the inhibiting clothing, anxious to delve fingers and
tongues into that warm, wet place that brings young girls such pleasure. They
took turns undressing each other, enjoying the glow of intimacy created by the
anticipation of sexual arousal and release.

   Shorts and panties quickly slid down long, slim legs to the floor and the
two naked young girls, barely in their teens, began to stimulate and enjoy each
other more fully. Standing close together and face to face, their hands played
over each others' flawless bodies, caressing, stroking and pinching each
intimate place. Hard pink nipples were gently pulled and squeezed while other
hands slid around behind and fondled round, firm asses.

   Sarah let one hand slide down between Lisa's legs and cup her blond, furry
mound, her middle finger sliding over Lisa's clit and into her pussy slot. Lisa
spread her feet apart more, giving her friend room to play with her pussy as
she returned the favor. Each girl now had a hand between the others' legs and
another playing with hard, little nipples as they enjoyed each others' bodies.

   Becoming totally aroused with their sex play, the girls sank down next to
each other on the big double bed. Laying close together and facing each other,
each one had her legs apart, and I watched, my breathing coming fast as each
girl plunged a finger in and out of her friend's cunt in mutual masturbation.
They looked at each other and smiled, enjoying the intimate, erotic act, small
moans of delight occasionally coming from their mouths as they looked down
between their open legs and watched.

   "Mmm...you do me good," Lisa said to Sarah as she glanced down and watched
Sarah slipping two fingers in and out of her hot, wet snatch. "I wish we'd done
this to each other sooner. It feels so good..."

   "Lay back. I want to do you like Mr. Johnson did me yesterday," replied
Sarah with a horny smile.

   Lisa lay on her back, knees up and spread wide apart, the slit of her
already wet pussy open and waiting for Sarah's attention.

   Sarah moved around and knelt between Lisa's legs, dipping her mouth down and
giving Lisa's cleft an exploratory lick with her tongue. Finding the taste
acceptable, she ran her tongue up the slit again, this time delving deeper into
the pink, wet slot. Lisa's loud groans and the thought of this intimate, sexy
act she was performing on her friend aroused Sarah even more, and her tongue
moved constantly up and down Lisa's slit, licking and sucking her girl juice
from the warm, pink folds of her pussy.

   My hard cock pounded inside my jeans as I watched the two young girls enjoy
each others' bodies. I looked at Sarah's shapely ass sticking in the air, her
face buried between Lisa's legs, and knew I wanted to fuck her.

   Slipping out of my jeans, I walked into the bedroom with my shaft hard and
throbbing, a drop of pre-cum juice already flowing from the tip. There was
plenty of room on the bed behind Sarah and the girls barely seemed to notice
the added weight as I got up and knelt beside them.

   Lisa lay on her back with her hands on her knees, holding them back and open
as Sarah's long, brown hair swirled around the smooth, pale insides of her
young thighs. I could hear the wet licking sound as Sarah's tongue slipped and
probed in Lisa's open girl slit, and I could hear Lisa's soft moans of delight
at the intense sexual sensations building between her legs.

   "Sarah, use your fingers in her pussy," I coached. "That'll make her feel
even better."

   Sarah turned her head and looked up a me, smiling, her face covered with
pussy wetness. With two fingers she began to finger-fuck her friend, her eyes
flashing and a look of uncontrolled lust on her face. She loved doing this to
another girl. Her fingers plunged in and out of the blond fur covered cleft,
the pink, wet insides of Lisa's cunt clinging to the two shafts as they slipped
in and out of the tight pussy opening.

   It looked like fun to me, too, and I slipped my hand over Sarah's
delightfully round behind perched so invitingly in the air beside me. Running
my fingers down through the crack of her ass, I found her wet pussy slit and
slipped my middle finger into her pussy, finger-fucking her just like she was
doing to her friend.

   I slowly plunged my straightened finger in and out of the opening between
her legs, enjoying the wet tightness of her pussy lips grasping the probing
little shaft as I masturbated the young girl. Sarah's ass quivered with
excitement as each penetration began to build that lovely, intense feeling in
her loins. I could feel the young girl rock back slightly against each inward
movement of my finger, pressing her pussy back against each inward thrust of my
finger as if she was fucking herself on my hand.

   Pussy juice flowed freely from her slit and I spread the wetness up and down
through the deep, narrow crack of her ass. With her butt pushed up in the air I
had easy access to her asshole and decided to show her something new. I wet my
first finger in her pussy, found her puckered butt hole, and slowly twisted and
turned my finger into the opening as I gently, but firmly, pushed forward. I
felt the initial resistance to the probing finger and pushed a little harder.
The tight, little hole began to give way and the tip passed through the
tightness of her butt opening until my finger tip was in her ass up to the
first knuckle.

   That was the hard part. Now, with a little more twisting and turning, the
rest of my finger slid forward into Sarah's tightly gripping asshole. The walls
of her butt hole were tight, warm, and smooth, and I felt them close around my
finger as it moved slowly, but steadily, further into the girl.

   I wasn't quite sure how she would react to the penetration of her other
hole, but when I heard her moan and felt her push back with her behind, shoving
herself farther onto my probing finger, I knew she liked the sensations I was
creating.

   Soon, my first finger was completely up her ass and, with my middle finger,
I again penetrated her pussy. Now, each pleasure hole was being filled with a
shaft and I was finger-fucking the young girl's asshole and pussy at the same
time. I moved my hand slowly forward and back, drawing the digits in and out of
their intimate openings.

   "God, that feels good..." Sarah moaned, taking her wet, shiny face out from
between Lisa's legs.

   "I'm finger-fucking your asshole and your pussy at the same time," I
explained. "You like it, huh?"

   "Mmmm..feels nice.." she said, emphatically, her round behind wiggling and
pushing back against each inward thrust of my fingers.

   "What's he doin' to ya?" I heard Lisa ask.

   "He's got his fingers up my butt and my pussy...he's finger-fuckin' both my
holes...God, it feels good..."

   "Do it to Lisa," I suggested. "Put your first finger in her pussy and get it
really wet...yeah, that's right. Now, put spread some pussy juice over her
asshole. Good. Gently, but firmly, push your finger in while turning it back
and forth, like you're screwing it in."

   I was still off to the side, my hand firmly held between the cheeks of
Sarah's ass, and I watched her enthusiastically follow my directions. After
wetting her finger and Lisa's butt hole, Sarah pushed her finger into her
friend's ass. Surprisingly, the finger went in easily, immediately going in all
the way up to Sarah's hand, imbedding itself deeply in her behind. If it was
that easy, I thought, I'd like to push something a little bigger up there some
time.

   "Now you can finger-fuck her ass while you lick her pussy. I'll bet Lisa'll
really like that."

   Sarah's tongue began to lick up and down Lisa's pussy slot as she slowly
pushed and pulled her finger in and out of her friend's asshole. The increased
moans of pleasure from Lisa told me that she was enjoying the intimate act as
much as her friend.

   "How's it feel?" I asked.

   "Mmmm...feels good..God, keep doin' me like that.."

   Lisa pulled her knees further back and to the side, opening herself up even
more to the erotic stimulation from her friend's mouth and finger.

   I was having fun fingering Sarah's holes, too, but my cock still needed some
attention, so I gently pulled my fingers out of the young girl. Moving around
behind her, I got up on my knees between her bent legs and behind her raised
ass. Pushing my cock down, I angled the tip into her pink, wet slit, pushed my
hips slightly forward, and watched as it pushed aside the rubbery folds and
disappeared inside the fourteen-year-old girl. With the cockhead firmly inside
her, I put my hands on her hips and pushed forward even more while, at the same
time gently, but firmly, pulling the youngster back onto my cock.

   I slid in a little ways, then pulled out before repeating the process
several times, working my way into her before finally burying my shaft all the
way inside her little pussy. God, she was tight; and so wet. I could feel the
warm softness of her ass checks against my belly and I used my fingers to
gently rub over her tight asshole. The horny young teenager liked it, too,
because she kept pushing back against me, wanting more.

   I stayed like that for a few minutes, our bodies connected with my hard
prick, as I watched her mouth and lick that other mouth-like girl opening
between her Lisa's legs, her finger still moving in and out of her friend's
tight asshole. I bent over and ran my fingers lightly over Sarah's back, then
down around her sides and underneath her body, caressing her full, firm breasts
as they hung beneath her and pulling at the long, hard pink nipples. She moaned
and pushed back again, wanting to build the sensations between her legs even
more.

   With my fingers playing with her breasts, I started to move my hips slowly
forward and back, leisurely pumping my cock into the fourteen-year-old girl
from behind. I wasn't in a hurry and just took my time, enjoying the feel her
tight, wet cunt lips pulling and sucking at my shaft as it moved in and out.
Her soft, warm ass rubbed against the front of my thighs each time I pushed
deeply into her, and my balls began to feel wet as her moisture dribbled down
her slit opening.

   As I lay bent over her, I watched her tongue slip and slide in the girl slot
between her Lisa's legs, and enjoyed the incredibly erotic view of two young
teenage girls making love. With her free hand Sarah was using her fingers to
spread the outer lips of Lisa's snatch in order to lick and suck the wet, pink
insides. As Lisa's moans of pleasure came more often, Sarah concentrated the
action of her mouth and tongue at the top of her slit, on her clitoris.

   Lisa's body writhed on the bed as the intense, unending sensuous waves of
pleasure washed over her, each seemingly greater than the last. Her head felt
like it had detached from her body and was floating in a sea of sexual lust
that she never wanted to end. She could feel the hot build-up of erotic energy
between her legs and knew she was going to cum.

   Her head suddenly jerked back, eyes squeezed tightly shut, as the dam burst
inside her and her cunt and asshole spasmed in orgasm. She tried to pull her
legs together, but Sarah's head and shoulders were still there, still working
their magic, still sending shocks of orgasm through her.

   Sensing Lisa's climax, Sarah pulled her head up and away, smiling, her face
wet and shiny with pussy wetness as she watched her friend cum, proud of the
fact she was able to make her friend feel so good. Lisa's legs closed and she
seemed to be rubbing her inner thighs together, wringing every bit of pleasure
out of her orgasm as she could.

   I had stopped fucking Sarah to watch Lisa cum. Now, I resumed my thrusting,
pulling my cock almost completely out of her cunt before pushing in, again, to
the hilt. She was incredibly wet and, though she had the tight, inexperienced
pussy of a young fourteen-year-old girl, I moved easily in and out of her.

   Sarah was concentrating, now, on the stimulation between her legs. She'd had
her fun, getting her friend off, and now she wanted her own orgasm. I could
feel her pulling herself forward and pushing back in tune with the thrusting of
my shaft. I put my hands on her waist and began to pull her harder onto me.

   "Oh, yeah...fuck me...harder..," she moaned, her own climax nearing.

   Harder and faster our body's collided, the back of her thighs and the front
of mine wet with her oily cunt juice. The slapping sounds of our wet, naked
flesh as we hit against each other filled the room with the sound of lusty,
uninhibited sex. The pungent odor of fucking seemed to surround us, arousing us
even more.

   "Fuck...fuck...fuck," she repeated to herself with each collision of our
bodies as I plunged deeply inside her.

   "Oh, God..."

   She'd pulled her finger out of Lisa's ass and gotten on her hands and knees
as we fucked. Now, she raised herself up and sat back, impaling herself on my
shaft as she came. I sat back and pulled her onto my lap, her back against my
chest, and I could feel her little ass squirm on my lap, twisting and turning
as she pushed herself down and tried to bury my cock as deeply inside her as
possible.

   I put my hands around in front of her and rubbed my palms over her hard,
little nipples. Sarah's pussy muscles felt like they were squeezing my shaft as
the spasms of her climax filled her loins. She tilted her head back onto my
shoulder and I could feel her hold her breath, her tense body in the clutches
of orgasm.

   I continued to play with her full, young breasts, caressing their roundness
and enjoying the feel of her hardened nipples as I rolled and pinched them
between my finger tips. Her long, brown hair tickled my skin as she lay back
against me. Hearing a long, low moan, I knew her climax was subsiding, and felt
her body relax as the glow of her orgasm radiated from her body. Her breasts
felt so good, and I continued to hold them, feel them, excite them with my
hands and fingers. I was incredibly aroused by the fact that I was fucking this
young girl, barely in her teens, and enjoying her lusty, developing body. At
times I felt I couldn't keep my hands off her body nor my cock out of her tight
pussy.

   Lisa had fully recovered from her orgasm and sat up against the headboard of
the bed to watch as I fucked her friend from behind. She smiled, braces
glinting in the afternoon sunlight as Lisa came, enjoying the sight.

   Sarah bent forward and my hard cock pulled out of her pussy. I hadn't cum
yet, and it stood straight up from between my legs, the red tip throbbing, the
skin shiny and wet from her cunt oil.

   Though I was still horny, we all decided to rest for a little while. We went
down stairs to fix something to drink, and I admired the teenage girls' firm,
fresh naked bodies as they moved around the kitchen. The sight kept me turned
on and the girls thought it was funny and sexy as I walked around, my erection
swaying back and forth in front of me. Often one of the girls would reach out
and stroke my prick with their fingers a couple of times. They seemed to enjoy
the feel of my stalk in their hands, and I sure liked having a couple of nubile
young girls so casually play with my cock.

   We sat down on the living room floor to enjoy our drinks and talk. I
encouraged them to talk openly and candidly about what they had done and what
they enjoyed.

   "God, I love sex," Sarah said, looking at her friend. "I can't believe we
waited this long to start to do things like this. It was so much fun, doing
what I did to you."

   "I couldn't believe I was letting another girl..well, you know, have sex
with me. You made me feel so good...God, I loved it when you shoved your finger
up my ass."

   "It's fun, making someone feel good like that," I said. "Good sex is sharing
and having fun without hang-ups or anything. I'm glad you girls are having such
a good time."

    I figured it was time to talk to them about Traci and her brothers.

   "We've had a lot of fun, just the three of us. Are you girls ready to have
some fun with a couple more kids your age?"

   "Who?" asked Lisa.

   "Well, I'm been having some fun, this kind of fun, with another girl in the
neighborhood and she has two brothers. They're all about your age and they'd
like to get together with me and the two of you and we could have a sex party
and, uh...have some fun. What do you think?"

   The girls looked at each other for a few seconds and smiled.

   "I think it sounds like a great time," said Lisa. "Sounds like there'd be
enough people so everyone could...you know, have fun. Let's do it. Mmm...that
feels nice..."

   The girls sat next to me, one on either side as we talked and relaxed, all
of us with our backs against the front of the couch, legs bent and knees in the
air. As usual I couldn't seem to keep my hands off these two young girls. I put
my glass down and lightly ran my hands over the smooth skin of their inner
thighs, then down between their slightly open legs. My fingers leisurely played
with the rubbery folds of each girl's delightful little pussy, my fingers
sliding up and down through their moistened sex slits. Soon, I slipped my
middle finger into each fourteen-year-olds' hot snatch, penetrating deep down
into their still warm, wet fuck hole, as I slowly finger-fucked both of them at
the same time. Sex with these young girls was so fun, so exciting, and they
were so willing to try different things.

    We talked some more about getting together and I told them a little about
Traci and her brothers. I didn't tell them that the boys were fucking their
sister, but I figured they'd find out soon enough. All the while, my fingers
manipulated their pussy lips, penetrating and teasing them, their wetness
dribbling out of their slits.

   "You're getting me hot, again," Lisa said, squirming a little, her legs
squeezing together on my hand.

   "Is there something wrong with that?" I asked, my fingers busy in her slit.
I hadn't fucked her yet, but I wanted her to be ready.

   "No...I like it...feels good...."

   "Do you want to fuck?"

   She nodded.

   "You have to say it," I said.

   "I wanna do it...I wanna fuck," she said quietly, but without hesitation.

   "Lay back."

   Sarah watched as her friend turned around and lay on her back on the floor
near the couch, knees in the air and feet apart. I got down on my knees between
her raised legs and ran my hands over her legs and knees, moving them further
apart, my shaft jutting out from between my legs and poised, throbbing and
hard, over her loins.

   "Put your hand on my cock and guide me in," I said, shifting my hips forward
and down toward her open legs until the backs of her thighs rested on the front
of mine.

   With her small right hand she reached between her parted legs and grasped my
prick, her fingers circling the shaft and pulling it down, lodging it in the
folds of her pussy lips, now dribbling with her juices. Feeling the warm
tightness grip me as the tip enter her slit, I put my hands behind her knees
and pushed her legs back and more apart while thrusting my hips forward and my
hands held her completely open. Her little pussy tilted up slightly and my cock
slipped slowly through the tight, wet opening between her legs.

   I held her legs wide apart, looked down, and watched my hardness disappear
more and more into her blond fuzz-covered slit until I felt my balls rub
against her pussy lips. There was no resistance at all, just a wonderfully
tight feeling as the wall of her cunt gripped my cock, and soon I was
completely imbedded in her teenage cunt for the first time.

   "Well," I said, "how's it feel, getting fucked for the first time?"

   "...feels so good. I'm not a virgin, anymore, am I?"

   "No, you're not.."

   "Good. Now, when I hear girls in the restrooms at school talking about sex
and fuckin' and stuff they do with boys, I know what it's like."

   Sarah had come over next to us to watch and have some fun herself.

   Holding Lisa's knees back and to the sides, I began to move my hips forward
and back, my cock sliding in and out of her pussy. Slowly at first, but
gradually a little faster and harder, I fucked the young girl for the first
time. I looked down between her legs and watched my cock disappear into the
sexy fourteen-year-old girl's cunt before I pulled it out again, all slimy with
her musky moisture. She was pretty tight but was getting really wet and, in a
short time, my shaft moved easily in and out of her.

   Lisa looked up at me, smiling, her braces glinting in the afternoon
sunlight.

   "God, fucking feels soo...good," she moaned, her back arching slightly, "So
fucking good..."

   I heard Sarah laugh next to me as she gazed down at her friend enjoying sex
for the first time.

   "She's like me..she's going to want to fuck all the time, after this."

   "Well, now the two of you know how to have some fun together," I said.
"That'll keep you happy when you don't have a guy around."

   Lisa's pussy was loosening up a little more as I slowly fucked the slender,
blond, fourteen-year-old girl. Putting my hands on the floor on either side of
her body, I let her legs drape over my arms and I moved my body forward a
little, tilting her ass and pussy up until I was plunging almost straight down
into her sex hole. I began to move faster, fucking her harder, and my loins
slapped against her ass and the back of the thighs as I shafted time and time
again into her. With each deep penetration she let out a little moan, the fire
of sex building again between her legs as the base of my cock bumped up against
her clit.

   I hadn't cum, yet, this afternoon, and knew I wouldn't last much longer. I
was really horny from all of our sex play and needed to cum hard.

   "Sarah, put your hand down between my legs underneath and play with my
balls...that's right, gently..." I said.

   I felt the teenage girl's hand behind me softly caressing my balls and the
lower part of my slippery shaft as it plunged in and out of Lisa's tight, wet
fuck hole. Her hand cupped my balls as she rolled them in her fingers.

   "Oh, yeah...that's good", I groan encouragingly, "..oh, yeah...I'm going to
cum...Fuck...oh, fuck, I'm gonna shoot..."

   I could feel the contraction in my balls as my orgasm built to the point of
release. Sarah's fingers were working magic, coaxing the climax from my loins.

   I felt it begin, and pushed deeply down into Lisa's cunt, holding my cock
deep inside the teenage girl as spurts of hot, thick cum jetted into her.
Sarah's hand continued to lightly play with my balls, intensifying the orgasm,
making me grunt with pleasure at the intense sensations flowing from between my
legs and exploding in my head.

   "Fuuuuuck.." I moaned again, my back arched and my eyes tightly closed as
the spasms of my climax sent waves of sexual release through my body. I came
really hard, shooting time and time again into the blond's tight little pussy.
Lisa grinned from ear to ear, enjoying the feel of liquid warmth coating the
insides of her cunt and the pulsing of my thickness held so tightly in the
elastic opening of her sex.

   After a few minutes I pulled my softening cock out of her. It was wet and
sticky from the residue of my climax.

   "I could feel you cum inside me," Lisa sighed with pleasure. "It felt so
good..do me again."

   "No, me next," pleaded Sarah.

   "Not now, girls," I answered. "Time for you to go home. We'll get together
again, soon, OK?"

                                 END CHAPTER 5


                JHNS-6-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 10/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 6 -- part 1

   Later in the week I was working out in the yard when I saw Traci and another
girl walking in the alley behind the house. When they saw me they headed over.

   "Hi," they said as they approached.

   As you can tell, I'm always interest in young girls, so I checked the new
girl out. The first thing I noticed about her was her long, thick, curly red
hair that hung down to her shoulders. Like most girls with red hair, her skin
was very pale, almost white. She appeared to be about the same age as Traci,
twelve or thirteen.

   "This is my cousin, Ann," Traci said, introducing us. "She's here to stay
with me for a couple of days while her folks go to a funeral out of town."

   Ann was a cute, kind of pretty young girl. Her freckled face was somewhat
plain, though her long, dark red hair was striking. Like most red-haired people
she had a very fair complexion and when she smiled the sunlight glinted off her
braces. She also had slender legs and thighs and an especially round, shapely
ass for a girl so young. But, especially nice were her breasts.

   Most twelve or thirteen-year-old girls have developing breast mounds that
simply protrude straight out from their chests like small cones. Ann had more
mature looking breasts, quite a bit larger, more full and sloping, the
undersides gently curving down, then up again, the tips just a little pointed.
As she moved they would wobble and bounce slightly under her top. They looked
wonderful.

   I could vividly see shape of Ann's breasts because each girl was wearing
just a tube top on their slender upper bodies. The tight, narrow pieces of
elastic material clung to their bra-less chests like they were molded on, and
left the area from just below their breasts to their waists bare. Traci's
breasts, of course, were still just slight pointed rises on her girlish chest,
though her nipples always appeared hard and erect, poking up through the
material. While Ann had the look of a young girl, Traci looked more like a
tom-boy.

   Ann was also wearing a pair of very tight cut-off jean shorts that seemed to
cling to her like a second skin. I glanced down between her legs as we talked
and could see the rounded outline of her pubes as the shorts stretched and
pulled up tightly between her girlish thighs. When she turned around I noticed
her shorts were pulled up into the crack of her ass, separating the two firm
globes beautifully. She had a very attractive and very sexy young-girl body.

   Traci was wearing her normal pair of dirty jeans, probably cast-offs from
her brothers, which gaped open around her waist. Both the girls were barefoot.

   We exchanged small talk in the yard for a few minutes but I sensed that the
girls had something else on their minds. It was getting hot standing out in the
sun, so I suggested we go into the shed and continue our conversation.

   The girls followed me into the cool, dark, musty interior and we all sat
down on the mattress in the corner, Traci next to me and Ann across from us.
Light streamed through the dirty windows dimly illuminating the inside.

   "I've been telling Ann a little about....you know, what we've been
doing...what you've been showing me," Traci said.

   "We talk kind of open and honestly here," I said, looking at Traci's cousin.

   "Yeah, I've noticed," the young girl replied. "Traci's been telling me some
things..."

   "And how do you feel about what she's been saying?" I asked.

   "Well...it kinda sounds...fun..."

   "Have you had much experience with, you know, boys? Have you ever let
someone play with your pussy?"

   She seemed to blush a little at the frank words.

   "No..but I've kinda wanted to... I got my first period last year and since
then I've been kinda, you know..."

   "Horny?" I said with a little laugh.

   She smiled shyly.

   "Yeah..especially since I came and stayed with you a couple of months ago.
Remember?" she said to Traci.

   "Yeah."

   She looked at me and explained.

   "A couple of months ago I stayed with Traci for a week when my parents had
to go to some funeral in another state. I never told you this," she said to
Traci, "but one morning I got up and saw you weren't in your bed. I thought I'd
try and find you so I walked out into the hall and heard someone downstairs
talking and kinda laughing in the kitchen. When I got near the door it sounded
like someone moaning, so I stopped and just kinda peeked around the corner."

   "I saw you...and your brother, Jeff, in the kitchen. He was sitting on a
chair next to the table and you were standing in front of him and...he was
doing things to you."

   Ann paused a minute, a little shy and embarrassed.

   "Go on, tell us," I encouraged, already knowing the scene she was going to
describe from the things I'd heard from Traci about her activities with her
brothers.

   "Well, we both usually wear a T-shirt and underpants when we go to bed.
Traci was standing in front of Jeff and she was holding the front of her shirt
up a little while he had his hand between her legs, kinda rubbing her there
through her underpants. They were both laughing and talking, and sometimes
Traci would close her eyes and kinda moan a little. She seemed to really like
what he was doing to her."

   "I could see 'em real clear from where I was standing. Sometimes he would
use just the tips of his fingers and rub her right on the front, and sometimes
he's slide his whole hand back and forth between her legs."

   "I watched 'em doin' it for a couple of minutes and it started to make me
kinda hot, too. I could feel this sorta tickling down...there..it felt kinda
strange but nice. It was like it was getting wet..."

   "You mean down in your cunt?"

   "Yeah, in my....cunt. God, that word sounds so dirty..... I like it," She
smiled shyly.

   "Anyway, after a minute, Jeff pulled her underpants down and Traci took 'em
off and spread her legs even more. Now I could really see that he was doing
more..he was putting his fingers up into her...cunt. Traci seemed to really
like that 'cause she started to moan a lot louder and kinda movin' around as he
pushed his finger up into her hole."

   As Ann told her story I'd begun to run my hands over the bare skin on
Traci's lower back below her clinging summer tube top. She was wearing the long
pants she often wore, cast-offs from her brothers. They fit her girlish hips
just fine, but were quite large around her slender waist and, without a belt,
tended to be very loose and gap open around the waist. As we listened, my hand
roamed down her bare lower back and into her pants behind her. I wasn't
surprised to discover she wasn't wearing any panties, and my fingers played up
and down through the upper part of the cleft between her ass cheeks as I
enjoyed just touching and feeling the youngster.

   "How did you feel as you watched Jeff finger Traci's pussy?" I asked Ann
frankly. Traci was sitting sort of sideways to her cousin and I knew the young
thirteen-year-old red head could see my hand delving down inside the back of
her cousin's pants. She also noticed that Traci hadn't said anything to object
or stop me from touching her.

   "It made me real....excited. I know about sex and stuff but I'd never really
seen anything until then."

   "I was afraid they'd see me, so I went back to Traci's bedroom where I was
sleeping and laid on the bed. The tickling between my legs was getting worse
and I...started to put fingers down there...in my cunt like I'd seen Jeff do to
Traci."

   "God, it felt good right away. My underpants were kinda wet and stuff. I
found when I put a finger into my..." she hesitated.

   "You started to masturbate," I said.

   She smiled in agreement.

   "I've done it a lot more since then; God, it feels so good. I usually close
my eyes when I do it and picture you and Jeff doing it, and....sometimes, I
think of myself there, instead of you....and him doing it to me....you know,
putting his finger up my...pussy." She giggled self-consciously, her voice
dropping to a whisper. "It gets me feeling really hot...really horny."

   "I'm sure Jeff would be glad to do you," Traci said with a lewd smile, "I've
done a lot more things with my brothers since then."

   Ann looked a little surprised at that.

   "You mean you've done more than let them...you know...play with you?"

   "Yeah..lots more! And, God, it's fun and feels so good. Mmmm...and this
feels good, too..."

   The youngster was getting turned-on and was trying to shift her body to
allow my fingers to get further down into the back of her pants so I could
finger her slit. My hand slid up and down the narrow crack of her little butt,
my fingers caressing the smooth, warm curve of her behind. With my middle
finger I could barely reach her puckered butt opening, and I could feel her
body tensions begin to build as she enjoyed the sensations of my fingers little
grazing over her sensitive little asshole.

   "God, you're makin' me horny. Let's do somethin'.." Traci said looking at
me, that sexy little-girl horny glint in her eye.

   I looked at Ann.

   "We're going to have some fun, know. You can just watch and if you feel like
joining in, you can. We'll let you do anything you want, OK?"

   The young girl nodded, but was silent. She looked hesitant, but interested,
and I could see her breathing a little faster with the building excitement. We
all felt the sexual tension in the air.

   Traci rose up on her knees, unsnapped her pants, and pulled the zipper down.
Bending over, she lifted one knee at a time and slid them down her legs and off
her bare feet. I don't know if Ann was surprised that her cousin wasn't wearing
any underwear. I wasn't. I knew what a horny little girl she was and, with all
the sex things she was doing with her brothers and me, she seldom wore panties
anymore.

   When she had her pants off and was naked from the waist down, I got up on my
knees, faced her, and immediately reached down between her parted thighs with
my right hand. Cupping and holding her between her legs, I spread my fingers
apart and gently slid them back and forth in the crease of her inner thighs and
through the light covering of thin, curly hair growing over her pussy lips. The
thick, rubbery outer lips of her pussy slid between my fingers as I moved them
back and forth between her legs playing with the little girl's sex.

   I caressed the entire length of her adorable little cunt, not penetrating
her, just feeling her from the mound in front all the way between her legs and
up behind her, my finger tips lightly gliding over the bottom curves of her
small, shapely ass. I love touching, feeling, arousing young girls there, and I
could tell Traci really liked it, too.

   Ann sat very still and watched, her breathing a little shallow and faster.

   "God, you've got a great little pussy...I love playing with it..," I said
softly, my hands slipping slowly, leisurely, back and forth between her open
thighs, my fingers beginning to delve into her moistening pleasure places.
Already, the musky odor of her sexual wetness could be smelled around us.

   "Mmm..and you've got a great cock," she answered, her hands eagerly
unfastening my shorts and pulling them down. I lifted one knee at a time and as
the sexy thirteen-year-old girl slipped them off, my hand never leaving her
place of special pleasure, my fingers never ceasing to touch and caress her hot
little slit.

   My prick stood up nearly straight from between my legs, hard, thick and
pulsing. Traci's experienced hands stroked and caressed my hardness while my
own hand played between her legs. With one hand her fingers closed around my
shaft and moved up and down, lightly grazing over the smooth skin, while the
other slipped underneath and gently played with my balls. Occasionally, she
would use her thumb around the head of my shaft, rubbing over the little hole
at the top and spreading the juices seeping out over the reddening tip. I
moaned softly in encouragement and pleasure.

   I didn't know if Ann had ever seen a guy's cock, before. If she hadn't, she
was about to get a quick education.

   Moving a little closer, I put my other hand around behind Traci and ran it
over her small, wonderfully round ass before slipping my fingers down through
the narrow valley between those firm little globes, stimulating her ass hole
and slit from behind. The fingers of both of my hands delved into her private
places now, touching and exciting the youngster. Her flowing juices made my
finger tips wet and slippery for easy penetration as I poked my finger tips up
into both of her pleasure holes. I don't know if it was playing with Traci's
sexy young body or knowing that another person was watching us but, God, I was
really horny.

   "Your hands feel good, but your mouth would feel even better.." I murmured
quietly to her after a few minutes. She smiled and licked her lips in
anticipation.

   I laid down on the mattress between the two thirteen-year-old girls. Traci,
still on her knees, tilted my cock up with her hands and bent down, taking me
into her mouth. She licked around the tip several times, her little pink tongue
slithering warm and wet around my cockhead before she slipped the tip between
her lips and let my prick slide about half-way into her warm, wet mouth. Her
lips made a tight ring around my shaft as she raised her head up slightly,
sucking at my member. I could feel her tongue play around the head of my prick
as she held it in her mouth.

   "Oh, yeah...that's nice...I love having young girls like you suck my cock,"
I murmured to the girl, softly petting her head as she used her mouth on me.

   Up and down her blond head traveled, eagerly licking and sucking my sex
shaft. Each time she'd reach the tip she would pause and let her pink tongue
slip around the swollen head. Then, the warm tightness of her lips would
envelop my shaft as her mouth closed around me, sending waves of pleasure
through my loins.

   "God, that feels good.." I moaned, my eyes closed at the intensity of the
feeling. "Mmmm...your pussy feels nice..."

   I wanted to have some fun, too, and reached out, my fingers searching for
the sexy sweet spot between her legs. She felt what I was trying to do and
moved her knees farther apart, opening herself up to me. The top of my hand
brushed against the thinly growing silky fur of her pussy. I flipped it over
and my fingers found her wet slit.

   Ann was sitting right next to me, opposite her cousin, watching as the young
girl, barely in her teens, eagerly used her mouth on me. She could see my hand
moving up and down between Traci's legs and how I finger-fucked the youngster
using my middle finger. Traci's pussy was already moist, and my finger slid
easily in and out, disappearing between the elastic tightness of her soft,
rubbery pussy lips, masturbating the little girl, arousing her.

   "Is this what you saw Jeff doing to Traci?" I asked the red-headed girl, my
facing pointing at my hand as it played between Traci's slim, pale thighs.

   Ann nodded in silence.

   Traci paused, raised her head and looked at her cousin, her hands still
holding my wet, slippery prick straight up.

   "This is one of the things I do to my brothers, now. It's really fun to do.
It's so dirty...so sexy. Sucking cocks is almost as much fun as fucking. God,
it makes me horny."

   "I've heard about doing it but thought it sounded disgusting. But it looks
really sexy...." her wide-eyed cousin replied, her voice sounding husky. She
licked her lips.

   Traci's mouth closed around my cock and she took several more strokes up and
down my shaft before she raised her head up again and looked at Ann and
grinned.

   "Wanna try it?"

   Ann look uncertain, yet interested. She looked down at me and I smiled
encouragingly.

   "How do I.....?"

   "Use your tongue and lips, but not your teeth...kinda like you're eating an
ice cream," Traci coached.

   Ann got up on her knees, moved closer, and bent over me as Traci held my
cock upright with her hands. I could feel the heat from Ann's mouth as she
hesitantly brought her face close to my cock. With her tongue she gave several
tentative little licks to the tip and found that it didn't taste gross. In
fact, it was kind of sexy and exciting.

   Gathering a little more courage she brought her mouth close to my prick and
her lips opened and closed around the tip. She pulled at the cockhead several
times with her mouth and lips, then used her tongue some more. After several
licks she let more of my shaft slide into her mouth, her lips pulling at the
soft, smooth skin of my erection. Little by little, more and more of my length
entered her mouth until she was sucking just about as much as Traci. Her red
hair felt soft as it hung down over my loins, her head slowly bobbing up and
down as the thirteen-year-old mouthed my shaft for the first time. The way it
felt, I was hoping it wouldn't be the last.

   "Mmm...that feels good," I said, moaning slightly as I watched her head
slowly move up and down, my cock moving in and out of her warm, wet mouth,
"just watch the teeth."

   "How is it?" Traci asked, grinning as she watched her inexperienced young
cousin get her first taste of cock.

   Ann lifted her head and smiled.

   "It's great. God, it makes me feel so grown up, so sexy. And I can feel
myself getting excited...you know, down between my legs."

   Traci grinned. "I know, it really turns you on, doesn't it. My turn," she
said, her mouth quickly moving down to engulf my shaft as Ann moved a little
out of the way.

   Her head moved up and down a little faster now, and she used her fingers to
lightly skim over the surface, jacking me off as my cock slid in and out of her
warm mouth.


                JHNS-6-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 11/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 6 -- part 2

   Ann knelt next to me and watched the technique, and I could see she was
eager to learn. Her knees were spread apart a little and, when Traci let her
cousin have another turn, I put my right hand up between Ann's legs, cupping
and caressing her pussy through her tightly clinging jean shorts with the palm
of my hand. I felt her body give a little start when she felt the initial
contact, but she seemed to relax right away as my fingers pushed up against her
pubic mound. Her shorts were pulled so tightly up between her legs, I thought I
could feel the roundness of her little cunt folds through the denim material. I
began excite the young girl, running my fingers firmly back and forth between
her parted thighs, my thumb pushing hard up against her clitoris. Now, I had
each of my hands busy playing with the cunts of both thirteen-year-old girls,
though one was still wearing her pants. But, as horny as young girls like this
usually are, I figured it wasn't going to be long before I had her pants off.

   Ann's mouth freely traveled up and down my length now, licking and sucking,
obviously enjoying what she was doing. I softly murmured words of
encouragement, and she used her hand as Traci had done, skimming lightly over
the slippery surface as her mouth moved up and down. I could feel the heat and
wetness from her pussy begin to build between her legs as my fingers continued
to move back and forth, pressing up into her crotch and exciting her. When she
stopped and let Traci have her turn again, I kept my hand busy between her
legs, my fingers rubbing up against her slit as she knelt next to me and
watched.

   I looked up at red-haired girl.

   "Do you like this..what I'm doing to you?"

   "Mmmm...yeah, it feels good..." she said quietly to me.

   "I like playing with girl's pussies like this. But, it'd be more fun and
feel better if I didn't have to do it through your shorts. Why don't you take
'em off?"

   Ann hesitated just an instant, looked at what her young cousin was doing to
me, then seemed to make up her mind and stood up on the floor next to the
mattress. Her hands nervously fumbled with the snap and zipper of her tightly
clinging cut-offs before she peeled them down her shapely hips. She let the
shorts fall to the floor and stepped out of them.

   She was wearing the standard white brief panties that most girls wear and I
could see a small patch of dampness in the padded crotch. I don't think she was
quite ready to take them off completely because she came back and knelt beside
me, now just wearing her panties and tube top.

   As Traci lifted her head to give her cousin a turn, Ann quickly bent down
and eagerly mouthed my cock again, her fingers grasping the wet, slippery shaft
and moving up and down in time with the movement of her horny mouth. I could
feel her tongue move around the tip, caressing the ridges and licking over the
soft, sensitive tip. God, it felt good.

   As the red-haired girl bent over me, I lifted my hand up between her parted
legs again, found her now moistened girl slot, and pushed up into it with the
tips of my fingers through the material of her panties. Her oily wetness coated
the cotton covering and made the crotch of her panties slick as my fingers
moved back and forth in the depression of her cleft. Through her panties I
could feel each rounded fold of her pussy lips and the little valley in between
as I pushed my finger tips up against her cunt opening.

   After a moment, I focused my attention on her clit. As I rubbed back and
forth in quick, hard little circles with the tips of my fingers, I felt the
young girl respond to my motion. Her body sank slightly down against my hand,
increasing the pressure of the contact with her pleasure button as I played
with her pussy. I pushed up through her panties a little harder, cupping the
front of her mound with the heel of my hand and moving my finger tips quickly
over her clit.

   "Mmmm....OHHH...."

   Ann pulled her mouth off my shaft, closed her eyes, and let out a low moan,
the first sound of pleasure she'd made since I'd begun caressing her sweet
little cunt. Her knees spread out a little wider, making more area between her
thighs available to my touch. She was ready for more. Finding the elastic leg
band of her panties with my finger tips, I pulled it aside, exposing her cunt
folds for the first time. I felt the softness of her pussy hair as my finger
tips found the cleft between her rubbery cunt lips.

   God, she was really wet. Her oily sex juice soaked the crotch of her
panties. I straightened out my middle finger and pushed the tip inside her,
finger-fucking the thirteen-year-old for the first time. There was a sense of
tightness as my finger moved up into little girl's cunt, but no real
resistance. I moved just the first part of my finger in and out of her several
times before pushing it up deeply into her and wiggling it around. Her pussy
felt open and waiting.

   Traci sat up still holding my cock upright in her hand and watched as I
began to manipulate her cousin's pussy with my fingers, masturbating the
youngster. The elastic of the leg band of her panties rubbed against the side
of my finger as it moved in and out of her, but I didn't mind. Slowly, I raised
and lowered my hand. I looked down at her crotch and watched as my straightened
middle finger disappeared up into the thirteen-year-old's moist slit before
reappearing, shiny, warm and wet with her sex cream. The crotch of her panties
was completely soaked now, as Ann sat back on her heels, her knees spread out
wide to the sides with a lot of space between them. She made it easy to
finger-fuck her.

   "...you like this, don't you?" I said quietly, glancing up at the red-head
as my finger moved slowly up and down inside her.

   "Yeah......" Her voice seemed to catch in her throat.

   "I like doing it to you; you've got a nice pussy - so wet, so tight. But, I
could do it better if you took your panties off."

   This time she didn't hesitate at all. The girl quickly pulled at the waist
band of her white cotton panties, barely giving me time to pull my finger out
of her. She slid them down over her shapely, pale thighs and down her slender
legs. Lifting one knee at a time she pulled them off and, leaning back, dropped
them on the floor next to the mattress.

   Now, completely naked from the waist down like her cousin, Ann resumed her
position beside me, sitting back on her heels with her knees wide apart, and I
admired her young form for a moment. A thin patch of curly, rust-colored cunt
hair grew in a small triangle up from between her young thighs and across the
bottom of her tapered, flat stomach. The skin over her ass was flawless, pale,
smooth and creamy.

   I raised my hand and cupped the front of her furry pubic mound again with my
palm, and immediately poked my middle finger up deep into her hot, wet hole.
God, she felt good.

   Slowly, I finger-fucked the junior high school girl, marveling at the
smooth, slippery feel of her pussy as it gripped my finger and the obvious
sexual excitement I was creating in her. She closed her eyes and moaned with
horny delight as my finger slid up and down between her clinging cunt lips and
as deeply into her as it could go. Before long, I felt her body begin to move
slightly as she became more and more aroused, lifting up a little as I pulled
my finger out of her and sitting down as it rubbed over her clit and plunged up
into her fuck hole.

   Traci thought it was fun to watch her teenage cousin getting so sexually
turned-on for the first time, but she wanted to get in on the act, too. "Fuck
me while you do her like that.." she said.

   "Sure," I said with a smile. It sounded like a great idea.

   I shifted my legs over to give her some room and lay back while the sexy
thirteen-year-old climbed over me and straddled my loins. She reached down and
her little hand grasped my shaft and aimed up between her opening legs as she
squatted over me. I could feel the wet heat of her drooling sex slit as my
cockhead pressed against her cunt lips, pushed them aside, and wedged in the
entrance to her pussy. Placing the palms of her hands on my chest, she let her
weight pull her down onto me, wiggling her behind as she pushed back and
impaled herself on my prick.

   She gasped, then groaned, as the full length of my cock quickly slipped
fully up into her. I felt her pubic bone settle against the base of my cock,
and I knew I was completely in the horny little girl. Traci wiggled her ass
against me again, loving the feel of being so filled up inside. With her hands
on my chest she rode my prick, slowly, leisurely, raising herself up and
letting my cock pull out just a little before sitting back down on it.

   "God, I love to fuck.." she sighed, her slender, young body slowly bobbing
on my rock-hard shaft. "Your cock is bigger than my brothers' and feels so
good..." Up and down the youngster moved, riding me, enjoying the wonderful
feel of my shaft penetrating her girl hole. Ann watched the sex with breathless
arousal, even as she, herself, was being stimulated between her legs with my
fingers.

   "Aren't you afraid of getting pregnant?" she asked Traci.

   "No..he's sterile and can't get a girl pregnant. When I fuck my brothers,
though, they have to wear condoms. Mmmmm....God, this feels so nice.." she
moaned again as her sweet little body moved up and down over me.

   "You've done it with your brothers?" Ann asked. After everything that had
happened this afternoon she didn't seem very shocked.

   "Yeah...lots of times lately...it's fun and feels so good!"

   "Does it feel better than..this?" Ann asked, as I used two fingers together
to finger-fuck her pussy, opening her up even more.

   "Mmmmm...yeah, lots better," her young cousin replied, moving up and down a
little faster on my shaft.

   "Can I...will you...let me..?" the question hung in the air.

   "You wanna fuck?" I asked the young red-haired girl bluntly.

   Her head nodded agreement.

   "Yeah, what? You gotta say it."

   "I wanna.....fuck..."

   I looked at Traci as she sat, impaled, on me.

   "Is it OK if you take turns?"

   Traci frowned. "OK, but just a little. I wanna make you cum, OK?"

    She sat up and moved off over to the side as my prick slipped out from
between her tight cunt lips and slapped down onto my lower stomach. My pulsing
shaft was shiny and wet with her juices and the smell of sex and sweat was all
around us.

   Ann carefully lifted her leg over my body, knelt over my hips as Traci had
done, and looked down between her open, spread thighs where my cock lay hard
and glistening across my belly.

   "Reach down with your hand and put it into your pussy," I encouraged gently.
I let my hands wander around behind her, caressing the smooth, firm globes of
her pale ass.

   The young girl reach down with her left hand, tentatively grasped my slick
erection, and angled it up between her legs. I felt the tip slide along her
slit and find the opening to her pussy hole. She must've felt it there, too,
because she began to sit back and down onto the already slippery shaft as she'd
seen her cousin do.

   At first, it went in easily, about a quarter of the way. When it met a
little resistance, I used my hands on her ass to guide her and she sat up
slightly, then let her weight carry her back down onto me again. More of my
prick slipped into the thirteen-year-old. Several times she did this, each time
her body sinking lower and lower until, finally, our loins rubbed against each
other and I felt the warmth of her ass settle onto my thighs. I knew she'd
taken my whole cock into her.

   "How's it feel?" I asked softly as she sat on my lap, quiet and still, my
hands still caressing her behind.

   "It didn't hurt or anything. I'm not a virgin anymore, am I?" she smiled
shyly.

   "Nope. You're a young girl finding out what sex is like."

   "God, it feels good...I like it..."

   With my hands under her smooth, white-skinned ass, I lifted her gently,
giving her the idea of moving up and down. She rose up a couple of inches, then
settled back down, the walls of her pussy gripping my cock inside her. Again,
she repeated the movement, a little moan coming from her lips as she sat down
on my cock, the base of my sex shaft rubbing against her clit with each
movement.

   Up and down the young girl, just in her teens, began to move slowly,
discovering the joy of sex as she fucked herself for the first time on my hard
cock. God, she felt good, and I hoped it wouldn't be the last time I was able
to fuck this delightful thirteen-year-old girl.

   Her pussy was very tight and wet, and I could feel the inner walls of her
cunt grip my cock on all sides as it slid in and out of her. I let my fingers
move up and down through the deep crack of her ass and play back there,
caressing the firm, round cheeks of her shapely little behind as she slowly
moved up and down on me. As she raised up, I slipped my hand beneath her, wet
my fingers with the juice from her slit, and pulled them up and down through
her ass cleft, making sure to apply a little more pressure whenever I traveled
over her puckered asshole.

   "My turn," I heard Traci eagerly say as she knelt next to us, excited about
watching her young cousin get fucked for the first time, but horny herself.

   Ann reluctantly sat up, a groan of disappointment coming from her as my
shaft slipped out of her warm, wet hole.

   Traci quickly straddled my lap, grabbed my cock with her hand, tilted it up
and slid herself onto me, immediately setting up a faster up and down motion. I
knew she wanted to climax and that she wanted me to cum inside her. Grabbing
her shoulders and pulling her slender body down on top of me, I rolled her over
onto her back, the base of my cock firmly held in the grip of her cunt lips. As
she settled onto her back, her legs came around me and her ankles locked
together behind my ass, clinging and pulling me into her.

   Slowly, I slid in and out of her hot, tight fuck hole several times, just
enjoying the incredible sensation of fucking the horny little thirteen-year-old
girl. Pulling my prick out until just the tip was inside her, I made several
short, quick little thrusts with just the head, teasing her, before plunging
fully in, the base of my shaft slamming into her clit. Her hot, wet cunt seemed
to be sucking and pulling at my erection like another mouth. The sensations
made me groan with pleasure.

   "Fuck, you feel so fucking good..." I heard myself murmur quietly as my cock
slid in and out of the youngster's wonderful, hot little pussy.

   I looked up at Ann, sitting next to us, still dressed only in her tube top,
almost spell-bound with lust by the sexual display happening before her, her
eyes wide and her breathing quick and shallow.

   "Your cousin's got a great pussy," I said to her, "so wet and tight. I fuck
her any time she wants me to, which is usually pretty often. God, she's a
really horny little girl who really likes to fuck..."

   "Fuck me harder," Traci moaned as she lay underneath me, her hips moving up
and down, meeting each of my thrusts with her own.

   With a little smile I sat back, slipped my arms under her short, slender
legs, and lifted them up onto my shoulders so I could get better penetration. I
moved back over her and her round, little ass and pussy tilted up as her ankles
lay on the top of my shoulders. I moved up close to her and her wonderful
little butt fit nicely in the crease of my thighs. Now, I could shaft more
fully into her.

   I fucked her hard and fast. My cock felt so thick and hard from playing with
these two sweet. young little pussies and I wanted to cum as badly as Traci. My
hips moved quickly back and forth, my lower belly slapping against her
tilted-up ass with each deep, slapping penetration. Traci's cries of pleasure
came louder as her orgasm built.

   I sensed Ann next to us watching our sex play. I glanced over at her in time
to see her slip her hand down between her own legs and begin to finger her
naked little pussy. She was really hot and wanted to get off, too.

   I could feel my balls slap against Traci's wet slit as I fucked again and
again into the little girl, her moans of delight constantly droning in my ear.

   "Oh, God, yeah...fuck me..." she groaned underneath me.

   Her cunt felt like it was pulling, sucking, at my member like a hot, wet
mouth as it quickly slid in and out between the grip of her tight, slippery
pussy lips. I bent further forward over the young girl, supporting myself on my
hands and knees and pumping almost straight up and down into her sweet little
fuck hole. My pubic bone slammed into her clit with each deep thrust causing
the youngster to cry out in pleasure with each stroke.

    Faster and harder I bounced into her, the breath hissing between my teeth
as the pressure of orgasm built in my balls. Several more hard, deep thrusts
and I felt her body suddenly go tense, her back arching slightly and her voice
catching in her throat as she cried out in her orgasm. My cock exploded inside
her at the same time, jets of thick, hot cream shooting deeply into her, the
unusual intensity of my climax created by my arousal from the excitement of
being with the two young girls.

   Traci and I kept our bodies connected for what seemed a long time, reveling
in our orgasm together, her pussy lips holding my shrinking prick. Little
spasms and contractions in my balls continued to send shocks of pleasure
through my loins each time I moved.

   "God, that was nice," I said softly, looking over at Ann. "We both had an
orgasm. I shot my cum into Traci when I came. It feels so good...."

   "Will you do it to me?" she said without shyness or hesitation.

   "God, I love to; your pussy felt really great, but I can't today. It's
getting late and I have to get ready to go to work. I work at night and usually
Traci and I get together in the afternoon like this. And you two should be
getting home anyway. There'll be other times, I promise you," I said, smiling.
"Why don't you two come over tomorrow and we'll have some fun again."

   The girls quickly agreed. I laid on the mattress and watched the two young
girls get dressed as we talked about getting together again. Milky white goo
oozed out of Traci's slit, dribbling down her smooth inner thighs. I usually
kept some towels in the shed and she cleaned herself up.

   Traci told me that Ann was going home the next day and we made plans to get
together again tomorrow. As the girls got dressed and left, I could sense that
Ann was really hot and wanted to do something about it. I thought about Traci's
two brothers at home and figured they would probably benefit tonight from Ann's
sexual awakening and the itch between her legs that needed some scratching. I
was certain that the boys would only be too glad to help their cousin relieve
the sexual tensions that had built up inside her, and I couldn't wait to hear
about it tomorrow.

                              END CHAPTER 6,PART 2
 

                JHNS-7-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 12/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 7 -- part 1

   The two thirteen-year-old's whispered excitedly as they walked along the
alley back to Traci's house. Ann was almost giddy with excitement, having had
her first real sexual experience. The warm, wet tingling between her legs kept
reminding her of the thrills she'd felt sucking a cock for the first time, and
having a cock inside her pussy, too. She was more than ready to experience
much, much more.

   Traci told her cousin about the other things we'd done together and the
things she was doing with her brothers. Ann asked questions constantly: How
does it feel? Did it hurt the first time? What's it like doing it with your
brothers? Aren't you afraid of getting pregnant? Does your mom know? How often
do you do it? Really, all the time? What about when you have your period? You
do what???

   The questions seemed endless and the girls laughed and giggled as they
openly discussed young, uninhibited sex, a whole new world opening up for Ann.
When they got to Traci's house her brothers were home and, for the first time,
Ann secretly contemplated the crotches of the boys' jeans. Having experienced a
cock for the first time, the girl tried to picture what the boys would look
like naked with their erect cocks spewing white cream as she mouthed them or
jacked them off. Or, better yet, how it would feel as they shot off inside her
spasming cunt as they climaxed together. Just thinking these wonderful dirty
thoughts made the thirteen-year-old shiver with excitement and horny
anticipation. She felt her pussy begin to tickle and seep sex cream, making the
crotch of her panties inside her skin-tight shorts damp. But Traci's mom was
home and nothing could be done right now to satisfy the itching she felt
between her legs. The youngsters would have to wait until later on tonight.

   All of the kids sat around watching TV together into the evening, every one
sensing the sexual tension in the air, except for Traci's mom. She didn't seem
to know what was going on.

   Eventually, the girls said their 'good nights' and headed upstairs to their
bedroom to get into their pajamas. Traci stripped out of her tube top and pants
and slipped a long T-shirt over her slender body. Because she wasn't wearing
any underwear, the change was quickly completed. Ann got out of her tube top
and jean shorts, too, her full, bare, freckled breasts jiggling as she moved
about and also donned a long T-shirt.

   "Take your panties off," suggested Traci, "it really feels sexy, walking
around like this without anything on underneath."

   "What's your mom think about that?"

   Traci grinned. "She don't know... I usually just do it when it's just me and
my brothers home.."

   Ann followed her cousin's suggestion and slipped her white cotton briefs
off, stepping out of them as they lay around her bare feet. The two young girls
settled together on top of Traci's big double bed, sitting cross-legged across
from each other, their long T-shirts barely covering their nakedness.

   "This feels really strange," said Ann excitedly, "I kinda like it. It feels
so... you know, dirty, so sexy. God, it's like I'm naked, but I'm not."

   "I don't like wearin' panties much anymore," her cousin replied. "My pants
usually rub up against my pussy and it keeps me horny most of the time,
especially when I ride my bike. God, you wouldn't believe it... the seat just
pushes up against my clit and I rub back and forth as I ride around.... Sounds
kinda weird, don't it, but it does feel good. And it's real easy to have sex
and stuff when you don't have to worry about taking your panties off. Sometimes
I wear a skirt or summer dress around without anything on underneath. God, when
I walk around like that it really makes me horny. My brothers really like it,
too. It keeps 'em horny and hard all the time."

   "One day last week I was wearin' this summer dress with nothin' underneath.
A bunch of us were runnin' around the neighborhood playin' like we usually do
and ended up in this tree house that's in the woods a couple of blocks over.
The other kids took off for a minute and it was just me and Robby. I went over
to him, unzipped his pants, and he pulled a condom on. I just lifted my skirt
and sat down on him and we had a fast fuck before the other's came back. God,
that was fun." She giggle. "We almost got caught. Robby was zippin' up his
pants as the others were climbin' up."

   The girls continued to talk about sex into the night. Traci eagerly shared
her experiences with her cousin, relating the things she'd tried and the
pleasures she'd experienced. Both the young girls found the talk stimulating
and felt the familiar stirrings in the private place between their legs. Traci
wasn't shy at all and, as Ann watched, dipped her fingers down under T-shirt
and between her crossed legs. Ann couldn't quite see clearly but was pretty
sure, from the movement of Traci's hand beneath her pajamas and the look on her
face, she knew what the little girl's fingers were doing under her clothing as
they continued their sex talk.

   Ann's own pussy felt warm and itchy as she watched her cousin so openly play
with herself. Becoming more brave, she found her own right hand slowly begin to
move, almost of it's own will, from her knee down along her leg and inner thigh
until she felt the touch of the hem of her T-shirt pajamas. Like an
irresistible itch, the feeling growing in that place of special pleasure
between her thighs needed to be scratched, and the fingers of her right hand
crawled under her T-shirt pajamas to give her relief.

   The young girl felt the silky pubic hair tickle her finger tips an instant
before they found her slit and began to slowly move them up and down through
the moist little valley. Her girl juice was seeping out already, and her
fingers move easily through the rubbery opening and over her pleasure button.

   "Feel's good, don't it," Ann heard her cousin say with a little laugh after
the girls had been silent for a moment, their concentration on the wonderful
things they were doing to themselves.

   For the first time she was aware that neither of them had spoken for several
minutes. Each was getting caught up in their own private thoughts and sexual
fantasies as they sat across from each other, their fingers delving into their
little cunts as they masturbated.

   "I've never done this in front of anyone before," Ann moaned, her fingers
beginning to work themselves deeper into her fuck hole as her arousal grew,
"Just a couple of times by myself... in my room. Some how it's more exciting
like this...when there's someone else watching..."

   "Wanna try something?" Traci asked.

   "What?"

   Traci got off the bed and went to her closet, opened the door and turned the
light on. Ann could see her reach up to a high shelf and search inside a box,
looking for something. She must've found it, because she turned the light off
and came back holding a skinny box about a foot long. She sat down next to Ann
and took the cover off. Inside were two white plastic shafts: one short, about
five inches long with a blunt end and one about twice as long and a little
fatter with a more pointed end.

   "I got these as a birthday present from Mr. Johnson when I turned thirteen a
couple of weeks ago," she explained.

   "They're called vibrators," she said, picking up the longer one and holding
it up in her hand. "They're for getting yourself off; you know, masturbating...
having orgasms. Mr. Johnson says lots of girls like us use 'em if they don't
think they're ready for fucking but want to have some fun anyway."

   Ann had heard whispers from her friends about vibrators and dildoes.
Sometimes they would joke about bananas or cucumbers, too. But she'd never
really seen one or knew of anyone who used one. She studied the smooth, long,
white shaft.

   "Have you....ya know...done anything with it, yet?" she asked her cousin,
her voice a quiet, almost embarrassed, whisper.

   Traci laughed. "Of course; it's really fun. I did it in front of Mr. Johnson
on the day he gave it to me. God, I really got off that time; and it sure
turned him on, watching me. You turn this little switch at the base...like
this...and then run it around your pussy. It feels really good. After you got
lots of juice you can slip it inside...like this."

   The sexy little thirteen-year-old was eager to demonstrate the sex toy to
her red-haired cousin. She laid back against the headboard of the bed, her
knees in the air and her T-shirt pulled up around her waist. Almost casually
she let her knees fall to the side, opening herself fully, then took the gently
buzzing shaft and placed the tip down against the glistening opening of her
little cunt. Slowly she ran the tip back and forth between the pink outer lips
of her pussy, the vibrations sending exquisite sexual sensations through her
body.

   "God, that feels nice... Now, I can push it up....mmmmmmm...fuck, this feels
good....almost as good as real fucking...."

   Ann watched as Traci lay back, her slender, girlish thighs spread widely
apart as the tapered tip of the long, white shaft disappeared between the folds
of her cousin's little pussy. First just the tip, followed by about three
inches of the softly buzzing shaft.

   Traci looked down between her legs as she slipped the vibrator in and out of
her cunt several times, each time pushing the rod farther and farther down into
her dripping fuck hole as she coated it with her cunt juice. With each
penetration the top of the vibrator brushed over her sensitive clit sending
shivers of pleasure through her young teenage body.

   "God, that looks so....sexy...so dirty..." Ann murmured, almost to herself,
as she watched the little girl masturbate.

   "Yeah, and it feels so good..." her cousin murmured, the softly buzzing
white shaft slipping faster and faster in and out between her swollen pussy
lips. She felt her orgasm building quickly; the vibrator always made her cum
fast, and decided to slow down a little, wanting to draw out the exquisite
sensations and make them last as long as possible. Besides, it was a real
turn-on doing this in front of Ann.

   "What's the other one for?" she heard her cousin ask.

   "Mmmmmm...that's for your asshole," Traci bluntly replied, continually
slipping the vibrator in and out of her pussy.

   "You mean you...put it up your...butt?" Ann asked, almost in disbelief. "Oh,
yeah, and that feels really good, too. In fact, having things up your ass can
make you cum, just like fucking."

   Ann had heard about such things but, at the time, thought it was really
disgusting. But she'd thought using her mouth on a cock was disgusting, too,
until she'd tried it and found out how much fun it could be and how excited it
made her feel. Maybe this wasn't so bad.

   "Have you..you know...ever had someone do it to you? Up your butt?" she
asked her cousin.

   "Sure. Mr. Johnson finger-fucked me in the ass the first time I sucked his
cock. And after he gave me these things I used both of them, sometimes at the
same time. God, did I cum that time. Having something up your ass feels really
good, especially when you're playing with your clit at the same time. Here, let
me show you."

   Letting go of the vibrator and leaving it inserted most of the way up in her
pussy, Traci pushed herself away from the headboard and got up on her hands and
knees. Her tight pussy opening kept the shaft firmly wedged in place as she
moved about. She turned her body so her ass was pointed toward her cousin.

   "Get the other one. Now, turn the switch on. Yeah, now rub it over my pussy
and get it real wet. That's it... God, that feels good already. When it's
really wet push it into my asshole. You gotta push kinda hard and twist it back
and forth to get it through the opening. Yeah, that's it...Oh, God...I can feel
it..feels good, so tingly...."

   Excitedly, Ann had gotten up on her knees beside and in back of the girl and
rubbed the short, gently humming shaft over her cousin's dripping pussy folds
until the white surface glistened with the little girl's oily wetness. It
seemed strange looking between Traci's legs and seeing the blunt, round end of
the other vibrator splitting her blond covered pussy lips. Yet, this new sex
game was making her really excited and very horny. She felt almost light headed
as she followed her cousin's instructions and slowly, but firmly, pushed the
buzzing shaft against the dark, puckered opening of Traci's butt.

   Ann felt Traci's body push back against the insistent forward pressure of
the rounded head of the short vibrator. Suddenly the tip broke through the
tight ring of muscle and about an inch of the anal dildoe slipped inside the
little girl.

   "How's that?" Ann asked, slowly turning the small shaft back and forth as
she pushed more of it up into her cousin's butthole, still uncertain whether it
would feel good or not.

   "Mmmm..really nice...keep pushing it in..all the way," Traci murmured as the
two white vibrators gently buzzed inside her sensitive holes. "Oh, yeah..Oh,
God, that feels good. Now, move the one in my pussy in and out like it's a cock
fucking me...."

   Ann had to admit that the sight was extremely sexy. Her horny
thirteen-year-old cousin was kneeling on the bed, her T-shirt bunched up around
her chest and her cute, round, little ass sticking up in the air while the
blunt ends of two humming sex toys stuck out of the little girl's slit and
asshole. Ann felt highly sexually aroused, her breathing rapid and her body
tingling as she tentatively pulled on the end of the larger vibrator, slipping
it most of the way out of her cousin's gripping pussy opening. The surface was
shiny and wet as it slid out and it strongly smelled of sex. As she pushed it
back in she wasn't sure how far to go and stopped when about half of the length
had disappeared inside the youngster.

   "Yeah," Traci encouraged, wiggling her ass, "push it in more. Fuck, that
feels good. Keep doin' it...Oh, fuck, yeah..... do me...."

   Ann began to slowly slide the smooth, white shaft in and out, masturbating
her cousin with the softly buzzing sex toy. It moved easily between the elastic
tightness of her pussy lips, and the moans and groans of delight that came from
her cousin caused her to smile. I'll bet it feels really good, she thought.
God, I wanna do it next.

   Traci's slender, girlish body began to rock back and forth with the motion
of the moving vibrator as it slipped in and out of her drooling pussy hole. As
Ann pulled it out, Traci would move forward a little before rocking back
against the inward thrust of the sex rod. It was almost as if she was fucking
herself on the penetrating shaft.

   "God, this feels soooo.... good..." she sighed, her eyes closed as intense
waves of sexual pleasure rippled up from between her legs and exploded in her
brain with flashes of bright, white light.

   Ann held the vibrator in her right hand, sliding it in and out of her
cousin, while steadying herself by putting her left hand on Traci's naked lower
back. God, this is fun, she thought, I've never done anything like this before.
There's something incredibly exciting about turning another girl on. God, I
wonder if I can make her have an orgasm?

   She could feel the warm drip of her own sex juices flowing from her slit and
the wonderful warm glow that built between her legs as she became extremely
aroused by her sex act.

   Back and forth Traci's tender teenage body rocked, Ann holding the fuck
stick tightly and pushing it in and out of her pussy. As the pleasure began to
build so did the speed of penetration and Traci began to rock faster back and
forth on her hands and knees.

   "Faster, harder," Ann heard her cousin softly moan, her motions becoming
almost frantic.

   Ann felt her hand hitting against Traci's swollen, wet slit with each deep
thrust of the vibrator. She figured out that this was stimulating her clit,
sending her cousin higher and higher toward orgasm.

   "Oh, God...Oh, God...I'm gonna cummmm....." Traci whined, her ass making a
final hard push back against the plunging, vibrating shaft. Ann saw her
cousin's head snapped back, her eyes squeezed tightly shut as the waves of
orgasm exploded in her head like intense flashes of bright light. The level of
sensations were almost too much, too intense.

   Ann stopped masturbating her cousin and held the vibrator still, fully up
inside the girl as she watched Traci cum, the muscles in her body tense and
rigid as her orgasm rippled up from between her legs. She could almost feel the
glow of sexual pleasure that flowed through Traci's body and couldn't wait to
feel those same utterly enjoyable sensations. For a moment everything was
completely silent in the room except for the slight buzzing from the two shafts
sticking out of Traci's cunt and asshole.

   Finally, after a minute, Traci's wonderfully intense orgasm began to slowly
subside. She reached back and gently pulled the vibrators from her pleasure
holes before collapsing on the bed.

   "God, I don't usually cum that hard," she said, looking up at Ann, grinning.
"That was just about the best orgasm I've ever had."

   Ann smiled, too, pleased she could help her cousin feel so good. Then, her
cousin spoke again, a twinkle in her eye.

   "Now, it's your turn. Get up on your hands and knees and turn around."

   Licking her dry lips in anticipation, Ann eagerly did as she was told.
Kneeling on all fours on the bed, she waited while Traci got on her knees
beside her and lifted the T-shirt pajamas over her ass and pulled it up over
her back. Ann's pale, freckled ass was smooth and flawless without any marks or
blemishes. The curly red hair covering her pussy lips already sparkled with
moisture and she could smell the sweet, pungent odor of sex.

   "Do you wanna try one or both?" she heard Traci ask.

   "Do one first...the one for my...pussy."

   Traci took the larger buzzing shaft, bent over, and place the tapered tip
against the moistening slit of her cousin's pussy. Traci had to admit that she
liked the curly fuzz covering her cunt lips.

   "Spread your legs a little more," she told Ann.

   Ann separated her knees a little farther, opening up her cute pussy even
more.

   With the fingers of her left hand Traci spread Ann's pussy lips apart while
using her right hand to gently, but firmly, begin to slid the softly buzzing
sex rod into her slippery cunt. She heard her cousin groan with the first
wonderful barrage of pleasure that exploded up from between her legs and
rippled through her body as the buzzing vibrator began to penetrate her
sensitive pussy.

   Inch by sensual inch the plastic shaft disappeared into the youngster's fuck
hole, filling her up as never before. Though she'd had a cock inside her for
the first time earlier that afternoon, Ann was still new to having something in
her cunt, and Traci wanted to take her time and let her cousin really enjoy the
marvelous sensations that she had learned to enjoy. Besides, Traci was having
fun doing sex things to her cousin, even if she was a girl. It was almost as
much fun as doing things with her brothers.

   There wasn't any resistance as the vibrator sank bit by bit into the
red-haired thirteen-year-old's cunt and soon only the round end was visible
firmly wedged between the rounded folds of her red fur-covered sex slit. Traci
found it an arousing sight.

   "How's it feel?" she asked her cousin, a little breathless from the
wonderful, dirty sex things she was doing.

   "God, it feels soooo.... good...," her cousin crooned, the white shaft
giving her pussy a sexy, irresistible itch that she was finding she wanted to
scratch.

   "Move it in and out..like I did it to you...", the little girl pleaded,
"make me feel good...give me an orgasm..."

   Traci was only too happy to do what her cousin asked and grabbed the round
protruding end of the vibrator and pulled, slowly withdrawing it from tight
grip of Ann's little-girl cunt. The sweet, sensuous smell of pussy juice was
heavy in the air and Ann's sex oil coated the shaft, making it shiny in the dim
bedroom light as it's length appeared from between her pussy lips. When most of
the vibrator had been pulled nearly all the way out, Traci pushed it back up
inside her cousin, causing Ann to moan quietly again at the wonderful sensation
of being filled up.

   In and out the softly humming shaft slowly moved between the swollen folds
of the thirteen-year-old's cunt. With a big grin on her face, Traci joyfully
masturbated her young cousin with the vibrator as Ann knelt on all fours on the
bed. The youngster was having a lot of fun turning the little girl on to sex.
She found what she was doing to her cousin incredibly sexy and it made her own
pussy moisten as she watched the white shaft slide so deliciously in and out of
Ann's tight, pink opening.

   Ann found the wave after wave of unbelievably pleasurable sensations that
washed over her body so new and so powerful that it was almost uncomfortable.
But, she knew she didn't want them to stop; not now, not ever. She found
herself beginning to rock back and forth on her hands and knees as Traci had
done, pushing herself back onto the pleasure rod as it plunged into her cunt,
then pulling forward, wanting to feel that wonderful feeling, again, as it
filled up her aching pussy. She could feel the sexual tension building, welling
up between her legs as her orgasm quickly approached.

   Back and forth she moved, the vibrator constantly penetrating deep into her
horny little cunt. The two thirteen-year-old girls began to pick up the tempo,
and Traci soon found it was easier just to hold onto the base of the sex toy
with her fist as her young red-haired cousin rocked back and forth on her hands
and knees, fucking herself on the vibrating rod, her juicy cunt lips pulling at
the buzzing plastic shaft. Traci felt the side of her hand bang up against her
cousin's rubbery, wet cunt folds as Ann pushed back harder and harder, her
climax now quickly building toward that final, ultimate explosion of pleasure.

   "Oh, God...OOOHHHHH...GGGGOOODDDDDDDDDD...." the youngster howled
uncontrollably as her insides began that funny melting feeling. Bright white
lights flashed in her head as intense, nearly over-whelming, sensations of
sexual pleasure exploded between her thighs and rippled through her entire
body. She stopped the rocking motion and held herself rigid, her muscles tense,
the vibrator still buried deep in her cunt and still sending wave after wave of
warm, wonderful feelings washing over her.

   It was like something she'd never felt before, such wonderful, indescribable
pleasure. Now she knew why her girlfriends who'd become sexually active talked
so about much sex and how good it felt and how much fun it was. If doing it
with a boy could give her these kinds of feelings again, could give her orgasms
like this, God, she'd find boys to do her all the time.

   Traci sensed her cousin's orgasm begin to subside and gently pulled the
vibrator out of the sucking grip of her pussy and switched off the softly
buzzing shaft.


                JHNS-7-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 13/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 7 -- part 2

When Ann felt the sex rod being pulled out of her cunt she groaned in
disappointment, then collapsed forward and laid full length on the bed, her
eyes closed. She savored the giddy warmth of her climax as it began to flow
from her body. Traci laid down next to her and, after a few minutes, Ann spoke.

"I had an orgasm, didn't I?" she finally said with a dreamy, far away tone.

"..sure did," Traci said with a grin, "How was it?"

"I've never felt anything that felt so good before. Sometimes, when I...did
things to myself with my fingers, I felt that...that feeling start to grow. But
I always quit before it...you know..."

"You stopped doing it before you came, right? I'll bet you'll never stop
again," her cousin teased.

Ann smiled, her eyes sparkling.

"Bet I won't either. God, that felt so good. Does it feel like that...you know,
with a boy?"

"You bet it does. Sometimes even better. It's really a great feeling to feel a
guy's cock shooting off inside you. You can feel it kinda throb and stuff as it
spurts. Sometimes that's enough to give me an orgasm."

"Do you usually...cum..when you have sex?"

"No, not all the time, but usually. It's just fun doin' it, though. It's so
sexy, so dirty, doin' sex things like this and havin' guys do sex things to
you."

"And..you've been doin' things with your brothers?" Ann asked.

"Sure. We give each other orgasms all the time. When they fuck me they wear a
condom so they can't get me pregnant so it's no big deal. And I love to suck
their cocks and drink their cream."

Ann thought about that for a moment.

"What's it..you know, taste like?"

"Kinda thick and salty. I like it." Traci smiled. "Bet you would, too." She
lowered her voice in a secretive way. "Wanna go over to their room and do 'em?"

"You mean...now?"

"Sure. Mom's sleepin' downstairs and she don't hear a thing. We do things to
each other at night all the time. The boy's have just been a little shy since
you've been here. They've told me they'd like to do some things with you, but
they think you'd be chicken and tell."

Ann grinned wickedly. This was a challenged she was happy to accept. "Let's
go," she whispered excitedly.

The girls got up from the bed and slipped silently across the hall. The door to
the boy's bedroom was open about half-way and they crept inside. The shades
were open and the windows raised about half-way. A bright moon lit the room,
and the girls had no trouble seeing the bunk beds where the two brothers lay
fast asleep. Because of the hot summer night they didn't have blankets covering
them, and the only thing the boys were wearing were small, light cotton gym
shorts with baggy open legs.

Ann saw Traci silently motion that she was to do Robby, the younger of the two
boys. He was sleeping on the lower bunk, and the young red-head knelt down next
to the sleeping boy. He was turned slightly on his side toward her, one leg out
straight and the other slightly angled. Ann knew what she wanted to do, and
lightly slid her hand along the boy's leg and up into his shorts.

His small, shriveled cock felt really strange when she found it with her
fingers just inside the open leg of his shorts. She gave the small head a few
gentle tugs with her finger tips and the little boy's sex shaft responded
immediately, growing and lengthening even as she continued to slip her fingers
over the smooth, velvet surface. As it became erect she was able to guide it
down and out so that the head finally popped out along the bottom of the leg.
Because the shorts were baggy, Ann could lift the swollen member almost
straight up and she eagerly bent down and slipped her lips around the pulsing
shaft, anxious to taste a boy's spewing sex cream for the first time.

Traci stood beside her kneeling cousin, reached up, and groped for her older
brother's cock as he lay on his back on the upper bunk. Jeff awoke almost
immediately to the touch of his little sister's hand in his shorts. Right away
he knew what she was up to and, without a word exchanged between them,
enthusiastically cooperated by lifting his behind and pulling off his shorts.
Dropping them on the bed, the naked boy turned onto his side and brought his
crotch right up to the edge of the bed where his horny little sister could
easily perform oral sex on him.

The wanton little thirteen-year-old girl grabbed her brother's already stiff,
smooth shaft and licked all around the red sculpted tip, her tongue slipping
and sliding around each side from top to bottom as she held the boy's throbbing
sex rod in her right hand. With her other hand she made small gentle circles
over the twin spheres of his balls, skimming her finger tips lightly over the
skin at the same time. She knew this made him especially horny and that he'd
cum real hard. It had been a couple of weeks since she'd done anything sexual
with her older brother and she was eager to have some fun with him.

Robby thought he was having the greatest, most vivid wet dream of his life as
he lay in bed. He dreamed he felt a warm, wet mouth surround his cock and a
tongue washed his shaft, creating sexy images in his mind of a young girl
lavishing sexual attention on him. Through the fog of half-sleep he pictured
his nubile, young, red-haired cousin, who was visiting them, bent over his lap
sucking his hard, horny member. As he came fully awake, the half-imagined image
became real and, with fully open eyes, the boy could clearly see the
thirteen-year-old girl moving her head up and down as his hard, little cock
slid in and out of the tightened lips of her mouth.

Ann was really enjoying the sexy act but was having trouble playing with the
boy's cock through his shorts. She wanted access to the entire slippery sex
shaft and she pulled her mouth of the lovely, smooth rod.

The boy's small, wet cock popped out of her mouth.

"Help me take your shorts off," she whispered to the little boy as she pulled
at the elastic waist band of his gym shorts.

Robby was glad to oblige her wishes. He lifted his slender, boyish hips, and
used his hands along with hers to pull the shorts down his legs and off his
feet.

"Here.. sit up," the slightly older girl continued, moving his legs around to
the side of the bed so he was sitting on the edge, his bare feet on the floor
and his legs apart. The shapely little red-headed girl moved on her knees in
between them, reached out, closed both her small hands around his cock, and
tilted it up so she could put him in her mouth and enjoy the taste and feel of
him again.

The smooth, warm skin of her cousin's prick felt so good sliding in and out
through her tight, rounded lips. She felt so grown-up, so sexy, as she joyously
licked his sex shaft. The eleven-year-old boy had virtually no hair on his cock
and balls and Ann, though she'd enjoyed oral sex with an older guy, especially
liked this new sexy sensation of his nearly hairless little-boy shaft moving in
and out of her mouth between her tightened lips. She also liked the size of the
smaller prick; it seemed to fit her mouth much more naturally, and she began to
think of the young boys in her own neighborhood who would enjoy her newly
acquired taste for sucking off young, hard little cocks.

She imagined places around her neighborhood where she could secretly enjoy oral
sex with them: a small patch of woods, a dark storage garage, even an old tree
house in the nearby park. She pictured the boy next door, a cute little seventh
grade boy, who would talk to her sometimes when they were both out in the yard.
She barely knew him, but she was sure she was going to know him much better a
few weeks after she got back home. The sexy thoughts made her feel warm and
tingling inside, especially between her legs, and she felt her slit getting wet
with excitement.

Several times she used her tongue to lick around the small reddened tip,
slipping the tip of her tongue along the different contours and ridges before
engulfing the head of the young boy's cock with her warm, wet eager little
mouth. She remembered how, earlier that afternoon, Traci had used her fingers
along with her mouth when enough drool had made the surface wet and slippery
so, after a minute or two, she reached up and put her left hand around the
boy's smooth and slimy prick and lightly skimmed up and down over the surface.
The girl's mouth and hand moved together, orally and manually stimulating the
boy, and it was having the desired effect.

"Mmmmm....God, that's good... you're gonna make me shoot..." she heard her
young cousin croon in the half-darkness of the bedroom as she knelt on the
floor between his short little legs. Her head bobbed constantly up and down as
she pulled on the young boy's small, hard cock with her lips, sucking at the
swollen male member. The little red-haired girl felt incredibly sexy and
powerful inside knowing she was driving him crazy with lust. God, doing this is
making my pussy so hot and wet, she thought to herself. She couldn't wait to
feel the pulsing of his cock as he shot into her mouth. What would it taste
like, she wondered. Traci said it tasted thick and salty... God, this is so
fun..so fucking fun.....she thought.

Above her, Jeff was laying on his side at the edge of the mattress moving his
hips slightly back and forth and watching his hard, throbbing, sex shaft slide
in and out of his little sister's hungry, horny mouth. She stood on the floor
right next to the bunk bed, her face even with his loins and a perfect height
for performing oral sex on her older brother as he lay there.

Her tightened lips made a warm, wet ring around his cock as it slipped in and
out of her mouth. It had been a week or so since his little sister had last
done him like this, and the teenage boy grinned with lusty joy as he gazed at
the little vixen so eagerly, so naturally, mouthing him and wanting him to cum
in her mouth. God, I'm sure lucky to have a sister who'll do me like this, he
thought happily.

Traci had drooled enough over the shaft that she could hold it between both of
her hands, and the greasy, fleshy rod slipped easily through them, the added
friction creating incredible pleasure for the lusty teenage boy. As the
slippery, pulsing cock moved back and forth the little girl would lick the
smooth red tip, slurping up the drops of moisture seeping from the little hole
on the tip before letting it slide through her hands, between her tightened
lips, and back into her sucking little mouth.

She heard her older brother moan with appreciation and pleasure at her wanton
sex act. God, she loved doing this to guys...especially her brothers...

The bunkbed began to creak slightly with increased motion as Jeff's orgasm
quickly built in his balls. His hips moved faster and faster, gently rocking
the bed as he frantically pumped his throbbing prick in and out of Traci's
tight, horny mouth. Her hands, lightly skimming over the surface of his shaft
with just the right amount of pressure felt especially good, and the boy began
to feel the now-familiar build-up of pleasurable tension in his balls as he got
ready to shoot.

Back and forth his hips moved faster, his cock practically fucking his little
sister's face through her pursed lips and slippery tightened fist. He could
feel her urging him on with her fingers, arousing him, waiting for him to
explode in her mouth so she could drink his sex cream. He closed his eyes,
relaxed, and let it happen.

"Oh, God, I'm gonna cum......OH, GODDDD......FFFUUUCCKKKKK...."

With a throaty grunt and a final hard thrust he pressed his hips forward, his
back arched and his body rigid, his cock pulsing and shooting into his little
sister's hot, sucking mouth. As he felt himself start to cum he grabbed the
back of Traci's head with his hand, holding it still against his spurting shaft
as he spewed wads of hot, thick cream into her sweet mouth. Waves of wonderful
sexual pleasure rippled through his body as he came, each new spasm more
intense than the last as he experienced that unique sensation of his insides
melting with his sexual climax. Five, six, seven times he felt his shaft throb
and spray cum into the warmth of his sexy little sister's mouth until his cock
gradually stopped it's erotic pulsing and began to soften and shrink with the
passing of his orgasm.

Traci had been taken by surprise by her big brothers unusually intense climax.
His sex cream almost seemed to explode from his cock as he grabbed and held the
back of her head, and she hurriedly tried to gulp it down as more jets of cum
from each new spasm filled her mouth. She'd never felt him cum that hard
before, and the horny little girl guessed that he hadn't had his balls emptied
in a while. She was pleased she could do it for him.

Traci knew that Jeff was having trouble convincing Jenny, his new girlfriend,
to do sex things with him. She must be stupid, Traci thought. If girls only
knew how much fun doin' sex stuff was, and how good it felt, they'd be sucking
guys off and dropping their panties all the time.

 As his little spurts died away, she felt a warm stickiness dribble down the
corner of her mouth as some of her brother's cream bubbled out. With a quick
flick of her tongue the little thirteen-year old girl slurped it up, not
wanting to lose a drop of her brother's yummy cum.

Jeff's eleven-year-old brother wasn't far behind. The little boy's young
red-headed cousin was learning quickly, and soon got her first mouthful of
salty-tasting boy sex juice as Robby's cock suddenly exploded in her mouth. The
first shot of hot wetness hitting the back of her throat took the
thirteen-year-old girl by surprise, and she momentarily pulled back. The tip of
the little boy's small, hard sex shaft slipped out of her mouth, though she
still held it with her hand. Several more spurts hit her cheek before she
engulfed the pulsing shaft again with her lips, licking and swallowing the rest
of his cum.

Robby groaned weakly as his balls throbbed pleasurably. He reach down and
petted Ann's thick, soft red hair as he gazed down between his thin, boyish
legs at the teenage girl lapping up the rest of his sex juice. Her tongue
licked all around the already softening little shaft still firmly held between
her lips. Finally releasing his flaccid and shrunken prick, she sat up, happy
and very horny, wiping drops of white cream from her face and around her mouth,
her hot little pussy so itchy and wet between her legs.

"God, that was fun.." she said with a lewd smile, not really to anyone.


                JHNS-8-1.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 14/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              CHAPTER 8 -- part 1

   The girls cleaned their faces, wiping them on their T-shirts as they giggled
and talked in quiet, excited voices about their experience. As they lifted up
their long T-shirts the brothers saw that the two young girls were naked
underneath, and the boys hoped this wasn't the end of the night's sexual
adventures.

   Right away Jeff suggested that the girls take their T-shirts off so they'd
all be naked, and the two junior high school girls eagerly complied. The four
horny youngsters sat in a small circle on the floor of the dimly lighted
bedroom, completely at ease with their nakedness as they talked in quiet, low
voices so they wouldn't wake their mother. The moon was almost full and the
bright light streaming in the windows lit the room enough for the kids to see
each other quite clearly.

   The girls sat cross-legged across from each other, a boy beside each one.

   The two brothers couldnD5t keep their eyes off them, hungrily gazing down at
the small furry patch between their legs and the hard points of their nipples,
especially Ann's. The boys were used to seeing the small, just sprouting tit
mounds of their sister, but Ann's much more full, creamy, freckled breasts and
long, thick, pink nipples were a new and especially erotic sight to them. It
wasn't long before the two boys felt their spent, shriveled shafts begin to
stir and grow hard again, as they sat next to the two naked thirteen-year-old
girls.

   "I'm so glad ID5ve had a chance to do this," whispered Ann excitedly to the
others. "God, I knew that sex was supposed to feel good and be fun and stuff,
but I never thought itD5d be like this."

   "I know, isn't it great. I thought just having your pussy played with was
great, but fucking and sucking is so much better," Traci answered
matter-of-factly. "It's especially nice when you've got someone around all the
time that you can do it with practically any time you want."

   Traci smiled at her brothers as she said this, then boldly reached over and
pulled at Robby's lengthening shaft as he sat beside her, running her fingers
up and down the little boy's velvet-smooth cock, already stiff and hardened
again. Her hand lightly skimmed over the sensitive surface of his little-boy
sex shaft before she gently pulled at the ridge around the small, sculpted head
with her finger tips. The young eleven-year-old boy groaned quietly with
pleasure at his sister's attention, always happy when she wanted to play with
his cock - and that was pretty often. He scooted a little closer to her so she
didn't have to reach so far.

   The kids talked about sex for a while, and Traci and Ann told the boys about
Ann's sexual initiation earlier that day. Ann told her story about watching
Jeff finger-fuck Traci in the kitchen the last time she visited them. She told
how excited it made her feel and confessed, again, to her secret desire to have
Jeff do things with his fingers to her pussy like she'd seen him do to his
little sister.

   Traci's brother was quick to oblige his sexy, turned-on young cousin and, as
the frank, lusty sex talk continued, all of the young kids soon had their hands
busy touching, feeling, caressing each other. They were completely unashamed of
their nakedness or their tremendous sexual desires, and completely caught up in
what seemed to be a natural giving and receiving of sexual pleasure.

   Both of the girls were sitting cross-legged, a boy beside each them. As they
talked, the brothers' hands had boldly reached down between the girls' parted
thighs to their moist, inviting girl slits, their fingers casually sliding up
and down between the wet, rubbery folds of their hot little fuck holes.

   Performing oral sex on the two boys had made both of the young girls really
horny, and they were eager to have the boys play with their hot little pussies
and make them feel good, too. They especially liked it when, after a minute,
the boys' fingers probed up deep into their tight, wet fuck holes and they
finger-fucked the two junior high school girls with the slender shafts. As
fingers slipped through their slits and rubbed over their swollen clits, the
girls moaned quietly at the wonderful, sexy sensations, their oily sex juices
flowing from their pussies as the young boys lewdly played with their luscious
little cunts.

   The two young girls also enjoyed themselves, loving the attention the boys
were giving to their sex while they, in turn, readily caressed each brother's
balls and cock with their fingers. They took turns with each of them, feeling
the weight of each smooth, nearly hairless little sac with their eager hands
before wrapping their fingers around the hard, pulsing shafts and skimming up
and down over the soft surface of the boys' cocks with their fists. By the
little whimpers and groans the boys were making as the two young girls played
with their hard, velvety pricks, Traci and Ann could tell the boys liked what
they were doing, and soon all the kids could feel the growing sexual tension in
the air.

   Traci turned to concentrate on Robby's hard little cock, using both of her
hands to masturbate her little eleven-year-old brother by lightly slipping her
fist over the surface of the shaft with one hand while she used the other to
gently caress and play with his balls. She looked down at her brother's loins
and watched what she was doing, pleased by the boy's moans of pleasure and the
drops of clear juice that began to seep from the little hole on the tip of his
small, hard erection. She sure liked making cocks shoot off.

   Robby's hand was still busy between his sister's legs as he cupped and
caressed her pubic mound. The soft, curly hair tickled the palm of his hand as
he held his first two fingers together and slid them slowly and deeply in and
out of the thirteen-year-old girl, masturbating her. He knew she really liked
that and, as their mutual arousal grew, both of the kids were quickly reaching
the point of no return.

   "God, you're gettin' me so hot," she finally murmured to her brother, their
actions more urgent, more wanting. "Let's fuck..."

   Robby was more than ready to follow his sister's suggestion, and he got up
and went to the closet where the boys secretly kept the boxes of condoms I
supplied them through their sister. Grabbing a box, he returned, his small,
stiff sex shaft gently swinging slightly back and forth in front of him as he
walked across the room.

   "What're you gonna do?" Ann asked her cousin, excitedly sensing that
something was going to happen.

   "Robby 'n me are gonna fuck," Traci answered bluntly with a lewd, horny
little smile.

   Turning her body so that she was away from the other two kids, Traci lay
back on the floor with her feet on the floor and her knees in the air. Her
naked little brother stood above her and hungrily gazed down at the girl's
beckoning sex slit. Quickly, he tore open one of the foil packets and rolled
the condom down over his shaft.

   Jeff turned to his red-haired cousin as she sat next to him. His right hand
was down between her thighs, his palm held tightly against her red fur-covered
pubic mound as the tip of his middle finger casually slipped in and out of her
silky, wet cunt hole.

   "Do ya wanna do it?"

   "OK. I...haven't done it much....just once..a little..today.."

   Jeff smiled.

   "That's OK. I'll show you."

   He stood and took the box of condoms from his little brother, found one, and
pulled the foil wrapper open.

   Meanwhile, Ann watched as Robby, his short, erect sex shaft now covered with
a condom and jutting up at angle from his loins, knelt on the floor between his
sister's knees, his hands on the floor beside her shoulders and his arms
straight. Traci moved her feet farther apart to make room for him and, as he
positioned himself over her. She lifted her feet up, put her hands on her
knees, and pulled them back and apart, almost to her chest, as she eagerly
opened her horny little cunt for her equally horny little brother.

   Even though he was just eleven-years-old, Robby was much more experienced
about sex now than the first time he'd fucked his sister. The knowing little
boy used his left hand to tilt his cock down, quickly finding his sister's
slippery sex slit with his cockhead and pushing the tip into her wet, waiting
fuck hole. When he felt her small cunt opening grip the top part of his prick,
he let go of his shaft and leaned over the little thirteen-year-old girl. With
his hands on the floor on either side of her slender, young body, the little
boy thrust his slender, naked hips forward and down.

   Her cunt was already slick from the kids' earlier sex play, and the horny
little boy slid easily and completely into her slippery cunt hole right away.
Immediately, the now-familiar, intensely pleasurable sensations of sex rippled
through his skinny, pale, little-boy body, and he quickly shafted his stiff
little cock fast and hard several times in and out of her, banging the base up
against her sensitive clit. He seemed to be completely lost in the fantastic
feeling of fucking his sister.

   The girl responded by wrapping her short, slender legs around his pumping
ass and holding him deep inside her, loving the feel of her brother's cock
pounding into her and sliding over her pleasure button.

   Robby felt the pressure of her heels on his naked behind as the horny little
girl clung to him, urging him on with her moans of delight.

   Ann had seen her young cousin fuck earlier that day, but watching her get

   balled by one of her own brothers was something else, and incredibly
exciting to the young girl. Her breath seemed to catch in her throat and she
felt light-headed, almost dizzy, as she watched the two young kids eagerly
couple, aroused not just by the sight of them so casually having sex with each
other, but finding the idea of a brother and sister so easily and so naturally
engaging in such forbidden sex play so....dirty, so....sexy, so....desirable.

   God, it looked good. Ann didn't have a brother, but she knew now, if she
did, she'd try to get him to fuck her as soon as she got home. Just thinking
about these wonderful thoughts made her warm sex juices gush from her pussy.
God, it'd be so great to have someone around to do sex things with me all the
time, she thought to herself as she sat on the floor and watched the erotic
scene before her.

   Jeff had rolled a condom over his hard, throbbing erection and sat down in
back of his cousin. He noticed that Ann seemed to enjoy watching his brother
and sister fuck, and he did, too. God, he thought to himself as he turned his
head and gazed at his cousin's naked body, I sure like her tits. The teenage
boy got up on his knees right behind Ann, draped his arms over her shoulders,
and slid his hands down her front and over her full, freckle-skinned breasts.
He cupped and massaged the pale, almost white, full tit mounds with the palms
of his hands while his fingers gently squeezed and played with her long, hard,
pink nipples.

   Turning, Ann reached up with her left hand and pulled the boy's face down to
hers. Her mouth opened and her tongue slipped into his mouth, licking and
sucking, as she adored the feeling of her cousin's hands cupping her breasts
and pulling at her swollen, sensitive nipples.

   The boy quickly responded, his own tongue plunging into the girl's eager
mouth, and the two kids kissed long and hard, their tongues intertwining.

   Finally, Ann broke away and contentedly lay back against the naked young
teenage boy, enjoying the erotic caresses of his hands over her smooth, aching
breasts. The two of them breathlessly gazed at the lusty sight of the other two
youngsters fucking so freely on the floor beside them.

   Their anticipation and arousal grew quickly as they watched the torrid sex
scene. Robby's pale little behind continually rose and fell as his short,
stiff, little cock slithered in and out of his sister's sodden cunt hole.
Sometimes he would fuck quickly into her, his cock almost stabbing the young
girl's sex several times before slowing down and taking long, deep strokes,
pressing his loins hard against her as the base of his cock rubbed against her
pubic bone and clitoris.

   Traci lay beneath him, her arms around his neck, her knees spread way out to
the sides and her feet around him, heels rubbing against Robby's smooth,
pumping little ass as the glow of orgasm began to build between her short,
slender legs. With each collision of their loins the little girl could feel the
growing pleasure, that wonderful, indescribable ecstasy that only sex could
give. Traci was glad that her brother had already cum once; she knew, from
experience, that he'd be able to fuck her a lot longer before shooting off
again, and she could already feel her orgasm building in her body.

   The other two kids could hear the sensual wet slap of bare flesh against
flesh and the throaty groans of pleasure as the horny brother and sister
joyously made that hot, moist, sex connection over and over again. The sounds
and smells of casual young sex filled the room. The scent of the kids'
youthful, sweaty, unwashed bodies mixed with the sweet, pungent odor of the
girls' flowing cunt juices creating a smell that served to make them all even
more horny.

   Finally, Jeff and Ann couldn't stand it any longer. Watching others having
sex was fun and a real turn-on, but Ann could feel the hot, hard shape of her
cousin's cock pressing against her naked lower back as she leaned back against
him, and she knew that wasn't the place she wanted to feel it. Turning her head
she looked at the fourteen-year-old boy sitting behind her, his hands still
constantly playing with her breasts and making her feel so horny.

   "You gonna fuck me?" she said softly to the boy, the exciting new words
sounding very natural and sure as they came out of her mouth.

   "Sure," he answered with a grin. "How do you wanna do it?" he asked, finger
tips pulling and rolling her long, erect nipples, making her hot and wet.

   "I...don't know...."

   Jeff had already decided how he wanted to do his cousin. Her clinging shorts
had shown off her tight, shapely ass the minute she'd arrived.

   "Let's do it doggy style."

   "What's that?"

   "That's what they call it when you get up on your hands and knees and I do
you from behind."

   Remembering her experience with that position and the vibrator earlier that
evening, she liked the idea.

   "Mmmm...sounds good..."

   Jeff found her eagerness even more arousing. "Get on your hands and knees
like I said...yeah, like that. God, you've got a great looking pussy. That red
hair looks so sexy..."

   Ann smiled to herself. The girl really liked what he was telling her as she
got up onto her hands and knees. She liked the dirty words and the frank, sexy
language the three kids so casually used; it seemed to make things so much more
exciting. She never realized how satisfying it would be to be a good sex
partner, how fun and exciting it was to make someone else feel good. Now, she
wanted to be the best she could be, to enjoy herself and help Jeff have fun,
too.

   Jeff knelt behind the little thirteen-year-old red-headed girl and moved her
feet and legs apart so he could get in between them and up close behind her.
His loins were about level with her round, pale, freckled ass, and he pushed
his hard, throbbing condom-covered sex shaft down with his hand, angling it so
that it was nearly straight out and in-line with her already moist sex hole.
Leaning slightly forward, the tip of his cock brushed against the puffy folds
of her pussy before pushing the larger lips of her cunt apart and penetrating
the entrance of his cousin's little sex slit.

   Watching the ridge around his cockhead disappear between the two folds
covered with silky red hair and feeling the heat of her tight, warm pussy, he
pressed his hips forward even more until just the cockhead and the first part
of his shaft was securely held by the elastic grip of the youngster's
deliciously tight little cunt opening. The boy was taking his time and letting
the young, inexperienced girl get used to having a cock inside her.

   He found she wasn't any tighter than his little sister, and her cunt felt so
wet and so good as it closed around the first part of his sex shaft that he
didn't pause for very long. Letting go of his prick, he put his hands around
her slender waist just above her girlish hips and began to pull her body back
onto him as he thrust his loins slowly, but firmly, forward.

   Ann felt the initial penetration of the boy's cock into her, the fullness of
his shaft feeling wonderful as it began to fill up the empty place between her
legs, and she was impatient to feel more of his thickness inside her. When she
felt Jeff grab her waist and pull her back, she helped him by pushing slightly
back, and was rewarded with an incredible explosion of intensely pleasurable
sensations radiating up from her loins as her cousin's hard, throbbing prick
slid farther and farther into her.

   Slowly, bit by bit, the bodies of the two kids came together in that
connection of ultimate pleasure. Jeff knew he was fully inside the
thirteen-year-old girl when he felt the smooth warmth of her pale ass cheeks
pressing against the front of his thighs. He stayed like that for just a
moment, mounted on her from behind, reveling in the feel of his cousin's hot
little pussy gripping and massaging his cock like a velvet glove. But it felt
too good to stay still like that, and almost immediately he began to sway back
and forth, his hard, pulsing cock sliding just a little in and out of the young
girl.

   Finding he could move pretty easily between the grip of her pussy lips and
smelling the strong, pungent scent of her dripping cunt, he began to move a
little faster in and out of her, fucking the horny youngster for the first
time. God, her tight pussy felt so good, so incredibly good, as he moved in and
out of her. He couldn't help think how glad he was that his cousin came to
visit this week, and the boy hoped she would visit a lot more often now that
there was something really fun they could do together.

   "Oh, God, this feels good..." the red-haired little girl murmured softly as
she knelt on all fours in front of the young boy, her slender, pale body
rocking slightly back and forth, impaling herself on his hard shaft as it slid
in and out of her from behind.

   "You like this, huh? You like having your cousin fuck you like this?" said
Jeff, his thrusting deeper and harder as his voice emphasized the dirty sex
words. She felt so good. His arousal grew quickly and his cock felt so thick
and hard inside the little girl. "Tell me you like me fucking you..."

   "Oh, yeah..I like it. God, I love it... Mmmmm...feels so good having you
fuck me like this. Oh, God, it feels sooooo.... good, so fucking good," she
moaned, so aroused by the sound of the dirty words and the sheer excitement of
young, newly discovered sex.

   Ann almost couldn't stand the incredibly intense sensations that rippled
through her body again and again as the boy's cock plunged in and out of her
from behind. She'd had a taste of sex that afternoon and discovered having
orgasms with a vibrator earlier that night, but neither experience totally
prepared her for the truly incredible sensations that having sex with her
fourteen-year-old cousin was creating between her legs.

   She found herself rocking back and forth on her hands and knees, just as she
had earlier that night, only this time it wasn't a vibrator, but a boy's cock
she wanted, her ass meeting each deliciously deep inward plunge of Jeff's shaft
into her. As they moved faster her ass cheeks smacked continually against the
front of the young boy's thighs and each time the base of his hard prick
bounced against her clit it sent more wonderful electric shocks of pleasure
exploding in her head.

   Back and forth the two young kids moved as one, completely immersed in a
haze of glorious wild, young sex. Nothing else in the world existed except the
sensations of sexual excitement and the pleasurable rhythm that would lead to
that ultimate release of sexual tension. The strong scent of cunt juice and
body odor, and the slapping sound of Ann's pale, round behind bumping against
the front of Jeff's naked thighs only added to the kid's arousal.

   Though caught up in her own exquisite, forbidden pleasure, Ann still heard
the whimpering cry of her cousin a moment later as Traci's first climax welled
up from between her thighs and exploded in her head. As she rocked back against
Jeff's driving cock, Ann glanced down at her cousin laying on the floor next to
her and watched her cum.

   Traci's short, slender legs pulled and grabbed tightly at the naked
eleven-year-old boy who lay still between her widely spread thighs. The girl
held her little brother deep inside her as the spasm of her cunt gripped his
small, hard shaft, the muscles of her body rigid in orgasm. God, I love to
fuck.. .she sighed to herself as the explosion of intense pleasure began to
ripple away. I'm so lucky to have two brothers who'll do me all the time...

   Robby hadn't cum yet and, when he felt his sister's legs begin to relax
around his ass and loosen their grip on his body, he quickly resumed his
thrusting into the little girl, driving himself to his orgasm. He wanted to
cum, too.

   "Let's do it a different way," he heard his sister say as she lay beneath
him.

   He stopped thrusting into her.

   "How?"

   "Do me from behind, like Jeff's doin' Ann."

   Robby liked the idea. He always enjoyed fucking his sister from behind. The
feel of her ass against his loins was really a turn-on for him and the position
seemed especially sexy.

   The boy sat back on his knees and his condom-covered prick pulled out of the
girl's tight slit and sprang upright into the air, still so hard and erect and
full of juice.

   Quickly, the horny little thirteen-year-old girl rolled over onto her
stomach and spread her legs a little as she offered her shapely behind to the
small boy. Traci wiggled her ass in anticipation of the fucking fun to come,
anticipating that first wonderful shock of pleasure as his prick entered her.

   Robby climbed up over her, lifted his knees and straddled her thighs, his
slender little cock sitting up so straight from this loins. With his right hand
he pushed the head of the condom-covered shaft down toward he pleasure place.
The tip quickly found and slipped through the narrow crack of her ass several
times before he finally felt the hot, wet, fleshy opening to her little girl
cunt hole. Immediately thrusting his hips forward a little, his sex shaft slid
into his sister about half-way.

   God, this feels so good, he thought to himself, as he leaned over her and
put his hands on the floor on either side of the girl. Supporting himself on
straight, stiffened arms, the young boy began to slowly, leisurely, move his
hips back and forth, his cock sliding fully in and out of his sister's tight
little cunt from behind, her small, pale ass cheeks fitting nicely in the
crease of his thighs.

   Traci really liked to fuck this way. A cock seemed to rub over her clit in a
little different way, a better way, and already she could feel the growing
tension between her legs as her eleven-year-old little brother sat mounted on
her from behind eagerly plunging his hard little cock in and out of her wet
pussy.

   Ann hadn't yet noticed her cousin's change in position. She was too wrapped
in the incredibly delicious, dirty sensations that only a hard cock sliding in
and out of your pussy could create in a young teenage girl just discovering
sex. The feeling was becoming intoxicating, almost addicting, to the
thirteen-year-old girl, and she knew that, as soon as she got home, she'd want
to find boys willing to do her; to give her a good fucking and create these
feelings between her legs again and again.

   Her girl friends who'd already begun to have sex had told her that, once she
started fucking, she wasn't going to want to stop because it was so fun and
felt so good. God, they were right. After this, she never wanted to stop having
sex. She only wished that, like Traci, she had a brother or two who could do
her when ever she wanted. God, that would be so great; to have someone to fuck
her whenever she was horny. These thoughts flashed through her head as wave
after wave of incredible sexual pleasure jolted through her body each time
Jeff's cock slid all the way into her and the base jammed up against her clit.

   "Oh, God, you feel so good..." she heard the boy murmur behind her as he
pumped into her cunt faster and faster. "I'm gonna cum soon...you're gonna make
me cum inside you...Oh, fuck...I'm gonna shoot....."

   She liked hearing him talk dirty to her like that-it made her shiver with
even more excitement and seemed to make everything more sexy, more dirty, more
fun. Gathering her courage, she thought she'd try it, too.

   "Yeah, cum inside me...shoot into me. No one's ever done that to me before.
I wanna feel you cum inside my pussy..." the horny little girl whimpered,
encouraging the young boy as her sweet teenage body was jolted again and again
by each deep penetration of Jeff's cock.

   The dirty, arousing words no sooner got out of her mouth when she felt her
cousin grab her firmly around the waist, take two long, hard stroke into her
pussy, and hold her ass tightly against his crotch as he grunted in a low,
throaty voice.

   "OH, GOD....FUUUCCKKKK....."

   She closed her eyes, loving the sensations of the boy's climax as the walls
of her pussy tightly gripped his thick sex shaft. She could actually feel the
pulsing and throbbing of his cock deep in her cunt as his cream spewed from the
tip of his prick. It was too bad he had to wear a condom-she would have liked
to have felt the warmth of his sperm flooding her cunt as Robby's hot, salty
cream had earlier filled her mouth for the first time.

   The two kids seemed frozen together for a moment, both motionless as they
enjoyed their mutual pleasure. Ann didn't climax, but she knew that, with more
experience, her orgasms would come more easily. She was just glad she'd gotten
some experience and begun to learn to do these things that made her feel so
good.

   She glanced over next to her in time to hear Robby grunt and watch him grind
his loins hard against Traci's pert little ass. His head was thrown back, his
eyes closed, and his lips tightly drawn together as the eleven-year-old boy
came hard inside his sister, his shaft pulsing and shooting off for the second
time that night. God, boys look kinda funny when they cum, Ann thought to
herself. But I don't care-it's just fun to make 'em cum.

   The kids were beginning to get a little tired and it was getting late. As
they cleaned themselves up and put their pajamas back on they talked in soft,
quiet voices, agreeing that Ann had been fully initiated into the world of sex
and that she was a good partner. The boys said that it was too bad she was
leaving the next day.


                JHNS-8-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 15/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 8 -- part 2

   Because I work at night, I go to bed just about the time that others are
getting up, so I was a little perturbed when, early the next morning, I heard a
rapping at the back door just as I was drifting off to sleep. A little foggy, I
slipped on a pair of jeans, went downstairs, and was surprised to find Ann,
alone, standing by the back door. She explained that her parents were coming
that afternoon to take her home. Then, she smiled and said she'd like to be
with me one more time before she left. She said Traci had decided not to come
with her; she wanted Ann to have me all to herself. She didn't tell me about
the sexual experiences she'd acquired the night before, but I was soon going to
find out.

   The thirteen-year-old red-haired girl walked ahead of me as we climbed the
stairs up to my bedroom. Again, I admired her shapely little ass as she moved
up the stairs, the twin globes tightly encased in denim shorts that seemed to
be molded to her body. Usually, you can see the outline of a girl's panties
when she's wearing tight shorts like this, but I didn't see any on Ann, and my
drowsiness vanished in anticipation of some sexual pleasure with this young,
attractive, junior high school girl.

   Once inside the bedroom she turned to me and our mouths connected. Her
tongue immediately slipped into my mouth, capturing and sucking on my tongue.
I'd been awake enough to see the pronounced bouncing and jiggling of her
wonderfully full teenage breasts beneath the button-front shirt she wore, and
it was no surprise to find she wasn't wearing a bra as both of my hands cupped
her breast mounds and I pulled at her nipples with my finger tips. I felt them
harden immediately through the material of her shirt, and the horny
thirteen-year-old girl moaned and sucked on my tongue a little harder as she
pressed her bra-less chest against my hands.

   As we kissed, I felt her hands hurriedly fumble with the snap on the
waistband of my jeans, finally pulling the snap apart and tugging down the
zipper. I wasn't wearing anything else - just the jeans and, when they dropped
to the floor, I stood naked in front of the young girl, my cock sticking up
straight and hard.

   Her small hands eagerly caressed the length of my cock, sliding up and down
over the warm, velvety skin. Her thumbs rubbed over the swollen, sensitive
head, spreading the drops of juice that bubbled from the tip. God, I love
having young girls play with my cock like this, especially junior high
school-aged girls. I think they're the best sex partners - so sexy, so horny,
so enthusiastic, and so willing to do these new and exciting things. If I
wasn't careful, she'd have me shooting off into her hands in record time.

   I quickly began to unbutton her shirt. I wanted to feel and squeeze those
marvelously long, hard, teenage nipples with my fingers and make this sexy
little girl moan with excitement and beg for more. Her hands left my shaft just
long enough for her to slip her top off her shoulders before they resumed their
caresses over my shaft.

   I covered her naked breasts with my hands and rubbed my palms back and forth
over her hard, sensitive nipples. They felt almost rubbery as my hands made
little circles over them and, even though our mouths were still connected, I
heard a deep groan of pleasure come from her.

   After a minute, I pulled my mouth away from hers and dropped to my knees in
front of the topless, young girl. It was my turn to pull at the snap on the
waistband of her denim shorts and tug the zipper down. For some reason I wasn't
surprised as the front of her shorts opened and I found that she wasn't wearing
any panties underneath.

   "Traci's right," she said, looking down at me with a lewd grin on her face.
"Not wearing panties does make me feel real sexy. God, I got so horny just
walkin' over here I thought I'd die..."

   I know how she felt. My rock hard cock was making me feel the same way. I
quickly pealed the tight shorts down her slender, pale, girlish thighs and off
her feet as she helpfully lifted each one up as her pants finally came
completely off.

   The naked thirteen-year-old stood before trembling slightly, her breath
quickening as her arousal and anticipation grew. My face was just about even
with the small patch of silky rust-colored hair that grew up from between her
thighs. Already I could smell the scent of her sex, that sweet, yet pungent,
odor of her girl wetness that began to seep from her slit.

   I put my hands around behind her and lightly caressed the incredibly smooth
skin of her ass, the tips of my fingers sliding up and down through the deep,
narrow crack between the two round, firm globes of her behind. God, she had a
great ass.

   The little girl put her hands on my shoulders and moved her feet apart,
opening herself to my caresses. The fingers of my right hand slipped down,
underneath her ass and between her legs, and I could feel the beginning of her
sex slit.

   She moaned quietly above me as I tilted my head back a little, planted my
mouth against the front of her slit, and licked the front of her pussy mound. I
pushed my tongue up into her as far as I could, licking over her clit and
between the folds of her sweet, little cunt. Ann gasped at the incredibly
intense waves of pleasure that jolt her body. This was another first for her,
the first time anyone had used their mouth on her. With my tongue penetrating
her pussy from the front and my finger from the rear, the young girl was in
ecstasy at the double penetration.

   Pressing my face harder against her delicious crotch, my mouth worked and
chewed on her cunt as my tongue slithered around deeply inside her sweet little
pussy. She gasped again, then groaned, completely lost in this intimate sex
act. A huge fire built quickly between her legs, and I could feel her wetness
dribbling down my chin as my mouth seemed attached to her pubic mound.

   I was finding it difficult to really eat her, so I began to pull away. She
felt the cool air on her sodden pussy as my mouth let go of her pussy, and she
moaned in disappointment. I think she'd been pretty close to climaxing. But, I
wasn't done with the little junior high school girl, yet.

   I stood in front of her, the lower part of my face completely coated with
her cunt juice, and guided the naked girl backwards to the double bed. She felt
the edge of the bed against the back of her legs and automatically sat down.
Again, I knelt down in front of her, but this time I lifted her legs onto my
shoulders and put my hands behind her knees. Scooting up a little closer, I
pushed her legs back and apart, her ankles laying on my shoulders, and her
intimate pleasure place fully revealed.

   Lowering my mouth, I took several long, broad strokes over her pussy with
the flat of my tongue from her asshole up over her clit. The two larger lips of
her little cunt were pushed aside as I licked her, and I lapped at the soft,
warm inner folds, drinking her juices. Up and down my head moved, my tongue
delving deeply through her wet cleft.

   I paused for a minute, raised my head, and look between her legs at her
face. Ann's eyes were closed and her head moved slowly back and forth, nearly
overcome by the intensely pleasurable sensations filling her tender body. I
smiled, glad I could turn this young girl on like this.

   The matted, silky fur of her pussy tickled my lips as I planted my mouth on
her mound and thrust my tongue deep into her fuck hole. In and out my tongue
moved, slurping inside her hot hole, then over her clit. When I made little
circles over her pleasure button with the tip of my tongue, the little girl
groaned loudly and thrust her loins against my mouth wanting to increase the
contact.

   Faster and harder I licked her cunt and clit, her orgasm quickly building as
the sexual tension spread up from between her legs begging for release. I took
a hand away from behind her knee and slipped my middle finger into her cunt as
I continued to mouth her clit. Quickly I finger-fucked the little girl as I ate
her, sending her over the edge after just a couple of strokes in and out of her
pussy.

   She suddenly cried out and her legs snapped together, momentarily trapping
my head between them as she came. I pushed her legs off my shoulders and pulled
my head out, content to let her enjoy the after-effects of her orgasm. She put
her knees together and turned onto her side, though she seemed to keep rubbing
her inner thighs together, making the sensations of her orgasm continue.

   It was fun watching the young girl cum like that, though my rock-hard cock
felt like an iron spike thrusting out from between my legs. I sat back on the
floor and lightly skimmed my fist over my erection as I waited for Ann to come
out of her orgasmic haze.

   She opened her eyes after a few minutes and gazed at me with that 'I've just
had a great cum' look of hers.

   "No one's ever done that to me, before. I've...heard about it, but thought
it was...you know, kinda dirty, or gross, or something."

   "Not any more gross than you usin' your mouth on me, is it? Remember how you
first felt about that?"

   She nodded and smiled.

   "Yeah...guess I was wrong about this, too, huh?" She rubbed her inner thighs
together, the delicious, warm sensations of her orgasm still echoing through
her body. She looked down at me and saw what I was doing with my hand.

   "You liked doin' it, too, didn't ya? God, it made you real hard... Are you
gonna fuck me know?"

   "Do you want me to?"

   The sexy little thirteen-year-old red head didn't say a word, just grinned
lewdly down at me and nodded.

   I stood up and she moved backwards as I got up on the bed. She was laying on
her back, her legs still spread apart, and I placed a hand behind each of
knees, pushed them back, and held her legs apart as I thrust my hips forward.
My hard, throbbing shaft was sticking straight up over her crotch and pulsing
slightly with each beat of my heart, a drop of clear wetness bubbling from the
tip.

   "Put me inside you," I told her softly.

   The young red-haired girl reached down between her parted thighs, grasped my
shaft with her small fingers, and pulled it down, angling it toward her waiting
fuck hole. As she pushed the tip down, against her slit, my cockhead separated
the inner folds of her cunt and I felt her wonderfully tight, warm wetness as
my cockhead sank into her cunt.

   When it was wedged in place, she let go and I lowered my hips a little,
leaned forward, and looked down. With breathless excitement I watched the
entire length of my thickness slowly disappear between the two puffy folds of
her sweet little cunt and sink into the youngster all the way to the base of my
cock. I paused for a moment, completely up inside her, and just enjoyed the
delicious sensation of the tightness of her cunt opening as it gripped the base
of my cock. I pushed her legs way back and apart, my hands behind her knees, as
I knelt between her slender, pale thighs with my cock inside her.

   "God, I like being inside you," I murmured quietly to the young girl,
pressing my loins tightly against her tight girl opening, "feeling your tight,
little pussy holding my cock like this. It's too bad you're leaving today, I'd
really like to fuck you a lot more."

   "Mmmm..God, that sounds so good.... you can fuck me anytime you want. I
didn't tell you, but Traci's brother, Jeff, fucked me last night - and I got
her little brother to shoot off with my mouth. I...even let him cum in my
mouth," she said proudly.

   I smiled down at her beaming, freckled face.

   "I thought you seemed a little less shy this morning. So, you got fucked for
the first time last night, huh?"

   "Yeah. And when I get home I'm gonna find someone to fuck me all the time.
God, I wish I had brothers who'd do me all the time, like Traci's got. That
would be so great, havin' sex all the time."

   "Just be careful not to get pregnant," I warned her.

   "I won't. We got a clinic in town and I'm gonna get on the pill right away.
Lots of the girls in junior high are already on the pill 'cause they've been
doin' it for a while. I guess I'm just a late beginner-but I'm sure gonna make
up for it."

    As we talked I held completely still, my hands supporting the back of her
slender, pale legs, her wonderful little-girl ass tucked nicely in the crease
of my thighs, and my thickness deeply planted in that warm, velvet tunnel
between her legs.

   "You know, this is kinda neat, just sitting here talking with a nice, hard
cock in my pussy. I wonder if I can do homework with a guy's cock in me." She
giggled. "I'd sure do a lot more homework."

   The frank sexual talk and the delightful grip of her pussy on my prick was
getting to be too much and I felt the overpowering urge to stroke my cock into
her several times.

   "Oh, God, that feels good...." the junior high school girl softly murmured,
her back arching slightly as my shaft slowly slipped in and out between her
pussy lips.

   After a minute I paused again, pressing my loins against hers, making the
deep, hot connection as my dark pubic hair tangled with her silky, red
fur-covered slit. Looking down I couldn't see the base of my cock at all, just
the folds of her pussy encircling my shaft. But, God, I just couldn't do this
slowly. I was too horny, and she was so young and sexy and felt so good; I had
to fuck her hard and deep.

   I let go of the back of her knees and place my hands on the bed up near her
shoulders. Her legs hung over my arms and her ass and pussy tilted up even
more. I locked my arms straight, positioned myself over her, and quickly pumped
my hips up and down, stroking fully in and out of the young girl several times
as her body lay folded back under me. Lifting my hips, I pulled my cock out
until just the tip was held between her inner pussy lips, then dropped down,
her smooth, warm little ass slapping against the front of my thighs as I
shafted fully into her.

   Setting up a pleasurable rhythm, I quickly fucked the thirteen-year-old
girl, the wet, fleshy sounds of our union and our moans of pleasure filling the
room. The sweet, musky, sex smell surrounded us as I penetrated her again and
again, our loins squishing together was her oily wetness matted our pubic hair.
The walls of her cunt pulled and milked my cock like a hot, wet mouth, and we
were both completely lost in the powerful sensations that enveloped our bodies.

   I closed my eyes, my head floating in a haze of lust. Ann began to arch her
hips toward mine with every deep penetration, making each delicious stroke into
the youngster even better. The bed bounced as I slammed into the little girl,
the base of my cock bumping against her clit as I fucked her hard and fast.

   I bent down and grabbed one of her nipples with my lips, gently squeezing it
between my teeth for a moment before using my tongue to lick over the
salty-tasting morsel on the tip of her breast. The added sensations were
enough, and she squeezed her thighs tightly against mine as she grunted and
held her breath, her body going completely rigid as she came.

   I could feel her young body tremble and quiver in orgasm. The thought of
fucking this horny little thirteen-year-old and making her cum sent me over the
edge, and I began to shoot off deep inside her pussy.

   After a short rest we fucked again. This time starting with her on top and
finishing with me pummeling her from behind. It was a great way to begin the
day and, as we hugged and kissed as she was about to leave, we both said how
nice it had been and how much we would look forward to her next visit.


                JHNS-9-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 16/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 9 -- part 2

   As I watched the kids in the darkened shed changing positions I was
surprised to hear a knock at the back door of my house. Creeping silently over
to the door of the shed, I peaked out to see who it was. Lisa, the blond
fourteen-year-old girl from next door, stood on the step. She was dressed in a
pair of dark blue running shorts, white tennis shoes, and one of the summer
halter tops she liked to wear without a bra. Not wanting to disturb the kids
and the great sexual activity that I'd been watching, I tried to get her
attention by opening the door a little and hissing to her.

   The slender, young blond turned around when she heard me and I beckoned her
over to the shed door, putting my finger to my lips and signaling her to be
quiet. With a puzzled look she came down the back steps, walked toward me, and
was about to say something when, again, I motioned for her to be quiet and let
her through the door into the dark, musty interior.

   Moving silently over to the wall, I signaled for her to follow and indicated
she should look through the crack in the boards. Now curious, she stood up
close to the crack and put her face against the wall, immediately interested in
the sight. I got right up behind her so I could see, too, and we watched the
three young kids engage in their secret sex games in the next room.

   Traci knelt beside the little boy who now was laying on the stained mattress
with his hands tied over his head just as she had been. The girl was bent over
him, her face in his lap as his small, hard cock slipped in and out of her
mouth through the tight, wet ring created by her pursed lips. She held the base
of his small cock with both of her hands, holding the slender, pale shaft
straight up as her head bobbed up and down and she pulled at the smooth,
slippery rod with her mouth. Sometimes she would pause at the top and lick
around the small reddened tip, slipping her tongue all around the cock head
before engulfing nearly the entire shaft again.

   The other boy sat on the mattress near Traci, his legs folded under him as
he intently watched the dirty, sexy, and exciting thing that the nearly naked
little girl was doing to his tied-up friend. The girl hadn't taken off the
dirty tube top that circled around her upper body and covered her small,
developing breast mounds, and was naked just from the waist down. The boy found
the sight arousing as he watched her perform oral sex on the tied-up little
boy. It was only a couple of moments before he felt the stirrings in his loins,
again, and his fingers encircled and began to pull at his smooth, gradually
lengthening shaft.

   A minute or two later the older boy's cock was again horny, hard, and ready.
He felt the urge to get involved with the other kids, and crawled over and
knelt behind the girl as she bent over the other boy and worked her magic on
his cock. With his right hand he reached out and caressed Traci's behind,
running his hands over the two pale, round little globes and sliding his
fingers up and down through the deep crack of her ass. He loved the feel of her
skin on his hand, the pungent, unwashed scent of her young body, and the
excitement of touching her almost naked form.

   Traci seemed to like the added sensations and raised up on her hips and
shifted her legs apart, opening more of herself to the boy's caressing fingers
as she enjoyed the taste and feel of the small boy's cock slipping in and out
between her rounded, tightened lips. She really liked making boys cum with her
mouth; it was fun and made her feel good, too, especially when someone was
playing with her pussy at the same time.

   Lisa and I watched the older boy dip his hand farther down and underneath
the kneeling little girl. We knew he was playing with her pussy with his
fingers and, by the low moan that came from Traci's cock-filled mouth, she was
liking it very much. Her head bobbed faster up and down over the smaller boy's
lap as she picked up the pace of her sucking, and she began to use one of her
hands to jerk him off at the same time, urging the small boy to shoot off in
her mouth. Doing the naked little boy with her mouth was sure making her horny
again, and having the other boy finger-fuck her cunt was almost driving her
crazy with youthful lust.

   Young boys this age cum pretty quickly, but they're usually very horny kids,
too, and are able to get hard again almost right away. As we watched from the
next room, the older boy suddenly got up from beside the girl where he had been
playing with her pussy and finger-fucking her from behind. Lisa and I could see
his stiff little prick standing up tall and wobbling slightly back and forth as
he move around. Picking up Traci's jeans, he searched in the pocket for a
moment. Finally, he took out a foil packet, tore it open, and rolled another
condom down his straight and hardened shaft.

   Moving up onto the mattress again, he crouched behind the kneeling girl and
pressed his loins against her round naked behind. As he held her around her
slender waist, the boy moved his hips up and down and tried to slip his prick
into her pussy slot from behind. His aim was off and all he succeeded in doing
was running his cock up and down through the crack of the little
thirteen-year-old girl's ass.

   Traci thought it felt nice but, like him, she was hot and wanted more.
Keeping one hand on the base of the cock she was enjoying with her mouth, she
moved her knees back a little farther and perched her ass up higher in the air.
Then, the thirteen-year-old girl reached her other hand back and down between
her legs, grasped the taller boy's cock with her fingers, and guided him into
her hot, slippery sex slot from behind.

   For the second time that morning the older boy felt that incredibly warm,
wet, delicious sensation as his prick slid fully up into the sexy girl's tight
little cunt. He began to slowly pump his hips back and forth, fucking her from
behind, sliding nearly the entire length of his short, slender cock in and out
of her. This time he didn't seem to be in a hurry to reach his orgasm; he
wasn't moving at the frantic fucking pace he had used earlier. Instead, he held
Traci around her slender waist and his hips moved slowly back and forth, taking
his time as he looked down at the sexy sight of his cock moving in and out of
the girl's pleasurable pink little fuck hole. His pace was slow and leisurely,
as if he wanted the experience to last as long as possible. I couldn't blame
him; I would, too...

   As we watched looked through the crack between the boards and watched the
youngsters, I stood close up behind Lisa, my own crotch pressing against her
delightful behind. As soon as we'd begun to watch the kids in the other room I
had slipped my hands up around her upper body from behind and cupped her firm,
bra-less breasts in my fingers. I really liked playing with her tender, teenage
tits, and I knew how much she liked it, too. I could feel the soft, firm flesh
of her breasts through the thin, flimsy material of her halter top, and I
caressed the smooth, sensitive undersides of the two mounds with my fingers for
a moment.

   Her nipples hardened and pushed out against my palms as the sensations
aroused her, and I felt her press her shapely little ass back against my loins.
I'm sure she could feel the lump of my cock pressing against the crack of her
butt through my cut-off shorts. It felt great to me.

   After a few minutes, I kept my left hand holding and squeezing her left
breast as I slid my right hand down over her smooth, flat, bare mid-section.
Passing over the waistband of her running shorts, I felt the silky material on
my palm as my hand slid lower down over her flat stomach until my fingers
curved under the front of her pubic mound and I held my finger tips tightly
against her pussy.

   I could feel the hardness of her pubic bone against my fingers as I cupped
her cunt with my hand. I pressed my middle finger up against her slit and felt
the folds part as the pressure separated them and I began to move my hand back
and forth, caressing her delightful little pussy through her shorts.

   The warm wetness already flowed from her slit as I worked my fingers slowly,
teasingly, back and forth over her teenage cunt. I pressed my finger tips up
into her cleft and stimulated her clit, making quick little circles over her
pleasure button.

   A shiver of pleasure rippled through her body, and the slender, blond
fourteen-year-old girl groaned quietly and wiggled her ass back against my cock
as I rubbed her hot little cunt through her silky running shorts. For the next
several minutes I just held my hand there between her legs, my fingers folded
under her pubes as I gently manipulated her horny pussy and we continued to
watch the kids through the opening in the wall.

   Traci's mouth and hand moved quickly up and down together as she worked to
bring the small boy to orgasm. His slender, naked body was shifting back and
forth as lay on the mattress, his hands tied to the wall above him as he
writhed in pleasure. The intense sensations that felt so good were made even
more powerful by his captivity, his inability to move.

   The other, taller boy stood behind the Traci with one foot on the floor and
a knee on the mattress as he slowly humped into the partially naked and
kneeling girl from behind. He had his hands around her skinny waist and held
her steady as his loins slapped against her naked behind with each deep
penetration into the thirteen-year-old girl. After a minute, he glanced down
and watched his prick slide fully in and out of her fuzzy pink opening. The
sight seemed to spur him on, and the tempo of his fucking increased as he, too,
neared his climax.

   Lisa and I were both getting very turned-on as we watched the three young
kids and their sexual activity through the crack in the wall. I could feel
Lisa's crotch getting soaked with her musky sex oil and figured she was getting
pretty hot and ready for more. God, I know I was. Sliding my right hand up her
flat lower belly, I hooked my fingers under the waistband of her pants and
slipped my hand down the front of the fourteen-year-old's running shorts.
Inside, I felt the elastic along the top of her bikini panties and slipped my
hand underneath that, too. Immediately, her soft, silky pubic hair tickled my
fingers as I delved a little deeper into her panties and found her soft, wet
pussy cleft.

   As I rubbed the tip of my middle finger quickly back and forth over her
little-girl clit, she groaned out loud and stepped her feet out to each side,
making more room between her legs. As I played with her pussy, she moaned
again, and I was afraid the kids in the next room would hear. But God, I was
horny, and I pressed the bulge of my cock hard against the crack of her ass as
I played with her pussy. After another minute or so, as my middle finger poked
in and out of her sweet fuck hole, she turned her head, put her mouth next to
my ear, and whispered to me.

   "Fuck me, quick; my mom's waitin' for me."

   God, when a sexy fourteen-year-old girl says that to me, I don't need to be
told twice. Pulling my hand out of the front of her panties, I backed up a step
and jerked her shorts and panties down in one motion. She bent down and pulled
her feet out of the leg openings, then stood up and turned toward me, partially
naked. Now, she was dressed only in her summer halter top and white tennis
shoes, and I could clearly see the small blond triangle of soft, curly hair
that was just beginning to creep up into a 'V' on her flat lower belly.

   Taking her by the arm, I guided her across the small, dark room to the old
wooden workbench on the other side. I had her lean over it, her arms and elbows
on the flat top, her waist slightly bent, and her ass jutting out. Stepping up
behind her, I set my right hand on the lower curve of her soft, smooth butt and
slipped my middle finger up into her pussy from behind. Slowly, I finger-fucked
her with my right hand as I pulled open the snap and zipper on my shorts with
my left and dropped them to the floor. God, she was wet, and my middle finger
plunged easily up and down between the rubbery folds of her wonderful little
teenage cunt. She wiggled her ass against the movement of my finger in and out
of her. She seemed to be as anxious as me to have a good fuck.

   I stepped up close behind her, guided the tip of my cock against the blond
fur-covered lips of her pussy with my left hand. I watched my cockhead push the
two folds aside as I entered her from behind while she bent forward over the
workbench. Thrusting forward, I shafted up into the young teenage girl right
away, and her smooth butt slapped against the front of my naked thighs.

   God, I was incredibly horny. Secretly watching the three young kids playing
their sex games for the past forty-five minutes had gotten me so incredibly
hard and aroused, and I felt a heavy fullness in my balls that needed to be
released.

   Quickly, I pumped into the youngster from behind, driving myself to my
orgasm, feeling a tremendous need to shoot off and relieve the tension that had
built up between my legs. I held her tightly around her slender waist, my hips
driving my shaft like a piston in and out of her, my lower belly slapping
against the firm globes of her bare behind. By now I didn't care any longer if
the kids in the other room heard us. All I wanted to do was hump this sexy
little teenage girl and cum inside her.

   From her moans of delight, Lisa was enjoying the quick, hard tempo of our
fucking, too. The fourteen-year-old moved her behind back and forth with the
thrusting of my cock, pressing back against me as I shafted into her, and
pulling away as I pulled out. We moved together, our mutual pleasure building
toward a climax.

   After a minute I slowed down a little, leaned forward, and slid my hands
around to the front of her body, cupping her firm, bra-less breasts through her
halter top. They hung down and wobbled slightly as our bodies bumped together.
Pulling at her hard little nipples through her top, I squeezed the two tender
buds and rolled them between my finger tips as I frantically fucked the young
girl from behind.

   It wasn't very long before the contraction in my balls signaled I was about
to shoot off. I picked up the pace of our fucking even more, my thighs pounding
hard against her naked ass as my orgasm welled-up from deep between my legs and
exploded in my head.

   I groaned out loud as I felt myself flooding the hot insides of her pussy
and I pressed myself hard against her body, my hands still holding and
squeezing her delightful breasts as spurt after spurt of hot wetness jetted
from my cock into her tight cunt. I felt Lisa press her ass back against me,
coaxing every bit of cum from my cock. As the spasms died away, I could feel my
shaft begin to soften inside the fourteen-year-old girl, but we stayed
connected together for another minute, enjoying the glow of our spontaneous
sex.

   Every thing was completely silent for a few seconds. Then, I heard soft
little giggles from the direction of the wall where I'd secretly watched the
kids in the other part of the shed have fun and knew they had turned the tables
on us. I don't know how much they'd seen, but right now they could see me
pressing my naked loins up against the naked ass of a young girl.

   Slowly, I backed away and pulled out of her. Lisa looked down between her
legs.

   "God, you've made a real mess", she laughed. "I gotta clean up before I go
home. What'll my mom say if I walk in with cum running down my leg?"

   I smiled at her comments, pulled off my T-shirt, and handed it to her. She
gladly accepted it and used it to wipe herself off before picking up her
panties and shorts and pulling them back on.

   "I came over to tell you that Sarah and I would like to come and visit you
tomorrow, if that's OK." Then, she lowered her voice and looked my in the eye.
"I didn't figure I'd have a great fuck, too. See ya tomorrow?"

   I nodded that she would and let her out the door. Pulling my shorts on, I
went back into the house and headed for the shower, leaving the three young
kids in the shed to finish their own fun.


                 JHNS-10-2.TXT (yng teen, mf, ff,incest) -- 17/17

                         Junior High Neighborhood Sluts
                              by James Wellington
                      an154382@anon.penet.fi (The Teacher)

                              Chapter 10 -- part 2

   Robby sat back on his knees and wiped his face with his hand as he watched
the older fourteen-year-old girl writhing in climax, her whimpers and groans of
pleasure arousing him even more. The pungent scent of her sex covered his face,
his cheeks, making him more horny than he'd ever been. The fire of young lust
glowed in his eyes as his smooth, hard, condom-covered shaft jutted up from
between his closed legs, throbbing and erect. He gazed at the young girl, her
knees falling apart and laying completely open, the matted, curly hair covering
her pussy glistening in the afternoon light.

   After a minute he looked over at the couch and watched Sarah bouncing madly
up and down on his brother's cock, Jeff's hands busy pulling and pinching her
swollen nipples as her body moved up and down over his lap. He could hear her
cries of pleasure each time she sank down on his shaft, penetrating her pussy
deeply and fully. When she raised up, he could even see his brother's prick
moving in and out of the puffy, pink slit between the girl's legs.

   "Fuck...fuck...fuck.." she repeated softly with each rhythmic bounce, eyes
closed, her mind floating in a sexual haze. With each hard collision of their
loins a jolt of sexual pleasure shot up from between her thighs and exploded in
her brain like a flash of white light.

   Robby saw Jeff suddenly throw his head back and cry out as Sarah almost
slammed herself down onto his lap. Two more times, fast and hard, and Sarah
leaned forward and pulled Jeff's head into her chest, her muscles tense as the
two youngsters shared their orgasms.

   I heard the others cum, too, but was too busy fucking Traci to notice much
else. Her cunt was so wet and tight and felt so good around my shaft I didn't
want to think of anything else. I wanted to cum, to shoot hard into this
thirteen-year-old's tight cunt as it gripped and pulled at my cock so
wonderfully. I pumped my hips forward and back as fast as I could, throwing my
prick into her from behind, my loins bumping up against her ass with each
thrust. The young girl tilted up her round behind slightly, allowing my to fuck
her deeply, and I pushed into her as far as I could each time.

   I loved the feel her ass against my loins and the sounds of her moans of
pleasure I fucked the youngster. My cock slipped rapidly in and out of her wet
tightness as I grunted above her, the contraction of my balls signaling I was
about to shoot into her.

   I pulled my cock out, leaving only the tip between her pussy lips, let the
cockhead slide back and forth several times in the tight opening, then thrust
hard, burying myself deep inside her as my climax exploded in my head. I shot
hard several times, and knew that Traci could feel each warm spurt as my balls
drained themselves in her hot little cunt. She put her legs together and felt
each spasm of my cock as the spurts gradually lessened, then stopped.

   I sat back next to her, my softening cock pulling out of her pussy. She
looked up at me and smiled.

   "Did I do you good?" she asked. "Did you cum hard?"

   "God, that was great," I sighed, my hand caressing the curves of her ass.
Her thighs were spread a little and I could see the dribbles of white cream
trickling out of the pink opening of her cunt.

   "I'm still horny," she said. She looked over and saw Robby sitting next to
Lisa, his hard condom-covered cock sticking up between his thighs.

   "Robby, come over here and do me."

   Horny as ever, Robby was eager to obey. He crawled over to her on his hands
and knees, straddled her ass as I had done, and slipped his hard, little cock
into his sister from behind. Immediately, the small eleven-year-old boy pumped
in and out of her as fast as he could, his sister's tight cunt opening closing
around his little-boy cock like a tight, wet fist. Traci was glad he had
already cum once. He'd last a lot longer and get her off, too.

   The rest of us turned to watch the two kids as we enjoyed the after-effects
of our orgasms. Sarah had moved off Jeff's lap and was sitting next to him on
the couch. He'd pulled his used condom off, and she was idly playing with is
half-erect cock, her hand pulling at his shaft and playing with his balls, just
enjoying the feel of his smooth cock in her hands as she watched Robby fuck his
sister.

   I moved over and sat next to Lisa, her mind still floating a little from the
hard climax she'd had with Robby. I put my hand on her back, lightly caressing
the skin. Her body felt good. She gave me a little smile, the light shining off
the metal of her braces.

   "God, that was fun," she said. "He really made me cum. I hope he'll do me
again."

   "Let's go into the kitchen and fix something to drink," I said.

   "OK"

   We got up and left. I stopped at the bathroom for a minute to clean off my
cock.

   In the kitchen we got out some bottles of pop, ice and glasses for the
group. As we worked around the kitchen, I admired Lisa's taut young body: her
slender legs, unblemished skin, round, firm breasts and ass. It wasn't long
before my cock was long and hard, again, swinging back and forth between my
legs as I moved. Lisa noticed, too.

   "That was fun, what I did to Robby with my mouth. I thought it would be
gross or something, but he tasted good and it felt so..sexy."

   "It looked like you were enjoying yourself...maybe you'd like to try it
again," I said, my fingers pulling at my hardening prick. I wanted this sexy
thirteen-year-old girl to suck my cock, too.

   She smiled.

   I sat up on the counter, legs spread, my shaft now standing straight up. She
stepped up between them and only had to tilt her head forward a little before
her mouth could engulf the red tip of my cock. Lisa put her little hand around
my cock to hold it steady, then began to lick around the cockhead, her pink,
wet tongue moving around the tip like it was an ice cream cone.

   She was a natural at cock sucking. She seemed to know how to lick the soft,
sensitive underside from my balls all the way to the little hole at the tip,
then slip and slide around the top wetting the entire shaft with the juices
from her mouth. As her tongue traveled up and down she would look up into my
eyes, her smiling, innocent face filled with lust and desire, soft moans of
enjoyment coming from her lips.

   I closed my eyes as the erotic sensations being created my the young girl's
mouth swept over me. As I felt her mouth close over my cock I looked down at
her and watched her lips pulling and sucking at my member.

   "Use your hand; move it up and down with your mouth," I instructed.

   Her little hand began to slide up and down my shaft in time with the
movement of her mouth, wet mouth juice making the movement easy. God, it felt
so good. I could feel her tongue inside her mouth continuing to lick over my
cockhead as my cock moved in and out of her mouth.

   I heard a noise and noticed that Jeff and Sarah were standing in the
doorway, watching us. Jeff's cock was hard and standing straight out from his
young body.

   Sarah whispered something in his ear and he grinned. He disappeared for a
minute, then reappeared, a condom sheathing his shaft. Quietly, he moved into
the kitchen behind Lisa, and laid a hand on her bare back, lightly caressing
her.

   Lisa noticed the touch, but continued to work her magical mouth on my cock.
Jeff slipped his hand down, over her ass, and cupped her blond pussy from
behind, his finger slipping in between her pussy lips.

   As she felt the probing finger-fuck into her, the young girl shifted her
weight and spread her feet apart, allowing Jeff room to more easily play with
her cunt, while her tight, wet mouth continued to pull at my cock. I felt like
I was fucking another pussy, except she was doing all the work.

   As the boy felt her wetness grow, Jeff stepped close, positioned his cock at
the entrance to her pussy, and pushed his body forward, his shaft penetrating
her cunt with about half of his young cock. Pulling out a little, he thrust up
and in again, this time grabbing her slim hips and pulling her onto him. Now he
was able to fuck completely up into her as his cock buried itself to the balls.
Immediately, he began thrusting back and forth with his hips, fucking the young
girl from behind while she sucked my cock.

   Sarah came over next to us to watch, a horny, eager smile on her face. She
wanted to have some fun, too. She put her left hand underneath Lisa and played
with her nipples as her right reached down behind Jeff and between his legs.
The young girl gently cupped and played with his dangling balls as they swung
back and forth to the movement of his cock.

   It was an incredibly sexy scene and I was going to cum soon. Lisa's adoring
mouth and hand felt wonderful on my slippery shaft. I could feel the pressure
building in my balls as they got ready to explode in the young girl's mouth.
Her body was moving slightly forward and back in rhythm with the cock fucking
her from behind. She would push back against the inward movement and lean a
little forward as Jeff pulled out, amplifying the fucking motion and making the
fire of sex burn hotter between her legs.

   God, it was fun to watch the young kids fucking so freely and openly without
guilt or hang-ups.

   I felt the familiar contraction in my balls as the first wave of my orgasm
built between my legs, rushing to my head and exploding. Grunting and moaning
with pleasure, I grabbed the edge of the counter top to keep from falling off
as the first spurt of cum shot from my cock into Lisa's mouth. Several more
spurts followed quickly, the sensations of cumming sweeping through me like
electric shocks.

   The young girl kept her mouth on my squirting prick and I felt the movements
of her mouth and throat muscles as she drank down the white cream filling her
mouth. As the final spasms of my orgasm faded away, she lifted her face up from
my lap, my softening cock slipping from between her lips, gazed lustily into my
eyes and licked her lips, the white residue from my climax on her lips and
tongue.

   "That was good..." she said, smiling. "Mmm...yeah, fuck me...God, this feels
good..." she moaned, concentrating on the boy behind her.

   Lisa kept her hands on the counter in front of her and bent over a little
more, the angle helping Jeff to thrust into her deeper and faster. We could
hear the slapping of their flesh as the bodies of the two young, naked kids
collided with each other. Sarah's hands were still pulling and pinching at
Lisa's long, pink nipples, adding to the flame building from her cunt and
spreading over her entire body.

   Jeff's hips were thrust forward and his cock glistened with Lisa's pussy
juice as it slid frantically in and out her tight pink opening from behind.
Lisa's cunt must have felt to the boy a lot like Sarah's mouth had felt on his
cock: tight, warm, and wet.

   "Oh...OHH...." Lisa nearly screamed as she came.

   Her head snapped back right in front of me, eyes tightly closed as the
muscles in her body went taught with pleasure, the orgasm overcoming her.
Almost immediately, I heard Jeff grunt as he came, too, holding her ass tightly
against his loins as his cock spurted inside it's covering. The two young teens
seemed frozen together for an instant, their bodies connected together as they
shared that wonderful sensation of sexual orgasm.

   Sarah's hand gently caressed and coaxed Jeff's shaft and balls from behind,
intensifying his climax, and her other hand lightly massaged her friend's
breasts, adding to her orgasm, too.

   The spasms of Jeff's climax were soon over and he backed up and pulled out
of Lisa, slipped the condom off his collapsing shaft, and threw it away. We
wiped ourselves off with a towel and went back into the living room with our
drinks, laughing and talking about the fun we'd just had. Sarah said it was
really fun to watch us and that she enjoyed helping others have a good cum. I
complimented Lisa on her mouth. She smiled shyly, licked her lips, and she said
she needed more practice. I knew the two boys would be happy to let her
practice on them.

   Returning to the living room, we found Traci and Robby on the floor sitting
beside each other, their little fingers casually playing with each others' sex.
Traci had her brother's naked cock in her hand and was gently pulling at the
eleven-year-old boy's semi-erect organ. Robby's hand was between his young
sister's legs, his fingers pushing and probing into the slit between her
rubbery little cunt lips, still shiny with wetness from having sex together.
They seemed to be having a good time.

   The rest of us came in and sat down, sharing glasses of pop and talking. It
was nice to sit and rest awhile. All of us had at least one good orgasm and we
were looking forward to more.

   The rest of the afternoon was pretty much the same. All of us enjoyed the
free and open sex, taking turns pleasuring each other and having wonderful
orgasms. One of the high points was watching Lisa lay on top of Sarah, their
mouths clamped tightly between each others' legs as they licked each others'
pussies. None of the other kids had ever seen two girls have sex with each
other before, and watching the shapely and sexy teenage girls lap away at each
others' cunts and give each other orgasms made the rest of us pretty hot.

   As soon as Lisa rolled off Sarah I knelt between Sarah's open legs and
plunged my prick into her sodden pussy, still spasming from her intense climax.
I lifted her long, slender legs up onto my shoulders, lay over her, and folded
her firm, slim body back. Quickly, I shafted hard and fast into her wonderfully
tight little teenage cunt, her smooth, shapely ass tucked nicely in the crease
of my thighs. With her legs bent back over her, her pussy was tilted up and I
rapidly pumped my cock almost straight up and down into her wonderfully tight,
hot pussy as my balls slapped against her drooling slit with each deep and
delicious penetration.

   I was so horny I shot off almost immediately, exploding inside the sexy
fourteen-year-old girl, my thickness throbbing deliciously as each spasm sent
another spurt into her cunt. She came again, too, crying out with the quick,
hard orgasm.

   While I fucked Sarah, Traci had some more fun with her brothers. Laying down
on the couch, she wrapped her legs around her older brother, Jeff, fucking him
while Robby knelt by her head and ran his shaft back and forth over her
seemingly always hungry mouth. The little boy's sexy sister held his small,
hard cock between her fingers and used her pink tongue to lick along it's
length, over the tip, and around his nearly hairless balls. Before long she
slipped the tip between her lips and jacked off his slimy rod with her
experienced fingers until the horny little boy shot spurts of salty cream into
her mouth.

   It started to get pretty late in the afternoon and we cleaned up and got
dressed, talking about our experience and making plans to get together again.

   EPILOGUE It's been three years since all of this began. All of the kids are
in high school now: Jeff's a senior and Robby and Traci are both freshmen. Each
of the boys have had regular girl friends, but their sister always seems to be
the one that satisfies them the best.

   Ann's parents couldn't quite figure out why she was always so enthusiastic
about visiting her cousins, especially when she could stay over-night at their
house. But they allowed her to visit as often as possible and we spent some
wonderful times having great sex together.

                                    THE END
