  Leeched from...
THE POLKA AE/cDc 806/794-4362 pwrd:KILL


<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>
<>                           The complete guide                            <>
<>                                   to                                    <>
<>                      Beastiality & Necro-Beastiality                    <>
<>                                    by                                   <>
<>                               Nuclear Deth                              <>
<>=<6>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<6>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<>=<6>=<>

     Since the beginning of time, men have been plagued with cold-nosed women
who simply refused to put out.  Well, it was not long before man realized the 
value of Rosey Palm and her five sisters.  Men really liked ole' Rose, but she
lacked that lubricating wetness that provided for mind blowing orgasms that 
pussy could secrete.  So those men got to thinking: A pussy is a pussy, no 
matter what the species..  So began the age of Beastiality.  Unfortunately,
fucking animals gave rise to new diseases, like syphilus.  So when the rubber
was finally invented, men could not only beast-fuck without the worry of 
infecting their shlongs, they could also fuck the dead ones.
     Now, with the arrival of AIDS, women are especially stingy with their 
snatches.  I hope this guide will be helpful to men & women both.
==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==

FINDING AN ANIMAL
-----------------
                    Make sure the animal's cunt is big enough to fit you dick!
                    You haven't felt pain until you've had a donkey crack your
                    nads!  Suggested animals-  Sheep, cow, horse (if your over
                    6'), pig.  Just go out in the country if you live in the
                    city, or the zoo if you have no wheels.

FOREPLAY
-------
          Animals have to get excited, just like humans. Try to pick an animal
          without a tail, cause usually they have shit caked in the hair.
          Leave the animal standing, don't attempt to lay it down.  Remember,
          they fuck standing up ( Unless you choose a cat ).  Now, get on your
          knees and GENTLY grasp her ankles.  lose your eyes and slowly run 
          your tounge along the length of her slit.  Try to hold your nose, 
          the slime on her uter lips is a mixture of spit, piss, smegma, and
          whatever else she rubbed her cunt in.  Her hips will start to get    
          a little relaxed, and soon her pussy-juice will start to drip down
          your face.  Use your fingers and find her clit if you can.  Work     
          a finger in at first, then 2 until her hole is loose enough to bang.

>> MPORTANT STEP <<
--------------------
                       Now slip on your rubber.  I recommend Trojan(C), lubbed
                       with receptical.  Never use ribbed or you'll get kicked
                       in the nuts again.

FUCKING THE ANIMAL
------------------
                     Slowly stand up, you don't want to destroy the mood she's
                     in.  Animals can be even flakier than real women.  Reach
                     down nd spread her cuntlips open. Doesn't it look great!
                     Now, the hard part. Slowly slide your firm, hard dick up 
                     her loose, smelly gash.  Once you have it in, hold your
                     position.  Let her get used to the feeling of you member
                     inside her.  Now slowly grind you pelvis into her ass. I
                     know you'll be getting shit all over your bush since her
                     asshole is right there, but this will arouse her even 
                     more.  Don't be suprised if she farts either, they can't
                     hold gas when they fuck.  SLOWLY thrust in and out.  Be
                     sensitive to the needs of your partner, work out a rythem
                     WITH her, don't be selfish.  Occasionally reach down and
                     fondle her clit, her anus, her thighs.  She will loe you
                     for it.  Now you can quicken the pace and let go of your 
                      wad.  Sometimes, if the mood is right, you can whip off 
                     your rubber and shoot your wad all over her butt, using
                     your cum for lube if you decide to fuck her in the ass
                     later.

ANAL SEX
--------
          If you didn't cum on her ass, you might want to lick your fingers 
          work them in her asshole.  Or you can just lick her asshole and
          wiggle your tounge inside her bowels if you like, both will do the
          tick.  Animals are generally not to ound of buttfucking, it hurts
          them too, only they are used to passng massive amounts of shit so 
          their assholes are a tad looser.

NECRO-BEASTIALITY
-----------------
                   Necro-beastiality can be dangerous.  You are sticking your 
                   dick in dead flesh, and there's lots of bacteria at work
                   decomposing her body.  So, now you have more than just one
                   disease to worry about.  But I know how satisfying it can 
                   be to fuck a cold, dead pussy.  The nice thing is you don't
                   have to worry if she wants to or not.  She's dead.  Also,
                   you don't have to worry about lubrication.  During the 
                   course of decaying, the animal's cunt will be bloated with
                   puss, so once you start to bang all those tastey juices go
                   free!!  You might alo want to try oral sex with her. Just
                   bend over and lick up the puss.  Don't attempt anal sex!    

                   Her intestines are stiff, when you pull your dick out, her
                   guts will still be wrapped around your dick and it gets 
                   real messy...

==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==
==          An Inner Sanctum/Deth Production  (C) 1987         <>           ==
==          The Carrion AE    P/W: DIE  602-841-8408           <>           ==
==          Samarra BBS                 602-220-9363           <>           ==
==          Metal AE          P/W: KILL 201-879-6668        <><><><>        ==
==          Demon Roach Underground     806/794-4362           <>           ==
==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==""==


