   This is a sheet that I procured from someone taking this course, Psychology 
226, at the State University of New York at Buffalo (SUNYAB). The courses name 
is 'Human Sexuality', and the paper is labelled 'Results Of Sexual Slang Sheet 
Exercise', and is the result of a student poll concerning slang names. Seeing 
as how a file can be made with 121 names for a dick, I offer this more 
complete listing of what I call 'Carlinisms', in honor of that foremost 
explorer of obscene synonyms, George Carlin. So now, you can rag with 
originality using synonyms besides the names for a dick. Without any more BS...

(Note: the numbers in parentheses indicate multiple responses.)

SEXUAL INTERCOURSE
==================
  getting your noodle wet, getting it on, bouncing, banging away, 
pike-a-dream, go to it, pumping, hide the salami, hide the sausage, bounce the 
bedsprings, pound the bedsheet, greasing the monkey, getting off, getting 
over, functioning, make it, fueling, nookey-nookey, screw around, fooling 
around (7), knock-up (2), 69, getting nook, screw/screwing (40), fuck/fucking 
(67), doing it (16), have sex (18), making love (33), going to bed (2), 
sleeping together (2), laying the pipe (1), boink (2), banging (15), stup, 
pokey, hosed, gut-it, humping (14), lay (5), balling (2), trim (2), doing the 
nasty, f'ing, quickie, romp, porking (5), getting laid (8), getting balled 
(2), getting banged, piece of ass (2), dip hosing, going all the way (2), 
dicking (3), slamming (3), diddle, get down, scrumping (5), skiffing (3), 
making it (4), getting lucky (4), thrask, boofing, getting some, poo-tang, 
make out, bush, pussy, in between some legs, pike, jamming (5), get into some 
serious flesh, tear some sheets, chilly sauce, bopping, copulating, scoring, 
making whoopie (4), doing the deed, buggering, jump someone's bones, 
fornicate, consummate, home run (2), joddling in the gulley, going at it.

BREASTS
=======
   Love mounds, fun bags, titties (8), tits (70), boobs (45), jugs (16), mams 
(2), bosoms (3), tips, bullets, missiles (2), zambos, jaboos (2), bubs, 
pillows, knockers (14), chichi (2), melons (9), personalities, pumpernickel, 
nummies, tootsies, knobs (2), globes (2), hooters (6), mosquito bites, 
headlights (3), chest (9), watermelons, bulbs, knots, babies, jobs, bazoobas, 
eyes, bumpers, bullets, rockets, love-knobs, golden bozos, winnebagos, 
boobies, zonkers, lungs (2), mambos (2), cans, gazongas (2), teats (2), 
honeydews, milers, stack, rack (2), vavooms, bobbers, cupcakes, cherries, 
ta-tas, mountains, babumbas, big ones, mounds, nipples (2), coconuts, buns, 
balloons.

PENIS
=====
   Sid, protrusion, swantz, member (3), the big wazoo, king, Willy the one 
eyed wonder worm, one eyed trouser snake, wife's best friend, dildoe, guitar, 
pole (2), weapon, sword, dagger, simba, wong, truffles, gun, noodle, hotdog 
(2), big log, slammer, prod, Mr. Big, weasel, dipstick, dog, weenie (3), 
joystick, dick (71), Johnson (2), wee-wee, cock (31), viper, Mr. Happy, 
throbbing python of love (2), incredible heat seeking moisture missile (4), 
the big one, the wood (4), one eyed pant snake, pant muscle, love organ, 
pistol (2), organ (2), rod (24), sworm, monster, love muscle, joe, fly, snake 
(3), schlong (5), dong (12), peter (7), John Thomas (3), pickel (2), carrot, 
love tool (4), pee-wee, pee-pee, pud, Rich, pecker (6), prick (24), weiner 
(3), salami, sausage, wade, doodle-bug, chicken, wanger, pipe, junior, knob, 
head, big-box, joint, thing (2), kong, lead pipe, third leg, stick shift, 
sugar daddy, lolly pop, bush whacker, boner, jackhammer, wobbly warhead, 
pocket rocket, pocket piccolo, skin flute, dork, dink (2), love rocket (2), 
old fella, horse, the Bishop.

VAGINA
======
   Pussy (32), furburger (2), cunt (39), love canal (5), love cave, hole (16), 
love box/box (15), beaver (6), private parts, role, ocean, twat (4), hair pie 
(5), pishy, bush (6), slit (5), mound, muff (5), fish tank, snatch (5), clit, 
murdock, trim, stank (2), lips (3), hot spot, hot box (4), steam room, honey 
hive, vag, live loaf, ham, furbox, cave, wedge, cunny, quease, rose, flowers, 
receptacle, gates of heaven, nest, tunnel, wound, bun, clutch, slot, unhealing 
wound, hot clam, bearded clam, nook, canal, cockpit, snatchbox, tunnel of 
love, love tunnel (2), pocket, clam, fish hole, peach fuxx, to-tan, mouse.

ORAL SEX
==== ===
   69 (17), give head (16), blow job (40), going down (4), love kiss, eating 
out (24), eat/ing (10), eating at the Y, taking your medicine internally, go 
down on, read, eat me (2), muff dive (8), fellatio (5), cunnilingus (5), 
sucking (7), suck-job (2), sucked off (5), pussy eating, sucking cock, slob 
the knob (3), lap up, blowing (4), licking (3), suck the dick, bite the big 
one, go fishing, BJ (2), doing the roof, playing the guitar, muffburger, rim 
job, lickjob, headjob, smoking the white owl, wood-waxing, eating fish, clam 
bake, mouth fuck, face, eat meat, box lunch, deep throat, eating jut, hair 
pie, Egg McMuff

FOREPLAY
========
   Fooling around (11), pet/ting (12), hand job (3), fingering (4), fornicate, 
feeling up (3), playing, feeling off, tease (2), feeling (2), fondling (2), 
rubbing, make out (7), getting hot (2), horny, get the dick hard, first to 
third base, diddle, stimulation (2), getting the bitch hot, give a guy blue 
balls, happy hour, mess around (2), touching, caressing, excite, pants pushing.

SEXUAL AROUSAL
====== =======
   Getting excited (7), stimulation (4), get/ting hot (17), getting it up (3), 
getting wet (10), turned on (11), horny (17), come one, hardon (5), on the 
hard, popping a boner (2), getting the bitch wet, salivation, getting a woody, 
stiffy, getting hard, juicy, want it bad, get cracked, up rise in the levi's, 
juice up, coming, hips, motor running, getting hot and heavy, fooling around, 
up, getting one going, driving crazy, driving wild, rod, boner.

MASTURBATION
============
   Jerking off (43), finger fucking (2), playing with yourself (25), self 
stimulation, jerkin-the-gherkin (3), beat the meat (8), beating the stick, 
jack hammering, pocket pool, wack the carrot, choke the chicken (8), beat off 
(6), getting off (3), jacking off (11), tugging it pulling your pud, whackin 
off, diddling, strangling the chicken, hack the hog, beat the baloney, beat 
the bishop, vibrating (2), come, wax the stinger, tease the weenie, queering 
off, jug, pocket pinball, finger the hole, she-bop (2), hand-job, beating off 
(4), buzzing off, bopping baloney, slammin the salmon, feeling up, pulling the 
pole, stroking off, finger, self abuse, tickling the taco.

SEXUALLY TRANSMITTED DISEASES
======== =========== ========
   VD (22), gonorrhea (5), AIDS (5), syphillis (2), clap (27), herpes (8), 
social disease, crabs (14), syph, morning drops, stank cock, stank pussy, the 
clamp (3), super herp, the claw, doom days, herp (2), chancre, dick rot, std, 
the DAP, the drip, life-long friend, penicillin problem, burned, cooties, 
slime, scab, nasty shit.

ORGASM
======
   Bang, big bang, cum, come, cumming, coming (38), blowing/shooting a wad, 
load, the ultimate, climax, sot, shooting off (3), getting your cookies, 
pleasure spot, peak, big O (3), juice flow, popping off, explosion, 
dick-cheese, the shakes, earthquake, creaming, getting wet, shooting a load, 
the point, squirt, jizz, the O, jism.




     Another file downloaded from:                     NIRVANAnet(tm)

     & the Temple of the Screaming Electron              415-935-5845
     Just Say Yes                                        415-922-1613
     Rat Head                                            415-524-3649
     Cheez Whiz                                          408-363-9766
     Reality Check                                       415-474-2602

   Specializing in conversations, obscure information, high explosives,
       arcane knowledge, political extremism, diversive sexuality,
       insane speculation, and wild rumours. ALL-TEXT BBS SYSTEMS.

  Full access for first-time callers.  We don't want to know who you are,
   where you live, or what your phone number is. We are not Big Brother.

                         "Raw Data for Raw Nerves"


