The Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ) List on Legal Prostitution in Nevada.

Version 1.00, created on Sunday, November 20, 1994.

1.0  Table of Contents :

   1.0  Table of Contents.
   2.0  Introduction.
   3.0  Legal Status of Prostitution in Nevada.
   4.0  Where to find Nevada's legal brothels.
   5.0  What to expect when choosing a lady.
   6.0  Negotiating the contract.
   7.0  The do's and don't's of sex.
   8.0  A Sermon.
   9.0  Whore stories.
  10.0  A Recommendation.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

2.0  Introduction.

2.1  "Say what?!?  Prostitution is legal somewhere in the United States?  
Yeah, sure!"

It is true, prostitution is legal in certain counties in the state of 
Nevada.  More on this later.

2.2  "Just who are you (the author of this FAQ), and what makes you think 
that you are an authority on legal prostitution in Nevada?"

I am a normal American male who has been foolish enough to spend most of 
his spare income purchasing the favors of ladies.  My first visit was in 
May 1986, and I have paid many visits over the years to almost all of the 
legal houses in Nevada.

2.4  "What restrictions are there on my use of this FAQ?"

None.  Distribute it as you wish.  You can even sell it for profit, if you 
like!  But please don't misrepresent me.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

3.0  Legal Status of Prostitution in Nevada.

3.1  "You mean that a woman can just, uh, set up shop in Nevada?"

In the United States, "it" is legal in only one of the fifty states, 
Nevada.  And then not everywhere in Nevada; Las Vegas, Reno, Carson City 
and Lake Tahoe still have it illegal.  Supposedly the city fathers (and 
mothers) don't think that prostitution contributes to the family-oriented 
image that these gambling centers want.  So any "action" that you may get in 
these cities will be high-risk in more ways than one.

It is only in certain counties in Nevada where prostitution is legal.  
Street-solicitation is illegal; only in licensed establishments can you 
legally meet a Lady of the Night.

3.2  "What about AIDS?"

Condoms weren't required when I made my first visit to a Nevada brothel, but 
by the time I made my second visit a year later they were required by law.  
Note that condoms are required for oral sex as well.

The women that work in Nevada's brothels get regular medical checkups.  All 
these precautions are not just for the lady's protection, but for your's and 
mine too.

Remember the old line that when you sleep with someone, you are also 
sleeping with everyone that that person has ever slept with?  These ladies 
have had sex with hundreds, if not thousands, of men.  Think about it.

3.3  "Why haven't I heard of these legal brothels before?"

By law, Nevada brothels can't advertise, so it is no wonder that you've 
never heard of them before.

However, one does hear about them from time to time.  Years ago, Geraldo 
Rivera did a special on sex and he visited the Mustang Bridge Ranch and 
interviewed two of the ladies.  Also, 60 minutes briefly mentioned one of 
the Winnemucca houses (60 minutes also once devoted an entire segment to the 
Amsterdam brothels).  The Mustang also made the news when it went onto the 
stock exchange, and later when it was temporarily closed due to tax evasion 
charges.  And I've met ladies who say that they learned of the existence of 
these Nevada brothels from articles in Glamour and Cosmopolitan magazines 
(WOW!  Start them out young...).  So the word does get out.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

4.0  Where to find Nevada's legal brothels.

4.1  "Get to the point, man!  Where do I go to get laid?"

There are several legal brothels throughout Nevada.  I will describe where 
to find the three largest and best, and their neighborhood competitors.

The three are, in alphabetical order :

THE CHICKEN RANCH :

The Chicken Ranch gets its name from the movie and Broadway play "The Best 
Little Whorehouse In Texas".  You will find it in Pahrump, Nevada, which is 
about 50 miles from Las Vegas by way of Highway 160.

The Chicken Ranch sits at the end of Homestead Road.  The turn-off from 
Highway 160 onto Homestead Road is just a short hop south-east from the 
Terrible Herbst convenience store.  It is then a good eight miles along the 
dirt Homestead Road before you finally arrive at The Chicken Ranch.

You will also find their competitor, Sheri's, just a bit further down the 
road.

THE MUSTANG RANCH :

The Mustang Ranch is about eight miles east of Reno on Interstate 80.  Take 
the Mustang exit (exit #23) and follow the signs.  You will cross over a one-
lane bridge and there it is, the largest whorehouse in the United States.  
To its left is the smaller Mustang II, and along a short road to the right 
you will find their competitor, the Old Bridge Ranch.

THE NEW SAGEBRUSH RANCH :

The New Sagebrush Ranch is about seven miles east of Carson City on Highway 
50.  Watch for Sam's Saloon on your right, and then turn right onto Kit Kat 
Road.  The New Sagebrush Ranch and her sister ranch The Sagebrush Guest 
Ranch is just ahead and on the right.  You will also find The Kit Kat Ranch 
and Kitty's Ranch in the same area.  Before you reach the Kit Kat Road 
turnoff from Highway 50, you should see a sign for the left-hand turn to the 
Moonlight Ranch.

Perhaps in future editions of this FAQ I'll discuss other Nevada brothels.

4.2  "Do they have telephone numbers?"

Yes.

Chicken Ranch : (702) 382-7870
Mustang Ranch : (702) 356-9956
New Sagebrush : (702) 246-5683

4.3  "Fine.  But how do I find out where the other brothels are?"

I recommend the official guide, "Best Cat Houses in Nevada".  It is written 
by J.R. Schwartz, and is available ($5.95) from :

Straight Arrow Publishing Company
Box 1068
Coronado, CA  92118

ISBN 0-9613653-0-7

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

5.0  What to expect when choosing a lady.

5.1  "What should I expect when I first get there?"

For all of Nevada's brothels, you have to walk up to a gate and push a 
buzzer button, and then someone on the inside pushes a button in there to 
open the gate for you.  To keep people from accidentally walking in, I 
suppose ("Gee whiz, you mean that this really isn't an auto-parts store?").  
Once you're inside, then what happens depends on which "ranch" you're at.

The Mustang and The New Sagebrush are rather informal.  The ladies are lined 
up when you enter and they introduce themselves giving their "stage" names, 
and then the hostess (madam?) asks, "Would you care to choose a lady?".  If 
you see what you like you nervously point your finger at your choice and 
mumble "third from the left" or "the one in the red dress" or whatever since 
you can't remember her name, because there may be as many as twenty ladies 
in the line-up.  Otherwise, you mumble that you'd like to take your time and 
then wander over to the bar and order an expensive beer, and then the ladies 
will one-by-one wander over to you and make small-talk and ask why you 
prefer over-priced beer to pussy.  Eventually you either see a lady that 
rings your bell, or you leave and take a look at one of the other nearby 
ranches.  This is if you're at The Mustang or The New Sagebrush Ranches.

If you go to The Chicken Ranch outside Las Vegas, you push the buzzer, the 
hostess greets you and you enter an empty room.  She asks if you wish to see 
a lady and if you say yes, then a few minutes later the ladies march single-
file into the room and you choose one.  If you don't want one of them, then 
the ladies leave the room and you go to the bar next door and order an 
expensive beer, and maybe one or two of the ladies will come over and hustle 
you, but usually not.  The Chicken Ranch tends to be less friendly than the 
other ranches.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

6.0  Negotiating the contract.

6.1  "How about the business end?"

So let's say that you did like one of the young fillies.  Then the two of 
you go to her room and dicker ("dick her"?).  That is, you discuss in 
private what it is you want to do.  You cannot negotiate business out at the 
bar or at their main line-up.  While you're going to her room she will ask 
you your name and where you're from, what you're doing in town, and if you 
have ever been there before.  Once you enter her room she asks what you'd 
like to do, and you tell her ("There's this position in the Kama Sutra..."), 
then she asks how much you're willing to spend, and then the contract 
negotiations start.  These ladies are not employees here, they are private 
contractors, so there are no set prices, though sometimes they'll show you 
an over-priced menu just as if they (the prices) are hard and firm.  And 
speaking of hard and firm, once the price and responsibilities are 
established, she will then ask to see your ding-dong.  You'll drop your 
drawers and she'll either sit on the edge of the bed or get on her knees and 
take a critical look at it, sometimes a seemingly long inspection which 
isn't sensual at all and reminds me of the way a potential buyer would look 
into the mouth of a horse or at the engine of a used automobile.  Anyway, if 
she is satisfied that things look okay (no evidence of disease), then she'll 
look up at you, smile, and say "You'll live".  If you don't pass inspection, 
then she tosses you out the airlock without a space-suit on and you burst 
from explosive decompression in the hard vacuum of interstellar space.  
Otherwise, you pay her.  Visa and MasterCard accepted.  They take cash too, 
of course.

She takes your payment, tells you to undress and relax, and leaves, and if 
you pay by credit card she comes back for you to sign the receipt and leaves 
again.  Eventually, she returns and she gets naked too and washes your thing 
and washes her thing and then the fun starts.

In some houses you don't get naked until after the hostess has been by to 
collect the payment from you directly.

6.2  "What does it cost?"

Sorry, friend, but that depends on the lady.  Remember, they are independent 
contractors.  In general, the more attractive the lady, the higher the 
price.  Sometimes I can get a "party" as the industry calls it for $150, but 
usually it is more like $200 for the more attractive ladies (ugly ladies 
will do it for well less than $100).  She will give you head and your choice 
of positions (though many ladies won't get on top), as well as a good 
massage.  But then again prices do vary.  Negotiate with her; maybe you'll 
be able to get her to do the nasty for less than I'm able to.

And if you want to come twice or more for an extended stay as I sometimes 
do, then again you will pay more.  If you are willing to go with less like 
skip intercourse, then a simple hand job will cost less.

You pay more if you're drunk.

6.3  "Anything to look out for?"

Some of the ladies think I'm odd when I say that I like a little bit of 
foreplay first, where I caress her and get some tender, loving care to start 
things off, rather than get down right away to the nitty-gritty.  I make 
sure that that is part of the contract, since on a few occasions the lady 
has refused to allow anything except just the act of intercourse (not just 
men get in a hurry).

Be sure that you tell her exactly what you want before you pay your money.  
It used to be that the lady would let you suck her tits, but recently I've 
had some refuse me that priviledge.  I hate it when they only tell you the 
rules AFTER you've paid your money.  Get those rules straight first!

6.4  "What about after sex?"

Some ladies are in a hurry for you to leave, and others like to sit and talk 
awhile.  This also depends on how much you spend.

Note that just as she washes you prior to sex, she washes you after sex.

One thing that you can't do is wander alone through the whorehouse.  You 
might run into someone you know ("Boss!  What are you doing here?!?").  Your 
lady will always escort you.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

7.0  The do's and don't's of sex.

7.1  "You mean I have to wear a raincoat?"

Yes, condom usage is mandatory, even for oral sex, by law of the State of 
Nevada.  Interesting, how some ladies manage to make putting on the condom 
such a sensual experience...

7.2  "Anything else taboo?"

Her other rules are always "No kissing on the mouth and no fingers up my 
pussy".  And anal sex is forbidden.

Though this has nothing to do with sex, the ladies don't like it if you show 
up in a taxi cab.  Some brothels have a deal with the local cabbies that 
they get a share of the money that you pay the lady.  So the ladies prefer 
you show up with your own transportation so that they don't have to share.

7.3  "So then everything else is okay?"

That depends on the lady.  Lots of fantasy things like domination are 
available, though that again depends on the lady.

Several times I've had the lady of my choice try to entice me into going 
with another lady at the same time.  You can even have three or four at once 
if you like, but you're gonna pay big bucks.

The Mustang and The Sagebrush allow outdates, where you can take your lady 
outside of the brothel to a restaurant or theater or casino, or to your 
hotel room for sex.  Again, you have to pay the price.

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

8.0  A Sermon.

8.1  "The Golden Rule says that you should treat others as you would have 
them treat yourself, but does this apply to whores?"

Yes, the Golden Rule applies to whores.

I will be blunt and say that most of these ladies are unattractive, and most 
of the time I just leave instead of choosing one.  But sometimes I see a 
really good-looking woman, and there are times when I have difficulty 
deciding which one I want because they all look good.  But they have to be 
attractive.  To a certain extent my being picky is a double standard because 
I too am not very attractive, but its my money and I don't have to spend it 
if I don't want to.  It is an imperfect world.  But I've always been on my 
good behavior when I'm in her room, and leave a good tip because I know that 
theirs is a tough job and I am deeply appreciative of this service.

It is up to you guys to make sure that your experience is a good one.  Treat 
her nicely.  After all, God is a woman and you don't want to piss Her off by 
mistreating Her sisters!

8.2  "How can something immoral like prostitution be legal?"

If you are reading this then presumably you really aren't interested in an 
answer to this question.  When I was young I thought that morality had 
something to do with whether or not you were a good or bad person.  So what 
does sex have to do with morality, since both the good and the bad have sex?

Sex between consenting adults is legal when done for free, but paying money 
for it makes it illegal.  Why?  Its okay to pay for a meal at a restaurant, 
though there is nothing more intimate than the food you put inside 
yourself.  And we don't expect medical doctors to work for free, though they 
may probe and poke you everywhere and even cut you up.  So why do we as a 
society fear the intimacy of sex?  I say that Congress should pass a law 
that its okay for lawyers to give their services for free, but it's a felony 
for them to get paid for practising law.

I want to be honest and say that I am overall very satisfied with my Nevada 
brothel experience, and have precious memories of the many fine ladies that 
I met.  That many sound trite to the jaded, but that is exactly how I feel.  
However, perhaps it is time for me to get a girl-friend or better yet 
finally get married.  Some day my Princess will come...

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

9.0  Whore stories.

9.1  "What do the girls look like?"

Previously I mentioned that I find most of the ladies unattractive, and that 
usually I leave the brothel without doing business.  This is true in general 
for most of Nevada's brothels, but at the three brothels that I am singling 
out I almost always find an attractive lady.  However, it is still true that 
at all of the brothels you will find that most of the ladies in the lineup 
are not someone one would be willing to have sex with for free, much less 
pay money for the honor.  Yes, this makes me a hypocrite since I myself am 
fat and ugly, and it is hard to maintain one's dignity while acknowledging 
one's own hypocrisy.  But youth and beauty is what prostitution is primarily 
about.

My recommendation is that if you don't see what you like, then gracefully 
leave and check out the competition.  You can always return later.

9.2  "So you've only picked out nice-looking chicks?"

I would like to say yes, but the sad fact is that sometimes I've picked out 
ladies that I wished I hadn't.

The lighting isn't always all that good when the ladies are lined up, and 
sometimes I pick one out, go to her room and change my mind once I've gotten 
a closer look.  It is hard to be nice and not hurt her feelings and be 
honest; try to be nice to the lady.

Also, it is often hard to tell what a lady's figure is really like in the 
lineup because of the loose gowns and lingerie that they sometimes wear.  
Relatively few of the ladies are what I would call slender.

9.3  "Do you have any pet peeves?"

Have you ever heard the old saying, "You can lead a horse to water, but you 
can't make it drink"?  To me, sex is more than just intercourse.  It is my 
experience that Nevada ladies live up to the agreed-upon contract, but sex 
with a woman who just lays there like a dead fish isn't what I have in mind 
when I think of good sex.  I like some conversation, some tender loving 
care, and some hugs.

Most of the ladies that I've been with are just fine, and some are 
excellent, but some are stone cold, some don't like touching you or being 
touched, and some seem to enjoy being aloof and distant.  My point is that 
there is really nothing that you can do about such behaviour once you've 
paid your money; you just have to make the best of the situation.  As hard 
as it may be, please be nice to her.

I should be fair and say that everyone has a bad day every so often, and the 
job that Nevada's ladies perform is a very tough one.  Yeah, guys, how would 
you like to have sex with just any woman that came along, regardless of her 
age, appearance, or behaviour?  Yech!  Also understand that these ladies 
stay inside their brothel for extended periods of time, like two or three 
weeks, during which time they have to constantly get along with the 
management, other ladies (who are their competitors), and a stream of 
customers who can be surly and drunk.  The ladies that work in Nevada's 
brothels are human beings, just like you and me, and deserve to be treated 
nicely.

9.4  "Have you had any embarassments?"

I've never gotten used to that initial examination.  These ladies spread 
apart the tip of your cock and look all around your balls and public hair 
for signs of disease just like a doctor would.  I'm not complaining since 
this is a very important process, but it's almost scary.  And I really do 
get scared when an extremely beautiful lady is examining me for the first 
time, to the point that I can't get an erection!  Beautiful women make me 
nervous!

Another thing that is scary is to learn afterward that your lady is married!

You really don't know what her figure looks like until she undresses.  She 
may have a very nice, lean looking figure, but sometimes it's a little shock 
when she finally takes it off and you see those folds of skin below her 
tummy.  She's a mommy!  And then there was this one tall blond who had the 
hardest, flatest stomach, but after we'd done the nasty we started talking 
about this-and-that and she then showed me pictures of her three children 
and hubby.  Very strange.

And the sad fact is that of all the Nevada ladies I've been with, only one 
had an orgasm.  And that was probably faked.

9.5  "But are they good people?"

Wow!  What a wide range of personalities!  Not just any woman can handle the 
pressures of being a professional prostitute, but you will meet all 
personality types in Nevada's legal brothels.

I remember one lady who was so shy and demur that she could hardly make eye 
contact with me.  And she had been working for years!  And I remember 
several ladies with whom I spoke in their rooms, trying to agree to terms of 
pleasure, but giving up because it was obvious that despite their beauty it 
would be impossible to have fun with them because frankly they were just too 
bitchy.  But most of the ladies are very nice people.

These women are of all types.  Lots of Caucasians of course, but lots of 
Blacks, some Asians and some Hispanics, and a fair number that are a 
favorite of mine, Native American girls.

And they come in all body shapes and types.  Short, tall, fat, thin, old, 
young.

Some of them are college students, and others have college degrees.  There 
was this one chick with a Masters in Psychology ...

But are they happy?  I've heard Dr. Joyce Brothers say that there is no such 
thing as the "Happy Hooker".  Well, I'm an expert on this, and the truth is 
that half or so probably aren't all that happy but stay in this line of work 
because of the money (but then isn't that true of most professions?).  Of 
the remainder, most are reasonably happy and a few are very well-adjusted 
indeed, love their work, and are a pleasure to be around.  Again, not much 
different than most other professions.

I've met ladies from all over the United States and a few foreign ladies.  
Lots of Californians and Texans.  And they are of all religious faiths; lots 
of Southern Baptists and Catholics, and I've met just about all other 
denominations including Lutherans, Mormons (very sensual), and one very wild 
Jehovah's Witness.  Then there was the lady whose mother was a Russian Jew, 
and the Thai girl (Buddhist) who gave me a massage by walking on my back.  
But I have yet to knowingly boing an atheist; none of the ladies have 
professed being one.  Perhaps because sex is such a religious experience...

Listen, fellows, whatever your type of lady is, she's waiting for you in one 
of Nevada's brothels.  Its just a problem of finding her.

9.6  "Any strange goings-on in the brothels?"

Besides all of that sex going on there?  The answer is, by-and-large, "No".  
These are businesses, and scaring off customers is not what capitalism is 
all about.  Things are generally quite orderly; I have never seen 
"bouncers" hanging around (except for the uniformed guard at The Chicken 
Ranch) but there must be at least one hiding somewhere.

All of the brothels have bars that you can sit and have a drink at, and 
sometimes there is some rowdiness there, but generally things are rather 
sedate.

9.7  "Just how different are the 'ranches'?"

There are some real differences.  Let me talk first about size.

The three brothels that I an reviewing are the largest (to my knowledge), 
and are definitely the highest profile.  If you have never been to a brothel 
before then I would recommend trying one of these three, because at these 
bigger houses you get a wider selection to choose from.  But eventually it 
is worth your while to check out some of the smaller houses because the 
pressure to choose a lady is lesser at the smaller houses, though the 
selection isn't quite so good in general.

The real point (from my perspective) is finding a really good-looking lady.  
Your chances are about equal at The Mustang Ranch and at The Chicken Ranch, 
with The Chicken Ranch having a slight edge.  The Sagebrush Ranch is close 
behind.

I've been around Nevada's brothels enough that I've seen, on several 
occasions, the same lady in different houses.  One I've seen in four 
different brothels!  My impression is that a lot of the women who start off 
as legal prostitutes in Nevada get their start at The Chicken Ranch.  But I 
have noticed a steady migration of experienced ladies going from The Chicken 
Ranch to Sheri's next door or to The Sagebrush.  What I don't like about The 
Chicken Ranch is just how unfriendly they are; if you don't pick a lady 
right now, then you can't just mingle with them, talk, and get a closer look 
like you can at the Mustang and Sagebrush ranches.  Even the bar at The 
Chicken Ranch is downright unfriendly, with the bartender being a uniformed 
guard rather than a professional-looking bartender at The Mustang Ranch or a 
grandmotherly looking bartender at The Sagebrush Ranch.

There are several ladies that I've met at The Chicken Ranch but then seen 
later at a different ranch.  They've all complained of the oppressive 
atmosphere at The Chicken Ranch.  The Mustang has a much less tense feeling 
about it, and The Sagebrush is very relaxed indeed.  I've lounged at The 
Sagebrush for hours at a time, just watching the ladies and talking to 
them.  I've heard a few complaints about The Mustang, but the ladies at The 
Sagebrush seem to be the happiest with the management there.  There isn't 
much difference between the three brothels concerning beautiful ladies, but 
when it comes to soft-sell versus hard-sell, I recommend The Mustang and 
The Sagebrush.  It is easy to visit both The Mustang and The Sagebrush 
because they are only about thirty miles apart.

And most of the smaller houses are rather relaxed as well.

9.8  "What is your sexual fantasy?"

You know how major newpapers have food critics, who review and rate local 
restaurants?  My fantasy is that prostitution is legal all across the United 
States, and I work for a national magazine as a ...

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

10.0  A Recommendation.

10.1  "Well, who should I visit?"

By now you've read a lot about Nevada's legal brothels, and you should 
understand that finding a really great lady is something of a random 
process, where both beauty and a friendly disposition are quantities that 
sometimes, but not always, go together.  I want to make it easier for you to 
get some satisfaction.

Her name is "Honey", and she works at The Mustang Ranch.  I first met her 
during the Summer of 1991, and have visited her every Summer since.

Honey is beautiful.  She is young, tall (5'9"), lean, and has a figure that 
is as nice as that of any supermodel.  No kidding.  Flawless skin, beautiful 
face, nice breasts, long slender legs, the works.  If it matters to you, she 
is a brunette Caucasian.

Did I mention her eyes?

Ah, but there is so much more to Honey than just her outward appearance!  
She is friendly though reserved, intelligent, sensual, and has a 
distinctively dignified and regal bearing.

I remember just how impressed I was when I first met her.  I couldn't 
believe that such a wonderful lady was willing to work in a profession where 
she was willing to have sex with fat, ugly pigs as myself.  Let's take this 
moment and say a prayer of thanks to God almighty for such blessings as 
Honey.  We're not worthy!!!

Let me describe a typical visit with Honey.  The Mustang Ranch has bidets in 
their bathrooms, so Honey will set the hot and cold water settings just 
right and then ask me to squat onto it so that she can wash my genitals, 
which feels great!  Then she'll dry me off and wash herself, and then she is 
ready to please me.  I like some foreplay first, so I have her stand still 
while I get a good feel of her legs, buttocks, back, shoulders, breasts, and 
hard flat stomach, a good feel with my hands and my mouth (Yum!).  Once I've 
finished savoring her, I lay belly-down on the bed and Honey gives me a 
really nice massage first with her hands and then with her entire body.  I 
can feel her stomach and breasts on my back, slowly, sensually, moving back 
and forth.  Then I roll over and she does much the same to my front, and 
sucks my nipples.  YOW!  So now Honey puts a condom on my oh-so-very-stiff 
weenie, and she performs an oral act which is still illegal in some states, 
even between husband and wife (or so I've been told).  What I like is how 
Honey sits to my right facing me, with her legs spread so that I can see all 
of her front and feel all over her lean, fine muscle toned body while she 
gives me head and a short hand job.  Then she gets on top, slips it inside, 
and starts the old in-and-out at just the right pace.  It is difficult for 
me to describe this experience, since I'm not real sure exactly just what is 
going on down there, but Honey is able to do things to your cock with her 
pussy that most women either can't or won't do.  Suffice it to say that it 
is magic, and I soon squirt like I can't remember.  She stays there awhile, 
sitting while I whither away inside her, and then she gets up, takes off the 
condom, and again I accompany her to the bidet for another washing.

Then it is back to bed, and we talk about what we've done the past year.  
Honey remembers me, even though we only see each other once a year.  She 
remembers what we talked about before, including what I've shared about my 
personal life.  This amazes me, because Honey must see a lot of men.  Honey 
and I are movie fans, so we recommend movies and talk movie talk.  Also, 
Honey travels a lot and she tells me what her trip was like (she's traveled 
in Egypt, along the Amazon River, etc.).

Eventually, I start to feel Nature's call again, Honey gets me up and going 
with a hand job, and then more head, and finally I finish off with either 
doggie style or missionary.

I can only describe my time with Honey as a religious experience!

Honey isn't always in, so I suggest that you call before making a special 
trip to see her.  Call The Mustang Ranch at (702) 356-9956 and ask if 
"Honey" is in.

So, if you are so fortunate as to actually get a private audience with 
Honey, then please tell her that you heard about her from this FAQ, and that 
"the scientist" says hello.  And you had better treat her nicely!

+-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-*-+

If you have questions, please send e-mail to : bashful@paranoia.com