Copyright © 1998,   (Beth).  ALL Rights Reserved
The following story is being published anonymously for the author (Beth) 
by Mr Double (mrdouble@mrdouble.com).  



-----
From viperXXXtreme@hotmail.com 
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: Beth's Story: My Young Neighbor (Part 1 & 2)
From: viperXXXtreme <viperXXXtreme@hotmail.com>
Date: Mon, 04 Aug 1997 
------

Hi.  My name is Beth.  I'm 29 years old. I have long blonde hair,
and I'm blessed with a nice body and an attractive face.  I am happily
married to a wonderful man named Frank, and we live in a nice quiet
section a few miles outside Miami Beach, FL.
     Up until last year, for the most part our lives were just normal
like everyone else.  Don't get me wrong, we both were and still very
happy with each other.  We have an excellent sex life and have no
problems satisfying our needs.  But something happened last summer that
changed our lives some.  Not for the worst, but for the better.  This
experience has opened new doors for us, and it is for this reason that I
want to share some of these experiences with you.  I hope you enjoy
reading this.  I certainly enjoyed writing it.

     It started last summer, August to be exact.  My husband had just
got home that day from a week long convention he was attending in
Atlanta.  I was in my back yard cleaning up some from a little family
gathering I had the day before when I decided the heck with this.. the
sun was shining and it was such a hot day that I was going to be lazy
and just lay out on a blanket and work on my already dark tan.  That's
when I noticed Tommy, my 17 year old neighbor who lives next door.  He
was watching me through the wooden fence that seperates our yards.  This
did not come as a surprise to me because ever since we moved here 3
years ago, Tommy has always looked at me with wide eyes and mouth
opened.  At first I thought it was just one of those boyish crushes that
would go away after awhile.  But as the years came, I could see that his
innocent looks had turned to hot passion and desire.  To be honest with
you, I was rather flattered, and a little turned on by it.  But I never
meant to go anywhere with this.  After all, he was just a boy and I was
a married woman.  But all this would change on that one hot August
day...  


                                       - One -

     As I lay on my tummy, stretched out on the blanket, I saw that
Tommy was spying on me.  He was looking through one of the cracks on the
fence between my backyard and his.  Normally I would have gotten angry,
but I know how 17 year old boys are.  And because I take good care of my
body, I knew I looked pretty good to him  I heard the back door swing
open as Frank walked out into the yard.  As he approached me he said,
"Honey, you look so sexy laying there, I could just eat you."
        "Mmmmm.. now that's a nice thought." I moaned as I looked up at
him.  I watched him as he took the bottle of tanning oil and poured some
of it into his hand.

     Frank began to massage the oil on my back.  He started on my
shoulders, and then my back.  His hands felt good as he moved slowly
across my back.  I could see Tommy's eyes stare hard as he watched my
husband massage me.  I began to get aroused knowing that Tommy was
watching.  I knew his cock would be aching with desire by now.
     "Lower.  Go lower, honey." I moaned to my husband.
     His hands moved lower until they rested at the edge of my skimpy
bikini bottom.  He continued to massage the base of my back.
     "Lower." I whimpered.
     Frank smiled as is one hand slid underneath the material and rested
it on my right ass-cheek.  As he massaged the soft flesh of my ass, I
noticed that my husband had a huge bulge of his own inside his shorts. 
I had almost forgotten that it had been almost a week since we had sex,
and I knew he was very excited.  It was then I decided to really put on
a show for Tommy.
     I let out a soft moan when Frank's other hand slipped underneath my
bikini bottom and gently massaged my other ass-cheek.  My pussy was
getting wet as I felt my husband's hands on my ass.  I turned my head
towards him and rotated my ass, grinding my hot pussy into the blanket. 
I let my body slide upwards a little so that my panties would work their
way down until most of my ass was visible.  I turned towards the fence
to see if Tommy was still hiding there.  I smiled when I saw his eyes
glued to me.
     By now, Frank was moaning as he felt his own passion build.  Using
my right foot, I slowly kicked forward, moving my body away from him. 
His hands slowly slid off my ass.  Kneeling on the edge of the blanket,
Frank watched me with a dumbfounded look on his face.  I slowly turned
over on my back and raised my right leg.  Pointing my toes forward, I
streteched my leg until my foot rested on his groin.  Slowly, I began to
massage his throbbing cock with the bottom of my foot.  Frank let out a
soft moan as I rubbed him.
     "Oh my God." he whispered.  "You know, Baby, I am really fucking
horney."
     "I know, Sweetheart.  It's been almost a week, hasn't it?" I said
as I rubbed a little harder.
     "Yes, and I'm gonna cum if you don't stop." he answered, grabbing
my ankle with one hand.
     He moved my foot off of him and turned to the side.  I giggled and
arched my foot.  Using his other hand, he massaged my toes and the
bottom of my foot.  I closed my eyes and let out a soft moan.  I let him
do this for only a minute or so until I told him to sit on the lawn
chair.

     I bent over and unbuttoned his shorts.  Then I pulled down his fly
and dipped my hand inside.  I gently grasped his cock and carefully
pulled it out.  As I slowly stroked it, I felt it twitch inside my
hand.  I could see from the corner of my eye that Tommy watched with
wide eyes. 
And from the sounds Frank was making, I knew he was already close to the
edge.
     Looking down at this beautiful hunk of flesh, I dropped to my
knees and lowered my head.  I let his cock slip between my lips and into
my mouth.  I took about half of his cock into my mouth and gave it a
hard suck.  Frank moaned loudly and I felt his body stiffen.  I began to
bob my head, taking more of his cock into my mouth with each stroke. 
Frank's hand quickly moved to the back of my head and he buried his
fingers in my thick blonde hair.  I could feel him coaxing me into
taking more of his cock.
     By now, his cock was drenched with my saliva and his own juices,
and my lips slid easily up and down.  I could taste the salty flesh with
my tongue as I licked it along the way.  I was taking all of his cock in
my mouth, and I could feel the head touch the back of my throat.  My
hands gently massaged  his balls.  Frank began to squirm on the lawn
chair as my head bobbed up and down.  His grip became tighter and his
moans grew more intense.  Suddenly he cried out and he arched his body
upward.  A stream of hot cum hit the back of my throat.  Quickly, I
backed up and tightened my lips around the thick flesh, just beneath the
head.  Frank came hard and fast.  I could feel his cock pulsate with
each spurt as he filled my mouth with his hot juice.  I sucked hard, not
wanting to lose a drop.  I moved my one hand to the base of his cock and
slowly jerked him off.
     Finally, he fell back into his chair and I felt his body relax. 
With his cock still in my mouth, I swallowed his cum in three gulps. 
His hand no longer gripped the back of my head.  Instead, I felt his
fingers gently stroking my hair.  I bobbed my head once more, this time
slowly sucking his drained cock all the way into my mouth and throat. 
When I released him, his cock was dry and limp.  Looking up at him, I
could see he had a very pleased look on his face.  I couldn't help but
smile at him.  As I swallowed the last of his juices, I quickly glanced
over at the fence.  Tommy was still there watching us and he was rubbing
the bulge that was in his pants..  This made me even smile more.
     Suddenly, I had an idea.  Or perhaps a new desire.  I thought
about my little plan as I knelt in front of my husband, stroking his now
limp cock.  I couldn't beleive I was actually thinking this.

                                  - Two -

     Ten o'clock that night, I lay naked on top of my husband's muscular
body in our bedroom upstairs.  His cock was fully erect by now, thanks
to a little help and encouragement by me of course.  I must have spent
the last 15 minutes or so kneeling between his legs; licking, stroking
and sucking his cock.  There was a couple of times I had to stop because
he was about to cum.  But a quick gentle squeeze and a few moments of
hot passionate kissing, Frank calmed down enough as to where I could
continue to enjoy him with my mouth and tongue.
     As I held his cock just inches above my hot pussy, I gave him a few
quick strokes.  My long slim fingers barely reached around it.  His cock
was hard as a rock, but because it was coated with my saliva and his
juices, it felt wet and slippery.  I lowered myself onto him, guiding
his throbbing cock into my already wet pussy.  Frank had devoured my
whole body just a short time ago with his tongue and mouth, making me
cum twice.  My pussy was so wet.  My nipples so hard.  He had me so hot
and aroused that I just had to suck his cock.  And the more I sucked,
the more wet my pussy had gotten.
     Frank's cock slid easily into my pussy.  Slowly, I lowered myself,
wanting to feel every inch of his cock as it entered my wet hole.  When
he was completely inside me, I positioned myself on my knees and he
arched his groin upwards, pushing himself deeper inside me.  That alone
made me cum and I let out a loud moan.. maybe it was a scream.. as I
experienced my third orgasm of the evening.  I rode his cock as he
thrusted himself in and out of me.  I felt his hands grab my
heart-shaped ass, firmly squeezing my soft cheeks, pulling me downwards
as he buried his long shaft inside me.  The room was filled with our
passionate moans and the squeaking sound of the
bed.  Our pace had quickened quite a bit and I could feel another orgasm
growing.
    As we made love, I couldn't help notice Tommy's house staring at me
through the window.  It was dark outside, but I could see lights on. 
Tommy's bedroom light in particular.  I couldn't help but wonder if
Tommy was peeping through his window at us, looking through a spy glass,
watching Frank and I fuck like wild animals.  For some strange reason,
the thought of this made me even more excited.  More passionate.  And
more inhibited.  Without even thinking, I took my hands and gripped
Frank's waste and began to fuck him hard and fast.  My moans grew louder
with each stroke and I could hear Frank's moans get louder too.  His
eyes were closed the whole
time.  We both were on the verge of cumming, but I wanted to cum first. 
So I fucked him faster.  He slid easily in and out of me.  My pussy was
so wet, so hot.  I felt my whole body perspiring.
     A minute later I experienced the most incredible orgasm I think I
ever had.  My pussy convulsed like a volcano and I flooded Frank's cock
with my juices.  I screamed in ecstasy.  As I was cumming, Frank's moans
grew loud and I felt his fingers dig into my back and buttocks.  I kept
riding his cock, but he was doing most of the moving as he quickly
thrusted his cock
upwards, trying to go deeper inside me.  Then he let out a loud cry and
I felt him shoot his thick juice inside me.  His came hard, his spurts
felt like little tongues licking inside me as he flooded my hole.  After
about 3 spurts, I took a hold of his cock and quickly got off him.  I
dived towards
his ejaculating cock, and the next spurt hit me on my lips and chin.  I
opened my mouth and closed my lips around his pulsating shaft, just in
time to catch the next spurt.  He continued to cum, and I felt 3 or 4
more spurts coat the inside of my mouth.  My fist feverishly stroked
him, pumping all he had to offer.  When he finally was finished, and his
body no longer tense, I let his cock slip out of my mouth and swallowed
his hot juice.
     For the next few minutes, we both lay back in the bed, feeling
completely drained and satisfied.  Frank's head rested on the pillow,
watching me as I lay between his legs.  Kneeling towards him, I looked
down at him with my sexy smile, licking and sucking his shrinking cock. 
He smiled at me as I rubbed his cock over my cum-soaked chin and mouth,
then when I guided it back into my mouth and sucked the cum off his
skin, he said, "Wow."  His cock twitched a few times as I continued
doing this.  When I thought I had wiped most of his cum off my face, I
stopped, swallowed what was in my mouth, and slowly slid my body up his
until we were face to face.  Then I gave him a long, deep, passionate
kiss.

     An hour later, it was my head that was resting on the pillow and
Frank was down on the other end of the bed.  We were both very happy and
satisfied, and pretty tired, but Frank insisted on giving me a leg and
foot massage.  He just adored my legs and feet.  I guess that is why I
pamper them so much.  I know he loves the way they look and feel, and to
be honest, I do love a good leg and foot massage.  As I felt his hands
caress my long shapely legs and feet, I tried to keep from falling
asleep.  But with my husband's soothing hands at work, it was quite a 
difficult task.  My
eyes were closed most of the time.
     During this time we talked, but it was mostly him that would talk. 
He liked to compliment me on how pretty my legs looked or how soft my
feet felt, and he would tell me these things as his fingers touched
them. Although I enjoyed hearing the compliments and feeling his loving
hands
caressing me, I found my thoughts moving to Tommy, and the new desires I
had begun to feel.  I wanted to tell Frank about it.  Tell him what I
felt, what I wanted to do.  We're both very open minded people and I
knew he would at least be open enough to listen to me.  Maybe even want
it to happen, too.
     When I opened my eyes again, I tilted my head so I could see
Frank.  He was sitting at the end of the bed facing me.  He was holding
my left foot with his hands, his fingers massaging the sides and bottom,
working their way up to my red polished toes.  Then he would take each
toe between his fingers and gently pull on it.  When he was finished he
would start all over.  I could see he was really into it.  I couldn't
help notice that his cock was already semi-hard.  I raised my leg until
my foot was at his chin.  Smiling at him, I asked, "You really enjoy
doing that, don't you Honey?"
    Frank smiled back at me as he raised my foot to his lips.  With my
foot resting in his palm, he kissed each toe, then answered, "I love
your feet.  I love your legs.  I love your body.  But most important, I
love you."
     "I love you too, Sweetheart."  I smiled back at him.
     It was at that moment I decided to tell my husband what I was
feeling and what I wanted to do.
     "Sweetheart," I said with my sweet innocent voice.  "Why don't you
come up here and lay next to me.  There's something I want to talk to
you about."
     Frank looked at me with a puzzled look, but he still kept his
smile.  "Okay."  he said curiously as he crawled up the bed next to me.
     I turned to my side and propped my head on my hand as I rested my
elbow on the bed.  As Frank lay comfortably on his back, I began to
lightly caress his muscular chest with my fingers.  As I did, he turned
just a bit to face me.
     "Do you ever notice how Tommy Robertson looks at me every time he
sees me?"  I began.
     "Yeah, I notice." Frank answered with a smile.  Then he chuckled,
"I think he has the hots for you, baby."
     "Well I know he does, Frank.  Every time I see him he has a bulge
in his pants the size of a baseball."
     Frank laughed loudly.  "Well you do have that effect on almost all
the male species on this planet, Sweetheart.  I wouldn't worry about it
if I was you."
     "I'm not, Honey.  Not at all.  As a matter of fact," I stopped
then, thinking to myself, should I really go on with this?
     There was a long pause as Frank waited for me to continue.  He
looked at me very curiously.  Finally I decided to tell him.
     "It, it kind of makes me feel good when men look at me that way."
     "Well that's good.  You're a beautiful woman, Bethany.  And you
deserve to feel that way."
     I knew my husband didn't understand what I meant, so I decided to
be more direct.
     "No, Honey.  I mean, it turns me on.  I get very hot and wet when
men look at me that way."
     Frank's eyes opened wide and I could see that he was surprised.  I
thought it would be best if I tried to explain this a little better.
     "You see, whenever I'm out, let's say in the mall or in the grocery
store, I can always tell when a man has noticed me.  I can feel his eyes
all over my body.  I can sense the passion he feels as he undresses me
with them.  I don't even have to be looking at him.  I could be standing
there with my back to him, yet I know he's watching me.  I can feel his
eyes touching me, studying every detail, and every curve on my body.  I
can feel his passion build.  He wants me.  He wants to touch me.  He
wants to fuck me.  And when I do look at him, I can see that he does.  I
see it in his eyes.  And I see it between his legs.  That's when I feel
my passion rise.  My body tingles.  I get so excited.  I get so hot. 
And I get so wet."
     Frank looked at me with wide eyes and a partially opened mouth as I
confessed my feelings to him.  The only thing he could say, and it was
more like a long whisper was, "Wow!"
     I don't know why, but my eyes quickly focused on his cock.  It was
quite hard now, and almost fully erect.  I realized that not only did
this shock him, but excited him as well.  I suddenly had a need to touch
it.  I began to slowly move my hand off his chest and work my way down.
     "Remember this afternoon, in the backyard when I was giving you a
blow-job?"  I asked him.
     "Yeah." he answered softly, still looking at me with wide eyes.
     "Tommy was watching us through the fence.  He saw us in the yard. 
He watched me suck you off."
     Then it was Frank's turn to shock me.
     "I know." he muttered softly.  "I saw him peeking through the
fence.  And I have to admit, I was really turned on by it.  I think that
is why I was so damn excited and why I came so quick.  I knew he was
watching you do that, and I could only imagine what it must have looked
like through his eyes.  God Beth, you are so beautiful and so sexy.  How
can anyone not get excited when they see you?"
     When my long fingers had finally reached his cock, I slid my
fingers lightly along the shaft until they rested near the head.  I felt
it twitch, then wrapping my fingers around the thick flesh, I began to
slowly jerk him off. 
     "You know how we always talked about our fantasies and how it would
be nice to make them really happen?"  I reminded him about our many
conversations about this topic.
     "Yeah," he answered with a very curious voice.
     "Well I have this fantasy." I said to my husband as I stroked his
now fully erect cock.  "I want Tommy.  I want to tease him.  I want to
excite him.  I want to make him want me like he never wanted me before. 
Then, when I have him feeling so hot and so excited that he's just one
step away from exploding.."
     Frank's cock began to throb in my hand.  I closed my fist a little
more as I stroked the entire length of it.  His cock felt so hot and so
big in my hand.
     "I want to fuck him."
     Silence.  Frank just looked at me with a shocked look.  I sat there
looking at him, watching his face.  Waiting to see a reaction.  Waiting
to hear what he had to say about that.  His cock continued to throb in
my hand, so I knew he was still excited.  Finally, after what seemed
like an hour, but was only a few seconds, he smiled.
     "You want to seduce our next door neighbor?  A 17 year old kid?" 
He began to laugh.
     "Sure."  I said innocently.  "Why not?"
     Frank laughed.  He didn't say anything for awhile, but I could see
he was thinking about it.  And from the way his cock felt in my hand, I
guessed he kind of liked that idea.
     Then suddenly, he looked at me with a strange look.  A look I never
seen on him before.  His eyes were on fire.  Not an angry fire, but a
passionate one.
     "Tell me, Baby." he spoke softly as he started to move on top of
me.  "Tell me what you want to do to Tommy?"
     He started to nibble at my neck, which sent shivers all through my
body.  Talking about my fantasy had already made my pussy wet, but his
mouth sent new sensations down there.  I closed my eyes as I felt his
mouth sucking my neck.
     "I'm going to make him hard.  Oh, so hard." I whispered in his
ear.  "I'm going to make his cock throb, just like the way yours is
right now."
     Frank moaned as his mouth began to lick and suck on my chest.  By
now, my nipples were erect and my pussy was getting hotter.
     "Then I'm going to put his hot throbbing cock in my mouth and suck
on it until he's ready to explode."
     Frank's hands cupped my small breasts and stroked my nipples with
his thumbs.
     "Oh yeah?" he moaned softly, taking my left breast into his sucking
mouth.
     More shivers go through my body.  My pussy was on fire.
     "Then, I'm going to sit on that beautiful cock of his until it is
completely inside of me."
     Just the thought of that had almost made me cum right then and
there.  But I was suddenly distracted when I felt Frank's cock touch the
lips of my hot pussy.  He stared down at me with hot passion in his
eyes.  His lips barley touched mine.
     "You mean, like this?"  he moaned.
     Suddenly I felt his cock slide through my pussy lips and into my
hot pussy.  My mouth opened as I let out a soft moan, and his tongue
quickly met mine.  I released his cock.  We began to kiss passionately. 
Our tongues feverishly attacking each other.  He began to pump his cock
in and out
of my pussy.  And as he did, I arched my body upwards in rhythm with
his.   It felt so intense and so hot, I was feeling things I never felt
before.  His cock felt so big and so alive.  It felt as if it was the
very first time I did this.  It didn't take too long for me to cum that
night.  And when I did it was like I had 6 orgasms at once.  Soon after,
Frank exploded inside me, filling me up with a huge load of hot cum.  I
think I felt every powerful spurt he shot off.  It was sensational.
     Afterwards, we lay in each other's arms, both of us feeling very
satisfied and content.
     "You really want to go through with this, huh?"  he asked as his
fingers lightly stroked my back and ass.
     "Yes."  I nodded.  "I really do."
     "Cool."  Frank said with a smile, giving me his consent.  "When?"
he then asked.
     His question took me by surprise.  I thought about it, but only for
a second.
     "Tomorrow."  I answered.  "I think, tomorrow."
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Well, this is the end of part 2.  There's more.. lots more.  And I'm
anxious to share more of this with you if you want.  If you want me to
continue to post, please write and let me know.  I don't want to waste
my time posting to a group where no one is going to enjoy it.  I want to
thank everyone who wrote me after I posted part 1.  Your letters and
feedback tell me that there are still people coming on here looking for
good erotica.  Keep those letters cumming! :)  
Until next time..

  Beth
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com
site mirrors at:
http://pw1.netcom.com/~mrdouble/main/mirrors.htm

Be There.....