        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [An editorial essay for  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [woman's right to choose ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [abortion.               ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:400    School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Abortion has been one of this country's most controversial topic on
hand.  But if one sees the constitutional infringement to women by the
restriction of abortion, the torment to the unwanted child and the anguish
society has to sustain,then this topic would not be so debatable.  Too many
people do not see the cause and effect of not being able to have abortions.

     All human beings are given some inalienable right guaranteed by the
Constitution.  One of those privilege is the right to pursue happiness.  A
baby can sometimes disrupt a woman's pursuit of happiness.  Even if she
decides to give it up for adoption, she still has the burden of carrying
the fetus for nine months.  Having the option to perform an abortion can
solve that obstacle.  Taking away this right would be invading on a woman's
constitutional liberty.

     The unwanted child also suffers.  Most of the time the mother of the
unwanted child is very young and inexperienced or too poor to take care of
the child.  The child is usually malnourished, has no medical care, and
gets very little attention or love.  The foster care system isn't any
better.  Only a small percentage of the children are adopted by suitable
parents.  But the rest remain in the foster care system, where there is
little or no personal care.   In both cases, the child has a poor education
because of the lack of attention and discipline. He grows up to be
unproductive individual or a menace to society.  Many get involved in drugs
and crimes.  These individuals are also very violent, lacking morality due
small amount of care they received themselves. In the long run, not only
does the child suffer but also society, who has to tolerate his violent
behavior and crimes.  An abortion can be seen as putting the child out of
misery while he doesn't have the ability to reason or fear.

     In short, abortion allows a woman to retain her constitutional rights,
it relieves a would be suffering child out of his distress and it
establishes a safer and more peaceful society.  On these grounds, abortion
should be kept legal, and even encouraged to specific individuals, for
benefits to all of us.
