        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [What is an Angina and   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [what is the cure.       ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:396   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
QUESTION:  What is Angina? And what is the cure?
================================
RESPONSE:
   Angina refers to the pain arising from lack of adequate blood supply to
the heart muscle.  Typically, it is a crushing pain behind the breastbone
in the center of the chest, brought on by exertion and relieved by rest.
It may at times radiate to or arise in the left arm, neck, jaw, left chest,
or back.  It is frequently accompanied by sweating, palpitations of the
heart, and generally lasts a matter of minutes.  Similar pain syndromes may
be caused by other diseases, including esophagitis, gall bladder disease,
ulcers, and others.

   Diagnosis of angina begins with the recognition of the consistent
symptoms.  Often an exercise test with radioactive thallium is performed if
the diagnosis is in question, and sometimes even a cardiac catheterization
is done if the outcome is felt necessary to make management decisions.
This is a complex area which requires careful judgment by physician and
patient.

   Angina is a manifestation of coronary artery disease, the same disease
leading to heart attacks.  Coronary artery diseas refers to those syndromes
caused by blockage to the flow of blood in those arteries supplying the
heart muscle itself, i.e., the coronary arteries. Like any other organ, the
heart requires a steady flow of oxygen and nutrients to provide energy for
rmovement, and to maintain the delicate balance of chemicals which allow
for the careful electrical rhythm control of the heart beat.  Unlike some
other organs, the heart can survive only a matter of minutes without these
nutrients, and the rest of the body can survive only minutes without the
heart--thus the critical nature of these syndromes.

   Causes of blockage range from congenital tissue strands within or over
the arteries to spasms of the muscular coat of the arteries themselves.  By
far the most common cause, however, is the deposition of plaques of
cholesterol, platelets and other substances within the arterial walls.
Sometimes the buildup is very gradual, but in other cases the buildup is
suddenly increased as a chunk of matter breaks off and suddenly blocks the
already narrowed opening.

   Certain factors seem to favor the buildup of these plaques.  A strong
family history of heart attacks is a definite risk factor, reflecting some
metabolic derangement in either cholesterol handling or some other factor.
Being male, for reasons probably related to the protective effects of some
female hormones, is also a relative risk.  Cigarette smoking and high blood
pressure are definite risks, both reversible in most cases.  Risk also
increases with age. Elevated blood cholesterol levels (both total and low
density types) are risks, whereas the high density cholesterol level is a
risk only if it is reduced.  Possible, but less well-defined factors
include certain intense and hostile or time-pressured personality types
(so-called type A), inactive lifestyle, and high cholesterol diets.

   Medications are increasingly effective for symptom control, as well as
prevention of complications.  The oldest and most common agents are the
nitrates, derivatives of nitroglycerine.  They include nitroglycerine,
isosorbide, and similar agents.  Newer forms include long acting oral
agents, plus skin patches which release a small amount through the skin
into the bloodstream over a full day.  They act by reducing the burden of
blood returning to the heart from the veins and also by dilating the
coronary arteries themselves.  Nitrates are highly effective for relief and
prevention of angina, and sometimes for limiting the size of a heart
attack.  Used both for treatment of symptoms as well as prevention of
anticipated symptoms, nitrates are considered by many to be the mainstay of
medical therapy for angina.

   The second group of drugs are called "beta blockers" for their ability
to block the activity of the beta receptors of the nervous system.  These
receptors cause actions such as blood pressure elevation, rapid heart rate,
and forceful heart contractions.  When these actions are reduced, the heart
needs less blood, and thus angina may be reduced.

   The newest group of drugs for angina is called the calcium channel
blockers.  Calcium channels refer to the areas of the membranes of heart
and other cells where calcium flows in and out, reacting with other
chemicals to modulate the force and rate of contractions.  In the heart,
they can reduce the force and rate of contractions and electrical
excitability, thereby having a calming effect on the heart.  Although their
final place in heart disease remains to be seen, they promise to play an
increasingly important role.

   When medications are unsuccessful, or if there is concern about an
impending or potential heart attack, coronary bypass surgery is highly
successful in reducing symptoms. Whether or not it prolongs survival is
questionable for most patients.

   Angina which is new or somehow different from previous episodes in any
way is termed unstable angina,   is a medical emergency, and requires
urgent attention.  Research is active, and careful medical follow-up is
important.mergency, and requires urgent attention.  Research is active, and
careful medical follow-up is important.
