        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on the Diary of  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Anne Frank.             ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 06/94  # of Words:618   School:Private/CoEd   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                    Diary of Anne Frank

     The story Diary of Anne Frank was a very interesting book which showed
the ways a group of Jewish people during the 1940's went about trying to
conceal their identity and themselves.  This story was a true story taken
from a diary of a young girl during the incident.  This was made into a
play during 1955.  This was praised as Frances Goodrich's and her husband
Albert Hackett's most famous work as it was performed.

     The play was started in November of 1945.  As Mr.  Frank began to read
the diary, it flashed back to July 1942 in an attic in Amsterdam because
this was where the people were hiding and represented the type of place
that Jews all over were living.  The most important part of the play were
the people who were acted out.  They gave the play a sense of flavor and
realism.  Anne, a young German girl was particularly amusing because of the
scuffles she and everyone around her seemed to have.  Anne's Mother was a
woman who was more traditional than anything else and wanted Anne to be
more like a lady.  One such person was Margot.  As Anne's sister, she was
very nice and didn't speak out and was very proper.  The Frank's weren't
the only ones in this attic, there were other people such as the Van Daans.
Mr.  Frank let them stay because they needed a place to hide and since they
had helped him out so much in the past by actually teaching Mr. Frank
German, he felt it was the least he could do.  The Van Daans had a son
which Anne later became interested in.  Peter was the only person who Anne
could understand and knew that Anne could understand him.  They could both
talk to each other freely when they were together.  Dussel soon joined the
group.  He was only supposed to be up in the attic for a short time, but he
ended up staying till the end.  He had to leave his Dentistry to hide out
from the Germans.  These people would not of lasted too long without the
help of Miep Gies and Mr. Kraler who gave them the necessities they needed
to survive up in the attic for so long.  All these people gave their own
personality and views to add new dimensions to the play and make it more
enjoyable.  They all were believable by their realism and how they acted to
certain situations.

     The play was about the conflicts and struggles two families living
together for a long period of time seemed to get a bit crazy.  In general,
they were hiding from the Nazi's.  During their hiding out, Anne and Peter
soon found a friendship between each other and started talking building up
a relationship after about 2 years of nothing. This story was a prime
example of what tons of families and different people had to live through
during these hard times.  The play demonstrated it the way it was as people
who are nice and happy at the beginning and start to crumble as the years
go by.  Mr. Van Daan crumbled because he started stealing food while he
knew his own son was close to starving.

     I thought this was a very interesting play about several groups of
people and how they were able to survive up in the attic for about 4 years
in the attic with almost only themselves.  I think this is a good book for
people who like suspense as in if Anne and everyone else gets caught
ultimately in the end of the play.  It also would be good for someone who
was learning how Jews lived during the 1940's with the Germans as a threat
to their freedom.
