        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Interesting View on     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [being Environmentally   ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [aware.                  ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:506   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Cultural Anthropology

Oil Never Sleeps

     Recently while reading Surfer Magazine I came across a fascinating
article called "Oil Never Sleeps".  At first I thought it would ge just
another "Environmental Complaint" or whining session.  Surfers are always
concerned with the ocean and the safety of using it.  I was surprised to
see a new view or perspective being used.  In the past, oil contaminations
were always told of from an etic point of view towards the oil industry.

     In this artilce, the author connects with the surfers and the oil
industry as being part of both of them (Emic).  His discussion making this
inclusion was very clever.  The surfboards, wetsuits, wax, and accessories
are primarily made from petroleum.  The transportation to the beach even
uses and supports this beast that's been destroying the ocean and earth.

     His examination of the data is fairly thorough.  It reminded me of
class discussions about cultures that exploit nature versus those who live
in harmony with it.  All of this time I have felt myself to be one of the
more environmentally aware people.  I ride bicycle and skateboard locally
to keep from using a car. Now after reading about "petroleum surfboards", I
realize that bicycles have a lot more oil in them than you might think.
All of the safety gear is oil, the helmet, pads, shoes, lycra shorts,
bottles, even the wristwatch.  The same applies to skateboarding.

     At this point I look up and see thousands of gallons of oil in my
house.  I'm surrounded by it.  My sofas, phones, t.v., vcrs, planters,
catbox, computer system, picture frames, all of my product containers,
security system, bags, tapes, cameras, even the pen I'm using.  I wear it,
put it in my mouth twice a day to clean my teeth, massage my head for
vanity with it, cover my eyes with it, talk to it, carry it in my pockets,
buy groceries with it, get cash with it, and walk with it on my feet. It
makes me ill thinking that I pointed the finger outward to lay blame on
"them" when Exxon Valdez spilled our lover into the ocean.

     The culture of the industrial world has revolved around oil. It fights
and kills for it.  It's worse than any drug addiction and more powerful
than money (which was printed on 50% oil based paper).  This illness is
limited to those of us above the farming level.  The mode of subsistence
for the whole world is oil, with exception of the rapidly disappearing
natural inhabitants (tribes, animals, etc..).
     
     The author didn't look this deeply into the subject, but it did probe
me to look at the whole picture about oil.  Nevertheless, his picture of us
and oil is just as terrible.  The ending didn't give many reasonable
solutions, there can always be safer ships, but until this "culture of oil"
develops higher understanding or moves on, we will all have to deal with
spills, land contamination, and acid rain.  If the earth is our mother,
then oil is our lover.
