        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the New        ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Treatment, QM212 For    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Treating Diseases.      ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 06/94  # of Words:493   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Revolutionary QM212

Abstract:
        A new process in bio-chemistry involves the manipulation of
 molecules to defeat diseases, viruses, chemical warfare, and to reduce the
 cost of bio-chemical engineering.  This new process is refined in that the
 researcher utilizes new computer technology to model the behavior of
 certain molecules to insert a "slot" for discarding unwanted foreign
 objects.  These unwanted foreign objects are discarded by fixing the slot
 to fit the objects.  This slot can be customized, through manipulation and
 modelling, to fit many different objects.  Therefore, objects such as
 viruses, poisonings, or bacteria, could be jetted out of ones body.  This
 aspect could one day benefit millions of people around the world.


Chemical Process:
        Teams from universities successfully inserted instructions for
building an anti-fluorescein antibody in the DNA of bacteria.  This
antibody binds with fluorescein molecules.  Into this chunk of material,
they inserted instructions for buildin g a metal-ion binding sight.  They
discovered where to put this slot by simulating the antibody on a large
computer. The resulting product revealed an anti-fluorescein antibody which
binds to metal ions. After physically inserting the genetic code in to E.
coli. bacteria, the researchers had a large batch of a new compound which
they named QM212.  When copper was added to this new batch, it binded with
the metal-ion binding sight, decreasing the fluorescent emissions.


Applications:
        The human immune system already uses similar antibodies for similar
tasks.  Natural antibodies conform to the shape of foreign bodies and bind
to the outer surface.  They then release enzymes to break down the
substance.  In the experiment, c opper acted as the foreign body while
QM212 was the antibody.

        One application of this process could be used by the military. The
military, utilizing bio-chemical tools, could engineer an antibody which
binds with nerve gas and splits each molecule.  This could be accomplished
by first of all searching t he Brookhaven database for a proper antibody.
Then, using large mainframe computers, one can manipulate models of the
antibody and create a binding sight for the nerve gas molecules.  Then, the
soldier would inject himself with the antibodies when h e is nerve gased.

        Another application of this process could be used by bioФ chemists
in fighting the AIDS epidemic.  If an antibody was engineered to conform to
the AIDS virus, it could break it in half and dispose of it.

        Finally, using E. coli., synthetic antibodies replacing current
vaccines could be mass produced.  Instead of growing cultures of a disease
then killing them for use in vaccines, one could produce one antibody which
conforms to the disease the n reproduce this with E. Coli.

Impacts:
        The impact of these applications could benefit people around the
world.  Soldiers would not die (and continue killing like blind mice)
because of the nerve gas serum.

        The AIDS epidemic would halt as announcements of a new product
 which would desist the AIDS virus fill the radio waves.  AIDS is
 increasing exponentially and this would halt its fatal expansion.  Also,
 biologists would no longer waste money in replicating vaccines.  A
 mini-computer would be used to replicate synthetic antibodies instead.

        Creating molecules with the uncanningly precise seek-andФ destroy
capabilities of natural antibodies is an exciting step in replicating
nature's fascinating immune system.

Bibliography
Uehling, Mark D. "Birth of a Molecule."  February 1992, p. 74
