             ___     ___      ___
         ___|:  |___|:  \ ___|:  \           DizDate: 12/95
 _______\___    \___     \___  ___\_______   WordCount: 401
 «¬¬¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |____|     ___|¬¬¬¬¬¬«
  «¬¬¬¬¬|       |   |:   |    |:  |¬¬¬¬¬«    Subject/Topic is on:
   «¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |:   |        |¬¬¬¬«     [Argumentative Essay Trying   ]
    ----\___|:  |\__     |\__     |----      [to convince someone to stay  ]
     úúúúúúú\___|cd!|___/'úúú|___/'úúú       [in school                    ]
      `,     a       c       e      ,`       [(A) Paper                    ]
        `, e   s   s   a   y   s  ,`         [                             ]

 Grade Level: [ ]Grade School           Type of Work: [x]Essay/Report/Term
              [x]High School                          [ ]Informational
              [ ]College                              [ ]Notes
                                                      [ ]Misc
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
File ARGUMENT.TXT has 401 words, and 2367 bytes.

Argumentative Essay

Dear Ben,
     Hey Ben!  I was talking with Sean yesterday when he told me the news,
you're planning to delay college.  This came as a shock to me when I heard
it.  By not attending college, you may get a year's rest and a chance to
think your decisions through, but if you ever do decide to attend college,
you will miss out on a lot of opportunities as well. I think you should
consider going to college rather than driving the open  road after High
School.

     The information you've learned in High School will be more fresh in
your mind now than  1 year from now.  You have passed 12 years of
schooling, yet now you believe it is time to rest and see other places and
people for a year or more before attempting college.  College adds 4 more
years of intense work, yet knowledge learned within High School can make
learning new material easier for you.  Other people often find themselves
getting sidetracked once they put off the option to attend college, that
can only hinder your ability to eventually become a college graduate.

     College can be a fun experience if shared with friends and people of
similar age.  By waiting an extra year or two, you will find it more
uncomfortable within your classes.  The entire college experience involves
parties, football games, and drinking beer with your buddies as well as an
education.  As you get into the entire experience and enjoy college, you
will understand and appreciate what a college offers.

     The ideal time for college is now more than ever as you also have
scholarships and your parents to help with the expensive money arrangement
which is needed.  Parents can be a great help in paying for your college,
and may be willing to pay much more immediately after graduation from High
School, than paying 2 years afterwards. Scholarships are always helpful to
students, paying for a little bit of an expensive college.  Although, to
use the scholarship, you must go immediately to college.

     A College education right now is a lot more beneficial to you and your
future than you may realize.  It can lead to earlier jobs with increased
salaries, better college experience,  and scholarships to help pay for it
all.   I hope the arguments I mentioned above help you to see the other
side of this situation and choose appropriately.
