             ___     ___      ___
         ___|:  |___|:  \ ___|:  \           DizDate: 12/95
 _______\___    \___     \___  ___\_______   WordCount: 544
 «¬¬¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |____|     ___|¬¬¬¬¬¬«
  «¬¬¬¬¬|       |   |:   |    |:  |¬¬¬¬¬«    Subject/Topic is on:
   «¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |:   |        |¬¬¬¬«     [Argumentative Essay (A Paper)]
    ----\___|:  |\__     |\__     |----      [about how Dress Codes and    ]
     úúúúúúú\___|cd!|___/'úúú|___/'úúú       [Hair Restrictions are vital  ]
      `,     a       c       e      ,`       [                             ]
        `, e   s   s   a   y   s  ,`         [                             ]

 Grade Level: [ ]Grade School           Type of Work: [x]Essay/Report/Term
              [x]High School                          [ ]Informational
              [ ]College                              [ ]Notes
                                                      [ ]Misc
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
Argumentative Essay #2

    John Doe walks into a skyscraper, confident and well groomed wearing a
tie, suit, and dress shoes.  His confidence moves him forward, as he enters
an elevator going up to the 23rd floor.  He approaches his first job
interview since leaving Jesuit Prep: McAllen & McAllen Law.  This well
groomed man graduated from Jesuit prep, which had a dress code and hair
restrictions.  This dress code and hair restrictions evolved young men into
mature adults over a 4 year period at Jesuit.  The dress code and hair
restrictions play a vital role for our future as they build class
integration, increase our image in the community, and dress the students
for business, not play.  Jesuit Prep needs to continue this vital dress
code and hair restrictions for the future.

    Having a school full of students wearing the same clothes and
hairstyles helps build an integration within the class.  Students that wear
many different styles of clothes all come together wearing similar pants,
shirts, ties, and shoes.  Through a dress code and hair restrictions,
everyone is helped to be made more comfortable by wearing similar clothes,
otherwise, people may feel alienated with less trendy or "cool" clothes.
Hairstyles help ease this integration as well by giving each person similar
styles making everyone feel more at ease.  The overall integration helps
the students realize that although people may look similar,  the idea that
everyone exhibits will be greatly different.  These different ideas are
present in everyone, and the dress code and hair restrictions help
illustrate that just because someone looks the same, they do not think the
same.  When the students get jobs or find careers in their future, it will
be helpful to know that even though all their co-wor s seem similar, they
are in actuality very different.  This approach to future jobs and careers
will give the students an advantage in being open minded with people.

     The dress code and hair restrictions will help Jesuit students by
improving their image they present to the outside community.  An image is a
very important part of any student's life.  How others perceive us will
impact many future decisions others make.  By abiding to a dress code and
hair restrictions, our image will come across to others as very clean,
organized, and responsible.  Future business partners and bosses will
always be more trusting with people who fit that image.

    Within everyone's life, there is a time for fun and a time for
business.  While some people wait until they are well passed high school
before they prepare for business, Jesuit is in the forefront preparing
students now.  This preparation stems from the dress code and hair
restrictions which are enforced by Jesuit Prep.  When a coat and tie are
worn and hair is neatly brushed,  a student does not want to get dirty, so
they turn businesslike in their manner by learning and acting in a very
mature manner.

    As you can see, the dress code and hair restriction of Jesuit are vital
parts of student development.  Integration, image, and dressing for success
are important benefits of the dress code and hair restrictions. These
benefits will be used into each students' future to help them move forward
within their own career and life.
