        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [What a Bar Mitzvah is.  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:426    School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     A Bar Mitzvah is about becoming a man in the eyes of G-d. That
includes morally and spiritually. Thousands of years ago, when the Hebrews
were crossing over the Sinai desert, the sons of Aaron, the high priest,
sinned. They conducted a service drunk. They had the laws about
intoxication, and knew it was wrong, but still insisted on continuing. For
this they paid with their life.

     Thousands of years have passed on, and not much has changed. Today, in
many major cities, people still commit acts that are morally wrong. There
are some, though, who do not commit these acts. I aspire to be one of them,
like Aaron was thousands of years ago.

     Today, politicians are no better, and, on many occasions, even worse.
They  believe they can lead this country, but they can't even keep their
moral standards or oaths. Wherever we look at people as leaders, they do
something to  prove they are unfit for this title. Sports figures,
politicians, actors, and actresses, have been looked up to as role models
and leaders, and many of them have been brought down by their own immoral
standards. Some of today's lawyers bend the truth. People, who deserve a
life in prison walk free today because of people who twist the facts.

     Their is a definite  similarity between those who have power but do
not have moral standards today and Aaron's sons thousands of years ago. In
all these years people have not changed. Now people have technology that
allows them to break laws even easier than thousands of years ago. Without
pressure on law and morals, people do what they want. I WILL NOT BE ONE OF
THOSE PEOPLE!
 
     There have been many individuals who are helping me to achieve this
goal. My Mother and Father mostly. Also my friends and relatives. I would
like to thank my Aunt Jackie and Uncle Jerry for helping with the
decorations for my Bar Mitzvah. I would also like to thank my Uncle George
and Aunt Ginger for their support in this event. I would like to also thank
my Grandmother Molly, my other Grandmother Rozzie, and my grandfather, Hy.
Among others who I would like to thank are Mr. Baron, in whose class I
learned Hebrew, and my current teacher Dr. Franklin, in whose class I am
improving my Hebrew and learning about my heritage. I also must thank Rabbi
Solomon for helping me through this service, and Hazan Myers for teaching
me how to sing my Haftorah and the blessings that go with it.
