        ЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬ                            ЬЬЬ           ЬЬЬЬ
     ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЫЯЯЯЯЯЫЫЬ       ЬЬЯЯЯЯЬЬЬЬ ЬЫЬ  ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЬЬЬЬЫЯЯ ЯЫЫ
    ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ  ЯЫЫ   ЬЫЫЫЬЫЫЬЬЬ   ЯЫЫЫЫЬ ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЫЫЬЬЬЫЫЭ ЫЯ
        ЯЯЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ ЮЭ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯЫЬЮЫЫЫ    ЫЫЫЫЫЬ    ЯЯЫЫЫЮЯ
Mo.iMP  ЬЫЫЬ  ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭЫ  ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ    ЮЫЫЫЫ     ЮЫЫЫЫЫЭ      ЯЫЯ
      ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ     ЫЫЫ       ЫЫЫЫЫЫ
     ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ  ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ       Я        ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ   ЬЫ
    ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ    ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ               ЮЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ
   ЬЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЬЬ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ ЫЫЮЫЫЫЫЫЭ               ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯ
  ЬЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЫЫЫЫЬЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЮЫ ЯЫЫЫЫЫ           Ь   ЫЭЫЫЫЫЫ             Ь
 ЬЫ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЯЫЬ  ЯЫЫЫЬЬ    ЬЬЫЫЫЯ ЮЫ ЮЫЫЫЭ         ЬЬЫЫ
ЫЫ   ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ    ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ ЯЫЬ  ЯЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ ЬЬЬЯ ЫЫЫЫЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЫЫЫЫЫЯ
 ЯЫЬ   ЬЫЫЫЯ       ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ  ЯЯЬЬ ЯЯЬЫЫЯЯ  ЯЫЫЬ   ЯЯЯЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯ
    ЯЯЯЯЯ                ЯЯЫЫЯ      ЯЯЯЯЯ        ЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯ
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Battle Chess  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:423   School: ?              State: ?
ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>Chop Here>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД
Battle Chess

    Battle Chess is a very detailed game.  You can set it up for many
different levels of play, ranging from beginner to advantanced.  You can
watch the computer play itself or you can have it play against you.  One of
the good features in it are the option to switch players once you start the
game. You can switch with the computer with the click of one mouse button.
You can also play this game over the modem, which means you can play with a
friend that is across the United States.  You can save your games so if you
wish to, you can later finish them. you can have the computer generate a
move for you of you can have it suggest a move.  This can be very handy if
you are a beginner to chess. You can play the game in 2d or 3d.  If you
have a VGA monitor you can see 256 different colors.  You can also play the
game if you have a EGA card. Both cards are very good, but of course the
VGA card provides a lot better display.  You can have the option of having
sound on while you play.  If you have a Sound Blaster (a card that modifies
your sound of your PC to a maximum) you can listen to it in stereo.  If
will sound much better, but you can still use your regular PC speaker.  If
you have a piece taken in the game the two pieces in controversy will
‘simulate a fight.  The piece taken over the other will always win, but it
is still very interesting to watch. I think that this article helped me a
little.  I am not really interested in chess games for the computer.  I
feel that the article was written to the people who are interested in
computer games.  The author of the article was from the publisher of the
company so he was trying to sell the game.  I think that it sounds
interesting.  If I had a friend that was interested in computer games I
would deffinately recommend it to him/her. It sounds like a cool program,
but since I am not too "into" chess I'll stick with adventure games.
