        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Black Hole ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1306  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Everyday we look out upon the night sky, wondering and dreaming of what
lies beyond our planet.  The universe that we live in is so diverse and
unique, and it interests us to learn about all the variance that lies
beyond our grasp.  Within this marvel of wonders our universe holds a
mystery that is very difficult to understand because of the complications
that arise when trying to examine and explore the principles of space. That
mystery happens to be that of the ever clandestine, black hole.

    This essay will hopefully give you the knowledge and understanding of
the concepts, properties, and processes involved with the space phenomenon
of the black hole.  It will describe how a black hole is generally formed,
how it functions, and the effects it has on the universe.

    In order to understand what exactly a black hole is, we must first take
a look at the basis for the cause of a black hole.  All black holes are
formed from the gravitational collapse of a star, usually having a great,
massive, core.  A star is created when huge, gigantic, gas clouds bind
together due to attractive forces and form a hot core, combined from all
the energy of the two gas clouds.  This energy produced is so great when it
first collides, that a nuclear reaction occurs and the gases within the
star start to burn continuously.  The Hydrogen gas is usually the first
type of gas consumed in a star and then other gas elements such as Carbon,
Oxygen, and Helium are consumed.

    This chain reaction fuels the star for millions or billions of years
depending upon the amount of gases there are.

    The star manages to avoid collapsing at this point because of the
equilibrium achieved by itself.  The gravitational pull from the core of
the star is equal to the gravitational pull of the gases forming a type of
orbit, however when this equality is broken the star can go into several
different stages.

    Usually if the star is small in mass, most of the gases will be
consumed while some of it escapes.  This occurs because there is not a
tremendous gravitational pull upon those gases and therefore the star
weakens and becomes smaller.  It is then referred to as a White Dwarf. If
the star was to have a larger mass however, then it may possibly Supernova,
meaning that the nuclear fusion within the star simply goes out of control
causing the star to explode.  After exploding a fraction of the star is
usually left (if it has not turned into pure gas) and that fraction of the
star is known as a neutron star.

    A black hole is one of the last option that a star may take.  If the
core of the star is so massive (approximately 6-8 solar masses; one solar
mass being equal to the sun's mass) then it is most likely that when the
star's gases are almost consumed those gases will collapse inward, forced
into the core by the gravitational force laid upon them.

    After a black hole is created, the gravitational force continues to
pull in space debris and other type of matters to help add to the mass of
the core, making the hole stronger and more powerful.

    Most black holes tend to be in a consistent spinning motion. This
motion absorbs various matter and spins it within the ring (known as the
Event Horizon) that is formed around the black hole.  The matter keeps
within the Event Horizon until it has spun into the centre where it is
concentrated within the core adding to the mass.  Such spinning black holes
are known as Kerr Black Holes.

    Most black holes orbit around stars due to the fact that they once were
a star, and this may cause some problems for the neighboring stars. If a
black hole gets powerful enough it may actually pull a star into it and
disrupt the orbit of many other stars.  The black hole could then grow even
stronger (from the star's mass) as to possibly absorb another.

    When a black hole absorbs a star, the star is first pulled into the
Ergosphere, which sweeps all the matter into the Event Horizon, named for
it's flat horizontal appearance and because this happens to be the place
where mostly all the action within the black hole occurs.  When the star is
passed on into the Event Horizon the light that the star endures is bent
within the current and therefore cannot be seen in space.  At this exact
point in time, high amounts of radiation are given off, that with the
proper equipment can be detected and seen as an image of a black hole.
Through this technique astronomers now believe that they have found a black
hole known as Cygnus X1.  This supposed black hole has a huge star orbiting
around it, therefore we assume there must be a black hole that it is in
orbit with.

    The first scientists to really take an in depth look at black holes and
the collapsing of stars, were a professor, Robert Oppenheimer and his
student Hartland Snyder, in the early nineteen hundreds.  They concluded on
the basis of Einstein's theory of relativity that if the speed of light was
the utmost speed over any massive object, then nothing could escape a black
hole once in it's clutches. **(1)

    The name "black hole" was named such, because of the fact that light
could not escape from the gravitational pull from the core, thus making the
black hole impossible for humans to see without using technological
advancements for measuring such things like radiation.  The second part of
the word was named "hole" due to the fact that the actual hole, is where
everything is absorbed and where the centre core presides.  This core is
the main part of the black hole where the mass is concentrated and appears
purely black on all readings even through the use of radiation detection
devices.
	
    Just recently a major discovery was found with the help of a device
known as The Hubble Telescope.  This telescope has just recently found what
many astronomers believe to be a black hole, after being focused on an star
orbiting empty space.  Several picture were sent back to Earth from the
telescope showing many computer enhanced pictures of various radiation
fluctuations and other diverse types of readings that could be read from
the area in which the black hole is suspected to be in.

    Several diagrams were made showing how astronomers believe that if
somehow you were to survive through the centre of the black hole that there
would be enough gravitational force to possible warp you to another end in
the universe or possibly to another universe.  The creative ideas that can
be hypothesized from this discovery are endless.

    Although our universe is filled with much unexplained, glorious,
phenomenon, it is our duty to continue exploring them and to continue
learning, but in the process we must not take any of it for granted.

    As you have read, black holes are a major topic within our universe and
they contain so much curiosity that they could possibly hold unlimited
uses.  Black holes are a sensation that astronomers are still very puzzled
with.  It seems that as we get closer to solving their existence and
functions, we just end up with more and more questions.

    Although these questions just lead us into more and more unanswered
problems we seek and find refuge into them, dreaming that maybe one day,
one far off distant day, we will understand all the conceptions and we will
be able to use the universe to our advantage and go where only our dreams
could take us.

    References For Into The Depths of a Black Hole

**(1):  Parker, Barry.  Colliding Galaxies.  PG#96
