        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [To Kill a Mockingbird   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [First Person Letter from]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Boo Radly               ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:313   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     To whom it may concern:

     I'm stuck in my house because my parents pleaded with the law when I
was young for me to stay at home and I wouldn't be able to leave my house.
I would have rather gone to the detention school....  I was hurt more not
being able to go outside and I was addressed as Monster.  Later on I was
doing some cutting and pasting.  No one ever knew what happened just that I
stabbed my Mom in her leg.  Again my parents pleaded with the law to let me
stay at home and that I would not be able to go outside.  I have been
trapped in my house for all these years....  I was once considered a normal
kid with friends but now people are scared of me and are afraid upon
hearing my name.  I do carvings with wood and I made little figures of Jem
and Scout and put it in the tree along with other stuff.  I started to try
to begin a friendship but again it was destroyed by my father who filled
the tree hole with cement. I have been trapped all my life.  I consider the
walls to be my friends.  I saw them hour after hour. I wish you people
wouldn't be afraid.  Rumours start and that can really hurt a person if you
here something second hand and it isn't the truth.  I wish people wouldn't
be afraid and give me a chance.  I want friends just like everybody else
and freedom but that was taken away from me.  I am older now and the damage
has already been done the rumours, stories, etc..  I just wanted to write
this to anyone so they understand that I am good and not bad.  Well I will
be going now. See ya.

                    Sincerely: Arthur (Boo) Radley 
