        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [The Secrets of the      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Circle of Fire          ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:332   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    The secrets of the Circle of Fire lies somewhere deep into the Earths
formation about 4.5 - 5 billion years ago.

    The Circle of Fire is a ring of volcanic mountains that Borders the
coasts of North and South America, along with Asia and Thialand. It also
forms a semi-cirlce from the southern tip of South America to Australia.

    The Earth is about 4.5 - 5 billion Years old. Whereas man's recorded
history is only about 5000 years old.(Circle of fire page 3) The Earth is
made up of 3 different layers 1- The Crust, the Crust is the very top layer
of the earth that we live on, it consits of 7 different crustal plates. 2-
The mantle which is the middle layer, This is made of a liquid plastic type
of material called magma, This material is constantly flowing which causes
the crustal plates to shift.3- The Inner Core, this is the very center of
the Earth, Scientists aren't positive but they believe that it is solid
lava.

    About 80% of the worlds Earthquakes occur in the Circle of Fire. (The
Circle of Fire p. 13) They happen in a narrow belt of faults that run
parallel with the equator from North and South America to Asia.

    In 1950 an Expidition from Scripps Institute of Oceanography while
exploring the sea floor off the coast of California discoverd fracture
Zones.(Circle of Fire p 17) These fracture zones run parallel with the
equator from North and South America to Asia down to Thailand as well.
Often these fracture zones are not deep but they run ten to twenty miles
wide. And amazingly the run in an almost equal distance of about 400 - 500
miles long.

    The Circle of Fire is a mysterious place. Though no one knows how it
was formed , scientists believe they are close, They also believe that once
they uncover its secrets, they will be able to answer many of the unsolved
questions of the Earths Formation.
