             ___     ___      ___
         ___|:  |___|:  \ ___|:  \           DizDate: 12/95
 _______\___    \___     \___  ___\_______   WordCount: 719
 «¬¬¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |____|     ___|¬¬¬¬¬¬«
  «¬¬¬¬¬|       |   |:   |    |:  |¬¬¬¬¬«    Subject/Topic is on:
   «¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |:   |        |¬¬¬¬«     [Canada History               ]
    ----\___|:  |\__     |\__     |----      [                             ]
     úúúúúúú\___|cd!|___/'úúú|___/'úúú       [                             ]
      `,     a       c       e      ,`       [                             ]
        `, e   s   s   a   y   s  ,`         [                             ]

 Grade Level: [x]Grade School           Type of Work: [x]Essay/Report/Term
              [ ]High School                          [ ]Informational
              [ ]College                              [ ]Notes
                                                      [ ]Misc
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ
                                                MAY 1 1992
                                                                                                                                                                  CANADA                                 	Did you ever stop and wonder how much we take the place we live for granted? If you were to take the time, you would discover how diverse are Canada's history, geography, climate, economy, cultures and government. Did you know it is the largest country in the world now that U.S.S.R broke up. Specifically, Canada is 9,922,330 square km. 	                                
    Did you know that Canada used to be named "Kanata"? Yes, Kanata is an
Indian word meaning village. It was not until July 1,1867 that Kanata was
renamed Canada.  Canada was originally discovered by Jacques Cartier an
explorer from France who sailed down the St.Lawrence in 1534. Cartier we
believe was the first to set foot on Canadian soil. He marked his presence
with a flag claiming it his land. Over the years, Canada has developed into
the home of the largest free-standing structure in the world. Canada,(a
great tourist attraction)is also home of the largest water fall in the
world. Our farmland unlike a lot of others has a variety of climate. The
warmer summer climate ranges from +10 - +30 and the cooler climate ranges
from anywhere to -10 - -30. Despite the changes in temperature, Canada's
precipitation is very light.

    Our home is enclosed by the United States of south, the Pacific ocean
and Alaska on the west side, the Atlantic ocean on the east side and the
Arctic up north. One of the dominant reasons Canada is so well populated is
due to the fact of our financial status. At this present time, the economy
is not doing too well, but who's is? Canada is highly industrialised by
manufacturing Automobiles, food, liquor and tobacco. We as a Unified
country accept other cultures and religions. Canada has about every
nationality possible and together they form a great home. Despite the many
cultures, Canada's main languages are english and french. Canada is a
democracy. This means the government is elected by all t ople. It is
responsible for managing the country, forcing laws, building roads and
helping the country run smoothly.  Canada has three main levels of
government: Federal, Provincial and Municipal. The house of commons lies in
Ottawa, Ontario. While the Queen is not present, her representative, the
Governor General is in charge. He ranks higher than the Prime Minister.

    In conclusion, I hope I have raised your awareness of Canada's varied
history, geography, economy, climate, cultures and government. This is
great country that we live in.  I am truly proud to be a Canadian.

1
Extras

      	Canada in it's history to date has had five flags.

    "The First, was a white flag with three gold fleurs-de-lys. This flag
was used by Cartier in his voyage up the St. Lawrence and by Champlain in
his explorations of eastern Canada. It was under this flag that the French
lived until the fall of Quebec in 1759. The flag was used by the English
from around 1700 was the Union Flag which contained two crosses-the cross
of St. George and the cross of St. Andrew and St. Patrick was introduced.
This flag is still used in Canada for special occasions. The Red Ensign was
approved in 1945 for use by Canadians overseas and on certain occasions in
Canada. The flag was used until 1965. The Royal Canadian flag was
authorized by Royal Proclamation on February 15, 1965, following approval
by Canadian House of Commons and Senate in December 1965. The Canadian flag
is red. In its centre is a white square the width of the flag, with a
single Red Maple Leaf in the centre. The flag must always be twice as long
as it is wide so that it makes a square when folded in two. The colours
white and red were given to Canada by King George V, on November 21, 1921,
when he granted arms to Canada on the recommendation of the canadian
government. The Maple Leaf has always been an emblem of Canada. There is no
significance to the eleven points of the leaf. It is stylized or
conventional in form, as is common when things found in nature are used as
flags, banners or arms.

Note- When hoisting the flag or descending, never let it touch the ground.
This shows a lack of respect toward your country and your people.
