       ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
       пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
	  ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Bill Clinton, and how   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [the author thinks he's  ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [going to help America.  ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed:        # of Words:347  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

    In the recent election of Bill Clinton, the future of America is much
brighter.  I feel Clinton will do a much better job of solving the problems
that have the most impact on the future, such as protecting the environment
and improving race relations.  If comprehensive action on these issues is
not taken, America will slowly go down the dead-end road toward oblivion.
Clinton, however, has detailed programs that strive to do something about
these concerns, instead of the ignorant approach of the Republican
administrations.  Clinton is also more in touch with the mood of America
than the aloof, confused George Bush. Although Clinton may not solve all of
our problems, he at least is addressing them. For instance, on the subject
of the environment, Clinton has encouraged higher auto emissions standards
and more environmental technologies.  His vice-president, Al Gore, has even
written a book on protecting the earth.  While Republicans argue that
legislative action will hurt business, it seems to me that they are not
looking long-term.  Isn't protecting the freedom of future generations more
important than catering to the moneyed special interests of logging and
automobiles? Another issue Clinton will have more success in solving is
racial conflicts.  As evidenced by the Los Angeles riots, racial tensions
run high in this country.  Many African-Americans and Hispanics are
resentful of the white power structure, and are almost at the point of
doing something drastic to gain control.  The Republican administrations
have basically ignored these problems of the inner-city, hoping that they
would just be erased by prosperity.  These problems are not going to go
away, and Bill Clinton is willing to adjust current policy so it favors all
Americans, not just white, upper-class men. Overall, Clinton has much more
modern solutions to foreboding problems facing America in the future.  He
is more focused on the problems of our generation than the administrations
of George Bush or Ronald Reagan.  Whether it be protecting the environment
or improving race relations, Clinton is better prepared to implement
beneficial reforms. The next four years should be ones of great
improvement.
