        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Sailing    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Ships CLIPPER designed. ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:304   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 
     Clipper ships  were extremely fast sailing ships developed primarily
by the United States between the 1830's and 1860's. Clippers' did not have
a final definition written in stone, but did share certain characteristics
such as a sharp hull (designed for speed, not for cargo capacity) and a
heavy and lofty square rig.

     The origin of the clipper is debatable. Some believe that it was
descended from the French frigate of the late 1700's. Other's believe that
it originated from the early Baltimore clipper's. It is highly probable
that it was designed by many ship builders who combined their experience.

     The first American clippers like the Rainbow and the Sea Witch, were
built in New York for tea trades to China. A few years later, the
California Gold Rush was the major concern of such ships. One of the
fastest clipper was the Flying Cloud, which, on her maiden voyage, was the
first ship to sail from New York, around the Cape Horn, and to San
Francisco in under 90 days. By this time period, Yankee ship builders were
building clipper ships for the British, who dominated the rote to
Australia. One of these such people was Donald McKay, who built the James
Baines. Unfortunately, the James Baines ended in a fire at Liverpool.
Later, McKay would build another ship, known as Lightening for James
Baines. The Lightening would race the Red Jacket, a vessel built by George
Thomas. These two ships raced, and the Red Jacket logged 2,020 nautical
miles in six days.

     These ships were once great. Now we have larger, stronger, and faster
ships. Once great clippers are now nothing but museum exhibits. The old let
to the new. Even on the ocean, this law follows.
