        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Why the use of corporal ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [punishment is no longer ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [a valid way of          ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [disciplining children.  ]

 Dizzed:7/94    # of Words:342   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

    In the "Old Days", corporal punishment was justifiable, because the
children were expected to act like little grown ups. The children had to
walk in straight lines down the halls, use proper table manners, et cetra,
in order to avoid being beaten. Grown ups had little respect for the
children, making them do slave labor at home, and display best behavior in
school. When looking back, I can see why corporal punishment was allowed to
be used.

    The year is 1991, the students are all rebels without a cause... If
corporal punishment was used today, it would fail. Kids no longer are
expected to act like they are in church for their complete childhood. If a
child is caught talking in class, the teacher does not whip or beat them
like years ago, instead: writing the childs name on the board, or giving
them detention does the job. Strange enough, most of the children in Jr.
High and High School are larger than the teacher, and one would think that
the teacher would be injured gravely if the child was threatened with
bodily harm. Sure, I would like to see some of the little trouble makers
get hit with a stick or whip when they are naughty, but in America today,
this will never work!

    In my short composition, I believe that I have shown some evidence
suggesting that corporal punishment would not work in America during this
point in time. Lawsuits, and hospital stays come to mind immediatly. I
think that the government will agree with me when they vote whether or not
to reinstate corporal punishment.
