             ___     ___      ___
         ___|:  |___|:  \ ___|:  \           DizDate: 12/95
 _______\___    \___     \___  ___\_______   WordCount: 555
 «¬¬¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |____|     ___|¬¬¬¬¬¬«
  «¬¬¬¬¬|       |   |:   |    |:  |¬¬¬¬¬«    Subject/Topic is on:
   «¬¬¬¬|   |:  |   |:   |        |¬¬¬¬«     [Descriptive Essay of my Watch]
    ----\___|:  |\__     |\__     |----      [(A+) Paper                   ]
     úúúúúúú\___|cd!|___/'úúú|___/'úúú       [                             ]
      `,     a       c       e      ,`       [                             ]
        `, e   s   s   a   y   s  ,`         [                             ]

 Grade Level: [ ]Grade School           Type of Work: [x]Essay/Report/Term
              [x]High School                          [ ]Informational
              [ ]College                              [ ]Notes
                                                      [ ]Misc
ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>Chop Here>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ>ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

English - Descriptive Essay

    My article of clothing is with me at all times.  It consists of a 3cm
circular base and two separate straps, each 6cm long connected by a metal
clasp.  These two straps and a clasp are then connected to the top and
bottom of the base.  The straps are outlined in hard rigid silver, looking
as my uncle's smoothly brushed gray hair.  Through the center of the 2cm
wide straps is a 1cm in width gold strip.  The gold looks as bright as a
gold chalice from my local church.  The clasp is a hard silvery gray such
as that which borders the straps.  The letters 'SEIKO' are clearly placed
on the clasp in raised lettering.  The clasp looks 3cm long when in the
closed position, but when opened it extends to 11cm as two more 4cm metal
pieces open outward.

    The face of the object is encircled with a gold color, gold as the trim
on my father's Cadillac.  Inside the gold trim, the background is a black
color.  The black is like the black rubber on my car's Cooper tires.
Towards the top of this face, there is a number 12, the bottom has a number
6, and the leftmost number has a number 9.  Each of these numbers are
raised in lettering in a gold color.  On the rightmost side, there is a
1/2cm x 1/5cm sized box.  This box is then further separated in two parts.
2/3s of the box is devoted towards showing the current day's first 3
letters, now showing a THU for Thursday.  The remaining space of the box is
set aside for the date of the month.  In this box the number 14 is shown.
Both, the day and the date, are in white colors.  This white is like a
white hospital gown, starched and cleaned.  The face of the object has 56
small lines all facing from the outside of the circle towards the middle.
These gold lines are equally separated all aro the face of the object.
There are 4 places where there is no line, instead a white dot exists.
There are 8 more gold lines, very similar except 3 times longer (1/2cm)
equally spaced around the face as well, with the exception of the numbers
and the small box which are counted as well into the spacing. From the
center of the watch are 3 thin strands of golden color rods, just like a
strand of goldenrod colored growing wheat.

    This object has been with me for almost 4 years now, at my side during
formal functions and school.  Originally as a Confirmation present during
Gradeschool, this has been a constant reminder of my past accomplishments
and a reminder that God is with me wherever I go.  As others see me wear my
object, they realize I have style, yet I do not have my object wherever I
go for some people may be offended by such an expensive piece.  I do enjoy
the simplicity of it, there are no special buttons or other such things to
confuse its main purpose.  The purpose of this object, which is my watch,
is to make sure I'm on time for events and occasions.  It has done that for
4 years, and will continue to for as long as I keep it.
