        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Italy and why  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [it is such a great place]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [to visit.               ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:921   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
/ Discover Italy with R/I/T /

 A view at night, a view at day. It's spectacular anyway. From the
Grand Canal in Venice, to the Fabulous stores in downtown Milan, Res-
Nick International Tours will take you there, with 110% of our effort.
We have established a goal to fully appreciate the artistic richness
and natural beauty of different country, and then put it in the eye of
the beholder; you.
 For over 60 years R/I/T has been creating exotic and exciting tours
to Italy and thus have acquired the experience and professionalism
placing us top of the list of specialists to Italy. With our latest 21
day trip, we have organized a top notch itinerary from our past
remarks of elite attractions, and zipped it up into a magnificent 3
week tour of Italy's best sites. This semi-escorted trip takes you
through Turin, Milan, Venice, Florence, Sorrento, Capri, Pompei, and
'Romeantic' Rome. You'll see such sites like the Cathedral in Milan,
the Leaning Tower of Pisa, or even our exclusive tour of the Secret
Vatican Gardens. Or maybe you like a more
historical adventure. Don't worry. R/I/T also takes
you to the Historical Colosseum, the old-fashioned streets of Rome, or
even Renaissance Florence. But whatever your needs, R/I/T keeps
everything very flexible for you, the customer. We have chosen a
tailor made formula allowing you to plan your trip according to your
rhythm and style. This is why we do not fully guide your vacation. It
makes it cheaper on your half, and also gives you time to recheck
areas or sites that you like yourself. We leave time for you. So come
on in to one of our authorized travel agencies, and we'll give you all
the time you need to decide about your vacation. It's because
we're there for your benefit, not ours.

/ Climagraphs of Italy /

The climate of Italy is much like the one of Toronto.  They receive
around the same temperatures as Toronto, and the precipitation is also
close. It would be wise to avoid the months of June, October,
November, and December for there are high amounts of precipitation.
The optimum time to travel to most places in Italy would be in July,
where the Precipitation is minimal, and the Temperature is perfect for
swimming, and other recreational activities. (Around 67/F to 87/F).
Beside there are two climagraphs of Italy. One for Milan, and one for
Rome. The two are much alike.

/ Tourist Information /
 To get the most out of one's vacation to Italy. There are many things
the ave rage tourist must know, in order to optimize the trip to its
full value. People have learnt a few inside tips after travelling to
Italy as a noticed tourist. The first thing is, if one does not have
millions of dollars, it is wise to avoid the city of Milan. Every
thing t here is extremely expensive, and the price is doubled
discreetly for tourists.  For instance (actually anywhere in Italy for
tourists), a local may walk in an ask the clerk how much a pair of
shoes is.  Stores never put price tags on most of their merchandise,
so the clerk my say 90,000 Lira. But, when a tourist walks in, the
clerk will probably say 200,000 lira. This happens from boat rides to
a cup of coffee.
 Another thing to remember is to never sit down in Milan. What is
meant by thi s is that there is a standing area, and a sitting area in
cafes. If one chooses to sit down, the store will surely add on a 30%
gratuity charge for the seat. Yes, it is a major scam, but it is
perfectly legal.
 A few things one should know are a few statistics about Italy. The
base curre ncy is the Lira. The conversion is about 1,046.95 lira to
one Canadian dollar. The time zone there is GMT+1, which is 6 hours ah
ead of Eastern Standard Time (Toronto). The total cost for that 21 day
trip would be around $7000 in the high season, and $5500 in th e low
season. (Courtesy C.I.T tours)
 The country's main language is Italian (94%). 98% of the ethnic
groups are It alian. The other 2% are different groups. 83% of the
religions are Italian. 14% are non-religious. The other 3% are
Atheist.
 Talking about imports and exports, clothing and textiles are the most
 common.  Shoes are also very popular.  This is why most people bring
 home souvenirs of only new blouses, designer suits and shoes. The
 balance of trade is -$2,167,000,000 for more importing than export.
 This is bad for investors of the country, for it's economy is dec
 lining in the trade areas.
 There are also many transit systems in Italy. Most of them consist of
high sp eed trains, which connects almost every major city.  There are
about 4 different train companies, such as ATAF, and AS.
 A visa is not required for most travelers with valid passports
entering as to
urists for less than three months. It is required though
for longer periods, and purposes other than tourism. Health-wise,
there is dri nkable tap-water. The facilities are also very clean.
Around 25,935,000,000 tourists travel there each year. Tourist
receipts are around $1 1,984,000 per year. The telex access code is
843, and the ham radio prefix is 'I'. Overall, it is very much like
Canada, and Toronto, bu t the sights are much more extraordinary. It
is truly a place to observe for yourself...
