        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on preserving     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Dried Flowers           ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:      School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                              AGRI-TOPICS
        --------------------------------------------------------------
        National Agricultural Library             Beltsville, MD 20705
        Public Services Division
        --------------------------------------------------------------

                              DRIED FLOWERS

        As evidenced by the discovery of preserved flowers in ancient
Egyptian tombs, people have for centuries engaged in the art of preserving
flowers. Today, a large variety of annuals, biennials and perennials are
successfully preserved. Because properly dried flowers can persist for
years after harvesting, they are often referred to as everlastings or
immortelles.

        To ascertain the optimum growing conditions and harvesting time for
a particular species, one should not rely solely on books or articles.
Experienced growers will frequently be the best sources of information. In
general, flowering plants require ample sunlight, good drainage and a
growing season with a minimum of 80 days. Harvesting flowers at the
appropriate time is critical. Flowers which are without blemishes, insects
or diseases should be picked on mornings of low humidity after the dew has
evaporated from the petals.

        Several techniques can be utilized to remove moisture from the
collected flowers. The simplest method is to tie a rubber band around a
bunch of flowers after their leaves have been removed, and to hang them
upside down out of direct sunlight in a dry, well-ventilated attic, closet
or garage. Ideally, the drying area should have a temperature between
60<198> and 80<198> F and a humidity rate less than 60%. Another method is
to place the flowers in a container and to cover them with clean, fine
sand, or a mixture of borax and cornmeal, or a nonchlorophyll kitty litter.
These inexpensive substances provide the flowers with support, enabling
them to maintain their shape while they dry naturally.

        A more costly method is to use an airtight container and to cover
the flowers with silica gel, a desiccant, which not only provides support
to the flowers but also removes moisture from them. Overall, the more
rapidly flowers dry, the less likely they are to become moldy and the more
vivid their colors remain. The drying process can be further accelerated by
placing the container in a microwave oven or by applying heat. Depending on
the method chosen and the particular plant material being preserved, drying
time may take between one and four weeks.

        The uses of preserved flowers are limited only by one's
imagination. They are popular in floral arrangements, wreaths, bouquets,
potpourri and corsages.

        (NOTE:  Call numbers are given for items owned by NAL.)

                              BASIC FLOWER DRYING

        JOURNAL ARTICLES
        ----------------

        Alden, Janice.  1979.  "They are beautiful dried, too."  AFRICAN
        VIOLET MAGAZINE.  32(4, pt. 1):  16-17.  NAL Call No.:  80.AF8

        Bennett, Jennifer.  1985.  "The dried flowers of Hedgehog Hill." 
        HORTICULTURE.  63(8):  44-47, 49-51.  NAL Call No.:  80.H787

        Emerson, William J.  1979.  "Drying flowers in a microware
        oven."  THE PRAIRIE GARDEN.  36:  96-97.  NAL Call No.:  80.W73

        Loebel, JoAnn Schowalter.  1987.  "Flowers for drying: 
        everlasting perennials."  AMERICAN HORTICULTURIST.  66(10): 
        10-13.  NAL Call No.:  80.N216

        Nau, Jim.  1989.  "A flower grower's bibliography:  basic
        references."  GATHERINGS:  THE CUT FLOWER QUARTERLY.  1(1):2-3.

        O'Neil, Sunny.  1988.  "An exciting new way to dry flowers." 
        FLOWERLETTER.  5(3):  1-2.

        "Onions that produce flowers, beautiful to bizarre, fresh or
        dried."  1987.  SUNSET (CENTRAL WEST EDITION).  179(5):  233. 
        NAL Call No.:  110.SU7

        Petersons, Hedviga V.  1981.  "Drying and preserving flowers." 
        FACTSHEET.  ONTARIO MINISTRY OF AGRICULTURE AND FOOD. No.
        81-016.  NAL Call No.:  S155.A105

        Proulx, E. A.  1984.  "Dried and true."  HORTICULTURE.  62(8):
        24-28, 30.  NAL Call No.:  80.H787

        Reilly, Ann.  1984.  "Plan/plant now for your dried flowers." 
        FLOWER AND GARDEN.  28(2):  26-28.  NAL Call No.:  SB403.F5

        Russell, A. Brooke.  1987.  "How-to hints for July gardeners: 
        dried florals capture summer's glory."  AMERICAN HORTICULTURIST. 
        66(7):  8, 10-11.  NAL Call No.:  80.N216

        Sheffield, Richard R.  1980.  "Plant everlastings for year-round
        enjoyment."  ORGANIC GARDENING.  27(1):  186-188.  NAL Call No.: 
        57.8.OR32

        Swan, Joyce.  1988.  "Everlastings:  flowers that keep on
        giving."  FLOWER AND GARDEN.  32(3):  38-39.  NAL Call No.: 
        SB403.F5


        BOOKS
        -----

        COMMERCIAL FIELD PRODUCTION OF CUT AND DRIED FLOWERS:  A
        NATIONAL SYMPOSIUM.  Sponsored by The Center for Alternative
        Crops and Products, University of Minnesota and The American
        Society of Horticultural Science, December 6-8, 1988. 
        [Minneapolis, MN:  University of Minnesota?, 1988?].  NAL Call
        No.:  SB442.85.C6

        Conder, Susan.  DRIED FLOWERS:  DRYING AND ARRANGING.  Boston: 
        David R. Godine, 1988.  (ISBN 0-87923-719-8).

        Condon, Geneal.  THE COMPLETE BOOK OF FLOWER PRESERVATION. 
        Boulder, CO:  Pruett, 1982.  (ISBN 0-87108-618-2).  [Out of
        Print]

        Embertson, Jane.  PODS:  WILDFLOWERS AND WEEDS IN THEIR FINAL
        BEAUTY; GREAT LAKES REGION, NORTHEASTERN UNITED STATES AND
        ADJACENT CANADA AND AREAS WHERE FROST AND FREEZE ARE COMMON. 
        New York:  Charles Scribner's Sons, 1979.  (ISBN 0-684-155442-7). 
        NAL Call No.:  QK660.E53

        Floyd, Harriet.  PLANT IT NOW, DRY IT LATER.  New York: 
        McGraw-Hill, 1973.  (ISBN 0-07-021387-9).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB449.3.D7F5  [Out of Print]

        Foster, Maureen.  PRESERVED FLOWERS:  PRACTICAL METHODS AND
        CREATIVE USES.  London:  Pelham Books, 1973.  (ISBN
        0-72070-536-3).  NAL Call No.:  SB447.F67.  [Out of Print]

        Hillier, Malcolm.  THE BOOK OF DRIED FLOWERS:  A COMPLETE GUIDE
        TO GROWING, DRYING AND ARRANGING.  New York:  Simon & Schuster,
        1986.  (ISBN 0-671-61939-X).

        Godwin, Buck Godwin.  ALBERTA SUPERNATURALS.  Olds, Alberta: 
        Olds College Bookstore, 1987.

        Joosten, Titia.  FLOWER DRYING WITH A MICROWARE:  TECHNIQUES AND
        PROJECTS.  Asheville, NC:  Lark Books, 1988.  (ISBN
        0-937274-48-8).  NAL Call No.:  SB447.J6613 1988

        Karel, Leonard.  DRIED FLOWERS FROM ANTIQUITY TO THE PRESENT:  A
        HISTORY AND PRACTICAL GUIDE TO FLOWER DRYING.  Metuchen, NJ: 
        Scarecrow Press, 1973.  (ISBN 0-8108-0512-X).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB447.K29

        Lindgren, Linda Lee.  DECORATIONS FROM NATURE:  GROWING,
        PRESERVING & ARRANGING NATURALS.  Radnor, PA:  Chilton Book
        Company, 1986.  (ISBN 0-8019-7696-0).  NAL Call No.:  TT157.L5

        Mann, Pauline.  FLOWERS THAT LAST:  ARRANGING DRIED AND
        PRESERVED PLANTS & FLOWERS.  London:  B.T. Batsford, 1984. 
        (ISBN 0-7134-3842-8).  NAL Call No.:  SB449.3.D7M3
        Maurice, Grizelda.  A FLOWER ARRANGER'S GARDEN.  London:  B.T.
        Batsford, 1988.  (ISBN 0-7134-5373-7).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB449.M358

        Mierhof, Annette.  THE DRIED FLOWER BOOK:  GROWING, PICKING,
        DRYING, ARRANGING.  New York:  E.P. Dutton, 1981.  (ISBN
        0-525-09573-X; 0-525-47700-4; 0-525-48239-3).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB447.M5313 1981

        Ohrbach, Barbara Milo.  THE SCENTED ROOM: CHERCHEZ'S BOOK OF
        DRIED FLOWERS, FRAGRANCE, AND POTPOURRI.  New York:  Clarkson N.
        Potter, Inc., 1986.  (ISBN 0-517-56081-X).  NAL Call No.: 
        TT899.4.O47 1986

        Olson, Beverly and Judy Lazzara.  COUNTRY FLOWER DRYING.  New
        York:  Sterling Publishing, 1988.  (ISBN 0-8069-6746-3).

        Penzner, Diana with Mary Forsell.  EVERLASTING DESIGN:  MORE
        IDEAS AND TECHNIQUES FOR DRIED FLOWERS.  New York:  Facts on
        File, 1987.  (ISBN 0-8160-1415-9).

        Petelin, Carol.  THE CREATIVE GUIDE TO DRIED FLOWERS.  New York: 
        Viking, 1989.  (ISBN 0-86350-193-1).

        Rogers, Barbara Radcliffe.  THE ENCYLOPAEDIA OF EVERLASTINGS: 
        THE COMPLETE GUIDE TO GROWING, PRESERVING, AND ARRANGING DRIED
        FLOWERS.  New York:  Weidenfeld & Nicolson, 1988.  (ISBN
        1-55584-133-3).  NAL Call No.:  SB449.3.D7R63 1988

        Silber, Mark.  THE COMPLETE BOOK OF EVERLASTINGS:  GROWING,
        DRYING, AND DESIGNING WITH DRIED FLOWERS.  New York:  Knopf,
        1988.  (ISBN 0-394-54677-6).

        Thorpe, Patricia.  EVERLASTINGS:  THE COMPLETE BOOK OF DRIED
        FLOWERS.  New York:  Facts On File, Inc., 1985.  (ISBN
        0-8160-1110-9).  NAL Call No.:  SB449.3.D7T48

        Whitlock, Sarah and Martha Rankin.  DRIED FLOWERS:  HOW TO
        PREPARE THEM.  New York:  Dover Publication, 1975.  (ISBN
        0-486-21802-3).  NAL Call No.:  SB447.W45 1975

        Wiita, Betty Smith.  DRIED FLOWERS FOR ALL SEASONS.  New York: 
        Van Nostrand Reinhold, 1982.  (ISBN 0-4422-4559-9).


                      DRIED COMMERCIAL FLOWER PRODUCTION

        BOOKS
        -----

        Anderson, Gary A.  FLORAL DESIGN AND MARKETING.  Columbus, OH: 
        Ohio State University, Ohio Agricultural Education Curriculum
        Materials Service, 1988.

        Ball, Vic, editor.  BALL RED BOOK: GREENHOUSE GROWING.  14th ed. 
        Reston, VA:  Reston Publishing Co., l985.  (ISBN 0-8359-0382-6). 
        NAL Call No.:  SB405.B25 1985

        Boodley, James W.  THE COMMERCIAL GREENHOUSE HANDBOOK. New York:
        Van Nostrand Reinhold Co., l981. (ISBN 0-442-23146-6).  NAL Call
        No.:  SB415.B66

        CORNELL RECOMMENDATIONS FOR COMMERCIAL FLORICULTURE CROPS.  Part
        1: Cultural practices and production programs (9/88).  Part 2: 
        Pest control--diseases, insects, and weeds (1987 is being
        revised).  Ithaca:  New York State College of Agriculture & Life
        Sciences.

        Goodrich, Dana C., Jr.  FLORAL MARKETING.  New York: 
        Lebhar-Friedman Books, l980.  (ISBN 0-912016-92-2).  NAL Call
        No.:  SB443.G65

        Ingels, Jack E.  ORNAMENTAL HORTICULTURE:  PRINCIPLES AND
        PRACTICES.  Albany, NY:  Delmar Publishers, Inc., 1985.  (ISBN
        0-8273-1943-6).  NAL Call No.:  SB404.9.I54

        Jozwik, Francis X.  PLANTS FOR PROFIT:  A COMPLETE GUIDE TO
        GROWING AND SELLING GREENHOUSE CROPS.  Mills, NY:  Andmar Press,
        1984.  (ISBN 0-916781-00-3).  NAL Call No.:  SB415.J69

        Larson, Roy A., editor.  INTRODUCTION TO FLORICULTURE.  New
        York:  Academic Press, 1980.  (ISBN 0-12-437650-9).  NAL Call
        No.:  SB405.I55

        Laurie, Alex, D.C. Kiplinger, and Kennard S. Nelson.  COMMERCIAL
        FLOWER FORCING: THE FUNDAMENTALS AND THEIR PRACTICAL APPLICATION
        TO THE CULTURE OF GREENHOUSE CROPS. 8th ed.  New York: 
        McGraw-Hill Book Co., 1979.  (ISBN 0-07-036633-0).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB415.L3 1979

        McDaniel, Gary L.  ORNAMENTAL HORTICULTURE.  2nd ed.  Reston,
        VA:  Reston Publishing Co., 1982.  (ISBN 0-8359-5348-3).  NAL
        Call No.:  SB404.9.M33 1982

        Nau, Jim.  BALL CULTURE GUIDE.  Chicago:  Ball Seed Company,
        1989.

        Nelson, Kennard S.  FLOWER AND PLANT PRODUCTION IN THE
        GREENHOUSE.  3rd ed.  Danville, IL:  Interstate Printers &
        Publishers, 1978.  (ISBN 0-8134-1965-4).  NAL Call No.:  SB415.N4
        1978

        Nelson, Kennard S.  GREENHOUSE MANAGEMENT FOR FLOWER AND PLANT
        PRODUCTION.  2nd ed.  Danville, IL:  Interstate Printers &
        Publishers, 1980.  (ISBN 0-8134-2070-9). NAL Call No.: 
        SB415.N43 1980

        Nelson, Paul V.  GREENHOUSE OPERATION AND MANAGEMENT.  3rd ed. 
        Reston, VA:  Reston Publishing Co., 1985.  (ISBN 0-8359-2583-8). 
        NAL Call No.:  SB415.N44 1985

        Post, Kenneth.  FLORIST CROP PRODUCTION AND MARKETING.  NY: 
        Orange Judd Publishing, 1949.  NAL Call No.:  96.04.P84  [Out of
        Print]

        Reilly, Ann.  PARK'S SUCCESS WITH SEEDS.  Greenwood, SC:  George
        W. Park Seed Company, 1978.  NAL Call No.:  SB117.R46

        Salinger, John P.  COMMERCIAL FLOWER GROWING.  Wellington, New
        Zealand:  Butterworths Horticultural Books, 1985.  (ISBN
        0-409-70150-5).  NAL Call No.:  SB406.S34

        Strider, David L.  DISEASES OF FLORAL CROPS.  2 vols.  New York: 
        Praeger Publishers, 1985.  (ISBN 0-03-002929-5).  NAL Call No.: 
        SB608.07.D57

        Westcott, Cynthia.  WESTCOTT'S PLANT DISEASE HANDBOOK.  4th ed. 
        Revised by Kenneth Horst.  New York:  Van Nostrand Reinhold,
        1979.  (ISBN 0-442-23543-7).  NAL Call No.:  SB731.W46 1979

        Whitmore, Susan C. and Henry Gilbert.  "Floricultural marketing,
        1979-1988."  QUICK BIBLIOGRAPHY series no. QB89-69.  Beltsville,
        MD:  National Agricultural Library, 1988.  NAL Call No.: 
        aZ5071.N3

        Whitmore, Susan C. and Henry Gilbert.  MARKETING OF
        FLORICULTURAL PRODUCTS IN THE UNITED STATES:  AN ANNOTATED
        BIBLIOGRAPHY.  BIBLIOGRAPHIES & LITERATURE OF AGRICULTURE series
        no. 66.  Washington, D.C.: Government Printing Office, l989.  NAL
        Call No.:  aZ5076.A1U54


        JOURNALS
        --------

        BULLETIN.  PENNSYLVANIA FLOWER GROWERS.  Pennsylvania Flower
        Growers, 12 Cavalier Drive, Ambler, PA 19002.  (215) 646-7550. 
        8x/yr.  (ISSN 0031-448x).  NAL Call No.:  80.P382

        FLORAL AND NURSERY TIMES.  P.O. Box 699, 629 Green Bay,
        Wilmette, IL  60091. (312) 256-8777.  Twice monthly.

        FLORAL MARKETING DIRECTORY AND BUYER'S GUIDE.  Floral Marketing
        Division of the Produce Marketing Association, 1500 Casho Mill
        Road, P.O. Box 6036, Newark, DE  19714-6036.  (302) 738-7100. 
        Annual.  NAL Call No.:  SB404.U6F6

        FLORIST.  Florists' Transworld Delivery Association, 29200
        Northwestern Highway, P.O. Box 2227, Southfield, MI  48037. 
        (313) 355-9300.  Monthly.  (August issue:  FLORIST BUYERS'
        DIRECTORY).  (ISSN 0015-4385).  NAL Call No.:  SB403.F6

        FLORISTS' REVIEW.  Florists' Review Enterprises, Inc., Suite
        105, 2231 Wanamaker, P.O. Box 4368, Topeka, KS  66614.  (913)
        273-1734.  Monthly.  (ISSN 0015-4423).  NAL Call No.:  80.W41

        FLOWER NEWS.  Cenflo, Inc., 549 West Randolph Street, Chicago, IL 
        60606.  (312) 236-8648 or (800) 732-4581.  Weekly.  (ISSN
        0015-4490).  NAL Call No.:  SB443.3.F6

        FLOWERS &.  Teleflora Inc., Teleflora Plaza, Suite 260, 12233
        West Olympic Blvd., Los Angeles, CA  90064.  (213) 826-5253. 
        Monthly.  (July issue:  Buyers' Guide).  (ISSN 0199-4751).  NAL
        Call No.:  SB442.8.F56

        GREENHOUSE GROWER.  Meister Publishing Co., 37841 Euclid Avenue,
        Willoughby, OH  44094.  (216) 942-2000.  Monthly.  (ISSN
        0745-7324).  NAL Call No.:  SB415.G742

        GREENHOUSE MANAGER.  Branch-Smith, Inc., 120 St. Louis Avenue,
        Ft. Worth, TX  76104.  (817) 332-8236.  Monthly.  (ISSN
        0744-8988).  NAL Call No.:  SB415.G744

        GROWER TALKS.  Grower Talks, P.O. Box 532, North River Lane,
        Suite 206, Geneva, IL  60134.  (312) 208-9350.  Monthly. 
        (August issue:  FLORAL GROWER DIRECTORY).  (ISSN 0276-9433). 
        NAL Call No.:  80.G91

        MICHIGAN FLORIST.  Michigan State Florists' Association, 2420
        Science Parkway, Okemos, MI  48864.  (517) 349-5754.  Bimonthly. 
        (ISSN 0026-217X).

        NURSERY BUSINESS.  Brantwood Publications, Inc., Northwood Plaza
        Station, Clearwater, FL  34621-0360.  (813) 796-3877.  Monthly. 
        (ISSN 0029-6406).  NAL Call No.:  80.So827
        NURSERY MANAGER.  Branch-Smith Publishing, 120 St. Louis Avenue,
        Fort Worth, TX  76104.  (817) 332-8236.  Monthly.  (September
        issue:  ALL-INDUSTRY BUYERS' GUIDE).  (ISSN 0746-973X).  NAL Call
        No.:  SB1.N86

        OHIO FLORISTS' ASSOCIATION.  BULLETIN.  Ohio Florists'
        Association, 700 Ackerman Road, No. 230, Columbus, OH  43202. 
        (614) 488-1867.  Monthly.  (ISSN 0030-090X).

        SAF.  Society of American Florists, 1601 Duke Street,
        Alexandria, VA  22314.  (800) 336-4743 or (703) 8836-8700. 
        Monthly.  (ISSN 0747-1408).  NAL Call No.:  SB443.3.S4



                 ASSOCIATIONS, ORGANIZATIONS AND AGENCIES

        American Floral Marketing Council.  c/o Society of American
        Florists, 1601 Duke Street,  Alexandria, VA  22314.  (703)
        836-8700.

        Association of Specialty Cut Flower Growers.  P.O. Box 2796,
        Friday Harbor, WA  98250.  (206) 378-3760.

        Color Association of the United States.  343 Lexington Avenue,
        New York, NY  10016.  (212) 683-9531.

        Floral Marketing Division, Produce Marketing Association.  1500
        Casho Mill Road, P.O. Box 6036, Newark, DE  19714.  (302)
        738-7100.

        Florists' Transworld Delivery Association.  29200 Northwestern
        Highway, Southfield, MI  48037.  (313) 355-9300.

        Society of American Florists, 1601 Duke Street, Alexandria, VA 
        22314.  (703) 836-8700.

        U.S. Dept. of Agriculture, Foreign Agricultural Service,
        Agricultural Information and Marketing Services, Room 4649, South
        Building, 14th & Independence Avenue, S.W., Washington, D.C. 
        20250.  (202) 447-7103 or (800) FAS-AIMS.

        Wholesale Florists & Florist Suppliers of America.  5313 Lee
        Highway, Arlington, VA  22207.  (703) 241-1100.



        November 1989         Prepared by:  Carol Kopolow
                                            Librarian
                                            Reference Branch
                                            National Agricultural Library
                                            Beltsville, MD  20705 
                                                          
