		ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
	 мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
	пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
		пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
	  мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
	 млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
	млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
	ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
		  ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Death Penalty.          ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:521   School:Public - COED   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
										12/1/92                                                                                                     CAPITAL PUNISHMENT    
            Capital punishment si the lawful infliction of the death
penalty and since ancient times it has been used to punish a wide variety
of offenses. The Bible prescribes death for murder and many other crimes
such as kidnapping and witchcraft. In the 1500's in England only the major
felonies carried the death penalty. Some of these felonies are treason,
murder, larceny, burglary, rape, and arson. In the 1800's however ,
parilament had enacted many new capital offenses, and hundreds of persons
were being sentenced to death each year. In the United States prior to the
civil war the death penalty  was imposed on slaves for many crimes, but the
penalty for others were less severe.Although people argue that the death
penalty is needlessly cruel, it should be used in every state, because
paroled murders get out of jail too fast and the only punishment equal to
murder is the death penalty.

            Capital punishment is always going to be questioned by the
states. The United States doesn't like the death penalty because they say
its not a valid purpose of punishment. The states say a punishment that
conflicts harm can hardly be good for us. The states don't want to kill a
man who is already imprisoned. They say he's already being punished.

            However the states don't keep all murders in jail forever. Some
of these criminals will get out and will probably start all over again. Its
not that they have to kill, but they have a problem. Problem or no problem
the states just can't let a killer get away with it. These criminals are
taking an innocent persons life and they get to live. They also get a place
to live, free food and don't have to pay for nothing. They get to kick back
while another family suffers for it. If the don't care about killing
somebody they won't mind if you execute them or else they wounldn't have
done it. Rarly do you see a person kill another person and he doesn't mean
it.

            Secondly there is no punishment that you can give a murderer.
There is nothing painful enough you can do to a person who has killed a
loved one. These criminals don't deserve a punishent. Punishment is for
people who are doing smaller crimes. A murderer will kill again because he
has no feelings for nobody and doesn't care what happens. Some murderers
will ask for death role but rarly does it happen. If the states have any
feelings for their citizens they should let them vote on it. The citizens
pay taxes and they want a death penalty not a punishment for murderers.

            The United States needs to make a change for its self and start
doing whats right for its counrty. Even thought two wrongs never make a
right , if its the best thing you can do you have to do it. The death
penalty will give people a clear warning before they plan murdering
somebody. The death penalty will do more good then harm ,and will make the
United States a better and safer place to live.
