        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Editorial Speech on the ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Death Penalty.          ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:576   School:Public Co-Ed    State:Ny
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     You are running down the street with your best friend not too far
behind.  You manage to round the corner, but you hear your friend trip.
Suddenly a shot rings out.  Your friend screams. You continue to run, but
look back and see the man who was following you pull out a large knife.
Shocked in terror you can only blankly stare as the man proceed to cut your
friend to pieces.  The blade falls once.  There is an explosion of red.
The blade falls twice. Entrails spill onto the floor.  The blade falls
three times, four times, five, six.  He then reaches down and dips is hand
into the blaring pool of crimson that soaks the ground.  Lifting his hand
he begins to write on the wall in front of him with the freshly spilled
blood of your now dead friend.

     Would a situation like this horrify you? Well you should know that
seven murders just like this occurred in two nights.  The man responsible
is Charles Manson.

     Manson is the leader of a large cult following, and even after being
arrested for his truly horrific deeds still influences the cult today.  In
1975 one of Manson's followers, Lynette "Squeaky" Fromme, made an
assassination attempt on then president Gerald Ford, in Manson's name.
Even now if you go to New York City you can find shirts with his picture on
them, glorifying him.  Songs have been written praising him.

     But together these have not yet touched the scariest thing about
Charles Manson.  The thing that you should be most frightened of is that
Charles Manson, and many like him are alive, with chance of parole.  Yes
this murderous madman could yet again run rampant in the world. It is for
this reason that the death penalty is necessary.

     Capital punishment is the system by which the people who have
committed the most heinous crimes are executed either by electric chair,
gas chamber, or lethal injection.

     Despite the evil and malice presented by such people there are some
who would deem this practice inhumane.  It seems strange to me that the
welfare of the community should not come before that of a convicted
murderer.  If there is any chance that this person could possibly commit
this crime again it should be impossible to come to a decision ,such as
putting them in jail with chance of parole, that could conceivable place
the lives of law abiding citizens in danger.  Furthermore do they truly
expect us to believe that placing them in cells like caged animals is truly
humane.

     Opponents of the death penalty also point out that the threat of
capital punishment will not decrease the murder rate.  They are failing to
realize an important role filled by capital punishment.  Very few corpses
are murderers. Anyway, with the ease the current capital punishment system
can be avoided how can anyone truly say that the threat of the death
penalty never enters into the mind of a murderer?  Maybe they just realize
that they can appeal so many times that they probably will die of natural
causes before being executed.

     Obviously a reformed system of capital punishment which allow for
fewer appeals would be beneficial to our orderly, organized society. It
would serve an exceedingly beneficial purpose, to put murderers in their
graves and keep innocent, would be victims, out.
