        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [?]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Predictions on the end  ]
 [?]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of the world as told in ]
 [?]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [the New Testamet.       ]
 [?]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:350    School: ?              State: NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Well to start off I would like to say what the three different views
that there are.  The first view is "Already Fulfilled" is basically saying
that all of the signs of the end have all happened before the years 70
A.D..  The second view is "Partially Fulfilled" which says that some of
these events already happened in 70 A.D. and some of them will still happen
in the future.  The last belief is the "Not Yet Fulfilled" view, which says
that all of these things will happen in the end of times.  The belief that
I believe in is the "Not Yet Fulfilled" view.

     Here are some reasons in which I hold this view.  As it is stated in
Matthew 24:34, it says that "...all these things will not happen until this
generation passes away...".  I feel that this passage had to have been
talking about the people of that time. That is one base on which I hold
this belief, because that, possibly, some of the "end of times events" have
happened, but NOT ALL.  If they would have all occurred at that time I
would probably hold a different view.  I really don't ever recall reading
in the Bible about any natural disasters, other than the Flood.  That is
one point that really sticks out to me that really makes me believe this
view, especially in the increase lately in all of the natural disasters
happening.

     When Jesus comes down in the second coming, I feel that all nations
will mourn, just like others have done when they learn of their wrongs.  It
is then in which all Christians will go up Heaven and begin to reign up
there, at which at the same time down on Earth will be the great war,
Armageddon.  I do not know if this will be the time in which the Sun, Moon,
and Stars will all fall and turn to darkness.

     Well, we really will not know what the true belief is until the end of
the world.  There has been many intense discussions between scholars, but
if they are Christians they will find out in the end, in which it really
does not matter what view is correct.
