        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Mechanical     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Energy                  ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:497   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Have you ever wondered how a jet aircraft lifts its tremendous weight
off the ground, or what gives a runner the stamina to reach the finish line
in a race?  In order to answer all these questions we must talk about the
transformation of one sort of energy into another.

    The jet aircraft gets its power from jet turbines.  These powerful jet
engines create a highЉpressure stream of very hot gases that push the
aircraft forward as they leave the engine.  This is an example of heat
being transformed into movement.  This is sometimes described as Mechanical
Energy.  However, this transformation could not take place without the fuel
that the aircraft gets within its wings or fuselage.  Fuel is considered a
chemical energy.

    Fuel can take the form of gases, solids or liquids.  When fuels combine
with oxygen from the air, they release their stored energy as heat.  We
recognize this process as burning. The individual relies on food for fuel
which contains energyЉgiving substances that our bodies can store until we
need this energy to use our muscles.  When we do use our muscles within us,
we may not always be sure that heat is given off.  Our bodies do not burst
into flames but the perspiration on our skin is a clue to what is
happening.

    The movement of the windsurfer has a different explanation.  The
windsurfer is propelled along by a sail which collects mechanical energy
from the winds that sweep along the water.  This energy has been produced
by the sun which warms the earth's surface and sets the air above in
motion.  The sun's heat comes to the earth as a form of radiant energy.
When the heat reaches the surface of the earth, it causes the land or seas
to rise in temperature.

    The sun is very hot.  Infact, the center of the sun can reach
temperatures of up to 27 million degrees Fahrenheit.  This is because of
another kind of energy reaction where new substances are continually being
created as others are being destroyed.  This reaction is known to us as the
Nuclear Reaction.  Today we are trying to imitate this reaction in
improving our energy supply.  Scientists have calculated that the sun has
enough fuel to go on producing energy at its present rate for about five
billion years.

    On earth man-made nuclear reactions are used to produce a form of power
we know as electricity.  Electricity can be transformed into other kinds of
energy such as heat, light and radio waves.  Humans have also used the idea
of nuclear reactions as a type of weapon.  We call this powerful weapon the
Atomic Bomb.  Electrical energy can also be used to produce laser beams.
This involves energy being concentrated to a specific narrow point where
the impact of so much power creates heat able to cut through metals.


Bibliography

Discovering Energy, Frazer, Frank  Trewin Copplestone Books Ltd, 1981.

Encyclopedia Britannica, Vol. 6  Encyclopedia Britannica, 1979.
