        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Earthquakes near the    ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [San Fransisco Fault     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:411   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                                    Earthquake San Francisco- 1906

     On the morning 12 past 5:00 San Francisco  suffered a major earthquake
that killed 3000 people, the earthquake lasted for about 40 seconds and was
recorded at 8.3 on the Richter Scale.

     People ran from there houses and some stayed inside the buildings and
were crushed.  The people who ran in the streets were killed by toppled
buildings falling from above.  There fire department was efficient but the
water pipes that go down the San Andreas Fault were severed.  The fire
could not be stopped because there were now water until the next couple of
days.  Gas mains blew and caused massive fires all around the city.  The
city was in the middle of a great economic boom and almost all was lost on
that day.  The old buildings were never made to withstand earthquakes and
easily crumbled and fell crushed people.  Some sailers on the coast tried
to leave but the waves flew the boats around like toys. The buildings were
made out of unreined forced brick or wood which couldn't withstand a
earthquake of that magnitude.

     After the earthquake, they noticed that the San Andreas Fault shifted
a 250-mile long section witch tore roads and fences. Rivers, roads and
power lines were severed and not aligned with its surroundings.  A road
across the fault ended up 21 feet north of the road to the east same with
the rivers and creeks.

     The earthquake's most damage were in Los Bonas 30km east of the fault
yet there was little damage along towns to the east side of San Francisco
Bay such as Berkely, 25km east of the fault.  And the capital of California
Sacramento that was 120km east of the rupture showed no damage.

     Scientists found out that the earthquake originated north of Oregon
and south to Los Angeles a total of 1170 Km.

     Knowing now that buildings could not withstand a earthquake with
unreiforced brick, the new San Francisco would have buildings that can
handle major earthquakes by constructing them so that they sway back and
fourth rather than just simply crumbling to the ground killing people.

     The San Andreas fault is formed by the Pacific plate sliding north and
the North American plate running South.  The two slide together caused the
earthquake.

     The most recent earthquake in that area today, was in 1990 in San
Francisco which measured around 8.3 on the richter scale but it wasn't a
bad as the one in 1906.
