        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [History of Extra Sens-  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [ory Perception          ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:1388  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ


Table Of Contents

Chapter                                                 Page

History of ESP...........................................3
What is ESP?.............................................5
Test for Telepathy.......................................7
Test for Clairvoyance....................................10
Bibliogrophy.............................................12



Chapter I
The History Of ESP
==================

History of ESP

  As most people see it, the brain is a machine whose outputs depends
essentually on input fed in through the senses.  Yet history is rich in
stories of individuals whose minds seemed capable of more:  people claiming
knowledge that their brains could not have gained through any senses known
to science. The first work on ESP was done by the Society for Physical
Research in London founded a century ago.  Scientists have run thousands of
experiments to learn if minds indeed have supernatural powers.  Most tests
investigated one of the three main "faculties":  telepathy, clairvoyance
and precognition, collectively called extrasensory perseption (ESP) by
American psycologist J.B.  Rhine. Dating from the early 1930s, Rhine's
tests at Duke University at Durham, North Carolina, remain the most quoted
examples of an expirimental blitzkreig on problems of parapsychology.
Three years of Rhine's telepathy and clairvoyance testing averaged 7
successes out of every 25 people tested, 2 better than chance would have
produced, an overall result millions to one against the odd.



Chapter ][
What is ESP?
============

What is ESP?

  Extrasensory Perseption or ESP is the abillity acquire information
without using any senses.  In the dictionary, ESP is defined as:
extra(eks'ra) n.  1. Something in addition to what is usual./ sensory
(sen'so ri) adj.  Pertaining to se nsation or to any one of five senses,
as, sensory experience; carrying nerve impulses from the sense organs to
the brain or other nerve center./ perception (per sep'shun) n.  1.Awareness
consciosness.  2.Knowledge obtained through sense s.  If you put these
defenitions together, it clearly spells ESP. There are three main groups of
ESP.  ESP aslo has a sister called PK or psychokinetics.  The three main
groups of ESP are telepathy, clairvoyance, and precognition.  Telepathy is
the tranference of thoughts without communication as we know it (hand
signals, facial expressions, talking, etc.) Some tests of ESP are by the
sender draws a complex picture and the receiver tries to reproduce it.
Clairvoyance is the perception of objects and events by paranormal means.
Rhine, as disscussed in the earlier chapter, tests of clairvoyance and
telepathy resulted in an average of 7 successes out of every 25,2 better
than chance produced, an overall result millions to one agai nst the odds.
Precognition is the knowledge of something before it happens.  Now lets
talk about phschokenetics or PK.  PK includes poltergeist and the moving of
things through the mind(not limbs or body) If you have seen poltergeist,
you p retty much know what poltergeist is, poltergeist means mischevous
spirits, yet, that is not what it is really all about.  Scientists feel
that poltergeist insidences are triggered by the brain of a person, usually
a psychologically disturbed female around the age of puberty.  Objects
"claimed" to have been moved by poltergeist are cubbards way to heavy for a
child to budge.  In 1958 at a Long Island house a group of skeptical
paraphsychologists had no explanation for bottles they saw sliding off the
table.


Chapter ]I[
Test For Telepathy
==================

Test For Telepathy

  There are many ways to test your telepathy.  In the next paragraph, I
will be explaining how to test your telepathy.  First of all, choose a cool
quiet room, where you can relax and not be disturbed.  This room will be
established as your " ESP Lab".  Sit on a comforable chair, or lay down on
a bed, and place a small table or desk beside you.  Place a large curtain
in the middle of the table so your partner does not see you.  This should
be done, because lip movements, whispering , or any other movements could
give away answers.  If this is not feasable, you may choose to be in
seperate rooms.  Now do anything else that might make you more comfortable.
Do not talk to your partner while testing and do not let him or her talk to
you.  Also, do not break your concentration.  The most important thing to
do is to be comfortable.  There is an easy exersise that will help you to
relax.  First of all, close your eyes and let your mind wander as if you
were going to sleep.  Now tense every muscle in your body.  Hold this fo r
ten seconds, then let yourself go limp.  Feel the muscles in your shoulders
and neck relaxing, then your arms, your stomach and legs, down to your
toes.  When you are comepletely relaxed, inhale deeply. Then hold your
breath and exhale sl owly.  Repeat this breathing exersise for about a
minute.  Do not try to rush, and go step by step.  Below are ESP symbols
wich are used in professional labratories worldwide.

                                              ____________
                                             |           |
                                             |           |
                                             |           |
                                             |           |
                                             |___________|
                           \  \  \
                            )  )  )
                           /  /  /
                          (  (  (
         ||                \  \  \
         ||                 )  )  )
   ______||______          /  /  /
   """"""||""""""
         ||
         ||

  The only equipment you will need is a pack of ESP cards containing five
duplications of the shapes shown above on index cards.  Make sure the ink
does not go through.  You should end up with twenty-five cards.

  There are three different tests.

  TEST NUMBER 1

  Shuffle your dech of ESP cards.  When you are ready, signal to your
partner and have him or her pick up the top card and concentrate on the
symbol.  Take your time before making your Test your Telepathy guess.  The
time should vary from one answer to another.  Take your time and do not
make your answer untill you "feel right." As you try to preceive the image
in your partner's mind, stay relaxed.  Do not try too hard.  When the
answer comes to you, it will be vaige and hazy.  If you strain it might
drive the answer away.  After a while, you will get the hang of it.  When
you are ready, call out your answer.  Your partner should mark down your
answer and the correct symbol on an ESP score sheet, one is located in the
back of the book for an example.When the call is made, your partner should
put the card to the side, face down.  Do not get your emotions get to you,
this could break your concentration.  Each time you go through the deck it
is called a run.  You can probably complete five runs within thirty
minutes.  STOP THE MOMENT YOU FEEL BORED OR TIRED.  To know how strong your
ESP look at the table below:

_________________________________________________________________

   Hits                Odds                 Evaluation
_________________________________________________________________

    0-3               20 to 1          Strong Negative ESP
     5                  Even           Chance
     6                  10-1           Indecisive
     7                  30-1           Good
     8                 125-1           Excellent
     9                 400-1           Very Strong
_________________________________________________________________


  Keep a permanent record of all your score sheets.  In this way, you may
compare the sheets to see how rapidly youe ESP is increasing.  Once you
have found out wich area of ESP is your strongest, you should retest that
area every once a nd a while.

  TEST NUMBER 2

  This experiment is called a Direct Image Tranference Test.  An American
novelist, Upton Sinclair, used this test to test hids wife, Mary of her
phsycic abillities.  Mary would go in a seperate room and sit down and
concentrate. Upton would then open a dictionary at random and go to a page
untill he found a word wich wouldbe drawn simply and clearly.  Many times,
Mary reproduced the drawings without seeing them.  Sometimes these drawings
were handed to her in a brown paper e nvelope.  Only by holding the
envelope, she reproduced the drawings with amazing accuracy.  Do the same
thing, grade the pictures on a scale of 1 to 10, with ten being very
accurate and 1, no resemblence.


Chapter IV
Test for Clairvoyance
=====================

Test for Clairvoyance

  First of all, shuffle the ESP cards and put the deck face down in front
of you.  Relax.  When you are ready put the top card face down on a table,
do not look at it.  Try to imagine the card.  This is much like testing for
telepathy, only that no human knows the card symbol.Mark your answers on a
score sheet. Go through the deck five times.  After 5 runs, count your
hits, and look at the table below.


-----------------------------------------------------------------
                       Clairvoyance Table
-----------------------------------------------------------------
  Hits            Odds                      Evaluation
-----------------------------------------------------------------
  0-16           20 to 1                 Strong negatjve ESP
   25             Even                   Chance
   29             10-1                   Indecisive
   34             20-1                   Very Good
   36            100-1                   Excellent
   38            400-1                   Very Strong
-----------------------------------------------------------------



Bibliogrophy
============

Akins, W.R., ESP. New York: Franklin Watts, 1980.
"Encyclopaedea Briticanna",XIII,New York, 1976.


