        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Book "Farewell ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [To Arms"                ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:682   School:Prep/Boys       State:CT
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     The book A Farewell to Arms, written by Ernest Hemingway, is a classic
about the love story of a nurse and a war ridden soldier. The story starts
as Frederick Henry is serving in the Italian Army. He meets his future love
in the hospital that he gets put in for various reasons.  I thought that A
Farewell to Arms was a good book because of the symbolism, the exciting
plot, and the constant moving of the main character.

     The symbolism in A Farewell to Arms is very much apparent. Ernest
Hemingway has always been one who is big on the symbolism of night as being
bad.  To the main character in Hemingway's novels, nights have always been
a sign of death, or something negative to happen.  Another one of the
symbolisms in A Farewell to Arms is when Henry tries to escape from the
Italian army by jumping off one of the ships the army was traveling on and
running away from the army.  This symbolism was the water that he jumped
into was a symbolism of the new, clean life that he was going to live from
now on.  At this time, Henry goes off and finds his wife to be.

     The plot in A Farewell to Arms was always active.  They were never
staying in one place too long.  It had a very good story line, which was a
love story that ended up in a tragedy.  The main character's wife got
pregnant and she was off to have her baby when problems started occurring.
They had to have a caesarean, and the baby dies, and when the mother of the
child starts to hemorrhage Henry knows that it was over for his wife and he
was right.

     From the beginning of the book until the end, the action was up.  Ever
since the front page Henry was traveling around to different towns so it
was not boring for the reader.  That made it very interesting for the
reader because it was always a new town coming up so they were being
introduced in the new characters quite often.  As the story goes on, the
reader is not introducing as many new people, but they are still traveling
around quite a bit. Hemingway has a way with arranging the plots of all his
stories. They all have that right timing to them.  He always introduces
only people that will affect the story, he does not introduce someone who
will be in the scene for five minutes and then leave.  I felt that the
author's planning on putting this novel together was very good.

     Ernest Hemingway has always been one of the world's best known classic
writers.  His style and technique of symbolism is much different than
others.  He uses then in very strong ways that you the reader does not
always pick up.  I am sure that I missed some of the symbolism that went on
in the book.  I picked up a few though and they were very interesting.  I
recommend this to anyone who is interested in a love story that does not
get too intimate.
               
