        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on What the World ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [is Coming to with the   ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Crime in America        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:323   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                      What is Our World Coming To???

     Four rapes, seven-teen robberies, forty-five aggravated assaults, 163
burglaries, 434 larceny-thefts, eighty-eight auto thefts, and four arsons
all in one Arizona day.  All of this happens in a period of twenty-four
hours.

     According to the DPS (Department of Public Safety) reports crime is
down 3.8% in 1991.  That sounds great but then you hear that rapes have
increased 6.5% , in 1991, you don't think that we are improving so much.

     This report was compiled from ninety-three different Arizona police
agencies.  Of all the crime rape showed the largest increase.  Last year in
Arizona, there were 1,568 reported rapes compared to 1,472 in 1990.  There
was 289 slayings last year, in Maricopa county, while there were only 277
the year before that. An increase of 3.6%.  Phoenix alone had 151 of those
slayings last year.

     Lots of the public and media blame the Nigros for a good percentage of
these deaths, but when you look at it the majority of them are Anglos.
One-hundred and forty-one of those people slayed last year where Anglos.
Generally most of the murders were committed by Anglos themselves.
African-Americans had only 28 deaths.

     The biggest decrease was in the arson and larceny-thefts.  The
larceny-thefts decreased 7.4% in the past year.  Those are such cases as
purse-snatching, shop lifting, and thefts from vehicles.

     Of the 254,342 people arrested last year, 54,767 of them were
juveniles.  That is over 20%!

     A total of 251,523 property crimes were reported last year. And of
these property crimes, they consisted of 91% of all crime in Arizona.  The
value of all this property stolen was more than $297 million.  Forty
percent of all these stolen items were recovered.

     The Department of Public Safety figured out that the crime rate for
the state of Arizona was 7,345.8 crimes per 100,000 people.  As a whole the

state has gotten better in the past year concerning all these issues.
