        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on abortion       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [including Pro-choice    ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [arguements.             ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:330   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Freedom Of Choice                                                                                             Since
    Since 1973 abortion has been an important controversial issue to the
United States. The problem begins should it be a womans choice whether or
not to terminate her pregnancyor should it be the goverments choice. This
is where a woman looses her rights as a person. If abortion is not remained
legal woman will start performing them illegaly. One third to one half of
all pregnacies in the United States end in abortion,2,500 of these
abortions will be performed illegally. Although some oppose abortion for
being used as a form of birth control,Abortion should remain legal because
it is a womans choice and protects the privacy of an individual.

    Some teenagers and woman abuse abortion as a form of birth control.
Many woman have used legal abortions as a drastic form of contraception,
due to carelessness or ignorance of better methods. Abortion should remain
legalized for the fact that if it's not kept legal many women perform
illegal abortions. This is such as self abortion methods wich are even more
dangerous; these included are lye, lysol, iodine douches, as well as self
inserted catheters, knitting needles and goose quills. When women lose
their right to choose abortion they may start performing them illegally.
This may do serious harm to the mother and her body.
 
    Aborton is a woman's choice. Woman accepted the definition that a
womans prime role was as wife and mother and control of ones own body. Once
they had choices about life roles, they came to feel they had the right to
choose abortion to run their own lifes. Any woman should have the ability
to choose when to have a child in their marital and sexual freedom. Many
woman feel if they didnt have the right to choose an abortion in there life
they would have passed by many opportunities to create a better life for
themselves. For men, or state or the physicians who hold control over
whether pregnancy should take place and the woman to suffer alone the
consequences that the decision would be best for their careeres, education,
or social status came to see wrong and cruelly oppressive.
