        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the French     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Revolution              ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:465   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                    Modern European Essay #6


     The statement citing the essential cause of the French Revolution as
the "collision between a powerful, rising bourgeoisie and an entrenched
aristocracy defending it's privileges" has great pertinence in summarizing
the conflict of 1789.  The causes of the French Revolution, being provoked
by this collision of powers, was the Financial debt of the government and
the long-standing political differences in the government.

     Over the course of twenty-five years after the Seven Years' War, the
government of France--the Bourgeoisie royalty, could not manage it's
finances on a sound basis.  This was worsened when France aided the
American Revolution against Great Britain.  The Government had reached
great financial debt.  The problem lied and continued because of the
government's inability to tap the wealth of the French nation by taxation.
There was a great paradox in France being a rich nation with a government
in poverty.  The deteriorating finances of the government is what triggered
the prolonged differences between the Bourgeoisie and the aristocracy.

     The political differences between the monarchy and the nobles came
about after the Seven Years' war also.  The increasing debt of the
government escalated the hope for the monarchy to resume a "absolute power"
status as it did with Louis XIV.  However this could not be accomplished
because of the doubt that the public had towards the present kings Louis XV
and Louis XVI, and the public could not be swayed to help.  The only result
of the attempts for absolutism by the monarchy were a series of new and
increase taxes on the nobles.  The aristocracy immediately reacted to these
taxes as declaring them unfair and would not accept them.  Louis XV began
with a series of Financial advisors chancellors which all had the intention
of saving the monarchy from financial ruin.  They made many attempts at
taxation, such as a land tax, but each of these were defeated by the nobles
-- the Parlements were even destroyed for a brief time, but were later
restored by Louis XVI in attempt to gain public support.  The government
continued to become poorer and poorer and it seemed the only successful
taxation was done towards the peasants, whom had the least money.  The
monarchy eventually fell and caused great unrest leading to the French
Revolution.

     The French Revolution was caused by the escalating rivalry between the
monarchy and the aristocracy.  The conflict would make an impact on all of
Europe to come and even world history.  All this turmoil was caused by a
bunch of greedy Nobles and kings which wanted power and money.  It seems
this problem repeats history, even today -- because big money-makers, like
Texas Oil Ranchers, wouldn't pay to fix pollution problems early on it
eventually lead and is still leading to great conflict for the future.
