        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on how Evil is the]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [underlying element in   ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [life.                   ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:961   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

    "Evil is the underlying element in the life of a living creature." This
quotation, by Ray V. Sjorvek, expresses the idea that all living creatures
contain a certain degree of evil inside themselves. In literature,
protagonists usually express their sinister sides through words or actions
when trying to prove the point that one's hidden emotions cannot be
concealed. Authors generally write about evil causing the downfall of
society. In many cases, authors speak of hatred persuading people to aid in
the corrosion of civilization. Christine Sparks' famous novel, The Elephant
Man, William Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet", and Mildred Taylor's
novel, Let the Circle Be Unbroken, all convey the idea that hatred, which
develops out of the evil within man's heart, can only lead to destruction.

    In Christine Sparks' novel, The Elephant Man, many of the characters
express hatred towards a character referred to as the Elephant Man. One of
the first characters introduced in the play is Mr. Bytes, the keeper of
John Merrick (the "Elephant Man"). Bytes continually beats Merrick like he
would an animal and he uses Merrick to gain money by performing at "freak
shows". Because of his appearance, society views Merrick as an outcast.
Furthermore, Bytes expresses his frustration towards Merrick by beating up
the "Elephant Man". Another character in the novel named Dr. Treves is a
kind, compassionate man. However, when he first meets Merrick, he chooses
not to associate with John because of his outward appearance and apparent
lack of intelligence. Lastly, we meet Jim Renshaw who is a cold, heartless
janitor working at the hospital where Merrick resides. Renshaw, like Bytes,
abuses Merrick and wants to use him to gain money. All these characters
display the idea that undeserved retribution towards someone who is
abnormal develops from pre-existing hatred of someone different than the
others in society.

    In William Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet", hatred leads to the
death of several people. A long-lasting feud between two families, the
Montagues and the Capulets, results in the death of many of the major
characters in the play. Tybalt, one of the first characters in the play to
be killed, loses a duel to Romeo after he murders Mercutio, Romeo's friend
and a relative of Prince Escalus. Thus, the prince exiles Romeo from
Verona. However, this is not the end of the killings because Juliet's fake
suicide ultimately leads to the death of Paris, Juliet's to-be husband, and
the suicide of Romeo. Seeing Romeo dead, Juliet stabs herself with a
dagger. The root of these deaths was the feud between the two families.
This feud inspired Romeo's hatred for Tybalt and Tybalt's hatred for
Mercutio and the Montagues. Therefore, we can conclude that the pernicious
and destructive actions of the characters were caused by their inability to
control their hatred for one another.

    In Mildred Taylor's novel, Let the Circle Be Unbroken, hatred leads to
prejudice towards colored people. Prejudice towards blacks and other
minorities was nothing odd during the 1930's. The protagonist of the story,
Cassie, first experiences an example of racial tension when she notices a
drinking fountain and cannot drink from it because it is "White Only".
Another example of prejudice occurs when Suzella, who looks white but is
actually half white and half black, gets attention from many white boys.
However, when the boys find out that Suzella is partially black, they stay
away from her. Lastly, society's hatred towards blacks displays itself when
a young boy named T.J. Avery is falsely accused of robbing a store. T.J.'s
imminent conviction shows us that the judicial system, the one thing that
should defend people's rights can be warped according to the way society
wants it to be it to be. Therefore, we can conclude that prejudice is yet
another manifestation of hatred.

    In William Shakespeare's play, "Romeo and Juliet", hatred leads to the
death of several people. A long-lasting feud between two families, the
Montagues and the Capulets, results in the death of many of the major
characters in the play. Tybalt, one of the first characters in the play to
be killed, loses a duel to Romeo after he murders Mercutio, Romeo's friend
and a relative of Prince Escalus. Thus, the prince exiles Romeo from
Verona. However, this is not the end of the killings because Juliet's fake
suicide ultimately leads to the death of Paris, Juliet's to-be husband, and
the suicide of Romeo. Seeing Romeo dead, Juliet stabs herself with a
dagger. The root of these deaths was the feud between the two families.
This feud inspired Romeo's hatred for Tybalt and Tybalt's hatred for
Mercutio and the Montagues. Therefore, we can conclude that the pernicious
and destructive actions of the characters were caused by their inability to
control their hatred for one another.

    In Mildred Taylor's novel, Let the Circle Be Unbroken, hatred leads to
prejudice towards colored people. Prejudice towards blacks and other
minorities was nothing odd during the 1930's. The protagonist of the story,
Cassie, first experiences an example of racial tension when she notices a
drinking fountain and cannot drink from it because it is "White Only".
Another example of prejudice occurs when Suzella, who looks white but is
actually half white and half black, gets attention from many white boys.
However, when the boys find out that Suzella is partially black, they stay
away from her. Lastly, society's hatred towards blacks displays itself when
a young boy named T.J. Avery is falsely accused of robbing a store. T.J.'s
imminent conviction shows us that the judicial system, the one thing that
should defend people's rights can be warped according to the way society
wants it to be it to be. Therefore, we can conclude that prejudice is yet
another manifestation of hatred.
