        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the possible   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [future of man.          ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:506   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
         
     The future of mankind is not carved in stone, so to speak...  The
future is as yet undefined, but I can give you a general idea of what will
happen.  First I will explain the basic premises of sentient evolution. A.
STAGES OF DEVELOPMENT

1. Gatherer
     This stage is the first in any sentient species...  and is simply the
people gathering their food and other materials...  and then someone
discovers that throwing a rock at a small animal will often kill it, and
hunting is born.

2. Hunter
     Stage 2 is a little more organized... now the people are hunting for
their food and clothing.  The basic tools of this stage are the two most
easily obtainable objects: rocks and sticks.  As the people become more
intelligent, they invent such things as the bow and arrow, spears, etc.
Coincidentally, this is also the stage in which the minor concept known as
'war' first began... well it isn't minor...  One day someone gets tired of
running after his lunch, and decides to have some fruit, drops the seeds on
the ground, comes back next year, and look and behold, a small fruit tree
has appeared.  He then tries it with other seeds, and gets similar results.
Agriculture is born.

3. Agriculture
     Now, people are really getting smart and organized.  They live in
towns and cities.  The overall quality of life increases and the time frame
is growing shorter, history-wise.  New forms of technology are developed to
aid in crop yield, and this sparks the next stage... Industry.

4. Industrial
     Welcome to the industrial revolution! The general quality of life is
more or less acceptable.  The cities are larger, days are shorter, and the
streets are filthier.  As people become more educated, the level of
technology increases exponentially, and now there is a new presence on the
block... Curiousity.  This curiousity is what makes the next stage so
involved.  When people are driven to exploration, they discover better
technology. Thusly, we enter the Technological stage.

5. Technological
   This stage has 3 levels:
A. Level 1, Exploration and utilization of an entire planet's
   resources.
B. Level 2, is the exploration and utilization of a solar system's
   resources.  C. Level 3, the exploration and utilization of a
   galaxy's resources.

6. Divinical
     Well, after we conquer the galaxy, so to speak, we have the rest of
the universe to explore. As this is the final stage of all evolution, there
are few, if any, limits to potential, in the sense that when we acheive
this, we'll be able to do virtually anything. This stage can also be called
Godhood.

                     B. EXPLANATION OF GODHOOD

1. Speculation
     What we know as "God" could be simply a race of beings that completed
their evolutionary process, and 'seeded' and/or terraformed suitable worlds
with life, as an experiment...it appears to have been partially successful
in our case, if in fact that is what really occurred.  We will never know,
but our descendants might.

      Is that our Destiny?
         It is a bright future indeed.
            "I gotta wear shades..."

     If any, limits to potential, in the sense that when we acheive this,
we'll be able to do virtually anthing.
