        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [What skills Geneticists ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Require.                ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:308   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 
     Geneticists need many skills. One of the most important is to be able
to ask questions. Another is to correctly organize data. In the way of
training, one should major in biology, genetics, and many other
biosciences. A bachelor degree can get a job, but I myself would advise
getting the highest amount of bioscience education possible.

     Jobs can be acquired by asking your professors, but, they may not be
aware of any need for geneticists. Many times, reading advertisements may
of some good. You may even make an appointment with biology and genetic
firms yourself. Sometimes clinics or hospitals may even need a genetic
specialist. I, myself, could also see a geneticist opening up his own
clinic, such as radiologists do. In this way they could be able to make
more money considering the amount of highly specialized geneticists with a
Doctor of Medicine.  The current payment outlook is not good for
geneticists. A starting geneticist working makes between $19,000 and
$27,000 a year. Salaries, depending on experience, training, and success
may be above $54,000 a year. Benefits usually include pension plans, health
insurance, and paid holidays and/or vacations.

     The employment outlook is  very good. Some, highly trained geneticists
can open their own firms. This is probably because of a recognition that
mutations may be able to strengthen our immune systems, raise our
endurance, or even other things not thought possible.

     Most geneticists work in clean laboratories and work between thirty
five and forty hours a week. They usually have the necessary equipment
given to them by their firm or other supporter.

     I feel this would be a good career for me because of my inquisitive
nature. I have always been intrigued by the altering of DNA to cause
mutation. I am also extremely interested in the evolution of different
species.
