        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Iraqui     ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [War with Saddam Hussein ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:2183  School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     War was inevitable in the Gulf and it was a war in which Iraq was
inevitability to lose. There were several reasons why this was and became a
reality. How, when, where did this process of self destruction begin? It
was quite evident that Saddam Hussein. the president of Iraq, was becoming
a military giant in the Middle East and therefore a threat to the stability
of the entire region. His war with Iran was proof of this. The U.S. and
other industrialized Western nations could not risk the loss of oil from
the area. Kuwait is the second largest source of petroleum in the Middle
East and so Iraqi invasion of Kuwait sent the world oil market into a
frenzy. Iraqi forces then gathered their forces on the border with Saudi
Arabia, the second largest supplier of oil in the world. This in turn
brought the military might of the United States into the conflict.

     There are several reasons why Saddam Hussein invaded Kuwait. "After
the 8 year war with Iran over territorial disputes and religious rivalries
between the Iranian Shiites and Iraqi Sunni factions, Iraq had a massive
debt to many Arab nations including Kuwait."2 The rulers of these nations
wanted some of their money back but Iraq thought they were ingrates and
were ungrateful for defending the Arab emirs from the Iranian Islamic
fundamentalism. The Arab emirs were afraid that the Islamic fundamentalists
would rise against the government and eventually take over the government
as they had Iran against the Shah. Kuwait was also afraid of this and so
they supported the Iraqi Arabs against the Iranian Persians.
                   
    2"Iraq",World Book (New York, World Book, 1990), Vol 10, p. 260
     The funds that Gulf countries lent to Iraq were used to buy high tech
weapons, high tech weapons that made Iraq one of the largest armies in the
world and a force to contend with. "Ironically much of the money and
weapons came from the countries that united to fight against him."1 The
Gulf countries bankrolled him while the Western nations, who had many
defense contractors going out of business because of the end of the Cold
War, supplied him with the weapons to fight Iran and later Kuwait and the
Coalition. With a large army like his, it would be very easy to defeat the
far smaller Kuwaiti army compared to his.
                   
    1CNN The Gulf War (Video) (Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991)
     Oil had made Kuwait one of the richest and most progressive countries
in the world. This desert land is one of the world's leading producers
having over one-tenth of the world's known petroleum reserves. "All of this
in 20150 square kilometres, a little smaller than the state of New
Jersey."3 Kuwait is one of the world's wealthiest nations in terms of
national income per person. It has free primary and secondary education,
free health and social services and no income tax. There was much to
protect. All of this was attractive and irritating to Saddam who would and
did use a fraction of his army to attack and invade Kuwait in which it only
took the Iraqi army 6 hours to reach the capital city. They had after their
invasion about 19% of the world's known oil reserves.
                   
    3"Kuwait",World Book (New York, World Book, 1990), Vol 11, p.354
     Historically Iraq had claimed that it had a right to Kuwait. "They
were jealous that Kuwait was in control of the two islands needed for a
deep water shipping port:the Bubiyan and Warbah islands."4 These islands
along with some parts of Kuwait were a part of Mesopotamia which the
Ottoman Turks conquered. "The Ottoman Empire was defeated during World War
I and the British made their "own lines in the sand", dividing up the land
according to their own strategic needs and in the process recklessly
dividing up ancient communities and boundaries that had been recognized for
decades."1 Most of Mesopotamia became Iraq and some other parts to Kuwait.
In 1961, Kuwait became independent and the Iraqis threatened to invade
except that British troops kept the peace. This was to be the first of many
border skirmishes which include Iraqi missiles fired at Kuwaiti oil
installations and the reflagging of Kuwaiti oil tankers during the
Iran-Iraq War in which U.S. ships patrolled the Persian Gulf and Kuwaiti
tankers were reflagged with U.S. flags.
                   
    1CNN The Gulf War (Video) (Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991)
    4AP Press Toronto Star (January 20, 1991) A18
     The Iraqi government had also accused the Kuwaitis of stealing 2.5
billion barrels of oil from its Rumaila oil fields by sliding drills into
Iraqi oil pipelines. They had also accused Kuwait of exceeding OPEC oil
production which had dropped the price of oil from $20 a barrel to $13 a
barrel in the first six months of 1990. This meant 1 billion dollars less
for Iraq  everytime that price of an oil barrel went down by a dollar.
Saddam said he would stop them from continuing aggressive action:"The oil
quota violators have stabbed Iraq with poison dagger. Iraqis will not
forget the saying that cutting necks is better than cutting means of
living. O'God almighty, be witness that we have warned them".1 His foreign
minister Tariq Aziz later said in a letter to the Arab league that Kuwait
is "systematically, deliberately and continuously" harming Iraq by
encroaching on its territory, stealing oil, and destroying its economy.1
"Such behaviour amounts to military aggression".1 These were just signs of
the Desert Storm to come.
                   
    1CNN The Gulf War (Video) (Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991)
     Personally, Saddam Hussein had reasons to want to go to war against
the Western nations. He grew up as young boy hating the British for
imprisoning the uncle that had cared for him. Later, he joined the Baath
Party which was based on a platform of Arab unity and as a member was sent
to try to assassinate General Abdul Karim Qasim who they believed to be
very friendly with the Western nations. By going to war, he hoped to foster
Arab unity against the Western nations, like an Islamic holy war against
the "infidels". He also believed that it was his destiny to fulfil the
prophecy of ruling an Arab nation streching from Euphrates to the Suez.

     The Western and Gulf nations united together to form a coalition to
fight against Iraq that followed the United Nations resolution that Iraq
must pull out of Iraq on January 15, 1991. They had several reasons for
wanting Iraq out of Kuwait. "The 2 main reasons are the vast amounts oil in
the region which account for 53% of the world's known petroleum reserves
and the stability of the nations that have the oil."4 The 2 biggest in the
region are Saudi Arabia and Kuwait. The Saudis were afraid that Iraq would
invade Saudi Arabia just like Kuwait.
                   
   4AP Press Toronto Star (February 20, 1991) A16
     "The United States depends on Middle East petroleum for about 25% of
its energy needs and other Western nations even more on Middle East."4 Many
of these nations have very few oil resources and if they did it would cost
too much to develop them like the estimated 300 billion barrels of oil in
the Alberta and Saskatchewan tar sands. "Other nations like Japan have very
few alternative sources for petroleum so they depend greatly on the oil
from the Middle East."1 Other sources of power are generally too expensive
to be practical or still under development. So any disruption of oil from
this region would seriously negatively affect the economies of the Western
nations, just as they were slipping into a recession which would not be
very good for the leaders of these countries at the ballot box.
                   
    1CNN The Gulf War (Video) (Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991)
    4AP Press Toronto Star (January 16, 1991) A15
     However going to war or even the real possibility of it would give a
big short term boost to the economies of these nations by increasing the
price for a barrel of oil which would allow oil companies to make bigger
profits and there would be more exploration in North America to discover
new sources of oil. This would help boost the stock markets by increasing
positive activity in the trading of shares. Also by going to war, it would
create jobs in many sectors of the economy from the defense contractors to
the service industries down the line.

     The main reason that Coalition was formed was to protect the "vital
interests" in the often unstable Middle East. "The Middle East had been the
source of many of the world's wars after World War II, sometimes almost to
point of going nuclear."4 The Arab partners in the Coalition joined the
union to prevent what had happened to Kuwait to occur to them. The United
States and the other Western partners wanted to ensure a steady supply of
cheap oil and the invasion of Kuwait had risen the price of oil along with
creating instability in the Middle East. The best way to restore order to
the region and create some stability was to force Iraq out of Kuwait and
severely weaken his government and military which the Allies were
successful in doing.
                   
   4AP Press Toronto Star (February 14, 1991) A13
     Another reason that has been suggested is that Iraq was permitted to
invade Kuwait just to give the U.S. an excuse to attack the Iraqis so that
they would no longer be a threat to other countries in the region. This
would also make the Arab nations dependent on the Americans for their
defense so that they would not try to attempt hostile actions in terms of
increasing the cost of the oil to them or limiting the production of
petroleum as had been demonstrated by the OPEC nations in the 1970s.

     George Herbert Walker Bush also had personal reasons as to why he
wanted Iraq to leave Kuwait. As the youngest fighter pilot in the Navy
during World War II, he flew in many missions before being shot down.
"These missions helped to shape his beliefs that the U.S. should be like a
global policeman and Saddam Hussein must be stopped just as Hitler should
have been stopped from breaking the conditions of the treaties the Germans
signed ending World War I."1 Another reason he felt he had to take military
action was that there were American hostages held by the Iraqis after the
invasion of Kuwait for a couple of months.
                   
    1CNN The Gulf War (Video) (Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991)
     Iraq would lose in the war with the Coalition because "their forces
were not as well trained as the Coalition forces, their weapons were
technologically inferior, they had no air support and the Coalition forces
were well-prepared for moves against them."4 The Iraqi army is mainly
composed of draftees, who are not well- trained or equipped. Only the few
Republican Guard units that were the elite of the Iraqi army would be any
match for the Coalition because the Coalition forces were composed of
mainly professional, well-trained volunteers. Also the Iraqi weapons were
inferior compared to the Americans. The Iraqis had weapons mainly from the
late 1970s to the early 1980s while the Allies had the most- advanced
weaponry available including the AWACS system, the Stealth bomber and the
Patriot missile. With this, they quickly achieved air and naval superiority
over Iraq and Kuwait. The Iraqis had few planes that were of any threat to
the Coalition and most of these never faced combat for unknown reasons.
This made the Allies job much easier. The Coalition forces were also
well-prepared as to the enemies battle tactics as they were Soviet ones
which the Americans had studied for the possibility of an invasion of
Europe.
                   
   4AP Press Toronto Star (January 18, 1991) A14
     A Gulf War involving Iraq was unavoidable and in this war Iraq was
defeated. The Iraqis were becoming a major military power in the Middle
East and therefore a danger to the stability of the whole region. The
United States and other industrialized Western nations could not afford the
loss of oil from the region and therefore they were very willing to ensure
that they continued to receive the oil. The U.N. and U.S. both wanted Iraq
to leave but realized that Iraq did not wish to leave and had no intention
of doing so unless they were forced out. Neither side wished to back down
diplomatically or militarily and with no other useful options available,
war was the only option left to the U.S. and her allies. In this war, Iraq
would lose because it has inferior weapons, a poorly trained army and the
Americans were well prepared for the Iraqi tactics.


Bibliography
CNN The Gulf War (Video), Atlanta, CNN News, 75 min., 1991
"Iraq",World Book New York, World Book, 1990, Vol 10, pp. 260-261
"Kuwait",World Book New York, World Book, 1990, Vol 11, pp. 354-355
Toronto Star:All A and special sections from January 14, 1991 to
March 8, 1991. (Many seection were used)
