        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the The Grapes ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Wrath.               ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:450   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                         AN UNDAUNTED JOURNEY

     Through out history man has made many journeys, far and wide. Moses's
great march through the Red Sea and Columbus's transversing the Atlantic
are only, but a few of mans great voyages. Even today, great journeys are
being made. Terry Fox's run across Canada while having  cancer is one of
these such journeys. In every one of these instances people have had to
rise above themselves and over come emence odds, similar to a salmon
swimming up stream to fullfill it's life line. Intense drive and extreme
fortitude are qualities they had to possess during their travels. In The
Grapes of Wrath, Steinbeck shows the Joads endurance by his use of extended
metaphors in intercalary chapters.

     Steinbeck uses intercalary chapters to provide background for the
various themes in the novel. This effectively forshadows upcoming events by
telling of the general state of the local population in the intercalary
chapters and then narrowing it down to how it effects the main characters
of the novel, the Joads. Setting the tone of the novel in the readers mind
is another function of Steinbeck's intercalary chapters.

     In chapter three,  Steinbeck emaculatly describes the long tedious
journey of a land turtle across a desolate highway. From the onset of his
journey, the turtle encounters many set backs. All along the way he is
hindered by ants, hills, and oak seeds under his shell. The turtles
determination to reach his destination is most apparent when a truck driven
by a young man swerves to hit the turtle. The turtle's shell was clipped
and he went flying off the highway, but stop the turtle did not. He
struggled back to his belly and kept driving toward his goal, just as the
Joads kept driving toward their goal.

     Much like the turtle from chapter three, the Joads had to face many
great hardships in their travels. The planes of Oklahoma, with their harsh
summer weather, was the Joads desolate highway. The truck driver
represented the Californians, whom Buried food and killed live stock to
keep the Joads and others like them away from their dream. And sickness was
their ants and hills. But even through all of this the Joads persevered.
They were driven by great motivating powers - poverty and hunger. Just as
the turtle searched for food, the Joads were searching for paradise, "the
garden of Eden."

     The Joad's journey is second to none in terms of adversity and length.
The Joads incredible ability to over come all odds and keep going is
epitomized in intercalary chapter three. Steinbeck uses his rendition of
facts, the "turtle" chapter, to parallel the Joads struggle to reach the
promise land. Just as the turtle endured, so did the Joads. Never
digressing from their strait and narrow path to California.
