        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Great          ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Expectations            ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:524   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                         Great Expectations Essay

     Miss Havisham is an extremely eccentric character.  She is a rich and
grim lady who lived in a large and dismal house.  One way she was eccentric
was the Satis House.  Another is the weird birthday party Miss Havisham had
with her relatives.  She also acts in a weird way that tells her apart from
the rest.

     Miss Havisham's house is a dark and spooky house.  Inside the house
all the furniture were antiques as well as the clocks. One of the strange
things were that all the clocks in the room had stopped at twenty minutes
to nine.  Outside there was a pigeon-house in the brewery yard, which had
been blown crooked on its pole by a high wind.  There were no pigeons in
the house, no horses in the stable, no pigs in the sty, no malt in the
store house, no smell of grain and beer in the copper or the vat.  A
strange thing happened to Pip when he was in the brewery yard. He looked
over to were the building was on his right and saw a figure hanging there
by the neck.  He saw a faded trimming dress and afterwards saw the face of
Miss Havisham.  With terror Pip ran away from it, then ran towards it.  He
went only to find no figure there.
     
     Miss Havisham treated her relatives like in weird ways. When Miss
Sarah Pocket asked her how well she look she said "I do not, I am yellow
shin and bone."1  She started arguing with Camilla and both would make
insults to each other.  Miss Havisham asked Camila what was the matter and
Camilla said "Nothing worth mentioning, I don't wish to make a display of
my feelings, but I have habitually thought of you more in   the night than
I am quite equal to."2 All Miss Havisham would say is "Then don't think of
me."3  Miss Havisham also told them quote "This, is where I will be laid
when I am dead.  They shall come and look at me here."4  She said this
because she treated her relatives like vultures.

     She also acts in weird ways than the other's.  For example, she always
treated Pip like dirt.  She uses Estella to get to Pip and make Pip feel
bad about himself because he gets beat by a girl.  She always wants Estella
to play cards with Pip.  Estella would always beat him which made Miss
Havisham happy.  It's like she wants to get revenge on something and takes
it out on Pip. She would turn her head at people, make weird jesters and
role her eyes at people.

     In conclusion, I believe Miss Havisham is an extremely eccentric
character.  One reason is the Statis House and all the weird things
occurring in and out of the house.  The other is the way she treats her
relatives.  She makes sure she let them know they are dirt.  And maybe the
main reason is her attitude towards everybody.  Furthermore, Miss Havisham
may be nice sometimes, but she is still weird for me.
