        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Gun Control    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:450   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Gun control has been a controversial issue for years.  A vast majority
of citizens believe that if gun control is strictly enforced it would
quickly reduce the threat of crime.  Many innocent people feel they have
the right to bear arms for protection, or even for the pleasure of hunting.
These people are penalized for protecting their lives, or even for enjoying
a common, innocent sport.  To enforce gun control throughout the nation,
means violating a persons Constitutional rights. Although some people feel
that the issue of gun control will limit crime, the issue should not exist
due to the fact that guns are necessary for self defense against crime, and
by enforcing gun control is violating a citizens second amendment right to
bear arms.

     Guns are evil to some, because of the violence that they create.
People express guns as weapons of homicide. They insist that, the more guns
with which our society equips itself, the greater the likelihood for
accidents or violent acts involving fire arms to occur.  It is a proven
fact that handguns have been the murder weapon of choice. Guns are involved
in half of all homicide cases.  People believe that society has relied on
weapons that create harm and criminals.  Therefore, these weapons should be
outlawed.

     However, law abiding citizens have the right to protect themselves
against danger.  Due to the ownership of guns, burglaries have reduced
considerably.  A gun is a tool, guns don't kill people.  People kill
people.  The matter depends on who is using the gun, and what situation it
is involved in. Purchasing a handgun legally is a complex procedure. The
consumer must go through a two month waiting period. These procedure
guarantee the innocence and reliability of a gun owner.

     The second amendment states the citizens right to own and bear
firearms.  Freedom to poses arms is a guaranteed citizen right.  If the
constitutional rights of a citizen are violated, it can be a complex issue.
In the case of US vs Miller during the year of 1939, The supreme court
voted against individual rights to bear arms.  Nothing can destroy a
government more quickly than its failure to observe its own laws.  This is
why all citizens should be aware of all of their constitutional rights.

     Enforcing gun control is not going to have an effect on the crime
rate, because it will not keep criminals from purchasing weapons.  If guns
are outlawed, only outlaws will have guns.  If a person is willing to pay a
price they will get what they want. Gun owners have to protect themselves
from these criminals, and all gun owners must be informed of their second
Amendment right to keep and bear arms.
