        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
        мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report about play       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Past Meridian.          ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Date: 06/94  # of Words:486   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    What if two of America's most respected authors came together and
engaged in a conversation for an hour? Martin Williams tries to answer this
question in a hypothetical play called "Past Meridian." His answer is an
hour of exhausting and intense dialogue between a recreation of Ernest
Hemingway and Tennessee Williams. But they don't come together as authors,
they come together as humans who have been riddled by their own struggles
and left alone, so they believe.

    Tennessee Williams was defined throughout the play as a man who had a
somewhat contrasting life style between what was natural to him and what
the south portrayed as natural to him.  For example, Williams was gay.  He
first knew this when he loved a boy named Gordon at a summer camp.   He was
only 15 at the time and didn't know these feelings which he was having for
he had never heard of such feelings.  He was confused and disorientated
because he was different from what the South stood for in this aspect. Yet,
other than this, he did share much of the same values of his native
homeland.  He wore a yellow ribbon around his neck, a clean white shirt and
tan pants, all straight and defined as was his southern accent.  Finally,
his father was an alcoholic who abused him, therefore he was loyal to his
mother.  All of these aspects define the character of Tennessee Williams.

    Ernest Hemingway was a man who believes that he differs greatly from
Tennessee Williams, but comes to realize that they share a common battle.
Ernest Hemingway was depicted as a man who enjoys being a traditional man
-- drinking beer and relaxing as a male on this earth.  On the other hand
Tennessee Williams is a very straight-laced and smooth-talking individual
who is not fond of beer.  In contrast to Tennessee William's mother,
Ernest's mother was a mean and cruel woman.  Ernest refers to Williams's
mother as a "bitch" when Williams described his mother as "a woman who
would bake the finest cookies in the south."  But Hemingway and Tennesse
WIlliams have one thing in common -- they both love men. Hemingway, like
Williams, had a love in his life who was named Karl.  Karl was the true
bullfighter depicted in Ernest's book, "The Bullfighter."  Hemingway
describes him as a "beautiful man." Yet no one knows this bit of
information which is kept in Ernest's closet.  Now, Hemingway unl s the key
for one man, Tennesse Williams.  All of these events add to a collision
course between two great authors, or better yet, two confused men.

    "Prime Meridian" is a play about two men who come to realizations with
one another.  Through monologues and battles they discover one another and
ultimately come to a striking realization. These two men would be perfect
for each other.  To observe this play, one must definitely have an opened
mind!

