        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Hurricanes     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:603   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                     Hurricanes
                     ==========

     Hurricanes get their start over the warm tropical waters of the North
Atlantic Ocean near the equator. Most hurricanes appear in late summer or
early fall, when sea temperatures are at their highest. The warm waters
heats the air above it, and the updrafts of warm, moist air begin to rise.
Day after day the fluffy cumuli form atop the updrafts. But the cloud tops
rarely rise higher than about 6,000 feet. At that height in the tropics,
there is usually a layer of warm, dry air that acts like an invisible
ceiling or lid.

     Once in a while, something happens in the upper air that destroys this
lid. Scientist don not know how this happens. But when it does, it's the
first step in the birth of a hurricane.

     With the lid off, the warm, moist air rises higher and higher. Heat
energy, released as the water vapor in the air condenses. As it condenses
it drives the upper drafts to heights of 50,000 to 60,000 feet. The cumuli
become towering thunderheads.

     From outside the storm area, air moves in over the sea surface to
replace the air soaring upwards in the thunderheads. The air begins
swirling around the storm center, for the same reason that the air swirls
around a tornado center.

     As this air swirls in over the sea surface, it soaks up more and more
water vapour. At the storm center, this new supply of water vapor gets
pulled into the thunderhead updrafts, releasing still more energy as the
water vapor condenses. This makes the updrafts rise faster, pulling in even
larger amounts of air and water vapor from the storm's edges. And as the
updrafts speed up, air swirls faster and faster around the storm center.
The storm clouds, moving with the swirling air, form a coil.

     In a few days the hurricane will have grown greatly in size and power.
The swirling shape of the winds of the hurricane is shaped like a
dough-nut. At the center of this giant "dough-nut" is a cloudless, hole
usually having a radius of 10 miles. Through it, the blue waters of the
ocean can be seen. The hurricane's wind speed near the center of the
hurricane ranges from 75 miles to 150 miles per hour.

     The winds of a forming hurricane tend to pull away from the center as
the wind speed increases. When the winds move fast enough, the "hole"
developes.

     This hole is the mark of a full-fledge hurricane. The hole in the
center of the hurricane is called the "eye" of the hurricane. Within the
eye, all is calm and peaceful. But in the cloud wall surrounding the eye,
things are very different.

     Although hurricane winds do not blow as fast as tornado winds, a
hurricane is far more destructive. That's because tornado winds cover only
a small area, usually less than a mile across. A hurricane's winds may
cover an area 60 miles wide out from the center of the eye. Another reason
is tornadoes rarely last as long as an hour, or travel more than 100 miles.
However , a hurricane may rage for a week or more (example: Hurricane
Dorthy) In that time, it may travel tens of thousands of miles over the sea
and land.

     At sea, hurricane winds whip up giant waves up to 20 feet high. Such
waves can tear freighters and other oceangoing ships in half. Over land,
hurricane winds can uproot trees, blow down telephone lines and power
lines, and tear chimneys off rooftops. The air is filled with deadly flying
fragments of brick, wood, and glass.
