        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Explains the Japanese   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [school system and how it]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [is important to the     ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [Japanese economy.       ]

 Dizzed:7/94    # of Words:317   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

          "Japan's Education System Is Successful"
                                    by Herbert J. Walberg

     In the writing, Walberg attributes Japan's economic success to the
superior education of its youth.  He stresses that Japan does a better job
of educating its nation and the U.S. should follow in Japan's foot steps.
He emphasizes the U.S. should change its system of education to produce
more productive and smarter children.

     Walberg links national prosperity to education.  He believes that
educating children and teaching them to become more than mediocre can help
a nation to survive.  Smart children can solve the nation's problems and
invent new machinery to bring in more capital.  The smarter the children,
the less time it takes them to get a job done, thus decreasing the time and
money needed for certain jobs.

     Walberg believes Japan's system of education is very successful.  The
child worries about passing tough exams and wants to go to school.  The
family of Japan coaxes its children and gives them the mind set of being
mediocre is nothing.  Japan also maintains a hard curriculum that pushes
the student to his optimum efficiency.  The teaches in Japan do not compare
children's accomplishments and what they have not done.  This allows the
student to proceed with their peers at maximum rate.

     The Japanese strive for equality.  They recognized how hard a student
can work and how fast he can learn.  The student can take entrance exams.
Bright, hard-working students that come from poor families have a better
chance of being admitted to elite schools than average students with rich
families.

     The Japanese education system works in many ways.  Even though it is
hard and long hours are put in to learning, the suicide rate is low.
Everyone in Japan has a chance of learning, and if he works hard enough he
can prosper in life. The success of Japan and other countries lies in the
education of its youth.
