        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Caesar         ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:418   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                             Essay on Caesar

     In Shakespeare's play of "Caesar" Brutus is a conspirator who portrays
a person who favors a republic for Rome. Brutus is an honorable man. Many
characters in the play show there reverence for Brutus. Brutus exemplifies
his honor in many ways. Brutus is obsequious when he is needed to abet his
fellow romans.

     Brutus is an honorable man. "Am I entreated to Speak and Strike? O
Rome I make thee promise, If the redress will follow, then receivest thy
full petition at the hand of Brutus" (Shakespeare 397). Brutus will obey to
whatever the romans convey to him. Consequently, Brutus joins the
conspiracy inorder to help the romans rid rome of Caesar. Brutus also
understands that he is putting it all on the line for his romans, therefore
Brutus is an honorable man.

     Brutus is a scrupulous man, whose virtues endure. "No not an oath, If
not by the face of men, the sufferance of our souls, the time's abuse-If
these motives be weak, break off betimes, and every men hence to his idle
bed; So let high sighted tyranny rage on, till each man drop by lottery"
(Shakespeare 399). Brutus said that if the conspirators do not join for a
common cause, then there is no need for an oath because the conspirators
are self-righteous, and they are serving the romans. If the conspirators
don't bind together, then each man will go his own way, become a weakling,
and die when it suits the tyrants caprice. Brutus is advocates peace,
freedom and liberty, for all romans, which shows that Brutus is an
altruistic as well as an honorable man.

     Brutus also had a compassion for Caesar when he had killed Caesar. "If
then that a friend demand why Brutus rose against Caesar, this is my
answer: Not that I loved Caesar less, but that I loved Rome more"
(Shakespeare 421). Brutus had honored Caesar but Brutus felt that Caesar
was to ambitious. Brutus also felt that Caesar made the romans as slaves.
Therefore, Brutus is an honorable man.

     Brutus is a noble man who was revered by many. Brutus had joined the
conspiracy because he had the desire to help the commoners. He was a
follower of idealism, where the romans would possess peace, liberty and
freedom. Brutus wanted the kill Caesar, because he believed that all of the
people of Rome would eventually be slaves, thus Brutus resorted to the
assassination if Caesar. Brutus is a honorable man.
