        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Shoeless Joe   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [& the Black Sox Scandal ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:417   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
             Shoeless Joe and the Black Sox Scandal

     After winning the 1906 World Series, the Chicago White Sox were not
able to maintain their position of number one.  They remained in the middle
of the American League until 1915 when a new manager, Clarence Rowland and
a new star, Joe Jackson, joined the team.  Joe Jackson was a star from
South Carolina who was known as "Shoeless" Joe because of his
poverty-stricken childhood.  Joe Jackson was dubbed "The finest natural
hitter in the history of the game."  In 1917 the White Sox won one hundred
games in the regular season and went on to defeat the New York Giants in
the World Series four games to two.  Two years later the Sox were in the
World Series thanks to their two twenty game winners, Eddie Cicotte and
Clause Williams.  The White Sox lost the best-of-nine series five games to
three.  A reporter for the Cincinnati Tribune thought something was wrong
when he found out that someone had placed a two million dollar bet on the
underdog Reds.  One year later, in September 1920, Jackson, Cicotte and
Wilson signed confessions to receiving five thousand dollars to throw the
World Series.  Before the trial for Jackson, Cicotte and Wilson, there was
a turnover in the Illinois State Attorney's Office and all the confessions
mysteriously disappeared.  The three baseball players then said they didn't
sign the confessions so the case was dropped.  The new commissioner for
Major League Baseball was Kenesaw Mountain Landis and he believed three
players were guilty.  He also believed they weren't the only ones on the
team that threw the series.  Kenesaw Mountain Landis kicked seven players
from the White Sox team of 1919 out of Major League Baseball for life.
Eddie Cicotte, Chick Gandil, Clause Williams, Happy Felsch, Swede Risberg,
Fred McMullin and Joe Jackson were suspended for accepting a bribe to throw
a series. Eight players were actually suspended for life but only seven
took bribes.  Buck Weaver, the eighth player who was suspended did not take
money to throw the series.  He was suspended because he knew what was going
on but did not say anything.  Even though Joe Jackson was accused of
throwing the World Series he had the highest batting average in the series
which was .375.  He had no errors, twelve hits and the series only homerun.
Do those statistics sound like "Shoeless" Joe Jackson threw the series.
This turned out to be the greatest fix in the history of baseball.
