        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Johnny Tremain]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:552   School:Private/Co-Ed   State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                        Johnny Tremain

     When the book started, Johnny was an annoying pain who always fought
and always made bad comments about people. Ever since his mother had died,
he has been a blacksmith's apprentice working under a man named Mr.
Lampham. His mother arranged for it to be that way before she died. She
left Johnny with a silver cup. It was told to Johnny that when all of his
hope is lost, and God has turned away from him, then only shall he go to
the merchant Lyte and present it to him. Johnny kept it in a chest in the
attic all locked up. Johnny was the easiest to teach the art of being a
blacksmith. He could read and write, and was a fast learner. This made him
the most valuable in the family. He always treated the other learners very
badly. This is why one day, they played a trick on him. Johnny and Mr.
Lampham had a very important client they were working for. They were going
to make him a special bowl for his wife's birthday. Johnny was working all
week on the handles he was to design. He came close to the end of the week
but he still hadn't got it perfectly right. On Saturday he was told that he
couldn't work because he couldn't work on Sabbath. So, Johnny told Mrs.
Lampham about this and she said that he could secretly work on Sunday.
While Johnny was working, One of the other workers handed him a broken
piece which had a crack in the side. It broke and silver when everywhere.
Johnny's hand went on the stove. He nearly burned it, it was completely
silver on his palm. They called for an old lady. A month later, they were
going to unwrap his hand out of the cloth they put it in. When they took
off the cloth, it was crippled. Johnny's thumb grew into his other fingers.
He couldn't work as a blacksmith so he became useless. Mr. Lampham told
Johnny to go look for another job. So Johnny went into town and looked with
no luck. He came upon a Printers work place and soon started working there.
He became friends with guy named Rab, who was two years older than he was.
Johnny learned to control his temper while with Rab, and read many of their
books which they had. He was taught by Rab to ride a horse. Johnny learned
to ride one of the toughest horses. The horse's name was Goblin. Johnny
went into other towns delivering papers to subscribers on Goblin.

    He still found a place to meet Cill, a girl whom he liked in Mr.
Lampham's house. He met her in the middle of town. She gave him updates on
news which happened recently. Johnny later began part of the Tea Party. He
was there throwing tea even with his bad hand. When the British were here,
Rab wanted one of their guns because it seemed more modernized than ours.
So he talked one soldier into giving him his gun so that the man could be a
farmer. Rab fought hard but was killed at Lexington and Concord. Johnny was
never found again. At the end of the book, Johnny learned to be a better
person overall.
