
        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
	  ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Micheal Jordan          ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed:7/94    # of Words:393   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    The book The Jordan Rules, written by Sam Smith, was a biography about
the year Micheal Jordan led the Bulls to win the National Basketball
Association Championship.  The Jordan Rules talks a lot about the tough
road that the Chicago Bulls had on their way to a championship.  Jordan
might not be all the superstar that everyone says he really is according to
Sam Smith.  The Jordan Rules describes the season and goes into depth in
the relationships that Micheal Jordan had with the rest of his teammates.
nineteen-ninety was finally the year that the Bulls would shine.  That was
Jordan's dream before he retired: to win the National Championship, and he
did!  The Bulls had a long schedule in the 90-91 year, away games, long
road trips, and back to back nights.  Despite all of the hard times the
Bulls went through as a team they pulled through with it. Although there
was some other obstacles along the way such as Jordan's inability to get
along with all of the teammates.  It is recorded that in one practice
session Bill Cartwright was hit in the face by Micheal Jordan.  They were
in a disagreement as to if Micheal distributes the ball to the "bigmen"
enough.  Sam Smith also says that Jordan is known throughout the Bull's
organization for not getting along very good with fellow players.  Even
with all of the problems inside the club they still looked good on the
court and were good enough to win. The Jordan Rules did a very good job of
describing a whole year of basketball in one book.  It had good, in depth,
logs of exactly what the players do on off days and before their games.
Although it tells that Jordan was very involved with community service he
had problems with the ballclub.  He led the team to victory and he got what
he wanted, a championship.Micheal Jordan is still the superstar to me that
I have always thought he is.  The book did not change any feelings I have
for him, although I do have more pity on the other Bulls players though.  I
liked the book and I would recommend it to anyone who is interested in
basketball.  I doubted some of the things in the book such as Jordan
hitting Cartwright, but other than that it was very good.

