        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on John Quincy    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Adams                   ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:876   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                       John Quincy Adams

    Hello, I'm John Quincy Adams.  I grew up in Braintree, Massachusetts,
and when I became an adult I traveled with my father on his diplomatic
missions until I became interested in political journalism at Harvard and
eventually became he sixth president of the United States.  During my
lifetime, from 1767 to 1848, the United States was desperately trying to
make allies, as the country was in it's infancy.  I followed my father's
footsteps, as I was working in foreign relations before I became President.
I have experienced many great events, such as when I was appointed as
minister to the Netherlands, a mere three days later I witnessed the French
invade the country and overthrow the Dutch Republic.  This was thought of
by many as an attempt for the French to show the United States how strong
it was, without exerting any force on them at all.  On a different
occasion, when I was appointed minister to Russia, I was the leading
negotiator for the Treaty of Ghent with the British, which ended the War of
1812.  These negotiations gained respect for the United States and me as a
diplomat.  I am a likable person wherever I go.  When I was a kid, our
family was very closely knit, as we all helped manage the farm, except for
my dad, who was usually away in foreign countries.  This didn't affect me
very much since I joined up with him when I was 11 on his operations after
my persistent asking.  As President, I worked scrupulously to work out
problems and provide leadership for the country.  This was acknowledged by
my fellow officials in office and by the country, as I'm thought of as a
person with integrity and honesty.  Louisa Catherine Adams, my wife, holds
a special place in my heart.  She has always been trustworthy and nice.  As
a child she had to deal with ill health frequently, (which often recurs),
and as First Lady she held brilliant parties for my Cabinet and friends.
Louisa and I had four children, but sadly they all died before they could
have children of their own, all for various reasons. My only real enemy to
speak of is Andrew Jackson.  Before my administration, Jackson and his
followers accused me of promising Henry Clay a cabinet post in return for
his support.  After I was elected, and I appointed Clay Secretary of State,
Jackson's strong followers in Congress called it a 'corrupt bargain'.  This
dispute forever split the Democratic-Republican Party, and mine is now
known as the National Republicans.  Throughout my life in politics, I was
just concerned with providing the country with leadership to the best of my
ability.  I realized all my actions would influence everyone after me, so
it wasn't just my administration I was providing for.  I'm very fortunate
to have a father like I did.  I didn't have very many obstacles to overcome
on my way into the White House, since my father really led me into
position, right up to his support for me as President, which influenced
even more people to vote for me.  I consider the split of the parties an
obstacle to overcome since if it weren't for the intense campaigning
afterward, I probably wouldn't have been elected since I lost much support
from that event.  Nothing is really funny in my life since I am often
saddened by my wife's frequent illnesses and charges from Jackson.
Throughout my life in politics, it has usually just been being a different
minister for a different country before settling in the White House.  I
have often been misunderstood, due to the fact of my philosophy to change
things for the better, which the people of this country aren't always ready
for.  For instance, at my inaugural speech in front of Congress, I proposed
a plan for national improvements, such as highways, universities, and
weather stations.  They didn't buy into it, but I have a feeling they will
realize one day that it needs to be done, but it's a shame not I don't
think they will in my lifetime.  If I had my life to do over again, I would
probably not have appointed Henry Clay as Secretary of State.  As much of a
dear friend he is, it caused much trouble throughout my political life. The
accusations started the minute I appointed him.  I feel I deserve credit
for helping to set this country on the right path towards freedom,
prosperity, and loyalty to the country.  Although they might not appreciate
it now, I'm confident future generations will follow my lead to make this
country the best it can be.  For this generation I can offer this; Once you
set your goals, never give up.  I had numerous jobs as minister and
ambassadors to many different countries before I finally won the election
to become the President.  The path I traveled wasn't easy, but I believe my
hard work paid off. If I were alive today I would probably take revenge on
all those crooked politicians I've been hearing about who take bribes and
shred confidential documents.  They deteriorate the fabric this country was
built on, and it will be a long time before it is fully repaired.
