
        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
	  ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on King's Quest V]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed:7/94    # of Words:378   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 Magazine Reveiw


Spear, Peter (August, 1992).  Kings Quest V: The Sound and the   
     Fury.  PC WORLD. pp 240A-26-27.


    Kings Quest V was probably the most advanced game that Sierra On-Line
put out in the last year.  Well, now there is a new modified version of
Kings Quest V.  It is a CD-ROM based game.  It has great sound board
support.  In fact, instead on there being words typed on the screen for
dialogue that characters speak, it is put out through which ever speakers
you wish to choose.  You will actually hear differant voices.  It gets so
involved that they even have ants singing their marching song, birds
chitter-chatter, and falling people screen until they fade away.  There is
even a narrator through-out the game. The graphics on this game are very
good, even a little improvement since the last which was great.  You will
get to see close-ups of differant people through-out the story.  It will
support VGA (Video Graphics Array) or SVGA (Super VGA).  It supports a
variety of differant cards, and 99.9% are accepted. I have played the older
version of Kings Quest V but after playing it for such a long time it kind
of gets boring.  After reading this article I really am interested in this
game. There are not many games out there that are this sophisticated.  This
game requires about 20 MB to run.  Some of the larges applications such as
Word Perfect for Windows, EXCEL 4.0 for Windows don't even come close to
that much space required. You have to have a pretty good system and a
pretty large if you are interested in running this game.  Critics felt this
had to be a game that you played off of the CD-ROM but it is just
originally on the CD-ROM then you install it onto the hard drive.      I
don't think that the article helped me in any way.  I was interested in the
game so I think that I might end up buying it. The article was written to
the general public owners of computers.  The author wrote the article to
inform us of the new game.  I thought the article was pretty good.  I would
recommend this to a friend, becuase most of my friends like computers too.
