        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Lord of the    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Rings                   ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:986   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                 Lord of The Rings љ Final Draft

     "O, it is excellent
      To have a giant's strength, but it is tyrannous
      To use it like a giant"  -William Shakespeare

     Tolkien's famous book, "The Lord of the Rings", has been repudiated as
one of the best fantasies ever written. Tolkien creates a very deep
intimacy between the book and the reader, he captures the reader's
attention and lures him into the story. One of the ways how this cathartic
relationship is created is through the use of reality of the situation in
the story. Tolkien has conjured up a fantasy language, to show the
actuality this novel may present. Some quotations of this language are:

     "eleventy-first birthday"; "The invitation were limited to
twelve-dozen (a number also called a Gross by the hobbits)"; "Many young
hobbits were included and present by parental permission for hobbits were
easy going with their children in the matter of sitting up late." ; "What
may you be wanting?"; "It was a cheerless land"; "The hobbits were
merrymaking happily."

     Not only does the language create a land but it may also add a bit of
humor. This humor can also express the merriness of the people that have
been written about. The language, in English is not exactly incorrect but
it is odd, strange, and different, which matches the theme and plot.

     Tolkien, like mostly every other author has one main, specific goal
during the exposition of the story, which is to capture the reader's
attention. In the beginning of "The Lord of the Rings," Tolkien presents
events of happiness, mystery, tales of power, chase, by evil riders,
battles, and strange encounters. Through this process, Tolkien has created
a grasp upon the reader's attention, although, in the beginning, there is
not much of a sort or understanding of the condition and the state of the
tale. Later on in the story, in the "Council of Ehond," Tolkien regains
control of the story and presents the understanding. At that time, the
reader understands the story, and is also eager to read on. Tolkien thought
of it better to catch the attention and then promote the comprehension of
the tale.

     "The Lord of the Rings" is indeed a fantastic book with times of
happiness, war, mystery, conflict, and passion. In order to create the full
cathartic effect of presenting and expressing the magnitude of the
potential of each feeling, emphasis must be exercised. If emphasis was not
used, the essence of "The Lord of the Rings" could not be how it is; it
would be a monotonous tale without any events of objects with great
importance. There are two ways of how Tolkien expressed the dynamics. One
way was the use of capitalizing common nouns, making the level of the
word's recognition increased. Some of the quotations of such words are:

     "...and was drawing near to the astonishing Disappearance." "There is
     lie until the End."; "The ring itself might tell if it were the One.";
     "A new Power is rising." The other way of emphasis is personification:
     a figure of speech in which a lifeless thing

or quality is spoken of as if alive, or to play the role of another thing.
This can imply more importance into a less-important thing. The use of this
emphasis is shown in these quotations.

     "My news is evil."; "We shall need your help, and the help of all
things that will give it."; "The Elder Days are gone. The Middle Days are
passing. The Younger Days are beginning. The time of elves is over, but our
time is at hand."; "The Ring grows in Power and deserves destruction."

     This figurative language promotes increase of importance of things
that must be emphasized.

     The story presents a very easy to believe story that can be witnessed
in the setting. The setting is a fantastic world of beauty threatened by an
evil overlord and a wizard. The world contains man odd creatures to create
the fill effect of fantasy. Something in which Tolkien added to this tale
to create not only more emotion but also supporting edition to the tale's
reality. He's added rhymes and 'songs' in which some of the characters
chant in the time of boredom. A quote from such a song is: "Gil-galad was
an Elven-king. Of him the harpers sadly sing: the last whose realm was fair
and free between the Mountains and the Sea."

      "His sword was long, his lance was keen,
       his shining helm afar was seen!"

     This use of rhymes transmits a feeling that is sent by the character
singing the song to the reader. This is an effective use of catharsis. In a
story like "The Lord of the Rings", catharsis is very important and
essential.

     Throughout the whole book, there is one minor weakness. Due to the
many names of all the different characters in the story, each of them can
be easily confused with, causing the reader to be perplexed, and therefore
losing his or interest in the novel. Many of the names sound the same. Once
a name is introduced, many others follow. And then it builds up into a very
long list of jumbled names. Some of the confusing ones are:

     Aragorn, Arathorn, Arwen, Athdas, Bolger, Bomladil, Bombur, Boromir,
Eldar, Elendil, Elessar, Eomer, Eru, Galadrid, Galadrim, Gildor, Gil-galad,
Gimli, Glorfindel, Minas Morgul, and Minas Firith.

     Overall, "The Lord of the Rings" is an incredible, fantastic book. It
was fairly difficult to read at some parts of the book which had "Boring"
written all over the page, but it was definitely worth all that time. There
is absolutely no doubt about the potential of excellence this book can
generate. Tolkien has written an outstanding book and has proven many
things and has shown many aspects. When Tolkien set out writing this book,
he aimed for a best- seller. When it was completed, he re-defined the
words, "A Masterpiece..."

                                      By The Grandmaster Slacker 
