        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Comparison between      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Macbeth and Jack (Lord  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [of the Flies)           ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:518   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
               Compare Macbeth and Jack

     Macbeth is one of the protagonist in a Shakespeare play "Macbeth".
Jack is also a protagonist in the novel "Lord of the Flies".  The following
essay will outline the differences and similarities of these two
characters.

     There are five similarities between Jack and Macbeth. Firstly, they
were both leader of some kind.  Jack was a leader of a choir group while
Macbeth was a co-leader of Duncan's army.  Secondly, they were brave.  Jack
was brave, he went up to the top of the hill by himself and searched for
the beast.  Macbeth was brave too, he won the battle in the beginning of
the story.  Thirdly, they were both ambitious. Jack was the leader of the
hunting party in the beginning of the story, but he wanted to become the
leader of the entire group on the island.  Macbeth wanted to become the
king of Scotland after having the conversation with the three witches.
Fourthly, they both became more cruel as they gained more power.  After
Jack formed his own group and set up a camp on Castle Rock, he became more
cruel than before.  For Macbeth, he hesitated six times before killing
Duncan.  But when he planned to kill Banquo and Macduff's family, he didn't
hesitated and killed them without regret.  Lastly, they were both
superstitious.  Jack was superstitious, he worshipped the Lord of the Flies
and held a ritual dance around the camp fire after sacrificing the pig.
For Macbeth, he believed in the fortune telling of the three witches.
(Quote: All hail Macbeth, hail to thee, Thane of Glamis.  All hail Macbeth,
hail to thee, Thane of Cawdor.  All hail Macbeth, that should become king
here after.)

     There are five differences between Jack and Macbeth. Firstly, their
ages were different.  Jack was a teenager while Macbeth was an adult with a
wife.  Secondly, they have different endings.  Macbeth was killed in the
end of the story while Jack was rescued.  Thirdly, Jack kills to
consolidate his power while Macbeth kills to success his goal.  Jack's goal
was achieved in the middle of the story, he had to maintain his power over
others.  For Macbeth, he had to kill other people in order to have a chance
to become king of Scotland.  Fourthly, Macbeth was evil in the beginning of
the story while Jack was innocent, but he became more evil as the story
progress.  Macbeth used his evil mind to plan all the murders while Jack
tried to help the group out by forming the hunting party in the beginning,
but he wanted to kill Ralph later.  Lastly, no one can harm Jack while
somebody had the power to harm Macbeth.  Macduff killed Macbeth in the
battle of Dunsinane while Ralph had no power to harm Jack.  Ralph had to
hide when Jack became the leader of the island.

     In conclusion, Jack was good in origin while Macbeth was evil and
cruel.  They both had a common goal, it was to get more power in order to
become a leader.  Greed for power will results in cruelty, killings and
finally revenge.
