        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Marriage       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Relationships           ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:434   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                     Marriage Relationships

     In marriage realtionships we expected to learn a number of things
including the comprimises couple must make with respect to such things as
careers, finances, and children.  Our initial impressions were that couples
must be willing to make these sacrifices in order to have a long and
fulfilling relationship with their spouse.

     In our discussion on pre-marital sex we both agreed that it was fine
as long as it was done responsibly, meaning with the use of contraceptives.
We stressed contraceptives because we felt that it was important not only
to protect against pregnancy but as well as sexually transmitted diseases.
We did however experience one conflict.  Laura felt that love and serious
committment should play a major role in whether or not a couple should have
sex prior to marriage.  I on the other hand was a little "looser" on the
subject.  I felt that it should mean something but that there was too much
emphazes being placed on serious committment.

     On the subject of contraception anf family planning we had no
disagreements.  We felt that before having children we must first be able
to establish ourselves financially.  So once our respective careers were
settled upon we could then plan when we would have children.  However,
until we did decide to have children we agreed that contraception would be
used.

     The discussion we had on which topics which couples should agree upon
was filled with lots of disagreements.  We agreed that couples should agree
on topics such as issues concerning the children, and major career
decisions.  We began to disagree on the issues of finances and the
distribution of housework.  I felt that I should handle all the money as
well as do my share of the housework.  Laura however, felt that she should
be in charge of the money and that I should do all the housework.  In the
end we weren't able to settle on anything but we realized that it was
important for married couple to agree on these topics because they are
major decisions that affect both equally.

     The time we spent together was on our lunches and we discussed
different aspects for marriage.  We realized that couples who were willing
to comprimize on important issues were the couple that would be sucessful.
The ones that didn't discuss the various problems which concerned them
could never have lasting relationships.  This is why we felt that marriage
preparation courses are so important.  People should not get involved in
something as important a marriage without knowing what to expect of their
partner and of what is expected of them.
