        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Martin Luther  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [King Jr.                ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:340   School:Public Co-Ed    State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Martin Luther King Jr. was a fine and strong man and should be viewed
as such, along with other American heroes, such as Abraham Lincoln, and
George Washington. He truly believed in his philosophy till his death.

     Martin Luther King Jr. was born on January 19, 1929, to Albert and
Martin Luther King Sr. He was the second child in the family, with an older
sister, and a younger brother coming later. As a boy, Martin was extremely
smart, and could read before the age of six. He had already set academic
standards for himself by stating that he would finish school priorr to his
year older sister. In my opinion this could have had a major effect on
King's life by encouraging him to learn faster and better.

     Martin was first exposed to racism at an early age, (probably six,
none of my sources specified his exact age at the time) when he was not
allowed to play with some white friends of his.

     Martin also became accustomed to his liberal ideas while he was still
in grade school. This became known to his mother after Martin said "You
know, when I grow up to be a man, I'm going to hit this thing, and hit it
hard, Mother; there's no such thing as one people better than another. The
Lord created us all equal , and I'm going to see to that."

     Over the years King was involved in many famous boycotts and marches,
but none of them matched his famous march in Washington. He gave a speech
that showed bigotry in the government. Now, just 20 years later, our
country is changing, and helping to change South Africa.

     The key to all this success was Martin Luther King Jr. who showed us
that one man, nonviolently, could make a difference. Most of all he made us
realize that all men are created equal, and should be treated for what they
are, not limited by their appearance or anything else in this world.
