        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Population and Stats    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [of Mexico               ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:931   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                 Population Statistics of Mexico

     Mexico is a growing country, who's population is gradually increasing
every year by around 3Ћ percent each year. In 1940, the population was
recorded at 19,654,000 people. This population then increased to 25,791,000
people in 1950. This indicates a growth of 6,137,000 people in just a
decade. The population in 1960 was then recorded at 34,923,000 people. This
new raise indicated a growth of 9,132,000 people in another decade. In
1970, the population grew to 48,377,000 people; a rise of 13,45,400 people
in ten years. The population of 1980 was recorded at 67,382,000 people.
This indicated a rise of 19,005,000 people, in one decade. The current
population in 1990 at 88,598,000 people showed a rise of 21,216,000 people
in just ten years! The year 2000's estimation of the population of Mexico
is set at 107,233,000 people. That would mean a rise of 18,635,000 people
in a decade, showing that the population growth rate is slowly decreasing.

     The growth rate of Mexico is the result of its traditionally high
birth rate, and its sharply reduced death rate. Many more people are being
born, than dying. This causes a great increase in population each year.
Since the 1930's, improved living conditions and expanded health services
has cut the death rate by more than half, thus causing the population to
increase every year since the 1940's.  Perhaps now the Government's only
chief problem is trying to provide housing , jobs, and schools for the
rapidly increasing population. Therefore the government has tried to tell
people to limit the amount kids they have (although no law has been placed
under act.)

     Another reason for population increase in the past 60 years is due to
the fact that the majority of Mexico's population is Roman Catholic. And in
this religion, no birth control is practised, leading to many unwanted
pregnancies, and an increase in population. Families also prefer having
more children, so they can work on the fields for them, and bring in money.
This also causes a rise in population.

     In the area of comparing the indexed data of Canada, the United States
of America, and Mexico, Mexico's rise was extremely drastic compared to the
other two countries. Canada and the United States of America had relatively
the same vertical climb, going from about 100-250 (Canada being the bigger
increased one). Mexico's however went from 100 all the way up to 550, which
is shown on the graph. The baby booms, fitness booms, and all the other
fads increased the population growth rate of Canada and the United States
of America, but had no comparison to the immense growth of Mexico. Mexico
began it's major increase during the early 1970's, and still has yet to
start slowing down it's growth rate. Mexico's growth rate will stay around
the same for the next few years, maybe slowing down slightly, due to the
impact of the recession, which posed many problems, for every country in
the world.

     Mexico occupies one million, nine-hundred twenty-three thousand and
forty square kilometres. Its climate ranges from Tropical (in the southerly
regions) to desert (in the more North-Eastern regions). According to the
1990 population census, it has a population of 88.598 million people.  It
has an average population of about forty-seven people per square kilometre.
Most of Mexico's population is located in South-Central Mexico, around
Mexico City (Mexico's Capital City).  This specific part of Mexico has over
100 people per square kilometre. This area ranges from about. 200 metres to
approximately 500 metres above sea level. In the sub-tropical area of
Mexico with a lot of flat land and good soil for agriculture.

     There are many reasons for the majority of Mexico's population being
located here and not somewhere else in the country.  One of the main
reasons is climate.  In the Northern areas, there is a desert climate with
very little or no rain.  In the area where the main population is located,
there is a sub-tropical climate that has distinct wet and dry seasons but
still provides a good amount of annual precipitation.  This leads to
another reason which is availability of water (due to tropical and sub-
tropical climate).  Due to an influx of environment-polluting industries
along with the country's (sometimes) harsh environment, much of Mexico's
water supply is very polluted.  Water is needed for life and there for
where there is no water, there is no life.  In the desert areas, there is
basically no water.  When there is water up here, it is too polluted for
consumption. In the central (mountainous) areas the water is much too
difficult to obtain.  However in the south central area there is a good
amount of water that is not as polluted as elsewhere.

     Another reason for the high population of parts of Mexico being the
way it is, is the land forms or topography of Mexico. Most of Central
Mexico is too Mountainous and rugged for humans to survive on.  In the
south the land is more flat.  There is also better soil quality in the
south that in the mountains.  The flat land is more suitable for building
houses, factories and other buildings. The only other area of flat land is
in the north, which is a desert and is unsuitable for humans. This is shown
by the population of the North and North Eastern areas being ten or fewer
people per square kilometre. In the southern regions, there are also more
employment opportunities due to the industries being built there.   These
industries pollute the water supply which has a major effect on the
population.
