        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Notes on Main Characters]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [in book Mice and Men.   ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:285   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
  1) In John Steinbeck's novel Of Mice and Men, one of the main characters
named Lennie copes with his handicap in a unique way. 2) Lennie cannot
remember certain ideas because he is mentally retarded. 3) For example,
Lennie does not remember why he had to leave his old job in Weed, thus, his
travelling companion George has to remind Lennie why they had to run away
from their previous jobs. 4) During this scene, George asks Lennie if he
remembers where they are going and why they had to leave Weed, but because
Lennie is slow, he forgets where they are going and says, "I forgot again".
5) Another example of Lennie's handicap is displayed when George asks tells
him about the lady that used to give him mice to play with. 6) George
states, "Lady huh? Don't even remember who that lady was. That was your own
Aunt Clara. An' she stopped givin' 'em to ya. You always killed 'em."  7)
George tells Lennie this because Lennie forgets who that lady is; George is
always helping him to remember things that he forgets such as people and
places. 8) Lennie relies heavily on George for guidance. 9) One example of
this is illustrated when Curley picks a fight with Lennie. 10) Not knowing
whether to retaliate or not, Lennie just stands there enduring the blows of
Curley until George tells him to fight when he yells, "Get 'em Lennie... I
said get 'em!"  11) Thus, Lennie grabs Curley's fist and squeezes as hard
as he can causing Curley to welter in pain. 12) Therefore, we can see that
although Lennie is mentally handicapped, he deals with his problem with the
assistance of George.

