        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Reattaching Fingers     ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:895   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
============================================================
Medicine: "Microsurgery: Sew Small"  Uploaded: March 1, 1987
------------------------------------------------------------

A man came into the emergency ward at one o'clock. 
His thumb came in an hour later. 
The surgeon's job: get them back together.


    The successful re-attaching of fingers to hand requires long hours of
painstaking work in microsurgery. In the operating room , the surgeon
doesn't stand, but sits in a chair that supports her body. Her arm is
cradled by a pillow. Scalpels are present as are other standard surgical
tools, but the suture threads are almost invisible, the needle thinner than
a human hair. And all the surgical activity revolves around the most
important instument, the microscope.

    The surgeon will spend the next few hours looking through the
microscope at broken blood vessels and nerves and sewing them back together
again. The needles are so thin that they have to be held with needlenosed
jeweller's forceps and will sew together nerves that are as wide as the
thickness of a penny. To make such a stitch, the surgeon's hands will move
no more than the width of the folded side of a piece of paper seen end on!

    Imagine trying to sew two pieces of spaghetti together and you'll have
some idea of what microsurgery involves.

    Twenty-five years ago, this man's thumb would have been lost. But in
the 1960s, surgeon's began using microscopes to sew what previously had
been almost invisible  blood vessels and nerves in limbs. Their sewing
technique had been developed on large blood vessels over a half century
earlier but could not be used in microsurgery until the needles and sutures
became small enough. The surgical technique, still widely used today, had
taken the frustrating unreliability out of sewing slippery, round-ended
blood vessels by ingeniously turning them into triangles. To do this, a cut
end of a blood vessel was stitched at three equidistant points and pulled
slightly apart to give an anchored, triangular shape. This now lent itself
to easier, more dependable stitching and paved the way for microsurgery
where as many as twenty stitches will have to be made in a blood vessel
three millimetres thick. The needle used for this can be just 70
millimetres wide, only ten times the width of a human blood cell.

    All this technology is focused on getting body parts back together
again successfully. The more blood vessels reattached, the better the
survival chances for a toe or a finger. The finer the nerve resection, the
better the feeling in a damaged part of the face, or control in a
previously useless arm. But the wounded and severed body part must be
treated carefully. If a small part of the body, such as a finger is cut
off, instead of torn, wrapped in a clean covering, put on ice and then
reattached within a few hours, the chance of success is over ninety
percent, as long as one good artery and one good vein can be reattached.

    Not only is micro surgery allowing body parts to be reattached, it's
also allowing them to be reshuffled. Before 1969, nothing could be done for
you if you'd had your thumb smashed beyond repair. But in the past 14
years, you would have been in luck, if your feet were intact.  Every year
in North America, hundreds of big toes are removed from feet and grafted
onto hands. Sometimes tendons are shifted from less important neighbouring
fingers to allow the thumb to work better in its unique role of opposing
the other fingers and allowing us to grip.

    While we in North America can live without our big toes and never
really miss them, people in Japan can't. They need their big toes to keep
the common footwear, the clog, on their feet. So their second toe is taken
instead.

    Farmers, labourers car accident victims and home handymen are the
people most often helped by microsurgery replants. And because blood
vessels are being reattached, burn victims can now benefit. Flaps of their
healthy skin are laboriously reattached more successfully, blood vessel by
blood vessel, to increase chances that the graft will take. Some women,
whose diseased Fallopian tubes have become blocked, can have them reopened
microsurgically. When a cancerous esophagus must be removed, it can be
replaced using a section of the person's own bowel. These people can then
lead a more normal life, using their mouth to eat with instead of inserting
food though a feeding tube in their stomach.

    Doctors have been able to rebuild an entire lower face by sculpting the
lower jaw from living hip bone and covering it with the skin from that
piece of bone. In all, over seventy parts of your body can be used as donor
backups and recycled into other damaged sites. And because your body won't
reject your own tissue - a constant hazard in transplants - in this case,
you are your own best friend.

    In everyday use, however, microsurgery is proving to be a miracle
worker, large and small. We take for granted, for instance, all the complex
nerve and muscle control that goes into a simple a gesture as smiling. But
one young woman couldn't. An accident left her with a face that was damaged
and unable to smile.  Microsurgery reconnected severed nerves, giving
muscle control back to her face, restoring her looks and giving her
something to smile about.
