        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Dialogue of the Ginger  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Ale Mystery             ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:497   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Dialogue Story, the Ginger Ale Mystery

     "So Hans, how was your day today?" said Miguel.
     
     "Not all too well," said Hans with despair. "I broke a string on my
violin today at the orchestra."

     "Broke a string eh?" said Miguel. "Did you see it in time?"

     "No, no one told me until after the performance.  Damn, I wish people
weren't so intimidated by people who are blind." said Hans.

     "Yes, I can relate. Hmmm..... Your violin you say?  How would you like
me to take it off of your hands?" said Miguel, with a hint of interest in
his voice.

     "What?  What could YOU possibly give me for my prize Stradivarius
violin?" screamed Hans.

     "Well, we could make a little wager." Miguel was now full into the
violin. "I am a particular mystery fan."

     "Well, so am I, Agatha Christie always makes me laugh!" cried Hans,
with tears in his eyes.

     "No, not that kind of mystery.  I'm interested in locked room
mysteries." whispered Miguel. "Do you know what they are?"

     "No, I can't say that I do." mused Hans. "What are they then?"

     "They are mysteries where locked rooms are involved," said Miguel,
"and where one person might have to do something to get into the locked
room and change something, for instance, put ginger ale into a glass of
ice."

     "Ginger ale into a glass of ice?  That's quite easy." laughed Hans.

     "Yes, but not when YOU are in a locked room, the ice and glass in a
safe, and me with the Ginger Ale outside!" exclaimed Miguel.

     "That is quite extraordinary, if you could do it.  But what would I
get if you didn't do it?" asked Hans.

     "Head seat of all violinists, plus 100,000 dollars, in CASH." said
Miguel.

     "Now i'm in it.  But you want my Stradivarius violin if you do it?"
asked Hans.

     "Yes, thing's aren't cheap these days." said Miguel. "We'll see what
you can do!  The wager is on.  You must come into a dark, lightless room,
with ME in it, open the safe, take out the glass, take out the ice, and
pour in the ginger ale, all without me hearing you?" asked Hans, just to be
sure.

     "Of course.  And the date for this little wager shall be three days
from next wednesday, on saturday." said Miguel. "And good luck."

     "Good luck to you my friend, you'll need it." snickered Hans.

     "He's left!  I've got him now! I can't possibly lose!" screamed Hans.

     "Ouch!  I shouldn't dance so much when I can't see anything,
especially that darn sofa!" exclaimed Hans. "Ouch! My knee hurts!"

     "Ha! Ha! The day has come! Let's see what Miguel can do now!" laughed
Hans, waiting for Miguel.

     "Hello my friend.  Are you ready?" asked Miguel.

     "Ready and waiting." said Hans.

     "Let us begin." said Miguel.

     "Here we are, in the room I've chosen." said Hans.

     "This is fine.  Where are the glasses and the ice?" asked Miguel.

     "Right on that coffee table. 

