        ЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЬ                            ЬЬЬ           ЬЬЬЬ
     ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЫЯЯЯЯЯЫЫЬ       ЬЬЯЯЯЯЬЬЬЬ ЬЫЬ  ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЬЬЬЬЫЯЯ ЯЫЫ
    ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ  ЯЫЫ   ЬЫЫЫЬЫЫЬЬЬ   ЯЫЫЫЫЬ ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЫЫЬЬЬЫЫЭ ЫЯ
        ЯЯЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ ЮЭ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯЫЬЮЫЫЫ    ЫЫЫЫЫЬ    ЯЯЫЫЫЮЯ
Mo.iMP  ЬЫЫЬ  ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭЫ  ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ    ЮЫЫЫЫ     ЮЫЫЫЫЫЭ      ЯЫЯ
      ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ     ЫЫЫ       ЫЫЫЫЫЫ
     ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ  ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ       Я        ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ   ЬЫ
    ЬЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ    ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ               ЮЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ
   ЬЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЬЬ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЭ ЫЫЮЫЫЫЫЫЭ               ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯ
  ЬЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЬЫЫЫЫЬЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЮЫ ЯЫЫЫЫЫ           Ь   ЫЭЫЫЫЫЫ             Ь
 ЬЫ ЮЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ  ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫ ЯЫЬ  ЯЫЫЫЬЬ    ЬЬЫЫЫЯ ЮЫ ЮЫЫЫЭ         ЬЬЫЫ
ЫЫ   ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ    ЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ ЯЫЬ  ЯЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯ ЬЬЬЯ ЫЫЫЫЬЬЬЬЬЬЬЫЫЫЫЫЯ
 ЯЫЬ   ЬЫЫЫЯ       ЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЬ  ЯЯЬЬ ЯЯЬЫЫЯЯ  ЯЫЫЬ   ЯЯЯЫЯЫЫЫЫЫЫЫЯЯ
    ЯЯЯЯЯ                ЯЯЫЫЯ      ЯЯЯЯЯ        ЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯЯ
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Book "Native   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Sun"                    ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:630   School:public          State:NY
ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>Chop Here>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД>ДДДДДДДДД
     In his most famous novel, ”Native• ”Sun•, Richard Wright successfully
develops three major themes: Racism, violence as a personal necessity, and
social injustice. He has captured the powerful emotions and suffering, the
frustrations and yearnings, the restlessness and hysteria, of all the
Bigger Thomas's in this grippingly dramatic novel.

     Wright shows to us, through Bigger Thomas, how bad things were for the
black race. He tells how Bigger was raised in a oneЄroom apartment, living
with his family and rats. The rent was very high, and his mother was barely
able to pay it. Bigger's education like most blacks at that time , did not
exceed the eighth grade. Without the help of the Relief Agency, Bigger and
his family may not have been able to keep up much longer financially.
Bigger had no money, except for the spare change his mother gives him, so
he would usually just hang out at the pool hall, which was in the black
district, or southside.

     Bigger used to pull little jobs with his friends, but all of them
including Bigger wanted to pull off a big job, by robbing Blum's store.
They were afraid though, of getting caught for robbing a white man. They
know the police don't care about blacks, and would probably accuse them of
many more crimes. Luckily for Bigger, though, the Relief Agency did find
him a job with the Daltons. When Bigger went to the Daltons house for the
first time, he brought his gun, because it made him feel equal to the white
people.

     When Bigger got to the Daltons house, he didn't know whether to enter
the house by the front or back door. He looks for a way to the back, and
realizes the only way in is through the front door. As he rang the
doorbell, he felt very disturbed. And when he started talking to Mr.
Dalton, Mr. Dalton asks Bigger about his past crimes, which made Bigger
feel pressured. Then Mary Dalton walked in and asked Bigger if he was in a
union, if he knew about communism, and then still more questions, until her
father finally asked her to leave the room. Bigger was afraid that this
little brat was going to get him to lose his job. Then he met Peggy, a
maid, Who asks Bigger all these questions, like he could understand what
she was talking about. Then Peggy showed Bigger the car he was to drive the
family in. When He saw the black car, he thought about how the whites own
everything. When Bigger meets Miss Dalton, she talks to other people about
him while he is standing next to her, like he was the third person.

     Richard Wright also shows how Bigger is caught up by forces he could
neither understand, or control. Bigger found a sense of freedom and
identity in acts of violence. Bigger mainly disliked his family because he
feels sorry for them. And when Bigger picks on his friend, Gus, it is
mainly out of fear of robbing Mr. Plum.

     When Bigger, Mary, and Jan get drunk, Bigger takes Mary home and
accidentally kills her while trying to shut her up so her mom wouldn't know
she was drunk. Then, after Mary is dead, and her mom is gone, Bigger shoves
Mary's Body in her trunk, and carry's her downstairs. Then Bigger tries to
shove Mary's body in the furnace, but her head won't fit. So, he takes the
hatchet and cuts her head off, throwing it as well as her body, in the
furnace.

     After everyone found out Bigger had killed Mary, Bigger ran to Bes
sie, his girlfriend's, house. When he arrived, he ended up telling her
everything that had happened. Bigger, after telling Bessie everything,
realizes he can't leave her alone with this knowledge. So, Bigger and
Bessie, ran to an abandoned building, where Bigger figured how hard it
would be to keep going with Bessie along. Bigger felt he had to kill her to
keep her quiet and keep her off his back, so he did.

     Richard Wright also showed us the social injustice blacks had. When
Bigger got caught by the police and was jailed, he received constant
harassment. He was faced with a choice of either confess, or else be
lynched by a white crowd, which shows the violence of whites towards
blacks. At the trial Bigger was tried unlawfully. For instance: When
Buckley, the man prosecuting Bigger, tells Bigger to re©enact the murder.
And throughout the trial, there was name calling in the newspapers, and at
the trial.

