        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on sports in the ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [1920's in Canada.       ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:682   School:Prep/Boys       State:CT
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
The National Times Examiner

For the 1920's:=> SPORTS

          Sports in the 1920's in Canada centered on participation. Anyone
who had the skill could participate.  Amateur sports such as hockey,
football, baseball, lacrosse, etc.  flourished due to the influx of many
talented players.  The twenties were Canada's golden age of sport.  Many
sports, such as hockey, football, and baseball, were becoming all
professional.  The sports heroes of the decade were amateurs.  They often
came out of nowhere to capture the headlines, medals, and world records.

          The greatest multi-sport hero of that age was Lionel Conacher. He
played hockey, football, baseball, and lacrosse.  On the day of the 1921
Grey Cup, he played in the city baseball championship, and hit a triple in
the last inning to win it.  Then he drove across town and scored 15 points
in the Grey Cup, as the Argos steamrolled to a 23-0 win over the Edmonton
Eskimos. In that game, he drove for 15 points, displaying incredible
kicking and running skill.
          
          The 1920's also was the golden age of sport for women. The
world's greatest basketball team, the Edmonton Grads, were all women.  The
Edmonton Grads were a team made up of players who were students or
graduated from McDougall High School in Edmonton.  From 1915 to 1940, they
played 522 games and lost 20.    The Grads represented Canada at 4
Olympics, and won every single one, including 27 Olympic basketball games
in a row.  They were truly great.  Even Dr. James Naismith, the inventor of
basketball, called the Grads "the greatest team that ever stepped out onto
the floor."
