        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on the options   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [that America has instead]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [of spending money on    ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [nuclear weapons.        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:540   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Nuclear weapons, is one of today's most talked about issue.  The
United States alone has enough missiles to destroy Earth a few times over.
Americans, then should not waste their money on taxes for building more
weapons!  There are other issues America must be concerned with.  Why not
stop the building of weapons and use the money for other needed causes?
Today, over forty percent of America's national budget is used for our
already large nuclear arsenal, but less than one percent is allocated for
the homeless and other vital causes.  For example, the money could be used
for helping the homeless, working towards a drug-free America, and easing
the trade deficit.

     The money could be put to use to ease housing costs, making houses
affordable for homeless people.  More houses could be built and old ones
renovated or replaced.  Old boarded-up buildings could be torn down and new
apartments would take its place.  Empty lots can be transformed in to
affordable and clean rooms.  Thus, more houses lowers the costs to buy one
which, in turn, allows more people to move in off the streets.  If home
cannot be built, existing shelters could use food and medical aid.
Shelters for the homeless are in bad shape and need the extra money to
clean up the area.

     Many people talk about a drug-free America, including Georg Bush.
Although he wants drug trafficking to stop, he does not allocate enough
funds to accomplish the task.  When production of useless weapons are
stopped, the new income can be use to further the police force.  More
police stations, officers, and detectives are needed now.  Many
investigations at this moment are slowed because of the lack of manpower.
Many people do not feel safe in their homes because the local police force
is understaffed.  All of this would change if we stop the cold war.  People
could walk on the streets at night, drug lords would be behind bars, and
drugs would be eradicated from the country if nuclear weapons are stopped.
The money would be used to set up addiction centers where many addicts can
stop their use of drugs.  More patrols could be set up along the border,
stopping drugs before the enter this country which, in turn, would keep
them off the streets and away from America's youth.

     Likewise, the trade deficit needs money to reverse its downward climb.
Other countries are buying up American companies, and literally America
itself.  We owe countries billions of dollars which we can never pay off at
the rate we are going.  The American dollar is falling below other
countries' currency.  Our country needs extra money to pay debts and to
renew trust with other countries.  Once trust is renewed, we can again
emerge as a leading super power.

     Hence, weapons now are gathering dust in bunkers waiting for a war
that will never come.  Money must be put to use for the homeless, to end
the drug problem, and to lessen trade deficit.  We, as a country, should
worry about our problems besides the war.  Let's make America that clean,
drug-free place that has kept Americans dreaming for many years.
