        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [The Origin of Humanity  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:371   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
        The Origin Of Humanity

    We live on a planet believed to be 4.5 billion years of age with
millions of people covering all parts of it. Where did they come from? Did
the whole human population originate from one of people or were we placed
here and then improved or changed by an intervention? I believe that
humanity on planet earth was created by evolution.

    Both the creationist and interventionist theories seem to far fetched
to be accountable theories for the creation of humanity on planet earth.
There are a lot more questions that remain unanswered such as if spacemen
put us on earth why didn't they bother to teach humans anything? And if the
creationist theory were accurate why can't God control natural disasters on
his planet? He is so clever to create everything known to mankind why
doesn't he make the perfect world if he had that much control?

    There seems to be quite a bit more sustantial evidence on earth to
support the theory of evolution. The evidence is holds up more because
actual samples of fossils have been collected and scientifically tested
using a method called carbon dating to determine the age of the fossils.
Which can then be examined and placed along a timeline. The time periods
show slight differences in bone structure showing what is hypothesized to
be the human evolving.

    Evolving from what though? The theory of evolution states that
creatures change overtime to suit their surroundings. This is called
environmental adaptation. The more a creature can adapt to it's environment
the greater chance it has of living and show an increase in population
called survival of the fittest. A theory developed by a scientist nammed
Charles Darwin who had conducted extensive research into the environmental
adaptions of animals, for example the adaptation of the galapagos turtles
from short neck to long neck so they could reach their food. This theory
helps to prove the theory that humans evolved from apes so they could
increase their chances of survival.

    The creationist theory is mearly pen and paper whereas the evolutionary
theory is actual living proof that humans did evolve from apes and why the
environmental adaptations have made humans the dominant creatures on earth.
