        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Small Report on the     ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Pilgrims and their      ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [first visit over here.  ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:421   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    When the first settlers came, Canada was all wilderness.  There were no
cities, there were no roads, no malls, no schools, no farms.  There was
just wilderness, as far as the eye can see and beyond.

    What surrounded them were forests, full of trees, and hills, which
often had many mini forests on the top.  At first, all the settlers found
were miles of forest.  Then they found indian villages, where they indians
did all of their work.  The indians worked with the land, as in farming,
forestry, etc.  Most of their things were made from things that came from
the land.

    The first settlers came from Scandinavia and then people from parts of
Europe followed.  The settlers were confronted by a harsh, never before
seen land, and many stayed, but went back.  But, when the news of the furs
came out, swarms of people flocked from Europe to get their hands on the
skins of these animals.  Initially, they came to find the Orient and India,
but found North America instead.  That is why the first people seen on
North America are called indians, the settlers thought they had found India
and called the natives indians.

    When they first settled, the settlers had NOTHING except what they
had brought with them on the boats.  They did not have many weapons, tools,
or medical assistance, but the settlers were strong willed and persistent,
and they survived.  Most of the settlers were self reliant, and in top
physical condition.  They built small houses to conserve time, as the
winter was coming.

    The indians taught the people how to do many things.  The settlers had
brought over the concept of farming, and the indians taught them how to tap
maple sugar, farm the new land, make pemmican, (which is a ground up
mixture of beef and berries) and forms of wilderness survival.  (clothes
for the extreme cold, etc.)  Pemmican was an important source of vitamin C
in the winter as fruits and vegetables were scarce in winter, so people
relied on pemmican to keep up their vitamin c.  Fresh fruits and vegetables
rotted, but pemmican lasted.  Many settlers died of vitamin c deficiency.

    The settlers also brought with them the knowledge of tools.  Their tools
included axes, spears, assorted knives, and fire.  To conserve space in
houses they made a separate sleeping floor.  The carpenter was a major
force in helping the settlers stay alive, as he made many tools as which
the settlers relied on along with the blacksmith.  (nails, spoons, etc.)
