        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Pop-Art        ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:458   School:Public Co-Ed    State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 "Pop art" is a term used to describe popular art, the word popular meaning
everyday life. Pop art also varied greatly, from soup cans to comic book
art to abstract art. Pop artistis often have "satirical or playful
intents." This would mean that a pop artist tries to express himself
through humorous art.

 An early pop artist was Andy Warhol, who is known for his drawing of a can
of soup.He was American and was born in 1928. He died in 1987. His works
can be found at the Whitney museum of American Art and at the Museum of
Modern Art.

 Another American pop artist was Roy Lichenstein. He was born in 1923 and
is still living. His work can also be found at the Whitney Museum of modern
art and the Museum of Modern Art.

 Another pop artist was James Rosenquist. He, too, was American. He was
born in 1933 and has yet to die. His works may be foundat the Museum of
Modern Art and at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

 Yet another American pop artist was Larry Rivers. He was born in 1923 and
still lives. His work may be found at the Metropolitian Museum of Art.

 Robert Rauschienburg was also an American pop artist. He was born in 1925,
and, like most of the other artists in this essay, still ives. His work may
be found at the Whitney Museum of Art and at the Modern Museum of Art.

 I chose to describe As I Opened Fire, by Roy Lichenstein. It was made in
1964 and is the the third of three panels in a narrative arrangement.

 As I Opened Fire is magna on a canvas which is 68 X 56. Its composition
reminds of a comic book. It shows 2 guns firing of the side of a ship, with
letters on the top saying "That my ship was below them..." The color scheme
was very interesting. For backround, Lichenstein used grey-blue. For the
guns he used white, grey, and black, giving them a three-dimensional look
using shadowing. For the fire (coming out of the guns) he uses white,
orange, and red, making use of complementary colors. The mood is aggressive
and warlike, in some way indicating that the ship was part of a surprise
attack on an enemey.This picture reminds me of comic book art, in both mood
and composition.

 To me, pop art signifies the most recent type of art. Andy Warhol liked to
draw and average soup can. I like to draw desks. Pop art is more complex
than earlier types of art, if not in composition and color, in mood. It can
express many more things than portraits can, and in more interesting ways.
