        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Letter by parent saying ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [not to ban "A Modest    ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [proposel."              ]
 [ ]College             [x]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:700   School:None            State:NY???
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Dear Mr. Smarmy,

     I am addressing the objections you have expressed with the placement
of "A Modest Proposel" in our english curriculum at Martin Groves Jr. High
School. As a parent myself I understand your concerns and know how you
feel. I agree that Swift's essay is unorthadox to say the least, but as a
credited peice of literary work I cannot allow it to be eliminated from our
curriculum.

     One of the objectives we have here at Martin Groves Jr. High School's
english department is to teach our kids to effectivly use satire and
sarcasm as a means of persuation. Swift's work is a classic example of this
age old techneque. When he talks of children being delicious food whether
stewed, roasted, baked or broiled he does not mean to be taken seirously.
What he did want the reader to address seiriously was the sad shape his
country was in regarding overpopulation. As english scholars we do find the
act of eating children repulsive just as you do Mr. Smarmy, but does the
sound of babies dying in the street and young children selling themselves
because they are poverty stricken seem any less repulsive. Swift states the
problem his country has, poverty and overpopulation, and then presents the
reader with an outragous solution - use those very same children for food!
Swift's proposel is not blatantly anti - human, but is subtly pro - human.
This solution is not ment to be taken literaly, but to be used to draw
attention to the real problem and show that the solutions presented by the
present government are no better than Swift's proposel.

     Swift's " A Modest Proposel " is an instrumental part of our childrens
education. His work is a perfect display of satier and sarcasm, and if no
"reading between the lines" takes place the major point of his essay is
lost. I feel a second reading of " A Modest Proposel " is nesseccary on
your part as well as mine. I'll try to read the essay from your point of
veiw and I hope you shall do the same keeping in mind the ideas I have
presented to you in my letter.

     There will be a school board meeting on June 17, 2024. If your veiws
on this issue have not changed by this time you are welcome to be a part of
this meeting and disscuss this subject more in depth. All school board
members and many teachers will be attending. For more information on this
meeting or where the school board members stand on this issue you can call
(407)-555-5555. Thank you for your time.
