        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Ray Charles    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Robinson                ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 08/94  # of Words:544   School:Public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 Ray Charles Robinson was born on September 23, 1930 in Albany Georgia. His
father was Bailey Robinson, a railroad repair man, and his mother was
'Retha. His father never married his mother. His legal wife was Mary Jane,
who also helped to raise Charles.

 By the time he was three, young Charles was learning to play the piano.
When he was five his brother, who was three at the time, drowned. A few
months later Charles got the disease that would make him go blind by the
time he was seven.

 After he became totally blind at the age of seven, Charles went to a
school for the blind in St. Augustine, Florida, where he learned to play
the trumpet, the saxophone, the clarinet, and organ, though his preferred
instrument is still the piano.

 When Charles was 15, his mother died from food poisoning. He decided to
become a musician soon afterwards and he set out on his own. He played with
various band throughout Florida until he was seventeen. He then wanted to
get as far away as possible from Tampa and also stay in the United States,
so he bought a bus ticket to Seattle and left. Eventually Charles dropped
his surname.

 There he entered a contest and was given a job at a nearby Elks club.
After a numerous amount of months, a record producer noticed him and
Charles had his first album: "Confession Blues." Afterward Charles went on
the road for a few years. He played at bars around the country. It was
known by musicians as the chitlin' circuit.
 
 Soon Charles stopped imitating other musicians, as he had been doing up
until this point, and began to combine gospel and rhythm and blues, and, in
doing so, created soul. He is still called the "Genius of Soul" today. In
1955 Charles made recorded "I've Got a Women", and made history. It helped
pave the way for soul for years to come.

 In the 1960's Charles recorded "I Can't Stop Loving You" (a piece of
country music) with a large orchestra and his own voice. This song, like
his others, was loved by the American people.

 Unfortunately, in the 1940's Charles became addicted to heroin, and in
1964 he was arrested for it. While he was awaiting his trial he went to an
award ceremony in which his son, Ray Jr. was receiving an award. He had to
leave before his son received his award, so Ray Jr. cried. Charles, seeing
this, realized that his son would be very hurt if someone yelled out that
Charles was a drug addict, so he went to the hospital and went "cold
turkey" on drugs. After a year, he was over the addiction.

 Charles is a man of extremes. He was impatient, and he would not listen to
complaints. When he was happy, he was very happy, and when he was sad he
was very sad.

 Today, Charles has two ex-wives, nine children, and seven grandchildren.
He has vowed to remain a bachelor because of his two failed marriages. He
is often seen on television now, as a spokes person for Pepsi-Cola. He has
earned his place in music history, a living legend.
