        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Religion and motivation ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [in learning.            ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [x]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:450   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Religion Journal Assignment

        Respect is a very important aspect of class discipline. Respect
towards peers, property, and the teacher all lead to the student in being
the best student they can be.  If the student does not respect anything in
the classroom, the learning process is hampered by the student themselves;
they are the ones without respect, therefore they do not want to learn and
are totally responsible for the grade they are given.  Respect is
fundamental in the process of learning.

          Effort is second most important in the learning process. If the
student does not want to learn, what will they learn?  Will they learn
everything, or nothing?  If the student does not give full effort and
listen everytime a lesson is presented, he will not learn anything,
therefore failing the course.  This depends on the degree of effort, if the
effort is high, and the student is somewhat oriented towards attaining a
good grade, a high grade of effort will be presented.  Effort is the best
way in determining a student's will to learn.

        The course of religion consists of 6 units, some of them concerning
what we believe in, why we believe in it, and what can be observed in the
future.  The religion course encourages us to explore our heritage and our
beliefs, something we may never had fully understood.  The course helps us
to fully understand why we go to a catholic school, for one thing.

          The course gives an overview of the history of the religion, and
what has happened through centuries.  It shows us what we believe in, how
DO WE understand creation, and then gives us an understanding of creation.
This is the first unit.  The following units gives us an explanation of
de-creation, re- creation, the covenant, nationhood, and division.  All of
these will contribute to our fully understanding our religion.  The course
goes over 6 units and over 30 sub-units.

          The methods shown in the table of contents describes a medium
rich in examples and simple understanding.  Describing information in a
method that is both easily communicated and transmitted relaxes the need
for both effort and hard study.  If the information is easily presented,
the maximum amount of learning can be attained through the least amount of
study, thereby making learning purely efficient and easy.  The methods
shown are both simple and effective, thereby making learning more
efficient.
