        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [x]Class Notes    [Facts on Rene Levesque  ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [ ]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 09/94  # of Words:351   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Rene Levesque [Personal Facts]

- Born in Campbellton NB (24-Aug-1922) Died in Montreal (01-Nov-1987)-
Occupations: Journalist, Premier of Quebec 1976-1985

- Liason Officer and European war correspondent for the American armed
forces in WWII, joined Radio-Canada international in 1946 and became head
of the radio-television news service in 1952

- Hosted TV series "Point de Mire" and became one of Quebec's most
influential TV commentators

- Joined Quebec Liberal Party in 1959 and was minister of water resources
and public works in 1960-1961, minister of natural resources 1961-66, and
finally minister of family and social welfare

- He was responsible for that goverment's decision to nationalize private
electric utilities and for its efforts at cleaning up political mores

- Resigned in 1968 to find the Parti Quebecois whose main objectives became
Quebec sovereignty and the creation of a new form of association with
Canada

- PQ won 23.2% of the vote in 1970 elections, In 1973 became official
opposition

- On November 15th, 1976, Levesque's party defeated Bourassa's government
and won a majority of 71 seats

- PQ promised a referendum on Sovereignty-Association (dismayed Canada)

- During first term, new government passed several measures concerning
automobile insurance, rezoning of agricultural land and the abolition of
secret electoral funding

- Bill 101 formalized the status of French as official language of Quebec

- On May 20th, 1980, referendum took place with opposition from Liberal
leader Claude Ryan and federal Cabinet minister Jean Chretien (with support
from PM Trudeau)

- Proposal won only 40% of vote but PQ was relected in 1981

- PQ suffered setback with patriation of Constitution and lost vast
popularity due to attempts of reducing public spending to solve its
financial problems (1982, 1983)

- In November 1984, Levesque announced his intentions of not fighting the
next election on the issue of independance while maintaining
sovereignty-association as party's offical raison d'etre

- Many ministers resigned in protest, but Levesque's leadership reaffirmed
in 1985 convention

- In June of 1985, he resigned and resumed broadcasting and journalism
career er and European war correspondent for the American armed forces in
