        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Commentary on the       ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [ending of _Where the Red]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [Fern Grows_.            ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:336   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
  In my opinion the ending was a good ending because it refers to what
happened to his brother and where the Red Fern comes in.  I don't think
that he would have ever found the Red Fern if it wasn't for his brothers
death. When his brother died it brought his love for his parents and his
love for his dogs out.

  If it was for the little boys brother dieing in the end of the story we
wouldn't have ever really known how much love he had for his brother and
for ever thing else in the story.  Being that he was always thick headed on
all of discisions that he made.  When his parents or someone told him to do
something he would never do it and or just ignore what they were saying.

  When the little boy first found out how much his brother really cared
about him and by that time it was to late to do anything about it.  So
after his brothers death he really started to show his feelings and started
listening to everyone because he knew that, all of the time that he spent
with his brother when he was alive he screwed everything up and that if he
would have listened to his brother some times that everything might be
different.

  So the little boy finally realized that sometimes you should listen to
people and never judge what someone says till you have tried it.  So from
that point of the story the little boys life changed drastickly.  He knew
that he wasn't always right about everthing and wanted to change some of
the things that he had done that he was told not to do and wanted to make
up for those things. Basically what the ending of the story ment to me was
that never to count your chickens till their hatched.  Cause if you do you
might be missing something or messing something up in your life.  So listen
to the older people around you because they have been around longer then
you have.

