        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Complaints against      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [ring-wing thinking.     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:270   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                                                                 
Right-Wing Hypocrisy

     A return to the Puritan society of the late 17th century looms with
the recent emergence of the Christian Coalition and other right-wing
extremist groups.  These groups preach that anyone who disagrees with their
opinion is anti-Christian and therefore an agent of the devil.  I disagree
totally with that assessment.  Just because someone is pro-choice or
doesn't attend church regularly doesn't mean he is not a good Christian.  I
thought the teachings of Jesus encouraged tolerance and forgiveness, not
persecution.

     For instance, these groups preach "family values", with the father
working, the mother cooking and cleaning, and the kids being subservient to
their parents.  I am surprised more women don't find this sexist and
offensive.  Roles in each individual family are, and should be, different.
People should adapt to life based on their individual talents, not on what
extremist politicians tell them to do.  The conservatives seem to be
holding to the view of life presented in TV shows of the 1950s, instead of
how life actually is in the 1990s.

     Another example of right-wing hypocrisy is their condemnation of
people who are different.  It seems to me that arch-conservatives are not
even willing to listen to people with an alternative viewpoint.  Instead,
liberals are automatically pronounced anti-Christian.  For instance, Pat
Robertson, a former Republican presidential candidate, recently labeled all
pro-choice advocates "agents of the devils."  For some reason, this doesn't
seem like good Christianity and politics to me. These arch-conservatives,
who pronounce themselves as "God's chosen people", are in fact a bunch of
self-righteous hypocrites who need to learn tolerance and forgiveness.
