        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Hawthorne's   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [book The Scarlet Letter ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [and it's Themes.        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:575   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
    Hawthorne's The Scarlet letter deals with many themes, the most
powerful being punishment.  In this novel, Hester Prynne becomes a highly
respected person in a Puritan society by overcoming one of the harshest
punishments, the scarlet letter. This object on "her bosom"; however, does
the exact opposite of that which it was meant for. Eventually, Hester
Prynne inverts all the odds against here due to her courage, pride and
effort. Hester went beyond the letter of the law and did everything asked
of here in order to prove that she is "able."

    Hester became quite a popular seamstress, admired all over the town of
Boston for her work.  Hester is modest in everything that she does. Hester
herself wears only poor clothing while she embroiders marvelous works for
the rest of Boston.  The only piece of clothing forbidden to create was the
wedding vail.  How could a woman wearing the scarlet letter create a dress
that represents the values of marriage; having committed sin as she did to
be involved in the marital bonds of another couple. Although she does the
job willingly and rarely ever looks back to the horrid past behind. The
scarlet letter was constantly worn by Hester with pride and dignity.
Hester knew that what was done in the past was wrong and that the scarlet A
was the right thing to do, therefor it is worn with a sense of pride.

    The child, Pearl, is "a blessing and as a reminder of her sin."  As if
the scarlet A were not enough punishment there "was a brat of that hellish
breed" which would remind Hester of what happened in the past. The "brat"
could have been given away to Governor Bellingham yet Hester proclaimed
that Pearl "is my happiness!...Ye shall not take her!  I will die first!"
Not a person in Boston, nor Hester herself thought highly of the little
child and Hester refused to let Pearl go.  Hester carried the kid around
only because it was a direct reflection of her sin and to cast away here
sin as freely as that to give it away would be unjust and unfair to Hester
and Pearl.  From now on Hester would continually and proudly be near Pearl.
Hester would go against the grain in everything she did. Very rarely did
she ever give up hope; never did she complete a job poorly. In the city of
Boston "many people refused to interpret the scarlet A by its original
signification.  They said that it meant Able; so strong was Hester Prynne,
with a woman's strength."  By now the people of Boston believe in Hester
and accept her because Hester is an arduous, productive worker in the
puritan society.  The townspeople were reconsidering whether Hester was
still worthy of wearing the scarlet letter by the time Hester was about to
leave with Dimmesdale.  The people of Boston realized what a good job
Hester had done wearing it and what once was evil inside of Hester turned
into good.

    The fact that Hester committed adultery was soon forgotten by the
people around Hesters' everyday life.  Yet another meaning for the scarlet
letter was brought about when a meteorite appeared above Boston, a sexton
thought it represented the word "Angel" coming from above.  What was once
an ignoble member of the puritan way of life became a decorous woman.  This
turn in events was inevitable because of Hesters ability to defy the odds.
