        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Creative Essay on The   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Year 2050               ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:659   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                         THE YEAR 2050
                         ФФФФФФФФФФФФФ

    The year is 2050 and my name is LAME. I currently attend Clinton High
School on the outskirts of San Jose. Since the year 1993, no action has
been taken to resolve the environmental problems within the US, but third
world nations are prospering because they started to preserve their rain-
forests. Many US citizens are packing up and heading to Zaire, where large
amounts of coal and oil reserves have been found. Although people feel that
they will be able to "Strike it rich" in Zaire, they do not know what is to
come in the following years. Just like the United States, Zaire will become
a nation with a failing economy and no natural resources.

    The biggest problem in the States is pollution. Air pollution is at an
all time high due to our stupidity. We could have stopped the production of
cars and switched to HydroShoes, which run only off of water, like France
and Germany did, but politicians felt it would be too drastic a change.
Furthermore, President Bill Clinton decided to send all of our garbage into
space in 1996 instead of recycling when he introduced Project No-Garbage.
At first this was a good idea, but slowly, we noticed our atmosphere was
full of milk cartons and banana peels! To clean up this mess, the public
elected President Mick Jagger to deal with the environmental issues.

    President Jagger became the leader of the country when he promised the
public that he would clean up the environment and help the economy. His
first action as president was to take care of the massive droughts in the
Central United States. President Jagger had his scientists invent a new way
of seeding clouds to force rain. So, this new process of seeding the clouds
began. Before we knew it, we had a massive hole in the ozone layer right
above the United States. This hole was the result of the large amounts of
Methane produced in the new cloud seeding method. The outcome of this
problem was a rapid increase in the number of people with skin cancer. It
seemed that the UV rays let into the atmosphere were causing a rare skin
cancer known as Canceroskinosis or Skin Cancer. At the time, there was no
cure for this disease, thus the coffin selling business was at an all-time
high. Almost everyone who did not have the deadly cancer began cutting down
the remaining trees in the country and making coffins out of them. By the
year 2020, most of the US was barren with very little or no vegetation at
all.

    In 2020, President Jimmy Carter returned to office at age 100. He
eventually became the first three-term president. During his reign as "Head
Honcho", his team of scientists were able to produce a cure for the skin
cancer which was killing people as if it was the Bubonic Plague. Although
skin cancer was being cured, the pollution and the ozone depletion weren't.

    Now we leap to the current year, 2050, where President J.J. Brown has
taken office and has become the first black president. Although some
improvement has been made, there is no chance that the US will ever become
as strong as it once was. Moreover, it seems the Communist party is
planning to overthrow the government and take control. I probably will not
be around to see this happen since the life expectancy of humans has
dropped so drastically that I'm nearing the end of my life. So much the
better since all I have to live for is my pet muskrat, Stinky. Yes, you
guessed it, muskrats are the only living species besides humans left on the
planet Earth. Now, the most I can hope for is the day I find a bride, but
no kids for me, I don't want my children to have to live through the
nightmare I have been living for the past 17 years.
