        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Europe's       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Reformation             ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:414   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
           Modern European History: The Reformation

      I believe the statement "The reformation was a rejection of the
secular spirit of the Italian Renaissance" is false because in the long
term of European history, the reformation was able to create a more
humanistic view of the world than that of the Renaissance humanism.  There
are three major changes and philosophies that the Protestants of the
reformation incorporated which led to the long term advancement of
Humanism.  These are the beginnings of "free thought" away church dogma,
the development of Capitalism, and the questioning of religious and
Governmental authorities.

     Before Martin Luther's reformation the church dictated how Christians
teachings should be interpreted, even the reading of the bible was
discouraged.  There also was the "indulgences" issued by the clergy, which
was in essence a "passport to heaven".  This out-raged some people like
Martin Luther who stressed an individual interpretation of the bible, in
books like Freedom of a Christian, stressing salvation by faith alone.
This first division of the church in to Protestant caused many more
religious groups to form on each interpretation of the bible.

     The next important long-term change, Capitalism stemmed from
Calvinism.  Calvinism was a religious movement which believed in the
individuals responsibility to reorganize society according to "God's plan".
Max Weber, the famous German sociologist, in his study The Protestant Ethic
and the Spirit of Capitalism, argued that these ideas led to the
development of Capitalism.  Secular life was able to develop in this
environment.

     The last important change came from thee many people who were not
satisfied with the existing forms of Government and religious authority.
Clergy and royalty were believed to be intermediaries between God and the
common person.  This meant the a king could say God told him anything and
it must be accepted. Martin Luther and many other of the early Protestants
became objects of protest for the groups not satisfied.  In 1525 many of
Martin Luther's followers revolted against the German nobility. These
protestants wrote "We...take it for granted that you will release us from
serfdom as true Christians".  This was the ultimate refutation that led to
the reformation.

     All of this change, from the reformation the entire way of religious
thought changed.  At first, the Protestant Reformation did reject the
secular spirit, but in the long term, the revolting caused individual
thought leading the great changes I described in this essay.  The
Protestant Reformation was a major building block of history, and some
would say our country.
