        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Creative Essay About    ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Midievel Knights        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 10/94  # of Words:1291  School: Prep/All Boys  State: CT
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
 
        Sir Dolan was the greatest king to ever rule England. He was
successful in uniting all of the weak kingdoms under his rule through a
series of glorious campaigns with his army.  Dolan silenced opposing
nobility and aided the peasantry.  In a m atter of years, he was loved  and
respected by those within his kingdom, all swearing allegiance to him.

        However, despite all of his fame and prestige, a dark shadow of
sadness covered the king's face.  No matter how many battles he won or how
many of those in his court praised and thanked him, the blanket of sadness
never disappeared. His onl y love, the beautiful Queen Ariah, had been
taken from him by the evil Sir Francais months earlier .  Sir Francais was
Dolan's most loathed enemy, and during a  battle for supremacy Francais was
able to snatch the lovely Queen Ariah.

        For months Dolan wandered around his castle feeling nothing but
sorrow.  He dare not leave his castle for fear that his enemies were
plotting revenge against him and his kingdom.  On a certain day, Sir Rowa
approached him and asked,"Sir, what bothers you so that you seem to be
flooded with sadness?" "Ah, my brother Rowa, you have heard of Queen
Ariah's kidnapping.  This is what bothers me so. Without her, I am lost."
"Sir Dolan," Rowa replied, "I am ashamed that such a strong and
distinguished warrior as yourself has given up hope of rescuing his
beloved Queen from the evil Sir Francais.  I tell you, Sir, that it is not
for a man of your honor to grieve and feel pity for himself.  I also  tell
you, Sir, to rise up and rescue the queen.  I will protect your castle with
my life while you go in search of Queen Ariah." "You are right, Sir Rowa.
What a fool I have been to allow Sir Francais to go unchallenged for the
actions he has committed.  I thank you, Sir Rowa, and will leave this
castle to go in search of my queen.  I leave you this promise my dear
friend that if I do not rescue the beautiful Queen Ariah, then I will die
trying!." "So be it !" Sir Rowa exclaimed. Early the next morning, Sir
Dolan left the castle in search of the queen.  With him he took his armor.
Upon his shield lay his coat of arms consisting of a black horizontal line,
with three arrows- one  red, another blue and  the third green and pointing
downward.  The red arrow represented blood and the  bravery Dolan showed in
battle.  The blue arrow symbolized honor and his respect towards other
knights. The green arrow, which was the most important resting in the
middle, represented the land and the allegiance to his people and the queen
of his kingdom.   With his shield, Dolan carried only the sword given to
him by his beloved father. As the sun rose over the land, Dolan and his
trusty horse, Lightning, entered the forest, deter mined to return the
queen to her rightful place.

        A short time had passed when Sir Dolan came upon a lovely woman in
the woods.  This lady was so beautiful that she reminded him of Queen
Ariah.  Approaching the woman Sir Dolan spoke, "How do you do my fair
lady?" "Very well, sir, but I beg of you to tell me your name." "I am Sir
Dolan, King of England," he replied. Upon hearing this, the eyes of the
lady sparkled. Sir Dolan noticed this and realized that her sparkling eyes
were  the sign of a witch.  He dismounted Lightning and asked,"How may I
help you my fair lady? I am on my way to rescue Queen Aria h and will
continue on my way if you are in need of  no assistance." "No Sir Dolan.  I
need no help.  However, I offer you this drink to satisfy your thirst  from
your journey." Sir Dolan, knowing her true identity, refused the drink.
"Thank you miss.  However, I need nothing to drink now." "Please, Sir, have
but a sip.  You have ridden far and must be thirsty." "Thank you, but I
must be on my way."

        As Sir Dolan uttered these words, the woman became angry and
transformed herself into an ugly, distorted sorceress. "You are clever, Sir
Dolan, to resist my drink, but you will not be strong enough to stop the
spell I will cast upon you!" she rasped in an evil voice.

        Sir Dolan, a valiant  warrior, drew his sword and thrust it through
the sorceress's heart.  The witch fell to the ground, dead before she could
put her spell on the king. The king sighed, took a deep breath,  mounted
Lightning, and rode off i nto the sunset.

        As the sun rose on the second day of his journey, Sir Dolan arrived
at the castle of his enemy, Sir Francais.  At the entrance of the castle
was a large drawbridge which stretched across  a stream of fast, running
water.  As Sir Dolan crossed, he noticed a guard at the door. "Sir, may I
help you," spoke this large man  who appeared to be stronger than any
warrior Sir Dolan had ever seen.  "I am Sir Dolan, King of England.  Allow
me to enter the castle and speak to your master." "Ah Sir, I have heard
much about you.  I would like very much to challenge you before you enter
the castle." "Very well," the king replied, dismounting his horse. The
warrior ran at him clumsily, flexing his muscles.  Sir Dolan, realizing he
could not defeat a man of this size and physical strength, decided to use
his quickness and agility. As the guard approached, Sir Dolan darted out of
the way and jutted his foot out, tripping the warrior and sending him
hurling into the air.  The man flew off of the bridge and landed in the
raging water below, drifting out of sight.  Sir Dolan fastened Light ning
to the bridge and entered the castle.

        Sir Francais's castle was beautiful.  Throughout the castle were
tapestries, paintings and lovely marble floors. However, the castle had a
damp and musty smell permeating it.   Sir Dolan shouted,"Sir Francais, show
yourself so we may battle!" The shout echoed throughout the castle.

        Within moments Sir Francais appeared with Queen Ariah.  She seemed
more beautiful to the king than ever before.  The shadow of darkness left
Sir Dolan's face and a new spark entered him.  "I thought I heard the voice
of my enemy, Sir Dolan," spoke Sir  Francais. "I see that you have come to
reclaim your queen, but it is too late.  I have claimed her for my own!"
"We shall see," said the king.

        Sir Dolan drew his sword as Sir Francais did the same.  The two
hurled themselves at each other.  The clanging of the metal swords filled
the air.    Both men fought gallantly.  Each man wounded the other to the
point of weakness.  The men be came so weak that they could  barely swing
their swords at one another. However, the hatred between the two drove them
on and on.  Finally, Sir Dolan gained the upper edge and pinned Sir
Francais to the floor. "You fight well Sir Francais. Your ability is almost
superior to mine." spoke Sir Dolan

        With what little strength he had, the king raised his sword  in the
air and thrust it through the chest of Sir Francais, leaving him dead. As
he removed the sword, it dripped with the blood of his enemy. Dolan walked
toward the queen.

        "You are more lovely than ever Queen Ariah." he whispered.  "Thank
you," the queen responded. "Thank you for saving me." "That is my duty. You
are my queen. Let us return to our castle."

        Sir Dolan embraced Queen Ariah.  The two left Sir Francais's
castle, mounted Lightning, and rode off into the forest and into the hearts
of the English people.
