        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [The drug steroids.      ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:540   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

     In the past three decades, steroids has been becoming a serious
problem more than ever in the athletic field. Steroids are anabolic drug
"to build" growth hormones that include the androgens (male sex hormones)
principally testosterone and estrogen and progestogens (female sex
hormones). Steroids were first developed for medical purposes. They're used
in controlling inflammation, strengthening weakened hearts, preventing
conception, and alleviating symptoms of arthritis and asthma. Unfortunately
research has shown that steroids have been abused in almost every kind of
sport. Although steroids contribute to a muscular body, usage should remain
illegal because they physically deteriorate and mentally destroy the body.

     Many people are fascinated about steroids because of their ability to
build up the body. Whether taken by injection or the pill it increases
strength and endurance. Steroids also help in the healing process of
muscular tissue by first injuring them, then the muscles heal quicker
adding more fiber increasing their bulk. Many athletes turn to steroids
more often because they're cheaper then marijuana or cocaine. A ten week
cycle of testosterone cypinate and methandrostone costs only about one
hundred dollars. Steroids are also very hard to trace because of their
water base composition. They can pass through the body within two days. All
these benefits of steroids help an athletes become more competitive and
increase their chance of being a winner. Of course everybody wants better
biceps and triceps but when using steroids to achieve this goal there is a
large price to pay.

     However, steroids should remain illegal because they physically
deteriorate the whole body system. When injected one risks the chances of
developing hematoma and contracting AIDS. In women steroids contribute to
the growth of facial hair, enlargements of the clitoris, shrinkage of the
uterus, sterility, deepening of the voice, decrease in breast size and
irregularity of the menstrual cycle. In men steroids cause shrinkage of the
testicles, decrease in sperm count, sterility, impotence, prostate
enlargement and growth of female breast. In both men and women hair loss,
liver ailments, acne, atherosierosis and cancer are very common. This
dangerous drug shortens the life span up to twenty years and increases the
chance of obtaining diabetes, cardiovascular diseases and hypertension. The
side effects and reactions from enduring anabolic steroids are endless.

     Along with the physical problems there are also mental 54reactions
associated with the usage of steroids. This drug becomes very addictive and
damaging to the mind. It causes violent episodes which an athlete can claim
a legal insanity defense to it. They get so wrapped up psychologically that
the negative effects doesn't matter to them. Research has also discovered
that steroids cause psychotic side effects sometimes referred to as "roid
mania". Along with these are wild aggressive, combative behavior,
depression, listlessness and delusions during and after performance. Even
though the game is over athletes want to continue  competing. Steroids
mentally destroy the brain and ability to reason.

     Overall the usage of steroids is very damaging to the human body. Even
though it physically builds up the body for better performance the risks of
use are enormous. Steroids physically deteriorate and mentally destroy the
body. The usage of steroids provides an unfair advantage to  non-user
athletes and therefore should remain illegal for non-medical use.
                                                            
