        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Forecasting    ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Storms                  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:525   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
============================================================
Haloes Forecast Storms                            NEWSCIENCE
------------------------------------------------------------

    If you know where and when to look, you can treat yourself to a
colourful display of atmospheric haloes, spots and pillars.  These images
can tell you something about the clouds overhead and possible changes in
the weather.
  
    All of these images are created by light shining through cirrostratus
clouds.  These clouds occur at an altitude of 6,000-12,000 metres.  They
appear as a thin sheet or layer (strata) that is pure white.  The layer of
cloud is so thin (only 100-450 metres) that is doesn't obscure the sun or
moon, so you should be able to see your shadow.
  
    Cirrostratus is made of many types of ice crystals. However, four
crystal shapes are responsible for producing most of the commonly see
haloes-plate crystals, columns, capped columns and bullets.
   
    The most obvious halo is found around the sun.  If the layer of
cirrostratus is extensive, you'll see an entire ring.  Within the layer of
cloud, sunlight is striking and passing through the sides of
randomly-oriented ice crystals.  As the sunlight passes through each
crystal, the light changes direction, or refracts.  The radius of the hale
depends on the amount of change in the direction of the sun's light.
Usually this is 22 degrees.  Since the sun is 1/2 of a degree across, the
radius of the halo is 44 sun-widths.  Occasionally you may see a second
halo at 46 degrees from the sun (that is, with a radius of 92 sun-widths).
This is produced by sunlight passing through both the side and bottom of
each crystal.  Moonlight will also produce a halo, around the moon, with
the proper layer of cirrostatus.
   
    Another common optical effect is known as "mock suns" or "sun dogs" or
"parhelia" (Greek for "with the sun"). These bright spots on either side of
the sun, outside of the halo, occur when sunlight passes through the sides
of capped columns, bullets and plate crystals, when these crystals are
arranged with their sides vertical.  The crystals wobble, diffusing and
smearing the colours of the mock sun.

    You can see haloes and mock suns more clearly if you block out your
view of the real sun by holding your hand in front of it at arm's length.
Another spectactular optical effect is the solar pillar.  This is a
vertical shaft of light the same colour as the sun stretching upwards from
the sun and is most often seen at sunset or sunrise.  It's produced by
sunlight reflecting of the base of plate and capped column crystals in the
clouds.  You can also see pillars in an ice fog, when it's illuminated by
streelights, or airport runway lights, for instance.

    The appearance of all these optical images is a good indication that
the weather will change.  Strong vertical air currents associated with low
pressure storms carry moist air skyward, where the water freezes.  High
speed winds above the storm system push the ice crystals on ahead.  When
you see haloes around the sun or moon, you can be sure of two things-there
are cirrostratus clounds above and, in a day or two, the skies will darken
with an approaching storm.
