        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on the Option of  ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Suicide                 ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:539   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
                               Suicide Solution

        I'm about to take up a position which is going to be deamed by
some, if not all, as a terrible stand to take. As a matter of fact, if
anyone were to agree with me on ths subject, I'd be surprsed. For you see,
rather than arguing from the postion of suicide being an unjustified and
inane way to die, I shall argue the other point. That being suicide does
have its merits.

        Before you people start screaming, hear my case out. Most people
argue that nothing justifies the taking of someone's life. Yet what makes
life so valuable? Why do people cling to it so? All we consist of is a
bunch of carbon atoms, bound together to form an exoskeleton, organs, and
tissue. In this light, there really is not much to life. Out of the 5
billion who inhabit the planet, very few of them shall emerge to be true
world leaders. The rest will just lead a mediocre life of work and little
play.

        The taking of ones life can be argued from a populistic view as
well. It makes little sense to preserve life in an over populated world.
True, one less person here on there will not make a large dent. Yet if
everyone who attempts or had attempted suicide were not stopped, the impact
would be noticed.

        Another popular argument for stoppers, people who want to prevent
suicide, is that nothing can be bad enough. Yet how do they know this? They
do not have to put up with the same stuff the suicide victim does everyday.
How could they possibly know what the potential suicide victim feels. Just
as a severely burned victim may wish to be allowed to die in peace, the
suicide victim wishes the same. To die in peace with no argument from
others.

        The argument of "look at the people you will hurt" also does not
hold. Imidiate family members will be the only ones to suffer any great
pain. Friends will go on with thier lives and in time forget about the
death. Imidiate family too will forget the loss in time. Although it will
take most considerably longer for them than it will for friends.

        Finaly, the argument of suicide being selfish is hard to grasp.
Selfish in whose eyes? Certainly not the eyes of the victim. To them, they
consider it selfish of others to try and preserve their life. Again, the
argument of the stoppers don't know what the victim has to go through. They
are not the ones enduring the pain.

        Religious people also crop up into the debate. Catholics claim that
for someone to committ suicide sneds their soul straight to Hell. In many
religions, suicide is considered taboo. However why is this so? Why should
it be looked upon as disgracefull, when some religions claim death the be
the reward for people after their time on earth is done.

        Suicide is an issue which should be examined at by all angles. Not
just from the angle that it is "wrong". End of debate. Rather it should be
looked at from the point of view that "yes" for some people, they should be
allowed to die in peace.
