        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay describing the    ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [duties of a systems     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [analyst.                ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:450   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
SYSTEMS ANALYST

     A Systems Analyst analyses, designs and implements the information
gathered previously to a system, the final product which is a report of
yearly sales, profits, etc.

     The first thing a Systems Analyst does is to interview the company
which wants the report, (called the user) to find out what kind of report
they want, format, etc.  They must find wether the report is feasible or
not, and to find out, they do an analysis of the project.

     To analyze the project, they must find out where are they going to get
the information, how, when is the project going to be done, etc.  They then
design the system, which is to make a 'skeleton' of the project.  They
write specifications, of what is to be in the final report.  They do flow
charting, specifications for the programmers of the report, and development
control.

     Development control is where the Systems Analyst works with the
programmers along a critical path.  A critical path is like a due date, if
the report is to be done in thirty days, the Systems Analyst makes sure the
report is done in thirty days.  The Systems Analyst also follows the first
analysis of when the project will be finished.  The critical path also
calculates how many man hours it will take to finish, etc.  A critical path
flowchart also helps the programmers along.

     After the development is finished and a prototype of the report is
finished, the Systems Analyst helps the programmers in testing the program
for bugs.  This is similar to quality control. The Systems Analyst helps to
makes sure the work is done until the final report is achieved.  Once the
final report is finished and free of bugs, it is sent to the user.

     The Systems Analyst has a big job to do, he/she is responsible for the
design, the development, and implementation of the report, ie: what purpose
will it serve, presentation, etc.  The Systems Analyst creates and helps
finish the final product, making all the specifications and charts for what
is to be done.

     A Systems Analyst requires a computer science degree to get the job.
He/She must have good analytical skills, (to be able to analyze for the
report) good communication skills, and experience in programming is a help
also.

     Basically a Systems Analyst is responsible for systems projects, from
beginning to the end of a project, and they must implement the system to
good use.  The Systems Analyst then must follow up to make sure the program
is running smoothly.
