        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on Business in   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [1920's                  ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:480       School:public          State:NY
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
The National Times Examiner

For 1920's:=> BUSINESS

          The economy of the 1920's centred on the recovery from war.  When
war time industries closed down, and thousands of returning soldiers were
looking for jobs, no jobs and people looking for jobs made for lots of
unemployment.  But by the time the 1920's rolled along, the economy was on
the upswing.  Huge wheat crops in 1925 to 1928 made for huge exports to
other countries.  More and more people began to buy farm machinery when tax
on imported farm machinery was lowered.  Pulp and Paper, which included
newsprint, was second in growing Canadian economy, in terms of exports.
The big american newspapers wanted Canadian pulpwood to produce their
newspapers.  Such large amounts of newsprint was being shipped across the
border that the government had to urge Canadian producers to save some news
print for its own newspapers.  This was just the beginning in the
Americanization of Canada.

          As more and more Canadian exports were being directed into the
United States, the British invested less and less into the Canadian
economy, while the Americans invested more, and more, and more.  More and
more Canadians began to believe in their country again, and more and more
began to invest in various money making systems, such as stocks and bonds,
investing in companies, and even making their own company.  Anyone who had
an idea could make a company to produce it.

          The most powerful business tycoon of the 1920's was Sir Herbert
Holt.  Holt controlled so much of life in Canada, that when someone woke
up, they switched on Holt's lights, cooked their breakfast on Holt's gas,
smoked one of Holt's cigarettes, read the newspaper that was printed on
Holt's paper, went to work on one of Holt's streetcars, sat in an office
heated by Holt's coal, and then at night, went to see a movie at one of
Holt's theatres.  Herbert Holt owned railroads, banks, mines, movie
theatres, factories, anything the mind could imagine.  He had very few
friends, as in his funeral, when there were 8 car fulls of flowers, while
few mourners at his funeral.  The 1920's were truly a time for economic
growth in Canada.
