        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [x]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Business in the Canadian]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [environment             ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: o4/95  # of Words:562   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
     Technological changes today, and in the near future, will be the
greatest influence on Business as we know it. With the development of
computers and robots, the requirements for many industries will fill up
extremely quickly. By having machines to perform complex and monotonous
operations by humans, industries will seek out their aid and most likely
affect the emplyoment rate both ways. There is no question that many
individuals will lose their jobs but at the same time new options will
arise. An example would be the development of the Telstat
Telecommunications satellite which opened the door for many unemployed
citizens who possessed the key ingredient to hold down such a job. This
ingredient would be based upon Toffler's thesis that information is the
most valuable aspect our lives and that wealth is insignificant compared to
the rewards of knowledge. There is an abudance of positions available to
Canadians that cannot be completed by computers (at least, for the time
being) and therefore, our standard of living and quality of life will not
be depleted. Technology will either be the blessing or curse for society in
the future, and depending on the position of our government, will we be
able to make sure that our standard of living does not decrease. The
deficit poses a severe problem in a country littered will such vast natural
resources and a high education level in its populace.

    The presence of inflation in the cost of goods will not profit private
businesses if they are unable to compete with the demand from the public.
With major corporations seeking to gain from an increase in expenditures,
it would become vital for a private business to take advantage of the
situation by lowering their prices to accomodate the flow of income. At the
same token, it is important for private business to avoid depleting their
assets in order to maintain a steady flow of provisions. Without
maintaining a close look at the whole commerce situation in the country, it
is doubtful that the private business will be able to cope in the vast
competitive market.

    The political system in Canada will eventually decide the fate of
business in the country. Since Canada is under the philosophy pertaining to
Democratic Socialism, it seems unlikely that a significant change will
occur in the next few decades. Our capitalisitic roots will help us stay
competitive and the market will flourish. The current party in power
(Tories) will aid the increasing competition if they can maintain their
position, however this seems unlikely as the New Democratic Party are more
concerned with the welfare of the people in general (therefore, more
socialistic).

    I believe that Business in the Canadian environment is escalating at a
rate that will eventually see our products of Technology forcing us out of
an occupation. By the year 2000, with an ominous deficit and pestering
recession still taking its toll, major companies and corporation will find
themselves replacing the knowledge and education a person with the
consistency and accuracy of a machine. This will cause the unemployment
rate to soar, our welfare situation to worsen and our quality of live to
regress. I believe that unless our government can 'Grab the bull by the
horns' and solidify our political and economic situation, this country will
fall into a scenario that will see our valuable socialism crumble beneath
our feet.
