        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on US politics   ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [and foriegn policy.     ]
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:660   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

Letter to the editor, Re: American Reluctance

          After decades of so called healthy, democratically provoked
American military intervention in Central America, why is it the U.S. is
reluctant to invade Haiti and restore the popular, and of course,
democratically elected president, Jean-Bertrand Aristide?

          What is Mr. Aristide?  Basically, he is a social democrat, who
has seen and is dedicated to helping the poor.  He was attempting to
improve the lives of the indigent Haitians through some redistribution of
wealth and land reform, which are initiatives abhorred by all previous, and
maybe following, U.S. administrations.  What of George Bush?  You could say
that these are totally incompatible with the so called "new world order"
planned out by Mr. Bush.

          With some other Central American countries in mind, we should be
looking out for the intervention of the American CIA, which could show yet
another example of American intervention to topple elected governments
which do not fit to their standards or liking.

Letter to the Editor, Re: How would Quebec's separation affect
us?

          Watching the crumbling situation in Quebec, (almost crumbling
literally, due to Olympic Stadium, the billion dollar fizzle) it is
interesting to think what would happen if they did separate?  Would
Canadians be in too bad a mood to negotiate with Quebec if they separated?
Question is, would they negotiate at all?  If Quebec did separate, the
border ramifications would be just astronomical, trade routes would be
chopped off, and a whole number of other things just too much to explain.

          Reading an article about a speech that external affairs minister
Joe Clark was presenting jogged my mind a bit.  Talking about the serious
costs if Quebec separated, such as the free trade treaty with the U.S., I
thought what about a new economic union. Would Canada sit and negotiate one
with Quebec?  Answering all these questions was Mr. Clark in his speech.
Most of us haven't heard it, more or less heard of it.   But it brings home
a shocking message: What if they did separate?

          Do you really care?  Do you care if it only affects  you
directly?  Do you just pay your taxes and parking tickets, shut up and go
about your daily business, as usual, without thinking one thing about where
the your company, in which you are employed, is? What if the head office is
in Quebec?  Does it affect you directly? Or will you just shrug it off and
go reach for your unemployment check?  THINK about it!  It won't just be
business as usual after separation.


Letter to the editor, Re: P.E.I. distinct?

          "P.E.I. tells unity hearing it's a distinct society, too."  More
people wanting this little two word, huge affect sentence pasted onto their
province.  Island politicians argued that their tiny size and unique
geography makes them a distinct society.  What bout the Territories?  Do we
live in igloos?  Do we catch whales and seals to live on?  And what of the
people in P.E.I.!  We musn't forget them, the people who  eat potatoes,
like we do, live in houses, like we do.  Geography?  Is P.E.I. more
isolated than the Northwest Territories?  If anyone should be a distinct
society, the native people of Canada should, the people that were here
before the people who thought of the word Quebec, and before Prince Edward
was here to have an island named after him.
