        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Report on a line in the ]
 [ ]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [bible that refered to   ] 
 [x]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [victory.                ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 07/94  # of Words:622   School:Public          State:NY   
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ

                            VICTORY!!

     "It is finished!" John 19:30.  What Christ is referring to here is the
accomplished salvation of the people.  What that means is that when we are
saved, we do not have to put out burnt saccrifices up to Him.  It is no
longer needed because Christ died for us, which took away the iniquities of
our sin.  He did this out of great love for us.  This is exemplified in
John 3:16 "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotton son
that who so ever belief in him shall have eternall life!".  That verse is
very important to us, or should be, because in a way, one could base
his/her relationship with the Lord upon it.  The reason is because God
loved us so much that he did that for us so that is the least that we could
do.  In Genesis 3:15 it says that we will be punished for our sins.  Yes,
that is true, but God will forgive and forget them if we repent.  You see
this is not possible without Jesus dying for our sins.  In Romans 5:6-8 it
says that Christ died for all of us.  Even the bad ones, ALL.  This is a
sign of the Victory that Christ had won a victory here.  The reason is
because of all of the lifes that he saved and will later be saved.  In
Romans 5 it says that Jesus died for All Sinners!  We are all sinners so
his death was for all.

     When Jesus says that "It is finished", he can also be reffering to the
older predictions of Christs' life.  There is one in particular that it
might have been talking about in Isaiah. That is the one in which Isaiah
talks of the life of Jesus and the crusifiction, in very short and brief
detail.

     The suffering in which Jesus took for us lasted all through the night,
and then in the morning the thrusted a sword into His side to see if he was
alive.  After the water poored out of His side, you can say that it is
officially over.  In my heart it is not completely over, just that of that
era.  Jesus will always live in my heart and not until the very end times
is it over in my heart.
  
     When the life of Jesus was over, at the same exact time God tore the
cloth in the temple from the top to the bottom.  The reason it had to have
been God is that no one would be capable of tearing it from the top.  This
was to show the wrath of God that He had upon the world at this time.  I am
sure that He felt bad for His son for having to go through all of this.
God loved the world so much that He did this for us though.  We should all
acknowledge the fact that is the reason for the crucifiction.

     This little message actually means a whole lot to me.  I feel that
when he said that "It is finished", he was reffering to the fact that we no
longer have to sacrifice.  I believe that this is a very strong statement
to believers, that they would acknowledge the love and a lesson to the
non-Christians that they would possibly just think about it a little and
maybe they will also think a little more about how they are living their
life.  I feel that we all DO fall short of the glory of God, but we a
supposed to do the best we can to be more and more like Him.   I love my
lord with all my heart and will continue to my whole life.
