        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on Europe's       ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [Congress of Vienna      ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 11/94  # of Words:475   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
               Modern European History Essay #7

     The Congress of Vienna, the organizing conference of coalition against
Napoleon and France, was a major building block in the future of Europe for
years to come.  The Conservative Political and Social views of the leaders
of the time lead to a successful peace settlement to end this Napoleonic
era.

     The first act to end Napoleon's rule was to create some new unity
after the coalition had marched in Paris and defeated Napoleon.  Each
country was beginning to pursue their own interests and drift apart from
establishing a method to prevent the power in France from ever growing to
such a magnitude again. The British foreign secretary Robert Stewart
(Viscount Castereagh) brought about the Treaty of Chaumont, restoring the
Bourbon Dynasty from France's past.  It was then decided for all allies to
remain at peace until there was a reorganization of land that was to be
laid out during a Congress of Vienna, to be held on September of 1814.

     Much of the organizing in the Congress of Vienna was not difficult.
The Kingdom of Netherlands was established, adding Belgium and Genoa.
Prussia received land along the Rhine river(a protection against a future
French threat).  Austria was given much of Northern Italy.  The only
conflict came when the control of Eastern Europe came to the table.
Alexander I of Russia was firm in that he wanted all of Poland under his
rule, Austria was not willing to give up it's share of Poland either, and
Prussia was interested in the land of Saxony.  This conflict came to it's
height and there was even the fear that a new war might erupt over the
control of these lands.  This was changed by the clever Talleyrand, who
represented France, he suggested that Austria and England might ally
themselves to take the land that was up for debate.  Under fear, Prussia
and Russia both gave in and there was an equal distribution of land.

     The coalition was further allied when Napoleon made an attempt at
taking it all back.  Napoleon returned and immediately seized power,
because the French army was still loyal to him. This surprise drove the
coalition mad and Napoleon was declared an international outlaw and was
soon defeated in Waterloo in 1815.  Napoleon was exiled to the island of
Saint Helena to die, and a new peace was confirmed in Europe.

     The Congress of Vienna was successful in achieving the goals it set
out for.  It wanted to prevent to nightmare that Napoleon created from ever
reoccurring in France and it wanted to organize a peaceful settlement of
land in the after effects of the era. The ultimate test of the peace
brought to Europe was the ability to keep an intact land deal that stayed
intact for about half a century, and no general war for over a century.
