        ммммммммммммм                            ммм           мммм
     мллллллллплпппппллм       ммппппмммм млм  мллллллллмммммлпп плл
    пллллллллллллллм  плл   млллмллммм   пллллм плллллллмллмммллн лп
        пппллллллллллм он  лллллллллллпплмоллл    лллллм    пплллоп
Mo.iMP  мллм  плллллллнл  оллллллллл    олллл     олллллн      плп
      мллллллл  ллллллллн оллллллллн     ллл       лллллл
     млллллллн  олллллллл олллллллл       п        оллллллм   мл
    млллллллн    лллллллл  ллллллллн               оолллллллллп
   млплллллл мм  ллллллллн ллолллллн               оллллллпп
  млпллллллмллллмолллллллл ол пллллл           м   лнллллл             м
 мл оллллллллллп  ллллллллл плм  плллмм    ммлллп ол олллн         ммлл
лл   ллллллллп    ллллллллллм плм  пплллллллллп мммп ллллмммммммлллллп
 плм   млллп       пллллллллллм  ппмм ппмллпп  пллм   ппплплллллллпп
    ппппп                ппллп      ппппп        ппппппппппппп
          ARRoGANT                CoURiERS      WiTH     ESSaYS

Grade Level:       Type of Work           Subject/Topic is on:
 [ ]6-8                 [ ]Class Notes    [Essay on World War II   ]
 [x]9-10                [ ]Cliff Notes    [                        ]
 [ ]11-12               [x]Essay/Report   [                        ]
 [ ]College             [ ]Misc           [                        ]

 Dizzed: 12/94  # of Words:799   School: ?              State: ?
ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>Chop Here>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ>ФФФФФФФФФ
Essay on
World War 2

     War is one of the most tragic things in our world today.  It is even
sadder that usually it comes around at least once in our lifetime.  In the
20th century alone we have already had two huge wars.  These wars were call
the World Wars simply because they involved most of the big countries of
the world.  Many people have died in these wars.. especially the second
World War.  That is my focus for this essay.

     The leader of Germany at the time of WW2 and the person who most think
started WW2 was a man named Adolf Hitler.  Adolf Hitler was born in
Austria.  By the time that World War 1 started in 1914, he was living in
Germany.  He served well in the German Army and for that he earned a medal
for bravery.  At the end of the war Hitler decided to take up politics.  By
1921 he was already the founding leader of the Nazi party.  Hitler was an
incredibly racist man and he had a great hate for Jews.  By 1933, Hitler
gained political power by winning the election.  Soon after he made himself
absolute dictator, calling himself the Fuhrer which means "Leader".  By the
end of the 30's he was already sending Jews off too concentration camps to
meet a horrible death.

     I believe that Hitler was one of the greatest causes of World War 2.
Although there are many other reasons, he was definitely one of them.
Another reason was the Treaty of Versailles.  This was the treaty that was
signed at the end of World War 1.  This treaty outlined the rules that
Germany must follow because of their defeat by Britain and France.  Many
Germans were angered by the treaty, for most of the rules in the treaty
were unfair and Germany lost a great amount of wealth.  One of the cruelest
reasons for the war was Hitler's racist hate for Jews.  He would send them
off in cattle cars to places called concentration camps were they would be
slaughtered by the thousands.

     World War 2 was huge and involved a lot of countries.  There were
thousands of battlefronts and warsites.  The two main battlefronts were the
battle front between Britain and Germany and the battlefront between the
Japanese and the Americans.  These battlefronts were split up into smaller
battlefronts even still.  Many lives were lost in the air, on land and in
the sea.  Some of the most notable battles were: The Battle of Britain, The
Battle of Midway and The Battle of the Atlantic.

     Since the US and Canada were at war with the Japanese, Japanese
Canadians were treated very poorly.  The government had decided that all or
most Japanese Canadians, even if they were born in Canada had either go
home or go and live in one of the camps. These camps were made to keep all
the Japanese Canadians together in one location.  But the fact was that
these camps were very dirty and not fair treatment.  Also, the government
took away all Japanese possessions and without the Japanese knowing, they
were auctioned off at a fraction of their original value!  This treatment
went on for all of World War 2 and Japanese Canadians were not treaty
fairly for many years after.  Just recently the government of Canada has
decided to pay compensation for their losses but most agree that it doesn't
even come close to what they lost.

     One of the greatest outcomes of the war was the great world power
shift.  For more than a century Great Britain had been the wealthiest and
most powerful nation in the world.  But they used up too many resources in
the wars and their status greatly decreased.  One person even wrote that it
is not Great Britain any more... it is just Britain.  People all over the
world suffered through this war.  Hundreds of thousands of people died.
All for the sake of their countries.  And you know what?  No one actually
gained anything from it. The fact is that all of the countries (excluding
the US) lost much, much more than what they gained.  Britain lost their
power, France lost lives and land, Germany lost everything and Japan lost
thousands of civilians in their suicidal attacks called Kamikazes.

     In my opinion the war was a total waste.  Although some people will
tell you that we fought and gained the peace that we have today and have
had for almost fifty years.  People fought for 5 years and lost more than
50 billion dollars.  Do think it was worth it?  Now, maybe if governments
use the past as a guide to the future we won't have to fight such a bloody
battle ever again.  Especially with nuclear weapons so easily obtainable.
