
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                                              ÜÛÛÛÜ
                                               ßßß
         ÜÛÛÛÛÛÛÛ ÛÛÛÜ   ÜÛÛÛÜ  ÛÛÛ ŞİÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜ  [Pred 94]
         ÛÛÛ   ÜÜÜ  ŞÛÛ ÛÛß ßÛÛ ÛÛÛŞ  ÛÛÛ ÛÛÛ ÜÜÜ ŞÛÛ  ÜÛÛ  ŞÛÛ
         ÛÛ²   ÛÛ²   Û²ŞÛ²   ÛÛ²ŞÛ²Şİ ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ²  ÛÛ²   Û²
         ÛÛ²   ÛÛ²  ÜÛ²ŞÛ²   ÛÛ²ŞÛ² Û ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ² ÛÛ²  ÛÛ²  ÜÛ²
         ÛÛ± ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛß ÛÛ±   ÛÛ±ŞÛ± ŞİÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛÛÛ±ŞÛÛÛÛÛß
         ÛÛ±   ŞÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ±   ÛÛ±ŞÛ±  ÛŞÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ± ÛÛ±  ÛÛ± ÛÛ±
         ÛÛ°   ÛÛ°  ÛÛ° ÛÛÜ ÜÛ± ÛÛ°  ŞŞÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ°  ßÛ°  ÛÛ°
         ÛÛ°   ÛÛ°   ÛÛ° ßÛÛÛß  ÛÛ°   ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛ° ÛÛÛÛÛ°Ş°   ÛÛ°

                    C O N S O L E    M A G A Z i N E
                FRoNTiER magazine is (c) copyright 1994

                               March 1994
                         EDiTOR: Gordon Craick

3Do  ş  Jaguar  ş  Genesis  ş  CD-i  ş  CD32  ş  GenesisCD  ş  Super Nintendo
                         and all other consoles
 ÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ

                           iNDEX TO iSSUE #1
                           *******/\********
Welcome
Feedback

News:
* Neo Geo 2 to be released
* Cartridge carousel for Genesis
* Sega's CDX to be out in early March
* Atari's Jaguar, a serious contender

Features:
* The Asian Connection - Part 1
* The inside specs on the Atari Jaguar
* 1994 - The year of console?
* 1994-1997: A Timeline of the console industry
* Glossary of Frontier/video game terms

Editorial/Opinion:
* Has Nintendo left things too late?

Reviews:
* Super Mario All-Stars

The Cheater's Den
Trading

Support sites/distribution
How *YOU* too can help out Frontier
How to contact Frontier
Credits/Thanx

        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

         úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
            ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
            ÛÛ Û ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛ   ÛÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛŞÛİÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ
            ÛÛ Û ÛÛŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛ   ßÛ    ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛßßß
         °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİ
         úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú

....ONE and all, now prepare for FRONTIER! First of all, before I get 
things rolling, I would like to greatly thank those who have given their 
support, comments and advice since I announced my intentions of starting 
the magazine. Even though I had a fair idea of the direction I wished 
Frontier to take, feedback has greatly helped me to decide what YOU as 
the reader want to see, and that which you don't. Frontier will
continue to welcome this feedback, and plans on being able to adapt to 
such input as we see fit. No comment will be ignored, and Frontier will 
always welcome both positive and negative criticism.
   For those who have received Frontier having never heard of it before, 
I'll go over some of the things that this magazine will try and achieve 
and what could be referred to as the 'Frontier Philosophy'. What 
Frontier hopes to do is clear up much of the misconception, and 
misinformation that all too often circulates the consumer console 
market. We hope to combine all of the positive things that occur in the 
console newsgroups and elsewhere, such as intelligent debate, criticism, 
information, game/hardware reviews, the latest news, and anything else 
which is of interest to those who own, or are interested in consoles.
Frontier also hopes to interview some console developers at some time 
during the future to provide direct feedback from the industry itself. 
There are quite a few other electronic magazines which you may be well 
aware of, but I feel that there are many ways in which these magazines 
could be improved, and there are many things that you will see in 
Frontier that you would unlikely find in these. Coverage will be more 
complete, covering just about all consoles that may exist today or in 
the future with information that is both balanced, but at the same time 
not dry and uninteresting. The main philosophy of Frontier is a magazine 
that "aims to compete with, but to co-exist with other publications". 
Frontier won't stoop to stupid petty-talk and competitive banter because 
mainly we feel that such actions don't really help anyone. We will 
listen to feedback and negative criticism keenly, but any petty talk 
will largely be ignored. The great thing about an electronic magazines 
is that there is no compulsive *need* to be competitive, it is not as if 
we will be fighting for profits or anything like that. Since the 
magazine (and other electronic mags) are entirely free, you can afford 
to read two or more of these to gain the maximum amount of information 
and coverage of the console scene. If you want fancy reviews and 
hundreds of pretty screen-shots, fine, there are plenty of 
'off-the-shelf' magazines which have the resources to maintain such a 
format, so if you like the mostly pictures, and little words type, 
Frontier certainly doesn't discourage you from shelling out your money 
for them. Frontier intends to offer mature comment and debate, and tries 
to stay clear of being just a little kiddie's mag. The fact is the of 
the matter is that the gaming industry is no longer one entirely for 
those under 14 years of age, but now reaches out to a much wider market 
(but more of that later in Frontier).
   All that you read in Frontier will be contributed purely for the
satisfaction of knowing that their article or opinion may be 
read or replied to right across the world. In this way Frontier will try 
and remain as independent as possible, not covering one console overly 
more than another because we are paid to do so. Frontier welcomes any 
comment on what we publish, and in following issues may follow up or 
reply to feedback on a certain topic or article. Anything is really open 
for comment and that is what Frontier is hoping for and in the words of 
Marty Chinn: "at last, a magazine for the people". Your opinions will 
largely shape Frontier, if you want something included, or *don't* 
approve of some aspect, let me know and the magazine can hopefully adapt 
to this.
   You have probably had enough of reading all of this, but at least you
now know now where Frontier stands for and what it hopes to provide in 
existing. I could comment for quite a bit more, but I'll let the 
magazine do all of the commentary for you. To use a cliche' for lack of 
better thought, happy reading!

* Unfortunately, I have been experiencing some email problems in the 
last few weeks, so it appears as if lots of mail has gone missing. If 
you haven't heard back from me, it is most likely a result of this. Try 
contacting me again, and any material you might have ready can be put in 
Frontier's April edition. Things have not suffered too badly, but there 
are a lot less reviews that I would have wanted.

              Gordon Craick (Editor -> FRONTiER magazine)
                          < March 1st, 1994 >

        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

                 úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
                    ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
                    ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜÜ
                    ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ Û ÛÛİßßßßÛÛ
                 °±²ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                 úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
Frontier's regular news section. News will be covered as fairly and as 
concisely as possible, and will not be including anything that can't be 
substantiated, without saying so. Rumours will described as such, and if 
they later turn out to be factual, Frontier will update it accordingly. 
If you believe you have some news which you think it is hot, please send 
it in and help contribute. There is lots of news to talk about this 
month, but only those news items which are in some way important will be 
covered.

   NEO GEO '2' TO BE RELEASED
   ************/\************
   AFTER the largely unsuccessful home version of SNK's NeoGeo console, 
   SNK is gearing up for the release of their second generation unit the 
   NeoGeo '2' (the actual name is a little sketchy). The NeoGeo unit was 
   the first to offer actual arcade games to the home consumer, though 
   never really took off due to the expensive software prices. SNK has 
   stated that the second generation NeoGeo will be similar to the first 
   generation, offering 24 bit processing, medium-high resolution, 
   thousands of colours, large cartridge storage capabilities, but this 
   time with the addition of a massive 7 megabytes (yes, megaBYTES) of 
   RAM and a CD-ROM. SNK has also announced that they will be heavily 
   reducing software prices from around the $130-$150 mark to around 
   $60-$70 to compete with today's home market. The NeoGeo is 
   technically not a bad machine and offers some good games, but has it 
   left it too late to contest against units such as the Jaguar and 3DO? 
   Most previous NeoGeo games have been developed inhouse at SNK - which 
   has been little limiting in the quality and variety of games. 
   Frontier believes that other developers may be enticed to develop on 
   the machine to reach the mass market. The NeoGeo '2' will be released 
   mid to late 1994.

   CARTRIDGE CAROUSEL FOR GENESIS
   **************/\**************
   YOU'RE probably all aware of the CD carousel units which have been 
   available in the audio market for a few years now, allowing several 
   CD's to be rotated according to the user's needs - negating the need 
   to change CD's all the time. Now you can purchase a similar device 
   for your Genesis, allowing up to six separate cartridges to be 
   rotated automatically and inserted into your machine. Sounds a little 
   gimmicky, and probably is, but for those who are rapidly changing 
   cartridges it *may* come in useful. The cartridge carousel device 
   costs carries a RRP of $49.99 and is available soon in most major 
   stores.

   32 BIT PC ENGINE DUE OUT SOON
   *************/\**************
   NEC's PC Engine has received mixed reaction from the worldwide market 
   since initial release early in late 1987. The Engine was according to
   many, a long way ahead of its time by offering capabilities way above
   that of the other consoles of time such as the NES and Master System 
   - maybe *too* ahead of its time. Although it offered only an 8 bit 
   processor, it had a very 16 bit look about it, offering lots of 
   colours and some very decent special effects. NEC the very first to 
   market an addon CD-ROM drive to its machine back in 1988, and 
   although it wasn't anything spectacular, was the first of its kind - 
   the PC Engine games have had the most CD titles of any machine ever 
   since. Despite this, the unit never took off anywhere other than 
   Japan, where it is quite popular with millions sold. NEC released a 
   version of the PC Engine in the US in 1990, and then tried various 
   tricks to entice the market there, though none of them really worked. 
   It sold a couple of million units, but compared to the SNES and 
   Genesis, very little. Since 1987, nine(!) different versions of the 
   PC Engine have been released, including a (full colour) compatible 
   handheld version - many believe that this still is the best handheld 
   unit available.
      Hoping to continue capturing the Japanese, and maybe truly 
   worldwide markets, NEC has developed the PC Engine 'Tetsujin'. The 
   Tetsujin has been in the works for quite a while (since at least 
   1991), and release dates have constantly being pushed back. Exact 
   technical details are a little quiet from NEC - Frontier believes 
   this may be because *some* aspects of the Tetsujin are not quite as 
   technically attention grabbing as many of the new consoles. What NEC 
   *has* announced is that the Tetsujin will contain a 25mhz RISC 
   processor, 24 bit colour, possibly PC Engine compatibility, plus five 
   custom chips, compressed FMV capabilities, and a decent CD drive to 
   match - which puts it right up there. Developer support is *fair* 
   comprising mostly of NEC inhouse, the large Japanese 
   software/hardware firm Hudsonsoft, and previous other PC Engine 
   developers. Frontier feels that this unit may take off *very* well in 
   Japan and some Asian countries, maybe instead of the western designed 
   and largely supported Jaguar or 3DO. A wider capture of the market 
   may be difficult. A combined Japanese/US launch for the new 32 bit PC 
   engine seems likely in around two months (April/May). It won't be 
   long however until we can all get to see whether NEC's Tetsujin (a 
   name change likely for the US) can compete with the likes of the 
   Jaguar, 3DO, and eventually the Saturn. You can be sure that Frontier 
   will be expanding PC Engine support if it does. Release price will be 
   around $300.

   SEGA's CDX TO BE OUT EARLY MARCH
   ***************/\***************
   SEGA's original addon unit for the Genesis has been out for around a 
   year now, but is not yet selling anything like Sega had predicted. To 
   try and combat this slump, Sega will be releasing a combined 
   Genesis/SegaCD machine, named the CDX. Many would have probably 
   remembered talk about the 'WonderMega' before the SegaCD addon was 
   released, and despite the supposed cancellation of the WonderMega, 
   the CDX appears to be the very incarnation of the same unit.
      The CDX technically is no different to a separate Genesis and 
   SegaCD unit linked together, but offers an overall neater styling and 
   some extra features which may make it more attractive to the 
   consumer. Discs will be compatible in every way, so neither 
   developers or consumers can feel cheated by this move. Some of the 
   additional features include the ability to carry the CDX as a 
   'Discman' type arrangement, making it attractive as a portable CD 
   player as well as a CD games machine. Also included is the Genesis 6 
   button controller, which now looks like becoming the standard for 
   Genesis games. Software such as Sonic CD, Ecco CD, and the Sega 
   ClassicsCD is included to attract interest. All up the CDX will cost 
   $399.99 and should be available in the US in the coming week or so at 
   most console stores. Sega's CDX will be available in Europe, the UK 
   and Australia in around April/May.

   ATARI'S JAGUAR - A SERIOUS COMPETITOR
   *****************/\******************
   THE Atari 64 bit Jaguar was officially released in the United States 
   in early January, and so far most things look promising. General 
   reaction is that of a serious competitor offering a price that is 
   amazing for such a powerful machine, both from the industry and the 
   general public. Such evidence was seen at the CES, where many 
   developers (and even some rivals) were approaching Atari for 
   development information, and test units, etc. Even though there has 
   been a fair amount of petty bickering between the 3DO and Jaguar 
   camps, it is clear that the $250 Jaguar is aimed at the standard 
   SNES/Genesis consumer, while the $650 3DO aims to compete in the 
   upper end of the market (for the moment anyway).
      Atari, while unwilling to commit firm sales figures has stated that
   the Jaguar is selling better than some of their expectations. Word is 
   that the sales have reached around 200,000 units in the US (release 
   in other countries is imminent) in the first few months of release 
   which is very healthy. Around 50-60 developers are already signed up 
   for the Jaguar (including many big names), and around 60-70 games are 
   in development.
      Atari stock has risen and fallen since release which may worry 
   some consumers, but it is nothing dramatic, which tends to suggest 
   the majority of investors feel comfortable with their investment(s). 
   Most of these fluctuations seem due to some inaccurate reports from 
   the media.
      Extensive advertising is being targeted at the consumer in the coming
   months to try and convince you to purchase the Jaguar, both in 
   magazines, television and other forms of media - you can expect to 
   see and hear a lot more of the unit from all round, including here in 
   Frontier.

   OTHER NEWS
   ****/\****
   - There are *rumours* that Silicon Graphics has pulled out of Nintendo's
   'Project Reality'. If this is in fact true, Nintendo looks to be real 
   trouble in a few years time. Frontier has yet been able to verify or 
   lay to rest this claim and is still researching the matter, so take 
   it as you will.

   - Sega has reportedly approached Microsoft to build the operating 
   system for their new 32 bit Saturn. Nothing has been finalised yet 
   but if the deal is successful, the Saturn looks like being a very 
   strong competitor to the 3DO and Jaguar. False rumours are running 
   wild about the Saturn's capabilities, especially in the Asian media 
   (not surprisingly) but the specifications don't look like being much 
   different to what you might have read a few months ago.

   - StarFox 2 (or StarWing in some countries) is currently in 
   development according to Nintendo. Enhancements over the first 
   Starfox include: split screen action, enhanced polygons, shading, and 
   texture mapping using Nintendo's largely enhanced FX2 chip, plus a 
   reported faster game play, and possibly other additions. Frontier's 
   opinion is that when compared to the Jaguar and Cybermorph, the FX 
   chips capabilities and the prospect of FX games no longer looks as 
   exciting as it once did only six months ago.

   - The 3DO company is currently proposing the 3DO II standard which 
   will likely mean 3DO-2 units out in 1996. While being backward 
   compatible with today's 3DO games, the clock speed is expected to be 
   doubled, plus other changes. Any other further talk that you might 
   have heard is purely speculation, as the proposal is still just that.

   - Sanyo's 3DO unit is still in the final stages of development. A 
   preview was shown at the Winter CES show, although it is not expected 
   to be released until the 2nd half of this year due to extensive 
   testing. The differences between Sanyo's and Panasonic's 3DO units is 
   that the Sanyo 3DO will feature a single chip processor, slightly 
   slicker unit, plus a cheaper price tag. Despite many reports that 
   have been constantly surfacing (E_M), Sanyo and AT&T's versions of
   the 3DO have NOT been cancelled and are proceeding as planned.

   - Commodore has announced 700,000 sales worldwide of their CD32 unit 
   since release. This seems highly exadurated, and the actual figure 
   seems likely to even 1/4 of that.

   - According to 3DO, around 550 developers have so far obtained 3DO 
   licenses. Of that, 187 have purchased development kits - so expect 
   around 90-120 3DO titles in the next year.


       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
       °±²ÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
          ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÜÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜŞÛÛÜÜÜÜ
          ÛÛÛÛ ŞÛÛßßßŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛßßß ßßßßÛÛ
          ÛÛ   ŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛ  ÛÛİ ÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú

THE ASiAN CONNECTION - Part 1
************/\***************
/\ Tim Wenas

Whew! Just arrived from the Asian regions... visiting Bali, Jarkarta, 
Kuala Lumpur (KL, in Malaysia) and Singapore. The games scene is going 
strong as ever there, just about all children being familiar with video 
games. A short description of each place I visited.

BALI: Great to relax, but don't go there for any video games hardware 
and software. Cheap clothes, if you can find any large enough for you to 
wear.

JAKARTA, INDONESIA: I spent most of my holidays here, and found it is 
the best place to go shopping for electronics, overall. As long as you 
know where to go (I recommend Panchoran (Chinatown) in central Jakarta. 
It's about eight stories of small shops, nearly all of which sell video 
games or computers. Truly Heaven! Not for the faint-hearted or 
claustrophobic - the aisles between the shops are less than a metre 
wide.) SNES and Genesis machines are about 1/3 to half the price they 
are here. Genesis games start from $10, SNES games from about Au$25. 
Knowing the language can help greatly, as you can pay up to five times a 
local would if you don't! DBUs (Disk Backup Units) are harder to find, 
but they are definitely available here, and piracy in Asia is as rife at 
it has ever been. The price isn't as good as from Hong Kong or Taiwan, 
but still cheaper than here. Games there ranged from the popular 
Dragonball Z II, SF2 Turbo, Turtle Tournament Fighters, and an 
interesting one was the new Nintendo Super FX car racing game, where you 
control a dune buggy. New releases cost about 70,000R, approximately 
$35. My Conclusion? Great for shopping, but other problems such as 
pollution and flooding doesn't help in these areas!

KUALA LUMPUR, MALAYSIA: Malaysia is *much* cleaner than Jakarta, but 
video games are more expensive. For PC software, the latest releases are 
about $7 (most likely pirated versions). It seems to me like all the shops
pirate stuff for you... Kuala Lumpur, good for PC stuff, but console 
games/hardware is more expensive than Jakarta, but still cheaper than 
here!

SINGAPORE: This is the place where you can't spit, chew gum, walk across 
the street etc, or be fined $500 (or both). However, it's the cleanest 
place I've ever seen, and the air even seems cleaner than many places I 
have visited! Unfortunately, the high cost of living translates into a 
higher cost of goods, but the goods are about the most up-to-date you can
get. For example, Iron Helix (a PC CD-ROM game) has been released most 
places for about three months and sells for about $70. In Singapore the 
game is about seven months old and sells for $30. The console games are 
all recent, but cost about 50% more than Jakarta. Console hardware costs 
about 50% of the price here.

Overall? The Asian gaming scene is a lot cheaper if you know where to
look. (Gordon - but piracy is also a big problem, this may worry some 
and be good news for others.)

Here are some hints for shopping in Asia in general:

1) Don't shop at big department stores, ground level stores with a view 
of the street and are usually are air-conditioned. All these stores pay 
big bucks for the comfort, and that'll come out in their prices. Stick 
to small stores in out-of-the-way places if you want the cheapest goods 
you can find.

2) If you don't speak the language, or are obviously a foreigner (which 
will be a problem for most, unless you are Asian yourself), you'll 
probably pay more than the locals. Bargain as hard as possible, and as 
long as you pay less than you would here you're getting a good deal. At 
first, a guy wanted 100,000R for a Gameboy 50-in-1 cartridge. I got him 
down to 50,000R, about $20 but a local probably would have got it for 
40,000R.

Places to go...

In Jakarta: Panchoran (Chinatown). The best place to go for computer and 
console wares. Try International Trade Centre as well, but there are far 
less shops. The prices are slightly cheaper, you can get many cheap 
games if you look.

Malaysia: Imbi Plaza in central Kaula Lumpur. Not too much console 
goods, maybe five shops, but plenty of shops selling computer software, 
from NEC Versa notebooks to pirated software. I would have liked an 
Advanced Gravis Ultrasound for $150, but I didn't have the dough... 
There are probably more places but I didn't spend long here.

Singapore: Sim Lim Square. Absolutely HUGE! Some places more expensive 
than here, however, spend at least a day here and you'll find a bargain 
guaranteed. How about a Creative Labs Video Blaster for $220?

So there's a brief documentary on the actual shopping for consoles in 
Asia. See my next article in issue #2 of FRONTIER for specific details 
about consoles and those available in Asia...

---> GC's comments: Asia seems to be *the* place for just about all 
types of console and other software. It seems that if you can bargain 
hard and at least have a basic understanding of the local customs and 
language you will have a definite advantage. At the very least, this 
article should give you a good idea on what to expect, and things to 
look out for. As you can probably make out, piracy is pretty (well very) 
common in Asia, maybe 50% of software is in fact not authorised by the 
publishers. It is really up to the individual as to what they might 
choose to buy and not buy. Another point to remember that each piece of 
software you bring in from another country (especially if purchased from 
an Asian country), may be scrutinised by customs. You may also have to 
pay various duties depending on the amount of goods you are going to be 
bringing into your country. Of course this will vary between different 
countries, but I know that in the United States the computer game 
industry is pressing for a greater control on imported software - 
especially that coming in from Asia. If you have any questions or 
feedback for Tim regarding the Asian markets, let me know and I will 
gladly pass them on to him.


THE INSiDE SPECS ON THE ATARI JAGUAR
***************/\*******************
THIS the first of a series of articles on the technical specifications
of the new 32 bit+ that have recently entered the market. I am hoping to 
cover the 3DO, CD32, and probably the GenesisCD & CD-i units in future 
issues. This month Atari's 64 bit Jaguar gets the look over technically. 
This information has been compiled from a number of sources, including 
the technical specs from Atari themselves, and various information 
floating around the internet. Therefore some of it may be a bit 
exadurated because of this. Please let me know of any *definite* 
inaccuracies which you are *sure* of so as that I can clear 
these points up in future issues.

MANUFACTURER/APPEARANCE: The Jaguar is assembled by IBM in the United 
States, due to a multi-million dollar agreement between Atari and IBM of 
America. It is unlikely IBM will play a further role in the Jaguar other 
than manufacturing, but then again, who knows? The Jaguar unit itself is 
sleek (sexy) in appearance, with a matt-black durable chassis. Unit size 
is slightly larger than the SNES, and around 1/3 the size of the 3DO. 
Cartridges fit in the top of the machine and controllers fit into the 
front-side of the unit.

CONTROLLER: The Jaguar comes standard with a combined control pad and 
'keypad' in one. Now this is a pretty different controller to that you 
might have been used to, offering a sort of pillar design. The easiest 
way to describe it in words is that the main controller buttons and 
movement pad are on the top, while the keypad can be best described of 
down the 'walls' of the pillar. Sounds strange (and is), but most seem 
to feel that it is a very functional design during play and not too hard 
to get used to.
   The control pad function of the controller is nothing special, and
most comparable in function to the Genesis standard pad, only with a 
slightly different design. Now the keypad part of the controller is an 
interesting device, which is truly unique to the Jaguar. In fact, those 
who have been video gaming since the early 80's may realise that the 
keypad is quite similar to the Atari 2600 controller which came with the 
original Star Raiders, around 12 years ago (as an interesting footnote, 
StarRaiders 2000 is coming out soon on the Jaguar). Consisting of 12 
buttons, it allows a variety of functions that would be required for 
RPG's, simulations or those games which could be simplified by using a 
keypad function instead of say, regularly wading through a list of menu 
options. While appearing uncomfortable to hold, most Jaguar owners say 
the controller is in fact quite manageable once used to. Atari has taken 
a lead in this regard including the keypad as standard, leaving units 
such as the 3DO to charge separately for similar devices which are
planned. The controller port has also been designed in mind to accept 
optional addon devices of either a digital or analogue connection, eg: 
mice, VR devices, full keyboards, guns, etc.

PROCESSOR: Now this would have to be one of the most confusing (to many 
it seems) part of the Jaguar, so I will try to explain it as simply and 
accurately as I can. Now if you are used to the PC world of a fixed 
single/dedicated instruction processor, try and put them out of your 
mind as the Jaguar is of a completely different nature. Foremost, the 
heart of the unit lies in three visible chips on the mainboard, the two 
of most importance and function are codenamed "Tom" and "Jerry", the
third the familiar 68000 used in the Amiga, and other units. Tom and 
Jerry are made by an 'unnamed' producer and the 68000 made by chip
manufacturer, Motorolla. Both "Tom" and "Jerry" are not really 
individual processors at all, but together they form four individual 
processors.

"Tom" contains three processors, a 64 bit graphical processor, 64 bit 
object processor, 64 bit 'blitter' or general processing/logic 
processor. All memory access and control is done through Tom's 
architecture. The graphical processor handles less specialised graphical 
effects (such as shading, texture mapping), but also acts as a general 
processor for the rest of the machine. The object processor largely acts 
as a sprite controller, giving massive sprite control to an extent where 
'sprites' really lose their significance. Processing in a number of 
different ways, the sprite controller (in a fashion) can act as a 
polygon processor, single graphical bit processor (such is required for 
FMV for CD), text-mode processor (such as required for fonts, text and 
manipulation, etc) and other functions.

"Jerry" contains the signal processor, plus a control processor for 
controller input, and a timer block consisting of timers, a UART for 
buffering of information, etc. While Jerry is probably the smaller of 
the two main processors, it is as equally important for the Jaguar's 
processing as "Tom". The signal processor in Jerry handles all sound 
functions such as music, sound effects and spooling of information off 
CD (see: SOUND). Jerry can also operate at as a general purpose 
processor, as with "Tom".

The fifth processor is the single chip 13mhz 68000, and in the scheme of 
things, the least important of the three chips. Basically, the 68000 
operates as either a general/control processor for Tom and Jerry, but 
can also operate in parallel at 16 bit with the other processors. Some 
have been claiming that because of this chip, the machine is not a true 
64 bit machine. That is not true, but it is a little hard to define in 
simple terms, maybe the Jaguar can not be called a *wholly* 64 bit 
machine, but in most other senses of the word it operates at 64 bit. The 
main thing that needs to be pointed out to those that have been saying 
otherwise, is that 64 bit data does *not* have to pass through the 16 
bit 68000 to travel to the rest of the machine's architecture and acts 
independently from the RISC chips. Developers can use it for extra 
grunt if required (as an extra 16 bit processor), or if they wish, use it 
only as the most menial of tasks. The extra processor is simply there to 
provide more processing power and act to take the load off Tom and Jerry. 
In a way the Jaguar is like having the processing power of a 486 and an 
Amiga 500 computer combined together!

What needs to be strongly taken into consideration is that these chips 
(Tom and Jerry at least) are a lot 'smarter' due to the RISC 
architecture than needed to process their specific functions. Hence a 
chip may be able to process operations/instructions AS WELL as function 
competently in its task. In a way the Jaguar can possibly claim to be a 
better than 64 machine, as function as a 64 bit machine, but 
there is a lot of extra processing power there available. Therefore the 
term of '64 bit' and similarly the term 'bit' is now pretty much blurred 
in the console world.

GRAPHICS: Graphics, at least display wise are not much different to 
anything else you would have seen in other consoles, with a maximum of 24 
bit graphics and 16.8 million colours on screen at a time. Resolution is 
partially only limited by software (much like the Amiga computers), so 
the Jaguar can display resolution at television quality or above that 
for dedicated monitors, SVHS, etc. The graphical processors in the Jaguar are 
complex enough to produce several different types of graphics, so just 
about all types of games you would now be familiar with are possible 
(plus probably more). Several thousand polygons can be displayed on the 
screen at once, which can be generated and animated in real time. 
Goudraud shading can also be applied real time to polygons. This makes 
the Jaguar's polygon generation several times more powerful than the 3DO 
or Nintendo's FX2 chip. Standard sprite/pixelated generation is probably 
not much different to what you would find in other consoles, though the 
power of 64 bit processing allows real-time plotting and rendering to be 
done very quickly. A number of special effects are made possible by the 
graphical processor(s) such as smooth/parallax scrolling, texture 
mapping, sprite manipulation, morphing and more. The advantage of a 64 
bit processor will most likely allow fast frame rates with little of the 
'fuzziness' usually associated with fast animation/action - especially 
for FMV spooled off CD.

SOUND: The Jaguar's audible processor is really quite sophisticated, and 
can operate in a number of different modes: wavetable (digital sound), 
AM sythesised (different frequencies to FM synthesis), FM synthesis, and 
FM wavetable synthesis (digitised sound used as instruments). All operate 
in 16 bit stereo at slightly above CD quality - so sound is the similar 
to what you would find in the more expensive ($300+) PC sound cards.
Sound quality is equivalent or even better than you would probably find 
on a PAS16+, GUS, SB16 w/ Waveblaster sound card. Number of audio 
channels is really only limited by processing power used. When the CD 
addon is available, you can expect sound to be at least as good as a 
standard hi-fi.

EXPANSION/PORTS: The Jaguar has a fair number of external ports, 
allowing lots of external addition if later required. Firstly, there is
the NTSC (or PAL) RF socket for connection to your standard television. 
Similar to the SNES, those wishing a RGB composite connection to a 
monitor, etc or want true stereo sound (for connection to your stereo 
system, stereo VCR, etc) will need to buy the special connector cable, 
which costs around $30. The other alternative is to attempt to make one 
yourself). There are two versions of the cable available for different 
output signals, a SVHS version and standard composite version. 
The cartridge port of the Jaguar doubles as a 32 bit expansion port, and is 
where any additional addons can be connected. A standard(ish) serial port 
is included to facilitate connection to modems, computers??, etc. There is 
also a special com port for connection to the Lynx handheld unit or other 
Jaguar machines, which so far Atari has commented little on how it will be 
utilised. The general consensus is that it will allow you is that it will 
allow the use of Lynx machines as 'intelligent' controllers and also provides
the facility for linking of multiple Jaguar units for multi-player games 
(ie: Doom!). Last, but definitely not least is an external DSP (digital 
signal processing) port which will allow direct transferral of 
information/control between the Jaguar and other digital devices (CD 
players, DCC units, stereo systems, etc). The Jaguar is the only machine 
that includes an external DSP port.

OPERATING SYSTEM: Unlike the 3DO system, the Jaguar does not include an 
inbuilt operating system. Now this can either be considered a definite 
advantage or disadvantage. The advantage is that developers can directly 
access the hardware through direct low level (assembly) programming, 
allowing greater and complete control of both the machine and software. 
The disadvantage (if you want to consider them), is that the it makes 
the machine a bit trickier to develop on for those uninitiated, and 
standard runtime debugging, error detection has to be built into the 
developer's software - adding to code/game size. Most likely, certain 
developers will come up with their own sort of 'operating system' (or 
set of common instructions, or routines) to use for a number of their 
releases. Another distinct disadvantage is that it means that code/games 
can't be as quite as easily ported to the Jaguar, than say the 3DO - 
which uses a combination of high level (easily portable) and low level 
languages.

STORAGE: The Jaguar itself includes 2 megabytes of high speed RAM as 
standard, though more could probably be added in future if required. 
Storage for the stand-alone Jaguar unit is standard cartridge. Average 
cartridge storage space is 2 megabytes (16 megabit) though six megabytes 
of storage space are possible. This doesn't sound much, but Atari claim 
that through their custom compression algorithm (an extension of the 
JPEG standard) can push this to as much as 40-50 megabytes (400 
megabit). This allows for a little FMV in some games, though for real 
FMV we will have to wait for the JaguarCD which will allow 540 megabytes 
(4300 megabits). With compression, this will allow around a gigabyte of 
visual information on CD.

JAGUAR-CD ADDON: As the JaguarCD addon is a while away yet, specs may 
change before release. Therefore a similar article to this *may* be 
written in a future issue of Frontier, covering just the JaguarCD addon. 
Plans are for the JaguarCD to plug into the Jaguar's cartridge/expansion 
port. Presumably Atari will include an extra cartridge port on the 
JaguarCD for room to expand further. The access/spin speed of the 
JaguarCD will be double-speed so no serious slow down should be 
encountered. CD formats the JaguarCD will be compatible with include: 
standard CD, CD+G (CD with graphics), and Kodak Photo CD (photograph on 
CD). MPEG2 (an extension of the CD-i standard) is also promised via an 
optional addon, allowing 60 minutes of CD on a single disc. Other 
standards and improvements to the JaguarCD are likely with optional data 
cartridges (much with CD-i). In essence you have a quality CD player 
with fancy options limited only by software, JaguarCD game player, and 
so-so video player. I say "so-so" because the MPEG standard appears not 
quite formulated; there are a number of slight niggling problems which 
need to be ironed out before it is standardised - digital video appears 
to be the future, but not quite yet. The future of the Jaguar largely 
lies with the CD, the thing that will either set it apart 
technologically from the other new consoles, or make it inferior. 
JaguarCD will be out in the later half of 1994 and cost around 
$200-$300.

RELEASE: United States - January (out now) 1994
         Australia/UK/Europe - June 1994

This information can be greatly simplified in the following tabular 
format...

PROCESSOR(S):
 - Based on the RISC (Reduced Instruction Set Chip)
 - 64 bits at 55 MIPS (Millions Instructions Per Second)
 - Reported clock speed of 26.6mhz
64 bit "Tom" processor consisting of:
     - General graphical processor
     - Object processor
     - General processing/logic circuits
     - Memory access circuits
32 bit "Jerry" processor consisting of:
     - Sound processing/CD spooling
     - Timing, UART circuits
     - Control processing
     - General processing
 16 bit 68000 chip (13mhz) for general processing/control

GRAPHICS:
 - 24 bit
 - Resolution of approx 800x576 (more with software programming)
 - 16,777,216 colours on screen
 - FMV and specialised graphical manipulation

SOUND:
 - 16 bit true stereo
    - FM synthesis
    - FM wavetable synthesis
    - AM synthesis
    - Multiple digital sound channels (limited only by software)
    - CD Quality (44.1khz)

EXPANSION/PORTS:
 - 32 bit cartridge port/expansion port
 - RF output
 - External output socket (for SVHS or RGB composite cable & stereo sound)
 - Two digital/analog control ports

CONTROL:
 - 12 key keypad/combined control pad:
     - 3 'action' buttons
     - Multi-directional control pad
     - Pause, Select buttons
     - 12 soft keys

STORAGE:
 - 2 megabytes of general RAM
 - Maximum cartridge storage 6 megabytes
     - Capable of general Jaguar expansion/enhancement
     - Proprietary JPEG compression (50 megabytes compressed data)
- Bus speed of 106 mbyte/sec (transfer rate)

JAGUAR-CD ADDON:
 - 350 m/s access
 - 540 megabytes uncompressed storage (more with compression)
 - Cartridge/expansion port
 - ???? (a lot to be yet finalised or published by Atari)

PRICE: $US250 

If you have understood of all of this (?), you will probably realise 
just how powerful the Jaguar really is. It more powerful than any of the 
console machines now released, or that are likely to be released for a 
while, except maybe for Nintendo's 64 bit machine. It has multiple 
processors which handle different parts of the machine (though so does 
the 3DO), not making one thing slow down/suffer because of a processor 
being busy. It offers all the technology that you would probably shell 
out $2000 for in a fully-fitted PC, all for around $250. In fact, we
will not probably see the full power of the Jaguar until developers get 
used to working on such a high powered machine. Games need to be 
designed with the Jaguar specifically in mind so that we can begin to 
see games that offer more than those on other consoles. Atari has got 
the machine almost perfect, now lets hope they can get the developers 
and consumer market interested with some quality games in the next few 
months.

* Please let me know if you need any of these points clarifying, as I 
don't wish to go overboard and produce a 10,000 word article on various 
specifics which would most likely confuse or bore a lot of people!


1994 - THE YEAR OF THE CONSOLE?
**************/\***************
1994 is shaping up to be one of the biggest periods that the electronic
entertainment industry has faced since its inception. It has been 15 
years since we first saw Pong played back in the arcade, and many will 
argue that it was from this machine that spawned what we know as 
the electronic entertainment industry today. The 1980's saw the 
emergence of machines such as the Atari 2600 and then the 8 bit NES 
which meant that almost arcade quality games (at the time) were in the 
homes of millions of people right across the world. The early 1990's 
showed small changes in the industry, with the gradual phasing out of 8 
bit machines with the introduction of 16 bit consoles such as the 
Genesis and Super Nintendo. Although things progressed, we saw very 
little in the way of the latest in entertainment technology. 16 bit was 
a step up from 8 bit, but considering that 32 bit machines had been 
widely available since around 1986 there were no really exciting 
innovations. Games largely remained the same, with similar types of 
games cropping up time and time again.
   In the last few years have been *reasonable* technologically, 
compared to other entertainment machines, but they still were limited to 
the types of games available due to the technical and storage 
restrictions. 1994 marks the turning point in what we all have become 
familiar with, many interesting developments promised in the past 
finally emerging. Although the 3DO and Jaguar are the first onto the 
market, they are definitely not going to be the last that we are going 
to see for a while. In fact, there are nine new consoles which will be 
released from the period 1994 to 1997 - and hence could be 
accurately dubbed "the year of the (new) console".
   These new generation consoles clearly mark a turn in the industry. No 
longer are consoles inferior to most computers, in fact in most aspects 
are superior. With RISC processors, specialised graphics manipulation 
functions, high speed bus, and CD-ROM technology built into the machine 
as standard - most of these consoles can accomplish certain tasks that 
most personal computers would never have a hope of doing. The most 
obvious advantage to this is for games, but there are other things that 
consoles can do much more efficiently (such as FMV). What also differs 
from the personal computer is the price. What you might expect to pay 
for $2000 in a fully fitted multimedia PC, you can find in a machine 
such as the 3DO for $600 - pretty amazing considering the sophistication 
of components and the amount of research that is now being put into the 
development of these machines. Another big advantage is that everything 
in a console is fitted as standard, unlike a computer where 
specifications can vary from even individual machines. A console 
consumer owner never has to worry about fitting a new video card, a new 
processor, or purchasing more memory, etc just to play the latest game. 
Software *has* to be made to fit the specifications of the machine, 
meaning somebody with almost no technical know-how can simply plug a 
console into their television and be playing a game in seconds. This all 
makes everything much more attractive to those who could be referred to 
as the mug VCR/television user. Recent studies have shown that many 
people around the world still experience what is usually referred to as 
"technophobia" - one of the reasons why the computer is not yet standard 
in every home around the world, as the television just about is. Even 
for those who are not interested in playing games, these new consoles 
are even attractive as a replacement to other entertainment devices 
around the home. While digital video such as the MPEG standard may not 
yet be quite perfect, it does offer many advantages (and some 
disadvantages) over your common video recorder and should become popular 
in the next few years. The ability to play standard audio CD's is also a 
standard part of any CD-ROM drive, and you will find that the quality of 
sound is not much different to your standalone CD player that you might 
have.
   Most consoles you are likely to come across in the next few years are 
also manufactured or at the least co-manufactured by the major home 
entertainment companies, meaning that they too are working towards a 
high quality standard for the consumer - not just something that is 
added as an afterthought. We are talking about companies such as 
Panasonic, Sony, Sanyo, NEC - look on your television and you are likely 
to find one of these names. They have had years of gauging consumer's 
responses and are not new to the industry, they know what the average 
consumer wants and consequently what they don't want. Entertainment is 
always a growth industry and companies such as these have wisely foreseen 
the large profits to be made in forms of interactive hypermedia such as 
computer games. They are not going to simply let this fall to companies 
such as Sega, Nintendo, etc as has happened in the past. Spending 
millions, they are ensuring that in ten years when things become 
standard, they are there also.
   As well as attracting existing console owners and software
developers, new consoles are begin to attract outside attention from 
major players in the computer entertainment market. Origin, 
Sierra/Dynamix, Electronic Arts, plus just about all others have 
expressed some or major interest in developing software for these new 
consoles. While they may have held back due to massive royalties, 
inadequate hardware, or lack of universal support in the past, these new 
consoles are almost company magnets. This will mean a greater variety of 
software available on these new consoles, including RPG's, flight 
simulators and adventure games, genre's which would have never appeared 
on a console only a few months ago. It may in fact be that computers 
become less and less popular for entertainment software as game 
developers start developing games for the 3DO, Jaguar, Saturn, CD32, 
etc. While computers will always serve a purpose as a tool for everyday 
home and business use, their role for entertainment is limited. 
Computers were never designed to play games since their inception, it 
just happened that along the way people found it a medium with which 
they could use as a form of interactive entertainment. Consoles were 
designed for entertainment from their onset, and as a result have been 
in the past better than computers for playing many types of games (shoot 
'em ups, platform games, etc). The time when all current games and even 
games based on widely new ideas can be established on a console, the 
computer as a entertainment device is certainly going to change. This is 
likely to be just around the corner.
   Whatever happens, us as the consumer will ultimately profit from it.
Increased competition means more variety, cheaper prices, more appeal 
and improved technology. For too long software (especially console 
software) has been overpriced due to large royalties set by companies 
such as Sega and Nintendo, almost having a virtual monopoly on the 
console market. When 16 bit console software was priced above often 
superior 32 bit computer software (as was the case before the entry of 
these new consoles), there was clearly something wrong with the way in 
which companies were approaching the consumer market. In the last few 
years, often the console software available has been also below par from 
what you would expect from machines specifically designed to play games. 
Fierce competition will not only mean that a quality game will sell, it 
will also mean a poor game is going to sell badly and make losses. This 
may have not been the case in the past - only now are console developers 
are beginning to realise this. Innovations will become more and more 
common with the coming of new technology, meaning a greater range of 
software and making things very attractive to computer gamers of all 
types. Millions, if not billions of dollars in profits are going to be 
made or lost in the next five years in the electronic entertainment 
industry. The market will expand at a rate that has never been seen 
before, and in five years time we may see a console under every 
television.
   Only those consoles that offer outstanding software and something
different will sell in large quantities and become standard. With 
approximately nine new consoles to choose from in the next two years, 
this is soon going to become more and more apparent. The choices are 
vast and possibly a little bewildering to many, but the prospects are 
exciting for everyone. Here is to a new generation.....


COMPANY   | PROCESSOR |       NAME        |   PRICE   |     RELEASE
__________|___________|___________________|___________|_________________
Atari     |   64 bit  |       Jaguar      |    $250   |   Out now
Commodore |   32 bit  |       CD32        |    $500   |   Out now
NEC       |   32 bit  |     PC engine     |    $350^  |   Mid/late 1994
Nintendo  |   64 bit  | Project 'Reality' |    $250^  |   Late 1995
Panasonic |   32 bit  |        3DO        |    $700   |   Out now
Philips   |   32 bit  |       CD-i        |    $600   |   Out now
Sega      |   32 bit  |      Saturn       |    $400^  |   Late 1994
SNK       |   24 bit  |    NeoGeo '2'     |    $400^  |   Mid 1994
Sony      |   32 bit  |        ???        |    $400   |   Early 1995

^ - Estimated


1994 - 1997: A TiMELiNE OF THE ViDEO GAME INDUSTRY
***********************/\*************************
THIS timeline to a large extent will what this magazine (and others) 
will be covering in the next three years, and the developments which are 
going to bring some of the biggest changes and hottest competition in 
the home entertainment industry since the advent of television. Millions 
and possibly billions are going to be made or lost in the industry and 
companies are going to thrive and some will fall. No matter what 
eventually does occur, us the consumer are the ones that will be the one 
who will probably gain the most. Greater competition will bring 
decreasing prices, both in hardware and software. The video game 
consumer will be left with a wide range of consoles pushing the 
forefront of technology, and games that will embrace this technology. No 
longer will consumers put up with highly inflated prices and games that 
have often been below standard. This timeline is only a personal opinion 
of the next three years, and of course opinions will be varied. It is 
based upon many observations of the industry, and laced with the release 
dates of the consoles mentioned. Take it as you will.

1994
Now. One of the biggest years EVER in the video game world. This year 
will largely set the scene for the next few years and onwards. Many 
major companies have been developing new generation consoles since 1992 
and earlier; their hopes and fortunes for some are riding strongly on 
their consoles. Nearly *all* have geared up not surprisingly for release 
this year, and 1994 could well be touted as the 'year of the new 
console'.

- The 3DO takes off well, but not as well as maybe hoped by Trip Hawkins 
  (the chief of 3DO). High prices seem to be the only thing holding it 
  back from selling millions of units across the world. Low development 
  costs ensure that many game developers turn to the console, working on 
  many high quality titles. Many traditional computer game developers 
  turn to the 3DO due to the small but definite advantages the systems 
  provides over the PC. Major developers release games on a number of 
  different platforms because of the lack of clear leader.

- CD32 sells rather poorly compared to other new systems, a machine 
  which offers a reasonable console, but nothing which sets it apart 
  from the other new 32bit consoles. A reasonable flow of games is 
  released from traditional Amiga game producers, but attracts few new 
  developers. Phillip's CD-i fares similarly for much of the same 
  reasons, though offers some ports of some popular games, possibly 
  increasing sales.

- The Jaguar is released with mixed reaction, not quite carrying the 
  initial 'wow factor' of the 3DO. It offers the performance equivalent 
  of a 486dx computer, yet the standard 2 megabyte cartridge is a little 
  restrictive considering the largish nature of games which developers 
  would like port to it. Developers continue to sign up sluggishly but 
  steadily to the machine, and some large(ish) developers release games. 
  The price of $250 makes it attractive for many existing SNES and 
  Genesis owners, encouraging many to switch systems. It clearly offers 
  the most powerful processing power available to the home market at 
  present at an unbelievable price. Storage space is limiting, but the 
  promise of a CD addon unit will really enhance the machine's 
  potential.
     Mid to later 1994 the JaguarCD add-on drive is released for the 
  machine which finally pushes it into the league of the 3DO, though the 
  afore mentioned has already established a reasonable base by then. 
  Maybe some problems between the (technical) interface between the 
  Jaguar and the CD unit poses some problems for developers to work 
  around. Otherwise it is received very well, along with some good games 
  to coincide with release. Many wait for the CD unit before buying the 
  Jaguar, to see how well things take off as a 'completed' unit. The 
  combined price of $400-$500 for the Jaguar/CD still remains 
  competitive, though many would prefer to pay that $100-$200 more for a 
  3DO.

- The Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis continue to sell well amongst the 
  lower end of the market. Many quality games are released which keep 
  the market going, despite the new tough (albeit relatively expensive) 
  competition. Prices are maybe slightly lowered to reflect this. The 
  Jaguar cuts into a fair bit of Sega's and Nintendo's markets because 
  of an equivalent price tag. Smash games such as Super Street Fighter 2, 
  Mortal Kombat 2 and some good Nintendo titles are released towards 
  Christmas 94, keeping units selling well. A reasonable number of 
  developers begin to slowly abandon these 16 bit units (or begin
  developing on the newer systems) for either the Jaguar or the higher 
  consoles. The GenesisCD flails hopelessly all year, forcing Sega to 
  lower the price dramatically - knowing forewell that their 'Saturn' 
  will be their main draw card and just around the corner.

LATE 1994/EARLY 1995

- Similar to 1994, new consoles enter the fray. Sega's 'Saturn' is 
  released for the first time, becoming a strong competitor with the 3DO 
  and Jaguar which are now quite/very well established, despite being a 
  newcomer. The price of around $400-$500 and with the possible guiding 
  software of giant Microsoft (? not yet decided upon yet) sell hundreds 
  of thousands of units in the first quarter of release. 3DO is forced
  to lower it's price to similar to, or lower than the Saturn, bringing 
  the 3DO finally to the mass market (with units selling in the possible 
  hundreds of thousands across the world by then). The Jaguar still 
  remains the lowest priced and best value for money, and games equal to 
  or better than the 3DO finally emerge for the CD unit.

- Sony's 32 bit machine is released, offering many video/audio formats 
  as standard so even audio-video buffs become interested in the machine 
  simply for its audio/video quality. NEC's 32 bit PC Engine is released
  in the US and Japan. NEC's machine, like many of the other new 
  generation of consoles, offers good capabilities but without anything 
  to separate them from the other consoles is largely ignored.

- SNK's NeoGeo "2" is released into the market. Mostly targeted for the
  arcade market, it attracts some arcade-interest with some good new 
  titles. SNK also aims the NeoGeo "2" for the home market much more so 
  than its failed first NeoGeo 24 bit home machine, offering comparative 
  software prices to the home consumer.

1995

- Mid-1995 begins to truly separate the consoles that will be widely
  accepted by the world-wide markets and the ones that developers will 
  stick with. The Jaguar, 3DO and Saturn turn out to be the dominate 
  machines. Other machines still sell *fair* amounts of units, and 
  software for them still keeps coming, but the future of the units 
  which have missed out on a major share of the market does not look 
  much longer than about 2 more years.

- Arcade machines appear based on the new generation of 32 bit+ machines 
  such as the Jaguar, and 3DO. These begin to replace the standard 
  boards which are specifically engineered for one game, cutting down on 
  costs and also providing equal or better capabilities to most arcade 
  machines. Specialised high power machines (such as expensive
  virtual reality, and 'immersion' games) continue to be popular, while 
  the more 'basic' games use existing console design.

- The second generation of 3DO machines begin appearing, realising Trip 
  Hawkins long term success predictions. These are not simply a 
  redesigned first generation, and offer very impressive new 
  specifications, maybe even moving to 64 bit. While remaining backward 
  compatible, many rush to buy the new units, while the 1st gen 3DO's 
  price drops to around $250.

LATE 1995/EARLY 1996

- Nintendo pushes forward its release of its 'Project Reality' console 
  so that the 1980's biggest console company simply isn't left behind. 
  The unit appears slightly rushed. Nintendo tries desperately to push 
  the point of their unit, but there simply isn't much advantage over 
  any of the other machines by this stage.

- The SNES and Genesis sales begin to dry up, along with new titles for 
  these machines. Many who are serious about keeping up with the 
  industry have since upgraded to some of the newer machines.

1996

- Jaguar possibly follows 3DO's lead and offers new specifications and 
  improvements over the first Jaguar machine. The Jaguar and 3DO are 
  again fighting neck and neck for a lead of the major markets. The 
  software titles for these machines reaches about the hundred+ mark.

- Project Reality begins to take off, but finds it very difficult to 
  break back into the market after such a long absence. Things look 
  bleak for Nintendo, and they begin to realise this - possibly even 
  attempting to buy into another major console manufacturer to continue 
  in the race.

- The Saturn now sells well and becomes popular in markets such as Asia, 
  *and* the western markets and is possibly one of the most universally 
  excepted console machines. Offers plenty of good games, many 
  interesting additions, and general support from many parts of the 
  industry.

1997

- Now the line between the arcade, home and entertainment markets begins 
  to blur. What you see in the arcade is available at call from 
  downloadable 'cable software libraries', or from your local shop. The 
  arcade 'parlours' that everybody has become used to over the last 
  twelve years begins to dwindle in popularity because it offers nothing 
  that you can't readily receive at call at your home.

- Home computer's possibly begin to fade as a popular games 
  entertainment system. Most developers are now feel at home writing on 
  consoles, and many have deserted the PC market all together. The 
  adaptability, cheap price, and now the power of the console for 
  entertainment purposes easily match that of most computers. Computers 
  revert back to what they were designed to do: be used for serious 
  functions - though they are now about as common as the home VCR for 
  everyday use.

AND BEYOND ????

* Although only three years away, this is quite hard to predict 
considering the complexities of what is occurring right now. Beyond that 
knowbody can really tell, and in the next few decades we will have other 
*major* things to worry about rather than just entertainment. Cyberpunk 
is a reality and not too far away, but for that sort of speculation try 
reading some of William Gibson's material (or email me 8) ).

- Entertainment becomes a major part of most people's lives throughout 
  developed countries. Film, television, video and games are all pretty 
  much related and now merged together in the so called 'infotainment' 
  that encompasses console machines. Most major companies have some sort 
  of share in the new look entertainment market, and it becomes one of 
  the biggest growth areas of the 1990's.

- Three main consoles continue to stay on for the next five years before 
  they are in turn replaced again by newer and better models by the same 
  or other companies. Most other consoles begin that were released in 
  1994 and didn't succeed begin to disappear or try new machines - they 
  didn't have that something that it takes to succeed in such a 
  competitive market such as the console industry.

- Standard CD-ROM becomes a little passe', and is replaced by new 
  storage methods such as multi-gigabyte discs, massive memory capacity 
  or even some storage systems that nobody has ever really though of 
  before. All are integrated into console machines.

- Finally true three dimensional techniques are brought into consoles, 
  and many other aspects of society. Two dimensional is no longer good 
  enough, and three dimensional begins to really change the way we 
  perceive technology, especially in entertainment.

- The moral issues of entertainment dominating society begin to emerge 
  as a major issue. Are we living too much of a virtual reality, and not 
  enough of reality? Are we perceiving our lives through too much of the 
  whole? Are we in fact being mind controlled, psychologically and 
  socially? Are we losing our individuality that has for so long helped 
  humans to progress? Is the human race finally progressing to a new 
  type of society? These are definitely not easy questions to answer, 
  but the sides are even and the issues poignant.

---
If you are wondering where I think some of the other consoles fit in 
that are under development, the answer is nowhere really. While a new 
'wonder console' may suddenly appear and capture the market, it seems 
unlikely from the quality of most of the contenders that *are* 
mentioned. If it isn't talked about in this timeline, most likely my 
thoughts are that it will fail or struggle *or* that I don't yet 
know/have heard enough about them to make a reasonable prediction. You 
will have probably noticed that later on in the time-line I have moved 
on from specific mentions to more generalised statements/predictions, 
and that is intentional. Nobody can really guess the specifics ten years 
in the future, but I have taken my best shot. Please send in your 
comments, and maybe some of your own personal predictions.


GLOSSARY OF FRONTIER/VIDEO GAME TERMS
****************/\*******************
THE aim of this short glossary is to clear up some short-hand terms that
you may come across in Frontier or the general console world. Please 
refer back to this glossary in future issues if you are unsure of a 
certain term or meaning. Some are pretty obvious I admit, but there will 
be some newcomers to the console scene who have never heard these terms 
before. As mentioned at the start of Frontier, this magazine also aims 
to be a universal guide (similar to a FAQ) for the console consumer 
with features such as this.

Anti-Aliasing - The process of adding adjacent pixels that are half way 
      between the main colour of an object and the background. This 
      tricks the eye into eliminating 'jaggies' associated with low 
      resolution images and produces an overall smoother appearance. 
      Widely used in the artwork of many games.

CISC - (C)omplex (I)nstruction (S)et (C)omputing. Term given to the 
      processor used in the large majority of popular computers today. 
      Instructions have to be interpreted rather than directly executed 
      - the opposite way that RISC processors work. Multiple tasks can 
      be executed simultaneously in most implementations, but not as 
      efficiently as with some other processors.

Composite signal - Universally standard audio/video signal used in audio 
      equipment, video players, etc. Data can only be transmitted in one 
      direction.

Converter - Device that allows a game from one country to be played on 
      another country's machine. There are a number of different 
      variations for many machines.

CD-i - CD interactive. A subset of the MPEG standard developed by 
      Philips.

DBU  - (D)isk (B)ackup (U)nit. Device that supposedly allows the 
      'backup' of game cartridges to floppy disk. The obvious function 
      is to pirate cartridge games (which is illegal).

Digital Video - A video format (much like VHS) with which video/sound is 
      encoded digitally rather than using analog methods. The advantage 
      is that digital video offers better quality sound and picture. 
      MPEG is a form of digital video.

Digitised - Something that has been captured from a 'real' source such 
      as sound or pictures. An example of this is speech or 'live' video 
      in a game.

Famicon - Name of the Japanese/Asian version of the Super Nintendo. 
      Games are not compatible with other Super Nintendo units without 
      the use of a converter.

FMV  - short for (F)ull (M)otion (V)ideo. Term given to live animated 
      video digitised (captured) from the real world.

Genesis - The American name for the Megadrive, released in 1988.

GB  - Short for (G)ame (B)oy. A popular & cheap 4 bit handheld unit 
      released in 1988 by Nintendo.

GG  - Short for (G)ame (G)ear. An 8 bit handheld unit offering a full 
      colour screen and backward compatibility with the Master System 
      through a separate converter. Released by Sega in 1991.

Goudraud Shading - A specialised (and superior) way of shading objects 
      and scenery. This takes a fair amount of processing power to 
      implement effectively.

JPEG - (J)oint (P)hotographic (E)xperts (G)roup. A different 
      collaboration to the MPEG group, who have developed a high 
      compression rate for images. It is mostly applied to static 
      (single, non animated) images but variations of the standard can 
      be applied to motion video. Images can typically be reduced by up 
      to five times, depending on quality required.

Megabit - A term which sprang up in the console world to describe how 
      big a game was. In the early days of the Sega Master System, games
      were quoted in 'megabits' to make them sound more impressive. It
      stuck... and is quite often used to measure console specific
      storage. One megabit = approximately 1/8 of a megabyte (125k)

Megabyte - One million bytes of information. The most common method of 
      measuring electronic storage and used widely in the computer field.
      One megabyte = 8 megabit.

Megadrive - Name of the Sega's Genesis elsewhere across the world. 
      Exactly the same as the US unit except games are not compatible 
      without a converter.

MPEG - (M)otion (P)icture (E)xperts (G)roup. A group comprised of many 
      big name companies such as Sony, Philips, Panasonic, and others 
      which are working towards a common digital video standard based on 
      compact disk. The word MPEG can also be applied to the compression 
      technique being employed to squash data to a manageable size.

MPEG2 - Enhancement of the original MPEG standard, offering better 
      compression and better quality. Using this technique, 
      approximately 60 minutes of full motion video can be stored on a 
      standard sized compact disc.

NES  - (N)intendo (E)ntertainment (S)ystem. A once popular and now
      rapidly declining 8 bit console first released by Nintendo in
      1983.

NTSC - Television standard common in the US only. Offers a slightly 
      better screen refresh at a lower screen resolution than PAL.

PAL - Television standard common in Australia, plus some European and 
      Asian countries. Offers a higher resolution that the NTSC standard 
      but with a lower screen update.

Pixel - One 'dot' on a screen. Look closely at your television and you 
      will understand what I mean.

RAM - (R)andom (A)ccess (M)emory. Memory that continues to store 
      temporary information as long as power is supplied. Just about all 
      'intelligent' electronic devices (consoles, video recorders, etc) 
      have some sort of RAM to store/process information while in 
      operation.

Ray Traced - A picture which has been rendered by 'tracing' (or 
      plotting) each 'ray' from a specified light source. Objects have 
      to be defined so that the rays reflect off the objects and give 
      them appearance. Ray tracing can often take from a few minutes to 
      a few days, depending on the power of the machine rendering it.

Real Time - The term applied to something being generated by a 
      console/computer as the software or game is running. This could be 
      an object, lighting or a combination of both. Real time generation 
      usually requires less storage space than if the image/object/event 
      is generated beforehand. It is much more complicated and reliant
      on processing power, but can provide a much more immersive 
      experience, because with real time things are not fixed.

Rendering - The process of artificial shading an object or image to make 
      it appear more life like. Usually this requires complex 
      mathematical formulae and requires a fair amount of processing 
      power. To render an image in real time requires a great deal of 
      power.

RISC - (R)educed (I)nstruction (S)et (C)omputing. Usually in reference 
      to a computer processor used in high(er) end computers such as 
      workstations, network servers, etc. The advantage of RISC 
      architecture is that execution speed is generally quicker, and 
      executing two, three or more instructions at once (multi-tasking) 
      can easily be done. RISC has been widely regarded as the successor 
      to CISC and is likely to take off in computers, consoles and many 
      other devices in the next ten years.

ROM - (R)ead (O)nly (M)emory. Similar to RAM, but ROM continues to store 
      information even when there is no power. ROM is used in cartridges 
      to store permanent game/software code and information. This type 
      of memory cannot be written to, only read. CD is also a form of 
      ROM.

SCART - Television standard common in many European countries. Also used 
      in computers such as the Amiga as a video connection to the 
      monitor.

Sprite - A moving object which is usually animated. Sprites are most 
      often separate to the background and are most often stored 
      individually. Sprites now have less significance than they 
      probably once did; consoles and computer are now powerful enough 
      to treat objects that take up a whole screen as a sprite.

SNES - short for (S)uper (N)intendo (E)ntertainment (S)ystem. A popular 
      16 bit console released by Nintendo in 1991.

SVHS - (S)uper VHS. An enhanced (though still analog) version of VHS 
      standard, which allows higher resolution and better sound quality. 
      SVHS, although a video standard, can also be implemented in 
      televisions and other devices. If used in a game console, enhanced 
      sound and resolution is possible.

Texture mapping - When a predrawn surface is 'mapped' or wrapped around 
      an object or surface. This may be a picture or simply a textured 
      surface or pattern.

VR  - (V)irtual (R)eality. A game or generated simulation which provides 
      the user the feeling of really being there. At present this is 
      mostly confined to 360 deg. helmet devices which provides video 
      and audio, but companies are working on stimulating the other 
      senses such as touch or sensation and even smell.

Leave me a message if you want some of these terms explained in greater 
detail or want one explained which is not mentioned. Don't feel stupid 
in doing so, Frontier is *looking* to be able to answer questions like 
these!


             úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
                ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜŞÛİÛÛİ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛİ  ÛÛ²±°
                ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛŞÛİÛÛÛİ ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛİ  ÛİÛÛÛİ ÛÛ
                ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛßŞÛİÛÛ ÛİÛÛŞÛÛŞÛİ  ÛİÛÛ ÛİÛÛ
             °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛ   ÛÛİÛÛ ŞÛÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ ŞÛÛÛ
             úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
IF you wish to express an opinion in an editorial style article, please 
let me know. Frontier aims to be a focus point for intelligent debate on 
the console industry so you should be willing to backup your opinions 
from readers. If you strongly agree or disagree on an editorial, 
consider writing one of your own with some opposing or contrasting 
opinions. 

HAS NINTENDO LEFT THINGS TOO LATE?
***************/\*****************
AS consumers and the industry talk excitedly about the introduction of 
many new consoles, a major question which needs to be asked is: Has 
Nintendo simply left things too late? and where will they fit into the 
overall scheme of things. The next big growth period in entertainment 
consoles is obviously going to be in the next five years, yet Nintendo 
has stated that their new 64 console will not be released until 1996 - 
two years away. Two years may not seem much to many people, but the 
console industry will move quickly in this period. In this space we are 
going to see the introduction of around eight new consoles and many 
other companies are going to have taken a sizeable share of the highly 
profitable market. Nintendo has stated that their Project Reality will 
be a fully 64 bit console and offer capabilities "never before seen" in 
the home, which many in the industry seem sceptical about. Has Nintendo 
got the technical brains to perform such a feat? The SNES, even though 
released in 1991 when 32 bit was attainable at a reasonable price, they 
released their 16 bit console running at a crawling 3.5mhz. It was 
technically better than the Genesis on most fronts (except processing 
speed), but it simply wasn't good *enough*. Then came the promise of a 
32 bit CD addon soon after release, similar to the SegaCD. Reports 
started coming in from 1992 on development: it will be out by the end of
the year and will revolutionise how we play games. Late 1993 - still no 
'SuperCD' in the shops - Nintendo: everything is going well, software in 
production, no working prototypes shown, more promises, DEFINITELY 
release in as little as two months (ha!). November/December 1993 - 
SuperCD cancelled, no decent explanations, everybody is largely left in 
the dark without a formal press statement, all project material dumped, 
millions down the drain, Project Reality out in three years time. The 
SuperCD will never hit the shelves, despite the apparent effort put in 
by Nintendo. This may turn out to be an error that will slowly eat away 
at the company, and one that they will regret in a years time.
   With the promised help of the 'developer's development house' -
Silicon Graphics, things look much brighter. If the reported dumping of 
Nintendo is accurate though, and Nintendo is left virtually on their own 
technically (which no console company can really afford to do these 
days), they are going to have quite a bit of trouble holding their 
promise of 64 bit Nintendo quality for $250. The Jaguar (and 3DO, though 
less so) is already here at that price with those specs, and as a result 
most won't wait for a possibly/maybe 1996 release of Project Reality. By 
1996, most consoles which are new now will be priced around $250 and the 
differences between them and Project Reality will be minimal. Another 
important fact to consider is that the Jaguar, 3DO and maybe some others 
will likely be in their second generation by then. 64 bit processors, 
maybe virtual reality, digital video, and CD-ROM will all be standard.
   Surprisingly, many may hail the passing of Nintendo as a good thing,
and not just those competitors in the industry either. In the 1980's 
Nintendo held a virtual monopoly on the industry with their 8 bit 
Nintendo, which had allowed them to make their own initiatives and lay 
their own rules, which in turn largely shaped what the consumer had on 
offer. Development costs and requirements for producing Nintendo and 
Super Nintendo software have been regarded by many as outrageous - 
turning many away from even entering the industry. Royalties were large, 
meaning smaller profits, and therefore less incentives for the software 
developers. Nintendo's machines however did survive, and survived well, 
but the attitude which served them well in the 1980's has become 
significantly less rewarding in the last few years. Many expected the 
SNES to simply blow the Genesis out of the market when it was released, 
but with many quality Genesis titles and a steep price for software it 
just hasn't happened. The same is promised with Project Reality, yet in 
a move of similar market bigotry, Nintendo announces that Project 
Reality will be "passing straight by CD-ROM" and straight to cartridges 
- isn't that called moving backwards in most people's books? Ninety 
dollars for games that are often not worth playing for more than an hour 
or two is really not on - whether 8, 16, or 128 bit.
   Another ugly factor which has largely alienated many consumers from
Nintendo is the painfully obvious slogan: Nintendo = censorship. Now I 
am not going to argue the points of censorship *here*, but despite what 
Nintendo claims, the *players* are the ones that need to dictate what 
they play - not Nintendo. Mortal Kombat is probably the first thing that 
may occur to you as an example, but it was definitely not the first time 
that it has happened. Here were two products, one that offered 
fatalities (and blood) on the Genesis, and the other on the SNES that 
offered a pretty poor offering, despite the slightly better graphics and 
sound. Now at the time this was important for Nintendo with regard to 
SNES sales, and many simply turned to the Genesis (or Genesis software) 
because of their much more reasonable 'user decides policy'. Atari, and 
3DO have already taken up such a stance and it is going to pay off in 
the next few years when competition between these consoles and Project 
Reality confronts the industry. Will it be a case of Project Reality, or 
simply a case of Project Morality?
   Despite what this editorial may indicate, Nintendo cannot really be
discounted or excluded in the coming years. They are definitely not 
going to disappear in a matter of months and their Super Nintendo and 
software is still the best selling console in the world presently (or 
equally well as Sega, depending on who you speak to). Many exciting new 
titles are lined up which will keep their market going to a reasonable 
extent right up until 1996. 3DO, Jaguar, CD32 and soon Saturn is going 
to make large in-roads into their profits - offering machines at least 
50 times as more powerful as the SNES for less than double the price. 
Most large developers have indicated interest in these new consoles, and 
Nintendo is going to lose many of its key developers as a result. They 
are then going to have to re-attract these developers when Project 
Reality is released. This will have to mean a large change to Nintendo's 
philosophy if this is to happen. Unless Nintendo can offer some sort of 
major incentives such as reasonable development costs, cheaper prices, 
or a more open development policy - to both the consumer and developer, 
it simply is not going to attract people to the machine despite how good 
it may or may not be. 32 bit or 64 bit, it doesn't really matter - it is 
the software that kills a console or makes it sell. Nintendo *is* going 
to suffer in the next few years, determined by a large extent to how 
well these other consoles take off. One thing is certain, when the 3DO 
or another new console sells one game or one unit it is eating into
Nintendo's profits and the damage is being done. Nintendo is definitely 
not stupid and have remained in the market longer than just about all 
console producers, but their long term foresight needs to be looked into 
closely. If they had released their SuperCD in 1993 as promised, things 
would probably look a whole lot different now than it currently does. A 
32 bit (or as close as) CD-ROM machine at a competitive price would have 
gained great interest and support, taken much of the fire from companies 
such as Commodore, Atari, and 3DO, and most importantly, sold well and 
increased sales. Nintendo have made a big blunder, and they have already 
paid for it - but I believe that they can bounce back in 1996 just as 
they did with the SNES in 1991. If they plan things carefully with an 
objective foresight of the industry and the consumer up until that date, 
they can do this successfully. Project Reality and Nintendo are ridding 
on a fine edge, but they are not going to slip easily.


          úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
             ÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
             ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ   ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜÜ
             ÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ ÜÛÛŞÛÛŞÛÛßßß ÛÛ Û ÛÛİßßßßÛÛ
          °±²ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛßŞÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛ
          úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
THE review section is not an integral part of Frontier, though an 
important one. What is the use of talk on consoles, without reviews to 
assess the quality of games that are available? If you wish to write 
reviews for Frontier for any console, please check out the section: How 
*YOU* too can help out with Frontier. While reviews of new games is 
preferred, reviews of games up to around 6 months old will be published. 
   As mentioned at the start of Frontier -- I have been having some 
email problems in the last few weeks, so reviews that were promised 
never arrived. Things should be fixed in issue #2 and as a result you 
should see lots more reviews (expect around 4-5 each issue). Until then, 
you'll have to do with my own review of Mario All-Stars. Sorry, but 
things were really out of my control...

SUPER MARIO ALL-STARS
**********/\*********
FORMAT .............. Super Nintendo
DEVELOPER/PUBLISHER . Nintendo/Nintendo
RELEASE ............. October(ish), 1993
PRICE ............... $110 (varies depending on where you purchase)
SIZE ................ 16 megabit

LEVELS .............. Four Mario games in one, around 120 levels
DIFFICULTY .......... 2-3 weeks
PLAYERS ............. One or two

THE Mario series on Nintendo machines is one of the biggest ever selling 
computer games in the world. From the onset, Mario has become one of the 
biggest known characters across the world, even surpassing Mickey as the 
most popular character in Japan. While owners of the Genesis will find 
that Sonic is an excellent game along the same lines, most will agree that
Mario just has that certain something to attract the player of all ages 
time and time again. This has been shown, with a total of seven Mario 
Super Mario titles released previously across the world - two on the 
Gameboy, four on the NES, and only the one on the Super Nintendo, that 
was until Super Mario All-Stars came along.
   Mario All-Stars is probably the first cartridge of its type that has 
been seen a console, comprising of four full Mario games built into one 
ROM. The games are not identical copies of the originals, and Nintendo 
has taken the time to enhance all of the original graphics and sound. 
This makes MAS (Mario All-Stars) a game which is attractive to those who 
have played the Super Mario series on the 8 bit Nintendo and those who 
have still haven't. It definitely offers the latter, though those who 
have played the Super Mario series before may find little point in 
spending so much for something that is essentially the same game(s). 
While I've never really had the opportunity to play for any length of 
time the original series on the 8 bit formats, it doesn't take long 
playing Mario All-Stars to see why the Mario series has become so 
popular in the last ten years.
   The first thing that greets you in MAS is the noisy chatter of
voices, and then the sudden burst of colour and music that has made the 
Mario series so popular. A nice touch, though not quite the fancy 
introduction sequence that you've come to expect in many games. Press 
start and you are presented with digitised pictures of the original 
Super Mario boxes (plus release date) which you can scroll through. As 
the title probably suggests, Mario All-Stars is four complete Mario 
games in one:  Super Mario 1, Super Mario 2, Super Mario 3, and the Lost 
levels.
   Super Mario 1 would have to be one of my favourite games in MAS. 
Everything looks very Super Mario World-like and seems to be the most 
playable of them all. There are eight worlds, consisting of four levels 
each. At the end of each world is an end of level bad guy - 
unfortunately they vary very little, and are basically the same except 
for some extra moves. All the presentation has been fully reworked and 
the graphics are equivalent to Super Mario World. Very fun to play, with 
a fair degree of variety and unfortunately, too easy.
   The Lost Levels is the Mario that only has appeared in Japan on the 
NES. It is pretty much identical to Mario 1 but includes some extra 
features which you won't find in the other Mario games - also quite a 
bit harder than any of the others in the series. Worth playing when you 
have finished the others, though Super Mario 1 is a lot less 
frustrating.
   Mario 2 is quite a bit different to what you usually expect for the 
Mario series. Instead of bouncing on creatures to destroy them, you have 
to bounce on them and then pick them up and throw them away. Mario 2 
allows you to be one of four characters, each with different abilities: 
Mario, Luigi, the Princess, and Toad. This is the only Mario that you 
can play four characters, and means that tasks can be completed in a 
number of different ways by using different character's abilities. The 
usual creatures and monsters are quite different to other Mario games 
and lack general appeal. A variation at least, but spoils a little of 
the quick and fluent action of the other Mario games. Mario 2 would have 
to be slightly inferior to the other games in MAS. While not quite as 
fun as the others in the cartridge, it is still very playable.
   The third and final game in the cartridge - Super Mario 3 is probably 
the least enhanced of the bunch. Graphics have a fuzzy look to them, and 
the close detail is definitely below that of the other games. Nintendo 
needed to have taken some time to make this Mario the best of the lot, 
though it appears as if it is this one which they neglected. The good 
gameplay and large selection of levels means that the variety is bigger 
than the others, but presentation have let it down quite a lot. If only 
some extra effort was put into redoing the presentation, SM3 could have 
easily been the best of the four games in MAS.
   Graphics has been updated quite decently from the 8 bit originals
into 16 bit graphics, though to what extent depends on which Mario game 
you play. In the usual Mario style, sprites are cartoon-like and the 
backgrounds a little simple but it is the playability that sets it 
apart. Super Mario 1 has the more enhanced graphics, which figures 
considering it is now almost a decade old. Super Mario 2 and the Lost 
levels are much the same, but as mentioned, Mario 3 ironically has the 
more inferior graphics of the four. Comparing the graphics from MAS to 8 
bit Mario 3 most would pick few differences.
   Audio in Mario All-Stars is quite catchy, though eventually the
repetitive music can get on your nerves. The sound effects are used 
effectively, but maybe some digitised speech could have been added to 
give a greater atmosphere. 
   The manual is one of the more disappointing parts of the game. Really
it is nothing more than a cut down plot of the ones given in the 
originals, plus a short listing of the differences in each game. It is 
bearable because of the typical Mario style, but definitely one of the 
things that could have done with some more thought -- even a Mario 
history or something would have been quite a good addition.
   Players are simply not likely to get months and months out of MAS, I 
simply found it a little easy. The first Super Mario can be completed in 
about a day of play, already 1/4 of your $110 spent. The other Mario's 
seemed a bit harder and a bit longer, but nothing really could really 
slow me down for any length of time. Even the Lost levels, supposedly 
the hardest of them all wasn't *too* frustrating to play. Mario 3 offers 
about the longest challenge, though not necessarily the hardest one - it 
offers lots of interesting features and puzzles but most are easily 
navigated. Mario All-Stars would have to be considered less difficult on 
a level by level basis to Super Mario World, but the addition of 
literally hundreds of levels means that time to complete the cartridge is 
just about equal. If you find Super Mario hard to play, you'll probably 
find MAS just about right.
   Super Mario All-Stars is a good game in all respects - some might 
consider excellent, but then again, when it costs $110 it needs to be! 
When Nintendo charges that much for a game that is basically a rework of 
games already profited from, typical justifications are a little 
shallow. I definitely recommend you take some time playing the game 
before you go out and buy it. If you're a die-hard Mario fan you'll 
probably get it despite the expensive price, but otherwise take some 
time pondering whether your money might be better spent on another game. 
If it was simply another $30 less it would have to be one of those 'must 
buy' games. Nintendo has clearly marketed the game as a Christmas seller 
but with a sales price of so much above other games, it has not sold to 
predicted expectations - Nintendo should learn from this, though IMO 
most likely they won't. MAS offers lots of platform fun for everyone, 
and still contains that Mario charm. What I keep wondering is why 
Nintendo didn't take their time to develop a brand new Mario adventure? 
It is not likely that we are going to see another Mario title until 
Project Reality either. Choose your nail wisely sir....

Final analysis
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
                                   GRAPH                           SCORE

Sound effects      |****************************                    72%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Music              |**********************************              85%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Sprites            |*********************************               83%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Backgrounds        |**************************                      65%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Playability        |**************************************          95%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
IQ factor          |****************                                40%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Fun factor         |*************************************           92%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
Overall graphics   |*********************************               82%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
OVERALL            |***********************************             88%
                   +___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I___I.
      Percentage % 0  10  20  30  40  50  60  70  80  90  100

FINAL COMMENT: Mario All-Stars is a game which will appeal to most 
platform fans and those who have never played the Mario series before. A 
few extra (new) levels would have greatly increased the game.


           úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
           °±²ÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÜ ÛÛİÛÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ²±°
              ŞÛÛ   ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛİ ŞÛİÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ
              ŞÛÛ   ÛÛÛÛÜßŞÛÛÛÛÛİÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛ  ÛÛ
              ŞÛÛ   ÛÛ  ÛÛŞÛİ ŞÛİÛÛÛÛÛß ÛÛİÛÛ   ÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
           úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
THIS section is where you may place a private console related ad free of 
charge. You'll probably have equal luck advertising in the general 
*.forsale groups, but at least you can know that most reading this will 
own a console and will be interested. If you want an ad placed in Issue 
#2 of Frontier, send an ad to me in one of the following formats:

(*) WANTED: Second hand SNES for around $100. Must be in good condition 
and include original instructions. Contact Mr Imaginary, 
nowhere@example.only or voice on +1-502-000-0000

(*) FOR SALE: Castlevania IV for SNES. Includes original box and 
instructions. Asking $20. Contact Mr Imaginary, .... (etc)

(*) WANTED TO SWAP: Willing to swap Night Trap SegaCD for Jaguar games - 
Checkered Flag 2, Doom, or Bubsy. Contact Mr Imaginary, ....(etc)

* - This are just an example, so don't attempt to contact Mr. Imaginary!


                       úÄÄÄÄ The Cheater's ÄÄÄÄÄú
                          ÛÛÛÛÛÜŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛÛÛÛÛÛ
                          ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛÜÜÜ ÛÛ   ÛÛ
                          ÛÛ  ÛÛİÛÛßßß ÛÛ   ÛÛ
                       °±²ÛÛÛÛÛßŞÛÛÛÛÛÛŞÛ   ÛÛ²±°
                       úÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄú
FRONTIER hopes to include a variety of different cheats, hints, 
solutions, etc for systems and games of all different types. The aim is 
to produce new information that has not been published before, though 
this of course cannot always be guaranteed. If you have discovered a 
secret level, willing to contribute some accurate playing hints, just 
finished a game and are willing to produce a solution, or for that 
matter anything that will help out gamers, Frontier is after them!

SONIC CD (GenesisCD)
- by Feroz Jokhio (cf573@cleveland.freenet.edu)

Here's a ton os secret stuff for Sonic CD, no mag has it yet!

Special Stage Time Attack: 
        get the total time of the Time Attack to under 30 minutes
        go to the Time Attack main screen and press left

D.A. Garden:
        get the total time of the Time Attack to under 30 minutes
        at the title screen press start then right until you
        get to the option, its right of Ram Data
        In the D.A. Garden use d to move around the planet,
        c to zoom in/out, b to rotate and a for the sound test  

3D Virtual Mode:
        get the total time of the Time Attack to under 25 minutes
        Its found to the right of the D.A. Garden on the title screen
        in it you can look at the opening, good and bad endings and
        a pencil test.

Stage Select:
        On the title screen press up, down, down, left, right, 
        b....(sorry, cut off - email Feroz)

Sound Test:
        On the title screen press down, down, down, left, right, a....

Debug Mode:
        When in the sound test change the settings to 40, 12, 11
        then press start, you'll see a picture of tails, press start,
        choose continue or new game, b changes sonic into debug mode,
        a changes what sonic can place and c places whatever sonic is.

       Secret Special Stage:
        When in the sound test change the settings to 07, 07, 07
        press start and you'll be in a really hard special stage.

Artwork:
        When in the sound test each of the group of three numbers will
        present a different picture, when its on the correct numbers press 
        start to view. The number combinations are:
                42, 04, 21
                46, 12, 25
                44, 11, 09
                42, 03, 01

There's probably even more secret stuff in the game, I'll post up more
if I find out about anything else. 

Also, in Palmtree Panic Act I, there's a wall you can walk into and sonic
goes flying around the background then jumps out through a wall leaving
a sonic sized hole in the wall.

SILPHEED (Genesis CD) - To get an extra ten continues, when you are on 
your last continue, wait for it to time out and then enter 
RIGHT,UP,A,B,C,LEFT,RIGHT,DOWN,C,A,START. To get to a level select 
screen, enter DOWN,DOWN,UP,UP,RIGHT,LEFT,RIGHT,LEFT,A,B,START during the 
introduction screen.

ALADDIN (Genesis) - Press START,A,B,B,A,A,B,B,A (in that order) to skip 
to the end of the current level.

MORTAL KOMBAT (Genesis) - Press A,B,A,C,A,B,B on the option screen to
activate all of the hidden arcade fatalities and blood...

JURASSIC PARK (Genesis) - First of go to the password screen, and then 
exit it. Re-enter the PW screen, enter a valid password, move over the 
<< or >> controls and press A+B+C+START (all together). You should now 
be in an interesting cheat/options screen.

CRESCENT GALAXY (Jaguar) - Enter 1193 on the title screen with the second 
controller to activate a secret cheat mode.


SUPPORT SITES/DISTRIBUTION
************/\************
THE following places are the first to receive Frontier each month, and 
also carry previous issues. If you are after the latest issue of 
Frontier, these places are where you will find it:

VIOLENT CRIMES (BBS)
Melbourne, Australia
+61-3-562-1008
Sysop: Sudden Death

CUBENet (BBS)
Munich, Germany
+49-089-149-8811
Sysop: Peter Koehnkow
Extra Info: 44 lines! One of Europe's biggest BBS
            Fidonet (2:2480/66)

CARDIFF ARCHIVES (FTP)
London, United Kingdom
ftp.cm.cf.ac.uk
Sys admin: Simon McIntosh
Extra Info: Frontier is available in /pub/console/frontier
            Plenty of other console related material online

* You too can become a support site and be added to this list. All that 
  is required is for you to hold the current and back issues of 
  Frontier, and be able to FTP each issue as it is released. Simple...


HOW *YOU* TOO CAN HELP OUT FRONTIER
***************/\******************
FOR a magazine such as this to prosper, Frontier needs regular 
contributions from its readers. From general articles, new releases, to 
reviews and opinions, Frontier needs them all. Even small pieces of 
information which you feel may not or may not be important, don't 
hesitate to send them in. Most likely, if it hasn't been mentioned, we 
don't know about it!

If you wish to become a regular reviewer for Frontier, drop me a line 
stating the consoles you own, and which game(s) you want to review and 
I'll email you the 'Frontier reviewer's guide'. This guide should cover
everything you need to know about writing a review for this magazine, or 
for those who have never written a review before and want to.

The following things are specifically needed at present:

- Gameplay co-ordinator position: To compile a list of cheats, hints and 
  solutions for many games on many different platforms. You should be 
  an avid game player and be able to discover material for yourself - 
  eg: not taken straight from magazines.

- CD32 owners: Needed for reviews, and general comments, articles, etc. 
  As you can probably tell from this first issue, I have had trouble 
  tracking much of this material down. Unless I can get some CD32 
  reviews and articles, it is only going to receive minimal coverage of 
  Frontier - which would be a pity, since the CD32 is decent machine.

* For information on where to send any material or contributions, see 
  the following section.


HOW TO CONTACT FRONTiER
**********/\***********
IF you need to contact Frontier for any reason, to ask a question, to 
pose a question, to comment on the magazine or industry in general, or 
for any other reason, don't hesitate to mail! (as it were).

* Gordon Craick (chief editor) *

.._@/` Post: Gordon Craick       For those who do not have access to the
             16 Gums Avenue                   internet
             Belgrave, Victoria
             AUSTRALIA     3160

Email: pred@zikzak.apana.org.au   For response within a few minutes to a 
                                few days!

* Bradley Lascelle (new co-ordinator)

Email: bradley.lascelle@canrem.com  - Cananda

.:. If I don't receive your mail, try sending it again. If i *still* 
    don't receive your message, try posting a 'where are you?' post in 
    one of the console newsgroups (which I regularly monitor) and I 
    should be able to get back to you. Otherwise, don't worry, I'm 
    probably just dead :)


CREDITS/THANKS
******/\******
FRONTIER would like to thank all of those who have responded to the 
Frontier info post/FAQ which has been posted in the console newsgroups 
in the last few weeks. Your input has helped point out what the majority 
of you want, and Frontier appears to be already aiming for much the 
same. I hope you've liked this issue, and you can look forward to issues 
of Frontier to be released in the first week of every month. Issue #2 
should be out in April, and already articles are in production for the 
that issue. If you liked, or didn't liked the mag, please send back some 
comments so that we know what to improve on in future. Specific thanx 
goes out to:

. Tim Wenas - His article on shopping in the Asian markets & extras :)
. Feroz Jokhio - SonicCD cheat(s). We're looking for cheats such as these!
. Simon McIntosh - Offering to hold issues of Frontier at his FTP site
. Peter Koehnkow - Offering to be a Frontier support BBS
. Bradley Lascelle - For being the news co-ordinator and hopefully some
  reviews in the future!
. Marty Chinn - Some news, and also hopefully some reviews in issue #2.
. DiE productions - Distribution, support and more!
. Others who have contacted me and expressed interest in writing for
  Frontier, though didn't quite get around to it yet. Hopefully I can 
  see some of your material in issue #2.
. Those 'other' magazines which have contacted me - at least you weren't
  too hostile towards Frontier =B)
. YOU

* Unless otherwise indicated, all articles are written by Gordon Craick.

That's about it from the first ever issue of Frontier! Look out for 
issue #2 out in April....

        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-

   COPYRIGHT INFORMATION - FRONTIER MAGAZINE AND ALL ARTICLES CONTAINED
   WITHIN REMAIN THE LEGAL PROPERTY OF THE AUTHOR(S) UNDER EXISTING
   WORLDWIDE COPYRIGHT TREATIES AND IS (c) COPYRIGHT 1994. NO PART OF
   THIS MAGAZINE MAY BE DISTRIBUTED SEPARATELY OR SOLD FOR PROFIT 
   WITHOUT EXPLICIT PERMISSION FROM THE EDITOR AND RESPECTIVE AUTHOR'S.
     ALL COMPANIES AND NAMES MENTIONED IN THIS MAGAZINE REMAIN
   TRADEMARKS OF THEIR RESPECTIVE COMPANIES.
     FRONTIER CANNOT BE HELD RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSSES INCURRED FROM 
   INFORMATION IN THIS MAGAZINE, EITHER DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY. WHILE 
   CARE IS TAKEN TO ENSURE ACCURATE INFORMATION, FRONTIER CANNOT BE HELD 
   RESPONSIBLE FOR LOSSES.

        -=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
