
Message 1:
>From knight@eff.org Tue Aug 25 13:16:24 1992
Return-Path: <knight@eff.org>
Received: from eff.org by terminus.umd.edu (NeXT-1.0 (From Sendmail 5.52)/NeXT-2.0)
	id AA10645; Tue, 25 Aug 92 13:16:23 EDT
Received: from [192.77.172.117] (johnson.eff.org) by eff.org with SMTP id AA09548
 (5.65c/IDA-1.4.4/pen-ident for <walt@terminus.umd.edu>); Tue, 25 Aug 1992 13:15:37 -0400 
Message-Id: <199208251715.AA09548@eff.org>
Date: Tue, 25 Aug 1992 13:19:22 -0500
To: walt@terminus.umd.edu (Walt Gilbert)
From: Craig Neidorf <knight@eff.org>
Subject: Re: HoHo's are great
Status: R



[Pre Announcement - August 17, 1992]



dFx International Digest and cDc - Cult Of The Dead Cow proudly present :



                              The Third Annual



                               X M A S C O N



                                    AKA



                               H 0 H 0 C O N



                 "Here... why don't you talk to my lawyer"







Who:   All Hackers, Journalists, Security Personnel, Federal Agents,
       Lawyers, Authors and Other Interested Parties.


Where:                Howard Johnson's - Hobby Airport
                           7777 Airport Boulevard
                           Houston, Texas  77061
                                   U.S.A.

                            Tel: (800) 654-2000
                            Hou: (713) 644-1261
                            Fax: (713) 644-1117


When:      Friday December 18 through Sunday December 20, 1992



Somebody call hotel security, we're at it again! Xmas/HoHoCon '92, three years
and running. HoHoCon '91 turned out to be the largest and most chaotic
gathering of any other computer underground conference ever, yet it was also
the most organized and well planned. Everything from party ball soccer to
interhotel telegrams from Cliff Stoll to elite cYbuR-strippers, and everyone
from Bruce Sterling to Erik Bloodaxe & Doc Holiday of Comsec to K0DE WARRI0R
himself. It was also the first conference to produce .gifs, a definite new
trend. How we got away with it is still a mystery, and how we'll top it, I just
don't know. But you can bet we're gonna try! We're looking to get an even
larger group of people from the computer underground, computer security, media,
and telecommunications world together to discuss a variety of topics. Still no
ego trip either, the event will once again be open to the public so that anyone
may attend, and everyone is encouraged to participate in the activities.


                           Hotel Information
                           ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

This year, we've moved the conference from Intercontinental Airport to Hobby
Airport. This was mainly due to conference room availability and room pricing.
It shouldn't create an inconvenience as most airlines service both Airports.

The Hobby Airport Howard Johnson's Lodge is located almost directly across the
street from the entrance of the airport (approximately one block west if facing
the airport). The HoHoCon group room rates are $41.00 plus tax (15%) per night,
your choice of either single or double. There are also 2 suites available, a
mini and a large. You can call the hotel for pricing and availability of the
suites. Once again, when you make your reservations (800-654-2000, which is
also reachable from Houston), you will need to tell them you are with the
HoHoCon Conference to receive the reduced room rate, otherwise you will be
shelling out $59.00. There is no charge for children, regardless of age, when
they occupy the same room as their parents. Specially designed rooms for the
handicapped are available. The hotel provides free on call transportation to
and from the airport. The hotel restaurant, The Mulberry Tree, is open from 6
a.m. to 10 p.m. Meal prices range between $5 and $10, with breakfast being
 closer
to $5 and dinner closer to $10. There is also a buffet available for $6.95. The
hotel bar, The Hobby Saloon, is open from 2 p.m. to 2 a.m. and features the
general assortment of table games and bar attractions. There is an outdoor pool
and an exercise room. Car rental agencies are located in the lobbies of both
the hotel and airport. Unlike last year, there will be no need to hack the
television sets as the hotel provides free cable tv, which includes HBO (don't
know about those wonderfully edited R rated hotel pornos yet, kidz). Check-in
and check-out times are both 12:00 noon. Earlier check-in is allowed if there
are rooms available. If you need further information, contact us or the hotel
directly.

If you are only able to get a flight into Intercontinental Airport, there is a
shuttle that will take you to Hobby for $11.50. Departures start at 10 a.m. and
continue until 10 p.m., leaving every hour on the hour. For more information
contact the Hobby Airport Limousine Service at (713) 644-8359.

Similar to last year, the hotel is placing the HoHoCon guests (those renting
rooms) in their own building (smart move). Thus, we are encouraging people to
make their reservations as early as possible to ensure themselves a room in our
building. As of this writing, there are 6 rooms reserved and there is a total
of 40 rooms in the building.


                                 Directions
                                 ~~~~~~~~~~

If you plan to drive to the conference, plan your route to get you to
Interstate 45. From there, if you are coming from the North (which most of you
will be), take I-45 South to the Broadway exit. Make a right on Broadway and
drive down for about a mile or so until you come to Airport Boulevard (you will
be right in front of the airport at this point). Make a right on Airport
Boulevard and the hotel is one block down on the right.

If you are coming from the South, take I-45 North to Airport Boulevard. Go left
on Airport Boulevard and the hotel will be on the right, one block past the
airport.


                             Conference Details
                             ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

HoHoCon will last 3 days, with the actual conference being held on Saturday,
December 19, starting at 11:00 a.m. or 12:00 noon, depending on the number of
speakers, and continuing until 4:30 p.m. The reason for having to vacate the
conference room so early is because there is a Christmas party following our
conference. Hopefully, the partiers will get so drunk, loud and obnoxious that
the hotel staff won't have the time to pay attention to us.

This is actually a pre 'official announcement', so at this point, we don't
exactly have all of the conference itself planned. We are still in the midst of
arranging times and confirming speakers. We would like to have a number of
people speak on a varied assortment of topics. If you would like to speak,
please contact us as soon as possible and let us know who you are, who you
represent (if anyone), the topic you wish to speak on, a rough estimate of how
long you will need, and whether or not you will be needing any audio-visual
aids. The main announcement will probably be going out in three weeks, and we
will be releasing updates every three to four weeks after that.

We would like to have people bring interesting items and videos again this
year, so if you have anything you think people would enjoy having the chance to
see, please let us know ahead of time, and tell us if you will need any help
getting it to the conference. If all else fails, just bring it to the con and
give it to us when you arrive. We will also include a list of items and videos
that will be present in a future update.

We received a nice amount of media support last year in the form of
pre-conference announcements and would greatly appreciate the same this year.
Besides our updates, you will most likely be able to get HoHoCon details from
CuD, Informatik, Mondo 2000, and Phrack Magazine. If you are a journalist and
would like to do a story on HoHoCon 92, or know someone who would, contact us
with any questions you may have, or feel free to use and reprint any
information in this file.

If anyone requires any additional information, needs to ask any questions,
wants to RSVP, or would like to be added to the mailing list to receive the
HoHoCon updates, you may write myself (Drunkfux) or any of the other HoHoCon
planning committee members (uh... whoever they may be) at:


                          dfx@nuchat.sccsi.com

For those without net access, we'll list a few boards to reach us on in the
upcoming announcement, as well as a P.O. Box. Currently, your best bet would be
to try any of the cDc systems. Mainly, Demon Roach Underground - (806)
794-4362, Login: THRASH, NUP: Jihad (I think).

HoHoCon 92 will be a priceless learning experience for professionals (yeah,
right) and gives journalists a chance to gather information and ideas direct
from the source. It is also one of the very few times when all the members of
the computer underground can come together for a realistic purpose. We urge
people not to miss out on an event of this caliber, which doesn't happen very
often. If you've ever wanted to meet some of the most famous people from the
hacking community, this may be your one and only chance. Don't wait to read
about it in all the magazines, and then wish you had attended, make your plans
to be there now! Be a part of what we hope to be our largest and greatest
conference ever.

Remember, to make your reservations, call (800) 654-2000 and tell them you're
with HoHoCon.


