                        This is a wussy essay
                       that I wrote for English
                        Class.  If you want to
                       use this as a clever and
                        naughty ploy to get on 
                       your teacher's good side
                       and put yer name on it, go
                      ahead.  But if yer about to
                     distribute it, leave my fraggin
                              name on it.
                
                             -=* Mother 69 *=-

  Things that are important to me are so numerous, but some are much more 
important when compared to others.  One of the most important things to me is 
love.  I need it, I thrive on love, life without love is not life, but a limbo 
where time has no meaning, death is but a chore, and you have no one to call a 
friend.

  Love is an elemental; Earth, Wind, Fire, Water and Love.  It has a symbolic 
association with these Elements, like the Earth it will be under you for as 
long as you live, it can also be raging and hot like the Fire, but you have to 
keep under control otherwise it can get out of control as fires too often do.  
Love is immaterial like the wind, but it can make its presence known, and 
devistatingly so.  Finally love is most like the Water because it is a part of 
all living things, It can keep you afloat, yet it can suck you under, when 
this happens you have 2 options, sink or swim. Personally, I like to swim in 
it, it may be infinate in it's depths, infinite in its scope, but you can draw 
energy from that infinitness, energy that can keep you treading forever.  Love 
can also be like a turbulent river, fast flowing and hard to safely tread, 
overflowing its boundries but once in a while, but it is also beautiful to 
behold from afar.

  Wow, I really got carried away for a little bit there, eh?  As for my 
self-image, I view myself as a loner basically because not too many people 
give much of a chance.  Will you give me a chance?  I may come off as a 
little strange, weird even.  Deep down inside I'm a great guy, really I am.  
You can even ask my mom <g>.

  What angers me and things that I dislike are too numerous to tell, so I will 
tell you what I like.  By the way, this will be in the form of a stream of 
consiousness.

  I like evenings on the beach, driving, biking, long walks, swing sets, 
swimming in March, parades, hugs, beer J, friends, making friends, writing, 
reading, telling jokes, women (he he he), the color green, The Dead Milkmen, 
my brother, my mother, computers, sunsets, kissing, long talks, sleeping, 
sorting out others' problems (when I actually have my life in order), art, 
museums, English III, holding hands, cats, hamsters, little kids, amusement 
parks, movies, Shakespear, painting, long showers, and finally gazing into 
(secret woman)'s eyes.

  I lied, there is one thing, NO!, two things that I will tell you that I 
dislike.  The first one is shaving, now who is the comeplete idiot who 
ivnented this evil of all evils?  I mean, what is the use of facial hair to 
the modern man, other than an inconvienience?  The other thing that I cannot 
stand that I will tell you of is hangnails, who can't hate those denziens of 
hell?  They are small, yet painful and hard to get rid of at the same time, 
truely a pleasure when you are typing or something else that you would happen 
to be doing with your fingers.


  Now for friends, oh boy, joy of all joys, you picked my favorite thing 
(sarcasm).  I feel that I can trust my friends until the end of the world, but 
then there are some who really make me want to retch.  (Ahhhhhh, teenage 
woe's, don't you love them?  I sure do.)  I am not going to mention any names 
here, but I will say that people tend to (male organ) you over when it is to 
their advantage, say... I dunno... if they like your ex-girlfriend.  Now maybe 
this guy who is doing this is your best friend, and he knows that you want to 
get back togeather with this girl, but since you two are no longer going 
steady, he goes in for the kill.  He he he he he, that is what I look for in a 
friend.  Seriously tho, what I look for in a friend is definitely a sense of 
humor and intelligence.  What is a friend if you cannot freely converse about 
things that are on your mind?  One sided conversations are so very boring, I 
need feedback.  I need to be able to talk about a wide range of things, not 
just what group released their new album, or who is on the Letterman show 
tonite, or Bioelectromagneticology (say that three times fast.)  I need to 
talk about all three, and more, much more, I get so bored just talking about 
one thing that I want to scream bloody murder until the other person get the 
hint or bleeds out of the ears.

  What makes me different from most people is the way I dress I guess, that 
and my attitude to the rest of society.  By the way I dress I guess is most 
different from everyone is that I have yet to see someone wear the same types 
of clothing on the same day.  I like to mix and match clothing from the 
different clicks from our society in general, the teen groups if you will.  As 
for my attitude towards the world, it is quite a carefree way of carrying 
myself.  I feel that there is not much that I can do as a teenager, other 
than complain and protest, but until I reach the tender old age of 18 can I 
have any say in the government.  "What does the 17 and younger section of the 
country think?  Who cares, they cannot vote me in, so they can go to (nasty 
place) for all I care."

  As for my future, I don't know what to expect exactly, but I know that it 
will be interesting to say the least.  I seem to attract other interesting 
people that are looking for facinating people, I guess I qualify.  Other than 
that, I guess that it's OCC for 2 years, Rutgers for as long as I can keep up 
with it, and from there on, I don't know.  I tend to play things by ear too 
often, I guess that's the reason that I am so bored all of the time.  The 
future is shakey, but I for some reason see great things coming from me, 
basically because my good friend and confidant Mark White told me so, and 
that is nothing to scoff at.  You gotta meet this guy, funny and cool, great 
combo.


              Don't worry about me, because I don't.



                       -=* Mother 69 *=-
