
  Welcome to yet another issue of THO, this would happen to be issue
  #11,  not much to say, so without furthur ado, here's my next
  installation.


***************************************************************************

  
                   _ÜÛ²±° PiP's Modern Day Fables °±²ÛÜ_
                    ßÛ²±° That You Can Learn From °±²Ûß


BOB AND THE BROKEN KNEECAPS

  Whilst traveling to work one day Bob noticed a blue smoke coming from
his muffler.

  "Hmmm...", said Bob "I guess that it must be my muffler.  I'll go to
the friendly neighborhood muffler shop and have them fix it."

  As luck would have it, there was a muffler shop called Jim's Muffler
Palace not a block away.  Bob pulled into the shop and proceded to talk
to Jim the Muffler King.

  "'Scuse me sir, but I seem to be having problems with my muffler and I
wondering if you would please remedy my problem.", quoteth Bob.

  "Of course we can help you sir, let me take a look at your muffler for
little while.  Please take a seat in our comfy waiting room and I will
be right with you."

  After about 2 hours Jim came back from inspecting Bob's muffler and
said "Yeah, it's your muffler allright.  Gonna have to replace it."

  This angered Bob because he allready knew that they would have to
replace the muffler, but he held in his anger.  Bob's therapist had told
him to try not to get angry often, as he tended to get aggressively
voilent and hear voices.

  "Ok, how much will this cost me?"

  "Well, we have the gold plated model here which is 200 dollars, the
platinum version on sale for 175 dollars, or there is allways the balsa wood
version for 17 dollars and 13 cents."

  "I think that I will take the balsa model please.", said Bob.

  After another hour or so Jim came back from the garage and rang up the
charges.  "That'll be 17 dollars and 13 cents sir."

  Bob took out his wallet and took out 17 dollars exactly.  He hadn't
any change, so he searched the floor of the store for change and found
12 cents.

  "Hehehe... I guess that you'll have to spare me a penny buddy." Bob
said grinning.

  "Sorry sir, that's against store policy.  If you want your car back
you'll have to pay the full price of 17 dollars and 13 cents... 12 cents
just doesn't cut it."

  It was at that moment Bob stormed into the garage and opened the trunk
of his car which contained an aluminum baseball bat.  "I think that this
will change your mind about the penny, dickweed."

  The attendant still refused to let Bob go on the penny, so Bob decided
crush his kneecaps into powder and drive his car away laughing
hysterically.

MORAL: If someone has a baseball bat, and you're unarmed, don't piss
him/her off.

*************************************************************************

  Oh!! That was a very nice story boys and girls!!!  Welp, call up the
  Asylum if you are interested in being a member of THO.  l8er

    -Pip the Angry Youth
 
 
 
 
 ÚÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄ¿
 ³    T H E  A S Y L U M     ³
 ³      (908)914-9318        ³
 ³        H/P/A/C/V          ³       OFFICIAL THO DIST SITE
 ³          RPGnet           ³       OFFICIAL C0RPSE DIST SITE
 ³        100:1908/3         ³
 ³          DRAGnet          ³       SysOp:      AnsiBoy:
 ³          1:141/4          ³        Panther     PiP the Angry Youth
 ³ Come... Join the Insanity ³
 ÀÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÄÙ
