

  A few issues  back, I said that THO  was dead, well not any more.  I
  have decided to take it  back online with an all new cast!  Mabcoss,
  Mendlivian,  Kirrel Fenn and Isolt.  Tripping Jackrabbit has decided
  to start up  his own little  text group  with  himself,  basically a
  diary group, but whatever floats his boat right? :)  Icarus probably
  doesn't even  remember  being a member :).   Psychosis never wrote a
  thing for us,  but that's ok.  The new cast and crew of THO shall be
  bigger and better than the old.  Hope  to see you  want to  apply to
  us in the future.


                   Peace,
                     Pip the Angry Youth




>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>X<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<


                         THO #9 : Commentary
                       By: Pip the Angry Youth


  This country is going to hell in a handbasket.  We are the Butthead
Generation, I don't know about you but that makes me rather sad and
dissapointed.  A country of teenagers trying to impersonate 2 ficticious
people who have nothing to say except "Uh huh huh, that was cool." and
"FIRE FIRE FIRE!!!"

  We need to wake ourselves up and slap each other in the face to
realize what's happening to us, we are becoming brainwashed by that big
black box in the living room that is on allmost all day, the damned
television.  It shoves beautiful people at us, makes conversations and
arguments over people who we have no clue as to what it's like to be
them and call it a Talk Show.  Conversation is dead and your TV holds
the smoking gun that shot it down.  Get up, stand up, read a fucking
book or write a story or a simple commentary like this one to awaken
your mind and expose your heart.  Don't be afraid to look someone in the
eye when you are talking to them, don't stare at the ground or stare
into thin air while walking somewhere so you don't have to deal with
other people, a simple "hello" will suffice nicely.  DON'T BE SUCH A
WIMP!!!

  We are also a very contridictive race.  We are scared to do something
about anything, but we are glued to the TV whenever there's a new murder
in a city or a devastating force of nature decides to make havoc across
the country.  To quote King Missile "Why are we allways so reactive?
Let's activate something!"  Why don't you get off of your Lazy Boy
recliner and put down your Budweiser and go out and play with your kids?
Make a good impression on a neighbor who is struggling with their
yardwork instead of ignoring them and pretend like you don't know that
somehting is going on, just help them.  You see someone of another
ethnic back ground walking the street, don't purposefully cross the
street and pretend like they're not there, just say "hi" to them or at
least acknowledge that they are there, brighten their day.  As my friend
Matt said to me today "Y'know, you really should look a cashier in the
eye and smile, it brightens their day."  A spec of human compassion goes
a long way today because it's such a rarity.


  Thanks for your time, it's been real.

       Pip the Angry Youth


/////////////////////////////////////\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\\

  Well, so much for #9.  I have several things that I had saved up for
  HardSnot that I am going to use for THO now, makes things muchas
  easier for me that way :)



