                                 
                              Not yo mama's net! 

                      AlleyNet Sysop's Documentation v3.0
                                  July 6, 1994
                       AlleyNet (c) 1994 Ryan A. Simpson

The top brass:

Ryan Simpson      Danbury, CT        Fidonet 1:141/915      AlleyNet
200:203/2
                   AlleyNet System Coordinator / Co-developer
                   Sysop of La Casa de Simpson, 203-744-2714

Jon Persky        Weston, CT         Fidonet 1:141/256      AlleyNet
200:203/4
                   AlleyNet Region Coordinator / Co-developer
                   Sysop of Pultonium Playground, 203-454-2286

Frederick Tan     Trumbull, CT       Fidonet 1:141/440   AlleyNet 200:203/140
                   AlleyNet Echo Coordinator / Resident Cool Guy
                   Sysop of The Wacko Board ][, 203-261-3130

Rich Unger        Stratford, CT      Internet rbu@fcc.com
                   "The Unofficial Official", now officially official.
                   Too cheap to buy a phone line.

Special Thanks to:
Mike Zelkin, Alison Cozzubbo (wherever she is), Steve Ungvary, and all our 
sysops and users.


I. What is AlleyNet?
        AlleyNet is like no other net you've ever seen. You won't find
annoying moderators, totalitarian way of life, and general restrictions on
everything. Instead, your opinions will actually matter. Every node in
AlleyNet becomes an integral part of the decision-making process. On the
whole, however, the whole object is to have fun. Nothing serious exists
here. We can go to school if we want that crap. :)

II. Where did AlleyNet originate?
        The net was first envisioned by Ryan Simpson and Alison Cozzubbo,
sysop of the late Cat's Alley BBS in New Fairfield, CT. Hence the name
"AlleyNet" was derived. AlleyNet's first test message occurred on January
21, 1994. Starting in April 1994, the net started to expand throughout much
of western Connecticut. Now, we are looking to expand throughout the state
of Connecticut as well as into New York state and beyond. With your help,
we will be able to do this.

III. How do I get hooked up?
        Potential AlleyNet sysops don't exactly have to take the SATs to
hook up. In fact, we just ask that your system:
        1) Is up when you say it is up. If you say it is up 24 hours a day,
we shouldn't get a 19-hour string of "No Carriers" trying to poll you.
        2) Does not blatantly engage in illegal activities. We're not the
FBI, we're not going to search for a hidden section on your board, but this
is a legitimate net.
        3) Are willing to take responsibility for your users who post on
the net.
        All potential AlleyNet sysops must complete the application file
ALLEY.APP with their full real information. This file should be sent to
one of the "top brass", or (when we get that far) your local
hub, via netmail. You will then be assigned to a hub or sub-hub, or you
will be asked to become a hub or sub-hub (completely voluntary of course.)
Node numbers in most cases are up to you to decide, within the confines of
the numbering system of the particular hub or sub-hub you're in.

IV. The numbering system
        AlleyNet's zone number is 200; however, we may be forced to change
this. The middle number, or net number, will generally correspond to the
area code of the node. For example, all AlleyNet nodes in Connecticut will
belong to Net 203. However, once again we may be forced to revise this if
there are too many nodes and not enough numbers.
        Almost every system will either be a hub, sub-hub, or a downlink of
a hub or sub-hub. Hubs will have node numbers ending with 00, for example,
Jon Persky's address is 200:203/100 (although since he is an administrative
node, he uses 200:203/4.) Sub-hubs are like hubs in that they distribute
mail to several downlinks. However, sub-hubs still belong to the main hub,
subscribe to the hub echo, and send mail (in most cases) directly to the
main hub. We don't have a set policy as of yet in numbering, but it is
suggested that one set of numbers is reserved for downlinks off the main
hub and another set is reserved for downlinks off sub-hubs. For example, we
hope to set up a sub-hub in the Stamford exchange. Its node number would be
200:203/150. It would send all mail to Jon at /100, but all of Stamford's
downlinks will send mail to Stamford instead.
        Confused? Good. That's our hypnotic way of dragging you into the
net.. AAAAAA! :)

V. Echos
        AlleyNet echos will each be identified by the header "AL_". For
example, our For Sale echo is AL_FORSALE. Sysops are encouraged to fully
distinguish AlleyNet echos from FidoNet echos, since we are an entirely
separate net.
        Almost all echos will have moderators. This is just out of
necessity to prevent virtual anarchy, :) but as we've said we're not going
to be proteges of HUMOR moderators. (If you've ever posted anything on the
HUMOR echo, you know what we're talking about...) Moderators are appointed
by the AlleyNet heads, however; sysops may petition us if they feel a
moderator is overstepping his or her bounds.
        Echo rules will be posted regularly by the moderator. Sysops are
expected to ensure that their users do not overstep their bounds (wow, I
like saying "overstepping bounds" today..) We suggest that sysops not give
users write access to AlleyNet echos until they have been verified for full
access on his or her BBS. Sysops should also allow or disallow the use of
handles on each individual echo based on the moderator's guidelines.
        If a user or Sysop wishes to create a new echo, he or she should
post in AL_SUGBOX. Almost all ideas will be approved unless they are
obscene or practically the same as another echo.

VI. Something buggin' ya?
        We do our best to listen to Sysops and users. If you have a
complaint or suggestion, post in AL_SUGBOX. If you want to inform us of a
wascaly moderator, AL_MODDEC is where you should post. All grievances will
be fully considered by us. Of course, if you have a private question or
complaint, you can handle it in Netmail.

VII. Want to learn more before committing?
        Netmail one of us and we'll explain anything that you need. Also,
Ryan, Jon, and lots of other AlleyNet gurus hang out in the FidoNet echo
TEENOPUS and INTERUSER. You can find one or both of us there, as well as
lots of other AlleyNet VIPS. Woops, I said that already. I'm a little
redundant today. Oh well..

Thanx to Jon Persky for typing this thing out. It was worth the effort. It
looks pretty damn good. I think I'm gonna frame it.

