  This article, "Computer Electronic Mail and Privacy," appeared in THE
  COMPUTER LAW AND SECURITY REPORT (4 Comp. L.Sec. Rpt. 4-8, Nov/Dec
  1987).  It appeared as part of a special "Information Law" section of
  the British print publication.  The article is about the American
  federal statute known as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of
  1986.  This article is:

                Copyright 1986, 1987 Ruel T. Hernandez
  Copies of this copyrighted article may only be used for PERSONAL USE.
  This file replaces and supersedes documents found in PRIVACY.LBR and
  PRIVACY2.LBR.
  (PRIVACY.TXT - this has WordStar dot commands and Ctrl-P print codes)


                  COMPUTER_ELECTRONIC_MAIL_AND_PRIVACY

                                     by
                             Ruel T. Hernandez

                               July 27, 1987

                 Copyright 1986, 1987 by Ruel T. Hernandez


                                INTRODUCTION

     Three years ago, Congress introduced legislation which sought to 
provide federal statutory guidelines for the privacy protection of 
electronic communications, including electronic mail (e-mail) found on 
commercial computer-based services and on other remote computer systems such 
as electronic bulletin board systems (BBS).  The old federal wiretap law 
only gave protection to normal audio telephone communications.  Before the 
legislation culminated into the Electronic Communications Privacy Act of 
1986 (ECPA), which went into effect on January 20, 1987, there was no 
contemplation of computer-based electronic communications being transmitted 
across telephone lines and then being stored on disk for later retrieval by 
or forwarding to its intended recipient.  Federal law did not provide 
guidelines for protecting the transmitted electronic messages once they were 
stored on these computer-based communications services and systems.

                                 QUESTIONS

     (1) Whether electronic mail and other intended private material stored 
on an electronic computer communications service or system have Fourth 
Amendment privacy protection?

     (2) Should private electronic mail and other such material be accorded 
federal statutory protection guidelines such as those enjoyed by the U.S. 
Mail?

                                  PROBLEM

     Law enforcement seeks criminal evidence stored as e-mail either on a 
commercial computer service, such as CompuServe, GEnie or The Source, or on 
a hobbyist-supported BBS.  (Note, this situation is equally applicable to 
personal, private data stored on a remote system for later retrieval, such 
as with CompuServe's "personal file" online storage capabilities.)

     For example, a computer user calls up a computer communication system.  
Using the electronic mail function, he leaves a private message that can 
only be read by an intended recipient.  The message is to inform the 
recipient of a conspiracy plan to violate a federal or state criminal 
statute.  Law enforcement gets a tip about the criminal activity and learn 
that incriminating evidence may be found on the computer system.

     In 1982, such a situation occurred.  (Meeks, Life_at_300_Baud:_Crime_on 
the_BBS_Network, Profiles, Aug. 1986, 12-13.) A Detroit federal grand jury, 
investigating a million-dollar cocaine ring, issued a subpoena ordering a 
commercial service, The Source, to hand over private subscriber data files.  
The files were routinely backed up to guard against system crashes.  The 
grand jury was looking for evidence to show that the cocaine ring was using 
The Source as a communications base to send messages to members of the ring. 
With such evidence, the grand jury could implicate and indict those 
suspected of being part of the cocaine ring.  The Source refused to obey the 
subpoena on the basis of privacy.  The prosecution argued The Source could 
not vicariously assert a subscriber's privacy rights.  Constitutional rights 
are personal and could only be asserted by the person whose rights are 
invaded.  Additionally, since the files containing messages were duplicated 
by the service, any user expectation of privacy would be extinguished.  A 
court battle ensued.  However, before a ruling could be made, the kingpin of 
the cocaine ring entered a surprise preemptime guilty plea to federal drug 
trafficking charges.  The case against The Source was discontinued.

     Publicly posted messages and other public material may be easily 
retrieved by law enforcement.  It is the private material, such as e-mail, 
which posed the problem.

     Law enforcement's task was then to gather enough evidence to 
substantiate a criminal case.  Specifically, they would want the e-mail, or 
other private files, transmitted by suspected criminals.  In oppostion, the 
provider or systems operator of a computer communications service or system, 
in his assumed role as keeper of transmitted private electronic messages, 
would not want to turn over the private data.

                           INADEQUACY OF OLD LAW

     Meeks noted that as of August, 1986, "no ...  protection exist[ed] for 
electronic communications.  Any law enforcement agency can, for example, 
confiscate a local BBS and examine all the message traffic," including and 
private files and e-mail.  (Id.)

CASE LAW

     There is little case law available on computer communications and 
Fourth Amendment constitutional problems.  (See_generally M.D. Scott, 
Computer Law, 9-9 (1984 & Special Update, Aug. 1, 1984).)  If not for the 
preemptive guilty plea, the above described Detroit case may have provided 
some guidance on computer-based communications and privacy issues.  

     Of the available cases, there are those which primarily dealt with 
financial information found in bank and consumer credit organization 
computers.  In U.S._v._Davey, 426 F.2d 842, 845 (2 Cir. 1970), the 
government had the right to require the production of relevant information 
wherever it may be lodged and regardless of the form in which it is kept and 
the manner in which it may be retrieved, so long as it pays the reasonable 
costs of retrieval.  In a California case, Burrows_v._Superior_Court, 13 
Cal. 3d 238, 243, 118 Cal. Rptr. 166, 169 (1974), a depositor was found to 
have a reasonable expectation that a bank would maintain the confidentiality 
of both his papers in check form originating from the depositor and the 
depositor's bank statements and records of those checks.  However, in 
U.S._v. Miller, 425 U.S. 435, 96 S.Ct. 1619 (1976), customer account 
records on a bank's computer were held to not be private papers of the bank 
customer, and, hence, there was no Fourth Amendment problem when they are 
subpoenaed directly from the bank.

     Although these cases have more of a business character in contrast to 
personal e-mail found on computer systems such as CompuServe or a hobbyist-
supported BBS, they would hold that there would be very little to legally 
stop unauthorized access to computer data and information.  

     Under the old law, a prosecutor, as in the Detroit case, may try to 
analogize duplicated and backed up e-mail to business situations where data 
on business computer databases are also backed up.  Both types of computer 
data are stored on a system and then later retrieved.  The provider or 
systems operator of a computer electronic communications system would 
counterargue that the nature of computers always require the duplication and 
backup of any computer data, whether the data files be e-mail or centrally- 
based financial or credit data.  Data stored on magnetic media are prone to 
possible destruction.  Duplication does not necessarily make e-mail the same 
as financial or credit data stored in business computers.  Centrally-based 
business information is more concerned with the data processing.  That 
information is generally stored and retrieved by the same operator.  E-mail 
is more concerned with personal communications between individuals where the 
sender transmits a private message to be retrieved only by an intended 
recipient.  The sender and the recipient have subjective expectations of 
privacy that when viewed objectively are reasonable.  Therefore, there would 
be a constitutionally protected expectation of privacy under Katz_v._U.S., 
389 U.S. 347, 88 S.Ct. 507 (1967).

     However, the prosecution would note under California_v._Ciraolo, -- 
U.S. --, 106 S.Ct. 1809 (1984), users would have to protect their electronic 
mail from any privacy intrusion.  The provider or operator of the service or 
system has ultimate control over it.  He has complete access to all areas of 
the system.  He could easily examine the material.  The prosecution would 
note the user could not reasonably protect his private data from provider or 
operator invasion.  This "knot-hole," where an observer can make an 
observation from a lawful position, would exclude any reasonable expectation 
of privacy.  If there is no privacy, there can be no search and therefore no 
Fourth Amendment constitutional violation.  Law enforcement can retrieve the 
material.

     The Justice Department noted the ambiguity of the knothole in a 
response to Senator Leahy's question whether the then existing wiretap law 
was adequate to cover computer communications.  (S. Rep. No. 541, 99th 
Cong., 2d Sess. 4 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & Ad. News 3558.)  It 
was "not always clear or obvious" whether a reasonable expectation of 
privacy existed.  (Id.)

FEDERAL WIRETAP STATUTES

     The old federal wiretap statutes protected oral telephone 
communications from police interceptions.  This protection was made during 
1968 in response to electronic eavesdropping conducted by government.  
(Cohodas, Congress_Races_to_stay_Ahead_of_Technology, Congressional 
Quarterly Weekly Report, May 31, 1986, 1235.)  Although e-mail appears to 
come under the old 18 U.S.C. sec. 2510(1) definition of "wire 
communication," it was limited to audio transmissions by wire or cable.  The 
old 18 U.S.C. sec. 2510(4) required that an interception of a wire 
communication be an aural acquisition of the communication.  By being 
"aural," the communication must be "heard." There would be a problem as to 
whether an electronic communication could be "heard."  Data transmissions 
over telephone lines generally sound like unintelligible noisy static or 
high pitched tones.  There would certainly be no protection after a 
communication has completed its transmission and been stored on a computer.  
The communication's conversion into computer stored data, thus no longer in 
transmission until later retrieved or forwarded as transmission to another 
computer system, would clearly take the communication out of the old 
statutory protected coverage.

     "Eighteen years ago ... Congress could not appreciate - or in some 
cases even contemplate - [today's] telecommunications and computer 
technology...."  (132 Cong. Rec. S7992 (daily ed. June 19, 1986) (statement 
of Sen. Leahy).) 

COMPARISON WITH U.S. MAIL PROTECTION 

     A letter sent by first class mail is given a high level of protection 
against unauthorized intrusion by a combination of federal and U.S. Postal 
Service statutes and regulations.  For instance, the unauthorized taking out 
of and examining of the contents of mail held in a "depository for mail 
matter" before it is delivered to the mail's intended recipient is 
punishable by fine, imprisonment, or both.  (18 U.S.C. sec. 1702.)  In 
comparison, under the old law, electronic communications had no protection.  
Federal protection for U.S. Mail provided a suggested direction as to how 
electronic communications should be protected when it was no longer in 
transmission.  

                           SOLUTION - THE NEW LAW

     There are two methods towards a solution: (1) court decisions; or (2) 
new legislated privacy protection.

COURT DECISIONS

     Courts may have chosen to read computer communications protection into 
the old federal wiretap statute or into existing state law.  However, they 
were reluctant to do so.  Courts "are in no hurry to [revise or make new law 
in this area] and some judges are openly asking Congress for help....  
[F]ederal Appeals Court Judge Richard Posner in Chicago said Congress needed 
to revise current law, adding that 'judges are not authorized to amend 
statutes even to bring them up-to-date.'" (Cohodas, 1233.)

NEW STATUTE

     Last October 21, 1986, President Reagan signed the new Electronic 
Communications Privacy Act of 1986 amending the federal wiretap law.  ECPA 
has since went into effect during the beginning of 1987.  (P.L.  99-508, 
Title I, sec. 111, 100 Stat. 1859; P.L. 99-508, Title II, sec. 202, 100 
Stat. 1868.)  ECPA created parallel privacy protection against both 
interception of electronic communications while in transmission and 
unauthorized access to electronic communications stored on a system.

     The new ECPA first provides privacy protection for any 

     'electronic communication' ... [by] any transfer of signs, 
     signals, writing, images, sounds, data or intelligence of any 
     nature transmitted in whole or in part by a wire, radio, 
     electromagnetic, photoelectronic or photooptical system that 
     affects interstate or foreign commerce...."  

(18 U.S.C. secs. 2510(12), 2511.)  The Senate Report noted examples of 
electronic communications to include non-voice communications such as 
"electronic mail, digitized transmissions, and video teleconferences."  (S.  
Rep. No. 541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 14 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & 
Ad. News 3568.)  Electronic communication is defined in terms of how it is 
transmitted.  So long as the means by which a communication is transmitted 
affects interstate or foreign commerce, the communication is covered ECPA.  
(18 U.S.C. sec. 2510(12).)  Generally, that would include all telephonic 
means including private networks and intra-company communications.  (S.  
Rep. No. 541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 12 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & 
Ad. News 3566.)  

     Second, ECPA protects the electronic communication when it has been 
stored after transmission, such as e-mail left on an electronic computer 
communication system for later pickup by its intended recipient.  (18 U.S.C. 
sec. 2510(17).)  The legislation makes it a federal criminal offense to 
break into any electronic system holding private communications or to exceed 
authorized access to alter or obtain the stored communications.  (18 U.S.C. 
sec. 2701(a).)  

     The legislation would protect electronic computer communication systems 
from law enforcement invasion of user e-mail without a court order.  (18 
U.S.C. secs. 2517, 2518, 2703.)  Although the burden of preventing 
disclosure of the e-mail is placed on the subscriber or user of the system, 
the government must give him fourteen days notice to allow him to file a 
motion to quash a subpoena or to vacate a court order seeking disclosure of 
his computer material.  (18 U.S.C. sec. 2704(b).)  However, the government 
may give delayed notice where there are exigent circumstances as listed by 
the Act (18 U.S.C. sec. 2705.)  Recognizing the easy user destruction of 
computer data, ECPA allows the government to include in its subpoena or 
court order the requirement that the provider or operator retain a backup 
copy of electronic communications when there is risk of user destruction.  
(18 U.S.C. sec. 2704(a).)

     The legislation gives a civil cause of action to the provider or 
operator, subscriber, customer or user of the system aggrieved by an 
invasion of an electronic communication in the system in violation of the 
ECPA.  (18 U.S.C. secs. 2520, 2707.)  If the provider or operator has to 
disclose information stored on his system due to a court order, warrant, 
subpoena, or certification under ECPA, no cause of action can be brought 
against him by the person aggrieved by such disclosure.  (18 U.S.C. sec. 
2703(e); see_also 18 U.S.C. secs. 2701(c), 2702(b), 2511(2)(a)(i), 
2511(3)(b)(iii) where the systems operator or provider is not held 
criminally liable, may observe a private communication while performing 
employment duties or according to authorization, etc., may intercept private 
communication while making quality control checks or during the course of 
forwarding communications to another system.)  

SYSTEMS COVERED

     Clearly, the national commercial services in the United States, 
including CompuServe, MCI Mail or a company using a contracted e-mail 
service, such as GE QUIK-COM (See S. Rep. No.  99-541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 
8 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & Ad. News 3562) are covered by ECPA.

     However, there may be some confusion as to whether ECPA would protect 
electronic communications found on a mere hobbyist-supported BBS.  For 
instance, language in ECPA does not expressly state the term "bulletin 
board."  Nonetheless, ECPA would indeed cover electronic bulletin boards.

     What are electronic bulletin boards?  Generally, they are personal 
computers provided for and maintained by computer hobbyists out of their own 
personal resources.  These systems traditionally allow free access to 
computer/modem-equipped members of local communities and provide for both 
public and private electronic mail exchange.  Some sophisticated systems, 
such as the ProLine system written for Apple II computers, provide callers 
with personal user areas where they may keep private files much like the 
CompuServe personal file areas.

     Augmenting the single stand-alone BBS, there are networks of bulletin 
boards linked together, often with the assistance of university mainframes, 
with other bulletin boards or mainframe computers by sophisticated "mail 
routing" systems (such as ARPAnet and FIDOnet).  These networks use 
sophisticated message addressing instructions and computer automation where 
networked computers make calls to other networked computers to exchange 
"net-news" or private mail between users of the different bulletin boards.  
Given the proper address routing instructions, a user may communicate with 
another user on a cross-town BBS or on a BBS in another part of the country.  
Although there is some delay with messages being routed through a network, 
these networks help to reduce or eliminate the computer hobbyist's need to 
make direct toll or long distance calls to faraway systems or having to pay 
subscription fees to use a commercial electronic mail service.  (Note, there 
are also network exchange systems and "gateways" between commercial 
services.)

     As an alternative to commercial service subscriptions, businesses have 
been turning to the use of BBS's and BBS mailing networks for increased 
productivity, paperwork reduction, improved client contact and the 
elimination of "telephone tag."  (See Keaveney, Custom-Built_Bulletin_Boards, 
Personal Computing, Aug. 1987, 91.)  A number of these corporate BBS's are 
open to the public with restricted access to business and client system 
areas.  Examples of such systems include two Washington D.C.  area boards 
run by Gannet Company Inc. ("[f]or all Gannet/USA Today employees and other 
computer users") and Issue Dynamics Inc. (catering to the consulting 
company's clients).

     ECPA language would show protection for bulletin boards.  18 U.S.C.  
sec. 2510(15) provides that "'electronic communication service' means any 
service which provides to users thereof the ability to send or receive wire 
or electronic communications" (emphasis added).  A "remote computing 
service" was defined in the Act as an electronic communications system that 
provides computer storage or processing services to the public.  (18 U.S.C.  
sec. 2710(2).)  An intra-company communications system, the corporate BBS, 
would also be protected.  (S.  Rep. No. 541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 12 
reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & Ad. News 3566.)  Language in ECPA 
refers to "the person or entity providing the wire or electronic 
communication service," such as in 18 U.S. secs.  2701(c)(1) and 2702(a)(1). 
Such language would indicate the inclusion of individuals and businesses who 
operate bulletin board systems.

     The Senate report, in addition to defining "electronic mail," gave a 
separate definition of "electronic bulletin boards":

          Electronic "bulletin boards" are communications networks created 
     by computer users for the transfer of information among computers.  
     These may take the form of proprietary systems or they may be 
     noncommercial systems operating among computer users who share special 
     interests.  These noncommercial systems may [or may not] involve fees 
     covering operating costs and may require special "passwords" which 
     restrict entry to the system.  These bulletin boards may be public or 
     semi-public in nature, depending on the degree of privacy sought by 
     users, operators or organizers of such systems.

(S. Rep. No. 541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 8-9 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code 
Cong. & Ad. News 3562-3563.)

     ECPA, as enacted, takes note of the different levels of security found 
on hobbyist-supported BBS's, i.e. the difference between configured system 
areas containing private electronic mail and other areas configured to 
contain public material.  (18 U.S.C. sec. 2511(2)(g)(i).)  The electronic 
communications which a user seeks to keep private, through methods provided 
by the system, would be protected by ECPA.  In contrast, there would be no 
liability for access to features configured by the system to be readily 
accessible by the general public.  An indicia of privacy on the system, with 
no notice to show otherwise, would trigger ECPA coverage.  An indicia of 
privacy may include passwords and prompts asking if a message is to be kept 
private.

     House Representative Kastenmeier noted that there was an unusual 
coalition of groups, businesses and organizations interested in ECPA.  
(Kastenmeier, Communications_Privacy, Communications Lawyer, Winter 1987, 
1, 24.)  Among those interested included the BBS community.  Reporters in 
the BBS community noted how Senator Leahy and others were receptive to their 
concerns.  They report Leahy to have been "soliciting [users and BBS 
operators'] comments and encourag[ing] sensitivity to the needs of BBS's in 
the legislation....  [Senators and congressional members] are ... willing to 
listen to our side of things."  (BBSLAW02.MSG, dated 07/24/85, information 
from Chip Berlet, Secretary, National Lawyers Guild Civil Liberties 
Committee, transmitted by Paul Bernstein, SYSOP, LAW MUG, Chicago, Illinois 
(312)280-8180, regarding Federal Legislation Affecting Computer Bulletin 
Boards, deposited on The Legacy Network (213)553-1473 in Los Angeles, 
California.)

ESCAPING COVERAGE

     There are at least two possible ways to escape ECPA coverage.  The 
first is to provide adequate notice that all material on a service or system 
may be publicly accessible even though methods of providing privacy remain.  
The bulletin board system maintained by DePaul University College of Law 
(312)341-6217, Chicago, Illinois, provides an example of an electronic 
notice (displayed upon user access):

     PURSUANT TO THE ELECTRONIC AND COMMUNICATIONS PRIVACY ACT OF 1986, 18 
     USC 2510 et. seq., NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT THERE ARE NO FACILITIES 
     PROVIDED BY THIS SYSTEM FOR SENDING OR RECEIVING PRIVATE OR 
     CONFIDENTIAL ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS.  ALL MESSAGES SHALL BE DEEMED 
     TO BE READILY ACCESSIBLE TO THE GENERAL PUBLIC.  

     Do NOT use this system for any communication for which the sender 
     intends only the sender and the intended recipient or recipients to 
     read.

Note, although the DePaul notice states otherwise, user-operated message 
privacy toggles remain on the board.  The second possible method to escape 
ECPA coverage would be to merely not provide any means of privacy.  

     One way of foiling the intent of a government subpoena or court order 
requirement to keep duplicate copies of private electronic communications 
would be the use of passworded private e-mail.  For instance, the private 
e-mail capabilities of GEnie Mail and GE QUIK-COM include user-toggled 
passwording which utilizes an encryption technique that no one, not even the 
provider, knows how to decipher.  Bill Louden, General Manager of GEnie 
(General Electric Network for Information Exchange), noted how GEnie Mail 
and GE QUIK-COM passworded e-mail cannot be read by anyone who did not know 
the password.  "[N]ot even our 'god' number could ever read the [passworded] 
mail." (Message from Bill Louden, GEnie, Legacy RoundTable (LAW), category 
1, topic 7, message 6 (May 15, 1987).)  The writer of the encryption 
software has since left General Electric and no one has had success in 
breaking the code.  (Message from Bill Louden, GEnie, Legacy RoundTable 
(LAW), category 1, topic 7, message 10 (May 17, 1987).)

                                 CONCLUSION

     With ECPA, e-mail and other private electronic communications stored on 
computer communication systems have privacy protection.  Unfortunately, 
before ECPA, federal statutory guidelines for such protection were not 
articulated.  Case law also did not provide any helpful guidance.  The 
peculiarities of computers and computer storage were not addressed by the 
old wiretap laws.  Electronic communications privacy could not stand up 
against constitutional privacy law as defined by the United States Supreme 
Court.  The then existing law was "hopelessly out of date." (S. Rep. No. 
541, 99th Cong., 2d Sess. 2 reprinted_in 1986 U.S. Code Cong. & Ad. News 
3556 (statement of Sen. Leahy).)  Fortunately, a legislative solution to 
bring privacy law up to date with the advancing computer communication and 
information technology was provided for in ECPA.


-------------------------
Copyright 1986, 1987 Ruel T. Hernandez.  This paper was originally written 
for a Law and Technology seminar course at California Western School of Law. 
The author may be contacted via CompuServe (71450,3341) or GEnie 
(R.HERNANDEZ) or Intermail/UUCP (ruel@cup.portal.com).
