                         DiscNet International
                                28.10.94

        The King's Court BBS in Bensenville, FidoNet number 1:115/860, is the
new US coordinator for DiscNet.  DiscNet US is just getting started, and we're
looking for coordinators and nodes in all states. DiscNet is a network with a
large teen audience; in fact, we gate echos with two other teen networks
currently, and we're trying to setup more gateways as you read this!  But we're
not limited to teens, anyone can join.  We have a variety of echos available for
you to choose from, and if there isn't one that you find interesting, you can
make your own! If you're interested in DiscNet US, then read the following
written about DiscNet Europe and see what you think!  If you'd like an
application or an information packet, simply FREQ "DISCNET" from
1:115/860 at any time other than ZMH.  I look forward to seeing you in DiscNet
US; don't miss this chance to get in on a new and exciting network!


        "DiscNet is envisioned as a network where users from all sectors of
Earth can communicate, express, and formulate ideas over many
different subjects in a peaceful, harmonic, intelligent demeanor."
- Ryan Martin, Creator of DiscNet

        A bit of history to the European part of DiscNet: Especially after
FidoNet Germany split up, a lot of local area networks suddenly appeared out of
the nothing, some with no success at all, some better than others. But they all
had one thing in common - none moved beyond the European, or even the German
borders thus making it impossible to become internationally recognized. Shortly
after the split up happened, DiscNet Europe became alive - part of a steady
growing, successful network that has become quite popular in many areas of the
USA. Starting off with just one node, it soon began to expand and grow.

       Today, DiscNet Europe has 35 Nodes across Germany - this may not sound
much, but we are only at the very beginning of a flourishing and prosperous
multinational network without the occasional hassle in FidoNet due to the
restrictions of their Policy 4, without the limited connections beyond
Germany/Europe, but with a friendly atmosphere, with a great variety of topics
available, with a file distribution network (yes, we have one too, although
currently only with three areas :)... simply "the finer choice".

       Apart from mandatorily increasing the total number of people par-
ticipating and the steady increase of echomail flow, future plans include links
to all sort of local/national/international networks - for netmail as well as
for echomail. While keeping its individuality, DiscNet is to play a major role
in the interlinkage of small networks.

       One of the aspects now being covered by DiscNet is the free and easy
communication between the young and young at heart across the world. DiscNet is
a founding member of the United Federation of Teenage Networks (or UFTN in
abbreviated form) whose primary goal is to link world's Teen- and Youth-Networks
together and form a prosperous community where everone is able to communicate
freely. This is just step one of our goal to international interconnectivity.

     DiscNet is for everyone!

             - USERS that have just gotten into data communications are
               able to communicate with people from around the world,
               be assisted with and guided through their technical
               problems if necessary
             - POINTS of existing networks can very easily connect to
               DiscNet, it usually is a matter of minutes to become set
               up and going. For points there is an own echo area to
               discuss topics with other points. Note that people running
               a BBS usually do not qualify.
             - SYSOPS of Bulletin Board Systems, if not fully familiar
               with their set up, receive technical assistance in
               connecting to DiscNet so that they become a part of the
               "team" as quickly as possible. They too have their own echo-
               area and can choose among a variety of echomail-areas to
               support their BBS-software. Apart from that, every SysOp
               is currently entitled to make use of a very special offer:
               Until further notice, he/she may at anytime suggest new
               echo areas and these will be put onto the backbone without
               needing to go through the usual procedure for new areas.
               Also, more experienced SysOps may have their own DiscNet-
               Pointnet and are entitled to offer DiscNet to their users.
             - COORDINATORS of other networks can also participate and
               are very welcome too! If you wish to link your network to
               DiscNet, this can of course be arranged, we encourage any
               sort of linkage and with most networks, if local area or
               worldwide does not matter at all.

             Or did you ever think of building up your own network but just
             didn't know how to get it started or did you not succeed? Then
             why not participate in DiscNet, make use of the special SysOp-
             offer mentioned above and realise your idea through DiscNet!

       So fill in the application form TODAY and join one of Europe's finest
networks!
