Archive-name: Changes/vacsurp2.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Vacation Surprise, The - 2


     CHAPTER TWO - THE MALL 
 
     I couldn't believe it! Here I was, tied into my car seat, 
dressed as a woman for all the world to see. And my wife was 
driving me to the shopping mall to shop for clothes to complete 
my wardrobe. 
     After she stopped the car in the parking lot, she turned to 
me and unlocked the collar, cuffs, and removed the gag from my 
mouth. "Now, can I trust you to behave in here, or will I have to 
really embarrass you? And by behave I mean do everything I say 
without question." With a numb feeling in my stomach I said, "Yes 
honey, I'll be good." "Wonderful, I know we're going to have a 
marvelous time." With that, we got out of the car and walked into 
the mall. The heels caused my hips to sway noticeably. She looked 
at me with a grin and said, "My, aren't we calling attention to 
ourselves" and laughed. 
     "Our first stop is at the beauty parlor. We don't have that 
much time so today we'll just touch up your makeup and do your 
nails. Your hair can wait until tomorrow. I've already made an 
appointment for you." We walked into the parlor, and she said, 
"Hi, I called earlier for the 'special appointment' for Sheila 
here." "Hello, I'm Cindy and everything is ready. Follow me 
please," as she led us into a back room. "Please have a seat 
here." I looked at the chair and then my wife with some 
misgivings. "SIT DOWN, you heard the lady," my wife said and 
shoved me into the chair. Before I could even recover, she pulled 
two velcro lined straps out of her purse and quickly strapped my 
arms to the armrests, rendering me completely helpless. "Now sit 
there quietly, or I'll have to take further steps." 
     The stylist was trying (not very hard) to cover a big smirk 
on her face. "You may begin with her now. I don't think she'll 
give any trouble. How long do you think this will take?" "For 
what you requested, about an hour and a half." "Good, I'll be 
back then. I want to do some shopping. If he gives you any 
trouble, feel free to take whatever action you think is 
appropriate." She then walked out of the store, leaving me alone 
with the stylist.  
     "You aren't going to cause me any trouble, are you?" I shook 
my head no. "Too bad, I think I would enjoy disciplining and 
humiliating you." That definitely made me decide not to resist 
(As if I could have anyway). "Debbie here is going to do your 
nails, and I will be giving you a light makeover. I will have to 
make a separate appointment for your hair for tommorrow." She 
began working on my face as Debbie began my nails.  
     Sixty minutes later, she was still working on my face, and 
Debbie was still working on my hands. "This is a LIGHT makeover?" 
I wondered to my myself. How long does it take for a complete 
job? I really didn't want to know. At that moment my wife walked 
in with a shopping bag. "How are we coming? Oh, that looks just 
darling." as she grinned at me. She then bent over and began 
removing my shoes. "What are you doing honey?" I asked. "Oh, I 
didn't think that those shoes were flattering enough so I dropped 
into the Wild Pair to find you a prettier set. "I know your just 
dying to wear them, but with that corset on I think you'd have an 
impossible time trying to bend over to strap them on." That was 
no understatement! I couldn't see what the shoes looked like from 
the angle I was sitting in the chair, but I could tell they had a 
much higher heel than the other set. 
     "There!" said Cindy. "That about finishes you. How are you 
coming, Debbie?" "Just a few minutes, to let the last coat dry 
enough." After about five minutes, she said, "That about does it. 
Let's stand up and have a look at you." My wife then removed the 
velcro straps, freeing me from the chair. I stood up...and almost 
fell down! I looked down at my shoes...they were a pair of cream 
ankle straps with at least a 5 inch heel! I could barely stand in 
them. It was amazing what a difference an inch and a half made. I 
then looked in the mirror and almost didn't recognize myself. It 
was a beautiful woman staring back back at me. The skin looked 
perfectly smooth and the eyes were strikingly highlighted. 
     I raised my hands to my face, not believing what I was 
seeing and then noticed my nails. One inch long and a deep liquid 
red. My wife smiled at me and said, "Don't they look lovely, 
Sheila?" "Y..Yes, they're beautiful...I can't believe it." As she 
paid Cindy and we turned to go, she said, "By the way, I asked 
her to use a permanent set on they nails. You won't be able to 
remove them." I looked down at my hands in shock! How could you 
hide nails like that? What would I do at the end of the two 
weeks? "Let's go, we've got plenty still to do." As we walked out 
of the beauty parlor. 
     "Now its time for some clothes shopping. With a gorgeous bod 
like you have, we have to get you some 'hot' outfits to go with 
them." Our first stop was "The Body Shop". My wife had me try on 
countless outfits. She ended up picking out a short black leather 
skirt with matching bustier and a white satin minidress with a 
scooped neckline. Then she made me pay for the items with MY 
American Express Card which had my real name on it. The sales 
clerk gave me a shocked look and then a big smirk. My face turned 
beet red from embarrassment. 
     This continued for about 2 hours. I must have tried on 40 
outfits and purchased at least a dozen. My ribs were killing me 
from the constant pressure of the corset and my feet ached from 
walking and standing in those incredible heels. "Here we go, one 
last stop," my wife said as we turned into another boutique. "Why 
don't you have a seat for a couple of minutes." She didn't have 
to tell me twice. I sat in the chair she indicated, releived to 
get a load off of my feet. I carefully smoothed my hemline as I 
sat down (I had learned this lesson the hard way through some 
embarrassing comments and looks from other shoppers). I was so 
tired, I didn't know what store I was in, and really did not 
care.  
     One of the clerks came up behind me and said, "Just sit 
steady now...." ZAP! There was an intense burning sensation in my 
right ear. She held my head with one hand and said, "Just a few 
seconds...Hold your head steady..." ZAP! In the other ear. She 
then rubbed them with some alcohol and fiddled with each ear for 
a few seconds. "There, that does it. You can get up now." I stood 
up an looked in the mirror. She had pierced my ears and placed a 
little gold ball in each of them. What would I do at the at the 
end of two weeks? Those holes in my ears were not going away. 
     "Okay, that finishes us here. Its time for us to go home and 
get ready to go out tonight." With that, we walked back towards 
the car (slowly, because I was forced to take such short steps in 
these shoes). As we got into the car I turned and said, "Honey, 
this is ridiculus. Look at my hands; I can't..."  SLAP!    She 
slapped me right across the face. She immediately pulled out a 
pair of handcuffs, put them on me, and secured them behind me to 
the headrest, making me completely helpless. "I can see that you 
need a lesson to show you that I mean business. Well, when I'm 
finished with you, you're going to beg me to dress you up, take 
you out, and make you look as pretty and sexy as possible. I know 
that you've secretly dreamed about this. Well it's happening and 
there is nothing you can do to stop it." 
     "But Honey, don't you think that this is a 
little....MMFFFPPHH!" as she popped the gag back in your mouth. 
"What were you saying dear, I didn't catch that. Oh well, I guess 
it wasn't very important." We pulled away from the mall with me 
helpless in the passenger seat, thankful that the tinted windows 
offered me a little protection from casual observation. As I 
began to look around me I realized that this was not the way 
home! Where was she taking me? She noticed me squirming and 
looking around and said, "Don't know where we're going? Well, as 
much as you deserve to be humiliated in public, we are only going 
to another store where I have to make a pickup." Whew! what a 
relief. 
     A relief which quickly turned to chagrin as we stopped and I 
looked at where we were. It was a shop entitled "Exotic Leather 
Goods. "I need to pick up a few things to ensure that you learn 
you lesson properly. Don't do anything naughty while I,m gone."  
     So there I was, tied into the passenger seat for any passers 
by to see, trapped in a feminine appearance and clothing. Now 
that we were stopped, the tinted windows didn't look nearly dark 
enough. Suddenly, I saw a man approaching, walking towards the 
car. He was casually looking at each of them as he passed by. 
Would he notice me through the window? My heart was racing a mile 
a minute. Just as it looked as if he would pass by the window, he 
stopped and did a double take. HE SAW ME! He stood there looking 
in the window for about a minute with a big grin on his face 
while I tried to become invisible. Just about that time my wife 
came up to the car with a bag in her hand. 
     "Enjoying the view?" She casually asked the man. "Sure am 
Honey." He replied with a leer. "Well this is my display model, 
look but don't touch." With that she got in the car and drove us 
away. As she drove us home, she said, "I was planning to take you 
out for a nice dinner and dancing, but you are obviously not 
ready to do that yet. So, instead I am going to teach you a 
lesson in obediance tonight. When I am through with you, you will 
beg me to dress you up in sexy outfits so you can show off." 
Brother, was I in trouble. I was afraid to even think of what my 
"lesson" would be. I was sure that it would not be pleasant. 
 
          THE LESSON 
     Finally, we pulled into the garage. My wife leaned over, 
placed the collar around my neck again and connected my wrist 
cuffs to the collar. After this she disconnected my hands from 
the headrest, giving me no chance to get free. She then reached 
into her bag, pulled out a leash, and connected it to the collar. 
Getting her bag, my wife got out of the car and came around to my 
door. I still could not move because I was still strapped in by 
the seatbelt. She unhooked it and gave a tug on the leash. "Come 
along now," as we walkked into the house. 
     "Now the first thing we need to work on is this tendency of 
yours to talk back and question everything I say. After all, I 
can't keep that gag in your mouth all the time. Well, perhaps I 
can at that." I shook my head violently "NO". "Well, you need to 
show me about that." Having said that she pulled what looked like 
a leather sleeve with some laces running down the length out of 
the bag. She then walked out of the room for a few seconds and 
returned with several pieces of rope. She then unlocked the wrist 
cuffs and had me put my hands behind my back. She then secured 
them with the hands facing.  
     Next, she picked up the sleeve and slid it up my arms, 
securing it with some straps in front of my shoulder, 
guaranteeing that it would not come off. Then she began 
tightening the laces, straightening my arms and pulling my elbows 
together until they were about 4 inches apart. This forced me to 
pull my shoulders back and arch my back to accomodate the 
position of my arms. My arms and shoulders bagan to ache almost 
immediately.  
     "My, aren't you the brazen slut." she laughed as she looked 
at me. I had to admit that the way my back was arched, did throw 
out my chest emphasizing my breasts. Next, she look a long length 
of rope, tied it to a ring on the sleeve below my hands and ran 
it to a hook it the ceiling. That ring! She had me put that in 
the ceiling last week for a heavy planter. How long had she been 
planting this? A tug on the rope brought me back to the present. 
As she pulled in the rope, it forced me to bend at the waist as 
my arms were raised behind me towards the ceiling. Tying the rope 
off onto a doorknob, she commented, "There, that should keep you. 
Comfy?"  
     Hardly; I was still in those ridiculus heels and this 
position forced all of my weight onto my toes, which were already 
in agony. Adding to this, the bent over position made the corset 
so tight that I was gasping for breath in tiny pants. I felt like 
I was going to pass out.  
     The next thing I know she is pulling my dress up over my 
waist, exposing my pantied bottom. Then she pulled the panties 
down around my ankles. "Are you ready for your first punishment?" 
As she fumbled around in the bag. When I looked, she had pulled 
out a leather paddle. There was no doubt what her intended target 
was. Bound as I was, there was also not a single thing that I 
could do about it.  
     SMACK! As she connected right on my bare ass. "I think that 
50 is about right for talking back to your mistress, don't you?" 
     SMACK! She continued. After about 20, I lost all control and 
was crying like a baby. Each stroke seemed to sting more than the 
one before it. Finally, she reached 50. My entire behind felt 
like it was on fire. She then pulled the panties up and pulled my 
hem down again. "That was just your first punishment. I told you 
that you would not forget this lesson. I'll be back in a little 
while. I'm going to take a shower and rest a bit. My arms are 
tired. Don't go anywhere." her arms were tired at my ass and 
thigh's expense. I stood there, bent over, dreading the next 
punishment, and wondering what it would be...... 
 
     To Be Continued..... 
--
