
		The Bite of Lust
		  by Fandango



The house was old and musty, a grey haze hung over the walls.. But dammit 20 
bucks was twenty bucks... And I was Soooo stupid for taking that damn bet.. I
could not look stupid, could I now.. even if this was a haunted house. But 
dammit this is the 20th century, and I had degrees in Mathamatics, and 
physics. There are no such things as ghosts. The legend said that the resident
of the house had gone insane, looking for immortality. She had brought dozens
of victims here, and slit their throats, and blead them dry. She had cracked
their bones, and done horrib;e things with their bodies. Still it was only a
story, a story distorted by fear, and 126 years of time. Still it did make me
a little afraid. Okay I was scared as hell....

I unrolled my blanket on the couch downstairs. A fine layer of dust covered 
everything, except for the footprints in the hallway, which I tried to tell 
myself, were just kids, except they were of a small delicate foot of a woman,
not the brogans of a 12 year old kid. I turned the old lantern to full power
and settled down, with the book I had brought.. Shit.. you'd know it'd be the
Vampire Lestat.. Martha must'av traded books on me... I meant to carry along,
Advanced Plasma Mechanics.. not a Vampire book... Crap... After an hour of
reading I slowly fell to sleep. A dark fitfull dreamless slumber, punctuated
not by my usuall imanginative ramblings, but by patches of light and color...
and a picture of a ...

I awoke with a start.. There was somebody in the room with me. I looked but I
could see nothing, it was a feeling, a feeling linked to the rising hackles on
the back of my neck. I wanted to run like hell, but the bet, and my snickering
friends kept me here...

"Hey Jim, who's that?" I rumbled trying to sound brave, and trying to sound as
if I were more than one person...

No answer.. I realized that I sounded really scared.... Which I was..

There was the faintest of sounds, a soft shishing, like of gossamer. I looked
to my left and softly gliding down the stairs was here. She was the most
beautiful cÿûreature I've ever seen in my life. She looked to be in her late
20s, but the expression on her face was of one much older. She was tall, and
full figured, she had black hair, pale skin, and deep green eyes, like bright
emeralds. She wore a translucent night gown, that barely hid her full chect,
and her round thighs, what was barely covered merely looked all the more
enticing... Her bare feet seemed to barely touch the ground as she came to me..

"Who are you?" I asked sounding like a fool...

"Who are you?" she replied...

"Ian Talverson" I replied, trying not to stammer.

"Well, Ian, this is my house, what are you doing here?" she asked.

Her house. I got a sinking feeling that I was screwed. However, I also wanted
this creature like I'd never wanted any woman I'd ever known. I'm not a hunk.
I'm 6'3", and 210 pounds. Not a trace of fat though. I'd gotten into school on
a swimming scholarship, and althought I no longer swam, I still kept into
shape. I was good looking I guess, but I realized sadly, there was nothing
that I could give this woman... I was wrong....

"I'm here on a dare. I was bet 20 bucks to stay a night in this house. I.. 
I...." I stopped.

"Well, for such a quest.. So dangerous, for one so young.. I'll let you go. If
you wish.. " she replied.

I looked at her, a  large part of me wanted to run like hell, but I was 
fascinated by this woman, and wanted to stay.. I also wanted her. "I gave my
word", I muttered, "I'll stay."

"Your word?" She laughed, "What an anachronism in this age."

I shrugged, still stinging from the young crack.. 24 is Not young.

"Who are you", I asked again.

She smiled slightly and sadly, and a look of pure lust came over her. She 
walked slowly towards me, and gently stroked the side of my face. Her touch 
felt like fire, stroking not only my skin, but also my ardor.

Tell myself 'what the fuck', I reached up and kissed her gently on the lips. 
She responded with fearful gusto, Our tounges met and swirled, each reaching 
and probing into the other. She broke, and started to kiss my face and neck 
shoulders, and ears. Her strong hands found my shirt and pulled it open 
sending buttons flying, not that that really mattered. She pushed me down onto
the couch, and dove into my chest, licking, kissing and nibbling my upper
body. She pulled herself back up to my face, and we kissed again, each kiss a
rush of passion, and pleasure. I pulled her down to the couch beside me. I
pulled myself up, and then tugged gently on the drawstring that help the gown
closed, I peled the soft covering off her beautiful body, and sttod for a
moment dumbfounded. She had the softest, palest skin I'd ever seen. Her
breasts were rich, and full, her thighs, round, and her pubic haris, already
moist with excitement. I started to kiss, her breasts, and run my tounge aound
her with excitement. I Stopped at her nipples, and tenderly proceeded to suck
pinch, and nibble them till she was moaning with pleasure. I then proceeded to
kiss, and lick every square inch of her body. No, I worshpied it. She was
perfect, and exquisite. At last I came to her mons. I gently, soo gently
proceeded to gently stroke the hairs sorounding her lips, gently touching them
with my lips. She almost snarled from pleasure. I gently nibble her thighs,
returning again to her moistness. Then with increasing pressure, I kissed her
pussy, sticking my tounge deepre, and deeper into her wetness. Her moans were
becoming louder, ringing in my ears, becoming almost thunderous. Then I took
her clit into my mouth, that part I had not touched in my explorations, and I
began to suck. I felt insanly strong hands dig into my back, and claw my
shoulders. I sucked harder and harder, tounging her most sensitive spot, till
she gave one final scream, and sank back, panting like a wolf. Tired also, I
disengaged myself from her body, and sank to the floor.

I lay on the floor, tired. She sat on the couch, panting. I gently stroked her
leg with my hand, using only the barest edges of my fingertips. She slowly
rose up, and stood over me. She gently traced a line down my chest with one
perfect foot. Then straddling me she sank to the floor, kissing me again. Her
kiss was like magic, like electricity, as our tounges meat, I wanted nothing
more than to be with her forever. The with one sudden movement she rose, and
lowered herself on me.

It was increadible. I've never felt so right. Her pussy felt like a velvet 
glove around my didick, pumping up and down. She started moving herself up and
down, at first slowly, then faster, giving herself over to pleasure, as I was
a slave to the passion. She seemed to snarl, and howl, and I soon joined her.
She pumped, and grinded into the night, fast, then slow, making our ectasy
last and last. Then I felt the familiar trembling in my balls, and she felt
them also. She bent down and we kissed, as we pumped faster, and faster, I had
never felt anything like this. She kissed my face again and then my neck. And
then I came, a frighting, overwhelming explosion of light, and pleasure, and I
that point I felt the bite. I felt the lips close around my neck and suck. It
added to the pleasure, and I felt the orgasm cresendo, and rise again, she
sucking at my neck, and still pumping with her hips. She rose up, and I saw
the blood, my blood, around her mouth, her back arched as she too was in the
throughs of orgasm, one small rivulet of blood, escaping her lips, and trace a
pth down her shoulder, down her breast, and her belly. She lowered herself
back onto me, and bent down to my neck, and I didn't care as I was completely
delerious with ectasy....  And the I passed out.

I awoke the next morning. Dressed as I had been the night before. There was no
sign of her. I searched the house to find nothing. It had been a dream. True
my shirt had all the buttons ripped off, but I did it in my sleep. The claws
in my back were probably from the springs in the damn old couch. And the two
marks in my neck wer probably from a bug gite. It was all a dream, inspired
from that damn book.. There are no such things as Vampires in real life....

Are there....

I was left only with the memory of the beautiful woman, and the dream.. and 
the longing... 

