		Virtual Reality becomes Real Life

Alex blinked as he stared at his compter screen.  It was late, almost 3:00 am. 
He stretched, reached absent-mindedly for his bottle of Red Bull, tried to
drink a sip, and then put it back on the table, realizing that it was empty. 
He wondered briefly what he was doing here at this hour, alone, drunk, and
killing cityguards on a mud.  He watched the screen with detachment while the
combat finished.  After the guard was killed, he put his character to sleep,
got up, and walked unsteadily out of his room and down the stairs to the
bathroom.

The bathroom, as usual, was a mess.  Neither he nor his roommate, Kirk, were
fond of cleaning, and there was a ring in the bathtub, slime in the toilet, and
hair all over the vanity and the floor.  Sour-smelling towels and wash-clothes
were heaped in a corner.  Feeling mildly disgusted with his slothfulness, Alex
unzipped his fly, and pulled out his cock.  It was semi erect, partially from a
full bladder and partially because it had been several days since he had jerked
himself off.  He pissed into the toilet, thinking that rather than spending yet
another Friday evening alone hunched over his terminal, he might have been more
productive and taken all the laundry to the 24-hour laundromat down the street. 
He lived in an area of town largely populated by students, and it occured
to him, not for the first time, that he would have more luck meeting eligible
women doing laundry than sitting at home alone, getting drunk.  He urinated
into the toilet, zipped his fly, washed his hands, and returned to his room. 

After returning to his chair, he woke his character up, and scanned the area
for more prey.  Everything in that sector had been killed.  In a flash of
irritation, he logged himself out of his mud and back to the main prompt at his
university's system.  He wondered how many other lonely individuals were
spending that night staring vacantly into a terminal, and typed 'show user.'  
There were nine other users logged in, seven of whom were telnetted somewhere,
presumably mudding as well.  He recognized five of the user names, but two were
familiar.  He typed in 'whois johnsora'  and was surprised to find that the
user was a female.  Rachel A. Johnson.  He then typed in 'whois svomawj.'  It
was a male, a William Svoma.  He wondered what Rachel Johnson looked like, and
sighed.  Any female who was stuck at home in front of a computer at almost 3:00
am probably had the social skills of a rhinocerous and the body to boot. 
Again, he reached for his empty bottle of Red Bull.  Then again, Alex thought
to himself, who was he to talk.  He was average-looking, 5'11, 165 lbs, with
shoulder-length brown hair, brown eyes, and straight teeth.  He wasn't
antisocial, just shy.  Suddenly, emboldened by the alcohol, he got into the
campus phone system and called her.  As he watched his screen, he suddenly felt
embarrassed, and almost hung up.  She already had his user name, though, so he
held on the line, waiting for an answer.

________________________________________________________________________________

Rachel sat at he over her terminal in her dorm room, glad that her roommate was
staying at her boyfriends for the night.  She was glad to have the privacy. 
Trudi had asked her to cover for her if her parents called, but the issue was
moot.  When Rachel had a free night, she spent it surfing the internet and
mudding.  It frequently occured to her that she was probably cutting her life
short with the lack of physical activity, but she assuaged her guilt with a
reminder that while not waif-like thin, she certainly was not over-weight. 
Anyway, it wasn't as if she were going to have internet access forever, so she
might as well enjoy it while she could.  These were supposed to be the best
years of her life, so she might as well enjoy them.

As she followed in a group of players, it occured to her that perhaps enjoying
a solitary night killing mobs in virtual reality while alone in real life might
not really be a sign of good mental health.  Mentally, she shrugged to herself,
and dispelled the sanctuary of yet another monster.  Her leg itched, and she
reached down to scratch it, but didn't quite quell the annoyance, as she was
wearing heavy denim jeans.  Out loud, she said "why not," and stood up,
unzipped her jeans, and pulled them down.  She was alone.  That night, Rachel's
character had been flirting with another character, occasionally licking him,
occasionally kissing him, and when she felt emboldened, groping him.  She
realized that it was strange for her to be sitting at a terminal getting turned
on by text rolling by on a screen, but hey, that was why it was called virtual
reality, wasn't it?  Anyway, it was a lot safer than going out and picking up
some guy. In the first place, she never knew what to say to the types of males
that one met in a bar, and secondly, there were a lot of diseases today that
hadn't seemed real to her when she was younger.  She sat down, and began to
type.  As the text rolled by on the screen, Achilles, another character,
stroked her character's inner thigh.  It made her feel horny, and she touched
herself through her white cotton underpants.  Even from the other side, they
felt damp.  After starting combat with a goblin, she put her hand back, this
time sliding a finger under her underpants, into her wet slit.  Moving her legs
apart, Rachel stroked her slit, moving her finger partially into her vagina and
then out to massage her clit.  What she really wanted was a real life male, but
her fingers would have to do.

Rachel felt her clitoris getting hard, and she massaged a little harder. 
Suddenly, with a little annoyance, she noticed that a thompsas was phoning her. 
It was someone on campus, obviously, but she didn't recognise the user name. 
She knew that she could just refuse to answer it, but whenever she got a call,
it made her curious.  Regretfully, she took her hand out of her pants, dried
her fingers off on her shirt, opened another session, and answered the phone.

Yes?
Hi.
Yes?
I was just mudding and saw that you were, too.  I'm bored, so I thought I'd
call.
I see.
Where are you mudding?
Jedimud.  (Rachel wasn't really, but she didn't want to tell a complete
stranger anything about her personal life).
Oh.  I've never been there.  I do Hidden Worlds.
Nod.  I've been there and have a character there, but don't frequent the place.
What are you studying?
I'm majoring in literature and minoring in religious studies.
That's cool!  I'm a philosophy major and a history minor.
Nod.  (Rachel was, for some reason, warming up to this anonomous person, but
still didn't want to get too deeply in conversation with him or her.  She still
wanted to get more experience on Sloth.
So you're hooked on mudding like me?
*Laugh*  Yes, a bit.  I've still got a session going.
Can I meet you there?  I'm bored and want to play with someone on campus.
Hmmmmmm.  Ok, why don't you meet me on Sloth?  (Rachel was not about to admit
that she had lied about where she was playing)
I thought you were playing jedimud?
I am, but lets meet on Sloth.
OK, I have the address, I'll see you there.  My character is Ezra.
OK, mine is Sunflower.

After logging out, Rachel typed 'whois thompsas.'  Alexander S. Thompson. 
Hmmmm.  Another scandanavian.  She closed that session, and waited for
Ezra/Alexander. 
______________________________________________________________________________

When the two finally met up on Sloth, they ended up talking, rather than
engaging in combat.  Alex was surprised that he didn't feel shy talking to her,
although she could easily find out his real name from his user name.  He'd had
sex anonomously a couple of times in cyberspace, but it was another thing
flirting with someone whom he might very easily meet.  Still, he couldn't help
causing Ezra to wink suggestively at Sunflower a few times, or to hug her, and
after talking for almost an hour, kissing her.  He realized that perhaps he
should go to bed, since it was four in the morning, and told her so.  Sunflower
smiled at Ezra, ruffled his hair, and said 'ok, nightie night.'  Feeling
emboldened, Alex caused Ezra to kiss this Rachel's character passionately. 
Still drunk, Ezra asked Sunflower if she would like to go out to see a movie or
get something to eat with him in real life.

Rachel sat at her terminal, a bit stunned, and then smiled to herself.  A guy
who sat at home late at night playing on a computer rather than doing the bar
scene was her type of guy.  She accepted, gave him her phone number, and told
him to call her in a couple of minutes.  She logged off and turned off her
computer, waiting for the phone to ring, absently stroking first her breast and
then her crotch.  She felt her nipples get hard, and then her clitoris.  Soon,
the phone rang.  

"Hello?"
"Hi, this is Alex."    Rachel liked the sound of his voice.  Deep, but not too
deep.  It didn't sound as if he was a smoker, either.
"Hi, this is Rachel."  She giggled.  
"So, what sould you like to do tomorrow?"
"Well, I'm open to suggestions."  Rachel had slipped her panties off, lain down
on her bed, and spread her legs wide by this time.
"This might sound dumb, but Willie Wonka is playing at the campus theater. 
Would you like to go see that?"
Rachel smiled to herself and slipped a finger in her vagina while massaging her
clitoris with the palm of her hand.  "That sounds fun.  Would you like to meet
me here, first?"
"Sure.  The movie starts at seven, so should I meet you at half past six?"
"That sounds fine."

After they hung up, Rachel realized that she had forgotten to give him her room
number.  It didn't really amtter, though.  He could get it using the campus
gopher.  Rachel removed her shirt, and snuggled under the covers.  she didn't
even know this guy, but already she was starting to have erotic thoughts about
him.  With her left hand, she massaged first her left breast, and then her
right, stroking the nipples and then pinching them, making them hard.  At the
same time, she stroked herself between her legs with her right, sticking first
one, then two, and then finally four fingers into her vagina, while massaging
her clitoris, slowly bringing herself to orgasm.  She had been celibate for
almost two years, since splitting up with her high school sweet heart, Colin. 
As Rachel massaged her wet clitoris and pinched her breasts, she fantasized
about Colin, eating her out as he used to.  Considering their inexperience,
they really did have good sex, with a little practice.  Colin used to lick her
crotch, massaging her thighs, burying his face, inhaling her scent, as she
moaned and writhed... As Rachel lay in bed in her dorm room, she thought of
Colin pushing his fingers into her vagina while sucking her hard bud, bringing
her to orgasm.  On her bed, Rachel massaged her nipples more and stroked her
clitoris harder, feeling the wetness, putting her fingers into her vagina to
pull out more juices to rub onto her clit, until she finally came, writhing and
moaning, now imagining Colin's hard cock ramming into her in it's entirity, the
top of his shaft causing delightful friction with her swollen clitoris and
lips.  As she drifted off to sleep, Rachel thought of this faceless male with
whom she had a date the following evening.

_______________________________________________________________________________

After Alex got off the phone, he went to the bathroom again, needing to
urinate.  After using the toilet, he closed the lid, opened the medicine
cabnet go get a bottle of baby oil out, and sat down.  He pulled his jeans
down, and squirted a little oil onto his erect penis.  He had never been
circumcised, but with his raging erection his foreskin was already pulled way
back.  He massaged, stroked, and pumped his cock with one hand while massaging
his balls with his other.  He wondered what this Rachel looked like, and in his
mind fantasized about an artificial, silicone-chested model in Penthouse,
laying on her back, holding her crotch wide open.  It had been close to a year
since he'd slept with a woman, and he really missed it.  Not just the sex, but
the closeness.  His old girlfriend, Tammi, had transferred to another college,
and they decided that long-distance relationships just didn't work.  Alex had
not orgasmed in a few days, and soon he felt the familiar pressure building. 
He took his hand off of his balls and put it tightly around the base of his
throbbing cock, while stroking the shaft with the other.  Within a few seconds,
a load of white semen shot out on his hand, legs, and onto the floor.  He
groaned, and then reached for some toilet paper.  Jerking off was a necessity,
but there was something special about shooting a load into a woman's warm,
receptive vagina, and then staying there until he went soft.  After cleaning
up, he pulled his foreskin over the head of his penis, took off his clothes,
and went up to bed.
_______________________________________________________________________________

The next evening, Rachel sat in her room, nervously, waiting for a knock on the
door.  She had dressed flamboyantly, as usual, masking her quiet demeanor.  A
crinkly long black skirt, black tights, a lacy white shirt, a plaid jacket, and
doc marten boots.  She had braided her long curly hair and wrapped it around
her head into a coronet.  It was naturally brown, but she usually rinsed a few
streaks candy-apple red.  She didn't wear much make-up; her skin was clear and
light, but she did wear a little pink lip-stick and mascara.  Soon, she heard
his knock.

Rachel opened the door, and was pleasantly surprised by the appearance of the
man standing there.  She also recognized him.  "You!  I didn't know that was
your name!"  Alex blushed.  "So you're the girl I help out occasionally in the
lab!"  Rachel was pleased.  He was good looking, apparently smart, and had
shaggy hair.  She had a _thing_ about guys with shaggy hair.

Alex was surprised.  He had occasionally assisted Rachel when he was working as
a consultant in the lab on federal work-study.  At the time, he had thought her
quite nice looking and definitly unique, but it had never occured to him to ask
her out on a date.  It wasn't an appropriate setting, and she hadn't appeared
to be his type.  Appearances can be deceiving, he decided.

Alex insisted on paying for the movie, and for a snack after.  Rachel was a bit
taken aback, but decided to let him pay that evening.  She could treat later,
if they went out again.  As they sat in Rocky Rococo's, talking, Rachel decided
that she really did like this guy.  She moved her legs under the table,
accidentally brushing his.  She pulled them back, but Alex stammered in
mid-sentence, before continuing.  After they finished eating, Rachel said, "it's
still early.  Would you like to go for a walk by the river?" 
Alex smiled and looked at her, genuinely pleased.  "That sounds fun."  The
river-side walk was only three blocks from his house.  Maybe they could go back
there afterwards.  He had a little beer at home and some vodka and coke.  By
now he knew that Rachel only twenty, not old enough to drink in a bar, but that
wouldn't stop him from giving her a little if she wanted it.

As they walked out of Rocky's, Alex brushed her hand.  Rachel took his hint,
and held it.  Alex looked at her, smiled, and squeezed her hand.  The air was
suddenly electric.  As they walked in the cold November air along the river,
Alex suddenly let go of Rachel's hand, put his arm around her, and squeezed her
tightly.  He suddenly realized how lonely he had been these past few months. 
Wordlessly, Rachel put her arm around him, and leaned her head against his
side.  They stopped walking, and then Alex put his arms around her holding her
close.  He bent down, and Rachel leaned her face up to kiss him.  At first they
kissed gently, with their mouths closed, but soon Rachel felt Alex's tongue
pushing against her lips.  She opened her mouth to allow him in, and then began
to suck on his tongue.  It had been so long!  It felt wonderful!  Alex pulled
away, and pulled Rachel's head up against his chest, holding her tightly.  He
had not zipped his coat, and Rachel could ear his heart beating, and couldd feel
his entire body slightly trembling.  She squeezed him tightly.  Whispering,
Alex asked her "Would you like to come back to my place for a drink at all?"

Rachel was a bit surprised by the amount of actual filth in this male
household, but wasn't particularly concerned.  She needed the bathroom, and he
directed her to it.  When she came out, he led her to his room, and then
excused himself to use the bathroom himself and to get some drinks.  Rachel
took the oportunity to remove her doc martens and her coat.  She was glad that
she had put powder in her boots earlier.  She studied the room.  The walls were
wood panneling, the carpet was olive green, there was an unmade double bed in a
corner, a computer, two chairs, and a lot of books and clothing all over the
floor.  She could feel a bit of a draught coming in the window.  Typical of
the slumlords who owned the student rentals in this town.  Alex returned, and
handed her a glass of vodka and coke.  He smiled at her and said, "excuse the
mess here, I'm a bit of a slob."
"That's ok, I understand."
Alex reached under a pile of clothing and pulled out a boom-box.  He dug around
on the floor until he found what he was looking for, and put it in the tape
player.
"Wow!  Stiff Little Fingers!  I thought I was the only American that had ever
heard of them!"
Alex smiled.  "I really like them, I like Irish punks.  Have a seat, bu the
way."
Rachel hesitated, and then sat down on the bed.  Alex joined her. They sipped
their drinks in silence, anticipating, listening to Dogs of Straw.  Finally,
Rachel set her glass down on the floor, took Alex's drink, and set it on the
floor as well.  She leaned over to kiss him, and Alex put his arms around
Rachel, drawing her close.  Rachel put her arms around him, weaving her fingers
into his fluffy brown hair as she licked his lower lips.  MMMMMmmmm he felt
nice.  Without meaning to, she took one hand and ran it over the front of his
shirt.  Alex moaned slightly, and then sucked her tongue into his mouth. 
Rachel did it again, then moved both of ehr hands to his back, where she
started to squeeze, through his shirt.  Alex moaned again, and then took one
hand and ran it across the front of her shirt.  Rachel pulled at the Alex's
shirt, to untuck it.  He did the same, following her lead.  Rachel ran her
hands up Alex's back, under his shirt, feeling his skin.  He did the same to
her, savoring the smooth feel of her warm back.  Gently he started pulling
Rachel's shirt over her head.  Momentarily, it caught on an ear ring, but then
the shirt freed itself, and came off.  Alex leaned back to admire her firm and
shapely breasts, and Rachel smiled at him, enjoying the look on his face.  She
was glad that she had worn a nice, lacy white bra that let some of her areola
peek through. "Can I help you with your shirt?"

Together, they pulled off Alex's shirt.  Rachel leaned over to lick his
nipples, while unzipping his jeans.  Suddenly, she felt so hot!  She really
wanted this guy's cock.  It had been so long!  Alex pulled at the elastic waist
of Rachel's skirt, so Rachel stood up to make it easier to remove.  Alex pulled
the skirt down, along with Rachel's tights and white panties.  When they were
around her knees, Alex rested on his knees and buried his face in her crotch,
savoring the musky smell.  He used his fingers to part her lips, and then
licked along her slit.  He was so horny that he wanted to bury hiscock deep in
her immediately, but he knew that it would be more pleasurable to wait.  Rachel
pulled away.  "Come on, lets get you undressed."  Rachel pulled Alex to his
feet, kicked off her skirt, tights, and panties, and then pulled Alex's jeans
and red boxers down as far as she could. He wriggled out of them, and then
fidgeted with the clasp on her bra.  Rachel reached around and unhooked it
herself, letting Alex pull it off.  He briefly admired her breasts, and then
gently pushed her back on the bed, leaning over her.

"Move back a little, so you're on the bed all the way."  Rachel complied.  Alex
lowered himself on top of her, kissing her on the mouth, teasing her vagina
with his erect cock.  As Alex's tongue explored her mouth, Rachel moved her
hips up to meet his cock, wanting him to fill her up, but he pulled away.  "Not
yet."  Alex moved down, kissing her neck, licking, tasting, massaging her
nipples, and then moving down to suck them.  As he sucked them, he touched her
crotch with his right hand.  Rachel moaned and opened her legs wider, to give
him easier access.  She massaged his shoulders and back.

Alex licked circles around her nipples until they stood at attention, erect, he
them moved down to Rachel's crotch, which was alredy wet with her own juices. 
Rachel moaned and bent her knees up, opening her legs as wide as she could, to
give him easy access.  Alex stroked her lips, and searched with his tongue
until he found her clitoris.  Rachel moaned and grabbed at his shoulders. 
Alex, feeling a bit rusty, was pleased as she arched her hips up to meet his
fingers and tongue.  As he sucked on her clit, Alex, stroked her lips, and then
put a tentative finger into her wet vagina.  Rachel whimpered, feeling spasms
throughout  her entire body.  Alex pulled his finger out, and then stuck in his
tongue, while massaging her clit.  Oh, that felt good!  At the same time,
Rachel wanted to do something for Alex.  She whispered, "Alex, let me go down
on you."  Keeping his face buried in Rachel's crotch, Alex moved his body
around to give her easy access to his erect prick, which  Rachel gently took in
her hands.  She stroked it, a little too hard.  "Careful, I'm not circumcised
and it's really sensitive on the head."  Rachel took his balls in one hand, and
kept her other around the base of his cock.  She slipped it in her mouth and
began to suck.  Alex buried his tongue in her vagina as far as he could reach,
and Rachel squirmed with pleasure.  Rachel rolled her tongue around the tip of
Alex's cock, while massaging his balls and the base of his prick.  He wasn't
really big, which was good, because she and Colin had had to be careful because
of Colin's large prick, or else he would accidentally hurt her.

Alex again began to suck on her clitoris, while stroking her thighs and her
lips.  That felt so good!  Rachel moved her head up and down, sucking hard on
Alex's cock, squeezing his inner thighs, massaging his balls, stroking the base
of his cock.  She wanted to make him feel as good as he was making her feel. 
Rachel felt herself building to orgasm as Alex stroked, sucked, and licked.  He
stuck a finger in her vagina, and then moaned himself, as Rachel rolled her
tongue around the end of his erect prick.  Hearing him moan was enough for
Rachel; she orgasmed, crying out softly, arching her hips up as far as she
could, spreading her legs as wide as she could.  After she came, Rachel
continued to suck and lick Alex's cock, stroking his balls, squeezing his inner
thighs.  Alex kept his face buried in her crotch, but his licking and sucking
was more languid now; he was concentrating on his own enjoyment.  Soon he felt
the pressure building up, and he came in Rachel's mouth, with great gasps. 
Rachel didn't particularly like the taste of sperm, but she swallowed,
understanding that guys really liked that.  She really liked this guy.

Rachel felt his cock wither, and then Alex pulled himself up, so that he and
she were facing each other on their sides, each one smiling into a pair of
brown eyes.  Alex kissed her gently, and then deeply.  He reached down and
pulled a quilt over the two of them.  They lay quietly in each other's arms,
kissing stroking, hugging, smiling, and whispering.  Alex reached down and
squeezed Rachel's buttocks.  Rachel followed suit, and then reached for his
growing cock.  As she touched it, Alex's prick grew in her hands.  Rachel dove
under the covers, and put it in her mouth, starting to suck.  After she licked
and suck Alex's cock for a few minutes, Alex reached down and pulled her up. 
He kissed her on the mouth, and then pushed her back on the bed.  With his
knees, he spread her legs, and looked down at her, admiring her body, looking
at her pussy.  It was a secret turn on for Rachel to have a guy looking at her
crotch, and she moved her knees up and her legs apart to give him a better view
and easier access.  With one hand, she held her lips open, and after she was
sure that Alex had imprinted that view, she took his cock and guided it into
her wet vagina.  He groaned, and pushed hard, burying his prick in her in it's
entirity.  Rachel whimpered as their hips and stomachs joined.  She loved the
feeling of being joined in this wonderful act with another human being.  

Rachel put her arms around Alex and held him tightly as he pumped into her. 
She moved her hips up to meet his and squeezed his shoulders.  She smiled into
his eyes as they kissed, licking, sucking, tasting.  Closing her eyes, she
whimpered again.  It briefly crossed her mind that they weren't using any
contraception, but for some reason that turned her on even more, and she
reached down to grab his buttocks, to urge him to pound into her more
forcefully.  Both Rachel and Alex moaned, already close to orgasm again. 
Rachel looked at Alex's face; his eyes were now closed, and his face was a
mixture of ecstacy and pain.  Rachel held herself tight against him, as she
came, lubricating her vigina even more.  Feeling and hearing her come was
enough for Alex, and soon he came inside of her, whimpering loudly, filling her
up with his seed.  They held each other tightly, kissing, licking, nuzzling,
until they fell asleep, Alex's shriveled cock still inside of Rachel.
