                                Voodoo Doll

Bill and I were tired and worn out. A classic pair of "Dincs" (dual
income, no children), we had spent all of our post college years trying
to get ahead. Bill owned an upscale topless bar, and I was a
manufacturers rep for a fortune 500 company. We both made lots of money,
but were finding that we enjoyed it less and less. We just didn't have
time for ourselves anymore.

Bill surprised me one day by announcing, "Cheryl, we are taking a second
honeymoon. I don't want to hear any arguing, we are going to the
Caribbean for two long weeks." Well, I was very surprised, but agreed
without too much hesitation. I was able to arrange a vacation (over the
protests of my boss), and off we went.

The Caribbean was just like I expected. Lots of sun, beach, and
tourists. I had kept my figure over the years, and tanned well, in my
skimpy bikini. Although my boobs were a little small, the rest of me was
well proportioned, and so I was quite proud.

One of the tourist shows we went to one night, was a voodoo show. I
didn't believe any of this stuff, so I found it to be more amusing, than
scary. Bill seemed entranced throughout the entire show.

The vacation was over long before we wanted it to be, but it sure was a
welcome break. No worries, no stress, and some wonderful sex. Yes, it
was a welcome break.

Post Vacation:  Cheryl's story.

Going back to work was a little difficult. It sure was easy to fall into
the trap of a life of leisure! Trying to catch up on my schedule, I
crammed a lot of stops into a short period of time. I was in a meeting,
briefing some men about what my company could offer. I was talking when
all of a sudden I felt a flash of heat and arousal. It felt like someone
was rubbing my clit! This feeling was immediately followed by the
feeling that my nipples were being pinched. I started to stammer, and
asked to be excused. I rushed to the womans room, and as I got to the
door, I could feel my body being racked by the throes of an orgasm! I
moaned and squealed involuntarily, and couldn't believe what was
happening. After a while, my orgasm stopped, and I returned to the
conference room. My panties were soaked, and I was sure that all the men
in the room could smell the aroma wafting from my pussy. The meeting
ended uneventfully.

This involuntary orgasm stuff happened again and again in the next few
weeks, with the frequency going up to 3 times a day. I didn't know what
was going on; the feelings were great, but they were wearing me out
also.

I woke up one morning, and as I was putting on my bra, noticed that it
was awfully tight. I looked in the mirror, and noticed that my boobs
appeared to be bigger. Something weird was going on with my body.

Post Vacation: Bill's story.

Cheryl wasn't saying anything, so it was difficult to tell if the voodoo
doll was actually working. To explain, I had been intrigued by the
concept of voodoo during our vacation. I had talked to an old woman, who
sold me a voodoo doll of Cheryl. According to the old lady, anything I
did to the doll, would affect Cheryl. So far, Cheryl hadn't said
anything, but a check of her panties revealed that her pussy had leaked
a lot. I figured I would try something else. I got some childrens clay,
and molded some new tits for her. I glued them to the doll, and watching
Cheryl dress the next morning, noticed that they seemed to work. I
figured it was time to talk to Cheryl. I explained what I was doing to
her the past few weeks. I told her that I was far from finished with her
boobs. Instead of being amused, she seemed pissed.

Cheryl's turn.

I can't believe that bastard did something like this to me, without
asking. Although I found the orgasms quite pleasing, they definitely
happened at some awful times. I wasn't sure if I wanted bigger boobs.
After some thought, I knew what I would do to him to get back - I would
get my own voodoo doll of him. That would teach him. When I got home
that night, I told him that I had to go to a conference for one week,
and wouldn't be home. The gullible fool believed what I told him.

Bill's turn.

Despite being pissed in the morning, Cheryl seems to have gotten over
it. Maybe I should lay off the orgasms and the changes for a while. It
sure will be a long week without her.

Cheryl's turn.

Well, I found the little old lady, and explained what had happened. She
told me how to nullify the effects of his voodoo doll (change something
in my appearance, such as dying my hair), and gave me a doll of him.
Well, now I could play with him a little.

Bills turn.

Well, the business trip seemed pretty good for Cheryl. She isn't pissed
at me anymore, and actually seems to enjoy her bigger tits. I know that
she looks a lot better with larger tits.

Cheryl's turn.

I am kind of scared to use this new voodoo doll on Bill. After all, it
really was harmless fun. Maybe I'll see what he has in mind for me, now
that things have settled down a bit.

Bill's turn.

Well, now that things have settled down, I think I will try out the doll
again. In fact, what I will do is have someone else give the doll an
orgasm, while Cheryl and I have dinner tonight. It will be kind of fun
watching her squirm, while I can deny doing anything. This should be
neat. I wonder though why she dyed her hair blonde. I had always wanted
her to be a blonde, but she had always resisted me.

Cheryl's turn.

Gosh, he has been awfully sweet since I came back from the trip. I
wonder when he will try something again. It will be interesting to see
if me dying my hair blonde really will make a difference.

Bill's turn.

I wonder what happened? I know my friend manipulated the doll all night,
but Cheryl didn't seem turned on at all. This will be tough to explain
to my buddy - I had seated him by the bar, so he could watch Cheryl
squirm.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill seemed really pissed tonight about something. I finally confronted
him when we got home, and he confessed all. Can you imagine - my husband
loaned out my voodoo doll to some guy, so both of them could watch me
have a public orgasm. I will definitely punish Bill for this one. And in
fact, I did. I played with the little penis on the voodoo doll for hours
at end. I am not sure how he hid his hard on at work. Of course I never
could get the doll to "cum", but he sure did stay hard for hours.

Bill's turn.

I had a raging hard on all afternoon. At first I thought it was a result
of some of the new girls we hired, but the thing wouldn't go down. I
went to the bathroom numerous times to beat off, but it continued to
stay hard. Finally it dawned on me, Cheryl had a doll of her own.

Cheryl's turn.

I hope that this was a lot of fun for Bill. I wondered how he would feel
if his penis was very small. He thought big boobs were cute for me,
maybe I'll give him a little penis. I started to cut a little off of the
penis on the doll. Yep, the doll sure looked cute with a little penis!

Bill's turn.

I sure am glad that my dick finally went down. It was getting kind of
embarrassing. I wonder what caused this. You would think I was used to
all the tits and ass around the club by now. I went to the bathroom
later in the evening. I couldn't believe it, my dick had shrunk! I was
usually well hung, having around a 9" dick. Now it was so tiny, I could
barely get it out of my pants. What in the hell was happening to me
today?

Cheryl's turn.

I didn't think Bill would mention anything about the hard ons at work
today, (or his tiny penis) but I knew I could find out in bed. I dressed
for bed in a sexy little satin teddy and tap pants, and started to play
with him. Bill normally would jump me at the drop of a feather. Tonight
he avoided me. Finally, I grabbed for his crotch. I feigned surprise and
shock at his tiny penis. Bill actually started to cry. He had been quite
proud of his large penis, and was in tears at his current predicament. I
guess I took pity on him, because I explained what I had done to him. I
told him it was a little joke, and I would fix the doll tomorrow.
Instead of understanding that what I had done was a little payback for
what he had done to me, he got really upset, calling me all sorts of
nasty names, like "bitch", "cunt", etc. I don't like this kind of
language, and got equally upset. Fuck him I thought.

Bill's turn.

I can't believe what that bitch did. Yeah, I started it, but that was
harmless. Playing with the size of a mans dick is bullshit. Besides, she
probably enjoyed the orgasms. That cunt better put me back, and better
do it soon.

Cheryl's turn.

The next day, I got out the doll, intending to give Bill his penis back.
The more I thought about it, the more upset I got. Calling me a "bitch"?
Telling me that I probably enjoyed the orgasms? Yeah they did feel good,
but I was downright embarrassed some of the times. Maybe I'll let him
see what it is like. Instead of putting the penis back on the doll, I
shaped a vagina out of the doll! I played with Bill's clit for the next
hour.

Bill's turn.

I got to work, and hoped that I had gotten through to Cheryl. What a
bitch. She had better put me back together soon. I was sitting at my
desk doing paperwork, when I felt a flush through my body. My whole body
was tingling. I felt some pressure in my crotch, but instead of being a
nuisance, it felt pretty good. I had to stop working. I started to see
flowers and bright lights. All of a sudden, my body started to shake,
and I broke out in convulsions. The shakes and convulsions would come
and rake my body, then they would subside, only to come back again. This
kept up for almost an hour. Finally they stopped. I felt totally
exhausted. I got up to walk around a bit, and my drawers felt like I had
pissed in them. I went into my private bathroom, and dropped my pants.
Imagine my horror to see that my dick was completely gone, and a pussy
was in it's place. That cunt! I called her on the phone immediately.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill still doesn't see the humor of what is going on. He asked me what
would have happened if someone had come in the office, while he was
having a broads orgasm. I had to laugh. He certainly had not thought of
that while he was playing with my doll. Having had my laugh, I would
have turned his vagina back into a penis - except for one thing - he
finished the call by swearing at me, and threatening me, "Look here
bitch, you had better put my dick back right now, or I will get even."
Well, I knew that his voodoo doll was powerless now that I had changed
my hair color. Maybe I would play with him a little. I got out some
modeling clay, and fashioned some breasts and a round ass for Bill.
Attaching them to the voodoo doll, I also shaved away at his waist.
Gosh, the voodoo doll sure looked cute. I can't wait until Bill gets
home.

Bill's turn.

Gosh Cheryl pissed me off. What's the matter with her, can't she take a
joke? I mean, making her cum in public was cute. However, giving me a
pussy is not funny. I guess I can't go to the club to play tennis this
afternoon. How would I ever explain not having a dick. I was sitting in
my office thinking about this pussy stuff, when I felt my shirt start to
get tight. I looked down at my chest. OH MY GOD - Cheryl has given the
voodoo doll tits! I went to my bathroom, and took off my shirt. Holy
shit, I have a pair of big tits on my chest. I realized that my pants
were falling down. Looking in the mirror I noticed a skinny waist and a
big round ass. I had to get Cheryl to stop. My next problem was to get
out of my office. Fortunately I had my exercise clothes here for my
tennis game. I hoped that they would fit over this body. I ran quickly
from the bathroom to my gym bag. Gosh, these tits sure do bounce. I got
the clothes, and put them on. With the elastic waist, and the tie
string, I made the pants fit. The top was a little bigger problem. I
could think of no way to hide these tits. My nipples advertised to the
world that I was braless. I figured I would stay in my office until late
tonight, and then sneak out when the club started to get crowded. After
waiting until 8, I decided to sneak out of my office, and go out to my
car. Fat chance of that. My hasty walk to the front door was accompanied
by a little ass grabbing, and some lewd comments on my bouncing tits. I
got to the car, and got in. As I put my shoulder harness on, I noticed
that the strap split my tits evenly. It as a little uncomfortable. I was
going to get Cheryl tonight. I will make her change me back.

Cheryl's turn.

I'll bet Bill is having an interesting time. I wonder how he is getting
used to this new body of his. I think I will lay out a little outfit for
him to wear when he gets home. Maybe a little teddy, or maybe some baby
dolls!

Bill's turn.

The trip home was uneventful. I began to think about why Cheryl was mad
at me. Even though I could think of no reason for her to be pissed, I
resolved myself to apologize for almost anything when I got home. I
needed her to change me back. I did not want to have this babes body for
much longer. I fondled my nipples a little, and was surprised to feel
them harden up, much as I had made tits harden up in the past. Scarily,
they were mine. I got home, and Cheryl was smiling. "Nice boobs," Cheryl
told me. I told her I was sorry for whatever I had done to her. I told
her I would do anything to make it up to her. I pleaded her to make me a
man again.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill actually apologized. I thought he was cute. I anticipated his
groveling. I had a plan. I told him that if he would stay like this for
two weeks, and do what I told him to for those two weeks, I would change
him back. I promised to destroy the voodoo doll after I changed him
back. He actually seemed relieved.

Bill's turn.

OK, I can handle this shit for two weeks. It will be pretty weird, but
what else can I do? Heck, with the voodoo doll, she could do anything to
me. I put on the satin teddy that she offered. The panties were a little
pair of thong panties that had always turned me on before. Looking in
the mirror turned me on, until I realized that I was being turned on by
my reflection. Cheryl directed me to perform orally for her. It sure was
strange and frustrating to get her all hot, and not be able to fuck her.
I could actually feel my crotch get warm and wet. I was embarrassed.

Cheryl's turn.

I might as well enjoy this while I can. It was very enjoyable to have
sex for my pleasure, versus his. I might get to like this.

Cheryl's turn.

I woke up the following morning, and Bill was still sleeping. He sure
did look cute in that little teddy! I hadn't put too much thought into
what I would have him do for the next two weeks, but I decided to make
his life as miserable as possible. Let him really experience life as a
woman. Fortunately, it was Saturday morning, so I had the whole weekend
to get him acclimated. I decided I would start by giving him big boobs -
all the better to get attention! This being Saturday, I decided that
Bill could accompany me to my health club, and work out in one of my
aerobics class! First though, I had to get him some clothes. Much of my
clothes would fit him, but I knew that nothing I owned would fit him on
top, especially with the boobs I was about to give him!

Bill's turn.

I woke up in bed, and felt funny. A touch of my chest reminded me
quickly of what was going on. I hope that Cheryl doesn't have too much
weird stuff in mind for the next two weeks. Who knows, maybe I can get
her to change her mind and fix me quicker. Gosh, my boobs look even
bigger than they did yesterday. I wonder when Cheryl will be done
meddling.

Now Cheryl wants to go shopping for clothes. I won't need many clothes
for long I hope. As silly as it is for me to want a bra, Cheryl has
promised that a bra will help control the jiggling and bouncing. I don't
want to go to her health club with her, but know I have to. I have been
there before, and Saturdays was a great day to check out the broads. Now
they will be checking me out.

Cheryl's turn.

I decided to take Bill to the Mall. As a minimum, Bill needed some bras
and panties, as well as some basic outfits. I decided that I would get
him his own exercise leotards, and for a surprise, I would buy him a
bikini! He always hated the feminine Victoria's Secret, so I knew that
would be our first stop!

Bill's turn.

It sure does feel weird being an actual customer of Victoria's Secret. I
always hated this place. I have some very weird feelings about these
bras. They look very sexy, but actually feel pretty good. It was pretty
nice to have these boobs under control. I discovered that I was the
proud owner of a pair of 36D boobs. I learned that I wore size 6
panties.

Our next stop was in Belk's for some exercise wear. I wanted some loose
fitting, conservative outfits, but Cheryl opted for all tight spandex
stuff. The bottoms were white tights, with a hot pink pair of trunks,
that almost split my ass. A revealing (boob and midriff) crop top
completed the outfit.

We bought a couple of other outfits, all of which I thought were a
little too sexy for wear in a public place. The shocker of the morning,
was a stop in the swimwear section. A tiny electric green bikini was
Cheryl's choice. This thing looked so small. Cheryl laughed, and told me
that I would probably need to trim my pussy a little. How embarrassing.

Cheryl's turn.

I made a point of getting sexy and revealing clothes for Bill. I could
have gotten him conservative outfits, but heck, I only had two weeks for
playing with Bill. Might as well give him the whole dose at once. It was
obvious that Bill had forgotten about the friends he had invited over
for tonight, for a small pool party. I would remind him later, and with
that new suit, I was sure to make him the life of the party.

Bill's turn.

It was strange walking into the health club, and instead of going into
the men's changing room, walking into the womans. The woman's room was
very different. First off, it didn't smell like a locker room. There was
some odor of female sweat, but overall, it reeked of perfume. Second
off, it was kind of my wildest dream come true. There were women
everywhere, and in various states of undress. I witnessed more tits and
ass than I had seen in a long time. The disgusting part was that many of
the women were actually quite ugly. I was used to very beautiful naked
women from my bar. These were all different sizes.

Pulling on the exercise clothes was more than a little weird. I enjoyed
seeing babes in this sort of tight outfit. On me though, I did not enjoy
it. The tight spandex left little to the imagination.

When we finished, I hoped that Cheryl would take the door straight to
the classroom. Instead, as I feared, Cheryl went out the front door, and
led me down what we guys had called meat alley. By going out the front
door, we had to walk all the way around, to include past the weight
room, where all the guys would linger to scope out the babes. I felt
very self conscious, particularly seeing as I knew what the guys were
thinking as they looked at me. I know that if I was seeing me, I would
really want to fuck me.

Cheryl's turn.

I hope that Bill will get a better appreciation for us women. The walk
past all the guys is a big turn on for me. I hope he feels every stare.
I wonder how Bill will hold up to the aerobic workout. He had always
laughed at me in the past. Lets see!

Bill's turn.

This aerobics shit shouldn't be too tough. Sure are a lot of good
looking babes here. By the time 30 minutes rolled around, I was sweating
like a pig. Holy shit, this stuff is harder than it looks. Of course, I
am being challenged by a large set of heaving tits. Even with the bra,
it is like they have a life of their own! I'll be glad when this is
over.

The class finally ended, and after a shower, we went home. Cheryl took
plenty of opportunities to make fun of how tired I was. It wasn't my
fault that the aerobic workout killed me.

Cheryl stunned me by reminding me that we had two of my male friends
from work coming over tonight. I told her that we had to cancel it.

Cheryl's turn.

Well, I don't think Bill will ever make fun of my aerobics class again.
I probably could have made it a little easier on him by getting him a
sports bra, but I really did want him to experience the effect of
bouncing boobs - and experience it he did!

Bill is scared to death of the party tonight. I wouldn't cancel it for
anything. I had called the two guys that were coming over, and told them
that Bill had to go out of town for an emergency. I had also told them
that my single cousin was staying with us right now, and that I really
wanted her to meet the two of them.

Bill's turn.

We got home, and Cheryl decided that it was time for me to try on the
bikini that she had chosen for me. I had protested at the store that it
looked too small, but she bought it anyway. I pulled on the bottoms
first. They fit quite snugly, and I could feel the back crawl up between
my cheeks. Cheryl had been correct - my pussy hairs protruded from both
sides of the swimming suit bottom. I close look at the tight bottoms,
revealed a nice view of the cleft between my pussy lips. God this was a
turn on and an embarrassment at the same time.

Cheryl got my old razor and cream, and trimmed me up. My pussy actually
did look a little better with the trim. With the bottom done, it was
time for the top.

The top was just a couple of small pieces of cloth, attached together
with some string. Although the top did cover my nipples, little else was
covered. I protested to Cheryl that I could not go outside dressed like
this. She told that not only could I go out like this, but I would.

Cheryl's turn.

I have to admit that the swimming suit I got for Bill was far more
revealing than anything I would wear. In fact, it was almost indecent. I
am sure that he will put on quite a show for his friends. Plus, I had
some special fun in mind for him. I put on my one piece suit, and we
both went outside to get some sun. The door bell rang not too much
later. I told Bill I would get the door, and to wait outside.

I opened the door, and welcomed both of Bill's friends. Again, I
apologized for Bill not being here, but told them that I wanted them to
meet my cousin, Cindy.

Bill's turn.

I am not sure how I will be able to handle meeting my friends, with this
body. Especially dressed like this. I knew these guys, and knew that
they would definitely find me pleasing.

John and Randy walked out of the house, and Cheryl introduced us.
Watching their eyes move up and down my body, I knew they were pleased
with my appearance. To my horror, my embarrassment transferred itself
into my breasts, and my nipples hardened up for all to see.

I was surprised at the quality of the conversation. When I talked to
them as guys, the conversation revolved around sports, current events,
the stock market, etc. Now, it seemed like all we could talk about was
silly things with no substance. I knew from experience that this was not
normal for them when talking to men, so I determined that they
considered me some sort of air head.

After a couple of hours of drinks (gosh I got drunk quick - maybe a
result of a smaller body), Cheryl suggested we move to the hot tub. I
got scared. I know what usually happens with guys and girls in the hot
tub. I tried to talk everyone out of it, but I was overwhelmed.

We sat in the hot tub for a while, and what happened next is what I
expected. Hands started to move about freely, and I was getting my back,
legs, etc., rubbed softly by both of these guys. Cheryl excused herself
to go to the bathroom, and there I was alone in the hot tub with two
horny guys.



Cheryl's turn.

This is kind of fun. Bill is getting quite an experience as a woman. Now
it is time for my special surprise. I went up to the guest bedroom, the
one with the window overlooking the hot tub. I got out the voodoo doll,
and proceeded to tease Bill. I decided that I would make him super
horny, bringing him to the brink of orgasm, letting him down, and vice
versa, over and over. I wanted to see what effect this had on the
situation with Bill, Randy, and John.

Bill's turn.

Oh shit, Cheryl's playing with the doll! I was trying my damnedest to
keep my voice under control, but it was obvious that the guys could see
that I was getting excited. What bothered me the most was just as I
would come to the edge of relief, Cheryl would stop. Then it started all
over again. After 6 cycles of this, I told the guys that I had to go to
the bathroom.

I called to Cheryl when I got into the house. I asked her what she was
doing to me. She told me that she was prepared to keep this up for
hours. I begged her to let me come over the edge at least once, just to
break the tension. She told me that there was only one way I was going
to get relief tonight - from one or both of the guys!

Cheryl's turn.

I feel kind of bad, but I really want Bill to feel a penis in his
vagina. What better chance than now. He argued, but with my threat of
control of the doll, I knew that I would get him to agree. I wanted to
watch from the window. What a unique situation - watching my husband
being seduced and screwed. What a neat situation - my husband being
screwed by his friends!

Bill's turn.

I knew that Cheryl was serious with her threats. Although it scared me
to death, I knew that I had to get one of these guys to fuck my pussy.
After seeing how horny they were, I didn't think I would have too much
trouble getting them to fuck me.

Cheryl's turn.

It was fun watching what was happening down at the hot tub. As Bill
jiggled into view, I could hear some drunken and lewd comments being
thrown his way. Bill surprisingly, seemed to take my threats serious, as
I could hear some suggestive comments coming from him. I watched Bill
get into the hot tub, and noticed that as he slipped a little, he was
helped with a strong hand from Randy on Bill's ass. The hand didn't
leave until it squeezed Bill's ass a lot.

Bill got right to work, and I watched him massage the crotches of both
John and Randy. I noticed that their penises rose to the occasion. I
wasn't sure how Bill was going to handle this situation. John reached
around, and untied Bill's bikini top. Bill's boobs looked even better,
now that he had some tan lines to highlight his nipples!

I guess I wasn't watching too close, 'cause I didn't see who pulled off
Bills bikini bottoms, but I saw them fly through the air. The next thing
I did see was Bill being pulled on top of John. Bill slowly sat down,
and then was seated in John's lap. I knew from experience what that
meant! John had his penis buried in Bill's vagina!

Randy wasn't letting Bill off the hook either. Randy stood up in the
pool, sporting a long, hard penis. Randy grabbed the back of Bill's
head, and fed Bill his penis. Bill started bobbing in and out on Randy's
penis, while at the same time moving up and down on John's. God this was
fun to watch.

Bill's turn.

I wanted to get this over with as quickly as possible. I got back in the
hot tub, and started to massage both of their dicks. Gosh they got hard
quickly. My bikini top was quickly removed, and I realized that the sun
had given me bikini tan lines. My bottoms were pulled off as fast as my
top.

John pulled me over to him, and placed me over his lap. I felt his dick
at the entrance to my pussy. My pussy was fully lubed from all the
arousal Cheryl had subjected me to. John pulled me down quickly, and
before I knew it, I had a dick in my cunt. It's hard to describe the
feeling. At first it felt like a large "something" was being stuck in
me. But after it was in there for a while, it didn't feel so alien. John
started to push me up and down, and I started to cooperate with him. My
pussy actually started to feel kind of neat.

I guess Randy felt left out. I know I would have if I was still a guy.
He walked over, revealing a huge hard on. I had seen Randy plenty of
times in the locker room, but never really stared at his dick up close -
and never had I seen it hard. Randy grabbed the back of my head, and
shoved his dick at my mouth. I knew what was expected of me, and I
opened wide. I had touched my dick all of my life. Randy's felt very
different.

A lot of very weird feelings started to go through my mind. On the one
hand, I was disgusted. I was not a homo, and didn't like fags anyway.
Yet, I was not only getting fucked by a guy, I was also sucking a cock.
On the other hand, I felt some perverse desire/knowledge to please these
guys. After all, I was in the body of a broad. I didn't want them to
think that I was a lousy piece of ass.

Cheryl's turn.

Wow, Bill seems to really be getting off on what is happening. I wonder
if he is really gay at heart, and wants a male lover?

Bill's turn.

This blowjob stuff is really weird. I am trying to do a good job in
order to please Randy. Yet, I know that Randy just sees me as a tool for
a good time. Plus, the realization that I have a cock in my mouth makes
me sick. My pussy is something else. God it feels good. John is
alternating deep thrusts with my movements up and down, and it is making
me feel so good. I hope he doesn't stop before my pussy cums. It would
be just like a man! It's a good thing that I have a cock in my mouth,
'cause I think I would be moaning and screaming if I didn't.

Cheryl's turn.

It appears that both Randy and John came at about the same time. In a
perverse sort of way, I am glad that Randy made Bill swallow his cum. I
could tell from here that Bill did not expect to, but Randy held the
back of Bill's head until he did. John obviously came before Bill could
achieve orgasm. Wasn't that a good lesson! A couple more of these
experiences, and I might have the best sex of my life when I switch Bill
back! He rarely cared about my orgasms. Maybe now he would!

Bill's turn.

It was strange. I knew that the end of a blowjob meant that the guy had
to cum, but still it was a surprise. I could feel Randy's penis tense up
a little, and I noticed a little bit of liquid in my mouth. Suddenly
though, Randy's dick erupted, and I could feel him shoots continuous
spurts of cum in my mouth. Again, I had these weird conflicting
feelings. On the one hand I was disgusted to have a mouth full of cum,
but on the other hand, I was proud that I had made him cum. I wanted to
spit the cum out somewhere, but Randy wasn't letting my head go. I knew
from much experience on the other side, that he wanted me to swallow. I
knew that this wouldn't be much of a fight, so I dutifully swallowed.
God that sucked.

John's cuming was a little different. First off, I did not want him to
stop. My pussy was starting to feel real good. But, John grabbed my
hips, and pulled me to him, preventing my movement. I felt the spurting
of cum in my pussy. I started to whine, begging him not to stop. Both of
them laughed at me. John pushed me away.

I am not sure what was motivating me at this point. I had this burning
desire to be held, to be fondled, and most of all to be fucked. I tried
to kiss John. John pushed me away, laughing and telling me that he
wasn't going to kiss a mouth that had Randy's cum in it. I asked Randy
to fuck me. He replied that he was spent for the time being, maybe
later. I decided to go inside in frustration. I got out of the hot tub.
John slapped me on the ass, and commented that I was a great piece of
ass. I ran buck naked into the house, both embarrassed and proud of
John's comment.

Cheryl's turn.

John and Randy didn't stay too much longer after they had used Bill.
Bill had taken a shower, and had gotten dressed. I told Bill, that
unless he wanted John's cum dripping from his vagina all night, he
needed to clean the inside of his vagina with a douche. I handed him a
bottle of Summer's Eve, and told him that the directions were on the
box. This little escapade seemed to have stunned Bill. I had never seen
him so quiet.

Bill's turn.

I was suffering from a complete mix of emotions right now. My first (and
I hoped only) experience with sex as a woman. Deep down I was disgusted
and embarrassed. I had pleasured my male friends. I shuddered to think
of it. Yet, they had both seemed to enjoy it, and I did take some pride
in the fact that I could make both of them cum. Heck, John even told me
that I was a great piece of ass. Now I know that guys say that to every
girl, but I hoped that in my case he was sincere. I do wish that he had
taken the time to get me off though.

Cheryl's turn.

I wish I could have spent more time with Bill during the week. I
couldn't take any more time off (seeing as I just had my vacation), and
so Bill had to stay home by himself. I had called his assistant manager
and told him that Bill was called away for an emergency, and wouldn't be
back for two weeks. As for Bill, I told him that he could stay home
everyday, but if he did, he would have to act like a housewife, what
with cleaning the house, doing the laundry, and cooking. He argued a
little, but complied.

Bill's turn.

This housewife shit really sucks. Just because I look like a broad,
suddenly I am expected to take care of the housework? The real bitch was
the effect of this female body on my strength. I tried to do some of the
things I enjoyed, and just couldn't. I tried to work on the car on
Tuesday. What a bitch. My tits got in the way, when I tried to lean over
the fender. I couldn't even get under the car - these tits got in the
way. I couldn't turn wrenches, or anything.

Cheryl's turn.

I had another surprise in mind for Bill. Bill had always wanted to check
out his competition in the titty bar business. I had just the chance for
him to do so. One of his competitors, Rick's Lounge had amateur night on
Wednesdays. Bill was going to enter the contest!

Bill's turn.

I can't believe that Cheryl wants me to dance at a topless bar. Yeah, I
understand her logical argument, that this will provide me an
opportunity to "check out" one of my competitors bars from the inside,
but I doubt if that is her real reason. I think she really wants to
embarrass me.

This past week has been a strange one for me. I hate being a broad. I
don't like being a housewife, the tits get in the way of everything, and
I hate having to sit down to piss. I am not sure how to handle getting
fucked last weekend. I can't be gay. I like fucking broads. Yet, I find
the female orgasm to be great. I like cumming and cumming. Having a dick
in my pussy actually felt pretty good. Sucking a cock wasn't so bad.

Cheryl's turn.

This will be a fun night. Bill seems to understand that he "has" to
dance tonight. What he doesn't know is that I will be giving him an
orgasm at the same time! I'll bet he really shakes his butt tonight!

Bill's turn.

I never liked Rick's lounge. It was a sleazier bar than mine, and
catered to a more blue collar audience than my bar. For some reason
though, he always seemed to have some of the more attractive broads
dancing for his place. I knew that the tips had to be better in my bar,
particularly seeing as most of my customers were three piece suit kind
of guys.

Cheryl and I walked in, and we both were undressed with the manager's
eyes. Cheryl seemed to take this is stride, I was still uncomfortable
with it. I knew what the guy was thinking. Cheryl explained that she was
here with me, and that only I was going to compete in the amateur
contest. I was directed to the dressing room.

The dressing room was no where near as fancy as what I provided my
broads. There were little lockers for the broads street clothes, and a
number of lighted mirrors along the wall. An older lady was there with a
makeup tray, and she was making the girls up for the contest. I noticed
that all of the babes were getting a very dramatic look put on their
faces, almost like hookers. I asked about it, and the old lady told me
that this was so we would look better in the lights. I waited my turn,
and was made up.

Cheryl had made me wear my bikini under my clothes, and now that I had
taken my skirt and blouse off, I felt almost naked. I knew the deal
about amateur nights, and resigned myself to dancing my two song set. I
had planned and watched plenty of these. I knew that during the first
song, I would be expected to dance around, and during the second, remove
my top. During both songs, I would be expected to stop in front of guys,
and let them place money in my garter, and or panties. I had practiced
prancing around on high heels earlier today, so at least I knew I
wouldn't be falling down.

My turn finally came, and I walked out to the stage, to the
accompaniment of cheers and lewd comments. I knew I had the biggest tits
of any of the other dancers. The stage went down the center of the bar,
and guys were seated three deep around the stage.

I tried my best to wiggle and jiggle around during the first song. The
dollar bills came freely. I felt weird to have strange guys hands on my
legs. One of the guys had a five dollar bill, and wanted to put it in my
panties. I stopped at him, and he told me to turn around. He put the
bill in the thong part of my panties! It felt funny, having money
hanging out of my ass, but all the guys cheered wildly.

The second song came up, and I dropped my top. The room went wild. I
jiggled and bounced my tits around. I was losing my feelings of
embarrassment, and was actually getting turned on, feeling the power I
had over these guys. Suddenly, I felt the familiar feelings of my cunt
being aroused. That bitch. Cheryl was giving me an orgasm!

I'll bet the rest of the show was special. I was gyrating my cunt, like
there was no tomorrow. I was out of control. All of us "girls" had been
told that we couldn't touch our pussies while we were dancing. I tried
my best to retain control. As the song ended, Cheryl made me cum, and I
let out some loud screams and moans. The crowd went wild. I was both
elated and embarrassed.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill actually seems to be enjoying this. What kind of monster have I
created? I think I will really embarrass him, by making him cum.

Bill's turn.

I am embarrassed to say that I won the amateur contest. They offered me
a job full time, but I had to say no. They told me that if I didn't want
to dance full time, I would always be welcome at the amateur contests. I
thanked them, and Cheryl and I left the bar.

Cheryl's turn.

I hope that Bill is finally starting to appreciate the woman's side of
things. I originally did this to him to enhance our relationship, but I
am starting to realize that this will probably make him a better boss at
work. Now that he has danced, he will probably be nicer to the dancers.

Bill's turn.

I am not sure I understand all the things happening to me. I actually
had fun tonight. I am sure that the only reason I won, was because of my
big tits, and the wild way I am sure I danced while having an orgasm.
Yet, who cares? It was fun. Yet, being in the dressing room with all
those other bimbos sucked. What a bunch of airheads. Tits and ass.
That's all they were. Yet, I was one of them....

Thursday was pretty much a repeat of the rest of the week. Taking care
of the house, washing, cooking, cleaning, etc. It really sucked. I tried
to watch TV, but soap operas and talk shows were terrible. I can't
believe that woman watch that shit all day. Kind of reinforces my
opinion of what a bunch of idiots women are. At least I was kind of
lucky, Cheryl was somewhat responsible, and actually had a good job.

On Friday, I had just finished putting the clothes in the wash, when the
doorbell rang. I froze. I was still wearing the baby doll pajamas that
Cheryl had had me wear last night to bed. They were quite filmy and see
through. I ran to our bedroom, and grabbed a robe. I covered most of my
body, but my tits were just a little too big to cover completely. The
bell rang again.

I got to the door, and was surprised to see that it was John. I asked
him what he was doing here, and he smiled. He told me that he wanted to
take me up on my request to be fucked again. Stunned, I backed away from
the door, and John entered my house.

Well, one thing led to another, and before I knew it, we were in my
bedroom. As disgusted as I was, knowing that John just saw me as a
chance for an afternoon diversion, I wanted to see if I could cum merely
from a guy fucking me, as opposed to Cheryl playing with my pussy.

John stripped his clothes off quickly, and lifted me up onto the bed. He
ripped my panties off, and started to chew on my nipples. God that felt
good. I could feel my pussy start to get aroused. I could also feel
John's cock get hard, and it started to rub up and down on the side of
my leg.

Suddenly, John grabbed my ankles, and lifted them up above my head. I
knew what an arousing sight I probably was, what with my pussy and ass
hole fully revealed. Without any preparation or hesitation, John put the
head of his cock against my pussy, and rammed it in with one stroke.

John proceeded to pump my pussy for what seemed like hours. I started to
feel an orgasm build within me. My entire body felt like it was glowing,
and I felt like I was on fire, as the heat built up. I started to see
seas of flowers. Suddenly, I felt the squirts of cum coming from his
cock, and he pulled out of my pussy. Just like last time, I begged and
cried for him to not stop. Please fuck me some more I begged. John
laughed, and said that he was tired. I collapsed back on the bed.

I could hear John washing up in the bathroom. I was frustrated. How
could I get a cock to make me cum? I thought some more, and remembered
Cheryl complaining just like I was now. Then it was ok, after all, I was
a guy, and she was a broad. Now I wanted the orgasm.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill confessed his days activities to me. I actually feel sorry for him.
I think that I have made my point with him. He promised to be a better
man in the future, now that he understood the pitfalls of being a woman.
I actually believe him. I told him that I would not make him spend the
entire two weeks as a woman. I told him that I would change him back
tonight.

I told him to lay down, and go to sleep. I thought the changes would be
easier to take if he was sleeping. He took some sleeping pills, and went
to sleep.

I got out some modeling clay and the voodoo doll, and went to the
kitchen table. I shaved the clay off of the doll, where I had made up
his boobs and his round ass. I filled in the narrower hips I had given
him. Finally, I fashioned a penis out of the clay, and attached it to
the doll.

Not having witnessed the change before, I wasn't sure exactly how long
it would take for Bill to change back. I went to the bedroom, and sat
down to watch. I thought it would be fun to watch his boobs go away, and
for his penis to grow.

Bill's turn.

I am so glad that Cheryl decided to change me back early. It seems that
she bought my story hook, line, and sinker. Although it is frustrating
not to have an orgasm, why should I care, once I have a dick again. I
will have to be nice to her just long enough to get control of the
voodoo doll. After that, all bets are off.

Cheryl's turn.

It's been twelve hours now. I wonder why his body hasn't changed yet. I
know that it did not take twelve hours before.

Bill's turn.

I woke up, expecting to be a man again. Imagine my surprise to realize
that I still had tits. I grabbed my crotch, and felt the by now familiar
pussy. I saw Cheryl sitting there, and asked here what was going on. I
thought she was going to change me back.

Cheryl told me that she had changed the doll. Somehow, it wasn't
working. I told her to stop kidding. She told me she wasn't kidding, and
showed me the doll. The doll looked like I used to. I sat there in
stunned silence.

I had been experiencing a lot of different emotions in the last week,
ranging from embarrassment, to disgust, to new forms of pleasure. Now
all I could feel was stark terror. Immediately behind the terror, was a
feeling of helplessness. What could I do to change back? What would I do
if I could not change back? I couldn't imagine being a broad for the
rest of my life, relegated to lesbian sex with my wife.

Cheryl's turn.

I don't know what is wrong with the voodoo doll. Could I have done
something wrong? Maybe there is some secret something I have to do to
accomplish the change back? I racked my memory, but could not remember
anything special that the lady had told me.

Bill was positively scared. I guess I could understand his point, and I
am sure he is thinking about what if he can't be changed back. I think
that we will have to go see the witch doctor together, with both of the
dolls. Maybe she will have a solution.

Bill's turn.

I guess Cheryl is right about the trip down to the islands. I hope that
old lady will be able to fix whatever Cheryl did. Cheryl and I went
shopping to buy some traveling clothes, and thankfully, Cheryl chose
some conservative outfits. I asked her for some slacks and/or pantsuits,
but she would only buy skirts and blouses. It felt really strange to
travel in a skirt.

Walking the long concourses in heels really sucks. My feet are killing
me. I hated the sound of my nylons swishing as I walked. Sitting in the
airline seats took a little getting used to, as I was reminded when the
steward asked me if I wanted something to drink. I followed his eyes
down, and noticed that my skirt had rode up a whole lot, offering him a
nice view. I actually could feel myself blush.

Cheryl's turn.

I won't be able to take a vacation for years once this is over. My boss
was really pissed, but I explained that this was a medical emergency.
Bill did not want to dress up too much for the trip, but I wanted him to
experience womanhood one more time before we got him changed back. We
had packed his male clothes for the trip back.

I am sure we made quite a traveling pair, two attractive ladies. I
wonder how many people thought that we were lesbians!

We checked into the hotel late in the day. As much as Bill wanted to go
look for the witch doctor right then and there, I convinced him that we
really should go out in the morning. Bill finally agreed. I really
believed that he would be switched back in the morning. This would be
his last night as a woman.

He did not know, but I had purchased some sexy lingerie for him before
the trip. I had him dress up in it before bed. He looked stunning. His
dark nipples were revealed through the filmy cups of the chemise top.
His ass was quite visible, and his dark patch beckoned through the
panties. If I was a guy I know he would interest me.

I got out our camera. Bill started to protest. I explained that this
would be his last night as a woman. We needed to have something to
remember this experience. Bill finally agreed. I shot a whole roll of
film, and Bill posed in some rather whorey looking poses.

Bill's turn.

What the heck, this will all be over tomorrow. I started to get into the
picture taking, and did all sorts of things similar to pictures I had
seen in some of the girlie magazines I read.

Cheryl's turn.

After breakfast, we went off to find the old lady. Bill and I were both
wearing some cute sun dresses, but he looked a lot better in his, what
with his awesome cleavage. Of course, he bounced around a lot more than
I did also.

We found the old lady, and when she saw the both of us, she smiled. She
told me that I was having some difficulty with my voodoo doll of Bill. I
told her that she was correct. She told us that she could help us, but
wasn't sure if she wanted to. I figured that she was trying to negotiate
a price, and smiled at her. I asked her what it would take to convince
her to help us.

Bill wasn't nearly so cooperative. He exploded. He started to scream at
the old lady, and started to call her names. I was stunned to hear this
language from him, and cautioned him to stop.

Bill's turn.

I couldn't believe what I was hearing. I got out of control. I called
her a sorry old bitch. I told her that she had better change me back or
else. I told her that I was sick of having tits and a cunt, and that she
had better fix this now. I continued to scream and yell at her, until
finally Cheryl got me settled down. The old lady was visibly stunned.

Cheryl's turn.

I finally got Bill settled down. The old lady told us that she had
reconsidered, and that she would do what she could. She told us that she
needed to talk to each of us, one at a time.

She talked to me first. She said that she would switch Bill back. She
asked me if I wanted any physical changes to Bill. I thought about this
a little, and she warned me that all changes would be permanent. I did
not want any major changes, but told her that if his penis was a little
larger, that would be ok with me. She laughed and said ok.

She told me to leave, and send in Bill.

Bill's turn.

About time the old hag came to her senses. And to think, this was all my
idea to begin with. The old lady told me that she would accomplish the
change. She asked me if I wanted any physical changes to Cheryl. I
thought about this, and she warned me that all changes would be
permanent. I told her that I wanted Cheryl to have DD cup tits, and a
bigger/rounder ass. I asked if there was a way to change her feet so
that she would always have to wear high heels. The old lady laughed, and
said that all would be done.

The old lady called us both back together, and talked to the two of us.
She said that all the changes would take place within 12 hours, but only
if we took this pill when we got back to the hotel. I asked what the
pill was, and she told us that it was a sleeping pill. She explained the
change would only happen if we were both asleep, and only if we slept
for at least eight hours.

I thanked her profusely, and Cheryl and I left to go back to the hotel.
I wanted to get done with this babe shit as soon as I could.

Cheryl's turn.

I am not sure why we both have to take a pill, but if it will help Bill,
then so be it. We both hurried back to the hotel, and when we got to our
room, took the pills. Bill took off his panties, and laughed. He told me
that the only way he wanted to get in my panties in the future was with
his penis. I laughed. We both started to feel the effects of the pills,
and fell asleep.

I awoke first. I was still kind of groggy, and was only half awake. I
could see no light coming in through the windows, and I couldn't think
of any reason for me waking up in the night. I slowly started to
remember where I was, and what was going on. I reached over to Bill, and
attempted to fondle his crotch. It would be great to have my husband
back. I reached between his legs, and instead of feeling his penis,
still felt a vagina. I woke up quickly.

In my haste to sit up, I noticed that my nightgown was really tight.
Yet, I also noticed that I couldn't see my boobs. They must be squashed
down by this tight gown. I sat up the rest of the way, and noticed that
I felt strange. I stood up, and pulled off my night gown. I was stunned.
I had no boobs on my chest, and I had a lot of hair on it. A further
examination revealed a large penis between my legs. What was going on
here.

I woke up Bill. Bill woke up and went through a momentary orientation.
He looked down, and saw the familiar boobs and vagina. He started to
scream.

We both examined ourselves, and came to the conclusion that I was now a
man, and Bill was still a woman. The amazing thing was that I looked
exactly like Bill used to look, and Bill looked like I used to look. The
differences were slight, although my penis was larger than Bill's ever
was, and Bill had larger boobs than I had had (in fact, they were larger
than I had put on him). Bill got out of bed, and immediately fell down.
I asked him what was wrong. He told me he could not stand up. I went
over to him, and noticed that his feet were arched. As much as he tried,
he could not make his feet flat. I gave him a pair of heels, and he
stood easily.

We hastily got dressed, and headed out to see the witch doctor.
Fortunately, we had packed Bill's clothes, so I had some clothes to
wear. BVDs were weird, and I had a hard time with the penis. How did
guys walk with this thing anyway.

It was interesting walking around in a larger male body. I found that I
could see much more. Surprisingly, I did not miss my boobs. My shirt was
tight to my muscular chest.

Bill's turn.

What in the hell was happening? That old hag promised to change me back.
If anything, I am worse off than before. It looks like I ended up with
the bigger tits and ass that I had asked for for Cheryl. My feet are
permanently arched like I wanted Cheryl's too. I guess that Cheryl asked
for me to have a bigger dick, cause the one she is sporting is a lot
bigger than mine ever was.

It is strange walking down the street with Cheryl, now that she looks
like a man. It's almost like we are man and wife, except I am the wife!

Cheryl's turn.

We found the old lady. She had a big smile on her face this time. She
asked how we both were. I explained that there was a problem, and that
something had gone wrong.

She explained that nothing had gone wrong. She had been very offended by
Bill's name calling. She said that she had decided that if anyone
deserved to be a "cunt", Bill did. With that in mind, she had switched
both of our bodies, making sure to make the "adjustments" that we had
both asked for, for the other one.

Bill had not learned his lesson yet. He went ballistic. He started to
scream and yell at the old lady. She just laughed. She said that she
originally was only going to make the switch last for six months. She
had just decided to make it last forever. Her parting remark was that
she thought Bill might mellow out after his third or fourth kid.

Bill's turn.

That cunt! Who the fuck did she think she was to do this to me. And now
she claims it will be permanent? And I'll have kids?

Cheryl's turn.

I exercised my superior strength for the first time, and restrained
Bill. Having muscles was pretty neat. I slapped Bill and told him to
shut up. I told him that we would leave the lady alone and figure out
what we were going to do next. We returned to the hotel.

We got back to the hotel, and I told Bill to leave me alone for a little
bit, while I thought through what was going on. It was pretty strange
being in a man's body. It was bigger, I had a lot more strength, and it
was a lot hairier. I looked over at Bill, and in a way it was like
looking in a mirror. I saw myself, but now my old self had much bigger
boobs, and a much bigger butt. I had always been attractive, but now as
I looked at myself, I looked "cute". I was kind of pissed that Bill had
tried to make those changes on me, especially without asking. I don't
think I wanted big boobs and a big butt. The alteration to my feet was
especially disturbing. Imagine having to wear high heels all the time.
Maybe it is only fair that Bill has to experience the awful changes he
wished upon me.

Bill's turn.

Why did I wish for these changes to Cheryl's body? It is bad enough
being a broad, but now I have these big tits, and this ass. I can't
imagine having to wear high heels all the time. They really suck.

I started to change out of this dress, into some shorts and a t-shirt.
Cheryl's going to have to get a whole new wardrobe when we get switched
back. This bra is very tight, and I doubt if any on her old tops will
fit. These panties are so tight, they are uncomfortable. Cheryl keeps
staring at me funny. I wonder what is going through her mind. I kind of
like the idea that she wanted me to have a bigger cock. I actually look
pretty good with that thing.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill will have to get some new underwear. Looking at him in his old
stuff is making this penis hard. His boobs look stuffed into that old
bra, and those panties are quite tight. What the heck, if he wants to
arouse me, I might as well test out this equipment that I have.

I walked over to Bill on the bed, and started to fondle his boobs and
his ass. To my surprise, my penis got even harder and bigger. Bill
started to push me away, protesting that he wasn't going to be screwed
by his wife. I laughed. I don't know if it was the male hormones
swimming through my body or what, but I really wanted to put this penis
in a vagina.

I wasn't sure exactly how to do this from this side, but I figured it
couldn't be too difficult. I pushed Bill back on the bed (what a switch
- I was much stronger than he was now), and ripped off his panties. I
flicked his nipples, and nibbled and bit on them. Bill actually started
to moan! This was kind of fun!

I grabbed Bill's ankles, and pushed them up over his head. Bill's vagina
was made available to me. Surprisingly, I had a great degree of control
over the hard penis. It didn't really bob all over the place. I placed
the head of the penis at the entrance to Bill's vagina. I gently pushed
the penis into Bill's vagina. Amazed with the ease of entry, I pushed
the penis in the rest of the way. Bill screamed when I hit bottom.

Bill's turn.

Cheryl wants to fuck me! It's bad enough having a pussy, but suddenly my
wife has a dick. I tried to stop her from fucking me, but in my body,
she had a lot more strength than I did.

God that big dick hurt! I don't think she understands how much pain she
can inflict with a big dick. After the initial plunge, she started to
get into a rhythm that felt better. In and out, in and out. She actually
was making me feel good. After a very short time, she stopped, and
started to cum. I guess she did not know how to control a male orgasm.

I asked (begged is more like it) her to not stop. I wanted more cock.

Cheryl's turn.

Wow, it sure is easy to cum with a penis! The orgasm sure is a lot
different. It is far more intense, but for a shorter period of time.
I'll have to try and see if I can delay the buildup, and see if I enjoy
it more. I do think it is funny that Bill is the one to come up dry in
the sexual arena, and I got "off". What a turn around that is! This may
be ok.

Thinking back to the past (and to something I had always hated), I
pinched Bill's ass and told him to get dressed. I got up and went to the
bathroom to wash up. This was kind of neat - I got the pleasure, and
Bill is high and dry.

Bill's turn.

I've got to figure out a way to stop this shit now. Cheryl is going to
turn into a monster with this dick shit. Cheryl is my wife, and she is
responsible for my pleasure. It is not the other way around. I've got to
get her back under control.

Cheryl's turn.

I don't know if it is the male hormones, or what. I have an incredibly
high sex drive. I see Bill's body, and my penis just jumps up to
attention! I ended up screwing Bill seven times that day. And, I got an
orgasm every time!

Bill's turn.

I've got to figure out a way to turn Cheryl off! All she wants to do is
fuck me. That big dick pounding in and out of my pussy has actually
rubbed me raw. My pussy actually hurts!

After the seventh time, I tried to sit Cheryl down, and discuss our
relationship. I pointed out to her that even though I had a female body,
and she had a male body, I was still the man of the house, and that she
was still the woman. I was the boss, and she had better remember it.

Cheryl's turn.

I don't understand where Bill is coming from. His attitude is really
bad. Instead of trying to reconcile what has happened to us, and figure
out what we are going to do next, he is trying to pull some sort of
macho act. I really want to work with him, and go on from here.

The best way of getting him under control may be to show him just how
"correct" he is! I'll show him about the roles of men and woman! I'll
treat him just like he always wanted to treat me. Heck, just about
everything we own is in his name anyway, so I should be able to bring
him in line very quickly. Afterall, what would he do on his own, as a
woman? I don't even think he could do my job. He would be fired in a
week.

I am not doing this as a form of power trip. I like being a woman, and
probably want to change back as badly as Bill does. However, I am not as
scared of what happened as Bill seems to be. Maybe it is dawning on him
that the way he treated me in the past was wrong, and he is scared that
I will treat him the same way now. I think I will for a while!

Bill's turn.

What a bitch Cheryl has turned into. Give a broad a dick, and they think
that they run the world. She does have my balls in a vise right now
though. I am going to have to cooperate with her for the time being, at
least until I can figure out how to turn this situation around.

Cheryl's turn.

Despite repeated attempts to get in contact with the old lady, we have
been unable to. Day to day life as a man has been pretty enjoyable. I
enjoy this incredible sex drive, and Bill certainly is a cute woman.
Bill complains that I am wearing out his vagina, but I hardly think so.
Heck, when I complained in the past, he always ignored me, so who cares
what he thinks.

It is amazing the attention and respect I get around the hotel. Most the
management staff had been quite patronizing to me as a woman. I get far
more respect now.

After four days, I decided that we had to return home. Bill did not want
to give up on the old lady yet, but I convinced him that we needed to
give it a rest for now, and approach the lady at a later time. Maybe in
a month I suggested.

Bill's turn.

I want to stay here as long as it takes to get the old lady to change us
back. I strongly disagree with Cheryl that we should let it rest for a
while. For that matter, I don't want Cheryl and I to be in the wrong
bodies for a month. Yet, I have to go along with her suggestion. With my
body, she could cut me off completely, and then I would really be in
trouble.

I have tried on most of Cheryl's clothes, and they just don't fit.
Nothing fits on top at all. (After all, she wore a b cup bra) Even the
outfits that she had bought for me were tight. Why did I wish for her to
have big tits? I could squeeze into one of my old bras, but they made my
boobs look even bigger, and the tightness hurt. Her old panties were
very tight, and were kind of painful. Cheryl decided that I needed a
whole new wardrobe, one that she would pick out for me.

Cheryl's turn.

What the heck, if I am going to walk around as a man, I want a good
looking woman walking with me. Bill and I went shopping. Bill had always
wanted me to dress in a more suggestive manner. He can dress like that
now, and see how it feels.

Our first stop was for some lingerie. I could imagine how much he was
suffering with those tight undergarments. He wanted a support type bra.
We settled on an underwire demi cup bra, that barely covered his
nipples. I didn't want to see panty lines on him, so we settled on thong
bikinis! I surprised him by getting him some garter belts. I always
personally thought that they were impractical, but Bill had always
wanted me to wear them. Now he can!

I don't really understand why he wanted my legs modified to always have
to wear high heels. Now of course, he has to. We tried on lots of pairs,
and even a three inch heel was a little painful. Nonetheless, we settled
on 3 and 3 1/2 inch heels.

Now for the dresses. I refused to entertain any thoughts of slacks,
shorts, or jeans. If he wanted feminine, then feminine was what he was
going to get. Every dress I picked out for him showed lots of cleavage,
and hugged his butt, leaving little to the imagination. Like always, my
out of control penis hardened at will, everytime he modeled some sexy
outfit. I was going to have to screw him when we got back to the hotel.

My favorite outfit for Bill was a tight spandex mini dress, that barely
covered his stocking tops. I mean, I wouldn't be caught dead in an
outfit like that, but it was neat to realize the torment that he would
be going through in a dress like that. This dress clung to every curve,
and was made of a shiny spandex material. I bought him three of these
dresses, one in black, one in red, and one in gold. I had him wear the
red one out of the store.

The walk back to the hotel was fun. I knew that Bill was suffering, what
with the high heels, and the fact that he was displaying his charms
openly, to the appreciative glances of lots of guys.

Bill's turn.

I realize that Cheryl is just getting her jollies putting me through
this. I had often asked her to dress like this, so I guess this is turn
about. But, she was a woman. This shouldn't have bothered her. It
bothers me alot. Hopefully, if I indulge her for a little while, then
she will concentrate on getting us turned back into our original selves.

We got back to the hotel, and Cheryl wanted to fuck again. I guess I
should understand the male sex drive, but the recipient of the drive was
me! My pussy was starting to hurt from all the repeated fucking. Why did
she have to wish for a bigger dick?

One Week later.
Cheryl's turn.

I've had this male body for almost two weeks now. I kind of like being a
guy. The sex is a lot better, although very different. Bill is great for
fucking, what with his big boobs and nice round butt. I can appreciate
his whining for sexual release, but usually, I can cum so much faster
than he can. Heck, let him suffer like I used to.

I like working at the bar a lot better than my old job. It is neat being
the boss. I am sure I made a number of mistakes (doing things different
than Bill used to), but for the most part, I am as accepted as Bill I am
sure. I had always thought that Bill was probably screwing around on me,
but I never realized the extent. It is amazing the number of girls who
wish to screw around, just to get ahead!

I kind of like having Bill as a housewife! He cooks, cleans, and does
laundry far better than I expected. He seems to have taken to the role
pretty well! I had him quit my old job. I didn't think he could do the
job, plus, I wanted him to be a housewife. My old boss took the news
pretty hard, but did promise to hire me back if I ever needed a job.

Bill's turn.

This housewife shit sucks! Wash the clothes, clean the house, cook the
dinner - every day. I had always wanted Cheryl to be a housewife, but
she always said that she didn't want to. Suddenly, it's ok for me to do
it. I am trying hard to indulge Cheryl, hoping that we will make it back
to the old lady soon.

I hate grocery shopping, but somehow that is now expected of me. I can't
lift bags like I used to. They seem so heavy, now that I have this
weakened female body. I can't carry more than one at a time either,
because my tits get in the way.

It is difficult to get used to these tits. If I go braless, they jiggle
and bounce all over. When I wear a bra, the bouncing stops, but it is
almost like they enter every room before I do. Two big tits that
protrude from my chest.

This morning after Cheryl left for work, I took a shower. As I was
washing my tits, I noticed that instead of being soft all over, I had a
large, hard lump in each tit. I wondered why, and decided to ask Cheryl
when she came home.

Cheryl came home that night, and I asked her about my tits. She opened
my blouse and started to fondle me. I could see from her hard on, that
she was getting turned on - oh no, not getting fucked again. She laughed
as she felt my tits. She told me to take off my panties. I told her that
I did not want to fuck in the kitchen. She laughed again, and told me
that she did not want to fuck me, she wanted to see my panties. I
lowered my panties, and saw what she was looking for - blood spots! I
was having her period! Me with PMS! God this sucked. Cheryl showed me
where she had kept her Kotex and stuff. I put a pad in my panties,
following the directions on the plastic bag. Imagine, me on the rag,
putting a pad in my panties, and "securely fastening the wings" to the
outside of my panties. How embarrassing.

Cheryl's turn.

Bill having a period! How cute. Maybe I won't hear the "on the rag"
comments anymore. Look at the bright side, at least he is not pregnant!
I will have to make sure he takes my birth control pills - after all, we
sure do screw around alot.

What am I going to do for sex for the next few days? These male hormones
are something else. I am horny almost all the time. Maybe I'll take
Bill's other hole! That's something he always wanted to do to me.

Bill's turn.

This on the rag shit sucks. I thought back to the pain that Cheryl had
suffered with her periods, and realized that I was sorry that I had
ignored her. It hurts worse than I thought possible. I could actually
feel the blood flowing out of my body. Looking at the pad, I could
actually notice blood clots. I felt every lump. My tits got super
sensitive. Every touch hurt, and with the size of my tits, they touched
a lot of things. I wasn't sure if it was possible for my tits to get
bigger, but my bra was real tight.

By the afternoon of the third day, I was totally miserable. I just
mopped around the house, suffering in silence. The doorbell rang, and I
went to the door. The man at the door was delivering flowers for me.
Cheryl had sent flowers. At first I was pissed at her. Sending flowers
was something a man did for a woman. But, I quickly got over that
feeling. It was awful nice of Cheryl to think about me, particularly as
badly as I felt. I decided to cook her a special dinner in appreciation.

One year later.

Cheryl's turn.

I am quite comfortable in this male body. I think back from time to time
to my life as a woman, but mostly in wonder how I could have put up with
being a broad. I like the power that men have over women. I like having
a wife waiting on me. I understand, and fully appreciate the fact that
Bill had kept everything in his name. What the heck, give a woman
financial freedom, and she might leave you.

I am glad that Bill wished all those horrible things on me. I love
having a wife to show off that looks like he does. Those big tits are
great, and I love pinching his ass. His legs look especially nice in
heels!

I don't think he likes me fucking him all the time, but who really cares
about his feelings? My dick needs relief. Sure I'll take the time once
in a while to get him off too, but what woman needs an orgasm all the
time anyway? Heck it takes too long to get broads off anyway. Why waste
my time?

Bill's turn.

I understand why Cheryl never wanted kids. Being six months pregnant is
no joy. It is impossible to get up and down. It's painful to walk, but
too much work to get up after sitting down. My boobs have gotten even
bigger, and are quite sensitive and tender. It seems like I have to pee
all the time, but the doctor tells me that that is normal. NOTHING I do
is normal!

The only good thing about being pregnant is that Cheryl doesn't want to
screw me all the time. I am sure she is playing around with some of the
tramps at the office, but she denies it. Going to an OB/GYN doctor is
quite an experience for me. I feel so vulnerable in the stirrups, and
particularly embarrassed. After all, that is such a female thing.

The doctor examined my breasts, and told me that they should be able to
provide much more milk than the baby will need. He recommended a breast
pump to remove the milk, and decrease some of my pain. It's bad enough
imagining myself pregnant, let alone imagining myself breast feeding
some kid (not some kid, my kid).

Cheryl and I had talked about having kids. I had always wanted a lot of
them. I never thought that I would actually be having them.

I am real worried about the effects of pregnancy. I guess the female
hormones are making me vain, but I don't want stretch marks. I don't
want my boobs to become real saggy. I know that Cheryl is real proud of
me in a bikini, particularly at the beach, or at a party. I don't want
to lose her pride.

Five years later.

Cheryl's turn.

I think that the both of us have adjusted well to the body switch. Who
would have dreamed a long time ago how our lives would have turned out?
And to think, it all started with Bill wanting to have "fun" with me? I
have become quite comfortable in the male role. Running a titty bar is
great. Surrounded by beautiful babes all the time, most of whom are
quite willing to service me. And I use every opportunity!

Bill seems to have gotten comfortable with his new role too. He works
hard at keeping his body tight, and the effects of five kids doesn't
seem to have taken too big a toll on him. He seems to be a pretty good
mom, which is good, because I wouldn't want to take care of five kids
all the time, what with changing diapers, cleaning up after them, etc.
His tits looked pretty good too, engorged with milk. It was quite a turn
on for me, watching Bill nurse the kids!

Bill's turn.

I've pretty much resigned myself to being a woman for the rest of my
life. I miss the life of being a man, but can't really do much to change
what is. I try hard to be a good wife and mother, and think that I am
succeeding.

I had always thought being a housewife was easy, but no longer believe
it at all. Taking care of and raising five kids is a lot of work. Taking
care of the kids while being pregnant is really difficult. I have told
Cheryl that I don't want to have any more kids, and I hope that she
concurs.

Since having the last one, I have tried to get my body back in shape,
and seem to be having some success. The effects of pregnancy and age
have taken there toll on my body however. Wearing bras has become rather
painful. My breasts sag so much more now than when I first got them, and
the straps dig into my shoulders. I have switched to custom built
bustiers in lieu of bras, and the support they give is welcome.

My butt droops a lot. I don't know what is weirder, shopping for a
girdle to lift my butt, or the fact that I would even care about how my
rear end looks. I have found a girdle that is really uncomfortable, but
it does make my butt look great.

Sex doesn't interest me as much as it did in the past. I rarely get
screwed to orgasm, and I have pretty much come to accept that. Every
once in a while, I masturbate myself, and it is pleasurable. Cheryl
wants sex very often, and I do what I can to please her. I have mixed
feelings about her pleasure. I understand her new drive for sex. Those
male hormones must work overtime! At the same time, I do think that I
should bring pleasure to her. That is afterall, one of the roles of
women. Finally, I do what I can to get her "off" as quickly as possible,
mostly so that she will stop. That is one of the best parts of being a
woman - you merely have to lay back to participate in sex!
