Archive-name: Bondage/voyeur.txt
Archive-author: Master Chris  9
Archive-title: Watching the Maid


     You are sitting at your desk working on a lazy Friday
afternoon when your phone rings, "High", you hear me say, "Are
you ready for an adventure?"  Your heart skips a beat.  Every
'adventure' that you have been invited on has been an experience
beyond the ordinary and you are at once nervous and excited about
what is about to happen.  "Yes", you say in your little-girl
voice.  You can almost hear me smile at the other end of the
phone.  Prepare yourself and I'll pick you up at your apartment
at 7pm.  I hang up the phone and you are left, wondering at what
you are preparing yourself for.  You notice that you have become
almost instantly wet and you squirm at the sensation.  The
minutes between the call and the end of the working day drag on
for ages.  As soon as work is over, you rush home.  As soon as
you arrive, you draw a hot bath and take off your clothes.  You
soak yourself luxuriously, making sure to wash yourself
everywhere.  You are so aroused by now that you are dying to
masturbate but you know that it is strictly forbidden.  You
resist the temptation to play with yourself as your washcloth
slides over your shaved pussy lips.  You take a razor and
carefully remove any trace of stubble on your sensitive pussy.
It does not take too long and you are ready.  You open your
closet and select a pretty white dress.  You do not put on either
panties or bra as these garments are not permitted when you are
preparing yourself.  You do your hair and makeup and then you
look at yourself in the mirror.  The dress is not really see-
through but it is flimsy enough that your dark brown nipples are
definitely visible through the thin fabric.  You are glad that
your pussy is shaved as a dark haired pussy would also be
instantly visible through the light sun dress.  You sit down on
the corner of the bed and wait patiently.  The wait is not long
before the doorbell rings.  You meet me downstairs and before
entering the car you raise your skirt to show that you are not
wearing underwear.  This simple act of submission is scary.  You
are nervous that someone might see you actually exposing
yourself.  You keep your skirt raised until I give you
permission to lower it.  By the time you are sitting in the car,
you are flushed hot and wet.  You are very curious about where we
are going but you know better than to ask.  The drive is not
particularly long and when we arrive it is to the entrance to a
huge home, a veritable mansion.  We are greeted by a tall, dark
butler who is very handsome.  He leads us up the stairs, along a
corridor and into a darkened room.  The door shuts behind us,
leaving just the two of us alone.  "Take off your dress.", I say.
You pull the dress over your head leaving you naked.   I guide
you over to a leather chair that looks a little like what you
might expect at a hair-stylist.  You sit in the chair and watch
as I pull stirrups out of the arms and fit your feet into them.
Straps attach your ankles to the metal stirrups and your feet are
adjusted wide apart.  Your hands are tied together and attached
behind the head rest of the chair.  Thin leather straps pull your
knees even wider apart thus completely exposing you.  You are
now completely helpless.  The chair is facing a curtained wall
and you watch as I move over to the side of the room and lower
the lights.  The curtain moves to the side and you see that you
are now looking at a large window into another room.  It is a
study of sorts, the walls covered in books.  The decor is sparse
but tasteful.  Black leather chairs and sofas are off to one side
and a large forbidding desk is off to the other.  A man and a
woman, both in their mid-30s, both extremely attractive are
sitting on two of the leather chairs in the room.  You realize
that what you must be looking through is one-way glass.  You are
about to observe something that the participants will not know
you are watching!  Your pussy starts to get even wetter as your
imagination begins to run wild.  You do not have long to wait.
The far door to the study opens and a young girl, perhaps 17 or
18 years old enters.  She immediately presents herself in front
of the older couple.  She is wearing a pretty little black and
white maids uniform on her petite body.  She is blond, with
short curly hair and her legs seem very long in the short uniform
skirt.  The sound from the room comes through a speaker in the
wall.  "Denise you have been very displeasing.", says the man.
"I am sorry, Sir.", says the maid bowing her head. "I will try to
do better."  "No Denise, you are going to have to live with the
consequences of your behavior.", says the older woman, "You are
going to be punished for your poor performance."  Denise's eyes
open wide.  "Oh please don't", she pleads, "Please....?"  The
pleading falls on deaf ears, however.  The older woman stands up
and comes over to the maid.  "Turn around Denise.", she says.
The maid slowly, hesitantly turns to face away from them.  You
imagine yourself in the room, what it would feel like to be
facing away from this couple, not able to see what they will do
to you next.  The thought sends a shiver down your spine.  The
older woman reaches down and grasps the hem of the maids uniform.
With one motion, she pulls it up over the head of the young girl
and off of her.  She is left now, only in her panties and bra.
The brazier is next and the older woman quickly unhooks it and
pulls it off.  Now she grasps the waistband of the white cotton
panties which are the last defense of the young maid.  You can
hear the teenager whimpering as the skimpy garment is slowly,
gently slid down her long tanned legs.  Now naked, Denise is
instructed to clasp her hands on top of her head and keep them
there.  The older couple leaves her there for a couple of minutes
letting the anticipation build.  Yours is building also.  Now the
man stands up and takes Denise's hands and ties them behind her.
Her right wrist is tied to her left elbow and her left wrist is
tied to her right elbow.  It is a position you know well.  It
leaves your breasts, pussy and ass completely exposed and
helpless for whatever your master or mistress wish to do to you.
Denise is now turned around and you see her front for the first
time.  She is beautiful.  Her breasts are firm and trim but
topped with very long brown nipples almost like your own.  Her
body is long and lean, like a gymnasts and her pussy is also
shaved completely bare.  You watch as the older woman approaches
the maid holding a couple of nipple clips.  As they are attached
you feel me reach around to attach two clips to your own nipples.
You and Denise moan with one voice as the metal clips fasten onto
your sensitive breasts.  Denise is now led over to a straight
backed chair and the older woman pulls her over her knee.  You
know that the young submissive is in for a bare-bottomed spanking
and you are very hot knowing that you will be able to see it.
The woman is not in a hurry to begin the punishment, however.
She orders the girl to spread her legs wide apart and you see her
begin to caress the teenager from behind.  You feel the chair
beneath you begin to shift and you are startled by the movement.
The seat under you slowly spreads apart into two halves.  The now
warm leather pulls your buttocks with it thus holding your anus
and pussy completely open.  You feel something cool and hard
touch your ass and my hand moves beneath you to adjust it so it
is touching the center of your anus.  The hard, lubricated dildo
slides slowly but relentlessly up into your bottom.  You gasp at
the sensation, you are, of course, helpless to do anything about
it as the unyielding intruder slides further and further up into
your body.  You are breathing in short ragged breaths and your
whole body is trembling by the time the anal dildo stops moving
upward.  You are fully impaled by it.  Your ass is stretched
uncomfortably wide and you are filled totally.  You look ahead to
see that Denise has suffered much the same fate.  Her bottom now
has the end of a plastic butt plug sticking from it.  Her
paddling is about to start and you watch as the leather covered
paddle descends on her helpless white buttocks.  The sharp crack
of it sounds again and again as she is spanked.  The anal dildo
in your rear now start to move slowly in and out in long full
strokes.  You gasp at every insertion.  Denise's bottom is red
before she is allowed to stand and as she does so you see me move
to in front of you again.  I attach 2 clips to your pussy and you
feel them pulling your pussy open to expose the pink interior.
Denise is now being placed on her back on the large table in the
room.  Her nipple clips are being played with by the older man
as the woman ties her with her knees wide apart.  You feel a
thick vibrator being slid into your soaking pussy as Denise
suffers the same fate.  Your moans and cries are almost identical
to those coming from the other room as Denise's vibrator fills
her up and then turns on.  The humming in your own pussy is
bringing you close to an orgasm and I quickly reach down to shut
it off.  "Not yet.", I whisper.  You squirm in frustration,
pulling at your bonds desperate to touch yourself.  The dildo in
your bottom continues to move and you push yourself down on it
trying to get it deeper into you.  The woman in the other room
has now picked up a crop and is stroking the young slave's inner
thighs with it.  "Please no... Please don't whip my little
pussy.", pleads the petite maid.  The older woman just smiles.
The first stroke of the crop on her pussy is quick and is quickly
followed by several more.  You watch as the crop strikes all over
the sensitive flesh.  You know exactly how she is feeling and you
moan again in frustration as you feel your own juices trickling
down your thighs.  The crop is now aimed at Denise's sensitive
anus and you see it strike at and around the butt plug there.
Denise is straining at her bonds as the crop strikes.  You know
that vibrator or not you are soon going to come and just then the
vibrator starts again.  It moves swiftly in and out of you and
you feel your toes curl as your feet pull against the stirrups.
Denise cries out as her orgasm hits her.  The sound of her cries
sets you off and you cry out yourself as wave after wave of
orgasm wracks your body.  You pull at your bonds with the
familiar feeling of helplessness as your hands pull into little
fists and you squirm back and forth.  You let yourself go totally
into the orgasm, feeling your stomach and thighs spasm again and
again.  Finally the vibrator is removed and as though from far
away, you feel the anal dildo slide out and my fingers remove the
nipple and pussy clips from you.  You are almost in a dream state
as you feel me lean down until my lips are touching your ear.
"Soon you will be punished together.", You hear me say and you
drift off to sleep with a contented smile on your face knowing
there is more to come.

--
