BULLETIN
Msg # 2
Date: Tue  8-18-92,  5:34 pm
From: DR. RIPCO
Read: 555 times

     To: All
Subject: TRW Masterfile Info


This is beginning to turn into a real mess so those who seek the truth,
you've come to the right spot.

I was informed a couple weeks ago that an article appeared in a newsletter
called "Privacy Times" where this system was mentioned within it. The
articles focus appears to be on a "how-to" manual written for penetrating
TRW's database.

The second paragraph of it reads as follows:

       Entitled "TRW Masterfile," the manual was published recently on the
       "Ripco" bulletin board by two authors who identify themselves as
       "Citizen-One" and "Evil Priest." One author claimed to have worked
       in TRW customer service for two months, and bragged that his manual
       was the best hackers' guide ever produced to a system that "tells
       you practically every bit of information you could possibly need to
       know about a member in society."


This matter is an error.

The file discussed within the article was never published here, although I'm
not sure how one would consider making a file available for the general
public to download as "publishing".

Reguardless of the use of words, the file was never available here in any
shape or form. The system has been checked throughly including the
possibility that the file itself became part of another one and was given a
different name. It was NEVER placed anywhere on the system either in public
or private.

My records show one user by the name of "Evile Priest" who called once in
January of 1992 and another by the name of "Citizen-0ne" who called five
times in April of 1992. It would appear both are probably the same as the
authors mentioned although there is no solid proof of this.

In late April the user known as Citizen-0ne did upload a file called
"TRW_MAST.TXT" which appears to be the same file mentioned in the Privacy
Times story.

This file was deleted from the system based on the self-imposed guidelines I
operate under since the Operation Sundevil episode. I am not making a
commentary of the contents of the file itself, just that it's overall worth
would not be in the best interest of the system.

My logs of the activity on here also show this file was never downloaded.
Besides the upload no further records of the file being here exist.

This article has now appeared to spread a bit more, I was informed today
that another publication called "Computer World" (8/17/92) has nearly the
same paragraph in it also mentioning this system as "recently publishing"
the file in question.

I want to go on record now before this snowballs into something I'd rather
not deal with that:

1) Ripco has never had the TRW Masterfile available in any shape or form.

2) The authors although mentioning this system as a place to contact them
   were never what I would consider "regular users" of the system.

3) I or the system have never condoned, sanctioned or authorized anyone to
   use the system's name in the writing of the file or gave permission for
   anyone to use the system as a contact point for and about the file.

In my opinion the authors of both articles failed to check the facts.

                                               Dr. Ripco
