Karen's Lesson


Gary and Martha McKay were proud of their daughter Karen but were
concerned about her new attitude. Karen was a 19 year old Sophomore at St.
Mary's College in South Bend, Indiana. As the valedictorian of the class
of 1962 at Mercy High School and  freshman honors student, Karen had been
selected to spend the summer of 1963 in Paris with the St. Mary's exchange
program. As a result Karen had not been at home for an more than a week
for over a year. As can be expected Karen had grown up a lot in that time.
This was apparent both in the way she acted and the way she looked. Since
visiting Paris Karen had taken to wearing tailored skirts and nylon
stockings. This was quite a change from the cute cheerleader who had never
worn anything other than plaid skirts and knee socks before.  With her
auburn hair and green eyes Karen was quite stunning in her new outfits.

Of a greater concern to Gary and Martha was the way that Karen's
personality had changed. Karen now seemed to think she was better than
other people and had acquired a very smart mouth. Karen was specially
tough on her 15 year old sister Gail who worshipped her big sister. In the
2 weeks since Karen had returned she had brought Gail to tears a number of
times by ignoring her and acting like it was a pain to spend any time with
Gail. The two girls had always been very close and Martha was sure that
this was only a stage that Karen was going through as she tested her
independence. Still it was very tough on Gail to be treated this way. 

The situation had come to a head on Sunday when Gail had asked Karen to
barrow a pair of her french stockings to wear to church.  Karen had told
her no and then went on to say that little girls like Gail were just
babies and should not try to act like women. Gail reacted very badly to
this and calling her sister a bitch threw a bottle of perfume at Karen. 
Martha heard Gail's scream and the breaking of the bottle.  Although
Martha  knew that Karen had probably provoked Gail, such behavior was not
tolerated in the McKay household.  Martha reached in the drawer of the
bathroom vanity and pulled out her hairbrush.  As soon as she saw this,
Gail started sobbing "no mommy no, it was an accident, I didn't mean it". 
Martha grabbed Gail's wrist and pulled her into the hall and started
towards the girls bedroom.  As she pulled Gail into the room Martha
stopped and called down the hall to Gary, who she knew would be looking at
his watch not wanting to be late for church, "Honey you and Karen go to
the 9:30 Mass.  I have to attend to a young lady's bottom right now. We
will go to 11:00."

	Martha had already given Gail her traditional panty warming and
had just turned them inside out at mid-thigh when Karen walked into the
room saying she wanted to take her other purse.  As she picked up her
hairbrush Martha suspected that this was just an attempt to further
humiliate Gail and told Karen to hurry up and get out.  With the first
smack of the brush Gail started to wail and plead with her mother to stop.
 This was what Karen wanted to hear and as she walked out of the room she
said, "Listen to the little baby."  Martha looked up an said, "Karen, I
seem to remember many times that you were in the same position when you
were Gail's age.  If you don't watch it young lady you could end up back
over my knee. Now get out of here."  Karen quickly closed the door and
stood there listening as the resounding SMACK! SMACK! SMACK! of the
hairbrush on her sisters bare bottom rang out.  She stayed there until her
father yelled out, "Karen I don't want to be late. Lets go."

	That Sunday afternoon was not a very pleasant one as Karen took
every chance she got to tease Gail.  Things had settled down some what by
Wednesday when both of the girls grandparents came over for dinner.  Mercy
High's JV football team had their first game of the year that evening so
Gail was wearing her cheerleaders outfit.  Karen on the other hand had a
dark red wool skirt, white hose and heals.  As they were sitting down to
an early dinner everyone was shocked to hear Karen say, "Gail I think that
juvenile outfit is totally inappropriate to wear at the dinner table.  No
one would think of wearing something like that in France."  With that Gail
blushed deeply and ran from the dining room with tears running down her
face.  Gary immediately stood up and said "Karen! I don't know what's
gotten in to you. You always used to wear you cheerleaders outfit to
dinner when you had a game to go to.  You have been horrible to your
sister these last 2 weeks. You go apologize to her right now."  Karen did
not want to back down in front of her Grandparents and blurted out.  "Oh,
Father I am not going to apologize to that little baby."  Gary said "I'm
warning you young lady you go an tell Gail your sorry right now".  "That
is stupid Daddy. In France they know how to do things with some style. We
could use some class in this dull American house."


That was to much for Gary.  As a Korean War veteran and proud autoworker
he did not need to hear about French style.  "Who are you calling stupid
young lady?  You seem to have done pretty well in this dull American
house."  Gary walked across the dining room and grabbed Karen's wrist with
one had and pulled out one of the straight backed dining room chairs with
the other.  Gary said, "Let's see who is stupid young lady" as he pulled
the 19 year old across his lap. Karen tried to pull away and said "you
can't be serious".  Her father replied "You bet I'm serious young lady" as
he proceeded to position her squarely over his knee.  Although Martha
attended to most of the discipline sessions in the McKay home Gary was
hardly inexperience in dealing with sassy young ladies.  He quickly
grabbed Karen's right arm with his left hand and placed it in the small of
her back. He then reached down and lifted up the red skirt and white slip
which he proceeded to tuck under her arm in the center of her back.  This
exposed a very fancy set of matching white panties and a garter belt with
pink lace flowers on the tabs.  By now Karen was hysterically screaming,
"No you can't do this.  I'm to old for this . No".

	Both of Karen's Grandfathers who had witnessed the whole scene
silently agreed that this was one young lady who was about to get what she
deserved.  A few seconds later Martha and both Grandmothers came in from
the kitchen to see what was happening.  Martha sized up the situation and
said "Gary, your mother, Mom and I have been talking about this young
ladies attitude lately and we all agreed that a little over the knee
lesson might be what she needs. Go ahead and give it to her good."  With
that Gary began administering crisp smacks to Karen's up turned seat.  In
the McKay house spankings were soundly applied and after about 2 minutes
and 60 smacks the Karen's panties were beginning to get very warm.  Karen
had gone from a haughty young woman to a sorry young lady who realized she
had gone to far.  Gary proceeded to take a breath and looked up to see
Gail, who had come down from her bedroom when she first heard the familiar
sounds coming form the dining room.  Gary smiled at her and said, "Gail
would you do me a favor and get your mother's hairbrush from the
bathroom?"  Gary was happy to see Gail smile as she ran down the hall.

	"No, Daddy please. I'm sorry. Please not the brush." was Karen's
immediate reaction. With this Gary reached down and undid the tabs on
Karen's stockings and inserted his right fingers  into the waist band of
his repentant daughters fancy french panties. This brought an even louder
response as Karen begged "Not on the bare! Please! Please! Not with
everyone here."  All of the grandparents  present chuckled as they
remembered hearing such pleadings from other young ladies in the past. 
Martha blushed as her father looked a her and said "You know I think I
have heard that somewhere before."  As Gail arrived back in the dining
room with the oval rosewood hairbrush that had been so effectively used on
her 3 days earlier, Gary turned the lacy panties down to the top of
Karen's stockings.  He then applied 20 or 30 solid hand spanks to Karen's
rapidly reddening bottom.  As he did this he said, "You will not be
wearing these again young lady.  No daughter of mine is going to dress
like a slut. When this is over I want you to take any more of these things
that you bought in France and give them to your mother.  She will keep
them here until you get married.  Do you understand young lady?" "Yes
Daddy, Yes. I'm sorry Daddy. OH, OW I've had enough."

	Gary stopped and said, "Gail honey, please give me the brush."
This brought an other round of "Please daddy. No daddy." from the penitent
young woman over his lap. But Gary would have none of it. Karen needed to
be taught a good lesson and he was determined to do it. 
For the next couple of minutes a steady cadence of the SPLAT! SPLAT!
THWACK! SMACK! of the hairbrush meeting Karen's bare bottom every couple
of seconds resounded through the McKay household. By this time Karen had
stopped all struggles and was sobbing over her fathers disciplinary knee.
Gary looked at his daughters deep red bottom and said, "Karen I hope you
have learned a lesson from this." "Oh,  yes daddy yes. Please stop, Please
stop." was all she could say.  "I want you to apologize to your
grandparents and  for the way you acted tonight." "Grandpa and Grandma
McKay and Grandpa and Grandma Olinsky I'm so sorry for acting like I did
tonight. I'm so sorry." "I also want you to promise you mother and me that
you will shape up." "Oh, I will Daddy. I will. I'm sorry Mamma, I'll be
good." "Well young lady if I don't see some serious attitude adjustment
over the next week, we will have to reassess whether you are mature enough
to go back to school," said Martha. " Oh. please Mamma, I'll be good.
Please. I just have to go back. Please." "Well we will see young lady"
"Finally, I want you to say your sorry to Gail. You have been terrible to
her ever since you got back." "Oh, Gail, I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Please
forgive me."

	Gary then proceeded to apply 20 sound hand spanks to the base of
Karen's bottom, making the repentant girl count each one outloud.  When he
finished he helped the sobbing girl into her mothers arms who then walked
her down to the bedroom.  Later that evening after the football game, Gail
quietly tiptoed into the bedroom not wanting to wake Karen up.  As she
changed into her pajamas she heard Karen say. "Oh Gail I'm so sorry for
the way I have treated you these last weeks. Please forgive me. I love you
so much. Please forgive me." Gail looked across the room to where her
sister was laying in her bed on her stomach. "Karen, I love you to." was
all Gail could say as she ran across the room and hugged her sister. The
two girls held each other and weeped for a good 15 minutes. When Martha
looked in on the two girls later she was very surprised but happy to see
Gail rubbing cold cream into Karen's blistered bottom.                  
