Kevin's Story
Chapter 1


It was nearing 6:30 when Kevin Nielsen heard the Jeep Wagoneer pull
into the garage adjoining the kitchen.  Moments later, the door
between the two opened, and Heather, his mom, lurched through with
a bag of groceries in each arm.  

Kevin jumped down off the high stool he'd been on saying "Here, Mom,
let me help with that."  He grabbed one of the bags, then leaned in
dutifully for her kiss on his cheek.

"Thanks, sport," Heather said.  "Mmmm, smells good.  What's
cooking?"

"Ragu, again," he said wrinkling his forehead in a frown.  "I wish
you'd teach me more stuff to make so I could have a bigger rep-
repa- repatore."

"Repertoire," she corrected, as she began putting the groceries
away, "nice try though.  Listen, Kev, I don't mind simple stuff. 
I'm thrilled that you take it upon yourself to make anything. 
Honestly, you don't have to, I can still cook, you know."

"I know," the youth said, "and some nights, like when I have
practice, I have to let you.  But you work so hard, double shifts
sometimes, that I just want to help."

"You help more than is healthy for a 14-year-old," she said, "you
should be out to all hours with your friends, making me mad, instead
of hanging out with your old Mom."

"Oh, Mom, 34's not old.  Just well-seasoned."

"I'll 'well-season' you, you little squirt," she laughed aiming a
playful smack at his head.  Then she let her hand linger on his
tousled brown hair, his father's hair.  Jack had been gone six years
now this coming January.  It wasn't fair to the kid to have to grow
up like this.  It had been extremely tough on both of them to lose
him so suddenly - another victim of a drunk driver.  To the world
he was just an old statistic now, but Heather and Kevin still felt
the void.  She smothered Kevin in a hug.

"Hey, I've got to stir this sauce," he called out, muffled in her
bosom.

"Okay," she said absently, then left to clean up for supper.

Kevin watched as his mother left the kitchen.  Her nurse's uniform 
was still crisp and white as when she left that morning.  He loved
her uniform, the white shoes, the white hose climbing those great
legs up to that nice looking... Kevin shook his head abruptly.  He
couldn't believe he was sitting here analyzing his Mom's body the
same way he and his friends analyzed their teachers and the girls. 
And yet, didn't most of his discomfort at being hugged stem from
being smothered between two large breasts?  They certainly were
bigger than any other... he shook his head again.  "Concentrate on
dinner," he told himself.

Upstairs, Heather was changing out of her work clothes into the
sweats she usually wore around the house.  As always, she stood in
front of the full length mirror as she stripped.  She was in no way
narcissistic, but derived pleasure from the clothes on her body
rather than her body itself.

To all outward appearances, she looked like an everyday nurse,
except for a few details.  Like the high heels she wore to work,
despite the fact that all other nurses in her unit had long since
switched to the more comfortable sneakers.  Or the old navy blue
cardigan which had been Jack's.  But these were minor compared to
what was underneath.

The cardigan lay on the bed, the dress in a pool about her feet, and
Heather gazed into the mirror at what remained.  The high heels did
give way to the hose Kevin had admired, but they were not the panty
hose anyone would expect, but real stockings, climbing from her
tapered ankles to the middle of her creamy white thighs, held in
place by a lacy white garter belt.  Her panties were all of lace as
well, save for the crotch, and Heather could clearly see the dark
black of her pubic hair through the lace.  Above her waist, the silk
chemise hung from thin shoulder straps, caressing her chest and 
stomach.  Sensuously she lifted this over her head to reveal the bra
beneath.  Although this too was lacy, it was nowhere near as
attractive as the other pieces.  This is because most sexy bras were
made to fit women with figures slightly less endowed than Heather's
40-28-38.  Her sexiest bras were half-cups, which just would not do
for daily work wear. 

Heather's fascination for sexy undergarments grew out of her teen-
age desire to appear more feminine.  It had been this penchant
toward femininity which had attracted Jack to her in an age when
most women were trying to out-man the men.  He had introduced her
to the world of sexy negligees, naughty and nice underthings,
peignoirs, camisoles, teddies, body stockings, garter belts and
everything.  It was the only thing about their sexual relationship
which had been more than pedestrian.  She would model sexy things
for him, they would flirt and tease each other, but it always ended
the same, Jack on top, grunting, rolling over, snuggling a bit, then
falling asleep.  

It was not as bad as it sounded, he was a wonderful man, but his
sexual imagination began and ended at lingerie.  In the time since
his death, Heather had tried to have relationships with other men,
who also appreciated her taste in underwear.  But of the few she
took to bed, none was ever interested in more than his own pleasure. 
She stopped dating, and began to believe that all the wonderful
things she'd heard about sex were mere myth.

Now, she sought her own femininity which had attracted Jack to her 
in an age when
most women were trying to out-man the men.  He had introduced her
to the world of sexy negligees, naughty and nice underthings,
peignoirs, camisoles, teddies, body stockings, garter belts and
everything.  It was the only thing about their sexual relationship
which had been more than pedestrian.  She would model sexy things
for him, they would flirt and tease each other, but it always ended
the same, Jack on top, grunting, rolling over, snuggling a bit, then
falling asleep.  

It was not as bad as it sounded, he was a wonderful man, but his
sexual imagination began and ended at lingerie.  In the time since
his death, Heather had tried to have relationships with other men,
who also appreciated her taste in underwear.  But of the few she
took to bed, none was ever interested in more than his own pleasure. 
She stopped dating, and began to believe that all the wonderful
things she'd heard about sex were mere myth.

Now, she sought her own relief whenever she felt the urge.  In
addition to her wonderful underthings, she had a vibrator which
she'd ordered from a catalog.  It was plain, utilitarian, but it got
the job done for her, which no man ever had.  The only extravagance
she allowed herself was periodic trips to Victoria's Secret. 
"Secret, indeed," she mused, for now that Jack was gone, no one but
she knew of her taste in clothes.  Not even Kevin knew, for she hand
washed everything in her bathroom when he wasn't home, though she
often wondered exactly why she hid this from him.

But dinner was waiting, and unconsciously imitating her son, she
shook her head to clear her thoughts, changed into some plain
underwear and her sweats, and headed downstairs.


-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
Kevin's Story
Chapter 2


The next day was a school holiday, so Kevin slept in as Heather left
the house for work.  Later he woke up, got some breakfast, did the
dishes and sat down in the living room.  He felt lazy to not be
doing anything, and tried to think of a chore to do that would
really please his Mom.  He decided to try doing laundry, it didn't
look too hard.

He ran upstairs to grab the hamper from the bathroom, brought it
down to the basement, shook it out and began separating colors.  He
noticed, however, that the uniform his Mom had on yesterday was not
among the dirty clothes.  Knowing she'd never wear the same clothes
two days in a row, Kevin ran back up to her bedroom, figuring she'd
left it there.

He found it in a heap on the floor, along with several other things. 
With a jolt, Kevin realized that they were underthings, the likes
of which he'd never seen before.  In amazement, he discovered the
garter belt.  The chemise he ignored, but when he came to her bra
and panties, he began to feel a not uncomfortable tightening in his
groin as his penis began expanding against the front of his pajamas. 
Unsnapping the pants, he let it pop free as he handled the silky
sexy underwear.  His eyes bugged out in amazement at the size of the
bra, which a small tag advertised to be 40-DD.  He had always known
they were big, but...wow!  The panties were barely a wisp in his
hand.  Tentatively, not knowing what drove him, Kevin brushed the
fabric of the panties against his prick.  The silky smooth fabric
felt electrically cool against his hot cock.  The pattern of the
lace ground erotically against his prick-head and his whole member
jerked and throbbed with excitement.  He wrapped the crotch around
his rod and began slowly stroking himself, meanwhile holding and
staring at the bra.  His imagination began to run away with him. 
He imagined what his mom looked like nude, her long dark hair fanned
out around her head, her green eyes smoldering, her large breasts
hanging off her chest.  He recalled the feeling of those breasts on
his face, and his young cock suddenly dumped its seed into the
crotch of his mom's panties.  

Startled, Kevin dropped the bra and panties, then hurriedly mixed
the clothes back up in what he hoped was an approximation of how
he'd found them.  Jumping up, he pulled up his pajamas and fled the
room.  Back downstairs, he mechanically sorted and washed the
clothes, with confused thoughts running through his head all the
while.  He loved his mom, but not that way.  Or did he?  He liked
the feel of her, the smell of her, and he especially liked the idea
of her in (and out of) those sexy clothes.  He hoped she wouldn't
notice the dried spunk on her clothes but would just wash them out. 
Thoroughly confused, he finished the laundry, then went out to
soccer practice, where he could forget about all that stuff.

Later that afternoon, Heather arrived home to an empty house.  The
markerboard on the fridge said "Soc. Prac. Luv U -K" in Kevin's
familiar scrawl.  She smiled over that, then headed up the stairs. 
Whenever Kevin was away, she could really dress up in her favorite
things, then relax with her vibrator.  She decided a nice bath would
be in order to start.  But once she was undressing in the main
bathroom, she noticed the hamper was missing.  Perplexed, she headed
downstairs to find it empty next to the wash machine with all the
clean clothes neatly stacked on the washer and drier.  "What a great
kid," she thought as a surge of love and pride filled her eyes with
tears.  It wasn't fair, no 14-year-old should be that responsible. 
He should be enjoying his youth more.  And yet here he was taking
on more responsibility on his day off.  She wished she could do
something for him.

Back upstairs, she decided against the bath.  The done laundry
reminded her about the stuff she had to hand wash in the basket in
her closet. Returning to her bedroom, she gathered up the clothes
she'd thoughtlessly left on the floor yesterday, piled them on the
vanity in her smaller private bathroom, then ran a sink full of
warmish water.

As she picked up the panties, however, she noticed the peculiar,
scaly stain in the crotch.   She wasn't extremely experienced, but
she did recognize dried cum-stains when she saw them.  At first she
was taken aback, then she was angry, finally she was slightly
amused.  "That kid," she thought, "It's nice to know that he's a
normal teen in some respect.  Sometimes I forget he's just entering
puberty and not a grown-up.  I'll have to have a talk with him,
though."  

Quickly, she finished washing her things, then hung them from the
rod of her small shower.  She returned to her bedroom and stripped,
then slipped into her outfit du jour: black fishnet stockings, a red
garter belt,  red panties with side ribbon ties, and a red half-cut
push-up bra.  Over this she wore long silk dressing gown.  Next she
darkened the room, drawing the curtains and turning out the lights,
save for a small lamp on her night table.  For a while she lounged
in the armchair with her eyes closed, luxuriating in the feeling of
the clothes on her body, especially that of the silk over her
nipples.  After a bit, she stood, and headed over to the full length
mirror.  She teasingly dipped her gown, showing first one, then the
other shoulder.  Sashaying back and forth, she continued to tease
her reflection, alternately dropping each shoulder to display more
and more flesh.  Once again, she was delighting not in the view of
her own body, but of the lingerie.

Finally, she dropped the robe altogether, and began running her
hands over her body.  From her thighs, the tops of the stockings,
under the straps of the garter belt, up over her waist, under her
breasts, over her nipples, up to her shoulders her hands traced
their path, then back down.  This caressing became more insistent,
then one hand stayed at her crotch, as the other moved to her
breast, and the caresses became localized.  In a near daze, she
untied the bows at her hips and luxuriously drew the panties from
between her legs, making sure every possible inch of silk ran over
the inflamed lips of her pussy.  As the last bit of silk flicked off
her clit, she shivered and knew she was ready for the vibrator. 
Silently she cursed herself, as usual, in her hurry to view herself,
she had neglected to move the armchair in front of the mirror. 
Quickly she did this, then grabbed the vibrator and settled into
position.

Heather began with the toy the same way she had with her hands,
rubbing it all over her body at the lowest setting.  Again she
localized her ministrations, first on her breasts.  The tingling
sensation flooded out from her nipples, spreading warmth throughout
her body.  She moved the vibrations up two notches, then lay the
machine between her breasts and squeezed them together.  The bra got
in the way, so with an expert flick of the wrist behind her back,
she sprang the clasps, then pulled the cups away in front.  Her
pendulous breasts barely sagged at all with the removal of the
support.  She pushed them together around the buzzing instrument. 
The insistent vibrations set off waves of ecstacy in her pussy.  She
felt herself getting more and more excited, so she throttled the
vibrator back a notch and began running it between her pussy lips. 
A minute of this had her ready for much more, so she angled the end
out, aiming the tip for the center of her moist womanhood and
plunged nearly the whole length into her pussy.  

Once it was firmly embedded, she dialed it up to full power, and
threw her head back in ecstacy.  The vibrations coursed through her
body, rattling her very brain with their erotic intensity.   They
seemed to pulse throughout her, but seemed most insistent in her
erogenous zones.  Her nipples cried out to be squeezed.  Clamping
her thighs together to hold that pleasure dispensing instrument in
place, she rocked forward on the chair and grabbed at her tits,
kneading and pulling the flesh.  With abandon, she grabbed one in
both hands and heaved the nipple up to her mouth.  Sucking wildly,
she dropped one hand to her crotch and, almost delicately, slipped
a finger down on her clit.  The confluence of erotic stimulation was
about to drive her over the edge.  

As she approached her orgasm, she felt herself fiercely wanting a
cock, any cock, to be ramming into her instead of this lifeless
plastic.  She wanted it to fill her fully, then spurt its seed all
over her, to run down her face and tits and stomach and pussy and
thighs, to dry all over her and her wonderful lingerie.  Unbidden,
but not entirely unwelcome, the thought of her son Kevin spraying
his warm goo into the crotch of her panties sprang to mind.  At that
instant, she was swept over the edge and with a long, thin, teeth-
clenching wail, she came in ecstacy!

Minutes later, after catching her breath, she lay flat on her back
on her bed, staring up at the ceiling.  Although her routine had not
varied, this orgasm had been one of her best in months.  Embarrassed
even though she was alone, she wondered if her thoughts of Kevin had
anything to do with it.  "Don't be ridiculous," she told herself,
turning red in embarrassment and anger, "You can't feel that way
over a fourteen-year-old.  He's much too young.  No self-respecting
woman would have anything to do with such a young man."  

But he was a nice kid, and so mature for his age.  There were so
many ways he could be hurt by unscrupulous women out there.  It
would be terrible if he turned out like those other jerks I've slept
with, only interested in their own pleasure.  I could teach him so
much.  And who would know? I love him so.....

"Stop it!" she now told herself out loud. "get your feelings under
control, Heather.  Not only is he so young, HE IS ALSO YOUR SON! 
That would be incest.  Now snap to it and let's get going."

She hopped out of bed, almost physically thrusting the thought from
her mind.  She changed into her regular clothes, washed the lingerie
she'd just used and went downstairs to fix supper.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
Kevin's Story
Chapter 3


Although she had no desire to pursue her thoughts of that afternoon,
Heather realized that evening that she would have to discuss the
stains she found in her panties with Kevin.  She had no problem with
his masturbating (especially given her own proclivities in that
area), but it would not do to have him jacking off in her panties
whenever she wasn't looking.  For one thing, the harsher scrubbing
necessary would ruin some of the more delicate items.  For another,
it just wasn't right for a son to do that with his Mom's under-
clothes.  For a while she thought she might buy him some panties for
him to use for that purpose, but that didn't seem like the right
solution.

Finally, when she went in to kiss him goodnight she decided to speak
to him.  She sat down on the edge of his bed, facing him, and said
"Kevin, there's something I'd like to talk to you about."

"Yeah?" he answered, tentatively.

"Um, yes, well, I really appreciate your doing the laundry today,
but um," she pulled the previously soiled panties out of her pocket
and held them out, "it's, uh, not really polite for a young man to
masturbate in a lady's underthings and not to wash them out."

Kevin blanched, then covered his face with his pillow.  "I'm sorry,"
he wailed, muffled by the pillow, "I'm sorry,  I didn't mean to do
it.  I don't know why...  I'm sorry."

Heather's heart melted to see him so distraught.  "Honey, honey,
no," she said gently, trying to pull the pillow away from his face,
"I'm not upset.  I'm not angry.  I understand.  It's okay."

She pulled the pillow away, but the boy covered his face with his
arms, still mortified.

"Kevin, it's alright," she leaned down and hugged her son, kissing
his forehead, then sat up.  "There's nothing wrong with masturbat-
ing, and I'm not mad about that."

He peeked out one eye.  "You're not?" he sniffed, hopeful but still
unbelieving.

"No, of course not," she insisted, pulling his arms down, then
brushing away one stray tear.  "It's just that Mommy has some
expensive underwear, and she'd hate to see it get ruined that way." 
Heather knew her little underwear secret was out of the bag anyway,
so she decided not to pretend about it anymore.

"I know," Kevin said, "I didn't think about that.  Mom, I didn't
even know you had such nice stuff."

"Well, I do.  It's my special secret.  And now you share that secret
with me.  Can you keep my secret, Kev?"

"Sure, Mom, of course I will.  But what's it for?  I mean, why do
you have special underwear and regular stuff?"

"It makes me feel nice to wear it.  It makes me feel..." Heather
paused.

"What?  How does it make you feel?" Kevin insisted.

"Oh, boy," Heather thought, "I've done it now."  But she decided not
to lie.  It was important to her that she and Kevin maintain an open
attitude about sex.  She wanted him to be able to talk to her about
anything.  Kevin would sense if she were lying, and so might not
discuss things frankly with her in the future.  So...

"It makes me feel sexy."

"But Mom, you're already the sexiest woman I know, you don't need
anything else to do that."

"Thank you, Kevin, I appreciate that.  But I don't look at myself
that way and frankly, you shouldn't either."

"I'm sorry, but I can't help it," he said earnestly.  "I really
think you're beautiful and I love you."

"I love you too.  But like I said, I don't feel sexy until I'm
wearing that stuff.  It makes me feel feminine.  Besides, you must
find it sexy, too.  After all, look what you did to it."

Kevin blushed deeply, but to his credit didn't squirm or retreat
beneath the pillow again.  "Um, it wasn't so much the panties, it
was the bra."

"Hmm, that bra wasn't so special," she said.

"Well, it's just, I'd never known, well, I mean, I uh, uh," Kevin
floundered and dropped his head.

Heather put her hand on her son's shoulder and said gently, "It's
okay honey, you can be honest with me about anything.  I'll answer
you honestly, too."

Without looking up Kevin said in a strangely deep voice, "I never
knew how big your breasts were and the tag said 40-DD and I thought
about you and it excited me."

Heather was not as taken aback as she might have been.  Guiltily she
thought about her own fantasies that afternoon, them pushed them
from her mind.

"It's alright," she said, then tried to deflect her son's agitation
with another tack.  "Is there anything you want to ask me?"

Kevin was silent.

"Anything, honey, I mean it.  Would you like to know when I started
wearing these things?"

Kevin nodded.

"Your Dad first bought them for me.  He'd have me model them.  They
excited him, too."

"Do they excite you?"  he asked.

"In a way."

"Do you masturbate?"

"Uh, yes, I do,"

"Really?"  Kevin picked up his head, and sounded surprised.

"Yes, of course, it's not some terrible thing.  Everyone does it. 
Now, Kevin, I don't want you ever to be ashamed or frightened to ask
me about anything having to do with sex.  Is that clear?"

Kevin nodded.

"Is there anything else you want to tell me?"

"Ummm."


"It's okay, honey, what is it?"

"Ummm, all this talk about sex and stuff has made me hard."

Heather was surprised, then laughed at herself a little.  She HAD
said "anything"

"Uh, hmmm," she said, "and what about that?"

"Well, I don't know, I just thought I'd tell you," he said.

"Okay, fine," she said, but felt that there was more to it than
that.  "Did you want to show it to me?"

"Well, umm, I don't know, kind of, but I don't know if it's okay."

"Of course it's okay," she said, "remember, there aren't any secrets
about this type of thing between us, okay?"

"Okay," he said.

Kevin was thoroughly confused.  First of all, he was confused by the
feelings he'd had about his Mom that afternoon.  The mortification
over being caught had given way to her gentle attitude and he was
relieved to see she wasn't angry.  But the tenor of the discussion
had recalled to him all those feelings from before, and he could
hardly take his eyes from the panties she held.  He remembered their
feeling against his throbbing young cock, and that cock had
reasserted itself under his blankets.  

Moreover, although she was only wearing a baggy sweater and jeans,
he could see the swell of his Mom's breasts under the black cable
knit, and by the way they moved when she did, he thought she was
braless.  This only served to increase his hard-on, and now he
wanted nothing more than to show it off to this woman he adored. 
And although part of him believed it was wrong, she was sitting here
telling him that they could discuss anything about sex.

So without further ado, he flipped aside the blanket.  His Mom
seemed to gasp slightly as bulge in his pajamas became visible, then
he unsnapped the pants and it popped out.  For a moment, the two of
them looked at it as it stood there.  The Heather swallowed and said
quietly, "Very nice."

In fact, it was more than very nice.  For a 14-year-old it was
extremely nice.  Almost seven inches long, it was still rather
skinny.  It jutted up from inside his pajamas, curving back slightly
as it neared the flaring head, which just now was an angry shade of
red.

"Does it hurt you now?" Heather asked him.

"A little," he said, "'cause it's so hard."

"What's made it this hard?" she asked.

"Just talking about this stuff," he said, then paused and admitted
"and you."

"Me?" she said, surprised.

"Yes," he said simply, "I can't help it, you just do."

"Does it normally go away by itself?" she asked.

"Not usually, I have to masturbate it."

"Go ahead, then," she said.

"Now?  In front of you?"

"If you like, I'll leave," she said, making as if to get up.

"No," Kevin protested, his mind racing, "you can stay if you want."

Kevin really wanted to do this for her, but he couldn't shake the
persistent feeling that it wasn't right.  In fact, it was this
feeling which made it that much more exciting.  He wasn't aware of
the term "incest" and it's full implications.

Heather was, though, yet she still felt compelled to see this
through.  It was clear that Kevin had to work through these
feelings, and to turn her back on him now may do irreparable harm
to his feelings and their relationship.  Yet when that young tool
sprang into view, she couldn't suppress an inward shudder of
excitement.  Her thoughts of this afternoon returned, and she didn't
quite have the strength to banish them again.  So she sat and
stayed.

Wordlessly, Kevin began to stroke his cock.  His rhythm was fast and
furious, and the already red skin began to turn redder from the
friction.  In a way it hurt, but his feelings were such that he had
to stroke this monster down quickly.  His Mom winced to see the
force with which he attacked his rod. 

"Stop, Kevin, don't" she said without thinking.  "You'll hurt
yourself that way, is that how you always masturbate?"

"Usually."

"Here let me show you."

And before she knew it, her hand was wrapped around his young cock
and she was lightly, gently stroking it up and down.  Kevin was
shocked, but before he had a chance to protest, the feelings from
his groin rendered him speechless.  It was incredible!  Just the
fact that having another hand not your own do this was terrific. 
But to do it so well!  It was several minutes before the novelty of
that situation allowed him to realize that it was his Mom jacking
him off.

For her part, Heather realized too late what she was doing.  But
that realization only came in a small, rapidly shrinking part of her
mind.  The rest of her consciousness was devoted to that magnificent
boy-cock in front of her.  She didn't see it as her son, but as the
answer to her yearnings of the afternoon.  What remained of her
normal state of mind had already begun to rationalize the action
anyway.  It was only a hand-job.  They weren't having sex.  Besides,
if she let him go on masturbating like that, he would rub himself
raw.  She would show him the correct technique and that would be it.

Kevin continued to revel in the feelings.  His hips strained off the
bed.  He was unused to such light, caressing ministrations, and the
elusiveness of his Mom's grasp was driving him crazy.  Normally, he
pounded himself quickly until he came, but this was a whole new
level of pleasure.

His Mom speeded up her strokes, but only increased her pressure
lightly.  Kevin had fallen into a rhythm beneath her hand, bucking
up as she slid it down.  Reaching out with the panties still held
in her left hand, she caressed his balls softly.  The brown hair on
them seemed barely there, it was so soft and downy.  She felt his
nuts churning beneath the fabric.

Kevin felt the added stimulus and knew he couldn't hold back much
longer.  Already she had jacked him far longer than he normally
lasted, because the lighter pressure counteracted the added erotic
benefits of the situation.  But the moment of truth was at hand.

Without warning, he arched his back one last time, then fired his
load up into the air.  Spurt after spurt of hot cum fountained into
the air to land on his belly, or his Mom's hand.  She continued to
stroke him, firmer now that the added cum provided some lubrication.
His spurts subsided to dribbles, welling up from his cock with each
of her downward strokes.  Finally they ebbed to nothing.  Quickly,
almost clinically, she cleaned him up with the panties still in her
hand, pulled up and buttoned his pajamas, kissed him once, firmly
but quickly on the lips, and left him to sleep.

The kiss startled him out of his stupor, but by the time Kevin
realized what was going on, his Mom had gone.  He was dull with
sleepiness, and his young mind still had not registered the
bizarreness of what had occurred, and so he snorted satisfiedly and
slipped off to sleep.

Heather's mind, on the other hand, was awhirl.  She couldn't believe
what had just happened.  But the human mind is a mysterious object,
and when confronted with an unpleasant reality, often rationalizes
away the unpleasant parts.  This process had already begun during
the hand-job, and Heather retreated gratefully toward that version
of events:  it was a normal part of sex education.

To help things along, however, Heather headed toward the kitchen
cabinet where she kept her liquor.  Usually, these bottles were
brought out only for guests and parties, but in an uncharacteristic
move, Heather poured herself two fingers of scotch on ice and
slurped it down.

Back upstairs, Heather noticed the twice-soiled pantied were still
in her hand.  She was about to simply throw them out, but for some
reason, sniffed tentatively at them.  Immediately, the familiar odor
if male sex filled her nostrils.  It had been months since she'd
last smelled that, but the pheromones did their work.  Her knees
weakened, her breasts ached to be touched, and her pussy turned
moist.

Her armchair was still in front of her mirror, but she ignored it. 
Instead she flung off her clothes and bounced onto her bed.  Laying
the cum-soaked panties near her head, she reached for the vibrator
and turned it on.  Ignoring her regular routine, she buzzed it to
high and slid it into her moist pussy.  Leaving it there, she
kneaded and sucked her own mammoth breasts, pulling and mauling at
them like a man would.  She quickly built toward her climax, and as
she felt it becoming inevitable, she turned her head toward the
panties, almost sticking her nose in her son's cum, and inhaled
deeply.  She came then, thrashing silently in ecstacy on the bed. 
This intense orgasm lasted almost a minute before subsiding, and
even then several short pulses ripped through her pussy like
aftershocks of a climactic earthquake.  She barely had enough energy
to flip off the switch, leaving the inert vibrator inserted in her
pussy, before falling into a deep dreamless sleep.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Kevin's Story
Chapter 4


Kevin woke up the next morning inordinately happy, but as so often
happens to the waking mind, he didn't immediately remember why.  He
felt the sheets rub against his morning hard-on, and then he
suddenly recalled the events of the previous night.  His already
swollen member seemed to get even harder.  He hopped out of bed and,
with his swaying boner leading him on like a divining rod, went off
in search of his mother.

Heather, for her part, woke with a feeling of guilt, albeit a small
one.  But as she showered away the sweat of the previous night, her
rationalizations completed themselves, washing away the guilt as
well.  By the time she had dried off and was getting dressed, she
had convinced herself that grabbing hold of her son's dick and
masturbating him to orgasm was an integral part of his sex
education.  She ignored the fact that it had turned her on as well,
since it was not germane to the idea of teaching him.

In her confusion the previous night, Heather had not closed her
bedroom door all the way, and as Kevin approached her room, he could
see his mom framed in the crack between the door and the jamb.  She
was just fastening her bra at that point, and the view was
breathtaking.  Since he had no idea what he was going to say to her,
he decided not to enter, but simply to observe her getting dressed.

Already she was in her bra and panties, but, strangely, Kevin was
not disappointed not to see her naked.  To a 14-year-old, underwear
was as good as naked, and when the underwear was as nice as
Heather's...

He stood transfixed, drinking in the view.  
Inside her room, Heather bustled about putting on her garter belt
and slowly pulling up her white stockings so as not to run them. 
Kevin stroked his rod as he watched her, and began to really
appreciate her taste in lingerie.

Finally, as she slipped into her uniform, she caught sight of his
shadow in the hall.  At first she was irritated, then she simply
sighed to herself and let it pass.  A little voyeurism never hurt
anyone, especially in view of what had already passed between them. 
But she resolved to speak to him again that evening.

When Kevin saw that his Mom was done dressing, he decided not to
knock and enter, but rather to return to his own bathroom and jerk
off.  After that, he went downstairs for breakfast to find that
Heather had already left.

That evening, Heather returned home to find that Kevin had once
again prepared dinner, although this time it was steak and baked
potatoes, with a tossed salad.  "Kevin!" she squealed in surprise,
"how on earth did you manage all this?"

Kevin proudly related to her that he had called his aunt long
distance to get instructions on the preparation as a surprise for
her.  "I just wanted to have a special Friday night supper," he
said.

Heather gratefully sat down to start on her salad, while Kevin
clumsily (but adorably, she thought) finished the meal and served
it.  To her continued surprise, he went to the 'fridge and produced
a bottle of wine, which he served her with great ceremony, but
served himself only a Pepsi.  He smiled engagingly  when he sat down
opposite her, and they dug in to the meal.  

When they were almost done, and Kevin was leaning over to refill her
glass, Heather realized that he was acting exactly as if they were
on a date.  The shock of the realization almost made her choke on
a mouthful of steak.  She saw the danger inherent in such a
viewpoint, but at the same time she was touched and flattered. 
Kevin was acting very courtly, almost like a caricature of a suave
movie suitor.  She resolved to talk to him after the meal about this
and other matters.  But Heather had to admit that it was the nicest
"date" she'd had in quite awhile.  No other man ever cooked for her,
or treated her with such respectful affection.  It's too bad,
really, that Kevin wasn't older, and not her son....

Kevin insisted on doing dishes himself, so Heather carried her wine
into the den and sat down on the couch.  A few minutes later he
appeared, but she noticed he had changed into his pajamas and robe.

"Kevin, I'd like to talk to you," she said.

"I'd like to talk to you, too," he said, sitting down next to her.

"It's about last night, and dinner, and this morning, too."

"This morning?" he asked.

"Yes, I saw you in the hall."

"I'm sorry, Mom.  I didn't want to bother you, but you looked so
nice I couldn't help but watch.  I should have asked you, first."

"Yes, you should, but that's not the point..."

"Would you have let me?" he interrupted.

"What?" she asked, confused.

"Watch you dress.  I mean, you did say we could be honest with one
another."

"Uh, yes, I guess so..."

"Great, I really appreciate this Mom."

By now, Heather was thoroughly confused.  Perhaps she shouldn't have
drunk so much wine.  But she couldn't for the life of her figure out
what Kevin was driving at.  Plus she'd lost the thread of what she
was going to say.

"Appreciate what?" she asked.

"This honesty stuff.  I was really confused about sex and stuff, and
it really helps that I can talk to someone I trust.  I love you,
Mom."

"Oh, Kevin, I love you, too.  I'll always be here for you.  You know
that."

"I know, and last night was really special to me.  That's why I made
such a nice dinner, to kind of say thanks.  It really helped me."

"Good."

"In fact, I'd like to show you what I've learned.  I'm much better
at jack-uh, masturbating now.  I practiced today.  Can I show you,
please?"

Totally taken aback, extremely confused and feeling a little horny
from the wine, Heather barely nodded before Kevin stood in front of
her.  He pulled his robe back behind his hips.  She could already
see his hard rod tenting out the front of his pajamas.

Kevin unsnapped his pants and let them fall around his ankles.  As
she did the previous night, Heather gasped slightly.  She was amazed
that such a large organ could grow from the loins of such a slim
body.  Kevin kept his left hand on his hip, holding the robe out of
the way.  He dropped his right hand to his blood-engorged rod. 
Heather shivered involuntarily as his first stroke brought forth a
clear drop of seminal fluid.  Her wine-clouded mind retreated to the
now familiar rationalizations for her actions, but her body
responded honestly:  her nipples hardened under her blouse; her
respiration increased; her tongue moistened her lips quickly,
nervously; she shifted forward in her seat, her knees parting
slightly; a slow warmth suffused through her body, accompanied by
a wetness in her pussy.

Kevin seemed not to notice these subtle changes; his eyes were half
closed as he smoothly stroked his rod.  His lidded gaze looked half-
sleepy with lust, and seemed concentrated on his mother's heaving
bosom.  Three buttons had come undone on her blouse, and he could
see the creamy tops of her breasts and the thinnest line of her bra
peaking out of the top.  As she shifted forward in her seat, his
eyes were drawn to her stockinged legs.  He remembered the erotic
vision of the morning: his mother slowly pulling up the white
stockings.  

Heather lay back in the chair, her gaze totally focused on that hand
pistoning on that rod.  Unconsciously, the fingers of her own hand
curled as they had the night before to stroke that penis.  The
tactile memories flooded through her, exciting her even more.  She
wanted to drop her own hand between her legs, but seemed to lack the
will to do anything voluntarily.

Mother and Son faced each other, each experiencing physical
stimulation, but the mental stimulation far outpaced that.  Both
were wrapped in memories, she of him the night before, he of her
this morning.  In his mind's eye, Kevin followed the progress of the
stockings she pulled on this morning, over the ankle, up the smooth
calf, over the knee.  Heather recalled each individual stroke she
had applied last night, the feel of the warm flesh beneath her, the
bump on her fingers of his glans.

Kevin became more excited as his eyes travelled up her leg, seeing
the stocking gliding over that creamy thigh.  As the stockings in
his vision came to their end, his mental gaze travelled up his
mother's thigh to the white panties snugly nestling their prize. 
He felt himself start to cum.

Heather recalled tightening her grip, stroking faster, and her own
orgasm approached.

With a strangled cry, Kevin pitched forward slightly, his left hand
supporting him on the back of Heather's chair.  He angled his dick
down, not wanting to spray cum all over his Mom's face.  A huge wad
fired down onto the white-stockinged thigh of his fantasy.

Kevin's cry almost broke Heather's concentration, but when she felt
that hot, gooey cum hit her leg, she arched her back up, threw her
head back, and gasped out her orgasm.  

Spurt after spurt of cum landed on those thighs, each one searing
it's way into Heather's orgasm.  No man's cum, in her pussy, down
her throat, between her breasts, had ever put her over the edge like
this before.

As Kevin finished coming, he opened his eyes and looked down into
his mother's face.  Heather was still in the midst of her orgasm,
with her head back, her eyes closed and her lips parted.  Without
thinking, her dropped his mouth to cover hers.  His mother kissed
him back hungrily.  Suddenly, her eyes flew open to stare into his. 
Startled, Kevin pulled back, grabbed up his pants, and ran from the
room.

Heather still wasn't quite all the way back.  Her surprised glance
had not been because her son was kissing her, but because a kiss had
in no way figured in that fantasy place where she was reliving last
night.  With Kevin gone, she still was wrapped in lust.  She ran her
hands over her thighs, revelling in the sensation of hot, sticky cum
giving way to the small rough mesh of fibers of her stockings.  She
continued to massage the cum into her legs, then she picked up one
hand and examined the goo all over her fingers.  Dreamily, she
examined the way it clung to her fingers.  Then she seemed to come
to a bit.  She got up, went to her room, stripped off her clothes
and hopped in the shower.  Still partly dazed, she went to sleep.

-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-
Kevin's Story
Chapter 5


The next day was Saturday.  Kevin woke up not knowing what to
expect.  He was certain his Mom was not happy about what had
transpired the night before.  Whether or not she would mention
troubled him.  But even if Heather let it go, Kevin was still
consumed with guilt.

He padded downstairs, still in the robe and pajamas from the
previous night.  This time, however, his robe was belted tightly
shut.  Heather was in the kitchen,also in her robe, humming to
herself while fixing breakfast.

For her part, Heather was not mad at her son at all.  She felt that
what had transpired between them so far was simply furthering
Kevin's sex education.  She was also feeling guilty, however, for
enjoying herself so much in the process.

She turned around from the stove and started slightly.  Kevin had
come into the kitchen and sat down without even saying hello.  Now
he was seated at the table with his head in his hands.

"Good morning, Tiger,"  she said cheerily.

"Mmmf, mornin'," he said without raising his head.

Heather immediately became concerned.  "Are you okay, honey?  Are
you sick?"
"No, I'm fine," he said, and left it at that.

Heather shrugged and turned back to the stove.  A few minutes later,
she shoveled some eggs onto his plate.  Without looking up, he took
his fork and began eating, still holding his head up with the other
hand.  Heather was puzzled, but let it be for now.  She tried to
make conversation a few times, but Kevin's monosyllabic answers
rebuffed her attempts.

After only a few mouthfuls, Kevin rose, scraped his leftovers into
the trash, the dashed upstairs again.  Perplexed, Heather finished
her own breakfast, and cleaned up.  As she washed the few dishes,
she wondered if perhaps Kevin was mad at her for what had occurred. 
Certainly, she hadn't encouraged him last night, but you never know
how kids might interpret things.  Finishing the countertop, she
dried her hands and went up to talk to him.

Kevin was in his bedroom, back in bed but still in his robe.  The
shades were drawn and the room was in deep shadow.  Heather came in,
pulled his desk chair over alongside the bed and sat on it.  "Kevin,
honey, what's wrong?"

Kevin lay with his head muffled in his arms "Nothing," came the
barely audible reply.

"Are you worried about what's been happening between us?"

There was no answer from the teenager.

"Have I done anything wrong, anything to hurt or offend you?"

"Oh, God, no!" he groaned.

"Then what's wrong?  Why won't you talk to me?"

"I shouldn't have done that last night.  It was terrible of me."

"What are you talking about?" she asked.  "It was not terrible of
you at all.  Didn't anything I said to you before get through?  It's
okay for you to ask me about these things and for me to teach you. 
If I were upset, believe me you'd know."

Kevin lay silent for awhile, digesting this.

"Kevin?" she prompted.

With his face still in his arms, Kevin gulped, "But you don't do it. 
Only me.  I feel like it's not right if you don't do it."

"Do what, Kevin?  Do you mean masturbate?"

"Yes."

Heather had to laugh at that, but was careful to make it a friendly
chuckle lest she hurt her son's feelings further.

"Oh Kevin, of course I do.  Everyone does."

Kevin lifted his head, surprised.  "You do?!"

"Of course, silly.  Like I said, everyone does."

Kevin seemed to forget his problems with the fascination of this new
piece of information.  He flipped over and sat up, crossing his legs
Indian style.  "But, I don't understand.  Women don't have, you
know, a thing."

Heather had trouble concentrating on an answer, because she could
see Kevin's prick pushing against his pajama bottoms.  It never
ceased to amaze her how quickly and with what little stimulation
teenage boys got hard.  Grown men for that matter.  "Prick," she
said, half to herself.

"Huh?" 

"Prick, cock, dick, these are all terms for penis, Kevin.  You can
use them with me.  I told you the other night, you can ask me
anything.  You don't have to call a prick a 'thing'."

"Well, what are the terms for your 'thing'?"

"Well, vagina is the clinical term, but many people call it a pussy,
slit or cunt.  But for some reason I don't like the term cunt."

"Then I won't use it.  But still, how does a woman jack off?"

"Well, she can use several methods.  She can simply stroke her pussy
lips, inserting her fingers or an object in her pussy.  Or she can
concentrate on her clit and bring herself off with her finger.  Some
women can cum merely by stimulating their breasts.  Most women use
a combination of those methods.  Do you follow me?"

Kevin had been nodding his head slightly at her explanation, as
though he understood.  But when Heather asked him point blank, he
had to truthfully answer "Uh, no."

Heather frowned a bit in thought, then said "Are you familiar with
female anatomy?"

"No."

"Hmmm.  Kevin, honey, would you like Mom to show you?"

"Yeah!"  he grinned enthusiastically.

Heather frowned again, a bit concerned over his eagerness.  But he
was young and inexperienced.  His curiosity was understandable. 
Besides, a young man could get himself in trouble trying to discover
the mysteries of a woman's body, either by exploring unsafely with
someone his own age or as the toy of an older woman.  Or merely
through voyeurism as he displayed this morning.  That could get him
in trouble with the law if he got caught.  No, it seems that this
way was the only course.

So Heather stood up, untied the sash of her robe, and let it drop
to the floor.  Kevin's eyes got wide as saucers as he beheld her
nearly naked body.  As it happened, Heather was wearing a normal,
though lacy, bra and panty set.   She reached behind her back, undid
the clasp, and let the bra drop to the floor.  Kevin gasped as he
beheld those magnificent mammaries.  Heather simply reached down and
peeled off her panties, stepping out of them.  There was no coyness
in her style, since her aim was not to excite but to educate. 
Nevertheless, the circumstances were such that both mother and son
were getting extremely excited.  Somewhat wobbly, Heather sat down
on the chair again, facing her son on his bed.

"Okay," she said, soft and low, "these are my breasts, obviously." 
She hefted her pendulous tits toward Kevin.  "They are also called
tits, boobs and other things.  This area is called the areola, and
these are the nipples.  This area becomes engorged with blood and
the nipples become stiff when a woman is excited."  Heather noticed
her nipples were in exactly that state so she hastily added "...or
cold."

Next she parted her knees and guided Kevin on a tour of her pussy. 
"This is the pubic hair, this area is the mons, these lips are
called the labia majoris.  If I pull them back...like so...you can
see the labia minoris and the clitoris, or clit.  It is analogous
in structure to your penis, although it does not excrete urine or
cum.  It does become stiff with blood, as does the whole area."

Heather had been looking down at herself as she spoke, and now when
she raised her head she saw to her consternation that Kevin had
pulled out his cock and was softly stroking it.  With a bit of
prideful detachment she noted that his technique had improved, but
most of her mind was beginning to glaze over again with that
familiar lust.  "Kevin, you're doing that much better, now."

"Thanks, Mom.  But could you show me, please, how you do it."

Although reluctant, Heather could hardly say no, since she had
encouraged this learning experience.  Besides, it would feel good.

So she leaned her head back in her chair, placed her feet well apart
on the edge of Kevin's bed, closed her eyes, and dropped one hand
to her crotch, one to her breasts.

Kevin gasped, and almost came at the erotic sight before him.  His
mom's long black hair hung mostly off the back of the chair, but a
few locks were laying over her shoulders and curling around those
huge breasts.  Like most boys his age, he was extremely fascinated
with those tits.  And to see his mom's hand kneading her own
titflesh, that same hand that had rubbed his cock, was nearly mind-
and cock-blowing.  So he gripped his penis hard, almost painfully,
and stopped stroking.  He directed his attention now tho the
fascinating apparatus between his mom's legs.  That clit was
extremely interesting.  As Heather stroked her fingers between her
lips, that little nub of flesh had already poked further out. He
noticed how every time she touched it, she quivered involuntarily. 
Still holding onto his cock, he leaned closer for a better look.

It took very little for Heather to leave everything behind and start
up that hill to the heights of orgasm.  Already, during the course
of her conversation with Kevin, she had started to drip her love
juices into her panties, a highlight she had omitted from her tour. 
But those slick juices let her fingers fly around the whole area,
and pretty soon she felt her first orgasm coming on.  She had
deliberately not concentrated on her clit, because she didn't want
to lose it totally in front of her son.  But she desperately wanted
to.

Fascinated, Kevin leaned closed, scootching his butt between his
mother's outstretched legs.  Soon he was sitting on the edge of his
bed, his legs hanging down and his nose nearly in his mom's pussy 
The sharp tangy smell of a woman's arousal assailed his nostrils,
which flared trying to catch every whiff.  Her head still back, her
eyes till closed, his mom was beginning to squirm her butt across
the chair seat.  Unconsciously, Kevin reached one hand forward...

Heather began reaching for that orgasm, wanting it to be done
quickly so she could return this day to its normal channels.  It was
going to be perfect, a quick little cum to take the edge off.  Later
in her own bedroom she could cut loose.  But now she was straining,
nearly there... just about to...  "Yes, I cumming!" she thought,
then........

POW!!!!!!! her orgasm jumped up to incredible levels as her son's
slender fingers locked onto her clit.  Heather's head shot forward,
her eyes wide open, to see Kevin between her legs, two fingers
pressing against her clit, his pajama pants around his ankles, his
huge boy-cock in his hands.  The orgasm kept growing in intensity,
pant after pant of air coming from her mouth, wide open in a silent
scream.  Then she caught her breath and moaned "OH, OH, YES!  KEVIN
DON'T STOP...  YOU'RE MAKING MOMMY CUMMMMMM!"

Kevin's fingers danced among hers, bringing his mom to the heights
she'd taken him to two nights before.  His fingers were becoming
slick with her juices. He kept jiggling that clit, his boner
throbbing in his hand, but not ready to cum yet as he held it tight. 

Finally, Heather gaspingly was able to beg him to quit.  He
immediately stopped and sat back.  Afraid that he had hurt or
offended her, he backed off uncertainly.  Heather lay her head back
again and caught her breath.  Then she opened her eyes and sat up. 
She could feel her juices on her thighs as they rubbed together. 
Aware that Kevin's manner showed uncertainty, she leaned forward,
put her hand on his, and whispered "Thank you, that was wonderful."

"Was it?" he gulped, "you liked that?"  

"Oh yes," she said, her voice soft, sexy, husky.  "It was very nice. 
Do you see now how women 'do it'?"

Kevin simply nodded.

"Okay, since you were so helpful to Mommy, she'd like to pay her
baby back.  Would you like me to make you cum?"

Wordlessly, he nodded again.

Heather slipped onto the bed beside her son.  "First, take off this
top," she said, helping him to unbutton the pajamas.  The pants
already lay in a heap on the floor.  He shrugged the thin cotton
material over his shoulders, and was as naked as his mother.

"Lie back," she gently instructed him.  Kevin obeyed.  Heather then
leaned up on one elbow, and grasped his velvety hard rod with her
right hand.

Slowly, softly, she began to stroke her son's penis.  As she did,
she spoke softly to him.  "It was very nice what you did for Mommy,
Kevin.  You made her feel so good.  That's the most important part
of sex between two people.  Each should be interested in the
pleasure of the other. I'm so proud of you for having such a mature
view."

Kevin heard these words only distantly.  So did Heather for that
matter, as if someone else were speaking.  Both their attentions
were focused on that jutting, shuddering cock: he from within, she
from above.

But she kept up the litany, all the while increasing her pace. 
"Kevvy, you've been so good to Mommy, taking care of things while
she works.  I love you without it, but I love you even more for it. 
I want to teach you so much.  I want to make you so happy."

Kevin's eyes were slitted nearly shut, unfocused, wandering. 
Suddenly they locked onto one of Heather's tits dangling close to
his face as she leaned over him.  It jiggled and swayed in time to
the movements of her delicate hand.  He leaned over and sucked the
nipple into his mouth.

Still speaking softly to him, Heather was startled by the sudden
extra contact: "Yes, honey, Mommy wants you to feel good.  She
really -OH- yes, Kevvy!  That's so nice.  Suck Mommy's titty while
she makes you feel good.  Mmmm, you're such a good boy.  I can tell
you're going to cum soon.  Go ahead honey.  Come on, let it loose. 
Oh, yes, suck Mommy's tit.  Cum, baby.  Cum for mommy.  Come on, 
do it.  Oh, yes, come on.  Oh, Yes!  That's it, you're cumming!  Oh
good boy!   My good, big boy is cumming for Mommy!  Oh sweetie,
that's so beautiful!"

Kevin's first spurt of cum shot up in the air and landed on
Heather's cheek.  The rest seemed to simply flow out, running all
over her fist and his cock.  She continued to rub him, massaging his
cum all through the light fluffy pubic hair.  Leaning forward to
kiss him, her tit popped from his lips.  She covered that still open
mouth with hers and kissed him deeply, longingly.  She could feel
that first squirt of cum running down her cheek toward their lips,
so she broke the kiss so as not to let it interfere.  Kevin fell
back exhausted, and began to drift into sleep.  His last image of
wakefulness was of his gorgeous mother, her bountiful breasts
swinging free, as she stuck her tongue out to lick his cum off her cheek.


Kevin's Story Chapter 6

 Naked as the day she was born, Heather padded back to her bedroom, her 
robe over one arm, soaking up the cum drenching her hand. As on her 
previous sexual encounters with Kevin, her mind was rationalizing away 
her guilt at what had just occurred, to wit: she had stripped and 
masturbated for her son; he had touched her clit and made her cum; she 
had gotten into bed with him naked and masturbated him to orgasm while 
he nursed on her breast. The right synapses were firing to write the 
whole episode off to education again, except for the fact that when some 
of her son's cum spurted on her cheek, she had caught it with her tongue 
as it dripped down her face. But she was conveniently forgetting that 
last fact, acting as if it had been done unconsciously.

However, as she stepped into her shower and began rinsing away the sweat 
and spunk of their encounter, Heather finally admitted to herself that 
these "lessons" were not selfless acts of altruism: she really enjoyed 
the sex acts she had performed with her son. On the other hand, they 
were not selfishly motivated, either. She truly loved Kevin more than 
any other man she'd ever met. He was a gentleman, a good friend and a 
considerate lover, so far. Plus it was clear he adored and desired her. 
As the tepid spray began to turn cold, Heather finally thrust the 
rationalizations away from her mind and admitted to herself that she 
loved Kevin and wanted to have sex with him.... in ALL ways.

"But that's INCEST!" her conscience screamed, and once again, her mind 
went to work smoothing its own ruffled feathers. What's so wrong with 
incest, she thought. It's not as if I'm forcing myself on him, nor is he 
averse to these encounters. In fact, he has initiated one of them, on 
their "date" last night. In fact, he loves me and I love him, not just 
as mother and son but *that* way as well. To withdraw from this if he 
wants to continue would irreparably damage our relationship, especially 
if he wants it to continue. By that same token, to force myself on him 
if he wants to stop WOULD be wrong, and that WOULD be incest. I must 
make it clear to him that any time he says "Stop," I will. Any time he 
wants to end this aspect of our relationship, it will end. But until 
that day.....

Smiling to herself in an unconscious exact imitation of the Mona Lisa, 
Heather shut off the shower, toweled herself dry, and headed into her 
bedroom. There she donned her best white stockings. Her white garter 
belt, half-cup bra and panties were trimmed in red satin, with little 
bows holding the panties together at her full hips. She pulled on 
another robe over this outfit, then got a bowl of warm water and two 
washcloths.

She retuned to Kevin's room to find him sleeping lightly, just as she 
had left him. The early afternoon sun filtered through his thick 
curtains, casting spotlights on the floor where dust motes awoke and 
danced up into these beams. Other than that, the room was cooly shaded.

She sat in the same chair next to his bed where only an hour before she 
had taken her son on a guided tour of her errogenous zones. The sticky 
cum of their last encounter was congealing over his groin, stomach and 
thighs. Heather took the washcloth and dipped it into the bowl of water. 
She wrung it out and began gently scrubbing up the mess on her son's 
body.

Kevin immediately woke up, as she knew he would. "Mom?" he said, softly.

"Yes, honey," she replied quietly, "I'm just cleaning you up a little." 
But Kevin's cock stirred underneath her persistent ministrations, which 
she continued long after he was clean. Soon he was fully hard again. 
"Ahh, youth," Heather thought, and then again, "Ah, YOUTH" with a 
hungrier cast to her eye.

Kevin lay there quietly with his hands behind his head, gazing at his 
beautiful mother. He noticed she was back into a robe, different from 
the last one: more lacy, less utilitarian. But he did not comment. 
Rather, he just watched and waited, a little expectantly.

"Are you convinced now that I'm not mad at you?" she asked him quietly, 
not looking away from her task.

"Yes," he said, in the same gentle tone.

"Are you happy about the things that we've done together?" she asked.

"Yes."

"Are you comfortable with what we've done?"

"Ye-es," he said, but with a touch of hesitation.

"Well, you should be, there's nothing wrong with it. When two people 
love each other, they should enjoy making each other feel good. Do you 
want to stop?"

"No!" he said quickly.

"So you want to continue? Because if you don't we can stop. Any time you 
say, honey, we can stop."

"Oh, no, Mom," Kevin insisted, "I don't want to stop. I love you."

"I love you, too," she said. All this time, Heather had concentrated on 
cleaning him, although he had been clean a while ago. Now she stopped, 
looked her son straight in the eye and said, "Do you want to do more?"

Without hesitation, Kevin answered, "Oh, yes, much more. Mom, I want to 
do everything with you."

"Okay, honey," she said. Without another word, she took another 
washcloth and dried him off. Then she put washcloths and bowl aside, 
stood up, and took off her robe. If he had not already been hard, 
Kevin's cock would have jumped instantly to attention. As it was, it 
nearly leapt off his body at the sexy sight of his mother. For a brief 
second, Heather stood proudly as her son's wide-eyed admiring gaze took 
her in. Her nipples poked out above the half-bra, her flat stomach and 
sleek legs both seemed to point like road signs to the triangle hidden 
beneath the panties. Kevin gasped in admiration.

Heather sank down on the bed next to her naked son. Taking him into her 
arms, she kissed him, deeply, passionately, lovingly. Instinctively, 
Kevin wrapped his tongue around his mother's as she thrust it into his 
mouth. Her heavy breasts mashed against his chest, molding themselves to 
conform to the curves in both their bodies. Like small daggers of flint, 
however, Heather's nipples dug into her son's flesh. Despite all that 
had gone before, the nudity, the masturbation, the orgasms, this kiss 
was the most erotic thing that had happend to either of them. Dimly they 
felt their bodies nestling deeply into one another, but for the moment, 
the kiss was all.

Kevin's hands began to traverse his mother's body. Beginning at her 
shoulders, they lightly travelled up and down her back. After a bit, he 
moved them down and began to rub her ass through her panties. More and 
more insistently he rubbed, as their kiss continued and got hotter. In 
fact, the deeper the kiss, the harder he rubbed and kneaded, and the 
more he did that, the hotter Heather got, until she was undulating her 
entire body against his in unconstrained passion.

Kevin's hands found the bows at her hips and instinctively knew what 
they were for. Soon, his hands were rubbing her bare ass cheeks and the 
front of her panties was sliding back and forth over their genitals. Its 
thin material was all that separated Heather's pussy from her son's 
cock, and it was rapidly becoming soaked as mother and son both exuded 
their natural lubrications.

Finally, with a groan, Heather broke the kiss and lifted herself up. 
"Oh, honey," she gasped, "I've just GOT to have you." With that she 
reached down and snatched away the flimsy panties. Now Kevin's cock lay 
nestled between his mother's slick pussy lips. Heather ground her pussy 
against that long thin cock, rubbing its whole length between her 
inflamed labia, as she supported herself with her hands pressed against 
her son's shoulders. Kevin, for his part, took loving nips at her 
breasts as they swayed between them. Finally, he just grabbed them with 
his hands and pressed his lips feverishly around the engorged nipples.

Heather moaned and tossed her head back, her long black hair whipping 
back to fall down her back. But as she lowered her head again, it 
cascaded over her shoulders, down her breasts and into her son's face. 
For some reason this sensation was extremely erotic to Kevin, and he 
bucked his hips involuntarily under her. As Heather bounced slightly 
into the air and came back down, she realized that *the* moment had 
arrived. 

She sat up a bit straighter, and Kevin whimpered slighlty as her breast 
tugged free of his mouth. She then got up on her knees and reached down. 
Her hand encircled Kevin's cock, and she shuddered at the now-familiar 
feel of it in her grasp. She pulled it up slightly, then had to 
reposition herself as she realized that there wasn't enough clearance 
between them for her to position it correctly. After an eternity of 
seconds, she had that flaring head positioned directly beneath her moist 
womanhood. Mother and son paused briefly, looking into each other's 
eyes. Simultaneously they whispered "I love you." Then she let her 
weight sink back down and slowly, lovingly, deliciously took her son's 
virginity.

+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Kevin's Story Chapter 7

 Soft, wet, warm, tight. 

Magical, mystical, emotional, powerful.

Incredible. 

Unbelievable.

Such was Kevin's return to his mother's womb.

He had always dreamed that sex would be great, but had thought of it as 
a physically superior form of masturbation. The emotional and mental 
aspects, however, were what was blowing his mind. Lust was great, but 
lust with Love, that was ... beyond.

Heather, for her part, had had lust with love, and lust without, so 
these were not new things to her. Right now, love was there but lust was 
dominating. Her hips whipped up and down smoothly, her pussy gripping 
that long thin cock. Waking from an almost-stupor, Kevin began 
responding, thrusting deep on her downstrokes, slapping his hips against 
hers as he kneaded her fleshy titmounds.

Then, on one particularly quick downstroke, she felt him bottom out, as 
his cockhead nudged her cervix. It wasn't painful, but the sensation was 
entirely new: NO ONE had ever reached so deep. It triggered another new 
feeling for her: a vaginal orgasm. It was deeper, somehow, than her 
other orgasms. Stronger but....buried. 

The effect on Kevin, however, was immense. He felt her vagina ripple 
like the ground in an earthquake as the shock-waves of orgasm ripped 
through his mother's groin. At that, he couldn't hold back any longer, 
and began to cum. Both Heather and Kevin were grunting deeply from the 
effects of their orgasms. His breath came out in low, hard gasps in time 
to each spurt from his cock. Each spurt was milked forth by a ripple in 
her pussy, so like a well-timed but badly oiled machine, they moaned, 
jerked and spasmed in unison.

Finally, Heather collapsed on her son's chest, kissing him again as her 
hair curtained around them. "I love you, baby," she breathed. "I love 
you, too, Mom," he said back. His cock, though softening, was still 
buried in her pussy. She could feel him shrinking inside her, but she 
hoped they were not done yet. "Can you go again?" she asked hungrily.

"Oh, yeah," he said eagerly.

With that she lifted her hips slowly off him, enjoying the feeling as 
his now- limp cock slipped from her hole, and examined his flaccid tool. 
"Hmm, this needs some work. It looks dead, but I'll bet I can 
resuscitate it."

Kevin's eyes bulged in wonderment. He thought he knew what was coming 
next, but it seemed too much to hope for. Too much? Hell, just seeing 
Mom naked seemed like too much 48 hours ago. Now he'd just... just... 
alright "fucked" is the term, he'd just fucked his mother. A mother-
fucker, that's what I am, he thought happily. And now it seemed....

Heather leaned closer with a hungry look in her eye. Kevin shivered 
deliciously as her warm breath panted from her parted lips and bathed 
his wet cock. Closer she moved, then closer still. Now her head was 
pillowed on his thighs, and she was holding his cum-covered cock in one 
hand, turning it this way and that, for all the world as if she were 
surveying a hot dog and wondering where to take the first bite.

Suddenly, in the space of a breath, Heather had engulfed her son's cock 
in her warm mouth. She bobbed her head, sucking him in, then pulled back 
while still applying suction, so that Kevin's cock was stretched from 
his groin while her tongue and lips caressed every inch of it. With him 
stretched like that, Heather looked like a bird trying to coax a worm 
out of the ground. But despite the incongruity of the image, Kevin felt 
life stir in him as the blood rushed back into his dick.

Before taking him into her mouth, Heather inhaled the musky scent of 
their mixed love juices, and immediately was overwhelmed with lust. 
Although she had never eaten another woman before, there were many times 
she had performed this same service for a lover and tasted her own 
juices. In fact, she often licked her vibrator clean after it had been 
inside her. So Heather was no stranger to the tangy mix which filled her 
mouth on the first suck. She loved it.

But within three head-bobs, her son's dick was clean as a whistle, and 
Heather started laving her saliva all over his hardening rod. As he came 
to full hardness, however, she felt him shift under her. She was vaguely 
disappointed that Kevin wanted to fuck so soon; she had decided to suck 
him off and drink his cum. But seconds later she realized that he wasn't 
ready to fuck, he was merely shifting around so that his head was 
opposite her crotch. He was going to eat her! 

She pulled her head back and swallowed a mouthful of saliva before 
saying, "Kevin, honey, Mommy's awfully messy, are you sure you want to 
do that?"

Kevin realized what she was referring to, but it didn't bother him. 
"It's only the same stuff you're licking off me, right?" he asked.

"Yes," she replied. Then gasped as he sunk his tongue between her pussy 
lips. 

"Mmmm," was all he said, then "This ain't half bad."

"Isn't," she replied dreamily, "Isn't half bad." Then returned to her 
own sucking. 

For several minutes only the sound of wet slurps, licks, gasps, and 
groans filled Kevin's darkened bedroom as mother and son sixty-nined. 
Heather marveled at the mature, caring attitude her son showwed as a 
lover. NO man she had ever been with would eat her out once he had come 
inside her, but many expected her to give them head after the first 
round to get them up for the second. She never faulted them for it, but 
was glad her son was different. Of course, he was like that about 
everything. Then her mind whirled as Kevin centered his ministrations on 
her clit.

Pulling back she encouraged him. "Oh, yes! Kevin, don't stop... Oh, you 
good boy. Unnnh! Oh you're soooo good at eating my pussy. Ohhh, YESSS! 
DO IT! Make, Make me.... Unnnh! Oh, yeah, yeah, oh OH OOOOHHHHH YOU'RE 
MAKING MOMMY CUMMMMMM!" and she exploded, seeing stars, hearing bells 
and cumming wildly. As she came down off her plateau, Kevin continued to 
lick her gently, cleaning all around her pussy without stimulating her 
too much. With a touch of pride Heather thought, "My son's a natural 
born pussy-eater."

"Thank you honey," she finally breathed, "now lay back and let Mommy do 
you."

Kevin reclined with his hands behind his head as before, only this time 
his head was pointed toward the foot of the bed. Heather drew up on her 
knees between his legs, and dropped her mouth back down on his spit-
covered shaft. She began a steady up and down motion, taking more of his 
cock deeper each time. Kevin urged her on.

"Yes, Mom, oh yeah. Oh, that feels great. Oh, pull your hair back, yeah 
that's good. Yeah, I wanna see you suck me. YEAH."

Heather had to keep pushing her hair back over her ears to allow her son 
to see what she was doing. Finally she flipped her long dark locks over 
to one side and turned her head slightly, giving him a three-quarter 
view while coincidentally applying some corkscrew suction to his rod. 
This elicited a louder moan than usual, so she continued that motion, 
twirling around and down each time. His slim young shaft was too long 
for her to get completely in her mouth, so as she stimulated his balls 
with one hand, she wrapped the other around the base of his cock and 
pumped him some more. Pretty soon she could feel him start to tense up 
and she knew his cum was imminent. She was determined to give him the 
maximum pleasure, so as she felt him begin to build, she opened her 
throat and bobbed her head down as far as possible, taking him deep into 
her gullet and massaging him there.

Kevin nearly leaped out of his skull at his mother's deep-throat action. 
The cum literally fleww from his rod and pumped directly down her 
throat. Heather jerked her head back involuntarily as a drwoning feeling 
over came her. She snorted quickly, trying to keep her son's dick in her 
mouth, but his young load bulged her cheeks out faster than she could 
swallow, and she had to pull back to catch her breath. Her hand kept 
pumping him however, and Kevin watched in amazement as spurt after spurt 
of his seed splashed off him mother's eye's and cheeks and hair and, as 
she pulled back, her pendulous tits.

Heather could not believe the amount of cum her son was shooting. When 
he finally stopped, she sat back on her haunches, then swallowed what 
she had in her mouth, then looked down at the gooey mess coating most of 
her upper body, then looked at her son. 

"You're a MESS," he said, then they both broke out in gales of laughter. 
It was true: pearl drops of cum hung suspended in her hair. Small 
trickles ran down her cheeks like tears. A trail dripped from her mouth, 
down her chin and onto a breast. Her chest was covered in his slimy goo, 
and both hands were drenched. "Oh, well," Heather laughed, "it's a shame 
to let this go to waste." She began licking her fingers, savoring every 
taste of her son's jism. Kevin got up from the bed as she grinned at him 
and said, "Mmmm, finger-lickin' good." 

Kevin smiled at her, but did not laugh. Instead, he retrieved the 
washcloth Heather had used to clean him earlier. The water in the bowl 
was cooler by now, but he rinsed the cloth, wrung it out and gently 
began to clean his mother off. 

In wonderment she stared at her son, so tenderly cleaning his lover off. 
He wiped her chest and tits, not in a sexual manner. He cleaned her face 
and arms, turning her and holding her almost exactly as she had cleaned 
him when giving him baths as a child. Finally, when she was no longer 
coated with her son's cum, he put down the washcloth, took her face in 
her hands and kissed her gently. "I love you, Mom. Thank you."

"Oh darling," she sobbed, "thank YOU." Then they lay together, holding 
each other tenderly as they fell asleep.

+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-

Kevin's Story Chapter 8

The rest of that Saturday passed normally and quickly. They both woke 
from their nap refreshed and happy. The air of tension which had 
permeated the house was replaced by one of relief and a kind of 
expectancy, as both Heather and Kevin looked forward to furthering their 
sexual relationship.

While Kevin cleaned the house a little that afternoon, Heather went 
shopping and brought home the makings for Kevin's favorite dinner: ribs 
and french fries. The two cooked dinner together, then ate it at the 
same table where they'd had their "date" the night before. Then they 
cuddled together and watched TV, as they had done on countless nights 
before, but with one not-so-subtle difference: both were naked. As the 
Saturday evening shows played out, mother and son idly stroked and 
cuddled each other. They would make out during commercials. It was only 
8:30 when Kevin said, "I'm tired, I think I'll go to bed now."

"Oh, you're right," Heather giggled, "It's way past MY bedtime." Then 
hand in hand they went upstairs. At the top of the stairs they faced one 
another. "Your place or mine?" Heather asked lighlty.

"How about your's?" Kevin suggested, "mine's a little small." And so 
they went to bed and made love, then fell asleep.

Sunday passed in much the same way, with mother and son fucking and 
sucking whenever they felt like it, moslty in the bedrooms or the den. 
They never put their clothes back on the rest of the weekend. At one 
point, Heather was standing at the kitchen sink doing dishes, wearing 
nothing but an apron. She looked out across the back yard into their 
neighbor's yard and saw Mr. McHenry mowing the lawn while Mrs. McH 
tended her flower garden. They were an older retired couple who at times 
had given Heather disapproving looks when she would dally in her back 
yard with some beau. "What would they think if they knew about me now?" 
she thought, then half-wished they could look over and see her naked. 
"I'll bet they'd both have a stroke."

Then she jumped as she felt Kevin wrap his hands around her and grab 
hold of her tits. He snaked his tongue into her ear. "Whatcha doin'?" he 
asked innocently.

"Waiting for some stud to come fuck me," she replied wickedly.

Kevin dropped a hand beneath the apron and noted that his mother was 
dripping with lust. "Your wish is my command," he said, then buckled his 
knees, grabbed his mom's hips, slipped forward and rose up again, 
impaling Heather from behind.

"Ohhh, KEVIN," she breathed. She bent over the sink as he started 
sliding in and out. Her tits dipped into the sudsy warm water before 
her, and the feeling was incredible. Then she straightened a little to 
create more friction on her son's pistoning cock. Kevin's hands returned 
to her tits, and mashed them all over, slipping all around the sudsy 
mounds. His palms slid freely over her nipples, hyper-exciting them. 
Heather flipped her hair back from her face, and caught sight of Mr. 
McHenry walking his grass clippings over to his compost heap. She knew 
he probably couldn't see her, but just being in an open line of sight to 
the neighbors while fucking her son gave her a delicious feeling of 
wickedness. Clamping down on her son's rod with her pussy muscles, she 
started to shake in orgasm. A few minutes later, Kevin fired another 
load up his Mom's pussy, then walked shakily over to the kitchen table 
and sat down. The strain of keeping his knees bent while fucking was a 
bit much for him. 

Heather came over and knelt before him to lick his rod clean. "You 
know," she said, "I think the McHenry's saw us." 

"What!" he said, alarmed, but his prick involuntarily started at the 
idea.

"Relax," she said, "I was just kidding." Then she kissed him turned to 
finish the dishes.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The next morning was tough on them both. Heather had to leave earlier 
than Kevin, and so was dressed and nearly ready to leave when he awoke. 
He came downstairs and sat on the couch, naked as was now usual, and 
hard as a rock.

Heather was putting on her second earring and heading for the foyer 
closet for her raincoat when she caught sight of her son sitting 
awkwardly on the couch. He looked a touch comical with his sleepy eyes, 
his tousled hair and a long slim hard-on poking up out of his lap. He 
looked like a lost, horny puppy. "Poor baby," she said, "Mommy's got to 
go to work."

"I know, I'll just *miss* you is all," he said, but with a little of the 
wicked gleam returning.

She walked over to kiss him good-bye, but as she bent over him, he ran a 
hand up under her skirt and cupped her pussy through her panties. 
Heather shivered in ecstasy, then made a quick decision. "Okay, ONE cum, 
and then it's off to school, do you understand, young man?"

"Yes ma'am," he grinned, trying to sound contrite but pleased beyond 
reason.

"Fine then, where do you want to deposit your load, in my hand, in my 
mouth or in my pussy?"

"Well, if I cum in your hand you'll have to wash them. And if you give 
me a blowjob your make-up will get ruined. Sooo..."

"Okay, fine," she said briskly, "you may fuck Mommy in her pussy." It 
was the first time all weekend that they had talked like this, as if he 
were a much younger child. But Heather really enjoyed it. She reached 
under her skirt and pulled down her panties. Leaving them around one 
ankle, she knelt on the couch, resting her forearms on one arm of the 
couch and facing away from her son.

Kevin got onto his knees behind his mother. It was an interesting view, 
as she was full clothed and wearing her London-style raincoat. The only 
incongruity was the frilly panties around one ankle. He lifted up the 
skirts of the coat and placed them on her back. Then he started to rub 
her stockinged legs.

"Hurry up, please," she called back in a businesslike manner, although 
the tremble in her voice betrayed her excitement. 

"Yes, ma'am," Kevin said, lifting her skirt and displaying her lovely 
round buttocks and pretty pussy. He knee-walked in, then placed one hand 
on her back to hold the coat and skirt out of the way. With the other 
hand he rubed the head of his cock between her pussy lips. They were 
dripping wet. With one long, slow push he sank his cock into his 
mother's pussy.

"Ahhhhh," they both sighed.

Kevin grabbed hold of his mom's hips and began a quick steady stroke. 
Unable to act detached any longer, Heather reached a hand back and began 
to diddle her clit. She knew Kevin would cum quickly and wanted to be 
with him. But he was a bit too quick for her. With a final thrust and a 
long gasping sigh, he buried himself to the hilt and let his orgasm flow 
throbbingly into his mother's love hole. Then he quicky withdrew and sat 
back on the couch. "I'm done," he announced.

"I'm not," Heather panted, her fingers flying over her clit.

"But, Mom, you'll be late," Kevin teased.

"Then come on and help me," she growled.

Wordlessly, Kevin leaned over, stuck his face in his mom's ass, and 
shoved his tongue up her pussy.

"Gaaaaah," she cried, as her orgasm swept over her.

Kevin withdrew and she stood up, pulling up her panties and smoothing 
her skirt. "Okay," she said. "Fine," she said. "That's it. I've got to 
go."

"Bye," Kevin grinned, his shrinking cock flopping over on his thigh.

"I love you, honey," she said, then left for work.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

During the week they fell into a sort-of routine. Each morning she would 
take care of his hard-on. Sometimes still in bed, sometimes together in 
the shower, once she knelt on the kitchen floor and blew him while he 
ate his breakfast. They would spend the day dreaming about each other, 
then hurry home and get it on some more. They discovered after a burned 
supper on Monday that it was best to wait til after dinner to get too 
involved. Oddly enough, though their love- making was varied, they 
didn't get beyond oral sex and intercourse. Heather figured they should 
wait until the weekend to try new things, whne they had plenty of time 
(and energy).

Friday after soccer practice Kevin rushed home. He'd started skipping 
his after-practice showers because one thought of his mom made him hard 
as a rock, and that could get embarassing in a shower full of guys. 
Since it was Friday, he was looking forward to a long night, and 
weekend, of sex, because during the week they'd had to go to sleep 
earlier.

But when he got home, he was surprised to find his mother dressed. All 
week long the most she'd had on when he came in was oven mitts. "I'm 
sorry honey," she said, "I forgot I had invited the Foreman's over 
tonight." Two weeks before, Etta Foreman, a co-worker who was marrid to 
one of the staff MDs, had arranged this get-together so she could 
introduce Heather to her cousin, Lyle, who would be visiting. 

Kevin was extremely disappointed. He ran up to the shower and didn't 
even feel like masturbating. He came down in a little while to find 
Heather serving drinks to Jim and Etta Foreman, and Etta's Cousin Lyle. 
He politely said hello, then faded from the room.

A little later his mother called from the kitchen, "Kev, can you come 
here a minute? I need a hand."

As soon as the kitchen door swung shut behind him, Heather grabbed him 
and gave him a huge, tonsil-searching kiss. "Don't worry, honey," she 
whispered,"Lyle's a dweeb and Etta's a bore. Jim's a corpse, but I don't 
wonder with Etta gabbing like that. We'll feed 'em and get rid of 'em." 
Then she rubbed her hand down the front of his pants. "Then we'll take 
care of this."

This perked Kevin up considerably, to the point where he even went out 
and tried to socialize with the Foreman's: Nurse Gabby, Dr. Dead and 
Cuzzin Dweeb. All through dinner, his mother shot him meaningful 
glances, serious looks while she ran a stockinged foot up his leg under 
the table. The Foreman's were oblivious to the mother-son footsie that 
went on.

After dinner, however, as they had dessert in the den, Dead Jim shocked 
Kevin and Heather by waking up and saying. "Y'know, back when I was in 
'Nam..."

Kevin said, "Uh, I've got to study," and abruptly fled.

"Serious boy," Etta remarked, "to study on a Friday night. Go ahead, 
dear."

Within 20 minutes, however, Heather had had enough. Dr. Dead had 
launched into a monotonous recitation of his exploits, which apaprently 
Lyle the Dweeb had never heard before, because he asked many questions 
which sent Jim off on interminably dull tangents. "If you don't mind," 
she said, "I've got to finish dishes. No that's all right, keep going, 
I'll be right back." and she escaped to the kitchen.

As she pushed open the door, Kevin was seated right in front of her on 
the edge of the kitchen table, eating a slice of pie. He was already in 
his pajamas. Unable to help herself, Heather sat down in the chair in 
front of him, fished out his cock and began blowing him.

"Hey, great, are the Foreman's gone?"

"No," she said around a mouthful of cock.

"What?" he cried.

"Don't worry," she said, "they think I'm doing dishes."

"I did them already," Kevin said.

"Great, then I'll do you, instead."

Kevin thrilled to the idea of fooling around with his mom while two 
rooms away the guests suspected nothing. Heather did too, it was a 
logical extension of her thoughts about the Mchenry's last Sunday. It 
was always that little idea of the forbidden and dangerous which 
tantalized her. She decided to really get daring.

She jumped up and said, "Get down."

Kevin hopped off the table and stood with his back to the door, his cock 
wagging out of his pajama bottoms, as his mother quickly shucked her 
panties and tossed them into a cabinet. "Okay," she said, "put that 
chair there. You stand there between the chair and the table. If anyone 
tries to open the door, it will push the chair into you and stop. Sit 
down and act like you've been sitting there the whole time. In the 
meantime," she hopped on the table, lifted her skirt and spread her 
legs, "come fuck your mom."

Kevin grinned as he follwed her instructions to the letter. Within 
seconds the tableaux was set and Heather's ankles were locked behind her 
son's back. She gripped his shoulders and leaned back as Kevin, his 
hands on her waist, pumped steadily in and out. Over their quiet grunts 
and sighs they could occaisionally hear the Foreman's two rooms away. 
Once the guests erupted in laughter, and Heather's pussy constricted 
around Kevin's cock. After a few minutes, Kevin felt his balls start to 
churn. "Gonna cum," he grunted.

"Me, too," Heather said, biting her lip. Seconds later, mother and son 
both came as his molten white fluid poured into her spasming matronly 
twat. Then Heather lay back on the table, exhausted, as Kevin flopped on 
top of her.

"I could go again," she said.

"Me too, Mom."

"Wait here, I've got an idea."

Heather walked back into the den and Dr. Foreman paused as they all 
looked up at her. Feigning a concerned look she said, "I'm sorry, but I 
have to call it a night. Kevin's got a terrible head-ache and I need to 
take care of him."

"Poor fella," Dr. Foreman said solicitously, "I hope he'll be okay."

Heather felt a twinge of guilt, but only a twinge as she said, "Thank 
you for your concern."

As they were leaving Etta remarked, "Comes of studying too much on a 
Friday night."

"Yes, but he's learning SO MUCH," Heather dead-panned, then froze as she 
felt a trickle of her son's sperm leak down her leg toward the hem of 
her skirt.

"Are you alright, dear?"

"Oh, fine, I just feel a little headache coming on myself. Goodnight." 
she hustled them out the door, then fell against it laughing quietly 
after it shut behind them.

"Mommmeee," Kevin called fron the other room, "I've got a HEAD-ache." 
Then they both dissolved in gales of laughter.

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

Later that evening, Heather lay between Kevin's legs and was nursing his 
hard-on back after they had fucked again. She decided to try a little 
something *different*.

"Are you up for a new sensation?" she asked her son.

"I'm up for anything," he returned.

"Okay, scoot your ass down here and hang your legs off the bed."

Kevin complied, and Heather knelt between his feet. She resumed sucking 
him off, using extra saliva.

"That's great, Mom," Kevin said, "but apart from the blood rushing to my 
feet I don't feel anything new." "Okay, wiseguy," she said, lifting her 
head and fisting his slick cock, "What was the first thing about me that 
turned you on?"

"Oh, jeez, that was so long ago,...OW, stop squeezing... okay, okay. It 
was your titties."

Heather lifted her heavy tits one in each hand and mashed them together 
around her son's cock. Massaging them up and down she said, "How do you 
like fucking Mommy's titties, son?"

"Ohhhh," was all the answer she got.

So she kept right on going, slowly massaging her tits up and down his 
rod. After a while she said "Can you cum like this?"

"I think so," he said.

"Let's try it another way," she said. Then she hopped up on the bed and 
lay down next to him. "Come here and straddle me. That's it."

Kevin quickly got the idea and lay his rod between her massive tits. 
Heather pushed them together from the sides and Kevin started fucking 
into the natural tunnel her cleavage made. As his long prick poked 
through near her chin, Heather lifted her head and began sucking the tip 
on every stroke. She couldn't get her mouth around it quickly enough 
without scraping her son's sensitive skin with her teeth, so she settled 
on wetting her lips and making them into an 'O'. Kevin caught on and 
began aiming the head of his cock for that moist 'O' and was rewarded 
with the sensation of plowing through tits, then air, then lips with his 
enflamed glans.

Pretty soon, however, he picked up the pace and started to ignore her 
mouth, instead pushing his cock into her tits with short, quick strokes. 
His flowing precum kept him lubricated enough to quicken the pace. 
Heather urged him on, "Oh, yesss, baby, fuck mommy's titties. Fuck 'em 
hard. Fuck 'em fast. Oh, your mommy loves your big hot cock. Shoot that 
jizz all over my tits... shoot your cum in mommy's face....Yess..."

And with a grunt, Kevin complied. His jism splashed all over her chest, 
between her heaving tits, against her chin, over her lips and 
face....everywhere. As he slidback down her body to lay between her 
legs, his mother hefted one cum-coated tit to her lips and began sucking 
it frantially. Kevin began to apply finger stimulation to her pulsing 
twat, as he lowered his face to her other tit and licked and sucked his 
own cum from it. This made Heather hotter than ever, and mother and son 
both licked his jizz from everywhere they could reach. Finally, Kevin 
droppd his lips to hers and gave her a deep kiss. Heather felt him 
trickle a load of his own cum from his mouth into hers, just as ehe hit 
her clit. The ensuing orgasm shook the whole bed ash she nearly flipped 
her son off her in the ferocity of her cum.

As they both drifted to sleep, Heather thought, "What an incredible 
lover."

* * * * * * * * * * * * * *

The next morning, Kevin woke to find his mother gone. A note on the 
fridge said she got called in to work, so she had to leave quickly. 
Kevin was almost mad about misssing his morning cum, but then he 
remembered just exactly how much hs mother had given of herself to him, 
and he couldn't be upset.

Instead, as the morning ran on, he decided to do something noce for her. 
So he fixed a quick lunch of leftover roastbeef sandwhiches, and caught 
the bus for the hospital.

Once there, he headed up to Heather's floor and began to look for her. 
At the ward desk he found out she was down the hall, medicating a 
patient. He found her applying the hypodermic to a man's IV. The man 
seemed asleep, but his breathing was labored. As the shot took effect, 
though, his breathing smoothed and deepened.

"Hi honey," she said when she looked up and saw him there.

"Is he okay?" Kevin asked.

"Well, he's in a lot of pain from some broken bones, but nothing life- 
threatening. The morphine we just gave him should knock him out for a 
couple of hours. What brings you here?"

"I brought you lunch," he said, holding up the bag.

"Great, hold on a sec." Heather picked up the phone and called the desk, 
"Sal, I'm going on break to have lunch with my son, okay? Thanks."

"Where should we go?" Kevin asked.

"How 'bout right here? Mr. Jacobs is out for at least two hours. We 
could sit on the edge of this other bed and look out the window."

"Cool," he said.

So Heather pulled the curtain between the beds and they shared their 
sandwiches. As they finished up and were stuffing the scraps back into 
the bag, Heather said, "Well, that took all of ten minutes. What should 
we do with the rest of the hour?" She'd meant it as a rhetorical 
question, but the same thought struck them both at the same time.

"Uh, I missed you this morning," Kevin said.

"Uh, I missed you, too, honey. Did my little darling wake up all nasty 
and hard."

"Oh, very hard, and there was no Mommy to make it go away." They had 
fallen back into that speech pattern, which excited them both.

"And what did you do to make it go away."

"Nothing, it's still here."

"Well, we had better do something about it before Mommy's little boy 
bursts."

Kevin stood up and unzipped his pants. He had to open the waist band, 
too, just to get his legthening rod out, but he had no underwear on. For 
her part, Heather opened the top few buttons of her uniform and pulled 
her bra beneath her tits, which pushed them together and up and out. 
Then she shucked her panties and stuffed them in the pocket of her 
cardigan.

"Come here," she breathed, "let Nurse Mommy make that swelling go away." 
And she sucked Kevin into her mouth. Kevin let his pants drop around his 
ankles as he put his hands on his mother's head, guiding it back and 
forth as she sucked him off.

Heather's hands grabbed hold of her son's ass as she stuffed him into 
her mouth. She kneaded and rubbed his taut butt cheeks while she sucked. 
Then, she dropped one of her hands between his legs and caressed his 
balls. The other continued to knead his young ass. Suddenly she recalled 
certain details taught to her by one of her lovers, and decided to try 
it on Kevin.

With his head back and his eyes closed, rocking back and forth, Kevin 
was lost in the feeling of his mom's eager mouth around his hot dick. He 
wanted to cum soon so he could eat her pussy and then perhaps fuck 
before her hour was up. Meanwhile, she was doing great things with her 
hands as well. Suddenly, her hand behind him slipped a little and 
tickled his asshole. He jerked forward a bit, almost gagging his mom, 
but the index finger persisted. Actually, once he got used to the idea, 
it felt kind of good. He pushed back against it a little, when suddenly 
it disappeared.

Just as suddenly, it reappeared between his legs, brushing past his 
balls, where it could get a better angle. Kevin pushed against it again, 
and suddenly it had slipped past his sphincter. It didn't go deep at 
first, it just sat there, letting Kevin get used to the feeling. 
Instead, Heather intensified her sucking on the front end. As Kevin got 
used to the finger up his ass, he relaxed and got back into the groove 
of the blowjob. This allowed the finger to penetrate further and 
further. Kevin really started to get worked up, and soon he could feel 
the cum gathering in his nuts. Just as he hit the brink, that finger got 
all the way in and Heather tickled her son's prostate. With a loud 
groan, Kevin jammed his cock deep down his mom's throat and came like 
crazy.

Heather had expected just such a reaction and was prepared. As Kevin had 
the hottest cum of the week, his mother calmly gulped and swallowed. 
Finally, when he was spent, she removed her finger and dropped his 
softening rod from her mouth.

Kevin sank to his knees with a groan. Heather lifted his chin and kissed 
him, letting a little of his cum trickle into his mouth. Kevin shivered 
deliciously, then kissed her back, hard. He kissed her repeatedly on the 
lips and face, then her neck, finally dropping his attention to her 
tits. He licked and sucked and tongued the nipples, meanwhile sending 
his hands down to spread his mom's thighs and began working on her 
pussy. Finally he lifted her legs over his shoulder, and as she sighed 
tremulously, dropped his mouth to her twat.

Slowly and easily, at almost a leisurely pace, Kevin worked his tongue 
up and down her slit, between the lips slightly, then out. Heather 
leaned back on one elbow, keeping one hand wrapped up in her son's hair, 
holding him close to her mound. Not that she needed to, because Kevin 
was a glutton when it came to eating pussy, or rather a gourmet.

Every so often he'd flick her clit, causing her to jerk lightly. He also 
began to range further afield in his licking until before Heather even 
noticed, her son was licking her asshole as well. In a little bit, 
however, he concentrated exclusively on her pussy, much to her 
disappointment.

That disappointment was short-lived, however, as hi own index finger 
soon replaced his tongue at her back door. In much the same fashion as 
she had done to him, Kevin intensified his licking of his mother's twat 
as he slipped his finger into her rectum.

What he didn't know was that women don't have a prostate like men do. 
Nevertheless, Heather enjoyed the feeling of having her ass full of her 
son's digit. In the past, several lovers had tried anal sex with her, 
and while the manual part was always fun and stimulating, their cocks 
had been a bit too thich for comfort. Too thick. If only their cocks 
were thiner... Suddenly, Kevin shoved his finger deep and attacked her 
clit with lips, tongue and teeth. Startled, Heather was surprised into a 
very hard, fast orgasm. The quickness of it left her wanting much more, 
however.

"Are you hard again?" she whispered.

"Like iron," he replied.

"Good, hold on," Heather ducked around the curtain to check on Jacobs. 
"He's deeply out, she said. Then she hit the controls to raise the level 
of the bed. Kevin noticed that she had a tube of toothpaste in her hand. 
Toothpaste?

Noticing his look, Heather said, "It's petroleum jelly. There's a tube 
of it in every nightstand." She quickly squirted some in her palm and 
began jacking his cock with it. 

"Mom," he whispered, "aren't we past the jack-off stage?"

"Don't *you* be a jack-off," she said, coating his cock liberally with 
goo. Then she turned around and leaned over the raised bed. "Okay, 
honey," she said, "fuck Mommy in the ass."

"All-RIGHT," Kevin said, "this looks like fun." Without further ado, he 
pressed the head of his cock against his mom's sphincter and began to 
push in.

"Easy, slowly," she gasped. "We can do this, but it has to be slow."

Following her instructions, easing in when she said go, waiting when she 
said stop, Kevin soon had most of his cock embedded up his mother's ass. 
As she suspected, the full feeling was not uncomfortable, her son's 
skinny cock going places that other men's cocks had been too big to get. 
As he started a slow, in- out movement, she felt no pain, but a deep 
different pleasure she'd never felt before, as if her pussy were being 
stimulated from insode out, back to front.

For his part, Kevin could not take the tightness of his mother's anal 
passage for very long. About five minutes into it he said, "M-Mom, I'm 
gonna cum s-soon."

"Okay, honey," she said, almost serenely, "you go right ahead." But she 
dropped her fingers to her clit to try to get there too. As Kevin slowly 
pumped into her ass, never varying his speed, she could feel her own 
climax coming on as well. Kevin beat her too it, but not by much. Still 
pumping slowly and steadily, he felt the cum pour from his dick in what 
felt like a steady stream. He gave a long sigh as it did so, almost as 
though relaxing from a tensed up posture.

Heather's climax was also long, deep and satisfying. She groaned in 
appreciation when she felt her son's spunk flooding her bowels, then 
trembeld and started cumming herself. As she came down a little while 
later, Kevin pulled his dick out of her ass, causing one last shiver of 
delight from his mom.

Minutes later, they were both fully dressed and Heather walked her son 
to the elevator. As they passed the desk, Sally asked Heather, "Did you 
give that morphine to Mr. Jacobs before you went to lunch?"

"Of course I did, why?"

"It's just that the patient next door buzzed a while ago and said that 
there was an awful lot of groaning coming from his room."

It was all mother and son could do to keep from cracking up on the spot. 
"I'll check on him right away," she said, "Bye' honey, thanks for 
brining me lunch."

"I'll see you at dinner," he said, as the elevator arrived. "I'll have a 
special *dessert* ready for you tonight."

"What a great kid," Sally marvelled as the elevator doors slid shut.

"He is that," Heather agreed, almost to herself, "he is that indeed."

 THE END!!!!!!!!!!!!!

+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+-+
