****************************************
MRDOUBLE DISCLAIMER:
I did not write this story.
I don't know who the author is.
****************************************

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

WARNING ... This story contains graphic descriptions of sex among
adults, pre-teens, & children, between adults, pre-teens, & children.  If you
find this offensive stop reading now.
 
This story is entirely fictional and any similarity between persons
and events depicted in it and actual persons and events is purely
coincidental.  The story is pure fantasy and none of the events
described herein are practiced, advocated or condoned by the author.

XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::




This is a fantasy about incest between two fifteen-year-old boys
and their twelve and thirteen-year old sisters.  The story is
erotic fiction.  It is based on a collage of fantasies and
experiences related to me by anonymous readers.  If this type of
fantasy offends you... read no further.


First Encounters of the Best Kind

Scott and I grew up together.  Literally.  We had lived in the same
town since we were old enough to remember, were in the same classes
through grade school, junior high and now high school.  We had a
lot of things in common;  we were both 15 - our birthdays were two
months apart.  We both had a younger sister -- mine was now 13; his
would be 13 a month later.

Scott and I did a lot of stuff together -- literally exploring our
smalltown universe for over a decade -- but it never included our
sisters.  Little sisters are always just there.  Nothing you notice
except when they got into your stuff or in some other little girl
way, cause you grief.  

But when Scott's sis turned twelve, something started to change. 
I started to notice her.  When I would jack off, there was always
a pair of her panties that I had stolen from the clothes hamper in
their bathroom that I would use to shoot my gooey teenage cum into.

Then I would sneak them back into the hamper next time I was there.

Whenever I looked at Cindy, I wondered if she was wearing a pair
of panties that at one time had held my semen.  After I had done
this quite a few times, I was almost sure that she was.  Too bad
they had been washed.  Nevertheless, the thought still aroused me.

Her panties, at least when I started doing this, were little-girl
style:  Cotton print, sometimes white, sometimes lace around the
brim.  Then, all of a sudden there were different ones -- these
were bikini style - still cotton - but a definite indicator that
Cindy was coming of age.  There is nothing that I would not do to
see her in a pair of those panties.


Cindy was blonde, her hair always cut in a precision straight line
across the bangs and the back, never a hair out of place.  Her big
brown eyes always cast a look of innocence and a hint of shyness. 
Scott, shared his sisters big brown eyes but had a matching dark
brown head of hair that gave him a very wholesome look.  You could
tell that Scott and Cindy were brother and sister at the first
glance, though.

One night when I stayed overnight at Scott's, it happened.  Cindy
and I noticed each other.  It was at the dinner table.  Scott was
talking to his mom and I had glanced across the table at Cindy. 
She looked at me, our glances locked for what seemed like minutes. 
We were both totally out of touch with our surroundings.  As l
looked into her eyes, my thoughts were of her panties.  Did she
know that between her legs, next to her smooth little mound, was
soft cotton that had once been soaked with my jism?  With my eyes
I told her.  Over and Over again.  It was almost as she was
understanding what I was thinking when our private telepathic
conversation was interrupted by her brothers question.

"What do you think, Steve?", he asked.  I had no idea what he was
talking about.  I had been isolated in a private sphere with his
sister, oblivious to anything going on around the table.  I noticed
that made a shy smile and then looked away upon hearing her
brothers voice.

Later, Cindy came into the TV room wearing her pajamas  -  a
flannel short gown that came down about mid thigh.  As she lay on
her stomach in front of the TV, I could get an occasional glance
of her panties which I instantly recognized as ones that I had cum
in more on more than one occasion.  Their mom had already gone to
bed, having finished her customary bottle of wine, and we were
staying up watching Nightmare on Elm Street.  I continued to get
brief, occasional glances of her panties as she would reposition
herself on the floor.  Sometimes I got a peek of inner thigh or of
smooth round buttocks protruding from beneath the leg band.  I
tried not to make myself obvious when I stole these peeks, unsure
of what Scott would do if he caught me eyeing up his sister.  But
that stopped becoming a problem when Scott got up to go to the
bathroom. 

And I guess it stopped being a problem for Cindy too.  Because what
had been all-too-brief, seemingly accidental peeks at her panties
had suddenly become a full spread.  Cindy had grabbed a big pillow
from the floor and positioned herself over it.  In doing so, her
pajamas scooted up just below her butt.  Her knees were bent
slightly as the pillow was under her stomach and I could see a full
view of her panties as they covered her butt.  I was in heaven. 
Just as I was sure that this exhibitionism was accidental and that
she had no idea she was arousing me tremendously, she changed
positions again, this time spreading her legs widely apart, now
giving me a complete view of her crotch.  Damn!  She had to know
what she was showing me, didn't she?

I could have sworn that I saw a wet spot where her crack was under
her panties.  Maybe she was aware of me and wanted to explore as
bad as I did.  How could I find out?  But as I contemplated the
question while still enjoying the view, she shifted again, this
time blocking my view completely.  Oh well, for the better, I
thought, because Scott entered the room a second later.  Shortly
after that, Cindy stood and announced that she would see us both
tomorrow.  In a way, I was relieved.  I needed to find a quiet
place to jack off and would have to wait for Scott to fall asleep
before that would be possible.

It seemed like it was hours before I had the courage to test
Scott's slumber, shaking him slightly, asking him if he were still
awake.  When I was convinced that he was not, I got out of bed,
dressed only in my jockey shorts and tee shirt, and quietly walked
to the bathroom that separated Scott's room from Cindy's.  I hoped
that there would be a fresh pair of her panties in the hamper as
I opened the door.  I was halfway in the bathroom before I realized
that Cindy was already in there, wearing only her panties and a
cotton bra-type top.  "Sorry!,"  I said starting to back out of the
bathroom.

"No, it's okay," she replied. "Is Scott asleep?" she asked me in
a whisper.  

I told her I was pretty sure that he was.  She checked, and
satisfied that he was in fact soundly sleeping, locked the bathroom
door from his side first, then hers.  It seemed like forever until
she said to me, "I know what you have been doing to my panties. 
Like, at first I was grossed out because I thought it was my
brother but then when I came into the bathroom just after you used
it the other day, and I figured it out."

She must have sensed my discomfort as she revealed my secret.  "But
like it is no big deal, you know.  I even have been wearing them
afterwards, when you did it in the clean ones out of my drawer,
just to see how it feels to have a guys stuff next to me all day." 
It didn't occur to me until later that I had never touched any
panties from her drawer, just her hamper.

We talked a little, my dick got tremendously stiff.  She admitted
to teasing me earlier.  I asked if she was a virgin and she said
that she was, 'kinda'.  "Shit," I thought.  I asked if she would
like to "do some stuff" with me and she said that she was not ready
to go all the way yet but that she would like for me to cum in her
panties... while she wore them.  I thought I would shoot off right
there.

But then we had to figure out how we were going to accomplish this.
We couldn't go in her bedroom in case her mom happened to come in
for some reason.  But if we were in the bathroom and heard her mom
enter the bedroom, I could always go out the other door into
Scott's room and she would never know.

Cindy sat up on the vanity directly across from the commode. 
"Well,"  she asked me, "you better start doing it before tomorrow
gets here already."

The moment of truth.  Was I horny enough to drop my shorts in front
of a twelve-year old girl and start jacking off while she watched? 
It seemed kinda perverse, but my cock was stiffer than it had ever
been and this was the closest I had ever been to realizing my
fantasy of doing it with my best friend's little sister.  I slipped
my hands under either side of the wasteband and dropped the shorts
to the floor, stepping out of them.  With one hand I began to
slowly stroke the length of my cock.  I took the other and reached
for Cindy's panties, ready to help her out of them.  She pulled
away.

"I am not ready for that yet," she told me.  I asked her how I was
supposed to cum in her panties if she wouldn't let me touch them
and she said that when I was ready to cum, she would pull them out
and then let me shoot in them.  She explained again that she was
not ready to go all the way and was not going to take a chance on
something happening, not just yet.  I didn't want to blow it so I
backed off a little.  But standing and jacking off and watching
myself and my panty clad little friend in the mirror was making me
go soft.  She noticed, watching my cock intently.

"I am making you nervous, right?", She asked.

"Embarrassed is more like it," I responded.  "Maybe if I could see
your pussy while I do this, it would go better."

"Okay, sit over there," she said, nodding toward the toilet.  I did
as I was told, my cock regaining it's rigidity  in anticipation of
viewing the little girl's slit.'  Once again, as I sat on the
commode, I started to stroke my cock.  Cindy leaned back against
the mirror, reached underneath the leg band of her panties and
pulled the crotch from one side to the other exposing her hairless
slit.  It was beautiful.  She continued to pull her panties across
and up so that now I could see the tuft of soft blonde down that
slightly graced the top of her pussy.

Holding the panties out of the way with her left hand, she spread
her legs.  My God, I could see pink.  The inside of her slit
glistened.  And there it was:  the tiny bud of her clitoris above
the little hole that was the gateway to her canal.

Braver now, and less inhibited, I reached between my legs and
started to rub my balls with my other hand, just like I did when
I jacked off alone.  She asked me what I thought about when I did
that.  I told her that as of late, it had been her, just like she
was, naked or in panties.  She had started to massage the bud above
her hole while she watched me.

I asked her what she would have done if it had been her brother
that had been cumming in her panties and she said, "Oh probably
nothing." She explained that it was just kind of inconvenient
having her clean panties soiled too (realizing once again then that
I had not been doing anything to her clean panties).  She told me
how she had spied on her brother in the changing room by their
swimming pool and had peeped through a crack in the blinds to watch
him jack off.  She said that she was frustrated because just before
he came, he turned and shot his wad into a pair of jockey shorts. 
She had really wanted to see what it looked like when he squirted
but she only got to see his butt twitch as he got off.

And how she one time got naked and masturbated in her room while
she knew her brother was watching through the partially open door. 
He didn't know she was intentionally putting on a show for him. 
I asked her why, if she was not wanting to do anything with him and
she explained that it made her excited knowing someone was watching
and that he couldn't do anything anyway because their mom was up
at the time so she felt safe.

I felt myself nearing an explosion as I watched her manipulate
herself.  She must have sensed it from watching me because she
suddenly stood, her legs now together at the knees but her feet
wide apart, her knees bent forward as she leaned over me on the
commode.  She braced herself on the tank with one arm and with the
other on her front wasteband, held her panties away from her body
and down slightly.  I now had a close-up aerial view of her little
mound.

"Just do it in there when you're ready.  Soak it all you want. 
But don't try and put it in or anything,"  she cautioned me, as if
in hesitant afterthought.  "And I want to see it when you squirt!" 
   
"Here it is!" I said, breaking the near whisper that we had been
talking in previously, trying to catch my breath.  The first gush
hit off course directly in her navel, immediately cascading down
her stomach toward the patch of hair above her cunt.  As I
corrected my aim, the second intercepted the first wad on its way
down right at about where her sprouting patch of fur started. 
Then, as my cock gushed uncontrollably, I half stood and guided it
closer to her slit.  I am not sure if she leaned forward or I stood
up, but my cock actually touched her crack, the head burrowing
slightly between her hairless little cunt lips as it continued to
spew sperm.  
     
As my warm semen squirted into her crack, her legs parted at the
knees.  My cock slipped in it's own fluid slowly down her crack. 
I felt her hole and the head of my dick stopped right over it.  I
could have driven it in if I wanted to, but I had promised her that
I wouldn't and I didn't want to mess things up at this point.  I
looked her directly in the eye as my last few gushes of sperm
squirted directly into Cindy's cunt! I held it there until it was
done.

Cindy stood up straight and let her panties go back into position. 
They were dark with wetness all through the crotch and front --
glistening in spots with my cum.  She sat back on the sink and
spread her legs wide in front of me at about my eye level.  Pulling
the crotch of her panties to one side, she inserted the tip of her
index finger about half the way into the gooey passage while she
vigorously massaged her clit with the other.  As she fingered her
hole, the jism that I had shot up into her was oozing out and
running down the crack of her ass.

It took but a few minutes until she started to spasm -- her little
body shook uncontrollably as she fingered her hole.  In a sudden
wave of bravery, I stood between her legs and positioned my cock
directly against her wet little slit.  She removed the finger that
was in her hole and held her legs wide open, the crotch of her
panties still gathered up in one, held off to one side, while she
supported herself on the sink with the other.  I placed my cock
over her hole but didn't push, I waited. Would she change her mind
and go all the way?

She allowed herself to slip forward ever so slightly, my cock
finding a smooth entrance into her well lubricated cunt.  She
stopped just as the head was about to clear the opening and bury
itself in her little girl pleasure.  "Please be gentle.  If it
starts to hurt, stop." she said, looking me once again directly in
the eye.  I responded with a slight, steady pressure that resulted
in a small "pop" as the head of my cock slipped past the ring of
the entrance to her canal.  I held it there.  I couldn't believe
how hard it was just to catch my breath to talk.

"Have you ever done this before?" I asked.

"Yes." she answered, "but it wasn't very nice.  The guy was real
pushy and it hurt."

I pushed a little more and my cock, it's head now fully engulfed
in her very tight passage, managed to sink in another half inch. 
Somehow, instinctively, I knew that I was supposed to be pumping
her.  I wasn't at the point where I could pump yet, I was just
trying to get it in so that it didn't hurt her and I was sure that
once things were "settled", there would be plenty of time for
action.  Also, there was her brother in the next room -- a scream
or even a cry of pain may cause an untold reaction.  So we talked.
That's right -- talked!  As she sat on the vanity with her legs
spread and my cock about a quarter of the way into her cum-
lubricated cunt, we held a conversation!

She told me about the first attempt that had been so painful.  The
place was bad -- the back seat of a car behind the bowling alley
where everyone hung out -- the guy, a 19 year old jock from the
local junior college, was in a big hurry to claim his prize.  All
she had really wanted to do when they started was jack him off but
things got out of hand, so to speak, and she ended up with an 85
pound body trying to resist 185 pounds of jock.  The boy ended up
cumming only seconds after his enormous cock ravaged her virgin
hole.  She didn't even get to accomplish what she had really set
out to do... watch him cum.

I told her that I had never even seen a girl naked before except
a few real brief glimpses of my sister a long time ago.  I told her
how I jacked off in her panties and even took a pair home with me
and did it there too.    

"Like, if you got the chance, would you do it with your sister?"

"I don't think my sister would do it with me -- or anyone, for that
matter." I replied.

"She did it with Scott last week when she stayed over with me." 
She said, in an informative tone, like a little girl tattling. 
She thought that I was asleep but I listened to the whole thing
through the bathroom door.

I felt the blood rush to my head.  My sister, Susan, and Scott
actually fucking!  By now, My cock was over half way in and I was
starting to pump.  The conversation was getting us both hot and we
would have to stop frequently and catch our breath as we fucked.
She told me that Susan still didn't know that she knew and
described the details of the sound of the bed squeaking.  She was
sure that her mom would hear but she was, as usual, passed out
after having put away a bottle of wine.  That's why she didn't want
to do it in her room.  She even told of how she stayed up until
Susan was sound asleep and she raised her nightgown and parted her
panties to see if her brother had cum in her.  He had.  

"So, like what then, would you do it with Susan if you could?" she
persisted.

"Would you do it with Scott?" I returned.

"Well, if something had happened and you wouldn't have stayed over
tonight, I would have tried to get Scott to let me jack him off. 
Like, I even had an extra key to the bathroom door made so that I
could open it when he got really into doing it himself. That way
he wouldn't tell me no, he would be too horny.  I don't think I
would let him fuck me though.  Maybe I would.  It would depend. 
Like maybe I would after I did it with you and he did it with
Susan, we could trade.  I just don't want to be the first girl on
the block to fuck my own brother, you know?" she rambled. 

My cock was all the way into her now.  I wasn't pumping full
strokes, just short thrusts.  Her cunt was so tight around my cock
but it felt so warm and good.  And her talking while I was inside
her made it jiggle.

"Here, let me show you what I would do to my sister Susan if I had
the chance."  I slowly withdrew my cock from her cunt and stood her
up in front of the vanity.  With a hand on each side of her
panties, I pulled them over her hips.  They dropped to the floor
where she stepped out of them.  I started to lift the cotton bra
over her head and she stopped me.  "Susan probably let your brother
see her tits.  Hell, she went to bed with him and let him fuck her,
didn't she?"

She slipped the bra over her head by herself.  Her tits were pointy
little mounds.  Compared to the ones Scott and I had ogled in
girlie magazines, they were obviously in the early stages of
development.  I turned her around so that she faced the full
surrounding mirrors of the vanity.  She got the idea and stood with
her feet apart had her hands bracing herself on the sink.  I
entered her from behind.

The whole obscene show was visible in the mirror to both of us --
my cock slipping in and out of her slippery, wet, hairless little
cunt.  An occasional view of my balls as they swung against the
edge of the vanity when we got too close.  Her little pointy tits
as I let them squeeze between my fingers while I fucked her.  The
feel of her smooth soft little ass against my newly acquired pubic
hair.  A collage of sights and sensations and sights peppered with
phrases of our incestuous fantasies.

"I want to jack off Scott while Susan jacks you off!"  she
exclaimed.

"I'll fuck Susan right in front of you while your brother takes you
from behind like this.  By the way, it must have been him that
jacked off in your clean panties because I only used the ones in
the hamper."

She sort of froze for a second.  "Really?" she asked, almost as if
doubting herself as much as what I was telling her.  "He's been
doing it in my panties too? OOOHHHhhhhhhh......"  She started the
spasms again that had shook her little body earlier when she
masturbated in front of me.  Her cunt tightened around my cock and
I started once again to pump -- long, full strokes that drove the
head of my teenage member against the rear wall of the little
girl's cunt.  Her feet were now wide apart and far back from the
vanity.  Her upper body was almost horizontal, her little titties
pointing straight down as she braced herself with her arms.  My
hands were on her waist where I now slid her up and down on my
cock.

I erupted in her sending stream after stream of hot teenage cum
deep into her.  Even as I looked in the mirror and saw Scott
peeking through the partially open door, I continued to squirt into
the girl.  She saw him too, but stopped twisting her rump only when
my cock started going soft and would miss it's mark, slipping up
the front of her crack, on every other stroke.

"Nice talk!" Scott said with a smile after he knew from the eye
contact that we had both seen him.  Cindy, still out of breath,
turned and reached for her bra top, ignoring the globs of jism that
were squishing out of her cunt as she stood and dripped down her
leg.  "Guess this makes us even as far as sister-fucking goes, eh?"

I sensed that there was no problem -- this was the first major
experience that Scott and I hadn't shared as long as we knew each
other.  But now that the proverbial cat was out of the bag, there
was no tension.  Even Cindy felt it and turned and sat on the
vanity without even bothering to pick up her panties.  But she did
cover her tits... she was sensitive about those!

Scott stood before his sister, clad only in his jockey shorts,
unlike me who was still wearing a tee shirt.  "Are you serious
about doing it with me?" he asked her.

"First, I want you to jack off in front of Steve and me," she said,
"after all, you watched us do it for real.  You will talk about 
what you did with Susan.  Then we will see if I am horny enough to
let you squirt it up inside of me."

Scott was soon completely naked, sitting on the toilet.  Cindy sat
on the vanity with her legs apart, an occasional globule of cum
seeping from her cunt.  I sat on the side of the bathtub, feeling
myself up as Scott described fucking my sister.  It was her idea. 
She caught him jacking off at our house with her panties in our
bathroom.  I was out in the pool at the time and wondered why Scott
was in the bathroom for so long... she was jacking him off.  They
didn't chance fucking then but she had begged Cindy to invite her
over for the night the next weekend (which, incidentally, had made
Cindy suspicious).

As Scott talked, I tried hard to picture Susan jacking him off and
later going to bed with him.  I decided then and there that I was
going to fuck my sister too, just like Scott was going to fuck his.

Then he started a faster, even beat of stroking up and down on his
cock which I knew from experience meant he was going to cum.  Cindy
hopped down from the vanity and straddled him as the first wad shot
high into the air splattering all over her flat stomach.  As it
dripped obscenely down her belly, another wad hit her crack and
instantly started to form a long, thick drop reaching downward but
not separating.  Then she lowered herself on her brother's cock and
started doing knee bends while he emptied himself into her.  

They looked into each other's eyes as they fucked, for a while,
lost in each other's thoughts.  Then I realized that I had brought
myself to the brink of orgasm.  I stood and looked for an
appropriate repository for my brewing jism  -- then I found it. 
Cindy was bent over her brother, his cock still moving in and out
of her hole like a piston.  The cheeks of her butt were spread and
her tight little asshole was exposed to my view.  I shot my wad
hitting her directly on target.  I watched as the cum dripped down
her crack and then down her brother's cock, splitting into two
streams at his balls and continuing down the inside of his thighs. 
He was forcing wads of it back up into her cunt with his strokes. 
She came once again, but only after sinking her tongue deep into
her brother's mouth.  They kissed until she climbed off.
  
It took a while for us all to realize what we had just experienced.
And the talk immediately turned to including Susan in our next
encounter.

--
