Archive-name: Family/kids02.mfo
Archive-author: Conure
Archive-title: Scott & Bethany - 2: Bethany's Friends


     The next morning I laid in bed and waited for Beth to wake up. 
I heard her get into the shower and went to her room to wait till
she got out.

     When she came out, she was wrapped only in a towel.

     "Hi!" she said coming out of the bathroom, "I've been waiting
for you.  Is Mom and Dad asleep?"

     I told her I was pretty sure that they were.  I looked at her
standing there wrapped in the towel and my dick got tremendously
stiff.

     She came over to me and knelt between my legs.  She gave me
those big blue eyes and said, "Scott, I want to see you cum in my
panties ... I'll wear them to the fair for you."  I thought I would
shoot off right there.

     I was more than happy to do what she wanted.

     Beth sat up on her desk directly across from the bed.  "Well," 
she said, "you better start doing it before Mom and Dad wake up and
walk in on us."

     I slipped my hands under either side of the waistband and
removed my shorts, stepping out of them and throwing them to the
floor.  I sat down on her bed and with one hand I began to slowly
stroke the length of my cock.  With the other, I reached for the
pair of panties Beth was holding out to me.

     I couldn't believe that I was sitting in front of my sister,
jerking off!  It was making me really horny!  She noticed, watching
my cock intently. "Am I making you hot big brother?"

     "I'm a little embarrassed, but it's making me hotter than
hell!  Maybe if I could see your pussy I'll get even hotter."

     She tilted her head to the right and smiled.  "Okay."  Beth
leaned back against the wall, grabbed the bottom of the towel and
pulled it over to one side, exposing her lightly tufted little
pussy.  She looked up at me, her eyes glowed with animal passion.

     "I like doing this for you Scott... It's turning me on!" Still
smiling, her breath quickening, she continued to open the towel, so
I could see from just below her firm lemon sized tits, showing me
her smooth and firm 14 year old tummy.

     Holding the towel out of the way with her hand, she slowly
spread her legs.  She reached down between her legs and started to
rub her clit.  Taking my eyes from her pussy I noticed she was
staring intently at my hard dick.

     "What do you think about when jerk off?" she asked.

     "I think about your naked body," I told her.

     This must have pleased her, she started to rub her twat
faster, "Oooooh, I feel like I'm gonna cum!"

     I realized that I was going to explode, and watching Beth
finger herself, it was amazing I didn't blow right then and there! 
Wanting badly to make this last as long as possible, I asked her
where she learned to masturbate.

     I was surprised that she was so willing to tell me about her
first orgasm. She was over at her friend Jenna's house.  They were
both thirteen.  They were hanging out in their cut off jeans and T-
shirts watching videos.  When the first one finished, Jenna looked
through one of the cabinets of video tapes Jenna's father had.  She
picked one which said "SKIN FLICKS" on it.

     "There was a woman and a man.  The man and woman were sitting
on the floor.  They were playing cards.  And every time someone
lost, the loser took off a piece of clothing.  They weren't wearing
a lot in the first place, so it wasn't long till they were both
naked and fucking like mice!  Suddenly, another girl walked on
screen.  Jenna giggled, as the girls in the movie did a 69, Beth
said she was getting hot, she felt her panties starting to get wet. 
Then the guy returned and got sucked off.  The flick finished with
the guy fucking both of the girls while the girls exchanged french
kisses.  Jenna was no longer giggling, she was strangely silent."

     Beth's face was very flush now, she was rubbing her clit
harder, and I noticed she was beginning to dip the tip of her
fingers into her tiny wet hole, biting her lower lip.

     Then she continued, "I asked Jenna if she had a deck of cards
around.  I asked her if she wanted to make up a game.  She liked
the idea.  So we sat on the floor and decided to play poker, low
hand was the loser and had to remove a piece of clothing.  Jenna
dealt the first hand, and I lost.  I should have taken off just one
shoe, but Jenna and I decided that it would take way to long, so
for the first loser, shoes and socks counted as one item.  While we
were at it we decided to make the rest of the rules."

     Now I was incredibly hot, listening to this story and watching
Beth's lith body spasm, I prayed that it wasn't much longer because
I was going to blast!

     "So what happens when some one is naked?"  I asked.

     "We thought about it for a while, and then decided that the
loser had to remain naked.  So we continued to play. Soon, most of
my clothes were off of me and on the floor!  By the time I was down
to my panties and bra, Jenna only lost her T-shirt, shoes and
socks!

     "Even though we see each other naked every week in the shower
at school, something about the game made me incredibly excited.  So
when I took off my bra, I felt myself get even wetter!  I was
positive that Jenna must have seen that my panties were wet.  I
lost my panties and blushed as I slid them off.

     "Jenna made me stand naked on the coffee table in middle of
the room in front of her.  She got out her nightie.  She stood in
front of me, stripped down to her panties and bra, and got dressed. 
I stood there watching her, buck naked and embarrassed.  I was so
wet, I could feel it dripping down my thighs.  According to the
rules that we made, the loser has to stay naked all night, and had
to do what ever it took to please the winner.

     Beth was incredibly sexy now, her body trembling, her voice
becoming very deep and shaky, she continued, "Jenna popped another
X-rated tape into the VCR.  She told me 'Now, you get down on your
knees with your hands behind your head and watch the movie!  She
giggled at me as I knelt down onto the floor and stood erect on my
knees.  She sat down behind me on the couch, she MUST have seen my
juices running down my legs because she asked me to spread them
apart!  There I sat, the middle of the floor, Jenna behind me,
watching every move I made, and the sex stuff was making me even
more conscious of being naked.  This made my nipples get hard. 
Jenna said I was cute, which made me blush and she laughed at me!

     "We talked until into the wee hours of the morning.  We
decided to turn in, but I couldn't sleep.  I was thinking about
Jenna being naked in front of me.  I wondered if she would ever try
what the women had done in the flick.  I laid naked in my sleeping
bag and I rubbed my breasts and pussy, hoping that Jenna was asleep
and wouldn't notice.

     "So suddenly it startled me, Jenna was under the covers with
me!  'Can I?'  I didn't know what to say!  So we masturbated
together.  She laid on her side, pressing her chest against mine. 
I was surprised at the hardness of her nipple against my tits.  She
was breathing so heavily into my ear I moaned out loud!  She took
my hand, held it to her pussy and whispered 'touch me.'  I did, we
came almost immediately.  I gasped and Jenna planted her mouth onto
mine and we kissed while we recovered from our cumming."

     Not being able to stand it any longer, my balls spasmed and I
dumped my load into the cotton crotch of her panties.  She came
too, spasming and biting her lower lip, trying hard to muffle her
cries!

     When we finished, Beth stood and dropped the towel to the
floor , took the cum filled panties from me and put them on,
pushing the crotch deep between her wet pussy lips, making sure
that she got as much of my goo in her as possible.  We fell onto
the bed and I held her in my arms, her back to me and talked.  I
asked her if she ever showed anyone else her pussy.

     "One day at the mall with mom.  We were picking out bathing
suits.  Her friend is a sales person there, and she found one that
was really great, a Bikini that I knew was too small.  It would
barely cover my hair, and was all string with a thong!  Moms friend
looked at me sexily, and that made me want to try it anyway.  Mom
waited in the shop for me while I went into the changing room.  She
wanted me to model it for the sales lady  I was excited by the
thought, although a little shy.  I got into the hall of the
dressing rooms and closed the door.  There was a cleaning guy was
there.  He smiled at me.  I smiled back.  I saw he was checking out
my legs (since I had denim short-shorts on), so I took off my
sneakers right there in the hall, leaving me barefoot.  Picking up
my sneakers, I walked by him, never taking my eyes from his and
went to the last booth.  I looked out and saw he followed me..  He
just kept smiling at me.  We were all by ourselves in the changing
room.

     "His eyes got big and round behind his glasses.  He was
staring at my legs, looking me up and down, and acting kinda
nervous.  I unbuttoned my shorts and pushed them down my legs.  He
just kept staring at me like I was the only girl he might see naked
in the world."

     "I grabbed the bottom of my half shirt and pulled if over my
head.  Then, I reached down and pulled off my panties so that old
guy could just stare at my nakedness.  And boy did he!  He had a
raging hardon, because his pants were like a tent in the front."

     "I smiled at him, to let him know it was okay.  I finally bent
over and picked up the suit, afraid to delay any longer.  He pulled
his dick out of his zipper and started to jerk it.  Just about the
time I put the suit top on, he shot his load onto the carpet.  I
walked up to him, making sure to rub my feet in his jism and gave
him a peck on the check.  He hugged me and said 'Thank you, you're
a sweet girl.'"

     "Wow," I said, "That's great!  Do you like being naked in
front of people you don't know?"

     "I really like it if I feel like I'm being forced to do it. 
Yesterday when you tied me up gave me the best cum I ever had!

     It hit me right then, gramps was the one who taught me how to
masturbate!  Would he teach me how to make Bethany my slave-girl?

     "Did gramps ever fool around with you?"

     She turned her head and smiled at me, "I've seen him peeking
through the bathroom door when I shower over at his house..."

     WOW!  I thought to myself, fucking holy-A!  I didn't realize
how much of a perv my little sister was!  I couldn't wait to talk
to gramps!

--
