
                             Kim
                          Chapter 1
                              
The story of how I met Kim is fairly involved, but let me 
fill you in on the basics.  I race bicycles. I race in USCF 
(United States Cycling Federation) races and am a category 
two racer.  Now  that probably doesn't mean anything to you 
(there are only 30,000 licensed racers in the entire United 
States), but suffice it to say that in order to be 
competitive, I ride about 250 to 350 miles per week.  Most of 
those miles are ridden with my team, but many of them are by 
myself out in the middle of nowhere. I was out on one such 
ride on Saturday afternoon. I was riding down the little road 
when I came up on a little red Miyata parked alongside the 
road. I could see a woman standing by the car. Since this was 
out in the middle of nowhere, I decided to stop to see if 
anything was wrong. As I stopped, she turned around. Before 
my eyes was one of the most beautiful women I had ever seen.

"Is everything okay?", I asked.

"Yes, I was just enjoying the sun and the view.", she 
answered. I could tell by the way she answered and her look 
that she was shy and somewhat embarrassed.

 Being quite shy around women myself, I answered, "Well, 
okay. I just wanted to make sure you weren't having any 
trouble. See you later." and rode on, kicking myself for not 
having to guts to start up a conversation with her. 

After riding on about 15 minutes, I heard a car coming up the 
road behind me. I glanced over my shoulder and saw it was the 
red Miyata. As she passed, she waved and I started to wave 
back. At that moment, with only one hand on the handlebars, I 
hit a pothole or a large rock or something......

I vaguely remember riding in the Miyata, but I woke up in the 
emergency room. The doctor informed me that I had a serious 
concussion (I used to hate to wear a helmet), two broken ribs 
and a punctured lung. I won't go into details, but if you 
ever puncture your lung, prepare yourself for the most 
intense pain you've ever experienced. Anyway, after a couple 
of hours, I was finally in my room with a tube coming out of 
my chest wall and connected to something on the wall. I had 
been there for about 10 minutes when there was a knock at my 
door. 

 "Come in.", I grumbled and in walked Kim, the owner of the 
red Miyata. She is about 5' 4" tall, looked to weigh in at 
about 110 pounds. She was wearing a thick sweater and shorts, 
so the only thing I could tell for certain was that she had 
killer legs. Maybe it's the cyclist in me (notorious leg 
men), but I could of watched her calves all day long. The 
sweater hid the the details of the rest of her body, but it 
was definite that she was not flat chested.

Kim explained that she had stopped, loaded me in her car and 
taken me to the hospital were she worked. Yep, you guessed 
it, she's a nurse. She said she felt responsible for the 
accident. Well, to make a long story short (about time), we 
spent the next five days getting to know each other.  She 
would come see me a couple times a day. There was a definite 
mutual attraction.

I talked to her on the phone every day after I got out of the 
hospital, but didn't see her because I still felt like hell. 
About four days after I got out , I was pretty much back to 
normal. That night, I asked Kim to dinner and she said, "Why 
don't you let me make you dinner at my place. Then you can 
take it easy. We can watch a movie on the VCR or something. 
6:30 or so?". I told her that sounded great. 

I was on her doorstep and 6:30 sharp. When she opened the 
door, I finally got more than a hint of what her body was 
like. She had a form-fitting sundress on.  She was definitely 
endowed. Not huge, but definitely large. She also had a tiny 
waist. (I now know her measurements are 35C-21-33.)

After dinner, we settled down on the couch to snuggle and 
watch "A Fish Called Wanda". I didn't see much of the movie. 
We started kissing. It got more and more passionate and I 
started rubbing her back. She had the softest, smoothest skin 
I've ever touched.  As things progressed, I finally moved my 
hand around front and cupped her breast through her dress. 
Her kissing grew even more intense, so I reached around back 
and untied the top of her dress. She stopped kissing me, 
looked at me with her gorgeous blue eyes, and then began 
kissing me again. When I got her top down, I moved my kisses 
down her neck towards her breasts. They were incredible. They 
were not only large, but also tear-drop shaped. You know when 
they are bigger at the bottom than at the top and they point 
up. She was nicely tanned, but had distinct tan lines on her 
breasts, so her brownish pink nipples really stood out 
against the white expanse of her breasts.  As I kissed and 
then sucked one nipple and then other, they grew turgid 
immediately. They were incredible. Each was almost a half an 
inch in diameter and over half an inch long. I had never seen 
nipples like hers before. Her breathing got heavier and she 
cooed and moaned as I sucked and nibbled one nipple and then 
the other. As I did, she slowly unbuttoned my shirt and then 
began to run her fingers through my chest hair. She then 
leaned over and licked and sucked my nipples. By this time as 
you can imagine, my cock was rock hard.

We began kissing again - long deep soul kisses. I savored the 
feel of her lips and tongue. I reached down and began to 
stroke her knees and lower thighs. As I moved my hand to the 
inside of her thighs and moved toward her pussy, she grasped 
my hand in hers and said, "I don't want to make love tonight, 
but....". 

She slid down to the floor between my knees, watching my face 
the whole time. "You're huge!", she giggled as she traced the 
outline of my cock through my pants with her fingernail. 
After what seemed an hour to me, she reached for my fly, 
unzipped it and reached in to grasp me. The touch of her hand 
made me shudder with pleasure.  She stroked the shaft until a 
drop of pre-cum appeared and leaned over and licked it off. 
While looking into my eyes, she flicked her velvet tongue 
down both sides and then the underside. Finally, she took my 
cock into her mouth, first just the head, then a little more 
and then a little more, all the while constantly moving her 
tongue on the underside. Now, I don't know about you, but 
that is definitely the most sensitive part of my cock and I 
was going crazy. She truly made love to my cock. I had never 
had a blowjob like that.  She would suck me into her mouth a 
few times, kiss up and down the head and shaft,  rub it on 
her cheeks and lips and then start sucking again all the 
while looking into my eyes. 

This lasted several minutes before she said, "I want to see 
your balls." She proceeded to pull off my shoes, socks and 
pants. She cupped my balls in her hand and then began to 
kiss, lick and suck them. "God, you smell good!", she said 
and moved back up to my cock. She began sucking my cock in 
earnest while tickling my balls and asshole with her long 
fingernails and looking into my eyes. It had been quite a 
while since I had had any attention like this, so I knew I 
wouldn't last long.

 I was right on the edge when she stopped and said, "I want 
you to cum in my mouth.". 

 "If you keep that up very much longer, you'll get your 
wish!", I said.

She began sucking me again, taking virtually all of my cock 
in her mouth and tickling my balls and asshole. I could tell 
she loved my cock and was making love to it with her mouth 
while watching my eyes. Everything she did, she did to bring 
the the maximum amount of pleasure. She kept going  harder, 
and harder, until I whispered, "I'm cumming!!!". Jet after 
jet shot out of my cock. She stroked it with her hand and 
directed the spurts into her mouth. As I watched her, she 
looked like she was cumming too, but I was too wound up in 
mine to be sure. When I stopped erupting, she rubbed my cock 
over her face, planting kisses on it as it passed over her 
lips. She tenderly cleaned my cock with her tongue and then 
used her fingers to clean the cum off her face and sucked 
them clean.. After a few moments, I had recovered enough to 
ask, "Did you climax?".

 "Uh huh. Sometimes, if it's been a while, and I really get 
into it,  just watching and feeling you cum can make me cum." 
It was the most incredible and loving blowjob I had ever 
experienced. I had never tasted my own cum before, but she 
looked to incredibly sexy and desirable that I couldn't help 
myself and pulled her up to kiss her.  We soul kissed a 
couple of times (it didn't taste that bad) and then snuggled 
and held each other close for quite a while.

 I broke the spell when I said, "I want to make love to you, 
Kim."

She looked at me for a long time and then said, "I want to be 
honest with you. I'm built a little different than most 
women." She looked a little embarrassed and pointed to her 
pussy. "My last  boyfriend always told me I was a freak and 
no one else would ever want me. He was the only guy I had 
ever dated and I finally got fed up with him fooling around 
with other women, so I broke it off with him even if no one 
would ever want me. Now that I've found you, I guess I'm 
scared of losing you." 

I was really perplexed now. She was obviously an expert at 
sucking cock, but now she seemed so inexperienced and what 
the hell does a little different mean?? But after thinking, 
"Even if she doesn't have a pussy, I can live with a mouth 
like that!!", I said, "Kim, I want you. I want you more now 
than I have ever wanted any woman in my life. Please believe 
me."

She smiled. "Do you believe me?", I asked. She thought it 
over for a second and answered, "Yes."

Not able to contain my curiosity I asked, "How are you 
different, Kim?"

She hesitated, looked down and answered, "My clit is really 
big."

"Is that all!!", I said, "Jesus, you had me worried there for 
a minute. I thought you might be missing something." She 
laughed and then we hugged for a while.

After a few minutes, she asked, "Do you want to see it?" "I 
thought you'd never ask.", I laughed. Now it was my turn to 
slide down between her legs. I stopped on the way to kiss her 
magnificent tits and suck those fantastic nipples. I trailed 
kisses down her belly and finally arrived at my destination. 
She lifted her hips and then legs as I pulled her dress and 
panties off. I caught her feet and began kissing  her toes. 
Again, I trailed kisses from her toes to her feet, her 
ankles, firm calves, and the back of her knees. I slowly 
spread her legs as I started kissing up the inside of her 
thighs. I spread her legs and there nestled at the top of a 
neatly trimmed pussy was the BIGGEST clit I had ever seen. It 
was huge! Admittedly, she was turned on, but it had to 
measure a three eights of an inch in diameter and the part 
that protruded past her lips was over half an inch long!! 
When I reached up and pulled her lips open and the hood back, 
it rose to its' full glory - just over three quarters of an 
inch long!! (I have measured it since and those measurements 
are accurate.) It had what looked like a little head on it, 
so it looked like a little cock.

I know I looked surprised and I must have stared for quite a 
while because when I finally looked up, she looked scared. I 
recovered quickly and said, "Kim, in all my life, I have 
never seen a pussy that turned me on so completely." And with 
that, I leaned forward and began to slowly lick her slit. I 
started at the bottom and moved slowly up until I almost 
reached her clit, moved back down and started again. She was 
cooing and moaning the whole time. She was incredibly excited 
because her pussy juice was really flowing and tasted fresh 
and almost sweet. After a few more full licks, I flicked her 
clit with my tongue. She gasped, "Oh, god!!! Do that again." 
I flicked it a couple more times, kissed it, and then sucked 
it deeply into my mouth. Her moan rose almost to a scream as 
her body went completely stiff and she had a wrenching 
orgasm. After a few seconds, I released her clit and licked 
slowly up her entire slit. She relaxed but jumped every time 
my tongue touched her clit. Just as she was coming down from 
her orgasm and opening her eyes, I sucked her clit into my 
mouth again. She moaned loudly, went rigid and shook with the 
pleasure waves of another orgasm. Again I released her clit 
and slowly licked her slit, which was now flowing like a 
river. I waited until she had released for a few seconds and 
sucked her clit a third time. She came again even longer and 
harder than the first two.

When she came down from this one, she moaned, "Please, 
wait... Let me catch my breath."

I licked at her flow (there was now literally a puddle under 
where she sat), and looked into her eyes. She had tears in 
her eyes and gave me a loving look. "Thanks!", she said, 
"You're incredible!"

"Me! How many times can you cum like that?", I asked.

"I don't know, I've never cum like that. My ex wouldn't go 
down me."

"Well, let find out.", I said as I leaned forward again.

"No! Wait! God, you're going to kill me...", she giggled, 
"Besides, there's something else I want. I want to feel your 
cock inside me." And with that, she pushed me back onto the 
floor and straddled me.  Squatting over me, she reached down, 
grasped my rock hard cock with one hand, spread her pussy 
lips with the other and slowly lowered herself  on it. She 
shuddered and moaned as my cock slipped up inside her hot, 
extremely wet pussy. She was so wet that my cock slid in like 
a hot knife into butter. She wasn't particularly tight, but 
when I was fully inside her, she gripped my cock with her 
pussy muscles harder than I would have ever imagined 
possible. After hesitating a moment, she slowly lifted 
herself off my cock all the while gripping it tightly. As she 
reached the top of her stroke and just the tip of my cock was 
in her, she released her grip and slowly lowered herself down 
my cock again. She continued gripping and releasing as she 
went up and down excruciatingly slowly and I could barely 
keep from cumming. She kept her eyes locked on mine and 
talked to me the whole time, saying things like, "Ooh, your 
cock is so big!", or "God, that feels so good inside me!" Her 
pussy felt like velvet around me. Over the next few more 
strokes, the tempo of her moans and strokes increased until 
finally she went rigid for a second or two and then shuddered 
with a shattering climax. I had honestly never seen a woman 
climax as hard as she did and I didn't cum because I was so 
involved in watching her.

After a few seconds, she gave me another sexy smile and 
lifted herself off me. When I started to object, she shushed 
me, turned around so she was squatting over me facing away 
from me, and then held herself open again as she lowered 
herself onto my cock. She began her grip and release stroke 
again, but in addition, she started using her hands too. She 
used the long nails on one hand to scratch and tickle my 
balls and used the other hand to rub and tickle my cock as it 
slid in and out of her pussy. What an indescribable feeling!! 
It took less than a minute of this to bring me to the edge.

"I'm cumming!!", I moaned and with that she quickly lifted 
herself off, moved to a sixty-nine position and took all of 
my cock into her mouth. As I was cumming, she used her tongue 
and teeth to drive me wild as she sucked and swallowed. I 
bucked and shook for all I was worth. When I finally relaxed, 
I opened my eyes and there was her gorgeous pussy and that 
huge clit dangling right in front of me. It was bigger than 
ever and I latched onto it and sucked for all I was worth. 
She immediately went rigid and had another shuddering climax.  
After a few moments, she turned around and snuggled next to 
me and we fell asleep in each other's arms.

More in chapter 2.
