Archive-name: 3plus/kim1.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Story of Kim - 1


                                   Chapter One

    Everything seemed to happen in slow motion.  The cock shook and trembled.
It spat out a stream of white.  The jizzlet flew through the air to land with
a heavy splotch on the blond woman's left cheekbone.  The cock pulsed once
again. A streak of hot wet white whizzed out, splayed gracefully in the air,
and traced a line up the woman's face from below her cheekbone into her
hairline. It curled up over her cheek, across her pert nose, and into the
socket of her eye.  It continued up over her eyebrow and across her forehead
before disappearing into her hair.  Even before the white line had splattered
forcefully into her face, the snake-like prong shuddered again.  The rope of
man-goo was even thicker than the previous one had been.  It shot out like a
white cannonball, and the girl watched spellbound as it approached-her face.
She opened her mouth as wide as she could, and adjusted the angle of her head.
The sperm approached.  It headed straight into her open mouth, striking her
uvula soundly and splattering forcefully backwards across and over her teeth
and gums.  It flowed wetly across her tongue.  A large globule of sperm
trickled off her tongue, dropped onto her tonsils, and slowly swam down her
rosy esophagus to pool quietly in her stomach.  She let the remaining semen
collect in her mouth, careful not to let any more slide relentlessly down her
throat before she wanted it to. She opened her one clear eyelid, and checked
the penises jutting at her face.  The first one had shot three times.

    Kim had done some testing earlier with a measuring cup and water. She
could hold almost two cups of water in her swollen mouth without spilling or
swallowing any.  She hoped to collect that much semen during this tournament.
Doing some quick calculation, she figured the first cock would have three,
maybe four more shots.  And there were over 30 hard fat cocks to go. A
delicious shudder ran through her, as she contemplated the barrage of semen to
come.  Winning this contest would go a long way towards fulfilling her dream
of becoming an adult film star.  She had read about it in an underground
swingers magazine, and had been enthralled from the very beginning.  The
premise was simple. The contestants were being judged on the amount of sperm
they could hold in their mouths.  They were allowed to collect it from off
their faces, but nowhere else - no necks, tits, hair or hands.  How it got
into their mouths was of their choice.  They could fuck the men and make sure
that the ejaculation took place orally.  They could have the men jerk off
straight into their mouths, or if they were squeamish, into a glass that they
then would quaff.  Kim had seen one girl do that earlier.  She collected a
fair amount of squirt from about 16 virile men, and dripped the champagne
glass full right into her open mouth.  This scene so turned on several other
men that they ignored her wishes, and proceeded to masturbate directly onto
her face and into her mouth.  She could do nothing but accept the cum shower,
since if she turned away or closed her mouth, she would have been disqualified.

    Kim, on the other hand, had no such reservations.  She seemed to get a
quirky satisfaction out of seeing the men panting and trembling while they
rubbed and pulled on their cocks, aiming the purplish heads at her exceedingly
pretty face.  She spent a fair amount of time trying to figure out what was so
exciting about ejaculating semen onto a woman's face.  She thought maybe that
it was because a woman spent much time and money on makeup to insure that she
looked her prettiest, and that for a man to ejaculate on her face was an act
of domination and mastery.  But semen wasn't dirty.  It was a warm, bodily
fluid, full of life and containing the essence of a man.  If a man wanted to
piss on her, that was something entirely different.   Sperm was not a waste
product, it was something that only a man could give to a woman.

    Kim had seen enough adult movies to know that the facial cum shot was a
favorite of producers and directors, and thus probably of the audience.  After
all, if they didn't want it, the movie makers wouldn't film it that way.  She
knew that some women would fuck the ugliest guys around, and allow themselves
to be treated like whores, but would not allow a man to cum on their faces.
She couldn't understand that. What difference did it make?  A cumshot was a
cumshot, and if the star or the director wanted it on your face, so be it.
She didn't mind at all.  Cum wouldn't kill you.  In fact, Kim thought, because
of its proteins and other natural essences, semen was probably good for your
skin.  She often rubbed it into her face after a healthy bout of sex with her
boyfriend, after breathlessly gasping for him to ejaculate, not in her pussy,
but all over her sweating face.  Mostly, the men were glad to cooperate.  Over
the course of the last few years, Kim had both swallowed the salty mixture,
and just as often, massaged it into her face.  And she hadn't had a blemish or
even the hint of a pimple or blackhead in all that time, and her skin was so
soft and smooth, she rarely needed to wear any makeup at all.  So to her, it
was a cycle - the pretty face that got the most sperm on it remained pretty
with almost no additional care. She didn't spend a dime on fancy soaps, facial
scrubs or expensive makeup. All the face cream she needed was at the end of a
tube of flesh that she had little or no trouble extracting.

    But now she had more important things on her mind.  She pooled the
collected semen in her mouth, and waited for the next ejaculatory squirt.  It
was not long in arriving, a cock missile that shot into her mouth with the wet
force of a bullet, knocking her head backwards once again.  The sperm rocketed
around inside her mouth, spreading a thin white paste of fluid over her teeth.
A large globule sat thickly on her tongue.  The man grunted and once again
unclenched his thumb from around his swelling glans.  A ribbon of white shot
out, tracing a line from the left corner of Kim's mouth up over her cheek and
into her eye socket. The man moved closer, putting one hand on Kim's head and
directing her to place her gaping mouth directly under his penis.  He angled
it downwards, just a scant few inches from her face.  He unclenched once again
with a roar.  The backed up cum squirted out like a miniature firehose full of
white paint.  It drooled and dripped into her open mouth, seemingly without
end.  It dropped between her open lips without spilling over at all.  Kim
curled her tongue backwards and closed off the passage to her stomach.  She
couldn't afford to waste this.

    The other men drew closer, turned on like never before at the spectacle of
a ravishingly beautiful blond woman accepting the sperm of an eight-inch cock
straight into her mouth.  Finally the flood was over, and the man shook his
penis a few times, to ensure that the last few drops from deep in his balls
were forced out.  One droplet landed with a qooey squish on Kim's nose, and
the rest found their landing place variously on her face.  He stepped away.

    Kim held up her hands to indicate a time-out.  She traced one long
red-nailed finger up into her semen-pooled eye sockets, collecting the juice
and transferring it to her mouth.  She roamed around her wet, sticky face,
bringing as much of the lines and drops of sperm down into her mouth as she
could.  Finally, her face was somewhat clear again, and she blinked open her
eyes.  Motioning for the second man to come forward, she open her mouth, and
reached for his trembling cock, not a second too soon.  The moment her smooth
palmed hand touched it, it exploded in a torrent of cum.  She directed the
head of the cock to just between her lips, knowing that if she forced it any
further in, it may displace the already collected sperm out her compressed
lips, or worse, down into her stomach.  She tickled the bottom of the glans
with her tongue, coaxing the sperm out in excited rushes.  One, two , three,
four long squirts roped out into her mouth.  She jacked on the cock several
times for good measure, extracting several more smaller, albeit still
worthwhile, driblets of sperm. By now the semen collected by her efforts was
beginning to wash up over her gumline, and her back teeth were covered with
the white liquid.

    She backed off the cock, dipped her head downwards to collect the semen,
and motioned for the next man to step forwards.  Again, she placed the tip of
his cock, which was luckily rather thin, though quite long, between her
once-rosy, but now semen-covered lips.  She dropped her hands to rest on her
thighs.  The man placed his hand around his cock, stroking it into her mouth
with practiced determination.  Finally he let his hand pull back on the cock
until it lodged in his bristly pubic hair, and clenched the muscles in his
ass.  Kim later would swear she heard, as well as felt, the torrent of semen
flow into her mouth. It shot out in a white ropy stream, filling even more of
her mouth up. Suddenly she felt a grunt and a "whoosh" in her left ear, as one
over-excited man next to her now-sticky head placed the tip of his cock in her
ear, and proceeded to ejaculate several strands of white cum into it.  Kim
quickly cupped her hand under the ear, and allowed the semen to leak out of
it.  She brought the hand up to her mouth, and licked the small puddle of cum
out of it.  "Lucky for me he didn't come too much. I think I got it all..."
she thought to herself.

    Another man stepped forward, a black man with a cock that Kim guessed to
be at least nine or ten inches long, and several inches around.

    "Just lean back and open up, pretty lady, I'll shoot it right into your
mouth, and not spill a drop." he calmly said. Kim obeyed him. He moved closer,
so that the tip of his cock was just three or four inches from her
semen-spotted face.  He stroked it several times rapidly, and finally grunted
through his teeth "Here it comes, baby, get ready!"  The horse cock's slit
opened up, and a river of sperm rushed out, arcing beautifully into the
woman's open mouth.  The first spurt broke over her teeth, and splashed so
much that a tiny wave of cum broke over her lower lip, to drool down her chin.
Kim quickly cupped her hand under her chin, to again capture the semen and not
let it escape.

    Again the penis shuddered and shot out a stream of white semen. It flowed
into Kim's sexy mouth like a river of cream.  The sperm hit her tongue, arched
up to splash on the roof of her mouth and settled back to join the rest of the
microscopic spermatozoa now floating in her oral cavity.  Kim shuddered to a
small orgasm at the thought that there were billions of tiny sperms swimming
around her teeth and gums, relentlessly searching for an egg to fertilize.
They would find no egg today, Kim thought.  There were sperm from tall, dark
haired men with blue eyes, sperm from black men with skin like coal and deep
brown eyes, there were sperms from small red haired men with freckles, and
soon there would be more. Kim noticed at least two Asian men in the line
waiting for their turn, and several other blacks, an Italian-looking man, and
several Jews. "A real United Nations of semen in my mouth.." thought Kim.

    The black man moved his cock a bit farther away from Kim's face, perhaps
to let the others view the lines of sperm rocketing into her mouth.  He slid
his powerful looking hand up over the tip of his prick, pinching the head
between his thumb and forefinger. He looked down at Kim, kneeling before him
like a concubine in the royal harem of some long ago Nubian emperor.

    "Lady, I'm gonna do something special for you now. It's a little trick I
learned in the Army from a hooker in Saigon.  I've pinched off my cock. But I
ain't done cummin' yet, that's for sure.  I'm going to send such a load of
jizz into your pretty face, you'll swear I was peein' white.  Every last bit
of cum I've been saving for four days is going straight into your pretty
little face.  How'd you like that?"

    Kim looked up at him, sloshed the fluid sperm around in her mouth a bit,
and tried to talk without spilling any.

    "Dat wudbe murvlus, 'oney" she murmured, careful not to drool over her
barely open lips. "Led be make some roob..".  It was almost comical, as Kim
could picture herself kneeling in front of a circle of mostly total strangers,
semen clotting her hair, dressed only in heels, stockings and panties.  Drops
of sperm dotted her breasts and shoulders, and several more slowly dried about
her face. Her once perfectly coiffured hair was now splotched with the seminal
offerings of various men. Her eyebrows were soaking wet.  Even her dainty
eyelashes had small tears of sperm hanging from them.  She reached down with
one hand to rub her aching clitoris, and quaked from an orgasm.  She leaned
her head back, cracked her jaw from side to side, and opened her mouth as wide
as she possible could.

    Spectators even several feet back could plainly see the pool of white
liquid collected in her mouth.  Many were thinking it was the most erotic
scene they had ever seen, unrivaled in its' sheer perversity and its'
dreamlike, almost ephemeral quality.  Fucking and sucking had become so
commonplace anymore that there was very little left to jade this sophisticated
crowd.  But the sight of a beautiful blond woman, blessed with firm, rounded
breasts with erect nipples a half-inch long, supple, perfectly proportioned
legs, and an amazingly pretty face, eagerly awaiting the onslaught of semen to
come into her lovely mouth, was a sight they would all remember for years to
come.

    The black man tensed and shuddered.  His buttocks clenched powerfully.
Again he tensed.  The crowd could sense the buildup of semen backing up the
length of his cock. Once more he grunted, tensed and almost buckled at the
knees.  A bead of sweat formed on his nose, and dropped to the floor.  His
whole body seemed to be tensing like a coiled spring.   A small drop of semen
escaped from the tip of his straining prick.  Kim reached out with her
forefinger and collected it up.  The man backed still farther away from her
face and beckoning mouth. He looked at her.  She looked him straight in the
eye, and nodded almost imperceptibly. She waited. One more time, he seemed to
collapse inward for a moment, and then arched his back, pointed the near
bursting penis at Kim, and slid his hand back to his pubic hair with a quick
jerk.  For a split-second, nothing happened.  Then the eye of his cock opened
up, and a stream of semen sped outward.

    Straight into her open mouth, the sperm flowed.  Like some crazy water
fountain, the cum roped between her lips, and set the pool of liquid collected
there to splashing and foaming.  The man backed away. Still the jizz sped out,
now a liquid white line connecting the tip of his cock and the interior of
Kim's mouth, almost two feet apart.  To some observers, it did indeed look
like he was pissing white. For what seemed like an eternity, but was in
reality only a few seconds, the bizarre scene continued.  Kim kneaded her
clitoris and pussy lips roughly, shuddering through a series of powerful
orgasms as her mind reeled at the immensity of the man's cum shot.  One woman
at the back of the crowd almost fainted dead away, it was later learned.
Abruptly, it was over.

    The man had ejaculated a single jet of semen for more than eight seconds.
This was no drippy, slimy cum shot from an exhausted set of balls.  This was
no "two quick spurts and it's over"  job like so many had seen before.  This
was a CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM shot to end all cum shots.  Kim was
amazed at the volume of semen now inhabiting her mouth.  She could no longer
face forward with her lips apart without having strands of white ropy goo drip
from her lips.  She had to tilt her face backwards to keep the jizz from
leaking out. It completely covered her lower teeth, and her tongue was nowhere
to be seen.  She closed her mouth, and looked at the black man, a mixture of
envy, astonishment, greed and gratitude in her eyes.  He looked at her,
winked, and said "There you go. Hope it was all you expected."

    Kim could only close her cum-streaked eyes daintily and nod at him with
thankfulness.  He had managed to send several pure ounces of jizzum into her
mouth without wasting a single drop. Her fingers were working full time,
plunging in and out of her wet vagina, pinching and rubbing her clitoris.  She
tensed to an orgasm, then another.  A flush rose up from her pussy, spread
over her tits and colored her shoulders. She inhaled a deep breath and tried
to catch her thoughts.  Her mouth was too full now to continue kneeling on the
satin pillow on the floor, waiting for the men to step up and cream her wet
lips with their semen. And she was beginning to get the normal swallowing urge
she knew she could not ignore for long.  Finally, she had a thought.

    Kim dropped to her hands and knees, and inclined her face forward and
down, making sure her lips were tightly compressed.  The lake of white in her
mouth shifted forward, oozing between her front teeth and gums.  When she was
sure that no valuable sperm was left lurking about in the back of her throat,
she swallowed lightly.  Even then, she could feel several strands of spermatic
fluid slip into her esophagus, and disappear down into her belly.  "Damn!" she
thought, "there's more wasted."

    She got up to her feet , and ignoring the looks of the crowd, went over to
the mirror on the wall of the room to check herself out.  The sight she saw
jolted her out of her reverie.  Looking back at her from the mirror was a
woman with sperm-splotched hair, a cum-spotted face, and lips that compressed
about a thin line of white. Her cheeks were swollen out like she had mumps. A
small, thin line of semen ran from the hollow of her neck down the upper slope
of one firm breast to bead at the erect and swollen nipple.  She looked at her
own reflection with longing.

    Turning about quickly, she walked over to the long, expensive looking
dining table that graced one side of the room.  She judged it's height to be
just about right.  Motioning the line of men to follow her, she climbed up on
the table, gesturing for a piece of paper and something to write with.  A
pert, dark haired woman quickly placed a pad and pencil in her hand.

    Kim wrote "Feeling fine, but getting too full to stay on my knees. I will
lie on the table, face up.  I want two at a time now, just keep 'em coming! HA
HA."  She handed the pad back to the other woman, who read the words aloud.
Kim placed the satin pillow under her neck, to angle her head flat and level
on the table.  She consciously closed off her throat and leaned back, her head
even with the edge of the table, gazing at the flocked ceiling.  Two cock
heads loomed over her mouth, and for the next several minutes, the same scene
was repeated over and over. Kim couldn't see who the men were, and could just
tell white from black.  The cocks were all shapes and sizes, from short,
bulbous ones, to long, gleaming towers of male flesh. She often glimpsed
traces of lipstick or pussy juice on the pricks, and could guess that the men
were amusing themselves any way they could while they waited their turn.

    The only thing they all had in common was that they all spat streams of
cum into her open mouth.  Jet after jet of milky white semen was directed
between her eagerly waiting lips.  Strangely, almost no one spoke a word.  It
was as if, after the spectacle of the black man hosing her face with the
enormous amount of sperm, they were all participating in a sexual ritual.  Man
after man grunted streams of thick, white sperm over her cum-covered lips and
into the pool steadily growing in her mouth. Her teeth slowly but surely were
covered up with the juice. Her tongue occasionally poked up out of the lake of
semen.  Two, four, six, eight, then ten men emptied their boiling balls into
her mouth.  She could no longer taste the differing types of sperm, no longer
able to tell the rich, almost milky texture of the blacks from the light, more
watery Caucasian jizzum.  She thought she detected a faint trace of garlic
from one man she guessed to be the Italian.  The first Asian's cum smelled
sweetly of tea and cloves.

    The line of men slowly dwindled down. 12, 14, 16 men were through.  One of
the next pair was so over excited by the scene he could do no more than jerk
his cock helplessly over her face, spraying the cum about her features with
relentless abandon.  Lines of wet sticky sperm traced over her nose and
cheeks, zooming up her face from jaw to forehead.  More cum dripped and
drooled into her eyes, and a line of it even shot up one nostril.  Her blue
shadowed left eye closed, a line of sperm dissecting the oval.  Another line
of sperm hung connected from the tip of her nose to her upper lip.  Her lips
themselves were rimmed with white liquid quite a distance away from her open
mouth itself.  The man looked at her helplessly. She opened her one good eye
and gazed at him.  She had no time to collect the cum though, as there were
still more to be satisfied.

    The lake of cum in her mouth was now almost overflowing. Kim ballooned her
cheeks outward with as much power as she could muster. She could feel a soft
tongue licking at her pussy through the panties she wore, and after a few
minutes, was undergoing almost continuous orgasms. She seemed to climax in
tandem with the men.  One spurt into her mouth, one shudder up her spine.  Two
spurts against her lips, two pelvic quakes that she felt down to her toes.
Twenty, twenty two, then twenty four men emptied themselves into her mouth.
Number twenty-five placed his cock against her lower lip and let a small
stream of cum flow out of it to drip into her mouth, and join the army of
sperm.  Number twenty-eight jerked several strands of jizz against the tip of
her tongue, saucily stuck up like a small island in a sea of sperm.  Kim could
taste the rich aroma of it on her sensitive taste buds.  He finished by
tracing a line of cum across the width of her forehead, down one cheek, and
across her chin.  He was joined by another man, who continued the cum drawing
up the other cheek, across the bridge of her nose, up between her eyes, and
back across her forehead.  By now, her face was nearly completely covered with
sperm.  There was virtually not one square inch of skin that didn't have a
sheen of cum covering it. Kim was having continuous orgasms herself.   She
could see flashbulbs going off , and the whir of video cameras capturing this
event for posterity.  The thought of so many strangers watching this spectacle
brought another quaking orgasm from her dripping pussy.

    Finally, the sperm in her mouth reached the limits. It started to overflow
her lips and drip down her neck towards her ears.  The last man had just
finished adding his donation to the cum charity of her face.  She could hold
no more.  Kim motioned a halt.  It was too late for one man, who aimed his
jetting cock at her breasts and shoulders, topping the nipples with warm white
rain and showering her upper arms with his cum.

    One man brought forward a glass marked with lines denoting each fluid
ounce.  Kim sat up, pressing her fingers to her lips to keep the collected
sperm from leaking out any more.  She held the cup up to her mouth, leaned
forward, and opened her lips.  A river of white whooshed from between her
lips, pouring into the glass.  Kim shepherded the cum from between her teeth
and gums with her tongue, drooling it all into the glass.  The level rose and
rose.  Still more cum poured from her open mouth. Up, up, up the glass filled.
Finally it was finished.  Kim collected the slimy strands of jizz from about
her face and eagerly fed them into her mouth, where she could now swallow and
soothe her aching face and throat.  The cool juice seemed like champagne to
her, as it flowed over her parched throat and seeped down into her stomach.

    She looked at the glass of cum she produced.  The level was slightly over
the ten ounce mark.  The nearest competitor was marked at six and one half
ounces.  Kim had won!  And won big!  She managed to contain in her mouth,
without swallowing, over a pint of semen, the ejaculations of 33 men.  She
blushed proudly.

    "Whew, is that a load or what?" she spoke aloud, to no one in particular.

    "Kim, that was the greatest exhibition of sexuality I have ever seen, bar
none.  I think I have a job for you."

    She turned to look at the man who had just spoken.  He was a slim man of
about six feet, with blonde hair and blue eyes.  He was completely dressed in
an expensive looking suit that fit his tanned body well. Her gaze traveled
down to his crotch, detecting a largish bulge there that betrayed his
excitement, and lent truth to his statement.

    "Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is John Somers, and I produce and
direct adult movies in Los Angeles. I own my own production company, and work
with only the best and brightest of the actors.  I would like to take you to
the West Coast, and put you to work in my movies.  I think you have the, ah,
'talent', shall we say, to go a long way.  There has never been anyone in the
adult film business like you, I'm sure. Are you interested?"

    Kim's heart leaped at his words.  This was exactly what she was hoping for
when this evening first became a reality. "Yes, I think I would be.  NO, I
KNOW I would be!"

    "Well, I certainly am glad to hear that.  I think that you could be one of
the biggest stars to ever hit the adult movie scene.  I have only a few other
questions.  How well do you fuck, and do you mind anal?"

    Kim looked right at him, daring him to gaze at her cum-spotted face
without busting the zipper on his slacks. "Why don't you get your clothes off,
and find out?" she said, ripping what was left of her panties off and tossing
them over her shoulder.

    "Perhaps later.  Right now I'd like to see how well you handle three men
at once. Shall we?"

    And he offered her his hand, to walk towards the center of the room, where
the remnants of the party still stood.  "Kim here would like to take care of
any men who might not have had a chance to 'donate' to her earlier.  Are there
any takers?"

    Several men stood and cheered, or waved their hands excitedly. John turned
to Kim.

    "Ladies choice, my dear.  Whom would you like?"

    Kim looked the available candidates over.  Pointing at three husky men in
succession, she said "OK.  You I want in my snatch, you in my ass, and you I
want in my mouth. How's that?"

    She positioned one man down on his back in the center of the room, and
kneeled over his midsection.  Lowering her head to his cock, she placed the
tip of it into her mouth. Slowly she laved up and down the shaft of the penis,
licking around and around the head with her slimy tongue.  She spit a small
gob of slightly white saliva on it, then abruptly crouched down over it.  John
bent closer to get a better look. She positioned the head of the thin, yet
long cock at her rosy, crinkled rectum.

    "Ahhhhhh..." she mouthed, as she slowly lowered herself over it. At first,
her butt wouldn't give.  Then, the head of the cock popped in with an audible
plop.  The first few inches of it were slowly gobbled up by her hungry bowels.
"Ohhhh, that's good.." Kim breathed.  "I love the feel of a good hard cock in
my ass."  Slowly, the penis disappeared up into her.  Finally, she was lowered
all the way down onto the man's prick, until his curly pubic hair tickled her
anus and pussy lips.  Then she leaned back, and motioned to another man to
come forward.

    "Over here, honey, slip that dick of yours into my lovely pussy. And don't
be afraid to slam it into me, I could use a good fuck right now."

    The man came forward, and dropped to his knees in front of her, between
the other man's outstretched legs.  He rubbed the head of his erect cock over
her red and pulsating clitoris, eliciting several moans from Kim.  "Stop
teasing me, man, shove it in!" she croaked, with a severe intake of breath as
the man slid the entire eight inch length of his dick into her pussy on her
last words.

    "Oh, yes, that's right, slip it in."  The man could feel his cock rubbing
against the invader in her anal tract through the thin barrier of skin
separating them.  He matched his withdrawals with the other man's insertions,
so that Kim was never bereft of some length of cock meat in one of her lower
channels.  The three people moved and squirmed for a few minutes.

    "Oh shit, I gonna cummmmm......." wailed Kim, as a tremendous quake of
orgasm shook her body. "YES YES YES YES YES!" she screamed. She could feel the
two hard organs sliding in and out of her super aroused lower body.  John
looked down at her tenderly.  Then he stood up and walked over to the table
where the semen-filled glass still stood, being inspected with some wonderment
by several people.

    "Quite an accomplishment, wouldn't you say?" he said to one woman who
seemed entranced by the thing.

    "I can't believe she could hold that much cum in her mouth" she answered
back , "When men go off in my mouth, it feels like I'm gonna drown or
something."

    John looked her over. She was a pretty brunette, with small breasts that
had tremendous areolas, showing bright pink nipples that winked up at him.
"I'm sure you could do better if you applied yourself."  He picked up the
glass, and walked back over to where Kim was just beginning to position the
third man in her lovemaking quartet.

    She directed him to squat over her breasts.  "Slide your dick between my
tits for a while, then I'll suck you off like you've never been sucked
before."  Kim loved to talk dirty when she made love, knowing that it turned
most men on quite a bit.  The man held his cock down over her tits, rubbing
the head over her nipples, and leaving a thin colorless stream of pre-cum
wherever he took it.  Finally, he squashed her tits together over his prick,
and slid it back and forth in the valley of her chest.  Each time the rosy
head emerged from between her breasts, Kim bent her head forward to swipe it
with her tongue.  She was still spotted with semen over various parts of her
head, shoulders and breasts, and the man's cock did not need much lubrication.
Finally, he moved it up to just in front of her lips.

    "Open up, baby, here comes the main event" he said, looking down at her.
She parted her lips.  The man slowly fed the length of his cock into her
mouth, watching fascinated as it disappeared.  He could see it angle past her
tonsils, and lodge halfway down her neck.  The skin beneath her chin bulged
out with the tell-tale outline of his glans. Then he withdrew the cock.  It
emerged slimy with saliva and the remnants of Kim's mouthful of cum.

    John knelt down above her head once again. "Kim, you are doing just great.
This is a real test of a person's sexual capacity, and as I said, I'm very
impressed. And you know, I think I would like the men to ejaculate inside of
you, if you don't mind."

    Kim looked up at him, nodding her head in agreement.  She couldn't nod too
far in either direction, of course, seeing as how her head and neck seemed
grafted onto the penis sliding slowly in  and out of her mouth.  She grasped
the shaft of the cock she was sucking, and slowly led it out of her mouth.
She winked up at John.

    "Honey, I want you to spurt your juice right down my throat, Okay?"  The
man enjoying the blow job looked down at her.

    "You bet, sweetie. I haven't cum today, and I'm sure I got a good load for
you to swallow."  He was amazed at the girl's forthrightness.

    Kim loved to talk to her men as she blew them, knowing it turned them on
even more to hear words of encouragement and enjoyment from their women.
"Yes, I'm gonna swallow all your little sperms and have them swimming around
in my stomach.  I want you to paint my tonsils white!"

    The man joined in the game. "You gonna eat my jizz, eh? You know, I got a
lot of jizz to give you.  Your tongue is gonna get slimed, and your throat
will feel my stuff sliding down like warm, creamy milk."

    "Oh, yes, I want to eat your cum.  I love to feel the slimy stuff slip
down into my belly.  I ...Umph".  Kim was cut off in mid-word as the penis
entering her mouth made speech unintelligible, if not impossible.  John
watched as the man stroked his cock slowly in and out of her sweating face,
each time to spread her lips, flatten her tongue down, and bulge out the
muscles in her neck.  In, out, in , out, the cock retraced its route several
times.

    Suddenly the man in her ass cried out. "Oh shit, I gonna cum, I'm gonna
shoot..."  Kim bucked her pelvis at him several times, as if to offer
encouragement and agreement.   The man arched his hips, lifting the entire
mass of flesh up off the ground, burying his cock far up into her bowels.  The
cock head nestled into Kim's tender rectal passage, then spit a line of hot
cum out.  She felt the blazing hot liquid steam up into her ass, bathing it
with warmth.  She clenched her ass muscles. Again the cock let loose with a
spurt of ejaculate.  "Oh, yes, cum in my ass, cum in my ass, you dirty fucker,
shoot it up there!" she groaned, gulping in huge lungsful of air, temporarily
quitting her fellatio.  The man jerked and shuddered a few more times, then
collapsed with the weight of the people he had been supporting.

    Slowly he slid his softening cock out of her rectal passage.  Its way was
greased by the load of semen he had just deposited, and finally he popped his
cock out.  A small trickle of white liquid escaped from Kim's tender, yet
satisfied asshole.

    She was undergoing variously sized orgasms almost continuously now, as
every fiber of her being seemed sexually charged with electricity. She could
tell that the man sliding his cock up her pussy was soon to follow, leaving
his deposit to lave the walls of her sex.  She was right.  Without saying a
word, he jammed his cock one more time up into the very bottom of her cunt,
mashing his pubic hair in with hers. He grunted, and Kim felt the cock flex,
pulsing out a jet of semen to crash into her uterus and spray the walls of her
cunt.  Another jet joined it as Kim orgasmed.  The man slowly pulled his cock
from her clutching pussy lips, loosing a torrent of sperm.  He dripped the
last of his cum down onto her clitoris.  Kim's pelvic region now was dripping
with sperm, as it slowly leaked from her two lower channels.  She was too busy
to notice though, as the man she was blowing seemed close to his climax.

    She grabbed the shaft of the cock invading her face, and let just the tip
protrude into her mouth.  She fed about two inches in, mentally picturing the
flared head resting over her tongue and pointing it's menacing slit directly
at her tonsils and the back of her mouth. She looked up at the man.  She
jerked the cock into her mouth, trying to telepathically communicate with him.
"cum, cum, cum , cum" she repeated in her mind, timed with the strokes of her
fist. "shoot, shoot, shoot" she thought.  On the last "shoot", she felt it.  A
stream of semen pulsed out of the cock and struck her tonsils, bathing them
with white liquid. She gulped the white offering down.  She jerked the cock
again, and again a stream of jizz sped out, to slide over her tongue and down
her gullet and join its' mates.  One more time, the penis shuddered a thin
line of white into her mouth that Kim swallowed gratefully.  She looked up at
the man as he grimaced in pleasure, enjoying watching his climax.  She slowly
fed the cock out of her mouth, and pursed her lips to give the head a kiss as
it emerged.

    "There now, wasn't that nice?" she queried.  The man just looked down at
her, shaking his head with the disbelief of such pleasure.  John applauded, as
did most of the others standing around her.

    "Kim, sit up a second.  I think you deserve a reward for your efforts."
He handed her the glass of cooled seminal fluid.

    "Everyone, come forward and watch this.  You are witnessing the birth of a
star!" he spoke loudly to the crowd.  Kim took the glass from his hand,
waiting until the people crowded around her, waiting for the cameras to focus
and the video cameras to begin whirring.  When she was sure that everyone was
ready, she looked up at John, then around the room to the gathering.

    "Well, here's CUM IN YOUR FACE!  Cheers!"

    And so saying, she raised the glass of sperm to her lips, and drank in the
first mouthful.  She sloshed it around in her mouth a moment, then swallowed.
Again she raised the glass, and again she swallowed.  Finally, she raised the
glass over her face, tilted it downwards, and opened her mouth.  The remaining
sperm slid out of the glass and directly between her waiting lips, until there
was no more to be had.

    Kim swallowed thickly several times, and raised the empty glass to the
cheers of the crowd. John offered her his hand, and helped her to her feet.
Her stomach sloshed with the semen of over 35 men.  Her lips and chin were
still spotted with the white stuff, and a stream of it wound its way down her
leg from her ass and pussy.  Her hair was matted with sperm, and her forehead
was bathed with a mixture of sperm and sweat.  But she was happy, and
satisfied.  This had been the most sexually vibrant evening of her life.  She
turned to John.

    "Well, when do we leave for Los Angeles?"

--
