Archive-name: 3plus/kim5.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: The Story of Kim - 5


                                    Chapter 5

    The filming of the movie went ahead on schedule. Kim met her fellow actors
and actresses on the day Andy specified, and they went through a complete
reading of the script, with Andy and the assistant director, a young fellow
named Ted, providing explanations of some of the scenes. Most of the people
seemed excited about the film and it's possibilities, but one girl, a cute
blonde named Pat, had some reservations about the anal scene Andy laid out for
her.

    "I'm not so sure I want to do any more anal stuff, Andy, my ass is still
sore from that flick with Ron Jeremy a few weeks ago. He stuffed that damn
sausage of his so far up my butt that I thought he'd pop his cookies out my
mouth!"

    "Now, Pat, don't worry, your partner for that scene is regular sized, and
I'm sure well have him well lubed up for it. If it really bothers you during
the scene, stop us, and we'll get another girl for it, and somehow work that
into the script." comforted Andy. "Besides, you seemed to come about ten times
during that scene, and Ron told me that you enjoyed it!"

    "Yea, at the time - but who the hell thinks about their ass hurting for
the next month when they're getting butt-reamed!"

    One of Kim's first scenes also turned out to be her first on-screen blow
job and cum shot. Andy wanted her first splatter shot to be a good one. The
context of the scene had her character meet a man at a bar in the city who,
upon hearing her story of sexual converts for her mission, seemed anxious to
sample her delights.  She brought him back to her apartment, and sat him down
on the couch next to her.

    After explaining her ideas for the rebellious group of sexual freedom
fighters, she began stroking the front of his pants.  She felt the shaft under
the cloth begin to harden with blood.  After a few minutes of fondling, she
unbuckled his pants and slipped the zipper down.  Grasping his hard shaft, she
bent and licked around the head tantalizingly.

    The man groaned in appreciation.  Kim quickly scooted down and got on her
knees before him as he leaned back on the couch.  She shucked off her blouse,
and began to worship his prick, dressed in a skirt and panties. Her bra
gleamed white, starkly evident against her rapidly tanning skin. She opened
her mouth fully, and slipped it down over the length of his raging hardon.
Once the entire shaft was buried in her face, she pursed her lips around the
very base of the cock, snuffling in the warm and crinkly pubic hair.

    Meanwhile, the camera slowly moved in for an extreme closeup.  On the
real-time monitor at the other side of the set, some of the actors and crew
members watched in tense silence.  Kim's mouth held the penis prisoner, as her
tongue swabbed up and down the length of it as best she could.  She could feel
the tip nudge the top of her throat and bend slightly downward. She decided to
stay down on the entire length of the cock for as long as she possibly could.
Breathing heavily through her nose, she drew in a huge breath of air.  She
reached up and began rubbing her breasts through  the silky material of her
bra.  Then she reached around behind her and unsnapped the clasp at her back.
The picture on the monitor showed her face grafted onto the man's lap,
kneeling in homage, as she shook the bra off and tossed it away. She still
hadn't moved her mouth up from the very base of the dick. But the viewers
could see the muscles in her mouth, cheeks and neck work their magic on the
flesh pole she sucked.

    After nearly a minute, she slowly backed up off the shaft as her partner
moaned in pleasure.  She came up slowly, slowly, opening her mouth just a bit
as the cock retreated so she could slip her tongue out and bathe the shaft
with saliva.  At the very tip, she slid her tongue out as far as she could and
let the cockhead slide backwards along it. Gobs of pre-cum slipped out the
tiny hole at the head, leaving small white drops on her tongue.  As she backed
off the cock entirely, a strand of cum and saliva joined the tip of her tongue
and the head of the cock.

    She leaned back a few inches as the strand lengthened and began to droop
of its' own weight.  She leaned forward enough to allow some of the cum and
saliva on her tongue to travel down and thicken the interconnecting line of
goo.  The camera zoomed in for an extreme close up, until just the tip of the
cock and the tip of her tongue filled the entire frame, with the suspension
bridge of off-white moisture gapping between the two. Suddenly she pulled back
and the string snapped at the cockhead, laying down to droop across her lower
lip, down over her chin and dangling from her face to the top of the valley
between her breasts. She looked up at her partner, to see a second camera
shooting the scene from above his head.

    "I'm gonna suck your cock so hard and so good that you're going to be
spoiled forever.  You are going to cum in my mouth, my friend, and then I'm
going to swallow your seed.  I may spread some around on my face, but I am
going to eat most of it.  And then you are going to tell your friends that the
pleasure you had has been outlawed by the government, but you think the people
should fight back for their rights. Are you ready?"

    "Oh god, Misty, yes, yes, I'll do anything, just keep on what you're
doing, it feels marvelous!" he responded on cue, but Kim could tell he wasn't
acting that much.  His eyes kind of glazed over, and he thrust his hips at her
face, nudging the tip of her nose with his cock. It leaked a tiny drop of cum
on it.

    "Now, now, don't you cum just yet - I have barely begun your
conversion..." Kim whispered slyly, winking at him/the camera in a sexy voice.

    The side camera moved back to bring her entire face into focus and viewers
at the monitor could now see the drop of sperm on her nose. Kim knew it was
there of course, and made no move to wipe it off. She jerked on the cock in
her hand a few times to force a few more drops of cum out the tip, and then
smoothed them around the head with her tongue.  Finally, she opened her mouth
wide and dropped her head onto the cock once again.

    She sucked and sucked on the cock in her mouth, revelling in the feel of
the hard flesh.  She knew she was a compulsive cock sucker.  She loved the
taste and feel of hard cocks in her mouth, and loved the taste of hot cum.
Every few strokes, she would empty her mouth of dick and gulp in air, feeling
her breasts heave with the effort.  She tweaked the nipples with one hand and
felt them stiffen and push out proudly.  The crew watched in rapt attention.



    Finally, the actor muttered "Oh baby, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum any
second now...."  Kim knew that was her cue to remove the cock from her mouth
and jerk it into her face.  Ted had told her that what he wanted was a good
shot or two of cum into her mouth, then a few onto her face and cheeks, and to
let the rest pump back into her mouth. She was then to slide the cock head out
of her mouth and turn slightly.

    Unlike most directors, he didn't shoot the male actors face's while they
were coming - "Hell, if people wanted to watch the man, there'd be no need for
cum shots on film - I think it's silly, and besides, who wants to watch a man
grunt and groan with his eyes closed when it's the women we paid to see?" he
was quoted as saying.

    Kim stroked the cock for a second, then let the man brush her hand away
and replace it with his. He pumped up and down and aimed the head at her face.
She opened her mouth, revealing a slightly whitened tongue. The first jet of
sperm shot out, striking her front teeth and dropping onto her tongue. The
actor slid his fist up his cock shaft again, keeping the head pointed directly
at the young woman at his knees.  The second sperm shot flew out, stronger
than the first, with complete accuracy, into her open mouth. One more quick
jet followed it, then the man aimed at her forehead. A jet of sperm cannoned
from the cock and landed perfectly straight up her face from the bridge of her
nose to her forehead.  The next struck squarely on her left eye, Kim having
closed it just in time. She snapped her head back slightly to heighten the
effect.

    Within seconds her face was crossed with three more lines of cum, striking
her high cheekbones and nose, then her chin and closed lips. At each squirt,
the man grunted his pleasure out.  Finally he finished, and Kim, looking at
the cock with her one good eye, grasped it and fed it into her mouth as the
last of the cum leaked out onto her slimy tongue.  She slurped it in and
pursed the last few drops out into her mouth.

    The man straightened up, and Kim sat back to allow for a better camera
angle, then leaned to her left just a bit.  The camera came in for a long,
loving view of her cum-soaked face, lingering over the lines on her cheeks and
the heavy drop covering her eyelid. Some eyeshadow started to merge with the
white drop, turning it a milky blue.

    "So how'd you like that, lover?" she purred at the camera.  A small drop
of semen started to slide down off her forehead, rolling over her eyebrow and
falling onto the top of her cheek.  She opened her mouth and displayed the cum
splashed over her teeth and tongue. Kim lolled her tongue around her open
mouth, collecting the sperm from the inside of her cheeks and pooling it.
Then she closed her mouth and visibly swallowed the load. The camera lingered
on her face for a few more seconds and then Ted yelled "CUT! Beautiful, Kim,
that was fantastic, we got every second of it."

    The cast and crew nearby gave her a small round of applause, and the man
she had just sucked off helped her to her feet.  Still blinking the cum from
one eye, a makeup girl came up and handed her a small towel to wipe her face
with. Kim took it thankfully and cleaned herself up a bit. Dabbing at the cum
drops spotting her neck and breasts, she said "Well, so that's how they do it
in the movies, eh?"





    The next day, Kim and the others watched the blond Pat have a four-way
gang bang with three hugely hung studs in a men's room.

    Pat started out sneaking into the men's room of a posh club and hiding in
the last stall. A man came in to piss, and as he stood at the urinal shaking
himself dry, she moaned "Ohhh, god I need a cock, please, baby, give me your
cock..."

    The man walked over to the stall and brushed the door open. Pat sat on the
toilet seat, skirt up around her waist, fingers busily pumping in and out of
her wet slit.  His eyes travelled up her curvy body, lingering at the swell of
her breasts beneath the clingy knit tube top she wore. The nipples hardened
and pushed out the material at the front.

    He hefted the length of his slowly stiffening rod in his right hand and
pointed it at her.  "Is this what you need, little lady".  He pumped blood
into it and it slowly began to rise and aim higher and higher. Pat moaned in
agreement and reached for it with lust in her eyes.

    "Oh no, not yet, I want to make sure you really need it.  I can't just go
around and fuck any slut hanging around the men's room, I need to be sure this
isn't a trap."

    "What do I need to do?"

    "First, bring yourself off with your fingers.  Then I want you out on the
floor, flat on your back. I want you so hot you'll need a firehose to put you
out. I want to see you pump your legs in the air. I want to see your pussy
snap closed and leak juice all over your ass. Then maybe, just maybe, I'll
fuck you so hard you won't ever forget it.  And if anyone else comes in while
we're at it, you're going to take them on as well, all at the same time. We'll
see that you get enough cock to keep you quiet for a few hours, at least."

    Pat looked up at the handsome, yet powerful looking "stranger", an actor
she had appeared with many times on other films.  He had slight kink to his
ways, and loved to watch women masturbate themselves before he would fuck or
suck them, but other than that she thought he was an OK lover.  He continued
to slowly stroke his engorged cock while he watched. A camera from up above
the stall showed the sexual participants staring wild-eyed at each other.  Pat
slowly smoothed her fingers up and down over the neatly trimmed pubic hair
surrounding her cunt, strumming the clitoris peeking out from between the
small folds of skin. She moaned and plunged a finger inside her slick and
grasping pussy.

    "Is this what you want, is this what you want me to do?" she spoke as she
felt the familiar tremblings begin to gather around her cunt and ass. "I'm
fingering myself, I'm sticking my finger up my pussy and swirling it around.
Is that what you want"

    "Yeah, baby, just keep that up. I want to see you jerk and cum all over
this toilet, just keep that up."

    Pat folded two, then three fingers up her spasming cunt and thrust them in
and out.  She loved jerking off, especially in front of other people, enjoyed
watching the looks on their faces as they saw her get her rocks off.  She
rubbed the head of her clit with her thumb as the fingers of the same hand
pumped in and out of her now dripping, soggy cunt.

    "Oh god I think I'm gonna cum in a minute, this is so good, yes, I'm gonna
cum off right about......NOW" she shrieked in real pleasure, as the tremors
hit and carried her over the edge.  She trembled and shook as her orgasm hit,
shrieking in pleasure at the feeling.   The man extended his hand, and helped
her stand.  They left the stall and the actor roughly pushed her ahead of him
to the center of the room.  He tore her skirt off her and threw it on the
floor.

    "On your knees, slut. You've got some sucking to do."  Pat colored and
then slowly sank to her knees in front of him. Still stroking his dick, the
man held one hand on her shoulder as she assumed the classic position -
haunches on the back of her feet, hands on her thighs, staring up at him in a
combination of fear, lust, and apprehension.

    "Stick your tongue out, all the way out." he commanded.  Pat opened her
mouth and extended her tongue as far out as it could go.  He placed the tip of
his cock on it.  "Now lick it."  She twirled the tip around with her tongue,
sliding the pearly drops of pre-cum off and sliding them back into her mouth.
Finally, she simply made a big "O" with her lips, and the man slid his prick
all the way into her mouth, until the pubic hair on his belly tickled at her
nose.

    "Now suck, and don't stop until I tell you to.  If anyone comes in, just
keep on going - no one will dare to interrupt us."  Pat nodded in aggreement
and began earnestly sucking on the tremendouse cock being stuffed into her
face.  She slid up and down the hard shaft, wetting it with her saliva and
making the bone glisten in the harsh lights of the studio. Cameras on either
side and above them captured all the exciting angles.  Pat loved to give head
on camera.  The actor placed both hands on the sides of her head and moved her
back and forth on his cock, fucking her face with more than a little
roughness. But Pat didn't mind this - she loved being halfway forced to suck
cock, somehow it made the kinkiness of the scene even more exciting.  The
actor just enjoyed her attentions for as long as he could stand it, then he
began to shudder and shake.

    "Oh baby, here it comes, it's gonna cum in your mouth, baby, just hold it
in there, don't move..."  and before Pat could do anything, she felt the prick
pulse and jet a long stream of semen into her mouth.  She let it pulse once,
then twice more, then following Ted's direction, gasped and popped the stalk
from her face.  It sprayed a rope of sperm across the top of her head and into
her hair, then another crossed her nose and right eye. The actor grabbed his
cock with one hand, and, tilting her head back with the other, shot several
lines and drops of cum across her countenance. Pat shuddered with an orgasm as
she came in time with him.

    Finally he was finished. Pat's face was covered with several lines of
white sperm, slowly dripping downwards to her neck and breasts.  She drew in a
breath and looked at him.  Her mouth still contained the three spurts from the
beginning of the man's ejaculation, and her bottom lip hung open and trailed a
small line of white from inside. Kim watched the cameras come in and focus on
the sperm-splattered young woman's face.  Pat looked up at the man who had
just ejaculated on her, but didn't say a word. Suddenly, according to the
script, the door to the men's room opened and three burly young men walked in
joking and talking.  As soon as they saw the scene in the middle of the room,
they stopped short.

    "What the fuck!  Jeezus, what's this shit all about?" spoke one
incredulously.

    "This slut needs a good fucking or two, or maybe more. Are you guys game?"
was the answer from the recently, but only for a few moments, satisfied first
actor.  He turned her to face the newcomers. "As you can see, she enjoys
having men come in her and on her, and she loves to bring herself off with her
fingers too.  I propose that we see to it that the little lady has her fill of
cum in the next few minutes, what say?"

    "Holy shit, she's got cum all over her face - and look at that, it's all
in her mouth too. Hot damn, this bitch is hot.."  The men all spoke at once in
excited tones, rapidly approaching the still-kneeling woman.  They removed
their clothes as they came near her.  Pairs of hands lifted her up to a
standing position.  She reached out and closed her fists over the two nearest
cocks, and wiggled her ass towards the remaining one.  The actors quickly
assumed the positions sketched out by Andy and Tom for the scene.

    One man lay down on Pat's skirt, holding the shaft of his cock up into the
air.  She turned her back on him and slowly lowered her wet and slushly cunt
over the cockshaft, sinking down over it with a sigh and a deep drawn out
moan.  The next man straddled her torso with his legs and fitted his cock
between her heaving breasts.  He pumped up and down between them, each time
striking the bottom of her now cum-wet chin with the tip of it.  The triad
spent some minutes fucking and stroking before the other half of the group
began to complain about being left out. Again, they changed positions.  The
man who had been fucking her cunt slid his wet and soaking shaft from her
vagina and pushed slightly forward on her hips, adjusting the lower opening
being presented to him from the reproductive channel to the elimination
channel.  He probed with his finger until he found the tight, clenched
opening, which refused him access.

    "Open up, bitch, or you'll really be sorry."  Pat shuddered and willed
herself to relax a bit.  Slowly, inch by inch, her rectum opened up to admit
the slimy intruder.  She felt the man's finger climb into her asshole with
relentless, yet tender feelings.  The man moved his finger in and out of her
ass several times, then as he ran his finger out the last time, moved so that
his cock shaft was there to take it's place when it popped out.  Hardly had he
done so when Pat let herself fall completely down on the man's belly,
forcefully imbedding the steely flesh in her bottom channel.

    "OHGODOHGODITSSOBIGSOBIGIMGONNACUMCUMCUM" she yelled in real feeling. By
now, Pat wasn't acting anymore, as far as she was concerned, this was the real
thing. Getting hotter and hotter by the moment, she let herself get swallowed
up and carried away by the moment.  She shuddered, then shuddered again as the
man fucking her tits slid down and shoved his cock full length into her pussy.
She now had over 16 inches of cockmeat absorbed into her body, and was
yearning for more.

    A third man stepped up and offered his shining penis to her mouth.  A face
still rimmed with white looked up at him, and cum-covered lips opened to
accept the length of manhood before her. She slowly worked her lips down over
the shaft, munching away until there was no more to be seen outside her body.
The outline of the cock made the muscles in her throat and neck bulge in
tension.  Camera men raced to move into more advantageous positions.  For
several minutes, the quartet of sexual performers thrust, groaned and pulsed
with the raw sounds and motions of sex.  Pat accepted the ramming and shoving
of the hard pricks within her body, loving the tremendous feeling of fullness
it gave her. She shivered through an orgasm. Over two feet of hard cock was
imbedded into her body from the three male partners.

    One by one the men thrust themselves into the warm receptacles of
womanhood offered them, one in the pussy, one in the ass, and one in the
spermy mouth. Pat loved it.  She loved the raw sexuality of gang bangs,
especially in the somewhat controlled confines of the movie set.  She would
never let herself get into this kind of situation in real life, but in the
relative safety of the movie set, she could let her self go completely, with
little or no thought of her own ultimate safety.

    "Please, ...please.... I need your cum, please cum all over me, all over
me, I need it right now..." she spoke breathlessly after removing the wet cock
from her mouth.  The camera had come in for a tight closeup of her scrunched
up face and shining breasts, as she spit the shivering cock from her lips.
The men quickly pulled out of their respective holes and stood around Pat in a
tight semicircle.  They offered their cocks to her. Leaning forward, still on
her knees, the actress engulfed the middle cock with her mouth and reached for
the other two with her hands.  Shoving her face forward thru sheer willpower,
she throated the trembling shaft. She diddled her own clit and pussy wildly,
deep in the throes of orgasm herself. Jerking and pulling on the other shafts,
the men were soon at the point of orgasm.  Almost as a trio, the three cocks
exploded in a torrent of cum that flew out and splattered the young girl
before then.

    Great gouts of cum rained down on Pat's already sweaty and stained head
and face.  Arcs of semen draped themselves over her shoulders and neck.  Jizz
landed on her breasts and heaving belly. From the left and right, no matter
which way she turned and twisted in ecstasy, Pat was greeted by missiles of
white liquid.  She leaned back, reveling in the warm shower of sperm.  Opening
her mouth in a wordless scream of pleasure, she was cut off when several lines
of white wetness flew into it, nearly choking her with suprise.  For several
seconds the air above her was white with flying jizzum.  Finally the orgasms
ended.  Cameras had caught it all, three being used as individual records of
the three cocks, and one capturing the entire scene from above and around the
group.

    Pat stood up shakily, the cum streaming from her body in lines of white.
Some extended from her neck nearly to her waist, others crossed her belly,
pubic area and thighs.  She closed her eyes in rapture.  A lone camera closed
in on her face and lingered over the cum-splattered visage. Finally it faded
out.

    The assembled crew burst out in applause.  The men waved their arms in
acknowledgement, and Pat shyly ducked her head, watching the cum drip off it
onto the skirt beneath her feet.  When she looked up again, the makeup girl
was handing her a towel and a cup of coffee.

    "Thanks, honey.  Whew, what a shower...My God, those fuckers must've been
doing without any pussy for weeks they way they unloaded all over me. Hey Ted,
how was that!!" she crowed in victory.  She rubbed the towel over her body,
wiping the cooling sperm from her skin with obvious relish.

    "Great Pat, just great.  Good rehearsal, next time we'll put film in the
cameras!" he yelled jokingly from the side of the set.

    "Ted, you fuckhead, don't scare me like that!" she yelled back, throwing
the soggy towel at him in mock terror. Kim chuckled at the scene.

    The next several days found Kim doing most of her non-sexual scenes,
collecting converts for her sex revolt and expanding on the coverage of her
revolt.  She was stilted and hesitant at first, but Andy and Ted were patient
with her and never let on that her delays and muffed lines were costing money.
After a few days, though, she settled down and became more at ease in front of
the camera when speaking.  She thought it funny that she was not nervous or
apprehensive at all when fucking or sucking in front of the camera, but when
called upon to speak lines or interact with the others, butterflies flew.  The
cast and crew travelled around to various outside locations carefully
researched to look like a city of the future, sometimes having strange run-ins
with security guards, police and regular citizens.  But since no sex scenes
were ever shot in public, very few of the civilians they encountered either
realized, or let on, that they were filming a pornographic film.  One scene
had to be shot twice, because the dance club they were filming in never really
got emptied out completely, and the scene soon degenerated into a full blown
orgy that didn't really fit in with the plot of the picture.

    Nevertheless, Andy and Ted collected several hours of fucking and sucking
that they were sure could be put to good use at some time, even if most of the
ejaculations did take place normally, out of sight of the everpresent cameras.
Andy knew that no matter where the cum shot happened, sooner or later most of
the sperm showed up somewhere, either down a leg, out an asshole, or trickling
down a chin.  Only the swallowed cum lost it's chance for stardom on the video
screens of history.

    The last scenes shot were the major sex scenes.  They included Kim's first
girl-girl scene, which she enjoyed for what they were, but to her mind
couldn't replace the feeling of a good hard cock.  Also included were several
one on one scenes with the male actors of the film, one where she fucked and
sucked three guys in a sweaty steam room, and one where she and two other
women sucked cunt in a daisy chain until they were discovered by several of
the men, and as "punishment for not including the men" in their fun, asked to
lay head to head while the men jerked off on their faces and breasts.  Whether
by chance or on purpose, a great majority of the cum decorated KIm's lovely
face more than the other two girs, and she was more than willing to allow it
to happen. Kim's favorite scene, and the "climactic" orgy of the film,
involved all the participants in a massive 45 minute group grope that ended
with every male in the film pulsing jet after jet of jizz over Kim's nude,
sweaty form as it lay on a raised platform in the middle of a darkened stage,
lit only by a single strong floodlight.  She accepted the outpourings of their
sex as one after another of the women lay between her legs and tortured her
clitoris and pussy into climax after climax.  When it was over, she collected
the small lakes of cum from around her slimy body and rubbed the semen over
her face and breasts.

    As a special footnote to the film, Andy included outtake footage from the
shootings, including one hilarious scene which occured when Kim was deep-
throating a massive cock that was so large, and so far down her throat that
she couldn't whip it out of her face before it pulsed a few strong jets of cum
straight into her belly.  Coughing up sperm , she wrenched the cock from her
mouth only to have the last jet pulse straight up her nose.  She hacked up
some cum from around her tonsils and looked straight at the camera.

    "Oh shit, he came right down my throat!  Sorry, guys, I guess I blew that
one!"  Not realizing her play on words, the crew broke into gales of laughter.
When the reason struck her, Kim convulsed in giggles, then burped loudly.
This, of course, set off another round of hilarity.

    Another scene which didn't make the finished film was the first take of
Pat's mens room gang bang.  After the first man shot his load into , around
and over Pat's smiling face, the other three actors entered the room and began
walking towards the couple. One actor slipped on the cum all over the tiled
floor and went flat on his ass.  For a second, no one said a word, then the
entire party broke into laughter.  After making sure that no bones were broken
(or bent), the actors went out and tried again, this time completing the
scenes with no further accidents. And so Kim's first adult movie was
completed, and would now go into post-production. Kim anxiously awaited the
call from Andy to help out.

--
