Archive-name: Bondage/kinkwknd.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Kinky Weekend


        My Girlfriend and I get into some pretty kinky things, but a threesome 
with one of her friends taught us both what kinky really meant.
 
        I was in my dorm room talking to my roomate when the phone rang.
        "Hello?"
        "Jack?" It was Brenda, my girlfriend.
        "Hi babe. Where you at? Been looking for you for a while."
        "I'm at Jill's house. Her parents are out of town for a few weeks and 
she wants us to keep her company this evening."
        "Okay. That's cool with me. I'll be over in a few."
        "Bye." I hung up the phone.
        "Well I gotta take off. See you later, Tom." I Grabbed my keys and 
headed out the door.
        "Later Jack." The door closed. I always thought Jill was a little 
anti-social. She lived in town with the college (what a bummer) so she had to 
live at home. But now her parents were gone and instead of being out partying 
she's house-sitting. 
 
        When I got to Jill's house, Brenda met me at the door. "Jack," she 
said putting her arms around me and drawing me into the house as we kissed. 
"Nice to see you could make it." We went into the living room where Jill sat 
on the couch in a rather revealing gown. Her long red hair just dangling into 
her creamy white cleavage. I've always had a thing for redheads, but I had 
never found Jill attractive until now.
        I tried to change the subject. "What's the entertainment for the 
evening?"
        "I'll go get them," Jill responded. She got up and disappeared into 
another part of the house. I sat down in the middle of the couch, and Brenda 
took up a position on the left of me, leaving Jill her spot on the right. I 
ran my fingers through Brenda's white-blonde hair. She was almost albino so 
her skin was as pale as Jills. 
        "What's she getting," I asked.
        "Movies." Brenda covered my mouth with hers, to prevent any further 
questions. Jill returned with several video tapes and a cloth carry-bag with 
some yarn in it. I wondered briefly if she was into knitting.
        Jill put one of the tapes in and turned on the TV. "Brenda says you 
guys like kinky stuff. Well I have a pen-pal in Sweden who gets these really 
interesting videos and sends me copies. I have a pretty exstensive selection."
        I was surprised at this, but not at all unpleased. I had been looking 
forward to spending all night with Brenda, but this just might turn out 
better. 
        The picture came on the screen. The dialogue was in a foreign tongue, 
but what was going on was obvious. A man was in a bedroom with three women, 
supposedly his wife and two daughters. The daughters were still in their 
panties, but mom was naked on the bed, spread eagled. The man had a jar of 
some clear oily substance and was spreading it over his wifes genitals. He
worked it around with his fingers, then slid three of them into her. She 
moaned a little and pushed against his hand. The daughters cheered them on. 
Finally, the man began to push his entire fist into her vagina. 
        I stared in amazement at the scene. I glanced over at Brenda who was 
biting her lip thinking about it, then to Jill who was already playing with 
herself through her gown.
        On the screen mom had flipped over onto her hands and knees, and one 
of the daughters' hands had replaced her father's. He was lubing up her 
asshole with the clear stuff. He slid two fingers in almost immediately, then 
took them out to replace them with his large cock. The man's cock slid in and 
out of her asshole until finally he pulled out and came all over her ass.
        The scene ended. Jill stopped the tape with the remote. "How'd you 
like to try that one out?" My heart and my cock jumped.
        Brenda spoke before I did. "I don't know about you Jill, but I want to 
be on the receiving end at least once." 
        "Me too," Jill said, staring at me with a glazed look of lust in her 
eyes. She got up, stripped off her robe, and reached for the bag of yarn. She 
pulled out two rolls of yarn from the top to reveal an assortment of sex toys.
She returned with a tube of Slippery Stuff, lay down on the floor, and began 
smoothing it over her pussy. Brenda had already stripped and lay down next to 
Jill with their pussies facing me. Soon they were both working themselves with 
two fingers. Brenda reached for the bag of "toys" Jill had and pulled out a 
rather large double-dong. Jill was really moaning at this point and Brenda 
motioned for me. My hard-on was straining against my pants, so I quickly 
removed them and my underwear and moved in.
        Brenda positioned herself in front of Jill and I slid the rubber cock 
into their pussies. Jill moaned loudly sounding as if she would cum soon. I 
jerked the dildo back and forth until both girls were cumming loudly. Their 
orgasms subsided and I pulled out the dildo and layed it aside. I watched the 
two naked female bodies, realizing my lust for Jill. She had always seemed so 
anti-social. Now I realize she was probably just busy pleasuring herself at 
home.
        Jill recovered from her orgasm first. "Jack, I need a real cock. Fuck 
me." She spread her legs in front of me and started playing with herself 
again. I needed no further urging. I moved in front of her and pushed my cock 
into her still well-lubed cunt. Jill moaned as my cock just touched her 
cervix. I slid slowly back out and then slowly back in as far as I could go. 
Jill seemed to like this. 
        Brenda was fumbling around in the bag and found a strap-on dildo. She 
showed it to me and I nodded. She moved behind me and I could feel her 
fingertips spreading the lube in the crack of my ass. I spread my knees a bit 
and leaned forward to give her better access. As Jill and I fucked, Brenda 
slid two fingers into my asshole and worked them around. The almost direct 
stimulation of my prostate made my cock jump and I almost came. But I slowed 
down my strokes into Jill until I got used to the sensation. 
        Then I felt the head of Brenda's "cock" push its way into my ass. We 
had tried this with hand-held dildos, but the sensation of feeling my 
girlfriend fucking me up the ass was almost too much. Jill was already moaning 
in orgasm and the feeling was swelling inside of me as well. My entire body 
tingled. The cock in my ass felt like part of me, all climaxing at once. I 
shook as I pumped wad after wad of hot semen into Jill's vagina. I fell on top 
of Jill, spent, the rubber dildo still deep in my ass. 
        Brenda pulled the dildo out and took it off. "It's my turn now Jack," 
she said laying back spread wide. I pulled out of Jill and showed her my limp 
cock. "That's okay, you'll just have to use something else." She was looking 
at my hand. "That's right, Jack. Fist fuck me."
        I lubricated my hand with the Slippery Stuff and worked in three 
figners, then four. She wriggled on my fingers. "C'mon Jack, give me the whole 
thing."  I pulled my fingers out, made a fist with my thumb under the fingers 
and pushed. I had trouble believing what I saw. I pushed my entire hand inside 
her pussy. It was unbelievable. She grunted as the fist passed and her muscles 
tightened on my wrist. "OH GOD!" she moaned. 
        By this time Jill was back in the game and was sucking my newly erect 
penis. She moved the lower half of her body toward Brenda who took the hint 
and rammed her fist into Jill's pussy. Jill practically purred as if returning 
to some familiar, but ecstatic, feeling. The sight of two girls with fists in 
their cunts almost made me lose it then, but again I held off. I opened the 
hand in Brenda's box and wiggled the fingers. Brenda Exploded in an orgasm 
that shook her entire body.
        After Brenda stopped cumming, I removed my hand and moved around 
behind Jill. She had replaced me in Brenda's pussy, and was shoving a well-
oiled finger in her asshole. 
        I re-lubed my cock and spread Jill's ass cheeks. She grunted as I 
pushed into her hot rear with my throbbing erection. Her ass was nice and 
tight and practically milked me for cum. I looked to Brenda, who was now 
getting fucked in the ass by one end of the double-dong, with Jill's fist 
still in her pussy. Brenda pulled her hand out of Jill's cunt and started 
fingering my asshole. I shoved my left hand in to replace Brenda's. I opened 
my hand and Jill started to quake with a building climax. Brenda was getting 
extremely adamant with her moaning. She had worked four fingers into my 
asshole, and now she shoved her whole fist in. I was stroking myself off with 
the hand in Jill's cunt through the tissue of her rectum. When Brenda finally 
started to cum, she jerked her fist in and out of me and I blew my wad then.
The feeling of the hot cum spurting in her asshole was finally too much for 
Jill, and now all three of us were a heap of orgasm. We all collapsed on top 
of each other, exhausted.
        "Same time tomorrow night?" Jill asked.
        "Sounds good to me," Brenda replied. "I still haven't had a fist up my 
ass."
 
 
--
 

        Later on that evening we awoke and started watching videos again.  The 
first video was about a girl (about 15 looking) who went into a whore house 
posing as a boy.  Again a foreign film, but this one had english subtitles.  
The girl was in a hat and loose clothes to cover her femininity.  A tall, 
voluptuous blonde walked into the room and started to undress.  The girl, 
Bobby (Bobbi), touched the woman's breasts in wonder as she removed the 
underwear she had on.  The woman instinctively reached for the "boy's" crotch.
Not feeling a bulge she removed the hat revealing the girl's long light-brown 
hair.  

        "You're not a boy."  The girl looked frightened.  "Helga, there's a 
girl in here that thinks she's a boy," the woman called to another room.

        "I've got just the thing."  Helga, a large black-haired woman, 
appeared in the room with small bag.  She looked at Bobbi.  "So you think 
you're a boy.  I'll show you what we do to little boys."  Helga and the other 
woman stripped Bobbi naked and put her on the bed face down.  They tied her 
spread eagled and forced a pillow under her middle, raising her ass into the 
air.  The blonde proceeded to spank Bobbi's ass with her hand.  The hand came 
down on her buttocks, smacking loudly.  At first Bobbi protested, but before 
long she was thoroughly enjoying the spanking.  The spanking stopped, leaving 
her creamy cheeks red.  Helga pulled a narrow dildo out of the bag and 
strapped it on.  She lubed it with something and got on top of Bobbi.  She 
shoved the dildo into Bobbi's asshole as far as it would go.  Bobbi moaned 
loudly and started to wiggle her ass.  The dildo pulled out and plunged in 
again, this time deeper than before.  She continued to hump the cock into 
Bobbi's ass until Bobbi was moaning loudly in ecstacy.  

        The other woman went into the bag and pulled out the remaining toys:  
a long thick rubber dong, a double ended dildo with vibrator base, and a 
really big butt plug.  While Helga continued to hump Bobbi's ass, the blonde 
put on a camera show, spreading her ass-cheeks wide and inserting four fingers 
into her tremendous asshole.  Then she shoved the huge butt-plug into her ass.  
She got behind Helga, shoved one end of the double dildo into her pussy, and 
the other end into Helga's asshole.  Helga took the rubber dong and shoved it 
into Bobbi's lonely pussy.  The group moved as a single mass for a while until 
Bobbi screamed in orgasm.  The sound of her enjoyment set off the other two 
women and they all collapsed in a quivering heap of orgasm.  

        The video went off and Jill was the first to speak.  "That's one of my 
favorites.  I even went out and bought the Butt-plug just like the video.  She 
showed us the device, much larger in real life than on the screen.  

        "What else do have in there?"  Brenda asked, pointing at the bag.  

        "You might like these."  Jill threw her a wad of rubber.  Brenda 
unfolded it revealing that it was a pair of rubber panties with two dildos 
mounted inside.  

        "I like to wear them to aerobics classes.  I get a really GOOD 
workout.  Try 'em on."  Brenda slid them up her legs.  She spread her legs 
apart then, and pushed the larger of the two rubber cocks into her pussy.  She 
motioned to me for assistance.  I bent her over a cabinet and spread her ass 
cheeks.  

        "Allow me,"  Jill said.  She had a tube of Super Anal-Lube in her hand 
with some sort of tube attached to it.  "It's an applicator,"  she said before 
I could ask.  "You'll love it."  I spread Brenda's buttocks and Jill slid the 
applicator deep into Brenda's rectum.  She squeezed the tube quickly, almost 
emtying it into Brenda's ass.  

        "Ummmm.  Feels like somebody just came in my ass."

--
