Copyright © 1997,  Rich Humus,   ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.






                            The Story of Kim
                             by Rich Humus

                              Chapter One

    Everything seemed to happen in slow motion. The cock shook and
trembled. It spat out a stream of white. The jizzlet flew through the air
to land with a heavy splotch on the blond woman's left cheekbone. The cock
pulsed once again.  A streak of hot wet white whizzed out, splayed
gracefully in the air, and traced a line up the woman's face from below her
cheekbone into her hairline.  It curled up over her cheek, across her pert
nose, and into the socket of her eye.  It continued up over her eyebrow and
across her forehead before disappearing into her hair.  Even before the
white line had splattered forcefully into her face, the snake-like prong
shuddered again. The rope of man-goo was even thicker than the previous one
had been.  It shot out like a white cannonball, and the girl watched
spellbound as it approached-her face. She opened her mouth as wide as she
could, and adjusted the angle of her head.  The sperm approached.  It
headed straight into her open mouth, striking her uvula soundly and
splattering forcefully backwards across and over her teeth and gums.  It
flowed wetly across her tongue.  A large globule of sperm trickled off her
tongue, dropped onto her tonsils, and slowly swam down her rosy esophagus
to pool quietly in her stomach.  She let the remaining semen collect in her
mouth, careful not to let any more slide relentlessly down her throat
before she wanted it to. She opened her one clear eyelid, and checked the
penises jutting at her face.  The first one had shot three times.

    Kim had done some testing earlier with a measuring cup and water. She
could hold almost two cups of water in her swollen mouth without spilling
or swallowing any.  She hoped to collect that much semen during this
tournament.  Doing some quick calculation, she figured the first cock would
have three, maybe four more shots.  And there were over 30 hard fat cocks
to go. A delicious shudder ran through her, as she contemplated the barrage
of semen to come.  Winning this contest would go a long way towards
fulfilling her dream of becoming an adult film star.  She had read about it
in an underground swingers magazine, and had been enthralled from the very
beginning.  The premise was simple. The contestants were being judged on
the amount of sperm they could hold in their mouths.  They were allowed to
collect it from off their faces, but nowhere else - no necks, tits, hair or
hands.  How it got into their mouths was of their choice.  They could fuck
the men and make sure that the ejaculation took place orally.  They could
have the men jerk off straight into their mouths, or if they were
squeamish, into a glass that they then would quaff.  Kim had seen one girl
do that earlier.  She collected a fair amount of squirt from about 16
virile men, and dripped the champagne glass full right into her open mouth.
This scene so turned on several other men that they ignored her wishes, and
proceeded to masturbate directly onto her face and into her mouth.  She
could do nothing but accept the cum shower, since if she turned away or
closed her mouth, she would have been disqualified.

    Kim, on the other hand, had no such reservations.  She seemed to get a
quirky satisfaction out of seeing the men panting and trembling while they
rubbed and pulled on their cocks, aiming the purplish heads at her
exceedingly pretty face.  She spent a fair amount of time trying to figure
out what was so exciting about ejaculating semen onto a woman's face.  She
thought maybe that it was because a woman spent much time and money on
makeup to insure that she looked her prettiest, and that for a man to
ejaculate on her face was an act of domination and mastery.  But semen
wasn't dirty.  It was a warm, bodily fluid, full of life and containing the
essence of a man.  If a man wanted to piss on her, that was something
entirely different.   Sperm was not a waste product, it was something that
only a man could give to a woman.

    Kim had seen enough adult movies to know that the facial cum shot was a
favorite of producers and directors, and thus probably of the audience.
After all, if they didn't want it, the movie makers wouldn't film it that
way.  She knew that some women would fuck the ugliest guys around, and
allow themselves to be treated like whores, but would not allow a man to
cum on their faces.  She couldn't understand that. What difference did it
make? A cumshot was a cumshot, and if the star or the director wanted it on
your face, so be it.  She didn't mind at all.  Cum wouldn't kill you.  In
fact, Kim thought, because of its proteins and other natural essences,
semen was probably good for your skin.  She often rubbed it into her face
after a healthy bout of sex with her boyfriend, after breathlessly gasping
for him to ejaculate, not in her pussy, but all over her sweating face.
Mostly, the men were glad to cooperate.  Over the course of the last few
years, Kim had both swallowed the salty mixture, and just as often,
massaged it into her face.  And she hadn't had a blemish or even the hint
of a pimple or blackhead in all that time, and her skin was so soft and
smooth, she rarely needed to wear any makeup at all.  So to her, it was a
cycle - the pretty face that got the most sperm on it remained pretty with
almost no additional care. She didn't spend a dime on fancy soaps, facial
scrubs or expensive makeup. All the face cream she needed was at the end of
a tube of flesh that she had little or no trouble extracting.

    But now she had more important things on her mind.  She pooled the
collected semen in her mouth, and waited for the next ejaculatory squirt.
It was not long in arriving, a cock missile that shot into her mouth with
the wet force of a bullet, knocking her head backwards once again.  The
sperm rocketed around inside her mouth, spreading a thin white paste of
fluid over her teeth.  A large globule sat thickly on her tongue.  The man
grunted and once again unclenched his thumb from around his swelling glans.
A ribbon of white shot out, tracing a line from the left corner of Kim's
mouth up over her cheek and into her eye socket. The man moved closer,
putting one hand on Kim's head and directing her to place her gaping mouth
directly under his penis.  He angled it downwards, just a scant few inches
from her face.  He unclenched once again with a roar.  The backed up cum
squirted out like a miniature firehose full of white paint.  It drooled and
dripped into her open mouth, seemingly without end.  It dropped between her
open lips without spilling over at all.  Kim curled her tongue backwards
and closed off the passage to her stomach.  She couldn't afford to waste
this.

    The other men drew closer, turned on like never before at the spectacle
of a ravishingly beautiful blond woman accepting the sperm of an eight-inch
cock straight into her mouth.  Finally the flood was over, and the man
shook his penis a few times, to ensure that the last few drops from deep in
his balls were forced out.  One droplet landed with a qooey squish on Kim's
nose, and the rest found their landing place variously on her face.  He
stepped away. Kim held up her hands to indicate a time-out.  She traced one
long red-nailed finger up into her semen-pooled eye sockets, collecting the
juice and transferring it to her mouth.  She roamed around her wet, sticky
face, bringing as much of the lines and drops of sperm down into her mouth
as she could.  Finally, her face was somewhat clear again, and she blinked
open her eyes.  Motioning for the second man to come forward, she open her
mouth, and reached for his trembling cock, not a second too soon.  The
moment her smooth palmed hand touched it, it exploded in a torrent of cum.
She directed the head of the cock to just between her lips, knowing that if
she forced it any further in, it may displace the already collected sperm
out her compressed lips, or worse, down into her stomach.  She tickled the
bottom of the glans with her tongue, coaxing the sperm out in excited
rushes.  One, two , three, four long squirts roped out into her mouth.  She
jacked on the cock several times for good measure, extracting several more
smaller, albeit still worthwhile, driblets of sperm. By now the semen
collected by her efforts was beginning to wash up over her gumline, and her
back teeth were covered with the white liquid.

    She backed off the cock, dipped her head downwards to collect the
semen, and motioned for the next man to step forwards.  Again, she placed
the tip of his cock, which was luckily rather thin, though quite long,
between her once-rosy, but now semen-covered lips.  She dropped her hands
to rest on her thighs.  The man placed his hand around his cock, stroking
it into her mouth with practiced determination.  Finally he let his hand
pull back on the cock until it lodged in his bristly pubic hair, and
clenched the muscles in his ass.  Kim later would swear she heard, as well
as felt, the torrent of semen flow into her mouth. It shot out in a white
ropy stream, filling even more of her mouth up. Suddenly she felt a grunt
and a "whoosh" in her left ear, as one over-excited man next to her
now-sticky head placed the tip of his cock in her ear, and proceeded to
ejaculate several strands of white cum into it.  Kim quickly cupped her
hand under the ear, and allowed the semen to leak out of it.  She brought
the hand up to her mouth, and licked the small puddle of cum out of it.
"Lucky for me he didn't come too much. I think I got it all..." she thought
to herself.

        Another man stepped forward, a black man with a cock that Kim
guessed to be at least nine or ten inches long, and several inches around.

        "Just lean back and open up, pretty lady, I'll shoot it right into
your mouth, and not spill a drop." he calmly said. Kim obeyed him. He moved
closer, so that the tip of his cock was just three or four inches from her
semen-spotted face.  He stroked it several times rapidly, and finally
grunted through his teeth "Here it comes, baby, get ready!"  The horse
cock's slit opened up, and a river of sperm rushed out, arcing beautifully
into the woman's open mouth.  The first spurt broke over her teeth, and
splashed so much that a tiny wave of cum broke over her lower lip, to drool
down her chin.  Kim quickly cupped her hand under her chin, to again
capture the semen and not let it escape.

        Again the penis shuddered and shot out a stream of white semen. It
flowed into Kim's sexy mouth like a river of cream.  The sperm hit her
tongue, arched up to splash on the roof of her mouth and settled back to
join the rest of the microscopic spermatozoa now floating in her oral
cavity.  Kim shuddered to a small orgasm at the thought that there were
billions of tiny sperms swimming around her teeth and gums, relentlessly
searching for an egg to fertilize.  They would find no egg today, Kim
thought.  There were sperm from tall, dark haired men with blue eyes, sperm
from black men with skin like coal and deep brown eyes, there were sperms
from small red haired men with freckles, and soon there would be more. Kim
noticed at least two Asian men in the line waiting for their turn, and
several other blacks, an Italian-looking man, and several Jews. "A real
United Nations of semen in my mouth.." thought Kim.

    The black man moved his cock a bit farther away from Kim's face,
perhaps to let the others view the lines of sperm rocketing into her mouth.
He slid his powerful looking hand up over the tip of his prick, pinching
the head between his thumb and forefinger. He looked down at Kim, kneeling
before him like a concubine in the royal harem of some long ago Nubian
emperor.

        "Lady, I'm gonna do something special for you now. It's a little
trick I learned in the Army from a hooker in Saigon.  I've pinched off my
cock. But I ain't done cummin' yet, that's for sure.  I'm going to send
such a load of jizz into your pretty face, you'll swear I was peein' white.
Every last bit of cum I've been saving for four days is going straight into
your pretty little face.  How'd you like that?"

        Kim looked up at him, sloshed the fluid sperm around in her mouth a
bit, and tried to talk without spilling any.

        "Dat wudbe murvlus, 'oney" she murmured, careful not to drool over
her barely open lips. "Led be make some roob..".  It was almost comical, as
Kim could picture herself kneeling in front of a circle of mostly total
strangers, semen clotting her hair, dressed only in heels, stockings and
panties.  Drops of sperm dotted her breasts and shoulders, and several more
slowly dried about her face. Her once perfectly coiffured hair was now
splotched with the seminal offerings of various men. Her eyebrows were
soaking wet.  Even her dainty eyelashes had small tears of sperm hanging
from them.  She reached down with one hand to rub her aching clitoris, and
quaked from an orgasm.  She leaned her head back, cracked her jaw from side
to side, and opened her mouth as wide as she possible could.

    Spectators even several feet back could plainly see the pool of white
liquid collected in her mouth.  Many were thinking it was the most erotic
scene they had ever seen, unrivaled in its' sheer perversity and its'
dreamlike, almost ephemeral quality.  Fucking and sucking had become so
commonplace anymore that there was very little left to jade this
sophisticated crowd.  But the sight of a beautiful blond woman, blessed
with firm, rounded breasts with erect nipples a half-inch long, supple,
perfectly proportioned legs, and an amazingly pretty face, eagerly awaiting
the onslaught of semen to come into her lovely mouth, was a sight they
would all remember for years to come.

        The black man tensed and shuddered.  His buttocks clenched
powerfully. Again he tensed.  The crowd could sense the buildup of semen
backing up the length of his cock. Once more he grunted, tensed and almost
buckled at the knees.  A bead of sweat formed on his nose, and dropped to
the floor.  His whole body seemed to be tensing like a coiled spring.   A
small drop of semen escaped from the tip of his straining prick.  Kim
reached out with her forefinger and collected it up.  The man backed still
farther away from her face and beckoning mouth. He looked at her.  She
looked him straight in the eye, and nodded almost imperceptibly. She
waited. One more time, he seemed to collapse inward for a moment, and then
arched his back, pointed the near bursting penis at Kim, and slid his hand
back to his pubic hair with a quick jerk.  For a split-second, nothing
happened. Then the eye of his cock opened up, and a stream of semen sped
outward.

        Straight into her open mouth, the sperm flowed.  Like some crazy
water fountain, the cum roped between her lips, and set the pool of liquid
collected there to splashing and foaming.  The man backed away. Still the
jizz sped out, now a liquid white line connecting the tip of his cock and
the interior of Kim's mouth, almost two feet apart.  To some observers, it
did indeed look like he was pissing white. For what seemed like an
eternity, but was in reality only a few seconds, the bizarre scene
continued.  Kim kneaded her clitoris and pussy lips roughly, shuddering
through a series of powerful orgasms as her mind reeled at the immensity of
the man's cum shot. One woman at the back of the crowd almost fainted dead
away, it was later learned.  Abruptly, it was over.

        The man had ejaculated a single jet of semen for more than eight
seconds.  This was no drippy, slimy cum shot from an exhausted set of
balls. This was no "two quick spurts and it's over"  job like so many had
seen before.  This was a CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM shot to end all
cum shots.  Kim was amazed at the volume of semen now inhabiting her mouth.
She could no longer face forward with her lips apart without having strands
of white ropy goo drip from her lips.  She had to tilt her face backwards
to keep the jizz from leaking out. It completely covered her lower teeth,
and her tongue was nowhere to be seen.  She closed her mouth, and looked at
the black man, a mixture of envy, astonishment, greed and gratitude in her
eyes. He looked at her, winked, and said "There you go. Hope it was all you
expected."

        Kim could only close her cum-streaked eyes daintily and nod at him
with thankfulness.  He had managed to send several pure ounces of jizzum
into her mouth without wasting a single drop. Her fingers were working full
time, plunging in and out of her wet vagina, pinching and rubbing her
clitoris.  She tensed to an orgasm, then another.  A flush rose up from her
pussy, spread over her tits and colored her shoulders. She inhaled a deep
breath and tried to catch her thoughts.  Her mouth was too full now to
continue kneeling on the satin pillow on the floor, waiting for the men to
step up and cream her wet lips with their semen. And she was beginning to
get the normal swallowing urge she knew she could not ignore for long.
Finally, she had a thought.



        Kim dropped to her hands and knees, and inclined her face forward
and down, making sure her lips were tightly compressed.  The lake of white
in her mouth shifted forward, oozing between her front teeth and gums.
When she was sure that no valuable sperm was left lurking about in the back
of her throat, she swallowed lightly.  Even then, she could feel several
strands of spermatic fluid slip into her esophagus, and disappear down into
her belly.  "Damn!" she thought, "there's more wasted."

    She got up to her feet , and ignoring the looks of the crowd, went over
to the mirror on the wall of the room to check herself out.  The sight she
saw jolted her out of her reverie.  Looking back at her from the mirror was
a woman with sperm-splotched hair, a cum-spotted face, and lips that
compressed about a thin line of white. Her cheeks were swollen out like she
had mumps. A small, thin line of semen ran from the hollow of her neck down
the upper slope of one firm breast to bead at the erect and swollen nipple.
She looked at her own reflection with longing.

        Turning about quickly, she walked over to the long, expensive
looking dining table that graced one side of the room.  She judged it's
height to be just about right.  Motioning the line of men to follow her,
she climbed up on the table, gesturing for a piece of paper and something
to write with.  A pert, dark haired woman quickly placed a pad and pencil
in her hand.

        Kim wrote "Feeling fine, but getting too full to stay on my knees.
I will lie on the table, face up.  I want two at a time now, just keep 'em
coming! HA HA."  She handed the pad back to the other woman, who read the
words aloud.  Kim placed the satin pillow under her neck, to angle her head
flat and level on the table.  She consciously closed off her throat and
leaned back, her head even with the edge of the table, gazing at the
flocked ceiling.  Two cock heads loomed over her mouth, and for the next
several minutes, the same scene was repeated over and over. Kim couldn't
see who the men were, and could just tell white from black.  The cocks were
all shapes and sizes, from short, bulbous ones, to long, gleaming towers of
male flesh. She often glimpsed traces of lipstick or pussy juice on the
pricks, and could guess that the men were amusing themselves any way they
could while they waited their turn.

        The only thing they all had in common was that they all spat
streams of cum into her open mouth.  Jet after jet of milky white semen was
directed between her eagerly waiting lips.  Strangely, almost no one spoke
a word. It was as if, after the spectacle of the black man hosing her face
with the enormous amount of sperm, they were all participating in a sexual
ritual. Man after man grunted streams of thick, white sperm over her
cum-covered lips and into the pool steadily growing in her mouth. Her teeth
slowly but surely were covered up with the juice. Her tongue occasionally
poked up out of the lake of semen.  Two, four, six, eight, then ten men
emptied their boiling balls into her mouth.  She could no longer taste the
differing types of sperm, no longer able to tell the rich, almost milky
texture of the blacks from the light, more watery Caucasian jizzum.  She
thought she detected a faint trace of garlic from one man she guessed to be
the Italian. The first Asian's cum smelled sweetly of tea and cloves.

        The line of men slowly dwindled down. 12, 14, 16 men were through.
One of the next pair was so over excited by the scene he could do no more
than jerk his cock helplessly over her face, spraying the cum about her
features with relentless abandon.  Lines of wet sticky sperm traced over
her nose and cheeks, zooming up her face from jaw to forehead.  More cum
dripped and drooled into her eyes, and a line of it even shot up one
nostril.  Her blue shadowed left eye closed, a line of sperm dissecting the
oval.  Another line of sperm hung connected from the tip of her nose to her
upper lip.  Her lips themselves were rimmed with white liquid quite a
distance away from her open mouth itself.  The man looked at her
helplessly. She opened her one good eye and gazed at him.  She had no time
to collect the cum though, as there were still more to be satisfied.

    The lake of cum in her mouth was now almost overflowing. Kim ballooned
her cheeks outward with as much power as she could muster. She could feel a
soft tongue licking at her pussy through the panties she wore, and after a
few minutes, was undergoing almost continuous orgasms. She seemed to climax
in tandem with the men.  One spurt into her mouth, one shudder up her
spine. Two spurts against her lips, two pelvic quakes that she felt down to
her toes.  Twenty, twenty two, then twenty four men emptied themselves into
her mouth.  Number twenty-five placed his cock against her lower lip and
let a small stream of cum flow out of it to drip into her mouth, and join
the army of sperm.  Number twenty-eight jerked several strands of jizz
against the tip of her tongue, saucily stuck up like a small island in a
sea of sperm. Kim could taste the rich aroma of it on her sensitive taste
buds. He finished by tracing a line of cum across the width of her
forehead, down one cheek, and across her chin.  He was joined by another
man, who continued the cum drawing up the other cheek, across the bridge of
her nose, up between her eyes, and back across her forehead.  By now, her
face was nearly completely covered with sperm.  There was virtually not one
square inch of skin that didn't have a sheen of cum covering it. Kim was
having continuous orgasms herself.   She could see flashbulbs going off ,
and the whir of video cameras capturing this event for posterity.  The
thought of so many strangers watching this spectacle brought another
quaking orgasm from her dripping pussy.

        Finally, the sperm in her mouth reached the limits. It started to
overflow her lips and drip down her neck towards her ears.  The last man
had just finished adding his donation to the cum charity of her face.  She
could hold no more.  Kim motioned a halt.  It was too late for one man, who
aimed his jetting cock at her breasts and shoulders, topping the nipples
with warm white rain and showering her upper arms with his cum.

        One man brought forward a glass marked with lines denoting each
fluid ounce.  Kim sat up, pressing her fingers to her lips to keep the
collected sperm from leaking out any more.  She held the cup up to her
mouth, leaned forward, and opened her lips.  A river of white whooshed from
between her lips, pouring into the glass.  Kim shepherded the cum from
between her teeth and gums with her tongue, drooling it all into the glass.
The level rose and rose.  Still more cum poured from her open mouth. Up,
up, up the glass filled.  Finally it was finished.  Kim collected the slimy
strands of jizz from about her face and eagerly fed them into her mouth,
where she could now swallow and soothe her aching face and throat.  The
cool juice seemed like champagne to her, as it flowed over her parched
throat and seeped down into her stomach.

        She looked at the glass of cum she produced.  The level was
slightly over the ten ounce mark.  The nearest competitor was marked at six
and one half ounces.  Kim had won!  And won big!  She managed to contain in
her mouth, without swallowing, over a pint of semen, the ejaculations of 33
men. She blushed proudly.

        "Whew, is that a load or what?" she spoke aloud, to no one in
particular.

    "Kim, that was the greatest exhibition of sexuality I have ever seen,
bar none.  I think I have a job for you."

        She turned to look at the man who had just spoken.  He was a slim
man of about six feet, with blonde hair and blue eyes.  He was completely
dressed in an expensive looking suit that fit his tanned body well. Her
gaze traveled down to his crotch, detecting a largish bulge there that
betrayed his excitement, and lent truth to his statement.

        "Allow me to introduce myself.  My name is John Somers, and I
produce and direct adult movies in Los Angeles. I own my own production
company, and work with only the best and brightest of the actors.  I would
like to take you to the West Coast, and put you to work in my movies.  I
think you have the, ah, 'talent', shall we say, to go a long way.  There
has never been anyone in the adult film business like you, I'm sure. Are
you interested?"

        Kim's heart leaped at his words.  This was exactly what she was
hoping for when this evening first became a reality. "Yes, I think I would
be.  NO, I KNOW I would be!"

        "Well, I certainly am glad to hear that.  I think that you could be
one of the biggest stars to ever hit the adult movie scene.  I have only a
few other questions.  How well do you fuck, and do you mind anal?"

        Kim looked right at him, daring him to gaze at her cum-spotted face
without busting the zipper on his slacks. "Why don't you get your clothes
off, and find out?" she said, ripping what was left of her panties off and
tossing them over her shoulder.

        "Perhaps later.  Right now I'd like to see how well you handle
three men at once. Shall we?"

        And he offered her his hand, to walk towards the center of the
room, where the remnants of the party still stood.  "Kim here would like to
take care of any men who might not have had a chance to 'donate' to her
earlier. Are there any takers?"

        Several men stood and cheered, or waved their hands excitedly. John
turned to Kim.

        "Ladies choice, my dear.  Whom would you like?"

    

    Kim looked the available candidates over.  Pointing at three husky men
in succession, she said "OK.  You I want in my snatch, you in my ass, and
you I want in my mouth. How's that?"

        She positioned one man down on his back in the center of the room,
and kneeled over his midsection.  Lowering her head to his cock, she placed
the tip of it into her mouth. Slowly she laved up and down the shaft of the
penis, licking around and around the head with her slimy tongue.  She spit
a small gob of slightly white saliva on it, then abruptly crouched down
over it.  John bent closer to get a better look. She positioned the head of
the thin, yet long cock at her rosy, crinkled rectum.

        "Ahhhhhh..." she mouthed, as she slowly lowered herself over it. At
first, her butt wouldn't give.  Then, the head of the cock popped in with
an audible plop.  The first few inches of it were slowly gobbled up by her
hungry bowels.  "Ohhhh, that's good.." Kim breathed.  "I love the feel of a
good hard cock in my ass."  Slowly, the penis disappeared up into her.
Finally, she was lowered all the way down onto the man's prick, until his
curly pubic hair tickled her anus and pussy lips.  Then she leaned back,
and motioned to another man to come forward.

        "Over here, honey, slip that dick of yours into my lovely pussy.
And don't be afraid to slam it into me, I could use a good fuck right now."

        The man came forward, and dropped to his knees in front of her,
between the other man's outstretched legs.  He rubbed the head of his erect
cock over her red and pulsating clitoris, eliciting several moans from Kim.
"Stop teasing me, man, shove it in!" she croaked, with a severe intake of
breath as the man slid the entire eight inch length of his dick into her
pussy on her last words.

        "Oh, yes, that's right, slip it in."  The man could feel his cock
rubbing against the invader in her anal tract through the thin barrier of
skin separating them.  He matched his withdrawals with the other man's
insertions, so that Kim was never bereft of some length of cock meat in one
of her lower channels.  The three people moved and squirmed for a few
minutes.

        "Oh shit, I gonna cummmmm......." wailed Kim, as a tremendous quake
of orgasm shook her body. "YES YES YES YES YES!" she screamed. She could
feel the two hard organs sliding in and out of her super aroused lower
body. John looked down at her tenderly.  Then he stood up and walked over
to the table where the semen-filled glass still stood, being inspected with
some wonderment by several people.

        "Quite an accomplishment, wouldn't you say?" he said to one woman
who seemed entranced by the thing.

        "I can't believe she could hold that much cum in her mouth" she
answered back , "When men go off in my mouth, it feels like I'm gonna drown
or something."

        John looked her over. She was a pretty brunette, with small breasts
that had tremendous areolas, showing bright pink nipples that winked up at
him.  "I'm sure you could do better if you applied yourself."  He picked up
the glass, and walked back over to where Kim was just beginning to position
the third man in her lovemaking quartet.

        She directed him to squat over her breasts.  "Slide your dick
between my tits for a while, then I'll suck you off like you've never been
sucked before."  Kim loved to talk dirty when she made love, knowing that
it turned most men on quite a bit.  The man held his cock down over her
tits, rubbing the head over her nipples, and leaving a thin colorless
stream of pre-cum wherever he took it.  Finally, he squashed her tits
together over his prick, and slid it back and forth in the valley of her
chest.  Each time the rosy head emerged from between her breasts, Kim bent
her head forward to swipe it with her tongue.  She was still spotted with
semen over various parts of her head, shoulders and breasts, and the man's
cock did not need much lubrication.  Finally, he moved it up to just in
front of her lips.

    "Open up, baby, here comes the main event" he said, looking down at
her. She parted her lips.  The man slowly fed the length of his cock into
her mouth, watching fascinated as it disappeared.  He could see it angle
past her tonsils, and lodge halfway down her neck.  The skin beneath her
chin bulged out with the tell-tale outline of his glans. Then he withdrew
the cock.  It emerged slimy with saliva and the remnants of Kim's mouthful
of cum.

        John knelt down above her head once again. "Kim, you are doing just
great. This is a real test of a person's sexual capacity, and as I said,
I'm very impressed. And you know, I think I would like the men to ejaculate
inside of you, if you don't mind."

        Kim looked up at him, nodding her head in agreement.  She couldn't
nod too far in either direction, of course, seeing as how her head and neck
seemed grafted onto the penis sliding slowly in  and out of her mouth.  She
grasped the shaft of the cock she was sucking, and slowly led it out of her
mouth.  She winked up at John.

        "Honey, I want you to spurt your juice right down my throat, Okay?"
The man enjoying the blow job looked down at her.

        "You bet, sweetie. I haven't cum today, and I'm sure I got a good
load for you to swallow."  He was amazed at the girl's forthrightness.

        Kim loved to talk to her men as she blew them, knowing it turned
them on even more to hear words of encouragement and enjoyment from their
women.  "Yes, I'm gonna swallow all your little sperms and have them
swimming around in my stomach.  I want you to paint my tonsils white!"

        The man joined in the game. "You gonna eat my jizz, eh? You know, I
got a lot of jizz to give you.  Your tongue is gonna get slimed, and your
throat will feel my stuff sliding down like warm, creamy milk."

        "Oh, yes, I want to eat your cum.  I love to feel the slimy stuff
slip down into my belly.  I ...Umph".  Kim was cut off in mid-word as the
penis entering her mouth made speech unintelligible, if not impossible.
John watched as the man stroked his cock slowly in and out of her sweating
face, each time to spread her lips, flatten her tongue down, and bulge out
the muscles in her neck.  In, out, in , out, the cock retraced its route
several times.

        Suddenly the man in her ass cried out. "Oh shit, I gonna cum, I'm
gonna shoot..."  Kim bucked her pelvis at him several times, as if to offer
encouragement and agreement.   The man arched his hips, lifting the entire
mass of flesh up off the ground, burying his cock far up into her bowels.
The cock head nestled into Kim's tender rectal passage, then spit a line of
hot cum out.  She felt the blazing hot liquid steam up into her ass,
bathing it with warmth.  She clenched her ass muscles. Again the cock let
loose with a spurt of ejaculate.  "Oh, yes, cum in my ass, cum in my ass,
you dirty fucker, shoot it up there!" she groaned, gulping in huge lungsful
of air, temporarily quitting her fellatio.  The man jerked and shuddered a
few more times, then collapsed with the weight of the people he had been
supporting.

    Slowly he slid his softening cock out of her rectal passage.  Its way
was greased by the load of semen he had just deposited, and finally he
popped his cock out.  A small trickle of white liquid escaped from Kim's
tender, yet satisfied asshole.

    She was undergoing variously sized orgasms almost continuously now, as
every fiber of her being seemed sexually charged with electricity. She
could tell that the man sliding his cock up her pussy was soon to follow,
leaving his deposit to lave the walls of her sex.  She was right.  Without
saying a word, he jammed his cock one more time up into the very bottom of
her cunt, mashing his pubic hair in with hers. He grunted, and Kim felt the
cock flex, pulsing out a jet of semen to crash into her uterus and spray
the walls of her cunt.  Another jet joined it as Kim orgasmed.  The man
slowly pulled his cock from her clutching pussy lips, loosing a torrent of
sperm. He dripped the last of his cum down onto her clitoris.  Kim's pelvic
region now was dripping with sperm, as it slowly leaked from her two lower
channels.  She was too busy to notice though, as the man she was blowing
seemed close to his climax.

    She grabbed the shaft of the cock invading her face, and let just the
tip protrude into her mouth.  She fed about two inches in, mentally
picturing the flared head resting over her tongue and pointing it's
menacing slit directly at her tonsils and the back of her mouth. She looked
up at the man.  She jerked the cock into her mouth, trying to
telepathically communicate with him. "cum, cum, cum , cum" she repeated in
her mind, timed with the strokes of her fist. "shoot, shoot, shoot" she
thought.  On the last "shoot", she felt it.  A stream of semen pulsed out
of the cock and struck her tonsils, bathing them with white liquid. She
gulped the white offering down.  She jerked the cock again, and again a
stream of jizz sped out, to slide over her tongue and down her gullet and
join its' mates.  One more time, the penis shuddered a thin line of white
into her mouth that Kim swallowed gratefully.  She looked up at the man as
he grimaced in pleasure, enjoying watching his climax.  She slowly fed the
cock out of her mouth, and pursed her lips to give the head a kiss as it
emerged.

    "There now, wasn't that nice?" she queried.  The man just looked down
at her, shaking his head with the disbelief of such pleasure.  John
applauded, as did most of the others standing around her.

        "Kim, sit up a second.  I think you deserve a reward for your
efforts."  He handed her the glass of cooled seminal fluid.

        "Everyone, come forward and watch this.  You are witnessing the
birth of a star!" he spoke loudly to the crowd.  Kim took the glass from
his hand, waiting until the people crowded around her, waiting for the
cameras to focus and the video cameras to begin whirring.  When she was
sure that everyone was ready, she looked up at John, then around the room
to the gathering.

    "Well, here's CUM IN YOUR FACE!  Cheers!"

    And so saying, she raised the glass of sperm to her lips, and drank in
the first mouthful.  She sloshed it around in her mouth a moment, then
swallowed.  Again she raised the glass, and again she swallowed.  Finally,
she raised the glass over her face, tilted it downwards, and opened her
mouth.  The remaining sperm slid out of the glass and directly between her
waiting lips, until there was no more to be had.

    Kim swallowed thickly several times, and raised the empty glass to the
cheers of the crowd. John offered her his hand, and helped her to her feet.
Her stomach sloshed with the semen of over 35 men.  Her lips and chin were
still spotted with the white stuff, and a stream of it wound its way down
her leg from her ass and pussy.  Her hair was matted with sperm, and her
forehead was bathed with a mixture of sperm and sweat.  But she was happy,
and satisfied.  This had been the most sexually vibrant evening of her
life. She turned to John.

    "Well, when do we leave for Los Angeles?"

                                   Chapter 2


    The next thing Kim knew, she was on a plane to Los Angeles. The last
few days had been a whirlwind for her, since she had to quit her job,
sub-let her apartment, and close her bank accounts.  John took her shopping
one day, showering her with beautiful clothes and jewelry, making sure that
she had everything she desired.  He took her to a beauty salon, where she
had her hair done, her finger and toe nails manicured and painted; she had
a wonderful full body massage that took every kink out of her body, and as
a special treat, John had the four men who worked in the salon masturbate
thick creamy loads of sperm onto her shining face, which he tenderly rubbed
into every square inch of its surface, from her chin to her forehead.  Of
course, while he was doing this, Kim was wildly plunging her fingers in and
out of her wet pussy, enjoying several small orgasms.

    But now she was 35,000 feet in the air, dreamily lying back and
thinking of the excitement she was in store for.  For a while, she laid
back and watched the clouds stream past the gleaming silver wings, each
second taking her closer to the magic city of Los Angeles. Suddenly, John
spoke quietly to her.

    "Kim , have you ever had sex on a plane?"

    "No, no I haven't.  Are you up for something?" she responded saucily,
her slim fingers tracing a line up his zipper, where she knew a full and
ready cock waited for her.

    "Well, I'd like to give the men on this flight something to remember."
John looked back at the small lavatory. "Hold on, let me check something
out."

    He got up and walked to the rear of the plane.  "Luck", he thought,
"the lav is empty."  He motioned for Kim to join him.  In seconds, she was
by his side.  "Go in, sit on the toilet, and wait.  Better put this
handkerchief over your blouse, we wouldn't want to stain it now, would we?"
he said, handing her a fresh white cloth.

    His words made Kim shiver.  She knew he had an oral feast planned for
her.  She entered the lav, closing but not locking the door.  She didn't
have long to wait.  A quiet knock on the door, and the first man entered.
He was a normal looking businessman, no doubt headed home from a trip, or
on his way to begin one.  He smiled and gazed down at Kim, sitting primly
on the lavatory, fully dressed but with a large white kerchief tucked in
her blouse at her chin.  He handed her a note.

    "This is from John."

    She took the note and unfolded it.

    "Kim, darling, please fellate all the men I send in.  Allow them to
ejaculate on your face or in your mouth.  Save as much sperm as you can,
keep it in a plastic cup, and bring it back to our seats when you are
finished.  John" "Well, let's get started, shall we?" she spoke to the man
nervously standing before her.  He unzipped his pants and drew out a
rapidly enlarging and hardening penis.  Kim leaned forward, stuck her
tongue out, and circled the tip of the glans.  She kissed up and down the
length of the cock, finally drawing the entire organ into her hot and wet
mouth.  She moved her face all the way down the cock, not stopping until
her nose was touching the man's zipper.  Up and down, up and down, she
loved the feel of the hard organ in her mouth.  The man placed his hands
tenderly on her head, slowly guiding her to and fro on his erect member.
For several minutes, not a sound was heard save the slurping and sloshing
her mouth made on his penis. Then he shuddered, and spoke through clenched
teeth.

    "Wh..where do I cum?"

    Kim stopped her back and forth movement, and moved her face from his
cock. Still stroking it, she placed the tip right on her outstretched
tongue , as if to say "here, here in my mouth."  The cock pulsed, and shot
a line of white semen straight into it. Kim heard the jizzum line strike
the back of her tongue and teeth.  Again it shot, ejaculating a stream of
wet juice into her mouth.  She stroked the cock, directing the lessening
spurts into her mouth until the man was dry.  She collected the semen
pooling over her tongue, and closed her lips, daintily kissing the tip of
the penis looming over her face.  The man stepped back, stuffing his
shrinking organ back into his pants.

    "That was fantastic, thank you very much."  Kim could do little but
smile close-mouthed up at him, and wink.  He turned and moved out of the
small lavatory.  Kim stood and checked herself in the mirror. Her clothes
and hair were still spotless.

    "Bet I don't stay this way for long" she thought, swirling the small
pool of sperm around in her mouth.  She traveled her tongue up over and
around her teeth and gums, spreading the white goo all over the inside of
her oral treasurehouse.  Then came another knock on the door.

    The next man in was a young looking college student.  His muscles
rippled in his shirt, and before Kim could say anything, he placed his hand
on her shoulder, and sat her down before him.  He unbuckled his pants and
slid them down to the floor.  His penis sprang up, a  strong and healthy
eight inches of hard meat.  Kim cocked an eye at him.

    "Open up."

    She did.  He looked at the thin coating of cum over the woman's teeth
and the white lined tongue.  "Perfect," he said, "stay right like that."
Kim placed her hands on her thighs, and leaned back.  The man stroked his
cock rapidly for several seconds.   "Ok, here it comes, baby!" he grunted,
and doing so, pointed his cock right at Kim's awaiting face.   Spurt one
traveled up the length of Kim's face, from her chin to her forehead, neatly
bisecting her lips and nose.  Spurt two he directed at her left cheekbone,
watching with fascination as it landed with an audible splat and continued
up over her eye socket, finally coming to rest on her upper eyelash.  Spurt
three he did the same, only on the right side of her face.  Spurt four he
directed at the small area just below her nose, above her lips.  Kim felt
it drip down into her mouth.  Spurt five disappeared into her mouth,
joining the first man's fluid there.  The next weak spurts were directed
onto Kim's wet cheeks and chin.  The man made no move to direct any more
into her mouth.  "Now stay just like that for the next guy, OK?" he
demanded of her. Kim kept her face leaned back, so that the lines of sperm
on her face didn't obey the laws of gravity and drip down onto her clothes.
She dipped one finger up into the pool over her left eye and cleaned it up,
so she could reopen the eye.  She sucked her finger tip into her mouth,
sliding the wet white cum off it.  The man reached into his jacket pocket
and produced a small camera.  "Nobody's gonna believe this unless I get a
picture."  He pointed the camera at Kim's cum covered face, snapping
several close up shots, focusing on the lines of sperm draped on her
features.  The last one he took while draping his penis over her bottom
lip, with her eyes looking straight into the camera. Then he finished,
pulled up his trousers and thanking Kim profusely, left the small lavatory.

    The next man entered almost immediately.  "Damn," he swore softly,
amazed at the scene that greeted him. Here was a strikingly beautiful blond
woman, fully clothed in the lavatory of a speeding airliner, her face
covered with the ejaculated semen of a complete stranger.

    "Baby, you look super with that jizz all over your face.  Why you doing
this?"

    "I love to suck cock.  I love to have men cum on my face.  I love to
eat cum.  What other reason do I need?"

    The man didn't answer, except to drop his pants, extract his long thin
penis, and direct it into her mouth.  Kim dutifully sucked his warm meaty
tool, slurping it into her mouth over and over, until the man jerked and
shuddered, spitting several streams of cum into her mouth, to join the
growing amount already there.

    He left quickly.  Kim looked around, found a cup, and drooled the semen
into it.  As she did, the fourth man entered.  He took one look at the
beautiful woman's face covered with cum and the small amount collected in
the glass.

    "I want to come on your face." he spoke calmly.  "Jerk me off on your
face."

    Kim reached out a strong hand, circling the cock pointing at her
features.  She slid her hand up and down the shaft several times, all the
while gazing dreamily up at the visitor.  For several seconds, she jerked
the man off, aiming the purplish head right at her cum covered visage.
Then she felt the vein pulse, and a stream of white shot out, draping
itself over her nose and onto her forehead.  The next stream traveled up
over her lips and across her left cheek. She calmly sprayed the cum over
her features, feeling it mix in with the rapidly cooling lines deposited by
the second man.

    Finally the man finished.  Kim moved the glass up and around her face,
drooling the semen into it.  The level rose visibly.  What didn't enter the
glass was smoothed into her now shining skin.  She swallowed smoothly.
"Wasn't that fun?" she said to the man.  "Ever had a girl jerk you off
right onto her face before?"  She was amused at his bewildered outlook.

    "No, can't say that I ever did.  But you did it like you meant it, I'll
say that.  It was great."  While he spoke, the man collected his pants and
left.

    The next visitor was, surprisingly, a young woman of about 20. She
didn't say a word, except to drop to her knees and push Kim's skirt up over
her waist.  She reached up and pulled the waiting woman's panties down,
over her trim legs and down around her shoes.  She then spread Kim's knees
apart, leaned forward, and sank her hot tongue directly into Kim's
now-steaming gash.

    "Oh GODDDDD.." Kim cried, orgasming immediately at the feel of the hot
muscle on her vulval lips.  "DO IT DO IT DO IT DO IT!" she moaned ,
squirming her pussy over the young girl's face.  She felt the tongue search
out and circle her budding clitoris, then felt her clit drawn into the
young mouth much like the penises of late had invaded her own. She felt it
sucked and pulled with the voracious appetite that only a woman knows.  She
came again and again, while the girl worked on her clit and pussy lips.
She clutched at the girl's head, twining her cummy hands in her hair,
pulling the face at her lap into and around her genital area.

    Again and again Kim bucked into the girl's sucking mouth, feeling wave
after wave of glorious orgasm coursing through her body. She felt the hot
wet tongue slide in and out of her spasming cunt, swiping up and down the
pulsating lips.  Her clit was entwined in the tip of the tongue, then was
washed lightly with spit and blown on with the hot breath of the young
girl. Finally the girl pulled away.  She looked up at Kim's face with
adoring eyes.

    "Your friend told me what you were doing. I got so excited I just had
to come in and be a part of it.  I hope you enjoyed it."

    Kim could barely speak.  Sweat mingled with the cool sperm on her face.
She brought a slim finger up to collect some of the cum deposited at her
hairline, then down the girl's face.

    "Have some. It's delicious."  The girl opened her mouth, and sucked in
the wet, white digit with relish.

    "Ummm, so it is" she said, pulling back and swallowing, leaving Kim's
finger absolutely spotless.

    She stood, straightened her dress, patted her hair back into place, and
wishing Kim well, walked out of the lavatory.

    The door didn't have time to close.  The next man in was a tall black
man in jeans and a flannel shirt.

    "Hey, honey, the man tells me you want to suck some cock. Is that
right?"

    Kim nodded "That's right, babe, I want your juice.  You can cum all
over my face, or in my mouth, or both.  Just give me your cum." She reached
out and guided his zipper down, then wormed her hand into his pants.  He
undid the top clasp, and spread them down over his thighs.

    Kim extracted his rapidly hardening penis.  It grew in her hand to an
astounding nine inches.

    "Wow, that's quite a tonsil tickler you have.  I sure hope I can do you
justice.." Kim whispered in awe.

    "I don't have any doubts you will, pretty lady.  Just start sucking it
and we'll see how you do."

    Kim pulled the man closer, and opened her mouth wide.  The man looked
down.  He saw her white-rimmed lips pull back over her teeth. He glimpsed
the coating of slimy white sperm on her tongue.  He leaned forward, and
watched the first three inches of his cock move like a battering ram into
the woman's mouth.  Kim gurgled, adjusted her jaws, and forced her head
farther and farther down the slick shaft of the cock.  Gradually, her lips
moved closer and closer to the kinky black hair at its' base.  Her lips
moved over the cock shaft, pulling the organ inexorably deeper and deeper
into her mouth.  She felt the bulbous head slide over her well lubricated
tongue, then stop momentarily at the top of her throat.  She craned her
head to look up at the man.  This action also had the result of
straightening the path the cock was taking.  She paused.

    "Go ahead.  All the way down. I know you can do it.  I want to feel
your tonsils at the tip." the man said.

    Kim snorted in a breath of air through her nose, and pushed. The head
rammed the back of her throat, then slipped down past the base of her
tongue into the very top of her esophagus.  Still she could feel three or
four inches of cock exposed to air.  Gulping down the saliva built up in
her mouth, Kim forced her head forward.  She felt the huge organ slide down
her throat, until her neck bulged with the outline of the man's penis.  He
put his hand down to her neck, tracing the outline with his fingers.

    "Sheeeeit, you're really doin' it!" he gasped, amazed at the oral
hunger of the woman.  He watched her lips move down, finally to come to
rest at the base of his cock, nuzzling the dark curly pubic hairs.

    Kim had to stop. She felt impaled on his cock, as though she were
trying to swallow a baseball bat.  She swallowed several times, feeling the
cock pulse and her blood pound.  The she slowly slurped back up the cock.
Inch after inch retreated from her face, until just the tip was imprisoned
behind her loving lips.  She reached up and placed the man's hands on her
head, and allowed him to roughly fuck her face with the outer half of his
dick.  A few times, he slowly fed the entire length down into her raw
throat as the woman looked up at him.

    Finally he shuddered and moaned.

    "It's cummin' baby, it's cummin..." he groaned. Kim felt the tip of the
    cock, some three inches down her gullet, expand, then pulse with the
    first ejaculation of sperm.  It rocketed straight down her throat. She
    quickly pulled back, as the cock continued to spasm.  One spurt let
    loose as the head backed up out of her throat, bathing her tonsils with
    a white layer of semen.   As the tip moved back across her tongue,
    another jet escaped, sliming her mouth and back teeth.  Finally she had
    the tip at her lips.  She spit it out, leaned back, and moaned.

    "Oh god cum on my face you black monster cum on my face" she groaned
deliriously.  The man was only too glad to oblige.  He aimed his spurting
prick at her nose, and shot a line of white sperm right up along the bridge
between her eyes, the end disappearing into her hair. He moved left,
leaving a line across her cheekbone.  He aimed the head up a bit,
decorating her forehead with sperm. He moved down, splattering her lips
with streams of hot wet goo.   The explosions of jizzum went on for several
seconds, streaming over Kim's lovely features and decorating her face until
there was barely any dry skin left on it.  As the juice dwindled down, Kim
opened her mouth, and the man directed the last few dribbles into it.
Shaking his cock, the drips and drops flew into the dark cavern below it.
Finally he was empty.

    Kim could do nothing but gasp with excitement.  Her face was literally
covered with semen.  Lines led up her cheekbone, from jaw to eye.  Her nose
was dripping with the stuff.  Some had even leaked into her ears.  She
leaned over and grabbed the cup sitting next to her on the lavatory, and
moved it over her face, collecting as much of the sperm as she could.  She
smiled up at the man.

    "Jeeze, what a load! Where did you ever come up with all that stuff? I
thought I was gonna drown !"

    "Hey honey, I always cum that much.  Must be something genetic, eh?" he
said with a laugh, stuffing his now shrunken, but well satisfied cock back
into his pants.  "My girlfriend says I must have three balls."

    Kim giggled as she finished slurping the sperm off her face and from
around her lips.  She swallowed a time or two, to clear her throat and
satiate her parched mouth.

    "I don't think I've ever seen as much cum in one shot as that" she
spoke, looking up at him in awe.  "I loved it!"

    "Babe, you are one hot woman, you know that? Most gals would'a pulled
back and moved outa the way of the old firehose there, but you just hung in
there and took it right in the face. You looked like you was havin' some
sort of religious experience or something."

    Kim could do nothing but nod in agreement.  To her, the feeling she got
when a man sprayed his sperm on her face was wonderful.  She knew it was
odd, no doubt rare, for a woman to enjoy that, but she did and she felt no
qualms about it.

    She looked at the cup in her hand. It was nearly three-quarters full of
sperm.  She sloshed it around, and placed it on the small sink next to her.
She rubbed the remaining small amount of jizz on her face into her skin,
feeling its' smooth and wet coolness on her fingertips.  She checked
herself in the mirror. There were several splotches of cum in her hair now,
and her lips were still rimmed with white.  She licked them with her tongue
to clean them off, and sat back down, anxious for the next man to arrive.

    The door opened , and two men entered quickly.  They crowded into the
small head.

    "Would you like to suck us both off at the same time," one man spoke
"or one at a time?  We can do either.."

    Kim looked up at them confidently.  "I can do you both at the same
time, if you'd like.  I think I can handle it."

    So saying, she reached up with both hands and pulled down two zippers.
She undid each man's belt and loosened his pants, so they slid down around
his ankles.  Underwear followed.  Grabbing the two hardening cocks with
each hand, Kim pulled them towards her face. She maneuvered them up close
to her mouth, and opened it as wide as she possibly could. Moving the two
cock heads together, she fastened her lips to them, and pushed her head
downwards.

    Maybe it was the service she had just provided to the enormous black
stud, but Kim felt her mouth expand easily to cover and envelope the two
dicks. She slid her tongue into the groove between them, and slowly
traveled down the length of the twin stalks in her hands.  The cocks were
nearly the same size and thickness, making the lips-on-skin journey easier.

    She gurgled deep in her mouth as the two cocks forced their way into
her face, shoving closer together as they neared the narrowed opening at
the back of her throat.  She moved her hand away from them as they neared
the end of their journey.  No matter how wide her lips or how broad her
mouth, there was still one anatomical impossibility - getting two cocks
down into her esophagus at one time.  They hit bottom at the top of her
throat.  Kim paused there for a moment, reveling in the new feel of two
cocks at once in her mouth. She could feel the men quiver and vibrate with
excitement. Slowly she backed up off the double donging, finally spitting
the matched set out at the very end.  She looked up at the men.

    "What I'll do is give each of you about ten strokes apiece.  I want to
keep you both at the same level, so you shoot off at just about the same
time. Think you can do that?"

    "No problem,", said one man, "just keep on sucking, we'll do the rest."

    Kim took a deep breath. Opening her mouth wide, she slid easily down
the left hand cock.  Face to pubic hair, lips to base, she swallowed the
dick easily.  She felt the head brush past her tonsils and snake down her
throat. Swallowing convulsively, she gave the man her best shot. Milking
his penis with her throat, Kim did all she could to bring the man up to a
heightened level of sexual charge. Again and again, ten times in all, she
throated the cock.  Popping her face off the first cock, she repeated the
action on the other.  The men stood closely together, enjoying the feel and
sight of the lovely blonde sitting in front of them, performing the
ultimate in sexual service.  After just thirty strokes on each cock, one
man grunted.

    "Oh, honey, that's too much.  Here I come!!!"

    He grasped his cock from Kim's clutching hand.  Quickly the other man
did the same.  They moved forwards.  Kim opened her mouth widely, and stuck
out her tongue.  The two cockheads rested on it.  One shook - a stream of
white sperm shot out, striking the back of her throat and falling down into
her stomach before any thing else could happen. Then the other one pulsed
it's first load.  This time Kim was ready. She folded her tongue back,
closing the back of her mouth off, and let the twin heads rest on her lower
lip. A streamer of cum struck the back of her tongue and pooled in the
bottom of her mouth.  Suddenly, her mouth was full to overflowing with the
jettings of the men.  She leaned back, and felt wet streams of cum strike
her face.  One ribbon shot up along her cheekbone, coming to rest in a
small blob just under her eye. Another traveled up the bridge of her nose.
A third struck her square in the forehead before splitting into many tiny
drops in the front of her hair.  Again and again she felt her face doused
with the sexual fluids of the two men.  Soon her eyes were daubed with the
stuff, and her cheeks and lips were covered with small trails of cum.  The
men painted her face like a canvas. She felt the cum loop onto her lips and
chin, slide off her nose, and splatter into her hair over and over.  She
felt the wet blobs rain gently down onto her nose and chin. For several
seconds, the air above her face was cloudy with the ejaculate of the two
handsome men before her.

    Finally, they finished.  Kim laid back and panted, exhausted at the
ordeal and flushed with the cum of the men that had splattered her face.

    "Ohhh god that was tremendous... I feel so fucking slimy, I love it!"
she breathed.

    "Lady, you are one fine fox, you know that?" one man spoke.  "I have
never seen a woman take so much cum without flinching in my life, and I've
seen a lot of it, believe me."

    Kim reached over to the cup of cum resting on the sink, and ran it over
and around her face, collecting up the tremendous amount of semen that
decorated her.  The cup filled up almost to the rim.  She never even
noticed the men leave, she was so absorbed in her task.  Swallowing
roughly, she felt several collected spurts slowly coat her throat and
mouth, traveling down to join the remaining juice in her stomach.

    The cup could hold no more.  It contained close to six ounces of semen,
the mixed spendings of half a dozen virile men.  Kim stood and looked at
herself in the mirror.  Her face seemed wet with sweat, yet she knew what
it really was. Taking a small towel, she dried it as best she could, taking
care to smooth out the cum drops in her hair.  She quickly applied some
fresh makeup and lipstick, straightened her hair, and left the lavatory.

    Walking up the aisle back to her first class seat, she knew she was
being stared at by nearly everyone in the back of the plane, women with
envy or hatred, men with lust and awareness.

    She sat back down next to John.

    "Look at this." she said to him, showing him the clear plastic cup of
sperm in her hand. "I filled the glass."

    "Very good.  Did you have a good time with the little lady I sent
back?" John inquired.

    "Oh, yes indeed. I came about 50 times I bet!  Now what?"

    John just looked at her. She felt his gaze for a few seconds, then she
knew, really KNEW, what to do.  Motioning for the stewardess, she raised
the glass up.

    "Miss, could I have some ice in this please?  And be careful, don't
spill it, please."

    The stewardess took the glass almost without looking at it, and walked
to the small galley behind them.

    When she returned, she had a quizzical look on her face. "Is this what
I think it is?" she whispered to Kim.

    "You bet honey, A-number 1 prime jizz from half the guys on this
plane." Kim whispered back conspiratorially.  "And I love it over ice."

    So saying, she tipped the glass back and took a healthy swig of the
cooling juice. The stewardess's eyes widened, and she involuntarily
swallowed herself.

    The stew reddened, and abruptly turned away, walking rapidly to the
back of the plane.

    "I bet she's going back to the john and finger with herself silly" John
whispered.

    "I love it!" said Kim.  And she spent the rest of the flight slowly
sipping the sperm cocktail from the glass.

                              Chapter Three



    Kim was enchanted by Los Angeles.   Her first days there were busy
finding a place to live, getting all the connections and hookups necessary
when you move into a new place, and "seeing the sights" with John. She
toured Beverly Hills, the Farmers Market, Disneyland, Knotts Berry Farm,
and all the usual tourist attractions. Finally, on a Thursday, as they
finished some shopping and touring, John told her that he wanted her to
meet the director of his next production, and gave her the address of the
production offices he wanted her to be at the next day at 10:00 in the
morning.

    "Should I wear anything special?"  Kim inquired.

    "A skirt and blouse is fine - stockings and a bra if you wish. Just
remember, no pantyhose - I think pantyhose are the worst thing ever
invented, and I never want to see you in them." John replied.

    "Ok, no problem. I'll see you tomorrow at 10:00."

    "No, I won't be there" , John said, "I have other details to see about.
You will meet with the director and some other production people. They are
expecting you, I've told them all about you, and I'm sure you'll get along
just fine. Just do whatever they ask of you, as long as you don't object,
and perhaps I'll see you later in the afternoon.

    Kim barely slept that night.  She tuned in Jay Leno on the Tonight
show, watching bored authors talk about boring books, then finally turned
the lights out sometime after midnight.  The next morning she showered,
douched (as a precaution, she told herself) , shaved her legs smooth as she
could, brushed her teeth and gargled, and attempted to select some clothes
that she thought would be appropriate.

    "Hmmm. Never been to a porn movie casting meeting. Wonder what's the
best stuff to wear" she thought to herself.  Selecting a short black
leather miniskirt, light silk panties, a body-hugging stretch top and
heels, she dressed and checked herself out in the mirror. "Not bad, not bad
at all" she ruminated as the spun in front of the mirror to check out her
appearance.

    Kim drove to the address John had given her. It was a building in
downtown Los Angeles, near Century City.  She parked her car in the lot,
and entered the lobby.  Finding the office directory, she checked for the
floor of "MAX-O PRODUCTIONS". The office was on the fifteenth floor. She
went to the elevator bank and punched the UP button.  When a car arrived,
she stepped into it, and hit 15.  The door opened up at the end of a long,
lushly carpeted hallway, leading to double glass doors with the company
name painted on them.  Through the doors, Kim could see an attractive, dark
haired young woman sitting at a desk. She walked up, and pushed through the
doors.

    "Hi, I'm Kim and I'm here - "

    "-to meet Andy and Roger, I know.  I'm Melissa, secretary, den mother,
nurse, gofer and sometimes Production Assistant. John told us you'd be
here. Why don'tcha have a seat while I buzz Andy, and we'll get started."

    Kim sat down on one of the comfortable chairs placed around the rim of
the entrance area.  She picked up one of the magazines lying on an end
table. "Adult Film Quarterly - this might be interesting" she thought.
Paging through it, she noticed pictures and articles on many of the stars
and starlets she recognized - Amber Lynn, Erica Boyer, Peter North, and
many others. She was absorbed in reading about new productions in the works
when the area in front of her darkened and a shadow fell over the magazine.

    "Well, hello. I'm Andy Clark, and I'm going to be producing this epic.
You must be Kim Armstrong".

    Kim looked up. Her eyes were at his belt buckle. She let them fall
downwards, noting the nice sized bulge at his crotch.  She then looked up
into his face. He was an attractive man of about 30, with light blond hair
and green eyes.  She stood to shake hands.

    "Yep, that's me. I'm kinda nervous about this, but I suppose I'll calm
down after a while. What's next?"

    "Let's go into my office and talk.  Would you like some coffee or tea
or a soft drink, or maybe something stronger?" Andy asked politely.

    "Yes, coffee might be nice. Cream and sugar, please."

    Andy nodded to Melissa, who said she'd bring it back to his office in a
few moments.  Kim followed him down one of the hallways leading off the
entry area, and into a spacious office with a large window.  The office was
tastefully decorated with quality furnishings and artwork, and several
large tropical plants were placed around the room. Kim was dutifully
impressed, and said so.

    "Yes, thanks, we do like it here. John has always tried to convey an
image of more professionalism and sophistication than is usual in this
business. I guess you were expecting some fat old slob with a cigar,
meeting you in a room behind a bar somewhere." replied Andy with a smile.
"Well, that's not our style.  We try to do things right, and we take good
care of our people.  We have a complete company paid medical plan, we cover
all expenses while on location, we offer profit sharing to our employees
after six months of employment, and numerous other benefits. It's really
quite unique in this business. We make a lot of money, and we spend a lot
of money. But John plans to be around for a while, and we're not in it,
like so many others, just for the quick buck.  Now, have a seat, and I'll
outline the plot, so to speak, of the picture that's in the works."  He
motioned to a large leather sofa against one wall, beneath a Wyeth artwork.
Kim sat down and crossed her legs demurely. Andy sat on the edge of his
desk, and began.

    "Ok, here's the scoop.  We make adult films, or porn, or fuck flicks,
or whatever you'd care to call them.  They are primarily composed of a slim
plot line, ten or twelve young actors and actresses, and a great deal of
fucking and sucking.  John told me about your exhibition at the party, so
I'm sure I'm not embarrassing you, but if you don't follow anything I say,
or if you have any problems or questions, please stop me."

    "Now then. Oh, yes, fucking and sucking.  They've been making sex films
almost since the days of Tom Edison and his magic lantern. But as you know,
it's only in the last 15 or 20 years that they've really reached mass
audiences, thanks primarily to the pioneers like Gerry Damiano, the
Mitchell brothers up in San Francisco, and more recently, the home video
revolution. Now, every two-bit hustler and cheap pimp thinks he can make a
fast buck with sex films, and unfortunately, many of them do.  But there
are a few production companies that have been around a while, and plan to
stay around. The Dark Brothers do some interesting work, and Bruce Seven
and his Vivid Video try pretty hard, and there are some others as well. The
only problem is, the vast majority of the sex films are produced by
fly-by-night guys with a video camera who hire a couple of prostitutes and
some horny college boys to screw around in a hotel room for a couple of
days.  They condone, if not encourage, drug use and drinking during the
filming, and god knows what kind of physical health their people are in.
They edit and re-edit video into other films, pawning off old stuff with
new titles, changing the picture on the box, and so on.  And they really
give the business a bad name, if you know what I mean."

    He paused while Melissa brought in the coffee and some Danish. Kim took
them eagerly, remembering that she really didn't have any breakfast this
morning.

    "Well, MAX-O PRODUCTIONS is different.  All of our films are original,
we never re-issue old stock, all our employees are given complete medical
checkups every three months, and while we don't care too much about what
you do when you're on your own, if anyone comes to the set stoned or drunk,
or if coke and booze in any way affect your performance, you're through.
John, and I, for that matter, won't put up with that kind of shit. All we
ask is that you come ready to work, don't fuck around with the wrong kind
of shit, and we'll all have a lot of fun and make some good money at the
same time. What more could you ask?"

    "We will rarely ask you to have sex with someone you don't want to, but
I think you'll find that most of our people are pretty nice. The rough
bastards and that kind don't last too long with us, if at all. The guys are
all pretty nice, they make sure that you are comfortable with them, and the
girls are relatively sane too, although I must admit there is a little bit
of jealousy now and then, you know, if one of them thinks that somebody
else is getting all the good cock, or something.  If that happens, we try
to talk it over with everyone involved, and if necessary, make changes. But
all in all, we get along pretty well.  Any questions so far?"

    "No, not really.  It sounds pretty good, I just hope I'll fit in with
everybody.  I've never done this sort of thing before, you know," Kim
replied.

    "Don't worry, at some point everybody sat where you are now, and I gave
the same speech to them. You should have seen Pete North when he first came
in here, he was nervous as a 10 year old giving a speech at church.  And
look at him now, he's one of the best known male stars, and he gives a
performance worth watching nearly every time out."

    "Anyway, as you know, there is a certain formula to most sex films.
There's a lot of fucking and sucking, some girl-girl action, and some
threesomes and foursomes, and occasionally moresomes.  Would any of that
bother you?"

    "Well, I've never done it with another woman, but I suppose I might
try..." Kim said, with some trepidation. "I know it's very popular in the
films, I just never had the opportunity to try it."

    "Well, you have my word that if you don't like it, we won't force you
into it." reassured Andy. "Now, about the cum shots - you won't mind having
cum shots on your body, face, or anywhere else, is that correct?

    "Yes..er, no, ah, I mean, no, I don't mind oral cum shots, or any other
kind of cum shots, for that matter.  I like cum. I think it's sexy, and it
never bothers me."  Kim searched Andy's face for some reaction, but she
could see none. She decided to see how far she could take him. "As a matter
of fact, the more cum, the better. I like it on my pussy, or in the crack
of my ass, or on my tits.."  Still no response. " or on my stomach, or down
my arms, or on my hands.." . Nothing.  "or on my face, yeah, I like cum on
my face, all over my lips and cheeks and chin.." A slight coloring appeared
on Andy's neck. ".. and in my mouth, I love to have cum in my mouth a whole
lot, I just love it when a man shoots all over my face and in my mouth.."
Now she could see a bulge starting to take shape behind Andy's zipper.
"Don't you think that's sexy, a woman with loads of cum all over her face
and in her mouth?" Kim was teasing him now, she could see that her words
were having an effect on him.

    "Ah, yes, we find that very tantalizing, that's one of the reasons that
face shots are so popular, at least among some people." Andy
half-whispered. "How long have you been this way, I mean, how long have you
had men shoot on your.. That is, when was the first time...?"

    Kim chuckled at his now-obvious discomfort. Even here, in the offices
of an adult film company, with a director who had probably seen more cum
shots that any 100 other people, her brazen admittance of the love of semen
was having an effect on him.  Perhaps on the set he was more used to it,
but she could see that he was beginning to get aroused.  She swiveled
towards him, placing both feet on the floor and leaning towards him. He was
about 5 feet away on the corner of his desk.

    "Oh geez, I'd have to think about that.. let me see, I think the first
time I ever got cum on my face was back in high school.  I was out on a
date with some guy, I can't even remember his name now, all I can see is
that cock of his.  We were screwing around in his car out on some Lover's
Lane somewhere, and I was jerking him off.  I really didn't feel like
fucking him, but he was a nice enough guy, and hell, a hand job didn't mean
anything.  He was leaning back in the seat with his cock out and his pants
down around his knees, and I as leaning over him, kissing him and jerking
his meat with my right hand."  Andy stood up and unzipped his pants.

    "Anyway, he put his right hand on the back of my head and started to
push it down towards his cock. Well, at this point, I'd never sucked a guy
off or anything, and I didn't know what to do. I resisted, but he kept
pushing. Finally, he stopped pushing, but he didn't let me move my head. So
there I was, my face down about six inches above his cock, my hand jerking
like mad, and him squirming and moving around on the seat. Every now and
then he'd arch up and try to get his cock closer to my mouth, but now it
was a game between him and me, me keeping my head away from his cock, and
him trying to get it closer. I think we both knew what was going to happen,
but neither of us said anything."  Andy pulled his hardening pecker from
his pants and started pulling on it, just standing next to his desk.




    "So there I was, jerking him off like mad. A little bit of pre-cum
popped out of his dick, and I rubbed it over the head with my thumb. He had
one hand down in my blouse, rubbing over my left tit and pressing my
nipple. I was getting really hot, I've always had sensitive breasts. I knew
that sooner or later he'd ejaculate.." She looked at Andy.  He had moved a
step closer to her, but still hadn't said a word. He was now jerking
himself off with obvious pleasure.  Kim dipped her head, and looked down at
her feet.

    "As I was jerking him off, I could hear him start to whisper, 'in your
mouth, on your face, in your mouth, on your face' over and over, I could
barely hear him. Maybe he didn't even realize he was saying it, I don't
know. I knew what was coming, but didn't want to move.  Something in me
wanted to see what would happen, somehow I wanted his cum on me."  Andy was
now nearing orgasm, Kim could tell.  The broad head of his cock was
expanding and his hand was flying back and forth on the shaft.

    "Finally, he arched up out of the seat.  I looked right at his cock and
opened my eyes as wide as I could.  It seemed like slow motion. The little
slit opened up, and BOOM, a jet of his jizz flew out and hit me square in
the face. Well, shit, I didn't know what to do. But before I could do
anything, the cock was spraying cum all over. I kept on jerking it out of
force of habit, I guess, and he was shooting like a bull. I got jizz on my
forehead, all over my cheeks, and one spurt even hit me in the eyelash. I
opened my mouth involuntarily, and another one went straight into it. This
time I swallowed it, the first time I'd ever had male sperm in my mouth. I
almost felt it sliding right down my throat. Then another shot hit me in
the chin, and there was more of it in my hair and all over my face. Let me
tell you, I was drenched in it. I don't think he'd had any sex for weeks,
and was saving it all up for me or something."  Kim heard Andy grunting,
but still didn't look up. He had moved closer to her, though, and she knew
what would happen when she did look up, and she wanted to tease him some
more.

    "Finally it stopped. The last dribbles leaked out of his cock and I
spread them around with my hand. I sat up, and looked at myself in the
mirror. I had cum ALL OVER my face. It was in my eyes, all over my cheeks
and forehead, and there were several spots of it in my hair. My lips were
coated with it, and like I said, I had a bunch in my mouth, although most
of it that went into my mouth I had swallowed. I stared at my face in the
mirror for a few minutes, and suddenly, without him even touching my clit
or my pussy, I had a tremendous orgasm. I shuddered all over, and slumped
back in the seat. The guy still hadn't said a word.  I reached up and
touched the cum on my face. It was still hot, but smooth to my skin. I
rubbed it into my face, loving the feel of it on my skin. When I finished,
I licked my fingers, able to taste the cum on them for the first time. Then
I looked at the guy, and told him to take me home.. and that was that.
Pretty sexy, huh?"  Kim finished, and took a deep breath, still staring
down at her feet.

    "...Kim!!" Andy gasped.

    "What?"

    "Look up!"




    Kim raised her head.  His cock was inches from her face.  Suddenly it
blew. A ribbon of sperm flew out and struck her on the chin.  Another one
shot out and landed on her forehead.  Now the sperm was flying in force. It
shot out and landed on her cheeks and nose. Several gobs landed on her
lips, which were slightly opened. One gobbet landed on her upper teeth.
Andy was grunting with the passion and excitement of the moment. A sticky
stream of sperm flew out and struck Kim on the corner of her mouth,
trailing down the side of her cheek towards her chin. The last of it came
out slowly, as Andy stopped pumping his cock at her smiling face. It
collected on his encircling hand. He brought his hand up slowly, towards
her face.  He held it out in front of her, waiting for her to make the next
move.

    Kim leaned forward and poked her tongue out. She lapped up the cum on
his thumb and forefinger, drawing it back into her mouth. She looked up at
him, and thickly said "I guess my story got you kind of excited, eh?"

    "Oh God, I never felt anything like it at all. You were just so damned
sexy sitting there talking about it like it was something you do every day.
And now you're sitting there with cum all over your face, and you didn't
even flinch. Hell, even Amber Lynn flinches when the guy comes on her. How
do you do it?"

    "I don't know, I guess I'm just used to it now. I guess I've had
about.. " . Kim thought for a moment. "oh, about 70 loads of cum splattered
on my face in the last year or so. I love it."  While she was talking, Andy
was gazing rapturously at the cum-splattered face before him.

    "Wait, hold on, don't move,"  he said. "I want to get this on tape." He
quickly unpacked a portable video camera from a box near his desk, and move
back in front of her.  He turned on some lights near the sofa for better
lighting, and started filming.

    "Ok, speak to me, Kim, tell us what just happened."

    "Hi. My name is Kim, Kim Armstrong. I was just telling Andy about the
first time I ever got cum on my face.  It turned him on so much, he had to
whack off himself, and he came all over me.  Do you like it?" she whispered
to the camera.  Andy could see that she would be a natural when in front of
the lens. Here she was calmly sitting in a strange man's office, having
just opened up about one of her first sexual experiences, and having just
had a man ejaculate several strands of semen on her face, and she was
acting as though she was discussing the latest recipes with her
girlfriends.

    "I enjoy having men ejaculate for me, and especially love it when the
do it on my face or in my mouth. I swallow sperm all the time."

    Andy called out to Melissa. "Melissa, come in here, please. I want you
to see this."

    Melissa walked in, took one look at the sperm-covered young female
sitting calmly on the couch, and said, "Oh, wow. What a splat!  Andy, I can
see your handiwork here. Mind if I taste it?"

    She walked over to Kim, bent over and began licking the cum from the
woman's face. She and Kim kissed, swapping the sperm and saliva back and
forth for several seconds.  They rubbed each others breasts. Andy filmed it
all. Finally, they broke apart, after each girl had shared the cum and
swallowed it completely. When they finished, Kim's face was completely
clean and fresh, sparkling a bit from the saliva and semen, but otherwise
untouched from when she walked into the office several minutes earlier.

    "Well, now then, that was pretty exciting. I guess you could say that
you've passed your screen test with flying colors,"  Andy said, sitting
back down on the edge of his desk after fixing them both some cold drinks.

    "Now, about the film we want to start you off in.  MAX-O productions
specializes in films that glorify the orgasm.  We don't make much of a
pretense of being the greatest thing since Citizen Kane, or any of that.
Our philosophy is that the Big O, as they call it, is a great feeling, and
anything that gets you to it is good, especially if the other people
involved feel the same way.  Our films frequently have a futuristic or
mythic setting, because then we can "create" our own behavior patterns. We
don't have to worry about forcing our actors to conform to previously
established ways of doing things.  As such, our movies tend to be somewhat
different than your run-of-the-mill porno flick."

    "For example, one of our movies took place in prehistoric times. There
was very little dialogue in it, and what there was was mostly grunts and
groans - we really didn't think that Neanderthal man spoke California
English.  But you can be damn sure that everybody who watched it knew what
was going on.  One scene was a gang fuck of the village princess, who had
over 40 actors fuck her during the scene.  We filmed every minute of it,
including all the cum shots. It took over three hours, but it was worth it.
Poor Lydia had more jizzum sprayed on her that day than she's ever seen
before or since.  I think she's still combing it out of her hair.

    Anyway, as I said, we glorify the orgasm. We film cum shots with as
many as four cameras, then slo-mo, split screen, and splice the shots in
for maximum effect. Sometimes we take a closeup lens and just film the
hairs standing up on the girls arms and legs, or the flush she gets around
her tits as she gets off.  You haven't seen anything until you've seen
John's film of a super-slo-motion cum shot, where he actually tracked a gob
of cum flying through the air and landing on Sherry Farmer's left tit. Just
before it landed, he switched to a micro-closeup lens, where her tit took
up almost the entire frame. The cum drop splattered into her nipple, and
you could actually see her tit shake and shiver from it, and the little
hairs on her areola stand up and get cum on them. It was something else,
let me tell you. We use computers and sophisticated video editing machines
to produce effects other film makers just dream about."

    "Anyway, the film we plan for you takes place in the distant future, in
a society where sex for recreation has been forbidden.  However, your
character decides to rebel against the authorities, and you travel the city
seeking converts.  You have trouble convincing the men to look at things
your way, since the penalty for men caught in recreational sex is
castration, while the women are merely held in prison for six months and
given drugs to curb their sex drives. Soon you have a band of 20 or so
people following you, and you start your own community where sex is legal.
But, I don't want to spoil much of the fun. You'll hear more about it
tonight."

   



    Andy finished discussing the plans for the filming of the movie with
Kim, and invited her to his house that evening. "We're all meeting tonight
to go over the script and perhaps have a quick read-though. All the other
parts have been cast, so you'll get to meet your fellow actors for the
first time."  Kim promised to be there.

    "Oh, and Kim - wear something that comes off easily, or doesn't stain,
if you know what I mean - I have a feeling these guys will pop their corks
when they see you in action."

    When she left the building, Kim decided that it was such a beautiful
day out that she would walk around the area for a few hours before heading
home. She wandered down the wide, palm-lined streets, marveling at the
beautiful shops and modern steel and glass buildings.  As she walked,
thought, she found herself getting into a slightly seedier neighborhood
than where she began.  Pawn shops, bars and adult book stores seemed to
have taken over from the Gucci's, Mercedes-Benz dealerships and
professional offices. She found herself standing in front of an adult book
store, advertising "Novelties, books, magazines, peep shows, and live
girls".

    "Hmmm. Sounds interesting. Let's see what it's like inside." she
thought to herself as she stepped in.

    Behind a high counter filled with condoms, love oils and pornographic
playing cards, a cadaverous looking man idly thumbed through a Racing Form
magazine.  It being the middle of the day, Kim was surprised to see half a
dozen men browsing around the racks of articles in the store. Kim strolled
past the tightly wrapped picture magazines.

    "Loads of CUM".. "Anal Antics".. "Blonds who crave big dicks".."Black
women and white dicks".."Betsy Loves Balling".. Kim was amused at the wide
variety of magazines available for every taste in voyeurism.  She wandered
over to the racks of pocket books.

    "The Horny Housewife".."The Sitter Sucks".."Mom loves Everybody"..
"Once a Slut, always a Slut".."Slave to Passion".."Kidnaped and Raped
Schoolgirl"..the titles were endless. Kim wandered back to the rear of the
store, curious to see what the video booths offered.

    Several men were wandering back and forth in the area, reading the
titles of the videos advertised.  Kim examined several of them in detail.
Everything from Nurses in Heat to European Imports, from Ladies who Love
Ladies to Locker-room Action seemed to be available.  Beginning to feel a
wetness between her legs, Kim ignored the surreptitious looks from the male
customers, and digging through her purse, found a five-dollar bill which
she changed into quarters in a machine.

    "Jesus, they must make a mint in one of these places", she thought, as
she listened to the clink of the quarters falling into the cup. Scooping
them up, she entered the nearest booth, and picking her way through the
wadded up paper towels on the floor, and eying the bench warily for a
moment, sat down and locked the door.  She slipped a quarter into the
machine, and watched as a title screen came up, offering her the viewing
pleasures of 15 different videos, with the enticement to deposit as many as
99 quarters.

    She slipped a half dozen or so into the machine to build up some time,
and began idly flipping through the channels.  Each channel brought her
face to groin with fuck films in varying shades of color and focus. Some
were obviously well made, others rather grainy and foolish looking. She
watched one gay film for a moment, never having seen two men sucking each
other.

    "Why is it the guys in this film are so good-looking," she wondered to
herself idly. "You'd think they would have any woman who saw them falling
all over themselves to fuck them." She quickly tired of the scenes of hard
dicks sliding into hairy asses, though, and began zipping through the other
channels.  She heard the door next to her open, then the sound of a body
entering the next booth and closing the door.  She was startled by a sudden
beam of light shining into her booth.

    "What the heck?..." Kim found herself looking at a hole someone had
carved in the partition between the two booths. "Now what can that be
for..?"  she thought.  Suddenly, the beam was cut off, as though there was
something blocking it in the next booth.  There was.

    A pinkish cock head poked slowly, tentatively through the hole.
Suddenly Kim knew what the holes were for.  "Horny guys stick their cocks
through the holes between partitions for hand- or blowjobs!" Kim figured
that could be a risky act, as who knows what kind of a kook might be
sitting across from you in a porno video shop. But Kim felt in a
mischievous frame of mind. She leaned over and tapped the cock with her
forefinger.

    "Is this supposed to impress me?" she whispered, loudly enough for the
man next door to hear, but not loudly enough for the entire world.

    "You wanna suck it?" came the semi-plaintive words from the other side
of the plywood panel.

    "Suck it? Why the hell would I want to do that? Next thing you know,
it'd probably cum all over me! Do you want that to happen?"

    "Will you let me cum in your mouth?"

    "Weeellll," Kim toyed , slowly rubbing the body-less cock around in her
fist. "Maybe, just maybe."  She leaned over and placed her lips around just
the head of the cock. She tongued the tip of it. It grew appreciatively in
her mouth. Kim leaned over and, taking the shaft between her fingers, began
jerking it into her mouth.  She heard the groans of delight from next door.
On the screen, unseen, two blondes were humping a big black man, one
sitting on his cock, one taking a mustache ride.

    "Are you going to take all day, or what?" Kim whispered, as though she
was annoyed. "Let's get the show on the road, eh buddy!"  She resumed her
light tonguing and fisting of the shaft, keeping just the tip and first
inch or so in her warm, wet mouth.  Then she felt the shaft expand ever so
slightly, and the vein beneath one fingertip pulsed with liquid. Semen shot
through the shaft and out into her mouth.  Six pulses later, Kim was the
recipient of a small mouthful of semen, courtesy of a total stranger in an
adult-video peep show booth.  She fingered her clitoris through her
panties, loving the small waves of thrills it send shivering up her body.

   "Do you want more?" came the whispered voice from the dark booth next
door.

    "...Yes" was her slightly hesitant reply. Kim wasn't exactly sure that
she wanted to cause a riot in a porno book store in a rather seedy part of
Hollywood, but then she thought "What the hell - it might make for good
publicity."

    She didn't have to wait long.  She heard the door open in the adjoining
booth, and in a few minutes, a buzz of voices could be heard outside the
booths.  Kim felt relatively anonymous, figuring that no one could possibly
know her or ever see her again.  In a way, she found it strangely erotic -
blowing complete strangers in a peep show booth, men she would probably
never see again, men who were all ages and sizes. Yet she thought that it
wasn't completely impossible that she wouldn't come face to face with one
of these men in a completely different setting at some future time. Sharing
an elevator, meeting in the grocery store, who knows?

    A long, thin black cock snaked its' way into the booth from next door.
Kim bent to the task at hand. She pursed her lips around the throbbing head
and licked the small piss-hole with her tongue.  She put her lips around
just the head, tightening her grip just below the knob, and pulsed her
cheeks in with all her might, willing the cock to plop fully into her
mouth. She felt the knob flare behind her lips.  She grasped the cock shaft
with her right hand and fed several inches into her mouth. Swabbing it with
her semen-flavored saliva , she licked all up and down the entire length of
the shaft, until her face was stopped by the knotty plywood of the booth
partition.  Then she moved back up the shaft and around the head again,
this time ovalling her mouth and impaling her face on the ebony cock.  She
jerked the shaft up and down, keeping the knob and about three or four
inches of cock buried in her face.  Her tongue swept over and around the
head of the cock, smearing it lightly with spit.  Her efforts were rewarded
with the sudden swelling of the shaft in her mouth, and the final thrust of
the cock through the hole.  The head sped over Kim's tongue, lodging just
above the opening to her throat.  The slit opened up and an enormously
strong jet of jizzum shot out, completely coating her upper throat with
white juice and sliding down into her stomach to join the earlier cumload.

    Again the cock loosed a white streak into Kim's mouth, but this time
her head was moving backwards along the shaft, and she caught most of this
jet in her mouth.  She closed off her throat with her tongue and allowed
the cock to complete it's ejaculatory emissions into her mouth.  After
several strong squirts of semen and an equal number of agonized groans from
the booth next door, the black balls that stayed on the other side of the
partition were temporarily emptied of their cargo, it having been
successfully transferred to the waiting mouth of the beautiful blond on her
knees in the adjoining booth.  Kim swirled it around in her mouth a few
seconds, savoring the hot, salty mixture, loving the feel of the creamy
consistency as it slid over her tongue and lips.  Then she swallowed it. It
was her third load of the morning.

    During the next 45 minutes, Kim swallowed 28 loads of cum.  After the
seventh or eighth load had been emptied into her completely willing mouth
and swallowed into her cum-coated stomach, she lost count of the men.  All
she was concentrating on, her entire universe, was the cockshaft poking
through the hole and pointing ominously at her face.  One shaft blew its
cargo the second it pointed through the hole, spraying her face from
forehead to chin with air-cooled semen.  "Gug..lub...Gawdd" Kim sputtered,
her mouth too full of cum to get the words out with any clarity.  It webbed
from her teeth and coated her tongue.  The face spraying, though, was
welcomed, as it allowed her to spread the jizzum around on her sweaty skin,
cooling off temporarily.

    Finally, Kim could accept no more of the seminal offerings. Her stomach
sloshed. Her lips were white-rimmed. Her face bore the slimy strings of
more than one jizz jetting. She slowly stood up, smoothed her dress down,
and opened the door.  She was greeted by the cheers of 30 very satisfied
men. One fellow pressed a roll of money into her hand, saying

    "I was the first one, honey, and decided we should kick in a little
token of our appreciation of your performance.  Hope you don't mind..."

    Kim looked at the wad of paper.  She looked at the man next to her.

    "Thanks, I think. I mean, it was my pleasure. I'm not sure about this
money,though, I'm not a hook-"

    "We know you're not. But take it anyway. Please."

    Kim walked out the door of the bookstore into the brilliant southern
California sunlight, $339 clutched in her cummy hands. Semen was still
drying on her face. She rimmed her teeth with her tongue, collecting stray
wisps of sperm from the cock meal. She drove home in silence, but once
there removed her clothes and masturbated to several blinding climaxes
thinking of the acts she had just performed.

                                Chapter 4


    Kim soaked her glistening body in the tub, and idly fingered her curly
pubic hair.  She was anxious to get to the working party Andy was having,
yet was also somewhat apprehensive.  She was unsure of how she would be
received by the established actors and actresses that she expected to meet
there.  She raised one smooth leg and ran her hands down it, from her calf
to her upper thighs, smoothing the water droplets off into the suds around
her. She picked up a razor from the edge of the tub and dipped it into the
water.  Slowly, she shaved the pubic hair from around her vaginal lips,
leaving them completely bare. She trimmed back the bush until just a small
pad of hair remained above her vulval opening.

    "There, that should get their attention a little.." she thought to
herself.  Pulling apart her cunt lips, she inserted the tip of one finger
into her pussy, moving it around and feeling the lubrication begin to wet
the opening even more.  She teased the erect nubbin of her clitoris with
the top of her thumb, shoving it in and around the flaps of highly
sensitized skin that surrounded it. Slowly, her sexual tension increased
until it burst over her insides like a bubble, causing her entire body to
go limp and float languorously in the steaming tub.

    Climbing out a few minutes later, she dried herself completely, and
went into the bedroom to dress.  Selecting a blue leather minidress that
zipped up the side of her body, she held it in her hands and put it to her
body, checking out her reflection in the mirror.  The dress came to
mid-thigh on her legs, and was skin tight. The upper part flared to climb
her ribcage and surround the bottom halves of her breasts. The zipper
started on the side at the bottom, and curved up her body to end up between
her tits.

    She climbed into it, not bothering with panties or bra. Zipping it up
to just below her breasts, she decided to show as much cleavage as she
thought she could legally get away with.  The cold zipper against her skin
gave a slight chill to her.  The top of the dress reached to just above her
now erect nipples, so that if she leaned forward at all, it fell away just
enough to allow a lucky onlooker to see straight down to her stomach.

    As Kim drove to the address in West Hollywood that Andy had given her,
she mentally prepared herself for the night she expected to have. "I'll
probably eat a half gallon of cum before they're done with me, and get my
pussy thoroughly creamed. And something tells me that my nice tits are
going to get wet as well. This might be an interesting introduction to the
world of fuck films..."

    She found the address without too much trouble, and drove her car up
the winding driveway. The house was set well back from the road, shaded by
large palms and other ornamental landscaping.  It was not large by Los
Angeles standards, but seemed very nice.  Andy himself met her at the door,
and welcomed her with open arms.

    "Kim, Kim, glad to see you again. You're right in time to meet some of
the other actors in the film.  Come with me into the living room, and I'll
introduce you around."  He took her hand after kissing her wetly on the
lips, and they walked through the house to the living room.  It opened on a
pool area, where Kim saw several people standing and talking among
themselves. The living room itself was open and cheery-feeling, with
several large couches and overstuffed chairs around a sunken conversation
pit. A brick fireplace stood in one corner.  Interesting graphic artwork
hung on the walls.  All in all, it didn't look like the room a major porno
film director might have, and Kim mentioned this to Andy.

    "Well, we do live fairly normal lives when we're not behind the camera,
you know. We pay our taxes, send out for pizza, and all the stuff regular
people do.  It's just that our chosen profession involves photographing
people having sex. Big deal, right?  C'mon, I want you to meet some people.

    He took her by the hand and led her out to the pool area. Kim noticed
on man standing with a drink in his hand, dressed in chino slacks and a
white shirt. He looked familiar, but she couldn't quite place him.  Andy
walked them up to him and said "Hey Jack, I'd like to introduce you to the
girl that's going to shake up the industry like nothing since Linda
Lovelace. This is Kim Armstrong, and she has a special talent that, if
we're nice, she might just show us later on. Kim, this is Jack Bender. He's
a major star of porno films, in case you haven't seen any of his work.

    Suddenly, Kim remembered where she'd seen him - in a video at the book
store earlier that day - he was assfucking a cute little Asian girl next to
a fireplace.

    "Pleased to meet you Kim," he said, gazing fondly at her ripe body.
"Nice outfit, very nice.."  He made an act of raising up on his toes to
look down into the dress.  Kim blushed and accepted his hand.

    "It's nice to meet you, Jack. I must say I've seen some of your work,
and I'm sure we'll have fun working together."

    They talked of this and that for a few moments, and then Andy took her
around to meet most of the other people at the house. She met three other
men who were to appear in the picture with her, Tom Watson, Bill Jones, and
Kevin Williams, and three women, Debbie O'Connell, Anne Baker and Lois
Miller, who acted under the stage name of Cherry Blossom.  After a bit,
they all wandered back into the living room, and the people sat around
while Andy passed out rough copies of the script for the movie.

    "Now I realize that some of you haven't worked together before, and Kim
is new to all of you.  Let's talk about what we will be planning for the
movie."  They read through the script quickly, joking and making comments
about the situations they'd be put into.

    "Hey, I'm not sure I like the idea of fucking on the rocks at the beach
- last time I did that, I got my ass scraped off," laughed Lois, causing
Andy to let her know that this time, she'd have a blanket or air mattress
or something. "Lord knows you could stand to lose a few pounds back there,
anyway," he said with a grin.  Lois threw a pillow at him.

    Finally, they'd had enough of the movie talk. Andy suggested they play
a game of 'guess the cock' - "It's simple, " he said, "we blindfold the
women, they get on their knees, and the guys offer some hard meat for them
to suck on.  Whoever guesses right gets a fuck from the guy. If they guess
wrong, they get a faceful of cum instead, and they're not allowed to jerk
off themselves.  Kim, since you've never seen them in the flesh, we'll give
you a bit of an introductory session.."

    The men quickly stood and stripped. Soon the room boasted of six hard
cocks, proudly standing at attention.  Kim walked slowly around the men,
feeling the hard shafts, running her hand up and down them to gauge the
length and thickness of each.  The men moved their hips in time with her
stroking, anxious for the game to begin.  Finally, Kim said she was
familiar enough with them to begin the game.  Andy brought some couch
pillows over, and laid four of them on the floor in a row.

    "OK, ladies, on the pillows, please." He blindfolded each one of them
with silk napkins. On the floor knelt Kim, Lois, Anne and Debbie. Four of
the men arranged themselves in front of the kneeling women.  Kevin offered
his cock to Anne, Jack slowly inserted his slightly leaking pecker to the
mouth of Debbie.  Bill walked up to Kim and stuck his dick to her lips. Tom
did the same with Lois. At Andy's command, they all stroked forward at the
same time.

    "In... hold it...out...in..hold it..out..in..ohh, that's good Lois, get
it all in if you can."

    The men stroked in and out of the quartet of warm mouths for several
long seconds.

    "Now if any of you girls think you can identify the cock you've got,
raise your hand. Your partner will then withdraw, and you give the name. If
you're right, you get a nice hot fuck. If you're wrong, well, you get
splashed royally. And oh, by the way, we'll remove the blindfold so you get
the watch the cum spurt real close up"  added Andy.

    Debbie was slurping up and down the cock she had been presented with,
spreading saliva up and down the shaft. She backed off to the head of the
cock and licked her tongue all around the top of the glans, drawing a bead
of pre-cum out of the pisshole and rolling it around her lips to help
lubricate them. Her unknown partner grunted and hissed through his teeth,
careful not to utter a sound that would be identifiable. Debbie grunted
herself, and shoved her face forward, down the entire length of the cock
until her lips met pubic hair. The cock buried itself down the length of
her face and into her throat. She withdrew and then again swallowed the
jutting prick into her warm oral cave.  Suddenly, she raised her hand and
pulled off the penis slowly.

    "OK, Debbie, you think you know who you have?" asked Andy, chuckling.

    "Umm, yea, " she said, swallowing thickly several times to clear her
mouth. "This has gotta be Kevin's big cock, I'd know it anywhere."

    Andy laughed. "Ok, well, take off your blindfold and see".

    She quickly tore the covering off her eyes. "Oh, shit, Jack! When did
you get so big, you son of a bitch?" she laughed.

    "I guess it's just that you really inspired me. Now get ready for the
facial you deserve, you slut cocksucker, you" he replied laughingly.

    "OK, but try not to get any in my eyes, it really stings when that
happens."

    She leaned back on her heels and offered her sweaty, but pretty face as
the target for Jack's stroking.  He fisted his powerful cock several times,
and then yelled "Oh shit I'm cummin', I'm cummin' on your face right....
about... NOW".  A powerful gout of semen shot out of his cock and sprayed
up the length of Debbie's face. She shrieked in surprise, and opened her
mouth to catch the next rope of goo. It pulsed out of the prick and flew
into her mouth, catching on her upper teeth and dripping down to her
tongue.

    "Oh, now you don't, bitch, you take it ON your face." Jack moved his
spraying cock around so that the girl couldn't capture any more of the
sperm in her mouth. He shot a wad of jizz that landed on her forehead above
her left eye and dribbled down over her eyelid. Debbie quickly closed the
eye. Another stream shot out and hosed over her nose and cheek. Finally
Jack's orgasm ended, and he slowly drew the remaining drops of semen out of
his cock, which he now draped over Debbie's pert nose and slimed it around
her face.

    "Oh yeah, lover, give it to me now, " she said , "give me that warm
load of jizz."  Debbie was entranced by the process, and she raised her
hands to smear the sperm around on her face. She swallowed the small amount
that had found her mouth, and then yawningly engulfed the slowly softening
penis before her.

    "Well done, Jack, a fine job.  Debbie, I hope you learn from this
experience" Andy said with mock seriousness. "OK, you two are out of the
competition for the moment."  Jack offered his hand to Debbie to help her
to her feet, kissed her warmly, put his arm around her waist.

    "Howabout a quick fuck as a consolation prize anyway? I'd love to eat
your pussy for a while while I recover" he asked her.

    "Great, I could use a nice hot cock right about now, my cunt is leaking
like a sieve."  She led him over to the sofa, stepping out of her short
skirt on the way to reveal a pair of wispy white lace panties.  They soon
joined her skirt on the floor. She sat on the sofa with her long legs
spread wide open, and motioned for Jack to get to work on her snatch. He
fell to his knees in front of her and buried his face in her bush, and
began licking her slit hungrily.

    Meanwhile, the other contestants were back at work. The other three men
had pulled out of the mouths attached to their cocks to watch Jack come on
Debbie's face. Like any other red-blooded males, the scene aroused them
even further.  As a consequence, Kevin was on the verge of coming himself.
Luckily for him , his partner Anne raised her hand.  She was fairly certain
that she had Kevin, but her kinky nature forced her to guess wrong on
purpose. "Let's see, is it Bill?" she asked.

    "Wrongo, my lady," said Kevin, stroking his nearly erupting cock with
one hand and removing her blindfold with the other. "And for that, you get
face-sprayed by the monster load of cum I've been saving all day..." Anne
moved her mouth up right to the end of his cock.

    "Ok, fucker, stroke that thing and cum right in my face, I want your
cum on me, please please please squirt on my face, right here.." She placed
her index finger on the tip of her tongue. "right here on my tongue for the
first load, then spurt the rest on my face, get it up my nose and all over
my cheeks and lips, c'mon fucker cum on me" she whispered quickly to the
boiling Kevin.

    Just as she wished, the prick pulsed a long stream of cum straight into
her open mouth, splashing wetly inside and falling down into her belly.
Kevin obligingly aimed his pulsing dick around, spraying her adoring face
with his orgasmic juices.  The amount of semen he loosed on her was
tremendous, obviously the result of a relatively long period of abstinence.
Semen splashed on Anne's face in warm liquid lines, spreading over her
cheeks and across the bridge of her nose.  It streamed into her hair and
one jet pulsed into her ear when she tossed her head in delight. Her red
hair shone with the lines of sperm crossing into it. Finally Kevin finished
unloading his love juice on the pretty girl on her knees in front of him.

    "Oh god that was great, my love, just fanfuckingtastic" he said
glowingly. "You can suck my cock any time of the day, don't even need to
ask."

    Anne left the cum slowly sliding down her face and moved over to where
Lois was busy sucking away on Tom's long thin cock.  She moved up close to
her and let her wet face rub on Lois's. "Here, dear, have some cum just in
case you guess right. I know how much you love the cream."  Lois moved her
face in circles next to Anne's, smearing the cum between the faces of the
two women.  She backed off the cock with her and raised her hand.

    "OK, Lois, you think you know. Since there are just the two of you
left, Kim, you stop too. Both of you back off, leave your blindfolds on
until I tell you to take them off."  They did so.  "Ok, Lois, who do you
think you have?"

    "I think this is Bill."

    "Kim, how about you?"

    "Well, actually, I think this is Bill. Tom's cock seemed thinner than
this..."

    "Well, one of you is wrong, obviously, " grinned Andy. "The lucky girl
who gets it right gets fucked, the other one gets to get splashed by her
partner, and since I've been here watching this sexy scene with no fine
lady to suck my cock.."

    "Awww, poor baby,"  Lois interrupted.

    "I'm gonna join in coming on her face as well, so she gets two healthy
loads.  OK, take the blindfolds off!"

    Kim squealed in happiness.

     "Yes! I knew it was you, Bill, you've got a great dick to suck, just
the right length and thickness."

    Lois on the other hand, was not so happy.

    "Fuck, Tom, was that you all this time? "

    'You bet, baby, and now you're gonna get it."

    Andy moved over to the couple, stroking his hard cock. "Let's see if we
can come at the same time, buddy, and give this lady her wet reward."

    The two men aimed their penises at the kneeling porno queen.  She
looked up at them with shining eyes.

    "Ok you fuckers, but you better make it good, and afterwards I want a
good fuck and a good pussy licking from the both of you-"

    Before she could finish a rainstorm of semen rushed toward her open
mouth and face, covering it with a lather of white liquid. Sperm rushed
into her mouth before she could close it off, coating her tongue and teeth
with a filmy cover. Lines of sperm crisscrossed her famous face, a face
that launched a thousand cums in theaters and living rooms across the
nation. Andy pulsed several strong jets of jizz onto her lips and cheeks,
and Tom did the same, both men combining to cover her face like a mask.
Anne held her hands up to either side of her face as they sprayed it,
smoothing the cream into her skin with practiced abandon.

    "Oh yea do it to me, I love it, I need it, more cum , more cum..." she
breathed hoarsely.  Andy shot a stream into her mouth as it opened like a
summer flower before his pollinating prick.  She swallowed it hungrily and
stuck her tongue out for more, which Tom was pleased to provide her. He fed
her face a string of cum that looped down over her chin before she could
slurp it all in.  But, like all good things, the dual orgasms came to an
end all too quickly.

    The lovers collapsed together on the floor, Andy inserting his strong
fingers into Lois's wet cunt and beginning to slide them in and out. Bill
looked at Kim.

    "Well, honey shall we repair to the bedroom for a little privacy, or
would you prefer to just stay out here?"

    By way of an answer, Kim unzipped her dress and let it fall away from
her lovely body. Bill whistled in appreciation, and she smiled at him.

    "Let's get it on right now, I'm hotter than hell after all that." She
thrust the pillow under her hips and lay down over it, pulling the still
hard prick of her partner directly into her steaming snatch.  Bill groaned
as he sank his cock fully into the lovely woman beneath him.  Supporting
himself on his toes and fingertips, he lovingly fed every inch of his cock
into her.  Kim moaned in ecstasy as he set off a quick orgasm in her
supercharged cunt.  Bill pistoned his prick in and out of the wet pussy
attached to him with blinding speed, shoving the hard meat up into Kim's
body like a madman.

    "Oh yes fuck me fuck me fuck me fuckme fuckme fuckme!"

    Andy watched easily as Kim accepted the pounding of the prick into her
cunt, watched as she rolled her hips up to meet his thrusts, watched as
Bill could take it no more and finally shoved his cock all the way up
inside Kim's body and tensed as the warm cum shot out of his cock into her.
Kim screamed with the rush of orgasm as she felt the seed embed itself in
her womb.  Bill groaned with the feeling of release and fulfillment, and
with the pleasure known only to those who are fucking. Finally, he was
completely spent, and slowly withdrew the length of his shrinking cock from
her tube. A small trickle of sperm followed it out as Kim's thighs clenched
and unclenched around it. Bill kissed her on the lips and murmured into her
ear as the two of them came down from the heights.  He rolled her off the
pillow until they were both flat on the floor.

    "Welcome to our world, Kim."  She could only sigh in response.

    As the couples around the room finished off the last of the orgasmic
thrusts and flushes they so obviously were undergoing, they rested and
finished drinks to refresh themselves.  The women toweled off their spermy
faces, and dried the goop running from between their legs, if they were
lucky enough to have gotten a straight fucking from one of the men.

    As they rested, Andy got up and placed a video tape into the VCR above
the large TV in the corner. "Hey everyone, listen up. Kim came by the
office this morning to meet me and we had a rather interesting time. I
asked her about this and that, and she ended up describing her first cum
shower. I got so hot that I...well, you'll see.  Guys, I think you'll
really enjoy this." The assembly watched closely as Kim's cum-lined face
came into focus. As they watched her recite her love of facial cum shots
and eating sperm, the guys in the audience hooted with delight.

    "Ho boy, Kim, that is really fucking tremendous!"

    "Yeah, just you wait, I'll feed you some cum that'll be running out of
your ears by the time we're finished."

    "Oh baby, yes, eat my cum for breakfast, lunch and dinner!"

    Kim blushed at the good-natured ribbing she was getting, and glanced at
Andy. He winked at her and bowed his head with mock embarrassment.

    "C'mon guys, lighten up here.  You're acting like you never saw a cum
shot before or something..."

    Bill said "What's this I hear from John about you going to a swing club
and drinking a huge glassful of cum from 30 or so guys? What the hell was
that all about?"

    The rest of the gang encouraged her to tell the story.

    "Well, I'd heard of this swing club that meets every other Saturday
night at a house back home in New York, and managed to contact one of the
leaders of the group.  He mentioned that they occasionally have contests of
some sort or another, and it turns out that they were having a contest that
very Saturday night - to see how much cum a girl could hold in her mouth! I
had to get in on that, so I went there and won.  I think there were about
35 or so loads in my mouth when I finished."

    "You mean you kept 35 loads of cum in your mouth at one time, without
swallowing any?" asked an astonished Debbie.

    "Yeah, well, once you get used to it, it isn't that hard." she giggled
at the play on words. "That's gotta be an amazing feeling, that much sperm
in your mouth at one time.  What were you thinking of?" queried one of the
men.

    "Well, actually, the thought occurred to me that I probably had enough
'little spermies' , as I call them, to repopulate the entire country. That
was an amazing feeling, when you think about it," answered the blushing
Kim.

    "John told me you guys wouldn't believe the talents of our new friend
here, so I thought, if it's OK with you, Kim, that we'd have a little dry
run tonight - or should I say 'wet run'.   The rest of the troops should be
arriving any minute now."

    As if on cue, the front door bell rang.  Andy excused himself to answer
it, and momentarily returned with a group of muscular young men. Kim
shrieked with amazement.

    "Kim, I'd like to introduce the entire University of Palmdale football
team - offense and defense, mind you, 22 horny guys that we got together
for you.  Would you care to drain the cum from their cocks?"

    Kim could only stammer "I..I..I.oh what the hell, why not! But here's
the rules - I'm gonna make myself comfortable on a chair here, and I want a
tongue on my clit and pussy the whole time, I don't care who's it is.  A
finger or two now and then wouldn't hurt, either.  Guys, " she directed her
orders to the 22 men who were quickly shedding their clothes, "I'd prefer
to suck you off one by one, you'll all get your turn, and anyone who can
cum back for seconds or thirds before we're through is welcome. You can
jerk yourself off, or get sucked, it doesn't matter. Just remember that my
mouth will be getting full of cum pretty fast, so don't be shoving those
cocks in too far, or you'll make me swallow it all. If you jerk off, try to
get most of it in my mouth, there'll be plenty of room, and I'll hold my
mouth as wide open as possible. Any questions?"

    There were none, just a lot of cheers from the men.  Counting the six
guys already at the party, there were now 28 hard or semi-hard cocks taking
up space in the living room.  Kim sat down on one of the comfortable
leather chairs, taking care to spread a towel out under her ass first.  She
spread her legs wide, and motioned for a tongue to attach it self to her
pussy. Anne sprang to life, partly because she wanted to suck the girl's
hot cunt, but also because she hoped some of the ejaculated sperm might
find its way to her face and mouth.  She was kind of annoyed that Andy and
John never thought to do something like this for her, but swallowed her
disappointment, along with a last little streamer of cum, and sidled up to
Kim's beckoning bush.

    The players lined up in front of Kim.  The first one was a handsome man
with dark hair who sported a 9-inch hard cock.  He fisted it roughly. "Andy
said to hold off from coming for as long as we could before tonight. I've
gone three whole days without sex, so I've got a good load for you, pretty
lady.  I want you to suck it out of me the first time, 'cause I know I'm
gonna get back here a second or third time, and you're gonna be really full
by then, I hear."

    "Well, step right up, love, and give me that prick" answered Kim. He
presented her with the rock hard cock, which she stroked into her mouth
like a piece of flesh licorice.

    Kim swallowed the first half of the man's penis, wrapping her tongue
around the shaft as best she could. She handled his balls with one hand,
feeling the fullness of them, knowing they were filling with spermatic
fluid that would soon be pumped into her mouth.  She kneaded them lovingly,
coaxing the testes to fill with sperm.  She traced one finger up the long,
pulsing vein of the cock, forcing a small drop of pre-cum to sliver out of
the opening at the head of the cock.

    Kim slurped up and down the rock hard penis in front of her, feeling
the head slide smoothly over her tongue and poke down into the opening of
her throat. Her mouth watered at the thought of the loads of sperm she had
coming to her.  The young man groaned with pleasure as he watched her suck
his cock smoothly and expertly.  However, he could not contain himself for
long, not surprisingly.

    "Oh god Kim, you're gonna make me cum any second now, oh baby, that's
good, oh yeah..."

    Then Kim felt the large vein in the underside of his cock pulse on her
tongue, and suddenly her mouth was filled with wetness. She was amazed at
the quantity of cum being spilled out of his cock. She quickly moved back
so that only the head remained between her lips, and let the man pulse his
semen into her. He moaned with pleasure as his release overtook him, and
shook his entire body. The cock jerked one last time and a final small
jizzlet leaked out of the head onto Kim's lips. She pulled away, turned to
the crowd, and opened her mouth.

    They clearly could see a large pool of cum sitting on her tongue and
swirling around in her mouth. Andy stepped up and took a picture of it.

    "That's one, Kim, very good. Who's next?" he spoke, turning to the
crowd.  The next player stepped up.

    For the next several minutes, Kim vacuumed full loads of cum from every
cock presented to her. The entire time, Anne was busily sucking her clit
and engorged pussy lips, plunging a finger or tongue of her own deeply into
Kim's clutching pussy.  Kim orgasmed over and over again, shuddering
deliciously with each tremor.  After each male climax, Andy took another
picture of her open mouth and cum-soaked lips, so that a running history of
the event could be kept.  After ten or twelve men had cum in her, there was
no more room for the cocks to actually be sucked into the pretty blonde's
mouth, so the men had to content themselves with jerking off on her face.
Sometimes they did it by themselves, sometimes Kim helped. Mostly, she
simply sat in the chair with her hands on her knees and her face forward,
mouth open, tongue trying to hold back the growing pool of spermatic fluid
in her mouth.

    Gouts of sperm flew into her face. Some landed right between her open
lips.  Several flew in abandon into her face, striking her forehead,
cheeks, nose and eyelids.  Cum dripped in long streams down to her breasts,
beading on the aroused nipples, which were quickly licked clean by the
cum-loving Anne at her knees. Cum landed in her hair.  Cum splattered
forcefully over her lips and chin.  By the time there were only two guys
left to suck, Kim's face was almost entirely covered with criss-crossed
lines of sperm, and her mouth filled almost to overflowing. Andy's
photographs were piling up on the coffee table. Cheering from the
onlookers, small whispers between the onlooking actors, and the groans and
grunts of sexually satisfied young men were the only sounds in the room,
sometimes punctuated by an audible splatter as cum found its mark on Kim's
face, lips or open mouth.  The entire team was finally represented sexually
by the small lake of semen captured by Kim's more than willing mouth and
lips.  Several of the early players came back for seconds, but by this time
there was simply no more room in Kim's mouth for their offering, so they
were more than happy, as was Kim, to splatter smaller loads onto her face,
breasts and occasionally Anne's upturned face as well.

    Finally, virtually all the semen in the room had been transferred from
aching testicles to mouths and faces, one in particular. Kim felt that she
had had at least one orgasm for each seminal spray aimed at her. There was
not an unfulfilled cockshaft in the room.  Andy had taken 32 photographs,
which, when viewed in sequence, showed a growing amount of sperm being
tossed into Kim's open mouth. Gradually the sperm was shown being deposited
lovingly on her face and upper torso. The crowd passed the pictures around
with pleasure. Kim was exhausted from her chain of orgasms herself. She
motioned for Andy.

    He walked over to her.

    "You may swallow it if you like."

    She nodded to him closemouthed. Her tongue poked out from between her
white-coated lips to lick traces of sperm from them. Finally, she swallowed
roughly. The crowd watched mesmerized as the lovely young girl feasted on
the sperm. There was way too much for one swallow, so Kim gulped several
times, feeling the ropy mass of jizz slide over her tonsils and tongue,
until there was finally none left above her Adams' apple.  It slowly filled
her belly.  She cleared her throat and stood up shakily. "Ahhh, " she said,
pleased with her performance. "Not bad, not bad at all. I could get to like
this California vintage...."

                                Chapter 5


    The filming of the movie went ahead on schedule. Kim met her fellow
actors and actresses on the day Andy specified, and they went through a
complete reading of the script, with Andy and the assistant director, a
young fellow named Ted, providing explanations of some of the scenes. Most
of the people seemed excited about the film and it's possibilities, but one
girl, a cute blonde named Pat, had some reservations about the anal scene
Andy laid out for her.

    "I'm not so sure I want to do any more anal stuff, Andy, my ass is
still sore from that flick with Ron Jeremy a few weeks ago. He stuffed that
damn sausage of his so far up my butt that I thought he'd pop his cookies
out my mouth!"

    "Now, Pat, don't worry, your partner for that scene is regular sized,
and I'm sure well have him well lubed up for it. If it really bothers you
during the scene, stop us, and we'll get another girl for it, and somehow
work that into the script." comforted Andy. "Besides, you seemed to come
about ten times during that scene, and Ron told me that you enjoyed it!"

    "Yea, at the time - but who the hell thinks about their ass hurting for
the next month when they're getting butt-reamed!"

    One of Kim's first scenes also turned out to be her first on-screen
blow job and cum shot. Andy wanted her first splatter shot to be a good
one. The context of the scene had her character meet a man at a bar in the
city who, upon hearing her story of sexual converts for her mission, seemed
anxious to sample her delights.  She brought him back to her apartment, and
sat him down on the couch next to her.

    After explaining her ideas for the rebellious group of sexual freedom
fighters, she began stroking the front of his pants.  She felt the shaft
under the cloth begin to harden with blood.  After a few minutes of
fondling, she unbuckled his pants and slipped the zipper down.  Grasping
his hard shaft, she bent and licked around the head tantalizingly.

    The man groaned in appreciation.  Kim quickly scooted down and got on
her knees before him as he leaned back on the couch.  She shucked off her
blouse, and began to worship his prick, dressed in a skirt and panties. Her
bra gleamed white, starkly evident against her rapidly tanning skin. She
opened her mouth fully, and slipped it down over the length of his raging
hardon.  Once the entire shaft was buried in her face, she pursed her lips
around the very base of the cock, snuffling in the warm and crinkly pubic
hair.

    Meanwhile, the camera slowly moved in for an extreme closeup.  On the
real-time monitor at the other side of the set, some of the actors and crew
members watched in tense silence.  Kim's mouth held the penis prisoner, as
her tongue swabbed up and down the length of it as best she could.  She
could feel the tip nudge the top of her throat and bend slightly downward.
She decided to stay down on the entire length of the cock for as long as
she possibly could.  Breathing heavily through her nose, she drew in a huge
breath of air.  She reached up and began rubbing her breasts through  the
silky material of her bra.  Then she reached around behind her and
unsnapped the clasp at her back.  The picture on the monitor showed her
face grafted onto the man's lap, kneeling in homage, as she shook the bra
off and tossed it away. She still hadn't moved her mouth up from the very
base of the dick. But the viewers could see the muscles in her mouth,
cheeks and neck work their magic on the flesh pole she sucked.

    After nearly a minute, she slowly backed up off the shaft as her
partner moaned in pleasure.  She came up slowly, slowly, opening her mouth
just a bit as the cock retreated so she could slip her tongue out and bathe
the shaft with saliva.  At the very tip, she slid her tongue out as far as
she could and let the cockhead slide backwards along it. Gobs of pre-cum
slipped out the tiny hole at the head, leaving small white drops on her
tongue.  As she backed off the cock entirely, a strand of cum and saliva
joined the tip of her tongue and the head of the cock.

    She leaned back a few inches as the strand lengthened and began to
droop of its' own weight.  She leaned forward enough to allow some of the
cum and saliva on her tongue to travel down and thicken the interconnecting
line of goo.  The camera zoomed in for an extreme close up, until just the
tip of the cock and the tip of her tongue filled the entire frame, with the
suspension bridge of off-white moisture gapping between the two. Suddenly
she pulled back and the string snapped at the cockhead, laying down to
droop across her lower lip, down over her chin and dangling from her face
to the top of the valley between her breasts. She looked up at her partner,
to see a second camera shooting the scene from above his head.

    "I'm gonna suck your cock so hard and so good that you're going to be
spoiled forever.  You are going to cum in my mouth, my friend, and then I'm
going to swallow your seed.  I may spread some around on my face, but I am
going to eat most of it.  And then you are going to tell your friends that
the pleasure you had has been outlawed by the government, but you think the
people should fight back for their rights. Are you ready?"

    "Oh god, Misty, yes, yes, I'll do anything, just keep on what you're
doing, it feels marvelous!" he responded on cue, but Kim could tell he
wasn't acting that much.  His eyes kind of glazed over, and he thrust his
hips at her face, nudging the tip of her nose with his cock. It leaked a
tiny drop of cum on it.

    "Now, now, don't you cum just yet - I have barely begun your
conversion..." Kim whispered slyly, winking at him/the camera in a sexy
voice.

    The side camera moved back to bring her entire face into focus and
viewers at the monitor could now see the drop of sperm on her nose. Kim
knew it was there of course, and made no move to wipe it off. She jerked on
the cock in her hand a few times to force a few more drops of cum out the
tip, and then smoothed them around the head with her tongue.  Finally, she
opened her mouth wide and dropped her head onto the cock once again.

    She sucked and sucked on the cock in her mouth, revelling in the feel
of the hard flesh.  She knew she was a compulsive cock sucker.  She loved
the taste and feel of hard cocks in her mouth, and loved the taste of hot
cum. Every few strokes, she would empty her mouth of dick and gulp in air,
feeling her breasts heave with the effort.  She tweaked the nipples with
one hand and felt them stiffen and push out proudly.  The crew watched in
rapt attention.



    Finally, the actor muttered "Oh baby, I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum any
second now...."  Kim knew that was her cue to remove the cock from her
mouth and jerk it into her face.  Ted had told her that what he wanted was
a good shot or two of cum into her mouth, then a few onto her face and
cheeks, and to let the rest pump back into her mouth. She was then to slide
the cock head out of her mouth and turn slightly.

    Unlike most directors, he didn't shoot the male actors face's while
they were coming - "Hell, if people wanted to watch the man, there'd be no
need for cum shots on film - I think it's silly, and besides, who wants to
watch a man grunt and groan with his eyes closed when it's the women we
paid to see?" he was quoted as saying.

    Kim stroked the cock for a second, then let the man brush her hand away
and replace it with his. He pumped up and down and aimed the head at her
face.  She opened her mouth, revealing a slightly whitened tongue. The
first jet of sperm shot out, striking her front teeth and dropping onto her
tongue. The actor slid his fist up his cock shaft again, keeping the head
pointed directly at the young woman at his knees.  The second sperm shot
flew out, stronger than the first, with complete accuracy, into her open
mouth. One more quick jet followed it, then the man aimed at her forehead.
A jet of sperm cannoned from the cock and landed perfectly straight up her
face from the bridge of her nose to her forehead.  The next struck squarely
on her left eye, Kim having closed it just in time. She snapped her head
back slightly to heighten the effect.

    Within seconds her face was crossed with three more lines of cum,
striking her high cheekbones and nose, then her chin and closed lips. At
each squirt, the man grunted his pleasure out.  Finally he finished, and
Kim, looking at the cock with her one good eye, grasped it and fed it into
her mouth as the last of the cum leaked out onto her slimy tongue.  She
slurped it in and pursed the last few drops out into her mouth.

    The man straightened up, and Kim sat back to allow for a better camera
angle, then leaned to her left just a bit.  The camera came in for a long,
loving view of her cum-soaked face, lingering over the lines on her cheeks
and the heavy drop covering her eyelid. Some eyeshadow started to merge
with the white drop, turning it a milky blue.

    "So how'd you like that, lover?" she purred at the camera.  A small
drop of semen started to slide down off her forehead, rolling over her
eyebrow and falling onto the top of her cheek.  She opened her mouth and
displayed the cum splashed over her teeth and tongue. Kim lolled her tongue
around her open mouth, collecting the sperm from the inside of her cheeks
and pooling it.  Then she closed her mouth and visibly swallowed the load.
The camera lingered on her face for a few more seconds and then Ted yelled
"CUT! Beautiful, Kim, that was fantastic, we got every second of it."

    The cast and crew nearby gave her a small round of applause, and the
man she had just sucked off helped her to her feet.  Still blinking the cum
from one eye, a makeup girl came up and handed her a small towel to wipe
her face with. Kim took it thankfully and cleaned herself up a bit. Dabbing
at the cum drops spotting her neck and breasts, she said "Well, so that's
how they do it in the movies, eh?"





    The next day, Kim and the others watched the blond Pat have a four-way
gang bang with three hugely hung studs in a men's room.

    Pat started out sneaking into the men's room of a posh club and hiding
in the last stall. A man came in to piss, and as he stood at the urinal
shaking himself dry, she moaned "Ohhh, god I need a cock, please, baby,
give me your cock..."

    The man walked over to the stall and brushed the door open. Pat sat on
the toilet seat, skirt up around her waist, fingers busily pumping in and
out of her wet slit.  His eyes travelled up her curvy body, lingering at
the swell of her breasts beneath the clingy knit tube top she wore. The
nipples hardened and pushed out the material at the front.

    He hefted the length of his slowly stiffening rod in his right hand and
pointed it at her.  "Is this what you need, little lady".  He pumped blood
into it and it slowly began to rise and aim higher and higher. Pat moaned
in agreement and reached for it with lust in her eyes.

    "Oh no, not yet, I want to make sure you really need it.  I can't just
go around and fuck any slut hanging around the men's room, I need to be
sure this isn't a trap."

    "What do I need to do?"

    "First, bring yourself off with your fingers.  Then I want you out on
the floor, flat on your back. I want you so hot you'll need a firehose to
put you out. I want to see you pump your legs in the air. I want to see
your pussy snap closed and leak juice all over your ass. Then maybe, just
maybe, I'll fuck you so hard you won't ever forget it.  And if anyone else
comes in while we're at it, you're going to take them on as well, all at
the same time. We'll see that you get enough cock to keep you quiet for a
few hours, at least."

    Pat looked up at the handsome, yet powerful looking "stranger", an
actor she had appeared with many times on other films.  He had slight kink
to his ways, and loved to watch women masturbate themselves before he would
fuck or suck them, but other than that she thought he was an OK lover.  He
continued to slowly stroke his engorged cock while he watched. A camera
from up above the stall showed the sexual participants staring wild-eyed at
each other. Pat slowly smoothed her fingers up and down over the neatly
trimmed pubic hair surrounding her cunt, strumming the clitoris peeking out
from between the small folds of skin. She moaned and plunged a finger
inside her slick and grasping pussy.

    "Is this what you want, is this what you want me to do?" she spoke as
she felt the familiar tremblings begin to gather around her cunt and ass.
"I'm fingering myself, I'm sticking my finger up my pussy and swirling it
around. Is that what you want"

    "Yeah, baby, just keep that up. I want to see you jerk and cum all over
this toilet, just keep that up."

    Pat folded two, then three fingers up her spasming cunt and thrust them
in and out.  She loved jerking off, especially in front of other people,
enjoyed watching the looks on their faces as they saw her get her rocks
off. She rubbed the head of her clit with her thumb as the fingers of the
same hand pumped in and out of her now dripping, soggy cunt.

    "Oh god I think I'm gonna cum in a minute, this is so good, yes, I'm
gonna cum off right about......NOW" she shrieked in real pleasure, as the
tremors hit and carried her over the edge.  She trembled and shook as her
orgasm hit, shrieking in pleasure at the feeling.   The man extended his
hand, and helped her stand.  They left the stall and the actor roughly
pushed her ahead of him to the center of the room.  He tore her skirt off
her and threw it on the floor.

    "On your knees, slut. You've got some sucking to do."  Pat colored and
then slowly sank to her knees in front of him. Still stroking his dick, the
man held one hand on her shoulder as she assumed the classic position -
haunches on the back of her feet, hands on her thighs, staring up at him in
a combination of fear, lust, and apprehension.

    "Stick your tongue out, all the way out." he commanded.  Pat opened her
mouth and extended her tongue as far out as it could go.  He placed the tip
of his cock on it.  "Now lick it."  She twirled the tip around with her
tongue, sliding the pearly drops of pre-cum off and sliding them back into
her mouth.  Finally, she simply made a big "O" with her lips, and the man
slid his prick all the way into her mouth, until the pubic hair on his
belly tickled at her nose.

    "Now suck, and don't stop until I tell you to.  If anyone comes in,
just keep on going - no one will dare to interrupt us."  Pat nodded in
aggreement and began earnestly sucking on the tremendouse cock being
stuffed into her face.  She slid up and down the hard shaft, wetting it
with her saliva and making the bone glisten in the harsh lights of the
studio. Cameras on either side and above them captured all the exciting
angles.  Pat loved to give head on camera.  The actor placed both hands on
the sides of her head and moved her back and forth on his cock, fucking her
face with more than a little roughness. But Pat didn't mind this - she
loved being halfway forced to suck cock, somehow it made the kinkiness of
the scene even more exciting. The actor just enjoyed her attentions for as
long as he could stand it, then he began to shudder and shake.

    "Oh baby, here it comes, it's gonna cum in your mouth, baby, just hold
it in there, don't move..."  and before Pat could do anything, she felt the
prick pulse and jet a long stream of semen into her mouth.  She let it
pulse once, then twice more, then following Ted's direction, gasped and
popped the stalk from her face.  It sprayed a rope of sperm across the top
of her head and into her hair, then another crossed her nose and right eye.
The actor grabbed his cock with one hand, and, tilting her head back with
the other, shot several lines and drops of cum across her countenance. Pat
shuddered with an orgasm as she came in time with him.

    Finally he was finished. Pat's face was covered with several lines of
white sperm, slowly dripping downwards to her neck and breasts.  She drew
in a breath and looked at him.  Her mouth still contained the three spurts
from the beginning of the man's ejaculation, and her bottom lip hung open
and trailed a small line of white from inside. Kim watched the cameras come
in and focus on the sperm-splattered young woman's face.  Pat looked up at
the man who had just ejaculated on her, but didn't say a word. Suddenly,
according to the script, the door to the men's room opened and three burly
young men walked in joking and talking.  As soon as they saw the scene in
the middle of the room, they stopped short.

    "What the fuck!  Jeezus, what's this shit all about?" spoke one
incredulously.

    "This slut needs a good fucking or two, or maybe more. Are you guys
game?" was the answer from the recently, but only for a few moments,
satisfied first actor.  He turned her to face the newcomers. "As you can
see, she enjoys having men come in her and on her, and she loves to bring
herself off with her fingers too.  I propose that we see to it that the
little lady has her fill of cum in the next few minutes, what say?"

    "Holy shit, she's got cum all over her face - and look at that, it's
all in her mouth too. Hot damn, this bitch is hot.."  The men all spoke at
once in excited tones, rapidly approaching the still-kneeling woman.  They
removed their clothes as they came near her.  Pairs of hands lifted her up
to a standing position.  She reached out and closed her fists over the two
nearest cocks, and wiggled her ass towards the remaining one.  The actors
quickly assumed the positions sketched out by Andy and Tom for the scene.

    One man lay down on Pat's skirt, holding the shaft of his cock up into
the air.  She turned her back on him and slowly lowered her wet and slushly
cunt over the cockshaft, sinking down over it with a sigh and a deep drawn
out moan.  The next man straddled her torso with his legs and fitted his
cock between her heaving breasts.  He pumped up and down between them, each
time striking the bottom of her now cum-wet chin with the tip of it.  The
triad spent some minutes fucking and stroking before the other half of the
group began to complain about being left out. Again, they changed
positions. The man who had been fucking her cunt slid his wet and soaking
shaft from her vagina and pushed slightly forward on her hips, adjusting
the lower opening being presented to him from the reproductive channel to
the elimination channel.  He probed with his finger until he found the
tight, clenched opening, which refused him access.

    "Open up, bitch, or you'll really be sorry."  Pat shuddered and willed
herself to relax a bit.  Slowly, inch by inch, her rectum opened up to
admit the slimy intruder.  She felt the man's finger climb into her asshole
with relentless, yet tender feelings.  The man moved his finger in and out
of her ass several times, then as he ran his finger out the last time,
moved so that his cock shaft was there to take it's place when it popped
out.  Hardly had he done so when Pat let herself fall completely down on
the man's belly, forcefully imbedding the steely flesh in her bottom
channel.

    "OHGODOHGODITSSOBIGSOBIGIMGONNACUMCUMCUM" she yelled in real feeling.
By now, Pat wasn't acting anymore, as far as she was concerned, this was
the real thing. Getting hotter and hotter by the moment, she let herself
get swallowed up and carried away by the moment.  She shuddered, then
shuddered again as the man fucking her tits slid down and shoved his cock
full length into her pussy. She now had over 16 inches of cockmeat absorbed
into her body, and was yearning for more.

    A third man stepped up and offered his shining penis to her mouth.  A
face still rimmed with white looked up at him, and cum-covered lips opened
to accept the length of manhood before her. She slowly worked her lips down
over the shaft, munching away until there was no more to be seen outside
her body. The outline of the cock made the muscles in her throat and neck
bulge in tension.  Camera men raced to move into more advantageous
positions.  For several minutes, the quartet of sexual performers thrust,
groaned and pulsed with the raw sounds and motions of sex.  Pat accepted
the ramming and shoving of the hard pricks within her body, loving the
tremendous feeling of fullness it gave her. She shivered through an orgasm.
Over two feet of hard cock was imbedded into her body from the three male
partners.

    One by one the men thrust themselves into the warm receptacles of
womanhood offered them, one in the pussy, one in the ass, and one in the
spermy mouth. Pat loved it.  She loved the raw sexuality of gang bangs,
especially in the somewhat controlled confines of the movie set.  She would
never let herself get into this kind of situation in real life, but in the
relative safety of the movie set, she could let her self go completely,
with little or no thought of her own ultimate safety.

    "Please, ...please.... I need your cum, please cum all over me, all
over me, I need it right now..." she spoke breathlessly after removing the
wet cock from her mouth.  The camera had come in for a tight closeup of her
scrunched up face and shining breasts, as she spit the shivering cock from
her lips.  The men quickly pulled out of their respective holes and stood
around Pat in a tight semicircle.  They offered their cocks to her. Leaning
forward, still on her knees, the actress engulfed the middle cock with her
mouth and reached for the other two with her hands.  Shoving her face
forward thru sheer willpower, she throated the trembling shaft. She diddled
her own clit and pussy wildly, deep in the throes of orgasm herself.
Jerking and pulling on the other shafts, the men were soon at the point of
orgasm. Almost as a trio, the three cocks exploded in a torrent of cum that
flew out and splattered the young girl before then.

    Great gouts of cum rained down on Pat's already sweaty and stained head
and face.  Arcs of semen draped themselves over her shoulders and neck.
Jizz landed on her breasts and heaving belly. From the left and right, no
matter which way she turned and twisted in ecstasy, Pat was greeted by
missiles of white liquid.  She leaned back, reveling in the warm shower of
sperm. Opening her mouth in a wordless scream of pleasure, she was cut off
when several lines of white wetness flew into it, nearly choking her with
suprise.  For several seconds the air above her was white with flying
jizzum.  Finally the orgasms ended.  Cameras had caught it all, three being
used as individual records of the three cocks, and one capturing the entire
scene from above and around the group.

    Pat stood up shakily, the cum streaming from her body in lines of
white. Some extended from her neck nearly to her waist, others crossed her
belly, pubic area and thighs.  She closed her eyes in rapture.  A lone
camera closed in on her face and lingered over the cum-splattered visage.
Finally it faded out.

    The assembled crew burst out in applause.  The men waved their arms in
acknowledgement, and Pat shyly ducked her head, watching the cum drip off
it onto the skirt beneath her feet.  When she looked up again, the makeup
girl was handing her a towel and a cup of coffee.

    "Thanks, honey.  Whew, what a shower...My God, those fuckers must've
been doing without any pussy for weeks they way they unloaded all over me.
Hey Ted, how was that!!" she crowed in victory.  She rubbed the towel over
her body, wiping the cooling sperm from her skin with obvious relish.

    "Great Pat, just great.  Good rehearsal, next time we'll put film in
the cameras!" he yelled jokingly from the side of the set.

    "Ted, you fuckhead, don't scare me like that!" she yelled back,
throwing the soggy towel at him in mock terror. Kim chuckled at the scene.

    The next several days found Kim doing most of her non-sexual scenes,
collecting converts for her sex revolt and expanding on the coverage of her
revolt.  She was stilted and hesitant at first, but Andy and Ted were
patient with her and never let on that her delays and muffed lines were
costing money.  After a few days, though, she settled down and became more
at ease in front of the camera when speaking.  She thought it funny that
she was not nervous or apprehensive at all when fucking or sucking in front
of the camera, but when called upon to speak lines or interact with the
others, butterflies flew.  The cast and crew travelled around to various
outside locations carefully researched to look like a city of the future,
sometimes having strange run-ins with security guards, police and regular
citizens. But since no sex scenes were ever shot in public, very few of the
civilians they encountered either realized, or let on, that they were
filming a pornographic film.  One scene had to be shot twice, because the
dance club they were filming in never really got emptied out completely,
and the scene soon degenerated into a full blown orgy that didn't really
fit in with the plot of the picture.

    Nevertheless, Andy and Ted collected several hours of fucking and
sucking that they were sure could be put to good use at some time, even if
most of the ejaculations did take place normally, out of sight of the
everpresent cameras.  Andy knew that no matter where the cum shot happened,
sooner or later most of the sperm showed up somewhere, either down a leg,
out an asshole, or trickling down a chin.  Only the swallowed cum lost it's
chance for stardom on the video screens of history.

    The last scenes shot were the major sex scenes.  They included Kim's
first girl-girl scene, which she enjoyed for what they were, but to her
mind couldn't replace the feeling of a good hard cock.  Also included were
several one on one scenes with the male actors of the film, one where she
fucked and sucked three guys in a sweaty steam room, and one where she and
two other women sucked cunt in a daisy chain until they were discovered by
several of the men, and as "punishment for not including the men" in their
fun, asked to lay head to head while the men jerked off on their faces and
breasts.  Whether by chance or on purpose, a great majority of the cum
decorated KIm's lovely face more than the other two girs, and she was more
than willing to allow it to happen. Kim's favorite scene, and the
"climactic" orgy of the film, involved all the participants in a massive 45
minute group grope that ended with every male in the film pulsing jet after
jet of jizz over Kim's nude, sweaty form as it lay on a raised platform in
the middle of a darkened stage, lit only by a single strong floodlight.
She accepted the outpourings of their sex as one after another of the women
lay between her legs and tortured her clitoris and pussy into climax after
climax.  When it was over, she collected the small lakes of cum from around
her slimy body and rubbed the semen over her face and breasts.

    As a special footnote to the film, Andy included outtake footage from
the shootings, including one hilarious scene which occured when Kim was
deep-throating a massive cock that was so large, and so far down her throat
that she couldn't whip it out of her face before it pulsed a few strong
jets of cum straight into her belly.  Coughing up sperm , she wrenched the
cock from her mouth only to have the last jet pulse straight up her nose.
She hacked up some cum from around her tonsils and looked straight at the
camera.

   "Oh shit, he came right down my throat!  Sorry, guys, I guess I blew
that one!"  Not realizing her play on words, the crew broke into gales of
laughter.  When the reason struck her, Kim convulsed in giggles, then
burped loudly.  This, of course, set off another round of hilarity.

    Another scene which didn't make the finished film was the first take of
Pat's mens room gang bang.  After the first man shot his load into , around
and over Pat's smiling face, the other three actors entered the room and
began walking towards the couple. One actor slipped on the cum all over the
tiled floor and went flat on his ass.  For a second, no one said a word,
then the entire party broke into laughter.  After making sure that no bones
were broken (or bent), the actors went out and tried again, this time
completing the scenes with no further accidents. And so Kim's first adult
movie was completed, and would now go into post-production. Kim anxiously
awaited the call from Andy to help out.

                  Kim's Adventures - Chapter 6


 
The next few months were a whirlwind for Kim. The movie premiered in
Hollywood, and her performance soon became the talk of the adult film
industry. She and Andy met with many of the famous names of the  business,
the men all seemed anxious to appear with her in films. Kim  was slightly
over-awed by all the attention being paid to her, but she  soon developed a
liking for it. She got over her initial shyness when  discussing her movie.
It was a bit strange, standing there in a room with fully dressed
strangers, talking about a scene where she jerked the  cum out of someone's
cock all over her face, but she soon got to like it. She dated Andy a few
times, and had great sex with him. She even spent  one fabulous evening
with him and four other men, engaging in every type  and variety of sexual
act, accepting semen deposits in her ass, her  cunt, but of course mostly
in her mouth and on her face. At one point  she was kneeling on the carpet
in the center of the living room,  watching all four men jerk off at her
face, and squealing with delight  when all four ejaculated at nearly the
same time. Her face was literally covered with sperm as the four cocks
unloaded on her. Her mouth was awash with the sticky liquid. She rubbed in
gleefully into her skin, panting with desire and lust.

One day about three weeks after her film opened, Andy mentioned that he had
met a young girl who seemed eager to make an adult film, and who professed
to be a fan of Kim's.  Andy said she admitted to being very inexperienced
in the ways of love and sex, and would like to have Kim as  her teacher.
"I'd love to meet her, Andy, where is she now?" she said. "She's coming to
my office about 10 tomorrow morning, would you like to  stop by and meet
her and get to know her a bit?" he answered.  Kim  agreed, and the next day
she drove to Andy's office in her sexiest outfit, a short red leather skirt
that just barely covered the tops of her stockings, and a white bolero
blouse. She went up to the office door  and entered, saying Hello to the
young receptionist and asking if Andy was in yet.

"No, Kim, he called a few minutes ago and said he'd be a little late, but
there's a gentlemen in his office that he said he'd like you to meet and
'entertain' until he gets here. He's stopping by to pick up Rose."
 
Kim said OK, and walked back to Andy's plush office. Entering, she couldn't
suppress a startled gasp.
 
"PETER NORTH! Oh my god is that you? I've seen your movies, you're
incredible!" she gasped in excitement, seeing the young well-built star of
so many adult films in the flesh.

"Yeah, it's me" Peter said shyly, looking down at the floor in
embarassment. "Andy and I go way back, and I'm thinking of doing his  next
fuckfilm, so he asked me to drop by. I've seen your film, and I think it
was marvelous..." his voice trailed off.  Kim walked over and  hugged him,
thrilled at meeting one of the more popular porn stars, and began to quiver
a bit between her thighs. As they hugged, Peter let his right hand drift
down over her leather-clad ass, squeezing it in a friendly and suggestive
way. Kim looked up and kissed him, her tongue demanding entrance to his
mouth. Pete let his other hand caress her breast, kissing back at her with
fervor and passion.
 
Kim broke the kiss. "WOW! I can't believe it's you! I've seen you so many
times, this is amazing! I'll tell you one thing, you have the best cum shot
in the business, bar none, I've never seen any other man come the way you
do!"
 
Peter blushed. "Yeah, I've always been that way-very big on cum. I don't
know exactly why, but I can cum really big like that two or three times a
day."
 
"I saw one film where the girl was jerking you off and when you came on her
face, I thought she was going to drown or something. I don't know her name,
but she was a short little brunette with short hair, and she had on a
string of pearls that got covered in your cum before you finished."
 
"Yeah, I think I remember that one, she was a good sport about it. I don't
think she expected me to cum that much, and it kinda surprised her, but she
managed to take it all without losing it."
 
"Have you ever had a girl really get grossed out when you came on her face,
not expecting so much cum?" Kim questioned.
 
"A couple of times. I was working with this one blond on one film, and
although she'd been warned, she evidently didn't believe the whole story,
and she'd never seen one of my films. The director wanted a facial cum
shot, so when I got ready, I stood up over her, and she leaned back and
opened her mouth up, I guess expecting a couple of dribbles or something. I
let fly with a wad that went right up her nose, and then into her eye, and
the next one flew into her mouth. I guess she wasn't expecting so much,
'cause she choked on it and started to cough, and there I was cumming all
over her face, and she couldn't move because I had her pinned to the couch.
I'll never forget the look on her face when I finished, it was pure
astonishment. She just looked at me with her eyes as wide as they could be,
swallowed the cum I'd shot in her mouth, and said "Jesus Christ Peter where
the fuck did you get all that cum!". The crew busted out laughing, I almost
died, and she ruined the whole shot. We had to shoot the cum shot over the
next day, and I think it was one of my better ones."
 
"What have been some of your favorites? I mean, you've been with nearly
every girl in fuck-films, there's gotta be some that you remember better
that others, eh?" Kim said with a wink.
 
"Well, Bunny Bleu likes to work with me, she loves getting her face
splashed. Kim Alexis is good, she's a trooper. And Fallon , and Brandy
Alexandre are always willing to take it in the mouth, as are Debbi Diamond
and a few others. Of course, Ginger Lynn was always a favorite of mine, but
I only got to cum on her face a few times. Amber is nice too, don't want to
forget her. Some of the new girls are really into it, I'd say. I did a Deep
Throat movie with Aja, and she sucked the cum out of me like she hadn't
eaten in days. But god, I've been in the business for six or seven years
now, and I'd say that there's no one girl who really stands out. Sometimes
you get them on a good day and they seem to get into it, other times
they're cranky or pissed at the director for wanting a face cum shot, so it
varies. I used to really enjoy working with Little Oral Annie, but she's so
sloppy it kind of spoils it for me."
 
"Do you prefer cumming on a girl's face, or would you rather cum on her
pussy or tits or ass?" Kim asked with professional interest.
 
"Well, like most guys, I think I prefer coming IN a woman rather than ON
her, but the wet shot is most important to these films, and I guess I like
to cum on their faces pretty much. I don't care too much where I cum,
sometimes, as long as I cum, you know what I mean?" he said with a grin.
 
By this time, they'd moved over and sat on the sofa. Peter got Kim a drink
from Andy's bar, and they toasted each other. "You know, I think Andy's got
me in mind for a reason for this next film. He told me it's going to be
nothing but oral sex, with all the guys coming on a girl's face. He wants
it to be the definitive face-fucking movie for a long time to come, if
you'll pardon the pun. He's contacted Ron Jeremy, Tom Byron, and all the
other big cummers too. But he hasn't let on about who the female stars are
going to be yet..." Peter's voice trailed off.
 
"Oh yummy!" Kim grinned back at him. "Peter?" 
 
"Yes?" 
 
"Do you mind if I ask you a question?" 
 
"No, sure, go ahead?" 
 
"Would you let me suck you off and cum in my mouth? I've always dreamed of
having you in my mouth, ever since I saw my first film with you in it." Kim
asked shyly but with growing eagerness.
 
"Are you kidding? Here? Right now?" he responded. 
 
As if to answer, Kim leaned over and unzipped his pants. His rapidly
hardening cock grew in her fingers. She helped him unbuckle the belt and
slide his slacks down his legs. She marvelled at his cock. "It's so big and
firm and so..so..NICE LOOKING!" she thrilled at him. "I can't wait to suck
it!"
 
So saying, she bent over and plopped the plum-sized head into her mouth.
Peter groaned quietly and moved his hips up, watching in rapt attention as
his cock disappeared into her mouth. He felt her tongue swirling around the
shaft as more and more of his pole was fed into her hungry maw. "Oh god
that feels good, Kim, that feels real good" he whispered at her. She
grunted and moaned around the faceful of prick. Up close and live, his cock
seemed even bigger than it did on film. She pulled up and reluctantly
released his cock. It had achieved it's full hardness in her homage-paying
mouth.
 
"GOD, how big is it!" she croaked. 
 
"When it's fully hard, about 11 and a half inches" Peter answered proudly.
 
"And I'm gonna suck every inch of it it!" Kim stated boldly. And suck she
did, slowly working her lips down, down, down, over every straining inch of
Peter North's amazing cock, down , down, down until her lips brushed his
curly pubic hair. Her mouth was fully stuffed with his fat cock, and she
felt the head bend down over the opening to her throat. She swallowed
roughly a few times, feeling his cock pulse in her mouth with the
sensation. Then gradually she pulled back, releasing the monster from the
imprisonment of her mouth, pulling in great lungsful of air as her passage
was freed of the shaft. She gasped in delight at the completion of her
task. Peter wound his hands into her hair and pushed her face back down
over it.
 
"Get it, Kim, get that cock, I'm gonna cum real fast and real hot for you"
he said, not bothering to hold back, but looking forward to giving this
amazing woman her mouthful of cum. He looked down at her. He watched her
red lips travel slowly down the enormous shaft of his cock, munching on the
stalk of flesh until they were nesteled into his pubic hair. Peter felt his
cock bend to adapt to the angle of her neck and inch down into the top of
her throat. Kim looked up at him and her eyes crinkeled with glee. Peter
could only groan and squirm his hips upward, as if to force even more of
his cock into her mouth.
 
Kim felt his cock begin to twitch and quiver, and knew she wouldn't be long
in drawing the semen from him. His hands felt for her head and she felt him
drawing her face back and forth over the shaft in her mouth, and begin to
moan.
 
"Oh KIM, god I'm gonna cum, I'm gonna cum -" 
 
She sucked hard one last time and was prepared for his wet onslaught, when
suddenly the door burst open and Andy and a short, attractive red-haired
girl walked in.
 
"JEEEZUS CHRIST" Peter yelled, pulling his trembling cock from Kim's mouth
and squeezing it hard.
 
"ANDY!" Kim shrieked, suprised and embarrassed all at once. 
 
"What the - Jesus, Pete, you can't keep your dick out of a woman's mouth
for an hour, can you!" Andy laughed when he saw their predicament. "I
didn't mean to interrupt you or anything, go right on!" he joked.
 
"No, that's OK, we'll save it for later" Peter mumbled, as he shamefacedly
worked his slowly shrinking cock back into his slacks and zipped up. Kim
wiped her mouth with the back of her hand and stood up, smoothing down her
dress.
 
She sat down on the sofa next to the actor and was pleased when he took her
hand and grinned into her eyes, knowing that they could continue on later.
 
"Well, let me introduce everybody here. Peter, I take it you met Kim here,
and Kim, you know Pete. This, " he motioned to the young girl standing
goggle-eyed next to him, "is Lisa. She'd like to make porn movies, isn't
that right?" he said, turning to her. Lisa had a luxuriant head of bright
red hair, long and wavy, the kind you usually see only on fashion models.
Her face was cute, but not gorgeous, and her body was, well, let's just say
it was drop-dead perfect. Lisa was about 5'7" tall, with long, perfectly
formed legs, trim calves and nice thighs. Her waist was small, her breasts
rising from her chest in large, but not overly huge mounds that were just
barely restrained by the tight halter top she had on. She alternated
between blushing and grinning. Kim instantly hated her and loved her both.
Perhaps the most outstanding part of her appearance was the large number of
freckles that dotted her face and upper chest. Not obtrusive, but
noticeable. Kim started picturing them covered with cum...
 
"Um,...yeah, sure." the young girl said hesitantly. "But I don't know if I
can do that sort of thing yet, I've never had really far-out sex or
anything."
 
"Well, don't you worry, we'll bring you along at your own pace and make
sure you feel comfortable doing everything. Why don't you just sit down and
tell us about yourself, what kind of sexual experiences you've had, and so
forth." Andy urged.
 
Lisa sat on a large overstuffed chair near the couch and curled her legs up
under her.
 
"Ok. Well, I'm 19 years old, and I'm from San Diego. I lost my virginity
when I was 13, with a boy down the street. We were just kinda playing
around in the woods one day, and somehow we both had our pants off and we
kinda just fell into it. It wasn't too great, to tell the truth, and I was
a bit disappointed. I didn't have any sex with any one else for three
years, but I did learn how to jerk off and pleasure myself."
 
Kim smiled at the way she put it - "pleasure myself". 
 
"And then when I was sixteen, I started going out with a guy, Dave, who was
two years older than I was. We started having sex almost right away, but I
always felt something was missing. Don't get me wrong, he was very good for
a boy of his age, I suppose, and I enjoyed it very much, but something was
missing. I always loved it when he and I went out together, and some of his
friends tagged along for a while, because I was the center of attention,
and I really liked that. They teased me and would make fake passes at me,
but they knew that Dave would kill them if they really tried anything
serious - he was very jealous. But I loved the attention, you know what I
mean?" she asked rhetorically.
 
Kim nodded, and Lisa continued. 
 
"Dave and I went out until he went off to college, and then I just kinda
played around, going out with a few guys here and there, but not really
getting serious about anything. After I got out of high school, I went to
the local community college, but I didn't really know what I wanted to do
with my life. Finally, I moved up here to L.A. and got a job at a
department store, and I did some modeling for them, but I'm really just
marking time until something better comes along. Then one day, I saw the ad
looking for adult models, and I called here, and, well, here I am." she
finished, somewhat apologetically.
 
Andy took over. "I met Lisa, and we talked about her doing some movies with
us. She's a little nervous, and not sure she can do it, but I think we can
bring her along, right Lisa?" he said, turning and winking at her. "Now
then, let's get to the nitty gritty. Have you ever had oral sex?"
 
 
"Um, yes, a few times. I like having guys do it to me, and I cum almost
every time. I've done it myself a few times, and it's kinda neat, I really
like the power it seems to give me."
 
"Have you ever done oral sex to orgasm with a man?" 
 
"Yes, twice. Both times the man came in my mouth and I..I swallowed it."
Lisa answered, turning bright red. "I can't believe I just told you that!"
 
"That's OK, you're among friends now. Have you ever had anal sex?" 
 
"No. I don't think I'd like that. One guy used to try to put his finger up
me when we were fucking, but I didn't like it."
 
"OK, no problem. Have you ever had lesbian sex?" 
 
"No, and I don't know whether I would like to or not. I never really
thought about it."
 
"Have you ever had sex with more than one person at a time?" 
 
Again, no, she said. 
 
"OK, here's an important one. Have you ever had a guy come on your body
somewhere, instead of in your pussy or mouth?
 
"Well, once, no, twice. I went out with this one guy who had a thing about
coming on my titties, and he'd pull out and jerk off on my chest until he
came all over me."
 
"Did you like that?" 
 
"It was neat, yeah. Seeing a guy cum usually turns me on immensely. I don't
know why, there's just something about watching his face get all screwed up
and his eyes shut and watching the stuff shoot out."
 
Lisa blushed again and looked at Kim for support. 
 
"Lisa, there's nothing wrong with that. It's perfectly harmless, right?"
she said in support.
 
Andy again. "Finally, Lisa, last question for now. If called upon, do you
think you would mind having a man ejaculate on your face?"
 
"I..I don't know. I've never had that happen to me, and I really can't say.
Something about that seems wicked and nasty, yet something seems really
sexy, too. I just don't know." she answered, her voice falling away at the
last words.
 
"Could you try now?" Andy said. "I'd like to get your reaction to it." 
 
"With you?" 
 
"No, with Peter here. We figure if you can take it from him, you can take
it from anyone in the business."
 
Lisa looked shyly at the well-built actor. "I guess so. Are you all going
to be here too?" she said. "I've never done it in front of anybody,
either."
 
"Well, if you can't perform in front of an audience, there's not much sense
in going any further." Andy said.
 
"Ok, then, let's do it." Lisa said forcefully. "What do you want me to do?"
 
Andy told her to strip down to her bra and panties, and went to set up the
video camera to tape her performance. When things were set up, he said "Ok,
Pete, get undressed and let's see how Lisa does."
 
Peter stood up and removed his slacks and shirt. Kim felt a pang of
jealousy that Lisa would be the recipient of the cum shot she had worked so
hard to (almost) produce a few minutes earlier. Lisa knelt down in front of
Peter and took his stiffening cock in her hands.
 
"You're kinda big, you know that? I don't think I've ever had someone as
large as you." So saying, she bent forward and licked the tip of his cock
with her dainty tongue, eliciting a low groan from the actor in front of
her. She looked up at him and smiled shyly. "You like that?"
 
"Oh yes, that's nice!" he said, as the young girl opened her mouth and fed
a few inches of his meat into it. Kim went over to kneel next to Lisa and
watched, spellbound, and the young girl tried to take more and more of his
hard cock into her mouth.  Lisa had about four inches of him captured when
she gagged a bit, and pulled off.
 
"Agggh, that's too far, I can't take it anymore!" she pouted. 
 
"Here, let me show you how." Kim leaned in and gently pried the cock from
Lisa's fingers. "First, you have to relax your muscles and prepare for it.
Keep your tongue flat against the bottom of your mouth, and don't try to do
too much too fast. Work in in slowly, and keep swallowing to keep your
saliva going."  She opened her mouth, and Lisa watched in amazement as Kim
pulled several inches of Peter's hard cock into her mouth. Kim fed inch
after inch of meat into her mouth and throat, slowly working her way down
the shaft, her lips munching and moving down towards the dark hair at the
bottom. As inch after inch of Peter's cock entered her throat, she took one
of Lisa's hands and led it to her neck, just above her adams' apple. She
let Lisa feel the head of his cock as it actually entered her throat,
glancing at the young girl as she did so.
 
"Oh my god, I can feel him down in there!" she exclaimed, rubbing her hand
over the lump plainly evident in Kim's neck. "That's really cool!"
 
Kim slowly backed up off the hard shaft, finally popping it from her mouth
with a wet sound. She gulped, and said "Ok, now you try. Easy does it
though, it really takes a while."
 
Lisa took over. She opened her mouth as wide as she could and let Peter
feed his cock into it. She felt it pass over her tongue and head for the
back of her throat, fighting back the urge to gag.  This time she got two
more inches in than before, then had to come back up for air.
 
"That's a girl, very good. Don't forget to breath, through your nose." Kim
instructed. Lisa beamed, and tried again. Lower and lower she went, until
she felt the head of Peter's cock nudge the very back of her throat. She
looked at Kim with bugged-out eyes.
 
"Ok. Now, very slowly, push forward with your head. The head of his cock
will just bend and go right down your throat." Kim said gently.
 
Lisa blinked, and inhaled a deep breath through her nose. She grabbed the
back of Peter's thighs with her hands, and pulled her head forward. At
first, nothing happened. Then Kim was pleased to see the raised skin and
evidence that Peter's cock had bent and was now angling down the girl's
throat.  Lisa's eyes watered and her cheeks puffed out with the effort, but
she pushed onwards, and soon her lips were nuzzling Peter's dark pubic
hair. She remained in this position for a brief second, then quickly pulled
back, popping his dick from her face.
 
"I DID IT! I DID IT!" she gasped when she got her breath. "I got his whole
cock in!"  Kim clapped her hands in glee and the girls giggled at the feat.
"Oh, I wanna do that again!" Lisa said.
 
And she did. Slowly, she worked the huge shaft into her mouth, angling her
head back and sliding the monster phallus over her tongue and into the
opening at the top of her throat.
 
Meanwhile, Peter was having a hell of a time himself. He could not endure
much more of this torture. He was used to women to whom sucking a cock was
as normal and easy as opening the refrigerator door, and the thought of a
virtual neophyte was very arousing. He voiced his concern.
 
"Uh, Andy, I can't take much more of this, you'd better do something." he
moaned.
 
"OK, OK. Now Lisa, Peter is going to cum soon, and he's going to cum on
your face. I want you to be prepared for it, OK?"
 
"UMMMUMMM" she garbled past the cock in her mouth. She pulled back and
forth on his cock a few times, and suddenly Peter grunted.
 
"OH god, here it comes, watch out!"  He pulled back, popping his cock from
her mouth with an audible pop. Lisa grabbed the shaft, its head inches from
her face. Lisa looked at the cock in amazement. The slit opened and a
stream of milky white semen shot out, striking the young girl flat in the
middle of her forehead. She wasn't quite ready for it, and her head
recoiled in shock. Another pulse shot out, slapping her mouth and chin. She
reflexively put her hand to her face to wipe it off, but Kim caught it in
time and held it back.
 
"NO, NO, don't touch it." she whispered quickly. She was amazed at the way
the young girl looked, her eyes wide with amazement, a large blob of cum
slowly drooling down over one eyelash, her lips painted with another. Peter
groaned and shot again, this time a long milky stream that landed on Lisa's
left cheek and traced a trail of white up over the bridge of her nose and
died in the valley of her right eye. Kim was as suprised at the volume of
this ejacualation as Lisa appeared to be. Again the cock pulsed just inches
from Lisa's face, and a huge rope of cum shot out, splattering noisily
against her lips.
 
"Agggh" she burbled as the hot liquid cooled on her tongue. 
 
Kim grabbed Peter's cock from Lisa and began jerking it roughly in the
direction of the young red-head, coaxing more juice from the man's balls.
Another stream shot out, crossing the span from the tip of the cock to the
tip of Lisa's nose in an instant, coming to rest drooling down over the
middle of her upper lip and resting on her lower lip. Kim stroked the cock,
and again it deposited a milky signature on Lisa's rapidly disappearing
face. This one draped itself across her right cheekbone and coursed its'
way towards her ear. Peter was moaning and groaning, Kim was jerking and
stroking, and Lisa was rapidly drowning in semen. A seventh time, Peter
clenched and shot a smaller wad of cum out, this one congealing on Lisa's
left temple. He appeared to be running dry. Kim rubbed his hanging balls,
coaxing more liquid from the sperm factory hanging below his shaft. A few
more tentative spurts jumped from his cock to the young girl's face below
him. He looked at her in amazement.
 
Cum lines criss-crossed her face like cracks in the Arctic ice. Her upper
cheeks and nose were drooling in the white liquid, and her lips had a large
blob hanging from them. Three short lines crossed her forehead before
disappearing into her hair. Two large icicles of cum began to drip from her
chin, stretching down several inches before snapping under their own weight
to fall onto the upper slopes of one breast.



(This is, unfortunately, the abrupt end of the saga of Kim. I just haven't
gotten around to finishing it !  - Author)


--
















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....
