Copyright 1996 Dastardly Dave. 

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
through mrdouble@airmail.net.




This is a work of fiction containing sexual acts of fantasy between fictitious
characters from another planet who are aged in zorkon-years (similar to 
dog-years).  Their actual age in human-years would be about 46, average.




Kristen
By Dastardly Dave

My cock became instantly aroused when, as I was logging off
Prodigy (IBM knowhow with Sears management), my wife came in
and announced that our old neighbors were coming to visit.  
We had sold our home and moved about 80 miles away to take
advantage of a great job offer.  Our neighbors 'back home'
had arrived in our new town to shop and were staying for the
weekend at the Holiday Inn.  My wife had arranged for them to
come over on Sunday.

I always thought these neighbors were ok; kind of
conservative but nice folks nonetheless.  Keith and Veronica
Falcon had two kids, Joey who was 9 and Kristen, a sloe-eyed
darling who was budding into 12.  

Though I never had touched an under-age girl, Kristen had
been the object of my fantasies since an incident at our old
house.  Just before we moved six months before, Kristen had
succeeded in her quest to become a cheerleader for a Peewee
football team.  She had mentioned it to me before and when
she got home from school that day no one was at home.  
Bursting with excitement, she darted across the street to
show me her uniform and tell me the news.

Enjoying her pleasure and excitement, I hugged her and asked
if she had learned any cheers yet.  She said a few and
started to show them to me.  The uniforms issued to these
girls were used and apparently sizing was difficult.  When
Kristen turned a flip, I saw that her uniform shorts were
extremely tight.  Just entering puberty, Kristen was starting
to develop; more in a widening of the hips than with breasts,
which may have had something to do with it.

I applauded her tumbling and then she looked worried and said
she almost didn't get to be a cheerleader since she could not
stand on her head.  I had always been pretty good at that so
I offered to teach her how to do it.  I was surprised that I
was able to drop, plant and kick up into a stand and even
more surprised that I was able to hold it pretty steady.

Kristen was impressed and begged me to help her learn how.  I
demonstrated again, then kneeled to help the 12-year-old
nymphet.  I had her bend over, flex her knees, plant her
hands properly, touch her head to the floor and kick up.  As
her body rose, I put my hand on her waist to steady her, then
held her thighs so she could extend her legs vertically.

As I slowly released the support I was providing to keep her
vertical, my eyes came down to stare into the tightly
stretched fabric encasing Kristen's virginal pussy.  Trying
to maintain her balance, her legs began to move, offering
brief glimpses of sweet pink skin inside the legholes of her
tights.  

I felt my cock spring to attention at the delectable sight
and I was shocked to realize how strongly I was reacting to
the sight of the child's vulva.  Kristen achieved a comfort
level with her legs extended, then began to experiment with
moving her legs, bringing them down into a split.

I could not stifle a small moan as the fabric across the
sweet mound was stretched tighter and tighter, revealing
ever more of the delightful bare dermis of her mons.  As her
long, slender legs neared horizontal, the fabric borders of
her tights snapped and the fabric on both sides came
together and disappeared into her precious slit, leaving her
clean lips and mound exposed as though nude.  As her legs
had come down I had leaned closer and closer so now I was
breathing on her pussy.

When she felt the fabric pop into her slit, she cried, "OH!"
and lost her balance.  For once in my life the bread did not
fall sticky side down and she did not fall the other way.               
Her first reaction was to close her legs, which made her
fall toward me.  I was so close, this brought her cunt in
contact with my nose. As she fell against me my tongue acted
on its own to dart out and slide the length of her crease
from the front to her delicately puckered asshole; hindered
only by the bunched strap of fabric of her tights.            

This happened so fast she was not certain it had happened or
what it was if it had.  We ended up in a tangle of arms and
legs and she apologized profusely as we untangled ourselves. 
I felt her hand "accidently' brush across my hard cock as we
disengaged, lingering and squeezing slightly.                 

We separated, sitting on the floor laughing.  She looked
thoughtful for a moment, mulling over the feeling she had
just experienced.  Then she stood up and straddled my knees
looking pensive.

"Mike, my tights are twisted.  Could you fix them for me?"
she asked. "They kinda hurt."

Time stood still on a sultry southern afternoon.  I stared
into the child's eyes and silently asked questions.  She
answered by pulling her skirt up to give me access to her
nether regions.  As her fingers rose, she snagged the outer
legbands of her pants, pulling the crotch fabric even
tighter into her hairless pussy, thrusting it toward me
slightly.  From her actions I could tell the little girl had
had begun her sexual awakening process and was curious about
it.

"Oh, yes, Kristen, that looks very uncomfortable.  Show me
where it hurts so I can take care of it," I told the darling
nymphet, reaching up with fingers trembling as they neared
the luscious prize.

"Right here," she replied as her finger pressed into her
crease and pressed on her tiny clitoris. "It doesn't really
hurt.... just makes me feel kinda funny inside, y'know?"

"Well, let's get this cloth out of the way and check it
out!" I told her as I inserted my fingers into the legbands
of her tights at the top of her puffy little slit.  I
slowly slid my fingers down across the bare mound, my
fingertips dipping gently into the valley and brushing her
clitoral hood on their journey of delight.  When I reached
the apex of the fabric I pulled downward, loosening the
tights as they came halfway down her split both before and
behind.  

As the bunched rope of fabric was released from the confines
of her pussy, the motion drew her unformed labia outward,
defiling the smooth, untouched curve of her pubescent vulva.            
With a wet snap the sweet split gave up its prize, leaving
the valley behind with one pink labia peeking out as though
wondering what would happen next.  Slowly, oh so slowly, the
inner tension drew the exposed labia back into her, sliding
the delicate petals wetly inward until like the last rays of
sunset they disappeared in a flash.  I sighed hugely, letting
my hot breath bathe the vision before me.

"Show me where it feels funny now," I whispered, unable to
raise my voice above a croak as I pulled the cloth to one
side.

Her hands came down and with a practiced move drew aside the
folds of her labia to expose the most perfect little bud of
a clitoris, shining wetly at me.  "Right here, it makes me
feel funny right here," she moaned, her forefinger gently
nudging the little knob. 

"Well, you know what to do about that, don't you?"

"No, what?"

"Rub it until it feels really, really good, like you are
going to burst, then you can cum and that satisfies you for
a while so you don't feel 'funny'."

"Really?" she responded, wide-eyed.  "I was afraid."

"There's no reason to be afraid.  It's a natural part of
growing up.  Both girls and boys have feelings and urges that
have to be taken care of.  Playing with your privates is
called masturbation and there is nothing wrong with it.  It
lets you handle the situation yourself until you find
someone you want to play or have sex with."

"And there's nothing wrong with it?" she said as she slowly
encircled her tender bud with her slickened fingertips,
thrusting her hips gently as she stimulated herself.

"Absolutely NOT!" I exclaimed. "You are touching your own
body and giving yourself pleasure.  That is nobody's business
but your OWN.  It lets you explore your sexuality so when you
choose someone to teach you about sex you will not be afraid
of the strong feelings."

"Oh, good!" the child whimpered, "Because it feels
soooooooooooooooooo goooooooooooooooooooooooooood!"
               
The lovely little girl's fingers flew ever faster around her
love bud, flicking back and forth across the sensitive flesh.           
My fingers holding the crotch fabric away from her playground
began to get wet from the sweet juices that began to flow
from within her.  A semisweet odor wafted across, causing my
cock to swell and beads of sweat to form across my upper lip.           
I could not believe I was sitting on my living room floor, my
eyes only inches from the virgin pussy of my 12 year old
neighbor as she masturbated herself!  I knew if we were
discovered my life would be over, but I was so turned on I
did not care.  It was so dangerous, but so enticing.
      
Kristen began a low keening; not loud, but ever increasing in
pitch.  The little darling was approaching what I assumed
would be her first orgasm.  As the pleasure increased her
knees began to fail her and she kind of fell into a sitting
position, only losing contact with her center of pleasure
when I took the opportunity to jerk her tights down to her
ankles.  With the tights still caught around one ankle, this
pubescent child spread her thighs wide and revealed her
glory.

I could stand it no more!  No longer occupied with holding
her tights, I used the opportunity to unsnap my pants and
pull out my engorged cock.  Precum coated my underwear and
already covered the head.
   
Kristen's eyes got big as I revealed my rod.  She glanced up
at me questioningly.  "I just want to masturbate too," I
reassured her.  "Your pussy is really wet now, why don't you
slide a finger up inside?  That feels relly great, too.  Just
be gentle and don't go too far."

My fist encircled my dick and pumped as I watch the preteen
sexpot use one hand to spread her labia to uncover the
untouched treasure within.  The fat little lips pulled apart
reluctantly, wanting to remain bathed in the hot fluids of
the little girl's folds.  The opening of her little pussy
seemed so small.  Like a snake her fingertip creeped down the
valley, pausing at the entrance as if considering options,
then slid slowly into the unviolated ring of flesh.

Cum began to stir in my balls at the erotic sight of a twelve
year old girl fingerfucking herself for the first time.  I
knew I would soon be showing the child her first sight of
sperm.  Her legs spread wider as we stared at each others
actions.  Kristen licked her lips as she watched me jack my
fist up and down my seven inch cock.  

With her hair now whipping back and forth as she jammed her
finger in and out of her virgin pussy, Kristen's head was now
thrown back and both hands were active in her lap.  As her
finger went into her pussy she was dragging the palm of her
other hand down her mound and on the out stroke came back up,
mashing her palm into her clitoris and vulva on both strokes.

As the little girl's sounds were reaching a peak, so did she!
Her orgasm hit her suddenly, making her knees bounce up and
down on the floor; then making her center hump
spasmodically.  The juices flowing from her unviolated quim
glistened, the smell now overpowering in its sensual beauty.            
Ah, the sweet virgin spend of a child!

As Kristen came for the first time, enjoying a marvelous
experience unless I was fooled, I felt the cum shooting from
my sac.  I could feel it every inch of the way as it burst
from the tip of my cock to splatter all over the hairless
pussy lying before me.  Kristen looked to see the sperm fly
from the tip to land on her vulva and another blast to hit
directly on her clit.  As more white juice sprang from me she
began to deliberately scoop it up and use it for lubrication
in her own efforts, smearing my sperm across her clit and
fingerfucking it into her hole as her lubricating fluids oozed out.

As her climax tapered off into a soft afterglow the
beautiful nymphet smiled up at me, then started giggling.          
"I love it!" She cried. "That was sooooo much fun!  I can't
wait to try more stuff!"

Unfortunately at that moment we heard the distinctive sound
of her mother's car as it dragged bottom on their too steep
driveway.  It seemed prudent for Kristen's tights to
instantly reappear on her body and for her to disappear out
the back door, through the small wooded area behind and
around the corner so as to be coming home from a girlfriend's
house.  As she drew her tights back up her lovely legs, she
noticed a pearly drop of my cum clinging to her bald little
mound.  She drew it onto a finger, then looking me in the
eye, licked it from the tip.

"Mmmmmmmmmm, that tastes good!" She giggled. "I want more
next time."

NEXT TIME!!!  The little darling intended for there to be a
next time!

Chapter 2

Although I knew there was little chance for any 'fun & games' with Kristen when she arrived, I was really looking forward to seeing the little darling again.  I thought perhaps we could at least have a few private moments for her to update me on how her masturbation practice had been going.  My cock got hard again as I thought of the little girl's fingers sliding in and out of her hot, juicy little pussy.

When I heard a car pull into the driveway, I looked out and was severely disappointed.  In addition to our friends and their kids, Kristen had a little friend I did not recognize with her.  I shook  Keith's hand, ruffled Joey's hair and gave Kristen's sexy mom Veronica a hug and kiss on the cheek.  Patiently waiting her turn, Kristen then put her arms around my neck and hugged me.  She whispered, "I've missed you!" in my ear as she planted her soft lips on my cheek.  As she drew away, she allowed her hand to slide across the front of my shorts, smiling as she felt the semi-hard bulk of my cock.  I turned to meet her friend and noticed her beautiful violet eyes glued to my crotch.

"Mike, this is my Best Friend, Tina.  She and I have a lot of FUN together," my little sweetheart said with special emphasis.

"Hi, Tina," I replied. "I hope you enjoy yourself here today, too."

"Me, too, Mike.  I hear you can be a lot of FUN."  She replied with that same special emphasis.  "Kristen says you are good at helping cheerleaders learn how to do stuff!"

At that I spun around and looked at Kristen in shock!  She just grinned up at me and took Tina's hand and pranced into the living room where the others had migrated.  The two nubile little girls swayed their hips, making their pleated skirts dance as they moved away from me.  I could tell that Kristen's hips had widened slightly as she developed into a shapely young woman.

After a while catching up on things, the kids wanted to play video games in the den.  I told them we didn't have a lot of kids games, just Golf and Football on the Super NES.  As I set up the game, the two little girls ran hand-in-hand to the bathroom.  Joey got bored and went out to shoot baskets in the driveway as I taught the girls how to play Golf.  The girls returned from the bathroom giggling and we were about halfway through a round when my wife and Veronica came in.

"Hey, let's all go down to the store," my wife said. "I want to show off a little!"

After we moved, my wife had decided to open a small boutique in a strip mall near downtown.  She was proud of her success and wanted to show our friends.

As I started to get up, the girls started moaning and groaning. "Aw, Mom, do we have to?  I'm just starting to get the hang of my swing.  I almost made a birdie!" Kristen whined.

"Can we stay and play, please?" Tina added. "This is so much fun.  You really have to think in this game, not like most video games!"

"Yeah, is that OK with you, Marilyn?  I'd like to see your store for sure, but right now I'd rather play Golf!"

"That's OK," my wife graciously responded.  "You can see it next time you visit.  Y'all have fun!  Joey is going with us.  We'll be back in a little while."

The two pre-teen beauties were ecstatic; more than I thought the game deserved.  I figured they were up to something... at least I hoped they were.

My wife and our friends piled into our van and headed out.  Kristen hopped up and peeked out the curtain to watch them go, then turned around and grinned at Tina.

"Great! They're gone!  Are you ready, Tina?"  Her little friend nodded eagerly and jumped up to join her.

"Ready for what?" I asked. "What are you two up to?"

"Oh, nothing... we just want to show you a cheer we made up just for you.  Tina is a cheerleader, too.  Since you taught me to stand on my head, I taught Tina how and we want to show you how well we can do it!" Kristen responded.  Now I knew why they had both worn pleated skirts.

The little girls busied themselves with my stereo, finding some music with a good beat to work with, then arranged themselves side by side in front of me.  I scooted to the edge of my seat to watch.  I had high hopes for the day!

They started:

O  K

We're gonna bump'em                (They swayed their hips)

We're gonna grind'em                 (In a bump & grind)

We're never gonna

Be behind'em                              (They spun around and pushed their
                                                     cute behinds at me)

Catch their passes

And block their punts                  (Crouching on the floor now)

Mike, would you please               (Leaning forward and touching 						     				foreheads to the floor)

KISS OUR CUNTS!!!

My eyes widened and my dreams came true as the two pubescent dolls kicked up into a handstand.  I realized why they went to the bathroom together as their legs went up and their skirts fell to reveal the beautiful, softly shining mounds of their untouched and uncovered vulvas.  When their legs reached vertical, together they brought them down in a split, parting the delicate pink tissues to reveal the slightly wet interiors.

A moan escaped my lips as I slipped to my knees in front of them.  I stiffened my tongue, leaned forward and drove it into the sweet hole of Kristen, then stroking her bare pussy from her nubbin of a clitoris to the tiny brown pucker behind. 

"Oooooooooooohhhhhhhhhhh, Yeeeeeeeesssssssssssssssssssss!!!" the little darling cried as my taster danced across the sensitive flesh.  I flicked the tip of my tongue across the hard little nubbin of flesh protruding from its tiny hood, causing the virgin child to quiver and collapse against me.  I gently eased her to the floor while I turned to the fresh quim of her friend.

I reached out and with my thumbs gently spread the soft, puffy little lips of her vulva open.  Tina's clit was turning deep red and I could actually see her heartbeat in it as it pulsed in anticipation.  I leaned forward and breathed my hot breath across her split, bathing it in warmth, then almost whistling as I blew a concentrated wind on her petite clitoris.  Her concentration began to waver and she started to fall against me, moaning and sighing from the pleasurable sensations affecting her nether regions.  

To keep her vertical, I scooted my body against hers to give support.  Looking down into her widely spread labia, I could see the soft, pink little babyfat tissues surrounding her vagina.  I couldn't resist!  With my tongue gently encircling her tiny pleasure bump, I placed my pointer finger at the entrance and slid it gently into her pussy.  OH! It was so hot!  I slid further in, now to the second knuckle, her muscles clenching, grabbing as though to draw it in deeper until finally my finger rested against her virgin barrier.  I began to fingerfuck the little girl, letting my finger explore carefully and plunge in and out of the unviolated hole, slickened by the lubricating fluids seeping from her center.  The sweet darling bucked and thrashed against me as my tongue lashed across her clit, making it swell and bulge from the erotic stimulation.

I glanced over at Kristen to see her removing her skirt and blouse.  "I want to be naked with you!" She said. "And I want you to be naked, too!"  I nodded and returned my attention to the delectible sight before me; a twelve year old virgin child with my finger driven into her untouched cunt.  She was now bucking against my finger as it swirled in her wet hole.  I took it out and replaced it first with my middle finger to wetten it, followed by my ring finger in turn.  I trailed my wet fingers from the front of her slit to the back, coating her with her own slick juices.  

Returning my pointer and sliding it in as deeply as possible, she began to buck harder and I knew she was on the verge of cumming.  When she started to peak, I added my middle finger, stretching her virgin hole even wider, but still not endangering her maidenhead.  She started to scream in pleasure as her orgasm overcame her, then screamed even louder in ecstasy when I gently inserted my slick ring finger just inside her tender asshole.  I was amazed this little child could cum so hard, her hot spend bubbling out around my fingers and coating her mound and legs.  I slurped up her cum, drinking down the sweet juices from her magnificient orgasm until, with her whole body quivering, she fainted against me.

Kristen had a concerned look on her pretty face as I gently laid the unconcious Tina on the carpet.  "She's OK," I reassured her, running my hands over her nubile and nude little body.  "I just made her cum really good and she fainted."

"Please make me cum, too, Mike!"  the 12-year-old princess cried as her hands pulled at my shorts.  My rampant cock stood to attention when freed and Kristen dropped her head into my lap, kissing the engorged head and licking the pre-cum from the tip.  Gripping it at the base, she slowly drew her hand up, milking the lubricating fluid up until it spilled out and threatened to overflow her hand.  To prevent this, she ran my cockhead across her lips, then smeared it all across her cheeks and chin, coating her face with my manjuice.

"Suck on it a little" I encouraged her.  "Take it in your mouth and swirl your tongue around it!"

Her gorgeous eyes glanced up at me as she complied.  She watched my pleasure as she engulfed my dick with her hot mouth.  I groaned as she slowly slid her mouth down, down, down; taking even more of my hard tool into her throat.  I felt the precum flowing as she applied suction and swallowed it down.  With her nose nestled in my pubic hair, she moved her head in circles, causing the head of my dick to swell in her throat.  Slowly she drew her head upwards, allowing my straining cock to escape by inches.  

When it was finally out of her mouth, she studied it closely for a moment, her little hand not able to fit all the way around it.  Then she crawled up into my arms and snuggled against me, her tiny fingers still playing along the surface of my dick.

"Tina and I want you to fuck us today!" she told me with a giggle. "But first I want you to eat my pussy some more.  Did you like Tina's pussy? Doesn't she taste GOOD?"

"Absolutely delicious, just like you," I replied.  "But how do you know what she tastes like?"

"Right after you showed me how to make myself cum, she came over to spend the night.  I thought she was asleep but she caught me playing with my pussy.  I taught her how to cum, too, then we started playing with each others cunts.  After I had a really big cum she looked at the juice on her fingers, then licked it.  She said it tasted really good and bent down to lick some off my pussy.  She licked me until I came again and she swallowed my cum.  Then I ate her cunt till she came and swallowed her cum, too.  Since then we have been eating each other almost every day.  I told her about you teaching me and we decided we wanted to get you to fuck us if we ever got the chance and now we do!  Now will you PLEASE stick your tongue in my pussy and make me CUM?"

"I'd be happy to oblige you, ma'am.  Plop your pretty little butt down and spread that shiny little hole open and I'll tongue-fuck you till you scream!"

In a flash the little sweetheart had rolled to her back and gripping her toes she spread herself widely, the puffy little immature labia opening to reveal her glistening vagina, her passion juices shining as they dribbled from her hole.  I leaned down and without touching her otherwise, slid my stiffened tongue into her virgin hole.  I could get almost two inches of my tongue into her and I bobbed my head to fuck her with it.  Still gripping her toes, she began to rock against my tongue gently so I stopped my movements.  The rocking increased as she realized she could control her pleasure.  She rocked to bring my taster into contact with her swollen clit, then back so the tip brushed her wrinkled back door.  When she reached that point she stopped, so I wiggled the tip to enter her tiny behind.  She grunted and moaned as I began to tongue-fuck her tiny asshole.  

I was amazed when she was able to relax her sphincter, letting the two inches of tongue enter her behind.  The opening relaxed and seemed to open like a flower.  I began to alternate my tongue between her sweet pussy and her beckoning asshole.  She stiffened her body and became rigid as her orgasm neared.  I still had not touched her with anything besides my tongue, but I brought my hand up close.  When I felt her start to cum in earnest, I plunged my tongue into her virgin quim, bringing my upper lip in direct contact with her tiny clit; then sank my pointer finger into the little darlings asshole.

Immediately I raked my face back and forth across her pussy and clit while driving my entire finger in and out of her asshole as she convulsed in ecstasy; her fluids pouring from her faster than I could swallow.  Finally her eyes rolled back in her head and she passed out from the pleasure.

Hey, I had made two girls faint from a tongue-fucking in one day.  I was more talented than I realized!


CHAPTER 3

I slipped my shorts back up and went into the kitchen to get sodas, knowing the two little girls would be thirsty when they recovered from their massive orgasms.  I was surprised to see that only 20 minutes had passed since my wife and friends had left the house.  Knowing my wife and Veronica, they would be talking and trying on outfits for the next hour at least, while Keith and Joey would probably go to the game room next door to entertain themselves.  I figured we had at least an hour before they returned.  Plenty of time to continue the education of my two little sweethearts!

Carrying the sodas, I reentered the den to see Tina resting in Kristen's arms, both with beautiful smiles on their cherubic faces.  They looked up at me in adoration, then Kristen frowned and pouted.

"Mike, you covered him back up and Tina hasn't even gotten to see him yet!"  she admonished me.  "Take your clothes off right now!  How are you going to fuck our pussies if you don't take your clothes off?  Tina, just wait till you see it.  It's beautiful, and long, and hard, and stiff, and soft, and cuddley, and silky and OH!  WHAT HAPPENED?"

I had put the sodas down, removed my t-shirt and was dropping my shorts when she exclaimed her question.  I looked down to where her eyes rested to see my cock was no longer hard.  Not having ever seen a cock that wasn't hard, the girlchild apparently thought something was the matter.

"Nothing's wrong, sweetheart.  A guy's dick can't stay hard all the time or he couldn't walk!  It takes a pretty girl to make it hard just like you two did before.  Now I'll give Tina a chance to make it hard."

I walked over to Tina, squatted down and let the head of my dick brush her lips.  "Take it in your mouth, Tina," I instructed.  "It will grow inside your mouth.  Then lick it and suck on it gently.  Be careful not to bite it because it is very sensitive, kind of like your clit is."

Her beautiful blue eyes looked up at me through my pubic hair and she popped my cock out to say, "Well, I won't bite it hard.  I like it when Kristen bites my clit gently!"  With that she reengulfed my cock and let her teeth slide softly across the skin as she drew it out of her mouth.  INSTANT ERECTION!  By the time the head popped out of her lips again, I had a raging hardon!  

"WOW! I feel like a farmer!  I really made that crop grow!"  the innocent child giggled.

"Now I want to plow some pussy and plant some seed!" I told the two sweet children.  "Who wants to get a dick shoved up her virgin pussy first?"

"Since I'm the one that set this up, I get to go first!" Kristen smiled.  "We agreed on that earlier.  But I wish there was some way that you could fuck both of us at the same time.  We'd like to lose our cherries together."

"Well, I can't slide my dick into both of you at once, but I could fuck your cherry with my cock and break Tina's with my finger at the same time.  That's not quite the same, but it's close."

The two pubescent children put their pretty heads together and whispered for a moment.  Kristen pulled back, wide-eyed, "REALLY?  You want him to do THAT?"  Tina replied with a vigorous nod and looked over at me with a shy smile.

"OK, girls, what did you decide?" I asked.

"You put your dick in Kristen's pussy first and fuck her," Tina replied.  "Then I get to go first with you putting it in my behind.  That way we both get to be first."

I racked my brain to think where I had put the tube of KY lubricating jelly.  "Are you sure you want to try that?" I asked her.  "You're a little young.""Before Kristen and I started playing with each other, I was playing with my pussy and putting carrots and stuff up my butt.  Now I want to feel your dick in my asshole!"

"OK, if you say so, I'll be happy to fuck you in the ass.  Now you girls play with each other while I find some stuff."

I went upstairs to our bedroom and opened our toy drawer.  AHA! There's where the KY was.  I collected assorted toys and returned to the living room to fing the girls enjoying themselves by tasting each other's cum fresh from their little hairless quims.  Tina was on top, her beautiful round buns bobbing as she thrust her tongue into Kristen's still-unviolated pussy.  Her tiny little asshole winked at me as she rocked.  I quietly came up behind her on my knees.  Taking one of our vibrators, I smeared some lubricant on the long, pencil-thin shaft.  On one of Tina's backstrokes I positioned the tip so her asshole ran into it, driving it an inch into her.  The little girl moaned and stopped her motion.  With one smooth stoke, I drove the thin shaft six inches up her butt, then shoved it in and out a few times.  She started grinding her pussy into Kristen's hungry mouth, flooding her face with little girl juice.  

Kristen's eyes sparkled as she watched the thin vibrator slide in and out of her friend's butt.  I reached in and turned the switch and the entire toy began to buzz as it vibrated in her behind.  That threw Tina over the edge and her cum began to pour out of her tiny slit into Kristen's mouth.  Kristen was obviously enjoying the feast, her tongue lapping the juice as she swallowed it all.

Kristen rolled her friend off of her after her orgasm subsided.  She sat up and looked at me with frenzy in her eyes.  "I want you to fuck me.  Stick your dick in my cunt!  Make a woman out of me!  I want it now!  Please, Mike, please, fuck my pussy, pleeeeeeaaaaaaaaassssssssssssssssseeeeeeeee!"

I lay back on some pillows and drew the naked child on top of me, kissing her deeply as she ground her slick little hairless quim against my shaft.  I reached over and drew Tina onto my shoulder, then kissed her, too, tasting Kristen's cum on her lips.  "I want you to help me, Tina.  Would you help me pop Kristen's cherry?"

She looked at me in confusion.  "How can I help you?"

"It always hurts a little the first time a girl has a dick in her pussy.  The head has to break through the hymen in order to slide all the way in.  I want to lay back and let Kristen be on top.  Your job is to hold my dick and guide it into her hole.  Then she can control what happens and how fast, OK?" She nodded. "OK, Kristen, sit up and let my cock slide into your crack, now move your hips back and forth so my cock rubs your clit.  Oh, yes, that feels so good.  The tight little lips of your pussy feel good on my cock."

I looked down to see the engorged head of my tool appearing, then disappearing as her puffy little cuntlips slid back and forth.  I could see the shining red tip of her clit each time she slid forward, stretching her hairless vulva and pulling the little hood back.  Faster and faster she bucked against my cock with her virgin quim, slickened by the hot juices flowing from her stimulated center.

"Now, I want it IN ME NOW!" the virgin child cried.

I lifted her up and Tina sprang to her job, grasping my engorged tool and holding it vertical as my 12 year old lover positioned herself above it.  Her eyes widened as she lowered herself slowly, feeling the head begging for entrance to her pussy.  With a slight 'pop' it passed the initial ring and rested just inside the little girl's sweet hole.  It felt like the little darling was on fire, she was so hot inside!

After a moment to become accustomed to the stretching of her vagina, Kristen began to slide up and down gently; sliding down until the head of my dick was pressed against her maidenhead.  While there was not much room for motion, she got into a rythm where I was fucking her but had still not broken her barrier of love.

Tina wanted to get into the action, so she dipped her head down to let her tongue carress Kristen's clit as she began her ride to ecstasy.  Kristen's head was trhrown back and her hands were on her hips as she bucked on my cock gently.  I could tell she was rising to a peak and when Tina started lapping at her clit she began moving the same, only faster.  The still-innocent child was grunting with each movement of her virgin pussy on my dick, the pitch of her grunts getting higher and higher as her pleasure rose.

Finally, my sweet darling reached her peak, beginning an orgasm that caused her entire body to vibrate.  When she was almost at the pinnacle, I said, "Now, darling, NOW!  Come down on my dick HARD!"

Even in her orgasm she understood the importance; lifted her beautiful ass up until my dick was just seated at the entrance, then let her entire weight drop on me.  My dick blew through her cherry like it wasn't even there!  I heard a sharp intake of breath from the 12 year old riding my dick when the hymen was torn away, then a long sigh of satisfaction as her sweet quim totally engulfed my rigid cock.  I looked down to see her bald little pussy rubbing the bush at the base of my tool.

Except for the pain at the initial break of her cherry, losing her virginity did not seem to bother Kristen at all.  I suspected it was because she was cumming at the time.  After a pause of only seconds, she drew herself up and let my dick slide out of her pussy, only to drop back down on to it again.

"Oh, God, this is soooooo goooooooooooooooooooood, Tina; you gotta do it too!  It fills me up so good... Oh, GOD!  I'M CUMMING AGAINNNNNN!" she shrieked as she pounded her pussy up and down on my dick.

I could stand it no longer.  I felt the sperm boiling up in my balls as I watched this just-deflowered child riding my dick.  I began thrusting my hips up as she came down, driving my cock even deeper into her cum-flooded hole.  

"Here it cums, baby, I'm gonna fill your sweet little pussy with my cum!  Here it is! Oh, Oh, OOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHH GAWD!"

Never in my long history of fucking (starting at age ten with my nine-year-old cousin) had I cum as hard and as long as I did with Kristen on that sultry afternoon.  The mixture of her cum and mine became so slick that friction was reduced to the point where it never became unbearable.  I continued to pump her pussy slowly, drawing our mutual orgasm out longer and longer.

In slow-motion as her tensed muscles relaxed, my lovely little lover collapsed against me, her lips seeking mine and falling into a long, wet, sensous kiss.  My cock was still embedded in her newly opened passage and I could feel the warmth of our spend soaking the tunnel of love I had just traveled and in which I was now anchored so delightfully.

Tina took it upon herself to slide between our legs and gently let her tongue dance around our organs, lapping the combination of my sperm and Kristen's virgin orgasm, slightly tinted pink.  She crawled up and nestled in my arm, kissing Kristen.  The girls looked into each others eyes and giggled (which caused all kinds of great feelings as her nubile body shook her pussy on my deflating cock).

"How did you like getting a dick in your pussy?" Tina asked Kristen.

"Oh, you wouldn't BELIEVE how good it feels.  I love it when you eat my pussy, but this was SO much better!  I can't wait to see his cock going in yours!"

"Me, too!  But remember, he's going to fuck me in the ass first."

"Oh, yeah, that's even more scary!  Are you sure?"

"I SURE AM!  He stuck his finger in my ass when he was eating me before and I had the best cum EVER.  I can't WAIT for him to stick it up my ass!  And I want you to lick my clit while he does it, OK?"

"I'd LOVE to!  That way I can see it up close while he's fucking you in the ass!  Do you think it will hurt?"

"Well, his finger didn't hurt.  If he goes slow, it should be alright.  Of course it will need to be really, really slick, too," Tina said thoughtfully.

"Hey, I've got an idea!" Kristen exclaimed.  "Let's use the cum juice in my pussy to get your ass slicked up!  His dick is already slick and I'll bet the cum will get your asshole really slick, too."

Lying there listening to these two preteen children talking about me assfucking one of them like I was not even in the room was making me hot again.  I could feel my dick starting to harden again, lolling around in the hot cum of Kristen's just-opened cunt.  She did not realize it, but while she talked about Tina getting a dick up her shitchute, her vaginal muscles were contracting, squeezing my cock gently.

"Tina, are you ready?" I asked.

"I SURE AM!" the nubile darling replied excitedly.  "What should I do?"

"Well, Kristen had a good idea about using our cum to lubricate your asshole.  What I am going to do is sit up, keeping my dick up Kristen's hole.  You get up on all fours with your butt up in the air."  She complied and I gazed at the two lovely round mounds of her babyfat encased buns, the little brown hole winking in anticipation of its violation.

"OK now, Tina, I'm going to sit Kristen's butt on yours.  Kristen, don't put all your weight on her, use your legs to support yourself."  I positioned Kristen so her pussy was directly above Tina's backdoor.  "Now I'm pulling my dick out of Kristen."

"Oooooooooo, I can feel your cum dripping on my ass!" Tina cried.  When my now rock hard cock emerged from Kristen's vagina I could see cum dribbling out onto her friends behind.  I ran my fingers into the puddle, smearing the slick juice around her anus.

"Kristen, squeeze your pussy muscles," I said, seeing a large dollop of our mixed spend plop onto the virgin child's asshole.  My pointer finger swirled through it, then dipped into her behind.  The little girl moaned as I fingerfucked her asshole.

My dick has brushed against her legs, wiping off some of the cum, so I repositioned myself and slipped it back into Kristen's sweet cunt for a recoating.

"Kristen, it's time for you to lick her pussy.  I'm going to fuck her in the ass now!"

Kristen scrambled around and slid between our legs to position herself with her face directly under Tina's cunt.  I looked down to see the slick hole waiting for me, the little brown wrinkles pulsing in anticipation.  Holding my pointer finger alongside my cock, I let the tip slide into the clenched opening.  From my previous fingering of her pucker she knew to relax as much as possible.  I ran my entire digit in and out several times, until I judged the lubricating juices gleaned from my deflowered darling were evenly distributed.  On the last outstroke of my finger I replaced it with my rockhard dick.  Almost without her realizing it, I had slipped the entire head of my dick up her butthole.  

I almost came as I looked down at the tight ring gripping the crown of my tool almost painfully.  Tina moaned softly as her sphincter became accustomed to the distention.  I slowly leaned forward slightly, putting a small pressure on my cock.  

Looking like a hydralic operation, my rod pistons slowly inward against the rings of her bowel.  Oh, so tight!  Now it's halfway in, being eaten by the brown lips encasing it.  I stop my inward trip but she continues it; pushing her behind backward against me until I am embedded in her ass to the hilt.  The rough brush of my pubic nearly hides the erotic sight of my dick buried in this 12-year-old beauty.  I reach down to brush back the hair for a better view, hearing, "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!" as Tina leans forward, drawing my stiff rod from her hole until only the head remains.  The gripping tunnel creates a sensation like no other.  As the tool slips outward her tight ring occasionally clenches involuntarily.

Without hesitation, her asshole comes sliding back quickly, riding down my shaft in one smooth motion, accompanied by, "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"
and again with the "AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH!!!" on the outstroke.  This child had quickly become adjusted to the stretching of her asshole by my 7" rod.

Suddenly I almost come out of her asshole as she scoots downward a bit.  I recover and realize why she did it.  Kristen's tongue was now flashing from the top of her slit, down across her clit, dipping into her dripping pussy, back to the stuffed ring of her anus, then up my dick on each outstroke.  Tina was pressing her center into Kristen's face as hard as possible.

The "OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO's"  and "AAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHH's" came closer and closer as the pleasure in this little girl built.

Again and again I rammed my dick into her asshole, pounding it in now, her pussy slashing back and forth across Kristen's face.  As Tina climaxed, juices now pouring from within her still virgin cunt, she screamed softly.  Her muscles clenched, starting at her toes and moving up her lovely body.  I saw her calves stiffen, then her thighs, then her butt, then all the muscles in her crotch at once.  Her asshole clamped down even tighter on my dick, blowing the top of my head off and the cum from my balls.  I almost couldn't stroke in her ass anymore, but it didn't matter since it only took three more strokes in her behind to drain my nuts.  The pressure on my dick increased the pressure of the jets of cum like a finger over the end of a water hose.  I could feel the spurts like bullets from a gun, and could feel her reaction to them as she felt them fire against her innards.  I finally fell against the two darling kids with barely enough strength to roll off and pull Tina off Kristen before she smothered.  The three of us snuggled against each other, exhausted.

After a while I disentangled myself, went to the bathroom to wash off and sat back down in an easy chair with a good view.  Tina and Kristen looked like two sleeping kittens, sleek and beautiful in their slumber.  Fortune had indeed smiled upon me this day, to have allowed me to take from and give pleasure to these two lovely nymphets.  A narrow gap in the drapes allowed the setting sun to beam through, bathing the darlings in golden light, glinting in the fluids still seeping from within them.

Basking in the glow and afterglow, my nerves were jangled when the telephone shrilled beside me.  I snatched it up to hear my wife asking how things were going.  With startled looks the two sleepy little girls sat up. 

"Things are going great!" I told my wife with a smile at the two little girls. "I'm teaching them a lot of games and so far they seem to really like them."

"Good, 'cause Veronica and I want to go to another shop for a little bit.  We'll be home in about an hour."

I hung up and told the girls we had an hour more to play.  The girls giggled and whispered to each other again, then Tina stretched her slim body out, then fanned her legs open to reveal the hairless virgin mound.  Still puffed with babyfat, the little vulva hid her labia except for revealing a slight pinkness down the center of the slit.

"I loved having your dick up my butt, Mike, but now I want you to fuck my pussy and bust my cherry!" Tina said in a sultry voice, choked with passion.  "My cunt is already slick with cum, so stick your dick in me, please!"

"Are you sure about that?  You know it will hurt you a little like it did Kristen."

"YES!  I WANT TO FUCK!"

I leaned over and let my tongue gently open the lips of her pussy, tasting the sweet cum coating it.  She was right, her pussy was drenched with her cum.  I bent her legs back till her knees were beside her head, extending that sweet mound outward and opening it up for my entrance.  I told Kristen to hold her legs and the darling put her hands on the back of Tina's knees, pressing until the kneecaps touched the floor.

I maneuvered around until my dick lay in the furrow between her thighs.  I rubbed the length of my rod back and forth through her slit, brushing against her tiny clit, just peeking its tasty head from within its hood.  She strained to move, but Kristen still had the flexible darling's legs trapped with knees to the floor beside her head.  

Bending the head of my dick downward, I slipped the tip into the slit, finding the hole therein to be steamy hot.  I dipped it in and out a bit, coating the head with her juice, teasing her by not really entering her womanhood yet.  She began to grunt as I dipped, straining to get me inside.  Finally, I accommodated her, popping the bulb of the head inside her cunt.  She sighed and relaxed a bit as she became accustomed to the stretching of her labia and vaginal opening.  I again dipped in and out a few times, popping the head in and out, bringing a sharp "OH!" from the child each time.

I stopped with the head just inside her virgin pussy, looked down at her beautiful face and asked, "Are you ready to lose your virginity?"

Imagine my surprise as she replied, "NO!"

She grinned at the look on my face and said, "I'm not losing it.  I am giving it to you!"

In relief I said, "Thank you for such a beautiful gift!"

With that I in one smooth motion drove the seven inches of my distended cock into the virgin child's pussy.  She let out a sharp bark of pain as I tore through the barrier of useless tissue guarding her center, a grimace marring her beautiful features.

When I was completely buried in her, I stopped for a moment, soaking in her virgin blood and sweet lubricating cum.  Her pussy was so hot and so tight I knew it would not take long to draw the sperm again from my balls to flood the innards of this child.

Oh, the sweet tightness of it!  The warm sheath encasing my throbbing cock gripped tightly on its own, but when the child involuntarily moved her vaginal muscles as she became accustomed to the distention, it felt like a strong fist squeezing.  I could hardly stand it, her just-violated cunt held me so tightly!

I watched the frown of pain slowly ease from the beautriful little girl's face.  Moving very slowly, I pulled my dick from her slightly, then eased it back in, bathing her ravaged tissues with her previously deposited lubrication and cum.  I could tell it was not pleasant for Tina.  The area where her hymen had been brutally torn asunder was tender and sore, but Tina did not seem to mind the small motions as I began to move in and out of her.

Very quickly this hot baby girl started to enjoy the movement of my dick as it now slid deep into her hole, then out so only the head remained, then in again with my rough pubic bush raking across her hairless preteen pussy.  I reached down and pulled the lips back, her shiny little red clit peeking out.  When I flicked my thumb across her love nubbin, she bucked her slim hips upward, driving my dick hard up against her cervix, bending it as she ground her mons against my pubic bone.

Having discovered a measure of control over the little girl's actions, I began to play her clit like an instrument.  I would flick it and she would buck against me with a loud "OH, YES!!", rotating her hips as I plunged deep into her center.  Again and again my thumb lashed, faster and faster, working the fluids seeping from within the child into a white froth around the entrance to her steamy love tunnel.

"It's so, so, so, so, gooooood!  Soooooooooooo good, so good so good, it, it, feels sooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooooooooood!" the child cried as I plunged in and out.  My slickened tool shined as I drew it out, glistening with Tina's juices.  On each outstroke I would pull my dick out coated with her slime, then as I slammed it home again the tightness of her newly opened cunt would squeegee the fluids off, rivlets of our love juice flowing around the base of my rod down the crack of her tiny ass.

"Oh yes, oh yes, it's so good, so good, sooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooddddd!  I'm I'm gonna cum, oh yes here it comes, yes yes, stick it in me faster, harder, yes, yes, oh, oh, ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooohhhhh I'M CUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMIIIIIIIIINNNNNNNNGGGGGGGGGGGG!!!!!"

Kristen's eyes danced as they watch my cock ram in and out of her best friend's little hole.  She was still holding Tina's knees down, keeping her split wide open for my attack.  She licked her lips hungrily as she watched the juices flow from our connection.

As little Tina started her orgasm, the muscles in her ravaged vagina began to clench and ripple.  She aided this by rotating her hips quickly at sharp angles, causing my dick to bounce of different sides of her love tunnel.  The milking action of her cumming grip on my cock served its purpose, to draw the sperm from my balls and launch it under extreme pressure.  As her recently virgin cunt grasped my dick and squeezed, I felt the freight train of cum drive up my shaft and blast against her cervix in strong jets, flooding her saturated hole with the white milkshake.

Her tiny cunt could not hold my product and as I looked down where we joined I saw globs leaking from her.  Kristen could not stand it any longer and leaned her head down between us to lap at our juices as they puddled in our crotches.  I felt her flickering tongue as I slowly slid my deflating cock in and out, still enjoying the last of my cum.  Tina enjoyed it even more, actually firing off another little orgasm as Kristen's tongue cleaned her throbbing little clitoris.  Tina's pussy clenched several more times in this little orgasm, having the effect of shooting my poor dick out like a pinched watermelon seed.  I fell back from the intense feeling and Kristen swiftly took my place, except she was driving her tongue into Tina's vagina, sucking our spend from her.  Suddenly she lifted her head, reached out and grabbed my dick, pulling me to her.  She sucked my limp tool into her hot mouth, laving it with her tongue to devour every trace of our cum.  

She then returned her attention to Tina's pussy, lapping at it and plunging her tongue into the newly-pierced prize before her until Tina could stand it no longer and pushed her head away. 

Nothing could ever match the sweetness of lying there, sated, with these two wonderful little girls crawling up to nestle under my arms, sighing softly and carressing each other and me.  They both snuggled as though they were trying to merge our bodies into one by bringing as much of our skin into surface contact as allowed by the laws of physics.  Their bodies were warm and soft, lovely bronzed skin gleaming gently with the persperation generated as they had presented me with their maidenheads to ravage.  This gift the two children had given me was of priceless value and I resolved at that moment to show the darlings my appreciation in a way they would never forget.

We had come out of our dream-state and put back together the shambles we had made of the room as we played.  I enjoyed finding the two sixth-graders panties and helping the girls into them.  Of course I could not resist delving my tongue back into the sopping slits at my eye level as I knealt to pull the lacy underthings up their soon-to-be shapely legs.  Both shivered and shoved their cunnies into my face, perfectly willing to continue our sexfest, but, knowing how my wife estimated time, I knew we were already pushing the edge of the envelope and had to become presentable quickly.  I pulled the frilly panties snugly against their ravaged vulvas and patted them on their cutely rounded buns as I told them to get dressed.



















Chapter Two

Having tasted sweet virgins I wanted more of the delicious nectar from within and began looking for opportunities.  Until the past weekend, I had not paid much attention to the kids in the neighboorhood.  On Tuesday as I arrived from work, I noticed three kids directly across the street, playing basketball in the driveway.

At first I had discounted them as too young.  There were twin girls who appeared to be 10 or 11 and a young fella about 13.  I walked into the dark open door of our garage, stopping to check my toolbox for an item I needed.  As I rummaged, I glanced back up at the kids I saw one of the girls pressed against the boy as they strained upward; he trying to shoot and her trying to block.  To distract her, I saw his hand slide down into the back of her shorts and grasp the rounded flesh of her butt.  She dropped down from tiptoe with a grin on her face as he completed his shot.

As he stepped out to bring the ball back into play, he ran his fingers through his touseled dark blond hair.  He passed the ball to one of the little girls, then immediately used his greater skill to take it from her and prepare to shoot again.  His sister was ready for him this time, rising on tiptoe again to block, but only one-handed.  The lithe young man lost the ball to his other twin sister, though, when he felt the slender fingers of the first grasp his dick and squeeze firmly.  The twin with the ball made her shot sucessfully, squealing in delight.

"Hey, Lisa! I made it!" she exclaimed.  "We have to both take him on!"

"Oooooo, I like the sound of that!" he exclaimed with a leering grin.

Both little girls blushed mightily.  One twin slapped him lightly on the arm.  "Phillip, you stop that!  You promised not to tease."

"OK, OK, I'll stop.  But I do want to do it again!"

"Maybe, if you're a good little, I mean Big boy,"  the first twin said with a gleam in her eye.

The three children stopped playing and entered the door to the garage.  The first twin tossed the ball toward the hoop, but missed.  The ball caromed off the front of the rim and bounced toward the street.  She chased the ball and reached it in the middle of the street, bent down to grab it on the run but booted it.  The ball shot toward my hiding place, so I went after it, picking it up and walking toward the panting little preteen darling.

I dribbled a few times and did a fast fake to the right, she proved her reflexes by immediately reacting by dropping into guard position.  This was definitely going to be a strong, competitive young lady.  We laughed and I tossed her the ball.

"I was watching you guys play," I told her as her eyes widened slightly as she realized the implications.  "That is an unusual guard technique you guys use."  

She knew by that I had indeed seen the children fondling each other.  She blushed prettily, the red flush rising to her cheeks and down on her chest.  The tiny bumps just beginning to grow there were barely evident, but when she blushed, her little nipples crinkled up, causing the tips to poke outward against her sweaty t-shirt.  I could tell she was beginning to be afraid that I would tell her parents what I had seen.

I decided to let her off the hook.  "Maybe I can play a game with you guys sometime," I told her.  "The way you play looks like a lot of fun!"

She sighed in relief.  "Oh, yes, it IS!" she replied.

"But we both know that games played inside in private are even more fun, don't we?"

"How did you..." she sputtered.

"I was your age once, y'know?  I did a lot of things with little girls that they liked a lot!  We had a lot of fun together and nobody ever got hurt."

"REALLY?  What kinds of things did you do?"

"What I liked doing the best was pulling their little panties down and kissing them between the legs.  Has anyone ever done that to you?"She moaned softly, "Nooooooo, but I sure would like for someone to do it!  All we've ever done is look at and touch each other."

"Well, maybe you just need a teacher to show you what to do..."

I caught movement across the street out of the corner of my eye and the little girl jumped when she heard, "Myra Ellen! Come on in and get cleaned up.  Dinner is almost ready!"

"OK Mom," the pretty little girl called.  

She turned back to me and I said, "Myra Ellen, huh?  That's a pretty name.  What are your brother and sister's names and how old are you?"

"Thank you!" she smiled.  "Cheri and I are eleven and Phillip is thirteen.  We have another sister named Melissa who is nine.  We call her Sissy and she doesn't play games with us."

"Nice to meet you, Myra Ellen.  My name's Mike.  I hope we get the chance to play a game together."

"Oh, me TOO!" she exclaimed as she scampered back across the street.  She dribbled the ball as she ran, then jumped for a three pointer and hit "nothing but net!".  Like the child she was, she danced a victory dance before disappearing into the house.

Maybe I was going to like this neighborhood after all!


The next morning was Saturday, my day to laze around the house while Marilyn worked in her shop.  I got up about ten, put on some loose silk shorts and a t-shirt.  Opening the living room drapes, I noticed one of the twins playing in their front yard with another little girl I assumed to be Sissy.  It was a delightful scene of two young sisters innocently playing together on a sweet summer morning.

The woman who had paged Myra Ellen the previous day came out of the house, spoke with the girls, got into a minivan and drove away.  After a while Phillip and his father came out with softball equipment and left together in a sporty sedan.  The two sisters continued to play in the yard.

I went into my backyard for a while, then returned, noticing that the youngest girl was now curled up in a porch swing, taking a nap.  Both twins were sitting on the steps, talking and looking over at my house.  I walked up to the front window so they could see me, took a sip of my coffee and waved at them.  They giggled and waved back.  I stepped out the front door and they got up, looked at their sleeping sister, then quietly came across the street.

Seeing them both up close for the first time, I realized there was absolutely no way for me to tell which one of the eleven-year-old twins I had teased the day before.  I looked each in the eye as they approached, but both had a gleam.

I looked between them and said, "Good morning, Myra Ellen".

They looked at each other and burst into laughter!

"I knew it!  I knew it!  He can't tell!"  they chanted to each other.

To this day I don't know whether they planned what came next, but they began finishing each others sentences.

"He doesn't know..." the first said.

"...which one of us..." 

"...he talked to yesterday..."

"...about pulling down panties..."

"...and kissing..."

"...LITTLE GIRLS PUSSIES!"  saying the last line together with much giggling.

I was a bit taken aback at their boldness, and I guess it showed.  They continued their strange dialogue.

"Oh, look..."

"...he looks shocked..."

"...that we would say Pussies..."

"...when he was the one..."

"...that was talking..."

"...about kissing them!"

"I guess that means..."

"...he probably won't want..."

"...to kiss our pussies today!"

I felt like I was at a tennis match trying to keep up with these two.

"Oh, yes I do!" I told them.  They grinned as I gave them instructions to go around to the back of the house and wait for me so no neighbors would see them going in the house.  I stayed on the front porch for a few minutes so there was a clear separation between where the girls were and where I was.  Then I drifted through the house to find the twins with their noses pressed against the french doors, trying to see past the reflective coating.  I startled them by rapping on the glass, then opened the door.  I checked to make sure no one saw them come in, then slid the door shut.

When I turned around, I found the two children with their shorts around their ankles and grins on their faces.  They were wearing matching pale pink panties with bunnies prancing on them.  They were so alike it was like looking at someone admiring their own reflection.  Both had the panties pulled snugly around their vulvas, the delicate creases dividing them barely visible as slightly dark lines beneath the satiny surface of the underthings.

"Will you now please pull down our panties..." they began again.

"...and kiss our pussies?"

Speechless, I nodded and fell to my knees, beckoning them to me.  They stepped out of their shorts and walked over.  I put one hand on the back of the neck of each, then slid my hand slowly down their backs, watching their eyes and faces as my hands started down across their tight little buns.  They just grinned wider when my fingers brushed down into the sweet valley between.  In lockstep they widened their stance as my fingers reached the bottom curve, allowing my fingertips to delve even further between their coltish legs.  

I moaned softly as my fingers felt the tiny splits of their unviolated cunts.  I brought my hands to the front and cupped the soft, puffy mounds guarding two sweet treasures.  Each child put her outside hand on my shoulder and squatted, then widened the stance even further.  I ran my hands up between their legs and cupped their buns, causing the silky material of their panties to stretch tightly.  The two little girls writhed in my hands, grinding their bouncy little bottoms into my palms, moaning softly at the sensation.

I drew my hands back out and around up to the hems of the t-shirts covering the children's torsos.  Lifting up I drew the coverings over their heads and off.  The twins shook their long blonde hair and shivered slightly as the air-conditioned air breezed across their bare tops.  The just-forming mounds of flesh that would become beautiful breasts in years to come projected in gentle swells from their chests.  The tiny nipples crinkled happily and stood proudly in the cool air.  Both of the pubescent darlings closed their eyes and moaned again as my hands passed across the sensitive nips, pinching the tips gently as they passed.

My fingers journeyed down across their smooth, flat tummies to the waistbands of the little-girl underpants.  I hooked my fingers under the legbands, then let the backs slide slowly, slowly down across the jutting mons untainted as yet by hair.  I felt the so smooth skin quivering as my digits reached the bottom and were embedded in the clean cracks between the two eleven-year-olds' legs.  

I drew the girls closer together as I kneeled before them.  My fingers curled around the crotch material of the bunny-covered panties and applied downward pressure.  The material stretched at first, then the waistbands began to slide downward.  Both sweethearts gasped in the realization that I was now indeed making good on my offer.  Their panties were coming down!  Soon they would feel the hot breath and warm lips of a man kissing their pussies!  The twins put their arms around each other as they looked down to watch their underpants coming off.

Applying even pressure, I tried to keep the downward pace even on both sets of panties.  I succeeded in revealing the top of the two virgin slits at the same time.  I stopped a quarter inch down to enjoy the sight of the bald, puffy vision before me.  Again I pulled down until an inch of split on each was in view.  

"Now tell me which one is which," I told the girls.

"I'm Myra Ellen and she's Cheri," the one on the left replied breathlessly.

I leaned in toward Myra Ellen, planting my lips at the top of her delicate little slit.  She trembled and moaned as she felt lips on her untouched cunt for the first time.  Her hips thrust forward and she pressed her pussy into my face harder, spreading her legs more and stretching her panties tightly between her thighs.  I bent over a little further and dipped my tongue into her slit, sliding it down slowly until I felt her hooded little clitoris beneath it.  Swirling the tip around the sensitive nubbin, I felt Myra Ellen lean her weight on her sister's shoulders, keening as she enjoyed the sensation.

"Oh, Cheri, it, it, it, feels soooooooooo gooooooooooood!" she cried. "He's got his tongue in me and it's sooooooooooo goooooooood! Oh, oh, oh, oh, yessssssssssssssssssssssssss!"

The little girl bucked her hips at me now, grinding her cunt into my face.  I ran my tongue as far down her valley as the bunched panties would allow, dabbling at the entrance to her vagina and tasting the tart flavor of her virgin center, then made one last slow pass up across her now-engorged clit up the remainder of her slit and off.  She made a motion as though to grab my head and capture it in place, but I drew back.

"Now, now, Myra Ellen, don't be greedy!" I admonished the child.  "Cheri wants some attention, too.  Don't you Cheri?"

"Oh yes, please!  Please kiss my pussy too!  I want to feel what M.E. was feeling!" she said, pressing herself up against me.  I startled her by kissing her.  She froze in surprise.  The child was perfectly willing to ask me to kiss her pussy, but was unprepared for a kiss on the other lips.  After a second or so, she melted, letting her lips part slightly as her developing body merged with mine.  I took the invitation and let my tongue snake through her delicate lips, squeezing through the teeth, exploring...  A similar snake arose in the mouth and joined mine in dance.  I engulfed the sensous child in the epic kiss.  I wanted her to remember her first real kiss forever.

I leaned back, to Cheri's disappointment, and resumed the downward trip of the two preteen girls' panties, until finally they could step out of them and their little pink sneakers.  Now adorned with only little-girl jewelry, these girls stood proudly displaying their flesh.  Guiding them by my hands carressing their waists I backed them toward the sofa until they could sit on the edge side-by-side.  I gripped the outer underdeveloped breast of each and pressed gently so they curled in across the seat cusion and partway up the back.  I leaned their heads together, then separated their lower bodies by rolling them toward each other slightly.  This put them face to face.

Parting Cheri's legs, I leaned down and pressed my open mouth against her pussy.  I sealed my lips around the outer boundary of her mound, my bottom lip on her perineum and my top lip at the line where the top of her triangle of hair might someday run.  Starting at the very bottom I let just the tip of my tongue brush the surface lightly, raking the soft, smooth skin back and forth ever slowly upward.  Her hips began to undulate gently as she enjoyed the bath my toungue was giving her virgin quim.  I looked up to see both girls staring at me as I licked that delicious little pussy.

I moved up next to their heads and said softly, "Cheri, kiss her like I kissed you."

She looked at me for a moment, then turned her face to her twin's and pressed her lips against those of Myra Ellen.  I could tell by the reaction that M.E. was surprised by the tongue she soon encountered, but she closed her eyes and began to enjoy it.  Cheri rolled more toward her partner and as she did, I lifted her left leg and placed the heel on the edge of the couch.  With her other leg pressing her twin's, my view to her perfect little mound, devoid of covering, was ideal.  The soft petals of her labia bloomed, wet, pink flesh shining and pulsing in invitation.  As I leaned in closer, Cheri detected and pressed her limbs apart even more.  Her hips quivered in anticipation, feeling my breath now as I approached.

Within an inch of those beautiful flowers that adorn the love center of every woman, I blew gently.  The top of her labia parted, revealing the hood guarding her clitoris.  Still blowing softly, the hood drew back as blood pumped into the tiny pleasure bud.  The little girl squirmed sensously, her bare mound moving in small circles as the gentle stream of air flowed across her now fully exposed love nubbin.  The two girls continued to kiss.  To bring them to an even point in their education (and just because I wanted to) I stiffened my tongue, inserted it into the bottom of her slit and dragged it slowly upward until the tip swirled several times around her pulsing clit.  As it slid across and slightly into her vagina, the muscular tissue contracted, almost sucking my tongue deeper.  I knew this child was ready.  I leaned back and noticed Myra Ellen's hand sliding across her waist toward her tiny pussy.  I reached out and stopped it.  She drew away from kissing her sister to look at me questiongly.  Cheri kept her eyes closed until I spoke.

"Lie back on the couch, girls, and scoot your pretty bottoms together," I told them, gently assisting and positioning them.  I lifted the inside leg of each girl and laid it across the back of the sofa.  I continued to move them toward each other until the softly rounded asscheeks of each was pressed tightly against the other's.  This created the most beautiful sight I have ever seen!  Eight full inches of virgin pussy slit!  The sweet valleys were aligned so as to create a continous groove of delectible eleven-year-old quim.  The girls' hands sought each other and as they grasped, welded their owners tightly together.

As my face approached the gorgeous feast before me, each child placed her outside leg across my back.  Starting in the middle of the slit, I rocked my stiff tongue back and forth, just touching the slit.  As the swings became wider and wider, so did the pressure I exerted increase and therefore the depth of the penetration.  This continued until at last my tongue flashed wetly across the full length of the seam.  From above the clit of M.E. at one end to swirl around the bud of Cheri at the other, I drove the two little girls ever upward on their journey of discovery.  I knew that while these children had pleasured themselves, they had never reached these heights before.

Reaching my hands up, I cupped the cunt of each, then used my thumb and forefinger to spread the immature labia apart to reveal the entrances to these innocent depths.  The girls pulled themselves toward each other even harder, causing the holes to buck upwards in invitation.  I accommodated by again stiffening my tongue and leaning in.  The openings were so close to each other I began a figure-eight motion on them, the tip of my tongue sliding around and around from one hole to the other.  The delicious juices seeped from both, granting the most wonderful flavor.  

I now moved my hands so the twin labia were spread by my forefinger and ring finger, with the middle finger draped across the pulsing clit of each preteen beauty.  I began plunging my taster in and out of the virgin tunnels, bouncing back and forth between them.  I could get almost two inches into them as I tonguefucked the darlings.  I dimly heard loud panting from both twins as I slurped up their nectar.  As my tongue explored the entrances to their vaginal sphincters, my middle fingers began to slowly and gently encircle the engorged buds protruding from the top of each virgin slit.  

Playing them like instruments, I varied the intensity of my ministrations to bring them to, keep them at or back them off from certain levels of pleasure.  I found I could actually control how hard they pulled at each other's linked forearms, and thereby control how far up into the air they projected their bottoms.  When I backed off, they would relax, causing their hips to slide downward, returning their sweet pussy grooves to the single line of split like at first.  Then when I took them on an upward ride, their tender bodies would curl until they were touching only at the top of the valleys between their lovely rounded bottoms.  

At the apex, the two tiny mounds became separate and the wrinkled twist of anuses appeared, shining wetly from the abundance of juice flowing over them.  Very deliberately, so they would have no doubt as to the sensations, I slowly inserted my wiggling tongue-tip into first Cheri's and then M.E.'s bottom.  My middle fingers came down across the puffy little vulva to take up station on the twin clits protruding from the enflamed labia, glistening from the slick juices adorning them.  

As my tongue danced from the back door of one child to the rear entrance of the other, the assigned finger swirled and flicked at the two tiny buds, causing their hips to buck gently.  I drew back from my tasty treat and crossed my hands.  This allowed me to slide them back to back between the sweet cheeks before me.  I could now bend down and again lap the length of the continuous valley of delight from one little girl's clit to the other.  My fingers dabbled in the crease at the center, racing over the fat lips and knocking at the doors of the children's wombs and bowels.

Slashing my face back and forth with my tongue hard and extended, I brought the eleven-year-olds to the peak.  Fluids poured from them as their climaxes took control, flowing downward across the wrinkled pucker below.  When I was sure that both lolita's were cumming, I inserted a finger just inside each hole and rotated it gently.  The girls came even harder, bucking against my hands and clenching their tight little pussies and assholes on my spinning fingers.  Little-girl-cum drenched my face as I lapped and sucked the sweet juice and swallowed it down.   I was reveling in the forbidden delight of making the angelic darlings cum and then eating it while fingerfucking all four virgin holes.  I was in pervert heaven!


CHAPTER 3

Sunlight reflecting off the pool behind the house dappled across the two exhausted little girls snuggling against me.  I cradled each in the crook of an arm, my hands sliding gently back and forth down their sleek nubile bodies.

Myra Ellen looked up at me and smiled. "Thank you, Mike.  That was sooooooooooooo
gooooooooood, wasn't it Cheri?"

The other child snuggled closer and murmered, "Unh-HUNH!  That's the best thing EVER, EVER, EVER!!!  I thought I was gonna DIE when he put his tongue up inside my bottom!"

"I'm glad you girls liked it," I told them. "I enjoyed making you feel good.  Now do you want to make me feel good too?"

"OH, YES!" they cried together.  So I sat them up on their knees beside me, then stood up.  I started to slide my shorts down but Cheri stopped me.

"Let us do it, Mike," she said, looking at her twin.  Together they grasped either side of my shorts and pulled down together.  The front band lifted outward as it drew down across the bulge of my distended cock.  Two sets of little girl eyes widened as the shorts came further down and they realized the size of the tool being revealed.  The engorged head peeked out, precum coating the end.  Myra Ellen licked her lips softly.  Cheri sighed as the pants slipped past the base of my dick, revealing it wholely, nestled in its bush.  The blood-filled rod bounced with my pulse as it swayed before the eyes of the two eleven-year-old virgins.  With eyes glued to the tool, they slid the shorts down my legs and off.

I showed them how to grasp my dick gently and pump the skin slowly.  As fingers slid upward, a large dollop of precum oozed from the tip.  I took the slime on my thumb and placed it first on Cheri's lips, then on Myra Ellen's, letting my thumb slip inside her delicate mouth as she licked the fluid from it.

"Mmmm, that tastes good," Cheri said as she licked her lips.  I reached behind her head and drew her toward my cock. "Get some from the source.  Lick it off my cock," I told her.

The child widened her lips and engulfed the head of my dick in her innocent mouth as though she was born to suck cock!  While her twin slid her hot mouth down my cock, M.E. put her head further down and licked on my balls, taking one in her mouth gently and laving it with her tongue.  Then she lifted up to put her lips around the base of my rod, her tongue curling out around the shaft.  As her sister rose up my dick, she followed, until Cheri's mouth came off the head to be replaced by that of her twin.  Then M.E. sucked my dick in so deep her nose nestled in the bush at the base of my dick.

The twins took turns, one sucking me deep while the other rode the outside of my dick with her tongue, then exchanging places.  Back and forth, deeper and deeper, faster and faster these two preteen vixens sucked at my center until I felt a bioling deep within and felt the cum shooting up my dick.

"OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOODDDDDDDDDDDDDD!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII'MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMM
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMMMIIINNNNGGG!"
I screamed.  My two little darlings placed their lips together at the tip of my cock and drank my cum as it blasted out.  Spurt after spurt flew from me, only to be captured by the lips of the sweethearts and gobbled down.

I collapsed on my back on the floor, having endured the most intense cum of my life!  I groaned when I felt a body on mine.  My dick was still hard, not having had time to deflate, when M.E. straddled me, pressing her hairless little pussy down on my dick.

"Next time, Mike, I want you to put your thing in my pussy and take my cherry!  I want you to FUCK ME, OK?"  With that bare little virgin quim sliding back and forth on my dick, I really had no choice but to agree to her wishes, now did I?  After resting for a while, my two little darlings finally dressed and slipped out to return home.  I couldn't believe my luck at finding two such lovely playmates!  

Later that afternoon I was working in the garage again when I heard a door slam across the street.  I looked up to see the youngest girl come out with some dolls to play on the porch.  I went back to what I was doing, paying no attention to the child.  A while later I turned around and was startled to find the little girl in the garage with me, a doll under each arm.

"Hi, I'm Mike!" I said. "I'll bet you're name is Sissy!"

"No," she said petulantly. "My name is Melissa, everyone just CALLS me Sissy!"

"Oh, don't you like being called Sissy?"

"No, but I can't mak'em stop!"

"Well, I think a person should be called by the name THEY want to use, so I'll call you Melissa, how's that?"

"REALLY?  Oh, thank you!  You're nice!"  I smiled at the child, then turned back to my work.

"Do you like my dolls?" I heard the child ask.  I turned around again to see her holding her toys for my review.  I reached out and took them from her and seriously looked them over.

"These are very nice dolls," I told her.  "I bet they are good friends, too.""Oh, yes they are.  But we have secrets!"

I indulged the child as I worked.  "Really, what kind of secrets?"

I was startled when she replied, "The same kind of secrets you and my sisters have!"

I whirled around to see the impish smile on the little girl's lips.  "What do you mean?" I asked nervously.

"Well, Susie here likes to pull Bambi's panties down and kiss her between the legs, just like I saw you do to the twins!" she exclaimed triumphantly.  She started giggling delightedly at my shocked reaction.  "See? This is how they do it..."  The child drew up the dress of one doll and took down its panties.  She then put the face of the other doll between the legs of the first and made cute little slurping noises.

"Yum, yum, yum, lick it, lick it, lick it..." the little girl hummed as she played.  I was still shocked into imobility by the little one's revelation when she turned to me and asked, "Did you really like kissing my sisters down there?"

I figured all would be lost if I was less than honest.  "Yes I did, very much.  They really enjoyed me doing it too, don't you think?"

"It sure looked like it!" she giggled.  "I think its fun, too."

"You've done it before?" I asked.

"Just with my dollies.  Susie told me she liked to kiss girls down there so I let her kiss me there.  It was a little fun, but Susie doesn't know how to do very much, I mean she's just a dolly."

"Well, when the time is right you'll learn what its really all about." I told her.

"When is the time right?""When you want it to be.  You should never let anyone do anything like that unless you really want them to.  Cheri and Myra Ellen wanted to play, so we did.  But if they had not wanted to, we wouldn't have done anything like that.  Do you understand the difference?"
"Yeah, I think so.  The twins wanted to suck on your thing, but if they didn't want to, you wouldn't have made them do it, huh?"

"That's exactly right.  You only do things like that when you really want to, not just when someone else wants you to do them."

"Would you kiss me down there if I really wanted you to?" the little child asked.

"If you really wanted me to, yes I would." I replied.

"Okay!" she said.  "Do you want to pull my panties down or do you want me to do it?"

"Wait a minute, you want me to kiss your pussy now?""Unh-Hunh!  I've wanted you to since I saw you do it to M.E. and Cheri while ago.  My crissie feels all itchy and I want you to kiss it for me, please!  I'll suck on your thing if you want me to!"

I took a careful look around outside the garage to see if anyone was aware the child was with me.  I saw no evidence of it, so I took her by the hand and led her to an overstuffed chair in the corner.  It was partially hidden by boxes still stacked from the move.  I hoped that, along with the darkened garage would protect us from discovery.  I sat down on the chair with the nine year old girl in front of me.

"Okay, Melissa, are you really sure you want to do this?"

"Oh, yes!"

"Well then, pull up your dress, pull down your underpants and show me how you let Susie kiss you there."Dropping the other doll on the floor, she quickly lifted the hem of her dress and tucked it under the sash around the middle.  Pale blue panties hugged her little-girl frame.  She started at the top and rolled the waistband slowly down across her boyish hips.  I could see a definite tan line revealed as she rolled the flimsy material down to the top of her puffy vulva.  Unselfconsiously, the little girl pressed on, rolling the cloth ever downward, now uncovering the top of her unformed split, the soft hairless valley gleaming as it emerged.  Finally, her entire vee was visible, the tender folds of her labia closed gently to protect her unviolated womanhood.

Once past her pussy, the darling child slid the panties swiftly down her coltish legs and over her scuffed sneakers.  She slipped them off, then looked around for someplace to put them.  I reached out and took them from her, my eyes never leaving that sweet valley between her legs.

Like the little girl she was, she started talking to her doll.  "Susie, do you really want to kiss me between my legs?  You do?  Okay, then, I'll let you while Mike watches us, OK?  You like him watching us? I do too!  It makes me feel naughty to let him watch you kiss my crissie with no panties on.  He's the first boy to see me naked down there and it feels all squishy to see him looking at my crissie.  Kiss my crissie now, Susie, kiss it gooood."

She ran the face of the doll down between her legs until it was directly over her tiny clit, then started rubbing it up and down.  Squatting slightly, she opened her legs and moved the doll's head faster and faster as she masturbated herself, her eyes closing and her head thrown back.  The child was definitely enjoying herself as the rough texture of the doll's face ravaged the delicate tissues of her virgin cunt.  She began panting and moaning as she flashed the doll's face back and forth across her tender quim. 

Sitting back in the chair watching the spectacle before me, I was amazed that this nine-year-old girl could be so sexually aroused.  As the face of the doll slid downward, I could see juices starting to coat it, seeping from this prepubesent youngster's tiny hole.  I could stand it no longer.  I had to taste that juice!

I reached out and slid my hands down the child's shoulders, down her arms, down to where she had the doll's head firmly grasped in her fingers.  I slowed her movements with my hands until she finally calmed down and opened her eyes questioningly.

I took the doll from her and looked at the face.  The surface gleamed wetly with the fluids generated by the preteen honey.  She watched me, entranced, as I drew the doll's head to my nose and inhaled deeply.

"You smell good!" I told her.  She smiled.  Extending my tongue, I licked over the face of the doll, lapping up her sweet lubrication as she watched.  "Oh, you taste very good, too!"  She smiled even wider.

"May I please taste your pussy?"  I asked politely.  Her grin nearly split her face as she nodded wildly.  I stood up, checking the area again, then turned to seat her in the chair in my place.  The large chair swallowed the child.  With her tiny bottom on the edge of the seat, her head was barely against the backrest.  I took her legs, spread them and placed one over each armrest, putting her legs almost into a complete split.

As I spread her legs her labia drew apart, revealing the tiny hooded clitoris that had given her such pleasure with the doll.  Her delicate mound was no bigger than a silver dollar with a two inch valley parting it into two twin hills of quivering flesh.  Moisture glistened at the center, seeping from the center of the vagina of the little nine-year-old girl.

I leaned in and drank in the sight of this tender young cunt waiting for me.  It pulsed in anticipation as she waited for me to stimulate her.  I let the tension build as I watched the tiny hole clenching open and closed.  Little Melissa was beginning to get agitated as she waited.  Her hands came down and spread her hole even wider.

"Please, Mike, please, please kiss my crissie!  I can't stand it!"

Rather that be cruel, I leaned in and let my mouth engulf the vulva of the child.  My mouth covered her from the top of her mound all the way past her little puckered asshole.  I let my tongue gently lave across the engorged tissues, bathing them in soothing warmth.  The tip of my tongue lapped around the tiny bud of her clit, causing her to buck against my tongue.  I slipped it down further to the entrance to her vagina and dipped it in.  It felt like a vacuum cleaner had caught it!  She clenched her sphincter muscles so rapidly it created a vortex that drew my tongue deeply into her untouched pussy!  By the time I realized what had happened, almost two inches of my tongue was up inside this virgin nine-year-old's cunt and she was trying to draw more of it in, her slim hips bucking wildly against the seat cushion.  After enjoying the sweet flavors of the child by tonguefucking her for a while, I let the tip of my tongue slide to her backdoor and wiggle against the opening, just to gauge the reaction.  It was identical to her cunt, clenching and grasping to draw it into her asshole.  I couldn't believe the amount of lubrication this child was generating, the juices flowing from her down across my tongue as it burrowed into her behind.

Grunting in frustration, Melissa let her legs drop to the floor, so I drew back to see what she wanted to do.  Her eyes clouded with passion, she stood up, then indicated that I should stand too.  I did so.  She reached down and jerked my shorts down to the floor, my cock springing up in her face.  She turned me around and pushed me down into the chair.  

I had no idea what she was up to until she climbed into my lap, straddling my legs.  She placed herself so the lips of her vulva were parted by my cock pressed against my belly.  I looked down to see the head of my cock peeking from within the folds of her tiny cunt.  She began to rock against me, sliding her clit and vagina back and forth against my cock.  I could feel the hot juice still flowing from her as she rode my dick for all it was worth. 

Back and forth she flew, rocking against me, moaning softly as her actions became more and more frenzied.  All at once she came further forward than ever before and as she slid back, I felt the head of my dick pop into her split, resting at the entrance to her vagina.  I had no intentions of attempting to fuck this virgin child's pussy, but she had other plans.  She grunted as she pressed backwards until I felt the head pop into her tunnel.  She stopped for a minute and looked up at me.

"Is, is, is this what's called 'fucking'?" she asked.

"Almost.  It has to go all the way in for it to really be fucking.  Are you sure you want that?""Yes!  I want to be filled up!  That's what's been missing!  Do it to me!  Stick it all the way in me! Please!"

"Now, Melissa, it may hurt the first time.  You tell me if you want me to stop, OK?""Just DO IT!  FUCK ME!"As she said 'ME', I bucked my hips and slammed a good three inches into her dripping little hole.  I felt something give as her maidenhead was torn away and hot blood covered my dick.  I held still to allow her time to become accustomed to the sensation.

"Ouch, you were right!" she said.  "That stings, but it feels good at the same time!"

"Why don't you sit up so you can control how much goes in, now," I told her.  She did, straightening up and throwing her head back.  The hem of her dress had come loose and covered our joining, so I reached down and lifted it.  The tiny little girl's pussy was riding high atop my dick, still with only about three inches buried.  Slowly, she lowered herself, letting more and more of my stiff pole slide up inside her ravaged hole, until finally this darling nine-year-old child had my entire seven inches enveloped in her baby pussy.  She sat like that for long moments while I enjoyed the sensation of her unbelievably tight cunt clenched on my cock.  

"Oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo," she sighed as she slowly raised up, letting my cock slide down out of her body until only the head remained buried.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried as she dropped back down on it in one smooth motion.

I reached down and put my hands under her tiny thighs, lifting her until her legs were straight out in a split.  She couldn't have weighed more than 80 pounds.  I couldn't believe this tiny child was actually taking my entire dick up her love chute.  I lowered my hands, filling her pussy again, then raised her again.  She put her hands behind her head and went along for the ride.  Again and again I raised and dropped her, sliding my turgid seven inch rod in and out of her tiny hole.

Her soft moans became louder and louder as she enjoyed the serious fucking her little pussy was getting.  I stopped on the downstroke once to hand her a pillow and told her to yell into it if she needed to.  I lifted her again and let her weight drop on its own, slamming my cock deeply into her.  Over and over again I lifted and dropped her until finally she screamed into the pillow so loudly I was afraid the neighbors and her parents would hear her in spite of the pillow.  Her tiny pussy clenched tightly on my raging dick as I slammed into her again and again as she came on me, her hot cum flooding out around my dick.  My balls clenched and added my stream to the tidal wave of passion juice inside this wonderful child as my cum blasted the ravaged walls of her just-violated womanhood.

I awakened a short time later to find the darling child passed out on my chest, my softening dick still buried in her newly opened quim.  I brushed her soft blonde hair away from her eyes as she began to stir.  Her beautiful green eyes opened to mine and a smile spread across her face.

"Thank you, Mike, for making me feel sooooo good.  Oooo, I can still feel you inside me.  It feels so good to have your thing in my crissie.  I'm so glad I came over.  If I hadn't sneaked and peeked on you and the twins I never would have come over today."

"Yeah," I replied.  "We didn't talk about THAT!  That was pretty sneaky.  You shouldn't peek at people!  I ought to paddle your cute little behind for that!" 

"Ha, ha, ha, you just try it and I won't let you stick your thing up my crissie again, so there!" she said with an impish grin.  She reached up to kiss me and her pussy muscles clenched involuntarily, squirting my now-soft dick from her like a watermelon seed.

"Aaaaawwwwww! Now I feel sooooo empty!" she pouted.  "I guess you'll just have to fill it up again soon, huh?"

"Well, you're probably going to be a little sore for a few days.  Girls usually are after their first time getting fucked, especially if they are only nine yeras old!  Just take it easy and don't let anyone know what we did, OK?  I could get in a LOT of trouble!  Don't even tell your sisters yet, OK?"

"Well, OK I guess.  I was looking forward to telling them I got fucked by you after they only got their crissies kissed, but I guess I can wait."

"If you do, I'll see if I can arrange for you to watch when they get fucked for the first time, OK?"

"Really?  You mean they haven't gotten fucked by ANYBODY yet?  I got fucked before they did!  GREAT!"  she cried with glee.  "I love it!  I'm nine and they're eleven and I got a thing stuck in my crissie before they did! Ha, ha, ha...,"  she collapsed in laughter.

CHAPTER 4

No opportunities to get together with my little love bunnies arose until the next weekend, except the twins came over when I was sitting on the front porch swing just to talk.  I looked up from the newspaper I was reading to see the impish grins on their faces as they walked up the sidewalk.  I could tell they had something to tell me.

"Hi, Mike, wait'll you hear what happened!" Myra Ellen exclaimed.

"Yeah, it was great!" her sister added.

It seems Cheri walked past their little sister's room and heard a noise.  The door was cracked so she peeked in.  She then ran to get her twin so she could see too.  Little Melissa was masturbating with a doll!

"Oh, really?" I thought to myself.

The twins watched her for a few minutes as she ran the face of the doll across her pussy, then burst into the room with her, startling the child almost to tears.  They comforted their baby sister and it wasn't long before their panties came off too and they all joined in a jack-off session of majestic proportions.  The twins were amazed that their little sister could cum so many times and produce so much juice.  They said she really soaked her bedsheet with her cum.

The twins said they did not tell her about us and what we did together, but that Sissy expressed an interest in seeing a guy naked and sucking on his 'thing'.  They were going to try to arrange an excuse to bring their sister over sometime and see what developed.

Sitting there telling me about their encounter with Melissa had made the two preteen darlings horny, so they ran off to play with their pussies, leaving me with a raging hardon and no place to put it...  That is until my wife came home.  She wondered what had gotten in to me when I embraced her as she came in the door.  I ended up fucking her on the kitchen table.  I ate her lovely pussy until she came several times in my mouth, then slammed my dick into her hot, foamy cunt until she screamed as she came again and again.  Finally I pulled my cock out of her dripping pussy and slipped it into her asshole, slamming it in again and again until I filled her bowels with my spunk.  My wife did not realize the fringe benefits of having a bunch of horny children living across the street!

The next Saturday just after my wife left for the shop the relephone rang.  It was Cheri.  She told me that she and Myra Ellen were going to tell their mom I had invited them over to use the pool.  Her parents were going to be gone for most of the day visiting an 'unfavorite' aunt so the kids were home alone.  She said they had convinced Melissa to come over as well, but Phillip was not interested in swimming.  I agreed to their plan and awaited the children eagerly.

A few minutes later the kids' mother called.  She wanted to verify the kids were indeed welcome and had not badgered me into an invitation.  I assured her that I would watch after them (she just didn't know how closely!) and they were welcome.  She agreed to let them come (little did she know how much!) on condition the kids take me out to lunch on her.  Of course I agreed.

I went into the front living room to read and watch.  About a half hour later I saw the parents of my little sex partners leaving with much kissing and waving goodbye.  My dick started to get hard as soon as I spied the three little girls running across the street.  They bounced in with much noise, giggling and boisterous good humor.  Sissy came in first, dressed in her little girl swimsuit with a billowing short skirt.  The twins wore shorts and tee shirts, but as soon as they got into the den, the shorts and shirts came off to reveal two piece 'almost-bikinis'.  They made a production of running their fingers around the leg seams of the little bottoms and pulling on the straps of the tops covering their barely budding breasts.

We talked for a little while, then Myra Ellen and Melissa went into the kitchen to fix some sodas.  While they were gone, Cheri came over and talked softly.

"We think Sissy is ready for some fun," she told me conspiratorily.  "She may be scared of you a little at first but she really likes to play with her pussy so she should be ready.""OK," I said.  "Why don't you and M.E. make a point of leaving us alone for a little while?  Then I can talk to her and make her more at ease.  I'll show her some magazines I have of people fucking and sucking each other.  Y'all go explore the house or something."

She agreed and when her sisters returned made a point of whispering to her sister.  In a few minutes shesaid, "M.E., let's explore the house.  Do you mind, Mike?"

"No, not at all.  It'll give Melissa and me a chance to get to know each other."

After ten minutes or so, they returned and were surprised to find their little nine-year-old sister firmly seated in my lap.  As they came in, Melissa exclaimed, "Hey twins, look at this!" holding up a magazine.  "This shows guys things and everything!"

The twins looked at each other with a sly grin and came to sit on the arms of the overstuffed chair I was sitting in.  I put an arm around each slim eleven-year-old body, my hand coming to rest in a lap on each side.  The three little girls squealed, oooed and aaaahed over the pornographic scenes in the magazine.  They giggled and made comments on the size of the men's cocks and how funny they looked as they pierced the dripping holes of the women.  

"Look, M.E.," Cheri exclaimed.  "Sissy must be getting horny. See how she's grinding into Mike's lap?  Is that right, Sissy?  Is your little pussy getting wet looking at these pictures?  Do you want a doll to jack off with?" she teased.

"No, thanks, Cheri.  I'm fine right now," she replied with a pretty blush covering her cheeks.  "Why don't you play with your own crissie and let me worry about mine?"

"CRISSIE!" Cheri cried.  "You still call it your CRISSIE?  What a baby!"

"Oh, yeah? Well at least I've had a..."  I squeezed her leg in warning and she paused.

"Had what?  You're not even old enough to call it what it is.  It's your CUNT, your PUSSY, your SNATCH, your SLIT, your GASH, but it's not a CRISSIE!"

"All right, smartypants, my PUSSY!  Leave my PUSSY alone and play with your own PUSSY! OK?"

"Ooooooooooo, I'd rather have Mike play with it!  Wanna play with my pussy, Mike?"

"Don't leave me out," Myra Ellen exclaimed.  "I'm horny too!"

I let my fingers slip past the waistbands of the little darlings' swimsuit bottoms, feeling the soft, hairless mounds quivering as my fingers delved.  The middle finger on each hand found the split dividing the precious mount and gently rubbed up and down; then sliding down to circle slowly at the entrance to the virgin holes concealed between their legs.  Cheri had teased Melissa about getting wet but she and her twin sister were no slouches in that department either.  The slick moisture coated my fingers and I drew them back up to lubricate the tiny nubbins protruding from their hooded nests.  The two shildren moaned as my fingers flicked back and forth across the sensitive buds.  I backed off the pressure, slowly circling slickly.

Melissa continued to turn pages of the fuck magazine slowly drinking in every scene of debauchery.  The twins giggled again as her hips began to buck as her excitement mounted.  Finally reaching the last page of the book, she looked up at me with glassy eyes, saying, "That was great! Got any more?"

I grinned as I pulled my hand from the sweet pussy of Myra Ellen, bringing it around her head and putting my fingers in my mouth, savoring the sweet juice the little eleven-year-old had produced so copiously.  M.E. almost cried as my hand left her cunt.  I reached down beside the chair and snagged the other magazine I had placed there earlier.  It had a plain cover with the title "KinderLust".

The twins watched eagerly as Melissa turned to the first page, revealing a young girl sitting on a porch swing.  It was titled "Little Peepers".  The beautiful blonde looked sixteen but could have been eighteen.  She was sitting on a porch swing in a white flowing dress that reached past her knees.  The second picture on the page showed her opening a book and reading.

The next page zoomed in on her and the title of the book, "The Pearl" was visible.  In this shot the tip of her pink tongue could be seen lightly licking her lips.  Another photo showed her eyes widening at something she was reading, then dropping her head back with her eyes closed.  One hand dropped into her lap.

The following pages zoomed out to reveal a young boy peeping around the corner at the girl.  He appeared to be perhaps thirteen.  He watched at the girl continued to read, her hand now busy in her lap.  The girl looked around but did not spy the boy.  Her hand pulled the hem of her dress up and then slipped into her frilly blue panties.  She began to fingerfuck herself and rub her clit while still reading the erotic book.

Suddenly she spotted the boy peeping and a shocked look appeared on her face.  She dropped her dress down and angrily motioned for the boy to come closer.  She scolded the child, then seemed to notice something.  The boy was wearing shorts and the front was obviously distended from what he had been seeing.  She licked her lips again, then placed her hand on the bulge and squeezed, causing the boy's eyes to roll up in his head and his knees to almost give way.  She stood up and took him by the hand.

The next scene showed the two youngsters in what must be the girl's bedroom.  A white four-poster bed was covered in lacy white linen with small pink trim.  The young blonde sat on the edge of the bed and drew the boy to her.  She unsnapped his shorts and dropped them to the floor.  The bulge in his shorts gave testiment that the boy was well-endowed; the head of his hardened cock actually extending above the waistband.  The girl grasped the waistband at the side and jerked them down, leaving the boy proudly displaying a good eight inches of throbbing young manhood.

"Oooooooo, look at that!  He's not much older than we are and look at the size of his thing!" Melissa squealed.  "It's bigger than the grownups' things in that other book!"

"Oh, Sissy!" Cheri admonished. "You've got to learn the names right.  That's his COCK, his DICK, his PRICK, his ROD or his PECKER, but it's not a THING!"

Melissa rolled her eyes back in her head at this and responded. "You think you know so much.  Well, I know more than you about some things and you're sure going to be surprised when you find out WHAT!  Anyway this boy has got a big DICK!"

The twins continued to squirm under my fingers.  I had stretched my arms so I could have one finger circling their swollen little clits while having another barely inserted into their vaginas; fingerfucking the virgin holes gently.  They both lost interest in the magazine until they heard their little sister let out a "Oh, WOW!"

They looked down at the new page to see a wider shot that included the door to the bedroom.  From behind a little girl was shown peeping into the room.  The first picture was mostly in silhouette, but it was obvious the girl was much younger than the boy and girl playing in the room.  Dressed in tight shorts, tee-shirt and sneakers, the little girl had long, straight, blonde hair that extended down her back.  The little blonde was visible in each picture after that, either from behind as she peered around the doorjamb, or in the background in other shots.

The older girl had now completely undressed the boy and sat him on the edge of the bed.  She dropped her dress to her feet, then reached behind her back to unhook her bra.  The boys eyes widened as he saw her breasts for the first time.  It was apparent from the closeups that the girl was actually younger than she appeared.  As she knealt and took the boy's phallus in her hand, her tongue lashed out across the head.  A tight shot of her face as she took him in her mouth showed she was perhaps only a year or two older than her sex playmate.

The little blonde in the doorway leaned back and a closeup revealed she was maybe ten years old and now had slipped her hand down the front of her shorts and was obviously rubbing her little pussy.  She turned back to watch the other two children as they continued their explorations.  The older blonde had licked and sucked the boy almost to the point of cumming when she sat back on her panty-clad haunches and stood up.  She held her hands out to the boy and he stood as well, showing she was an inch or so taller.

The youngster dropped to his knees and with a look of eager anticipation on his face, began to tug at the waistban od the sexy blue panties covering his goal.  As the panties came down, the estimation of the girl's age was confirmed.  Her pubic mound was sparsely populated, soft blonde tendrils curled from the bottom of her 'V' and up the center of the soft hill split by her labia.  The delightful covering covered nothing and you could tell from the puffiness of her mound that she had not yet lost all her babyfat.

The teenage boy leaned in to examine what may have been his first pussy.  His fingers gently spread the lips of the young girl's vagina, revealing the tiny bud of her clitoris.  She placed her hands behind his head and drew him toward her.  He resisted and looked up at her questioningly.  She turned and sat on the bed, raising one leg up and placing her heel on the bed.  He turned on his knees to gaze into her open womanhood before him.  She again pulled his face to her crotch.  This time he went along willingly.  He kissed he pussy tentatively, tasting her essence on his lips.  He licked his lips and like the flavor and went back for more.  Soon he was driving his tongue deeply into her, flashing his tongue across her clit, raking it upa nd down across the opening to her center and even lapping across her wrinkled little backdoor.

The little preteen blonde at the door was really getting into her masturbation as she watched the two enjoy each other.  At some point she made a noise because the older girl looked toward the door and spotted her.  The younger girl was caught up in her fun and had her eyes momentarily closed.  The older girl tapped the boy on the shoulder and pointed.  His eyes widened as he realized what the ten-year-old was doing.  The two older children quietly got off the bed and slipped across the room to stand beside the little girl.  When she opened her eyes to drink in more of the sensual tableu, she was startled to find the bed empty.

"Look, Melissa, they caught the little girl watching!" I said.  "Now see what happens to people who peep!"

The little girl leaned in further to see if she could find where they had gone.  To her surprise, the boy and girl tapped her on the shoulder, making her jump.  She blushed and hid her face in her hands as she realized the two knew what she had been doing.  They took her by the hand and led her to the bed.  Sitting on the bed, her face still flushed with embarassment, the little preteen darling found herself staring directly into the crotches of the older children.  She was especially interested in the turgid prick bobbing only inches from her face.

The older girl sat down beside her and put her arm around her.  Then she took the child's hand and brought it to the boy's cock.  The little girl grasped it, drawing the skin forward.  A clear drop of lubrication came from the tip and slowly started stringing downward.  The older girl reached out a finger and captured the dollop of precum, then smeared it across the little girl's lips.  Her tiny pink tongue darted out and tasted it.  She smiled.  The older girl lifted her hand to the back of the younger girl's head and gently moved it toward the dancing rod in front of her face.  The ten-year-old kissed the tip, then opened her mouth to engulf the head.  With instructions from the older girl, she was soon bobbing her head up and down on the rod, licking the head and sucking it deeply into her throat.  The boy bucked his hips, thrusting himself into her throat, fucking the preteen's face for all he was worth.

While the little girl was sucking on the boy's dick, the older girl reached between them, unsnapping and unzipping her shorts.  Her fingers slid down into the cleft of the ten-year-old child.  After a few moments, the little girl's legs began to spread to allow better access for the digits giving her pleasure.  The little shorts were so tight that even that was not enough, so the child took her hand from the cock in her mouth and without missing a stroke into her throat, reached down and shoved her shorts to her feet, then kicked them off.  Now her legs spread even wider and the older girl's fingers had free reign in the little girl's nether regions.

"Wow!  Check this out, one girl's playing with the other's crissie... I mean .. uh.., oh yeah cunt!  I can't believe she's got that whole thin... dick in her mouth!"  Melissa sighed.  

The next shots showed the boy withdrawing his cock from her hot little mouth, lubrication stringing from the head back to her hungry lips.  Those luscious little lips seemed almost bruised by the pounding from his cock and her mouth and chin shined wetly from saliva and precum.

The older girl reached down and drew the little girl's tee shirt off over her head.  She had not even a hint of breasts yet, but her nipples stood proudly on her chest.  The older blonde bent and licked each one, drawing the last into her mouth and sucking.  As she pulled her head back, still sucking, it looked almost like the little girl had breasts.  With a nipple still caught in her mouth, the older girl nudged the younger down on the bed and crawled up beside her.  She then reached down and put her hand behind one of the little girl's knees and lifted, parting her legs and opening the tiny little cunt between.  The little girl got the idea and drew the other up as well, opening herself widely to the gaze of the young boy.

Seemingly entranced by the vision of virgin pussy before him, the boy crawled between the child's legs, bringing his face close to her bald, puffy little slit.

"That little girl's gonna get her pussy licked," said Mrya Ellen.  "Wouldn't you like to have somebody do that to you, Sissy?"  She looked at me with a gleam in her eye.

"I don't know," Melissa replied, going along with the game. "Maybe..."  She turned the page to see a closeup of the young boy's tongue delving deeply into the virgin valley.  He used his hands to spread the undeveloped labia to reveal the hooded little clit, shining wetly.  His tongue flicked out and lashed the sensitive nubbin, then dipped to drive into the untouched vagina, tongue-fucking the ten-year-old beauty.  

Under the loving minstrations of the boy, the little girl arched her back in pleasure, lifting her chubby buns off the bed.  He placed his hands under her butt and began lapping, his tongue starting at her asshole and ending up at the top of her bare little mound.  With him supporting her back and butt, the ten-year-old lifted her feet from the bed, placing her hands behind her knees and drawing them up.  Now suspended on the boy's hands and her shoulders only, the lovely nymphet pulled her knees wide.

The older girl joined the boy between the little girl's legs, leaning in to nudge his head away so she could get a taste.  Letting her have a few swipes with her tongue, the boy grew impatient and nudged her away to resume his lapping.  Disappointed, the older girl took up station beside the little girl and as the boy's head went down toward the child's asshole, the older girl's tongue followed.  Finally bringing her head into contact with the boy's, the older girl created a weld of flesh between their heads.  Moving in tandem, the two children traveled the sweet valley of the little girl's vulva and labia, tongues flashing and lips drinking the nectar flowing from the child.

"That girl's licking her pussy, too," Melissa noted.  "I didn't know girls could do that to girls!"

"Sure, it happens all the time," I told her.  "When you want to have sex with only other girls, its called being a lesbian.  If you like to do it with both boys and girls it's called being bisexual.  There's nothing wrong with either one.  Anything two people want to do together is okay as long as both want to do it.  There are a lot of sexual things that only a few people like to do and when those people get together, they have a lot of fun and nobody gets hurt."

"Oh... okay.  I think I'd like to try that myself, just to see if I'd like it," the little preteen darling said.

"We'll see if we can arrange that for you, sweetheart," I replied.

The next page showed the little girl lying on the bed again, exhausted from cumming in the mouths of the two other children.  The older kids were talking and looking at the child.  Finally they seemed to reach agreement and the boy crawled over the little girl to lie beside her, his massive manhood thrusting skyward.  The older blonde lifted the tiny girl and sat her across his lap.  My three darlings were very interested in this development and hurriedly turned the page.  Gasps erupted from all three at the sight of a closeup of the little girl's pussy poised over the boy's dick, the head just barely seated at the entrance to her vagina.

"NO WAY!" Myra Ellen shouted. "No way is that thing EVER going to fit in that little hole!  It would split her in two!""YES WAY!" Melissa replied.  "I'll bet you it does!  If babies can come out it will stretch to fit that in, and by the way, it's a DICK not a THING!"  She broke into wild laughter.

"Hurry and turn the page, I want to see her get her cherry popped!" Cheri said breathlessly.  "I want to see him slam that rod all the way up her hot little pussy!"The closer we came to that magic moment, the more hot juice flowed across my fingers from the cunts of the twins.  I knew what was on the next page so as soon as their eyes had time to register the sight, I shoved a finger up each one's pussy till it brushed against the thin membranes of their hymens.

The sight of the beautiful little blonde ten-year-old virgin impaled on the eight inches of young manhood was too much for the twins to bear.  I could feel their muscles clenching as they both came in my hands.  The little girl had her head thrown back with a grimace of pain.  In the next shot the cock was about halfway out of her ravaged hole, blood shining pinkly on the shaft, mixed with her cum.

The twins bucked on my hands in their orgasms.  I fingerfucked them gently, gradually slowing down and letting them enjoy the afterglow.  Both little darlings had collapsed against my chest, both now lying there panting as they recovered.  

Melissa had continued to turn pages as the twins rode my fingers to ecstasy and the magazine was lying right under the faces of the twins.  Myra Ellen pointed to a picture of the little girl with the cock almost all the way out of her pussy, then the next showing her hairless lips buried in the sparse bush of the teenage boy.

"That has GOT to hurt SOOOOOO BAAAAAD!" she exclaimed.  "I don't think I could ever stand it!"

"You got THAT right!" her twin agreed.  "Maybe I'll do that lesbian thing just so I won't have to do it!"

"Oh, quit being such BABIES!"  Melissa sighed.  "It stings when it first goes in but that doesn't last long, then it feels so good you couldn't imagine!"

"Yeah, right," M.E. said, exasperated.  "Like you know ANYTHING about sex.  All you've had is a doll's face in your cunt.  You haven't even had your pussy LICKED yet!"

"Oh, REALLY?"  Melissa looked at me and I nodded.  "Well, I'll have you know that I've had something neither on of you has had!"

"Like WHAT?" the twins chimed in unison.

"I've had Mike's DICK in my PUSSY!"

"NO FUCKING WAY!""YES FUCKING WAY... SEE?"

Melissa lifted the skirt of her bathing suit to reveal my cock completely buried in her tiny hairless snatch.  She lifted her ass upward to show the twins it was really in her, sliding upward until only the head was covered, then lowering herself with a sensous sigh of pleasure.  I decided to help her by pulling the suit top off over her head, leaving her nubile body fully exposed as she rode my tool.

The twins sputtered, "How?...when?... where?  did he force you?  didn't it hurt?  why?"

"I came over last week and peeked when Mike licked your pussies.  Then I came back over later when he was in the garage and asked him to kiss my criss... pussy, too.  He did and I liked it a lot, but it wasn't enough.  I climbed up to rub it on his dick and that felt really, really good, too.  Then when I was rubbing, it kind of slipped into my hole.  I told Mike I wanted it in me.  He asked me again to make sure and I said 'FUCK ME!'.  So he did, and we did and I came and came and came!  It was wonderful!  It feels so good when his dick is all the way in my pussy.  It makes me feel so full!"

During this monologue the sweet child had been sliding her hot hole up and down on my cock.  The twins had scooted down so their faces were only inches from our crotches, their eyes following my plunging rod as it plowed their baby sister's furrow.

"It was so hard to sit here looking at these magazines with his dick up my pussy without cumming.  Now I'm going to ride his dick until I cum all over it and it spurts me full of his juice!"  The nine-year-old nymphet placed her hands on my hips and used the leverage to push herself up and down faster and faster, our mixed juices frothing at the juncture.  She started to squeal as she neared her peak, yipping on each stroke as they came closer and closer together until finally she let out a long, high scream that vibrated the windows.  I could feel her tiny pussy clenching on me as she came again and again.  Her hot cum flooded over my cock, taking me to a higher peak until I felt the cum boil out of my balls to splash against the inner walls of her undeveloped womb.

"Oh, look M.E." Cheri squealed. "You can see his stuff coming out of her hole around his dick.  I can't believe she's taking all of it in her little hole!"

Myra Ellen reached a finger down and dipped it in the cum that pooled at the base of my rampant cock.  She brought it to her lips and tasted it.  "Mmmmm, it tastes good!  Kinda salty.  I like it.  Try it, Cheri!"  She dipped again and pressed her fingers into her twin's hungry mouth.

"Oh, yeah, I like that, too!  It's Mike's cum mixed with Sissy's cum.  Boy cum and girl cum.  I wonder if you taste good, too?"  Cheri said and reached for her twin's crotch.  M.E. moaned as her sister slipped a finger into her pussy, drenched in cum from me fingerfucking her.  

"YUM!  It's GREAT, TOO!" Cheri cried as she licked her fingers.  My sweet twin lovers were prevented from continuing their taste tests by the collapse of their little sister on my chest as she finished her orgasm on my dick.  They put their arms across the exhausted child's back and I hugged them all.  

Melissa was almost passed out, so I pulled the twins back so I could stand up.  With my dick still buried in the child, I carried her to the sofa and lowered her, then let my dick slip from her tight little hole.  Reaching for an afgan, I covered her naked body so she would not get a chill from the air-conditioning.  She immediately fell asleep.

I turned to find the twins staring at my cock as if mesmerized.  I looked down to see a large dollop of cum hanging from the tip.  I walked over to the girls and they fell to their knees together, both reaching for my cum-coated rod.  Together they put their mouths on each side of the head and shared the supply of cum, grunting, moaning softly and smacking their lips as they enjoyed the treat.  I had to sit back down to avoid falling.

Even though I had just dumped a heavy load in a nine-year-old snatch, my dick started to immediately harden.  The twins loved seeing and feeling it go from a limp noodle to standing tall. 

"Ooooooooh, I want to fuck it.  I want it in me. I want him to ram it in me and bust my cherry.  I wanna fuck, I wanna fuck, I wanna FUCK!"  Myra Ellen chanted.

"NO, M.E., remember? We decided!"

"Decided what?" I asked.

"We decided when we did it, we wanted to both get our cherries popped at the same time.  We need two guys to do that.  Let's wait. M.E. and do it together, OK?"

Disappointed, Myra Ellen conceded, "Alright, I guess you're right.  It would be neat to do it together.  We gotta figure out how to do it 'cause I really, really wanna fuck Mike.  I want that big dick filling me up as soon as possible."

"Hey, so do I.  Tell you what, I'll flip you for who gets fucked first by Mike."

"Deal!  Now all we got to do is find another guy to fuck YOU!"  M.E. said as she laughed.

Cheri looked thoughtful for a moment... "Y'know, there's always...""PHILLIP!" the twins said together.

"Yeah," said Myra Ellen.  "He's already seen and touched our cunts and we've seen and played with his dick.  You know has to want to fuck us pretty bad by now."

"Well, I want to get fucked pretty bad myself, so let's go get him."

"Now, wait a minute here!" I stopped them.  "We have to be very, very careful who we let know what about us.  You never know what someone's reaction could be.  If he finds out I fucked Melissa, he might take it wrong and report me or something.  I could go to jail for a long, long time and while I might enjoy being the one fucking someone's asshole, I have no interest in being on the other end, so to speak.  To make sure, we need to set it up so he does something, before he finds out about me, that we can use to keep him quiet if we need to.  We probably won't have to use it, if he's half as hot-blooded as his sisters, but I would feel a lot safer."

A sleepy voice spoke up, "I know..."

We turned to see my little darling struggling to sit up on the sofa.  "We can catch him playing with his dick while he peeps at me playing with my pussy!"

"REALLY?"  Cheri asked. "He does that?""Every chance he gets.  I leave my door cracked and he peeks at me.  I saw him playing with himself last night when I was letting Susie eat me."

The three girls and myself laid our plans for ambush.  When the setup was ready, the girls would call me to do my part.

After about ten minutes the phone rang.  M.E. told me Phillip was in the back yard, Melissa was ready and so were the twins.  I should come immediately to the front door to begin the plot!  

As I walkedup to the front door, Myra Ellen stuck her head out and motioned for me to hurry.  I quickened my step and went into the house.

"C'mon, Mike.  We have to get hidden quick.  Sissy's talking to Phillip out back."

Taking me by the hand, we went into a bedroom that obviously belonged to the twins.  Everything in the room matched, right down to the desks and computers.  Holding her fingers to her lips, we saw Cheri standing beside the window, listening.  We joined her and I realized the window was open and we could hear a conversation outside.

"I think I'll go play in my room for a while," we heard Melissa say to her brother.  "I haven't played with Susie since last night and she really, really likes to play with me."

"She does, hunh?" the boy replied.  "Did she tell you that herself?"

"Well, of course, silly!  Susie's my best friend and we like to play with each other.  She tells me secrets and I tell her secrets.  Do you want her to tell you a secret?"The little girl lifted her doll up to her brother's ear and he pretended to listen.

"Did she tell you a secret?"

"She sure did!  She told me how you and her like to play together.  She said you two are naughty sometimes.""SUSIE, you bad, bad girl!  You weren't supposed to tell ANYONE that secret.  You've been a very bad girl and I'm going to march right in the house, take your panties down and spank your behind!  What?"  She pretended to be listening to the doll again.  

"I don't know... You've been a bad girl so it might be a long time before I let you do that again, after you told Phillip about it!  It depends.  If you are a good girl after I spank you, I might let you do it."  We pulled the curtain back slightly so we could see the 13 year-old boy.  As Melissa walked away telling the doll what was to come, we saw him reach down and grasp his cock, repositioning it for comfort.  You could tell by the swell he had gotten the message.

Melissa opened the door to the twins' room and whispered, "Well, how'd I do?  Do you think he's gonna peek?"

"No doubt about it," Myra Ellen replied softly.  "I could tell he knew what you were talking about by the look on his face.  You watch, he'll wait a few minutes, then he'll be at your door.  Go on now, and get ready."

"Hurry!" Cheri hissed.  "He's coming in already!"

The youngest girl dashed across the hall, closing the door to a slight crack.  We positioned the twin's door the same and stood behind it.  Suddenly, the twins' door started to open.  Phillip was making sure no one was home!  Fortunately he closed the door again to a crack as we breathed a soft collective sigh of relief.  After a few moments we peeked around the edge of the door to see Phillips back as he crouched at his baby sister's door.

"Alright, Susie, time for your spanking!" we could hear Melissa telling her doll.  "You know you shouldn't tell secrets about what we do.  Now Phillip knows and he might tell somebody!  You've been a very, very bad girl.  Now I'm going to take your panties off.  There!  Now lay down across my lap... NO!  You can't kiss me there until after I've spanked your naked behind, then maybe...  I'm pulling up you dress so I can see your cute bottom...  Oh, it's so soft and round and I really hate to spank it...

BUT   (whack)
YOU (whack)SHOULDN'T (whack)
TELL (whack)
SECRETS, (whack)
SHOULD (whack)
YOU? (whack)

There now, that's enough... Oh, don't cry, Susie... I'll rub your behind for you to make it feel better...  What's that?  You want me to kiss it to make it feel better?  You want me to kiss your bottom?  OK, if it'll make you feel better!"

I wished I could see the performance the child was putting on for her brother.  He stood up and I saw him reach down and free his dick from his shorts.  The boy had a cock bigger than MINE!  I only had a glimpse, but it looked at least eight inches long and a bit thicker than my dick.  He began to massage his tool as he watched his nine-year-old sister.

"Do you like that, Susie?  Do you like it when I kiss your bottom?  How about when I kiss your crissie?  Do you like that?  Do you want to kiss my crissie, Susie?  You do?  OK, if you promise to be a good girl, I'll let you kiss my crissie!  Here, let me take my shorts and panties off."We saw Phillip straighten up at that, pressing his eye even closer to the tiny crack in the door.  We heard a thump and realized his head had hit the door, opening it about six inches.  He froze with his dick in his hand, sure he had been discovered.  No reaction to the opening came from Melissa, even if she had noticed.

"Oh, yes, Susie... Kiss my crissie, kiss it good... oh that feels so good, lick it, lick it, Susie... oh I love it when you lick my crissie!"  the little girl cried.  "Oooooooooh this feels sooooooo goooooood... but I wish I had a real person to do it, Susie, I wish you were real so you would have a real tongue to lick my crissie with... I want a real tongue to lick my crissie... I wish Phillip would come in here and lick my crissie for me... I bet he would like that... I've seen his thing get hard in his pants before when I've let him look up my dress... I bet he would like to kiss my crissie if I would kiss his thing... oh I wish Phillip would come in..."

We could tell the boy was in a quandry.  Was his little sister serious?  Did she really want his to do that?  Did he really want to do it?  He stood quitely, listening to the child as she masturbated, then, looking up and down the hallway one last time, opened the door and entered his baby sister's room.  He pushed the door closed behind him, but left the same crack as Melissa had left for him.  The twins and I scrambled quietly to glue our eyes to that thin sliver. 

Melissa was lying on her bed with her legs splayed widely.  Her eyes were closed and her tongue was licking her lips as she talked to her doll.  The poor doll's face was flying back and forth and up and down in the little girl's hairless crotch as she masturbated.  Phillip let his rigid tool slip back inside his shorts for a moment, then knelt beside the bed.

"Hi, Sissy," he said softly.

That child must be destined for Hollywood for the performance she gave.  Her eyes flew open and she turned to stone in mid-pussy-stroke ( I actually think she may have forgotten the plot as she enjoyed her jackoff session).  After a frozen moment in time she moved as if to cover herself, grabbing the coverlet and dragging it up.

Phillip stopped her by putting his hand on her thigh, about four inches from her little pussy.  "Sissy, I'll leave if you want me to and I'll never tell anyone what I saw.  But I heard what you said about wanting me to come in and what you wanted me to do to you.  If you really mean it, I want to, too."

"Really?  I didn't think you would hear me," she lied.  "I don't know...  what did you hear?"

He started to massage her thigh gently.  "I heard you say you wanted me to come in here and kiss your pussy.  You said you wanted a real person with a real tongue to lick you down there instead of just a doll,"  he responded, moving his hand a little higher, ever closer to the tempting prize.  "You said if I would, then you would kiss my dick."

"And you really want us to do that?"

"Oh, yes, Sissy, I would really, really like to kiss and lick your pussy," the teenager said as his fingers brushed softly against the child's vulva.  "And I would really, really like it if you want to kiss and lick on my dick, too.  How about it?  Do you want to?  Spread your legs again and show it to me, please?  Can I at least see it?"

"Well, I guess, as long as it doesn't hurt and you stop if I tell you to," she conceded.

"Oh, yes, I promise!"

"Well, OK then."  The lovely little nine-year-old nymphet opened her legs to his gaze.  He reached out and stroked her hairless mound gently.  Then his head bent down and he buried his face in the child's cunt.  Melissa grabbed her legs behind the knee and pulled them to her chest.

"Oh, yes, oh, yes, it feels so good, keep licking, keep licking, oh yes it's good, soooo gooood, yeah, yeah, now stick your tongue in my hole, yeah, fuck me with your tongue big brother, eat me, eat my pussy, yeah, make me cum in your mouth, Yes, Yes, YES, YES, OH YEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS, IIIIIIIIIIIII'MMMMMMMMMM
CCCCCCCCCCCCCCUUUUUUUUUMMMMMMMMMMINGGGGGGG!!!!!!!!!!"

The thought of her big brother eating her tiny pussy must have really turned her on for the little girl to have cum that quickly!

"Yeah, yeah, keep licking and sucking that pussy, bubba, eat it out good, suck my cum out and swallow it, oh yeah, oh yeah, here it comes again, OH, GOD, OH, GOD, I'M
GONNA, I'M GONNA CUM AAAAAAAAGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAIIIIIIIAAAAAANNN!!!"

The sweet child bowed her back and her chubby buns arched from the bed as she rose to a crescendo of erotic pleasure.  Her hips shook and spasmed as her big brother's tongue danced across the sensitive bud of her engorged clitoris, circling, circling, ever faster, ever harder; then stiffening and plunging as deeply into the center of the child as was possible, until in a final blast of sensation, the little subteen sex machine again flooded her brother's mouth with her delicious spend.

Having enjoyed two orgams back to back had exhausted Melissa.  Her eyes were barely open and she appeared almost catatonic as she enjoyed the afterglow.  Phillip, however, did not understand the delay in his pleasure.  He stood up, lowered his shorts and stepped out of them.  Melissa did not seem to even notice.  Shrugging, he skinned off his jockeys to reveal his still distended cock, the head glistening in precum.

Looking at his baby sister in disappointment, Phillip said, "Look, Melissa, I'm naked now, too.  Don't you want to see me and see my dick?  Have you ever seen a guy's dick before?  Have you ever put one in your mouth and sucked on it?  Please suck on my cock, Melissa!  I kissed and licked your pussy like you wanted, so it's my turn now."

He moved to the head of the bed and Melissa, starting to recover, turned her head toward him and smiled.  "That sure is BIG!" she told him.  He visibly swelled with pride.

"I don't think it will fit in my mouth, do you?""Let's try and see!"The nine-year-old darling kissed the tip, grasping the log in her fingers.  Her tiny hand could not encircle the tool and her fingers did not meet.  She leaned her head in and let the tip of her tongue snag the bulb of precum hanging from the tip.  She let it string out from her pouty bottom lip back to the head of his dick.  She sucked it into her mouth and smeared it across her lips with her tongue.  She went back for another taste.

"Mmmmmm, I like this," she said, her tongue now encircling the head.  "This is fun!  Does it feel good for you, Phillip?""Ohhhhhh, yeeeeesssssss!" her brother replied.  "Don't talk, SUCK!"

"Oooooooooo, somebody's horny... guess I better pay attention to this big old dick..." she slurped.  "Guess I better see if I can get it to spurt its stuff out at me...  Whadda ya think, Phillip, do you want to make it squirt cum all over me?  Hmmmm?"  Every time the child's head would bob up to take a breath, she added to the monologue.  "Yeah, I wanna make this big thing cum, mmmmmmmm, it tastes so good... I bet the cum tastes even better when it comes out."

Phillip was leaning over the bed now, fucking his eight inches of boytoy into his baby sister's mouth.  At first she could only fit the head in her mouth, but by now she had become used to the size and was letting more of the shaft enter her hot mouth on each stroke.  She never did get all of it in her throat, but she gave it a great try.

"Oh, yeah, big brother, I want to make it shoot, c'mon now, squirt it in my mouth,"  she said, jacking her hand up and down as she took a breath.  "I want you to spurt your cum in my mouth and y'know what?  If you do, I'm gonna swallow every drop.  I'm gonna eat your cum, big bubba, fill my belly now!"That put the young boy over the edge.  His body stiffened as his sperm began to bubble up from his balls.  With one final lunge into his baby sister's throat, the boy unloaded his juice into her throat.  Melissa's jaws worked and we could see her swallowing again and again as she drank down her brother's cum.  His teenage load was too much to handle and we could see the white curds of sperm squeezing out around her tiny red lips.  I hated to do it to Phillip, but it was time.  I pushed the door open silently and the twins and I snuck up behind him.

"Well, well, well, what have we here?" Cheri said as she clamped her hands down on Phillip's shoulders, turning him toward us.  With his dick still in Melissa's throat, he froze, looking for all the world like a deer caught in headlights. 

We let him stew for a few moments.  You could see the wheels turning in his head as he searched for some rational explanation for having his penis firmly imbedded in his nine-year-old sister's throat.

"Seems like you've been having some fun, big brother!" Cherie taunted.  "Lily Palm and her five sisters not good enough for you anymore, huh?  You wanna squirt your cum someplace besides your hand?"

Phillip was still at a loss for words, but pulled his now-deflated cock from Melissa's lips.  I saw her hide a big grin as she enjoyed her brother's discomfort.  He bent down to pull up his pants but Myra Ellen stopped him.  "Oh, no, bubba," she told him.  "You don't get off that easy.  You've been a very bad boy, sticking your thing in Sissy's mouth like that and who knows what else you've done to her, probably licked her pussy or something!"

Phillip started at that, thinking his sister must be a mind-reader.  "Yeah, Phillip, we're going into our room and give you what you deserve.  Mike is here to make sure you don't resist."  Phillip looked at me strangely, wondering why I was involved and how I came to be in their house.  

"I think you better do as they say, son," I told him, looking severe.  "They mean business."

The teenage booy shook his head as his sisters propelled him into their room.  Myra Ellen pushed him down on the queen-sized bed shared by the twins, then turned to rummage in a drawer.  She came back with a pair of white little-girl leotards.

"I was going to give these to Sissy because they're too small for me, but I guess this is a better use."  She looped the legs through the bedrails at the head, then used them to tie her brothers hands.

"Mine are too little too, so I'll use them on his feet.  OH! And look what I found!"  Cherie said as she held up the bottoms to a swimsuit.  "This should work great for a blindfold."

The suit was also obviously too small to restrain her gorgeous behind, because when she pulled the bottom over her brother's head it looked almost like one of those masks so-called "professional" wrestlers wear.  It was stretched tightly over his head and eyes, extending down over his nose but still allowing him to breathe.  There was no chance he could see what was happening.  Just to make sure, Myra Ellen went to the window and closed the shade, dimming the room.

The clothes evaporated from the twins.  One minute they were fully clothed and the next they were bare.  Phillip lay submissive in the center of the bed.  His twin sisters kneeled on the bed on either side of him, looking down at the flacid tool in his lap.

"Gee, M.E., this thing doesn't look like anything to make a fuss about!"  Cherie said, taking a light slap at his dick.  "It looked kinda big in Sissy's mouth, but it's really just a little-bitty old thing."

















--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

http://www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....




