========
Newsgroups: alt.sex.stories
Subject: REPOST - Kathie, The Teenage Neighbor (teen,oral, anal)
From: Nite@Writer.com (NiteWriter)
Date: Thu, 13 Feb 1997 03:51:13 GMT

This is intended for adults 21 and over only. If you are offended by
graphic descriptions of a sexual nature, please, don't read this or
download it.

If this is illegal where ever you are reading this stop now.




Kathie - The Teenage Neighbor


by NiteWriter


I can remember the day about six months ago when the new neighbors
moved in. They were a couple I would say in their mid thirties and
their sixteen year old daughter. I saw them move most of their stuff
in as I always spend alot of time working in the yard on the lawn or
trimming the shrubbery. I always managed to find some project to work
on to keep me busy. I couldn't help noticing the daughter. From a
distance she appeared to be a rather cute looking girl. 

In the past six months I haven't had the pleasure of meeting the new
neighbors since they aren't at home very much. They both have jobs
which apparently occupy alot of their time. Their daughter Kathie was
always at home after school until her parents finished work, usually
by 6:30 or 7:00 o'clock in the evening. For a few weeks Kathie would
say hello or wave to me when she saw me working in the back yard. As
time passed we began having short conversations about what I was doing
and she would tell me about how she liked her new school. 

One day last week, Kathie came home as usual to her empty house. When
I saw her come outside she had on a short black skirt and a halter
top. It was then I realized how attractive this sixteen year old girl
really was. She's about 5'3" tall weighing only about 100 pounds. For
a young petite little thing she had the cutest pert breasts being held
within that halter top. Her face has the cutest most darling features
you've ever seen with her short brown hair just above her shoulders
cut in a bang style. And what spectacular smooth tanned legs she has
for a sixteen year old as I stared at her sitting in the lounge chair
in her back yard. As I worked I kept staring at her admiring her
darling little body. How is I didn't notice her beauty before. One
time when she shifted her body in the chair I could see the white of
her panties underneath her skirt. 

I kept watching her for a least a half hour when I noticed Kathie
squirmimg around a lot. From where I was it looked like her hand was
under her skirt in her crotch. Was she masturbating herself? My eyes
were fixed on her trying to see what she was doing. Then all of a
sudden she sat up seeing me staring right at her. She quickly stood up
and ran into her house. 

About five minutes later she came back out walking over to me. 

"I'm so embarressed," she said. I was daydreaming and didn't realize
where I was and what I was doing.  I was thinking about this boy at
school. I think he likes me." 

Actually I was surprised she was able to talk about what she was
doing. Maybe she looked innocent, but inside there was a young
sexually unleashed hot woman.

"Do you like touching yourself like that? I asked. 

 Her face got real red, blushing in front of me stumbling to answer, "
Uhh!!!!...........  Uhhh!!!!...............  well, yes I
do............. Once I start I can't stop."  
"I've heard some of my friends talk about having sex with their
boyfriends and how good it feels, but I'm afraid to."

"Why are you afraid?" I asked.

" I wouldn't now what to do. I've never done it before. I need someone
to show me."  

"Did............did..... you like watching me?" she asked very shyly.

"Yes, I did." "You're a very pretty girl." 

"Would
you...................uh!!!!!!!!!!!.......would......................No
I can't.............

Kathie turned away from me and I touched her arm asking,  "what's the
matter?" "You obviously want to say something."

"Well,..... uh!!!!!!....... I was going to say,.....Would you show me
what to do." 

Kathie turned away again, then looked back.
 
"You've always been so nice. I know you wouldn't hurt me." "My parents
don't get home for three hours. We could do it now and you could teach
me."

I was shocked at what she asked. I froze not knowing how to respond.
After all, she was only sixteen years old. I thought to myself, "I
hope I don't regret this" and took Kathie's hand pulling her towards
my house. I couldn't believe I was going to do this. We went up to my
bedroom where I sat her on the bed. I positioned myself next to her
and gently kissed her saying, "just relax, Kathie." "I not going to do
anything to hurt you. I'm only going to show you how good you can
feel. She was completely at ease and apparently eager to learn what
this sex thing was all about

I ran my fingers over her delectable little body stopping to untie her
halter top. As it fell away exposing her breasts, I was amazed how
full and firm they were for such a young girl. My eyes fixed on her
large dark nipples. I touched them lightly with one finger, then
cupped her breasts in my hands feeling their soft fullness. I leaned
forward gently sucking them into my mouth. Kathie closed her eyes
enjoying the sensation of my tongue licking as her nipples became
erect. 

I unbuttoned her skirt and pulled it from her hips down her gorgeous
legs. Her white panties were snug on her rear end. Her tiny firm ass
was so cute being held by the skin tight material. I slipped two
fingers inside the waistband of her underwear peeling them off her,
completely exposing her petite body.  She sat there with a little
scared look as I gazed upon her magnificent figure. This was sixteen
years old, I thought to myself?

"You're beautiful, Kathie. Do you know that?"
"You could have any man you would want." 

The compliments put her at ease. She took a deep breath and asked,

"What do I do now?"

"Just lean back and enjoy what I do to you." I replied.

Kathie layed back on the bed with her legs still down on the floor. I
slowly parted her thighs admiring the pinkness of her young tender
slit as it became more exposed. I brushed my fingers acrossed it and
began gently fingering her virgin cunt. Once I saw her start to repond
to my touch, I moved my tongue in between her legs. Her cunt was
soaked.  I licked the dripping juices from this virgin sixteen year
old pussy tasting the built up sweetness from within her burning hole.
My tongue found her harden clit which I rapidly tongued, then I slowly
shoved a finger into her hot drenched hole. As soon as my finger
entered her hole, Kathie tightened her legs as an orgasm ripped
through her. She moaned with delight with the feel of her first man
made orgasm. 

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!! " "Ohhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!!!"  Kathie moaned, as
she was lost in a delirium of her new found feelings. 

Once her pleasure subsided I spread her legs wider to place my nine
inch cock at her tight virgin entrance. Kathie never said a word as I
dominated her body positioning it for her first fuck. I pushed ever so
slowly penetrating her warm juicy slit with the head of my cock and
breaking into her sealed hole for the first time . Her young cunt was
so tight around my cockhead. Kathie let out a deep sigh as she
experienced another new sensation. I pushed further into her tight hot
hole. I could feel every inch of her warm pussy as it wrapped around
my cock. Deeper and deeper I sank into her boiling cunt until
gradually my entire length was in her. 

"Ohhhhhhh!!! It feels so good." Kathie moaned out.

Slowly I pulled back out watching her soft cunt flesh hug my cock as I
withdrew. Then pushing back in again brought more moaning from this
sweet young thing. Over and over I slowly fucked Kathie's hot tight
cunt until I knew she was on the verge of another orgasm. I had her in
my arms kissing her sweet lips as I continued pumping my hips forcing
my big cock in and out of her tiny wet fuckhole. Then I sunk into her
fully, burying my hard cock to the hilt. She grabbed around my waist,
her whole body shaking from the waves of her orgasm, as she came
again. 

I backed out asking her to get on her knees so I could do her from
behind. My cock ached as she positioned her cute little ass in front
of me. I could see right into her asscrack. I had to pause for a
moment to admire her tiny pink asshole. I inserted my cock back into
her dripping cunt and fucked her some more. She started responding
again as my hard cock drove in and out. Then I stroked my finger up
her crack and touched her asshole. Gently I played with her tiny
puckered opening. 

"Do you like me touching you there, Kathie? 

"Oh, yes. It feels so........ good."she replied.

"Do you want me to keep doing it?

"Uh huh, please don't stop."

"Okay, just stay relaxed the way you are. I'm going to push my finger
in a little."

I quickly grabbed the tube of KY jelly on my night table and spread a
lot into her crack. Then I easily pushed the tip of my finger into her
anal hole. She tightened for a moment, but then relaxed her ass again.

"That's it. How does that feel?" I asked.

"It nice. It feels good." Kathie responded.

I was still fucking her cunt while I pushed my finger deeper into her
ass. The lubrication made it easy to work my finger in all the way,
but she sure was tight. Kathie sighed again. Was she liking this anal
penetration?

"Kathie, I'm going to try my cock in there, Okay?

"It won't hurt, will it?" She asked.
"I wouldn't do that to you," I sincerely replied.  "Just stay relaxed
the way you are and let me do everything. I want you to experience it
in your other hole  too."

"But your cock is so big," Kathie whispered worried it might hurt.

I withdrew my finger from her butthole. I leaned to her ass and kissed
her lightly in several places on her buttocks. Then I spread her
cheeks apart and placed my cock on her asshole. I smeared some more
lubricant on her back entrance and some on my cock. I started applying
pressure against her asshole. This was not going to be easy getting my
big cock inside Kathie's tiny tight virgin asshole. My cock looked
immense next to the tiny hole it was about to enter. I didn't want to
hurt her and forever keep her from the pleasure of anal fucking. I
pushed a little harder and started to feel her anal opening spread.
Then I pushed just a little harder and her bunghole opened up
swallowing the head of my cock.

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!! It's so big." 

"Are you Okay, Kathie"

"Yes, Yes...... It's okay,.... It's so..... big."

I pulled my cock out and then slipped the head back in again. I
repeated probing her tight asshole several times so she could get used
to the feeling of having her asshole penetrated. Then I began the
journey into her tiny virgin ass. I wondered if I could fit my entire
length inside her cute little bum. My cock inched along penetrating
deeper and deeper.

"Ohhhhhhhhhh!!!!  It's feels so big." "It's so big."

I didn't stop. I fingered her cunt while I kept forcing more cock up
her anal hole. 

Ohhhhhhhh!!!!!........Ohhhhhhhh!!!!!...................
Ohhhhhhhhh!!!!!
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!!
"Don't stop." "Push it in more." It's feels so good."

I couldn't believe it. She like my cock in her ass. I never would have
thought a sixteen year old teenage girl would so willingly submit her
ass to me. I was a little over half way in and she wants more. I
pushed in deeper finally forcing all nine inches in her bunghole. I've
never felt an ass this tight before. Her tight virgin teenage asshole
felt incredible gripping my hot cock. What a sight seeing her cute
little butt in the air with my huge tool buried inside. I can only
imagine how she felt having her asshole stretched that wide. Very
slowly I started fucking her tight ass. What an amazing sensation
feeling her anal ring snug around my cock as I pushed in and out. I
only fucked her a short time. I couldn't keep it up long without
cumming in her and I didn't want to over work this tiny ass too much.
So, I pulled out of her rectum watching her anal hole close right up. 

I told Kathie to turn around. I wiped off the KY jelly that was still
on my cock and tried to clean it up as best I could.  It was time for
an oral lesson.

"I want you take my cock in your mouth, Kathie" "I want you to suck
me, okay" 
"When I cum, it's okay to swallow it. I want you to see what it tastes
like. Alright?"

Kathie was quite receptive to my request and didn't question me at
all. She took the head of my cock between her lips licking the head.
Then she slipped a few inches in her mouth. It felt so nice having her
hot young mouth around my dick. She held the base of my shaft with her
hand and gently jerked me in and out across her lips. I held her head
pulling her closer to go deeper in her mouth. She took me in further
until I started hitting the back of her throat. That was as far as she
could take it. 

My cock was rock hard as she pumped me in and out fucking her cute
face. I couldn't take any more watching my cock sliding in and out of
those precious lips.  I started cumming. First a spurt exploded in her
mouth surprising her with the quantity. She backed off with some of
the sperm dripping out of her mouth down her chin. Then a second shot
splashed right across her lips coating them white with the sticky
cream. She opened her mouth just in time for the third and fourth
streams as it shot between her wide opened lips. The inside of her
mouth was full with my hot sticky jism hanging from the roof of her
mouth dripping down to the gobs already covering her tongue. My orgasm
continued as more cum dribbled from the end of my cock. I smeared it
across her cheeks and forehead ending up with my cock in her mouth. 

Kathie pulled my cock out and I could see the movement of her tongue
inside her mouth feeling the warm sticky fluid. Then she delicately
swallowed my fresh load of hot cream. Kathie parted her lips and I
could still see some white cum strands sticking to her mouth as she
licked the sperm on her lips with her tongue. She was so precious
watching her eat my cum. As she looked at me her tongue kept searching
for remains of my sperm still on her face in hopes of a final taste. I
leaned to her giving her a long passionate kiss smearing the leftover
cum all over her face.

I cleaned her up and helped her get dressed. Kathie said she would
never forget her first time. Neither will I.  We still talk everyday
outside and she doesn't blush anymore when the subject is about sex.
Now I wonder if the boy she liked in school has had the pleasure yet
of having her terrific body. She probably will be teaching him.

------------------------------------------------
end       Comments Welcome




--NiteWriter

