     Here I am, 17 years of age, a year before I am on my own with no I
idea of what I am going to do.  Mom says college, but, there is no way
that would be possible financially.  She says that she has raised me
and my younger sister alone and that she would finish the job.  My
sister Sue, 16, is herself reaching her point of maturity.  As her
brother I never did think she was all that hot, but lately looking more
closely I am seeing things that I never realized about her before.

     I had seen her one evening after she had showered and maybe she
did not realize it but the door to the bathroom was slightly ajar.  I
could see her in the mirror while walking down the hall.  She was
toweling her self off and I could see her large developed breasts as
she wiped them.  She moved the towel lower drying herself as she went
until she came to her pubic mound.  There she seemed to dry a little
bit longer.  She seemed to have a glassy look in her eyes as she rubbed
herself.  She looked up and saw me watching her in the mirror.  Quickly
she tried to cover herself and closed the door.

     My mother had divorced my father when I was 3 and I do not
remember anything about him.  She never heard from him since.  She has
tried to have different boyfriends but my sister and I always seemed to
get in the way.  She just seemed to resign herself to raising us by
herself.  My mother is, in my eyes at least, a very beautiful woman.
She has a figure that would make most other 35 year old woman green
with envy.  I could never understand why she was never able to stay
with one person very long.  I had never seen her like I had my sister
but I have always dreamed of such a moment.

     One night my mother had to work late leaving me to keep an eye on
sis.  We both were in the family room watching t.v.  Sue setting on the
floor and myself lying on the couch.  I had ordered a pizza so as not
to have to worry about trying to make anything for dinner.  While we
waited for the pizza to be delivered Sue decided to go take a shower.
When she had finished she came into the room dressed in a bath robe.  I
had already started on my pizza, which had already been delivered, and
Sue came over to get a piece.  She bent down in front of me not
realizing the front of the bath robe had fallen partially open. I could
see her mature, full ripe breasts as her robe fell away from her body.
"Don't get any on the carpet or mom'll kill us", I said.  She looked up
at me, noting where my eyes were glued, and realized that I had
different things on my mind besides pizza.  She got up quickly taking
her dinner and turned away heading for the love seat.  Was there a
slight smile on the edges of her mouth?

     Mom came home around 11 p.m. and looked as though she would
collapse on the spot.  I got up a took from her the different packages
that she was caring.  "Go sit on the couch and I will put these away" I
told her.  "You look like death warmed over".  She sat down heavily on
the sofa removing her shoes.  She started to rub her feet but I came
over and took over.  "Here let me do that", I said while gently taking
hold of her feet.  With light pressure I began working on her toes and
moving to the arch.  I looked up and noticed she had laid her head back
and closed her eyes.  Sue said that she was going to bed and would see
us in the morning.

     I continued working on her feet and started moving up mom's calves
using light but constant pressure.  I thought I heard a moan coming
from her and could almost feel her begin to relax.  "You're a good boy
Joe.  You always did know what I needed the most and when".  I moved to
the other foot and my eyes moved up noticing how her skirt had begun to
move up exposing her thighs.  I also noticed that mom did not wear
those garters or weird under garments for holding things in.  All she
wore were thin, almost see through panties.  I could see the outlines
of her cunt hairs through her flimsy wear.  A growing sensation began
down in my crotch which brought me to my senses.  It was at this point
that I was determined that some day I would have to get into those
panties.  I slowly, but hoping that she would not notice, started to
work my hands up to her calves.   I rubbed her right calf feeling the
tension run out of them.  Onward I moved up to her knee and rubbed all
the tension out of them too.  I could see that she had parted her legs
just a little , maybe unknowingly, to allow me more freedom with her
legs.  I slowly started to rub her thighs and could see her pussy more
easily once I started this.  Both my hands moved between her legs
brushing both inner thighs.  I looked up and saw her lips part just
slightly as this happened.  I could feel her start to squirm as I moved
closer to her pussy.  I began to rub the outside of her panties as she
opened her legs even wider.  I felt the lips of her pussy as I rubbed
the full area of her cunt.  I could hear her breathing start to quicken
as my rubbing started to increase speed.  I slipped a finger underneath
the outer edge of her panties and slowly inserted it into her moist
cunt.  Probing in and out of her pussy I started to slip another finger
in when she quickly raised her head and tried to close her legs.  I
backed off as she pulled down her skirt trying to hide her blushing
face.  I did not say anything but apologized and got up and headed for
my room to go to bed.  I kind of felt ashamed of what had just happened
and decided that this was something that should never have happened.
Tomorrow was Sunday so I wanted to get up early and get some things
finished around the house.  She gave me that motherly kiss and I
retired to my bedroom.

     On the way down the hall I noticed that Sue's light was still on
so I lightly tapped on her door.  There was no answer so I opened it in
order to turn off the light.  What I saw stopped me in my tracks.  No
wonder sis couldn't hear me.  Lying on her bed she had her knees folded
up and was trying to push a huge vibrator into her cunt.  I watched
with fascination as she pushed and pulled that thing in and out of the
folds of her pussy.  She removed it and started rubbing it back and
forth along the folds of her vagina.  With her other hand she was
squeezing her left tit while slowly rocking her head from one side to
the other.  I could tell by her quickening movements that she was about
to come. I felt my own manhood begin to throb and grow to it's maximum
length.  I began to wish it was me between her legs instead of the
mechanical toy.  Her hand quickly moved down to her ass and she shoved
a finger into her brown opening at the same time re-inserting the dildo
slightly into her.  Her back arched and the whole bed began to shudder.
A low grown came from her throat as she began to climax.  Faster and
faster she pumped her slick pussy.  I could not stand much more. I
quietly closed the door and retreated to my room.  I immediately began
to rub my cock for some sort of relief.  I began to imagine I was the
one pounding sis's rich young cunt. After I came I cleaned up and
retired for the night.
I thought that I had heard similar sound coming from mom's room next to
mine.

     The following morning I was up bright and early.  I moved around
as quiet as I could knowing this was the only day that mom did not have
to work.  I went outside to do some work in the garage.  I climbed up
on top of the work bench in order to get to one off the top shelves
in order to get some tools down for some yard work.  Fumbling around I
almost fell but suddenly I felt a pair of hands grab me around my
waist.  I looked down and saw mom standing there with a smile on her
lips.  "I would not want you fall and possibly hurt the only person who
could work on my feet like you can."  I turned around and suddenly
realized that the zipper of my jeans was directly in front of my mom's
face.  A sudden vision of my cock filling her mouth brought redness to
my face.  She looked up with a puzzled look and started to move her
hands away.  I started climbing down and as I moved forward her hand
rubbed against my now hard bulge. Hoping she didn't notice I climbed
down and continued outside.

     Mom followed me out.  "Why don't we have a barbecue later on
tonight after your done?"  I said that would be a good idea and would
get the grill ready.  "Come in the house when your done.  There is
something I need you to take care of when you are done." she said.
"Sure." was my reply.  Mom stood there a little while longer watching
me while I went to work.  After a bit she turned and went into the
house.

     Later that day I finished what I was doing and went inside to get
something to drink.  In the kitchen sis was sitting at the table
spicing up some chicken intended for the barbecue.  "Have a good nights
rest?" she asked as I entered the room.  I kind of turned a little red
at that remark wondering if she had known that I was standing at her
doorway last night.  "Fine." I replied as I poured a glass of juice.  I
could swear she had a small smile as I left the kitchen.  I passed mom
on the way out to the garage and told her that I would start the fire
as soon as I put everything away that I was using.  "I think I should
help you just so you don't fall again." she said following me into the
garage.  I climbed up on top of the workbench taking the tools from her
and started to arrange them on the shelves that they had come from.
Again I felt her hands proceede around my waist.  This time my back was
to her so there would be no repetition of what happened this morning.
I became aware of her hands intentionally advancing down to the front
of my jeans.  They stopped at my belt and she immediately undid my
buckle.  I just froze there to embarrassed to think straight.  It was
getting hard to do since I instantly became aware that my penis had
started to ache.  Mom un-snapped my jeans and purposely unzipped my
fly.  I just stood there hopeful that this would be as far as things
would go.  But my wishes were not to be answered.  She pulled down my
jeans far enough to expose my briefs.  I felt her hands progress down
underneath my underwear halting at my penis.  Her long fingers wrapped
themselves around my cock and began to stroke it gently.  She pulled
down my briefs and laid her head just above my buttocks.  I could feel
her hot breath against my back quicken as she started to rub my cock
with more freedom.  I spun around with my enraged meat directed in a
instant at her plentiful lips.  "This could not be happening to me" I
thought as I just stood there.  My brain screamed disapproval but my
hands reached down to the back of my own mother's head and started
guiding her lips towards my penis.  "No Joe, I have gone to far.  We
absolutely should not be doing this mmmmphh.." she said as my cock cut
off her closing words as it passed through her lips.  "No Joe, I am
urging you to stop now. I am fearful that mmmph.." she mumbled as I
forced my prick farther into her mouth.  I could feel my knees begin to
tremble as I recognized that a fantasy has just come true.  I had my
cock in my own mother's mouth.  With that assurance I thrust a little
harder driving my enraged mechanism farther into her mouth.  I could
feel her teeth as they ran down the frame of my essence.  Her lips
strained wider and wider the deeper my cock penetrated.  Having a firm
hold of her head with both hands, I started pumping my load in and out
not wanting to strangle her.  My balls swaying wildly in mid air as my
penis disappeared and reappeared.  Her hands moved around to my thighs
trying to force me off.  That only seemed to compel me to want to
guarantee I was firmly imbedded in her mouth.  I took a solid hold from
behind her head and pushed unmercifully.  I felt her tongue along my
shaft as it penetrated deeper towards her throat.  She began to breath
through her nose when my cock entered into her throat.  I stopped and
geared for an ultimate attack into her throat.  She looked up at me and
as my eyes met hers I lunged burying her face into my cock hairs.  My
balls slapped her chin as the last of my 10 inches buried itself as far
as it would go.  At that point I felt as though I had lost all
discipline of my control.  I withdrew a little, and regarded a sense of
relaxation in my mother's eyes but saw them go wide when I slammed back
down her throat.  In and out I packed my ragging rod.  I could
apprehend the volatile slapping of my balls against her face.  "Go
ahead and drain it" I whispered. As a response I heard light choke as I
drove my penis deeper.

     I nevertheless could not conceive this.  In my own garage.  I am
motionless on top of a workbench pounding my cock into my mom' throat.
Ramming in and out was all my mind could envision.  I felt a frail
struggle on my shaft as my mother began to suck as I had had commanded
her to do.  I seems that she has surrendered to this consequence.  With
this I expanded my pounding. I felt her hands cautiously caress my
balls.  I could not resist it after that.  I could sense my balls
commence to boil, wanting to spray out all that was stored in them.  I
felt my cock start to lurch and I could tell my mother noticed it too.
She tried desperately to draw back but that was not to be.  I buried my
shaft deep into her throat when my pole began to drain.  I looked down
and met her eyes.  Eyes with that distressed look knowing what was
about to befall.

     I felt her gag at the initial extensive river of white fiery cum
as it poured into her throat.  Another pump of my cock and she closed
her eyes and began to whimper.  "Finish it", was all I said in
response.  Why I said that I don't understand.  My 10 inch brute was
buried so deep inside of her throat that my cum was nearly to her
stomach.  Throb after throb my penis emptied it's heaviness.  I did not
envision it would endure this long.  Her mouth began to fill with my
cum.  I could see a little cum overflow out the corner of her mouth.  I
began to draw back my cock so she would be able to swallow more
easily.  After the closing cataclysm of cum I felt my penis go limp and
withdrew my cock releasing her head at the same time.  She reached up
with the back of her arm to clean the cum from her chin and turned and
ran into the house.

     I quickly got dressed and followed her into the house.  As I
entered the kitchen sis asked me what was wrong with mom. I said that I
guess she must have eaten something that doesn't quite agree with her.
"What kind of plans do you have tonight?" I asked.  "Tommy said that he
has to watch his baby sister so he can't go out later so I guess that I
will be staying home again." she replied.   "The chicken is ready
whenever you are big brother" she said as she got up and went to her
room.

     I finished cooking up the chicken and went into the house finding
my mother preparing the rest of the meal in the kitchen.  "I don't
think that the earlier episode need be brought up again."  She said  "I
think that things started when they shouldn't have.  I really do not
blame you.  You are a growing boy with maturing needs that I seem to
have brought out."  "I agree." I said, trying to make her feel more at
ease with what had happened.

     After dinner sis and I resigned to the family room to relax and
watch t.v. while mom finished the dishes.  Sue said that she had
something to do and went into her bedroom.  That left me alone to
consider what my evening was going to turn out to be.  I got up and
went into the kitchen noticing that my mother had changed into a long
bath robe.  "Is there anything I can do to help?  I could dry the
dishes if you want" I suggested.  "If you would please" was her reply.
I looked around and found the towel hanging on the wall to the left
above the sink.  I reached over mom to get to it rubbing along her
buttocks.  It was something that I didn't mean to do but I could tell a
delicate intake of air from her as I did it.

     What happened after that I don't know why I did it.  I just
abandoned the towel and reached around with both hands cupping my mom's
breasts through her robe.  I began to work them kissing the back of her
neck.  I could feel her tense up as I continued to tweak at her
nipples.  My hands pulled apart her robe and her bare breasts jumped
out as if they were finally free.  I grabbed her tits again feeling
their softness and magnitude.  I began to tweak her nipples as I
continued kissing her neck.  One hand started to proceed lower across
her belly feeling her muscles tense to my casual stroke.  My cock began
to pulsate into it's entire span as my hand continued down to mom's
unshaven mound.  My fingers began to stroke the folds of her cunt
feeling the growing dampness encircling them.  She dropped her head
back against my shoulder as she began to gyrate her ass into my rock
hard mass.  I slipped one finger into her hole and felt her stiffen.
In and out I ran my finger, prepping her cunt for a good fucking.  I
inserted a second finger and began to work her juices around.  I could
sense her cunt muscles draw together with each probe.  With my other
hand I reached down, unbuckled and unzipped my jeans letting them slide
to the floor.  The head of the 10 inch tool popped out above my briefs
as if it were trying to liberate itself.  I pulled down the front of my
briefs letting the monstrosity shoot out touching her buttocks.  I then
reached down and lifted the back of her robe up across her shoulders
exposing her smooth white ass.  I reached about and pulled her slightly
away from the kitchen sink and pushed her over so her sopping cunt was
open to my easy inspection.  She parted her legs so my admittance would
be easier and grabbed the edge of the sink.  My penis stood poised just
beyond of her vaginal lips prepared for an immediate passage.

     I could hear her suck in air as my cock began it's 10 inch
excursion.  She was much tighter than I had anticipated.  I then
realized that she had both me and Sue by cesarean section.  Her cunt
had never been stretched.  It was still in the same contour as though
she had just forfeited her virginity.  I was astounded at her
tightness.  I pushed harder, deliberately burying my enormous tool.  I
pulled back ever so slightly and rammed unmercifully burying all 10
inches in her sopping cavity.  I initiated an unhurried but determined
pounding of my mother's pussy feeling my cock approach the perimeter of
her depth.  In and out I rammed.  I could hear silent whimpers as she
began to reach nearer to an orgasm.  I quickened my pace as she grew
nearer and nearer.  A subdued moan came from her throat as she came.  I
could feel my cock bolt as it started spewing it's load.  I rammed
relentlessly and deep as my ejaculations quickened.  Mom pushed hard
against me to accept all of my overflowing member.  A feeble cry left
her lips at her final orgasm.  When my rod finally completed pumping we
both just stood there letting ourselves capture our breathes.  I pulled
out and quickly dressed.  I turned and told her I thought that it was
time for me to get to bed.  I said goodnight and left.

     I laid in bed when I heard mom's shower running.  Her humming
signaled one of her happier moments.  I rolled over feeling content
that I had made my mother finally really happy.

     "Hey, hey sleepy heads, it's time got get up to the tunes of WJYZ"
was the first thing that I heard the next morning.  I reached over and
slapped the snooze hoping to get that nine more minutes before crawling
out.   I heard some rustling coming from my closet and immediately
jumped out of bed and crossed the room into my closet.  Quietly moving
to the back corner I shut the door behind me ensuring no light could
get through the tiny but very significant peep hole I had put in the
wall.  On the other side was my sister's room.  I just didn't set the
alarm just to get up out of bed for nothing.  I had situated the hole
just next to a wall fixture in case that if it were found it would look
as if someone had screwed up in the initial installation of the fixture
and never fixed up their mistake.  I pulled a plug out of my peep hole
and pressed my eye against it.  I could see across sis's room her
dresser mirror that enable me to be able to completely cover the whole
room.  In the reflection I could see my sister in her closet selecting
something to wear.  Her back was to me and she had already removed her
nightgown.  I could see her firm ripe buttocks as she stretched over
her head to retrieve a tank top hanging in the back of the closet.  She
turned around and started walking towards the mirror.  I could see her
full breasts, that she obviously inherited from mom.  Each nipple was
surrounded by a pink circle that helped to enhance the length of each
of her nipples.  Most girls her age has tiny pert tits that point
straight out and almost make you feel they can take an eye out.  Not
sis's.  Hers were full and round with just the right amount of sag to
them making them look full and ripe.  Her stomach was firm and smooth
all the way down to her triangle between her legs covering her mound.
She stood in front of the mirror holding the top in front of her making
sure that the fit would be right.  She laid it on her bed and picked up
a skirt she had already selected.  After inspecting that she laid it on
the bed next to the top.  Opening the dresser drawer she removed a pair
of hose and a pair of laced panties.  She sat down on the edge of her
bed and lifted one leg up across her other knee bringing her cunt to my
full view.  I had seen this scenario before but never tired of it.  She
started to pull on her stockings and when she reached her knee she
lifted her leg straight up in the air spreading her vaginal lips wide
for a better inspection.  After she had covered one leg she went
through the same routine with the other.  I could feel the bulge
between my legs get tight against my underwear as I watched.  No matter
how many times I had watched this I never grew tired of it.  When the
pair of hose were on she picked up her panties, standing up turning
around to face the bed.  She dropped them on the floor and when she
bent over to pick them up I could see her cunt lips from behind
bringing to mind my experience in front of the kitchen sink last night.
She put on her panties and continues to finish dressing herself.  With
the show over I retreated to my bedroom wishing I could get into those
panties.  But being brother and sister, in my mind, I did not think
that would ever happen.

     I walked out to the kitchen to get something to eat and saw Sue
come in from the family room.  "God", I thought, "She is hot".  I
wished that the brother and sister unwritten law never existed.  Her
breasts filled her tank top like it were two sizes too small.  I never
thought that I would ever think of sis like this but after these past
couple of days I almost began to forget about all those seemingly
unwritten rules.  "I seemed to have heard some kind of commotion coming
from the kitchen last night", she said as she walked over to the sink.
"I could swear that something was going on out here that might be just
a little naughty.  But knowing you I don't think that could ever
happen.  Besides that kind of thing is disgusting.  Kirk tried to play
around last time I went out with him but I would not let him.  Boys,
huh.  That's all you seem to think about.  Well I don't think that I
would ever let any man touch me."  I sat down in surprise as I listened
to my little sister go on and on.  My God, I think the little squirt is
a little bit on the dyke side.  That can't be.  It's was almost
embarrassing to think about it.  And what about last night?  Did she
really know something or was she just making a stab in the dark.  My
mind was racing madly as all these thought entered my brain.  I would
have to think about this hard.

     Just about that time mom walked in after getting ready for work.
Sue left saying that she had a date over at her girl friends, Kelley's
house.  I wanted to say something to mom but in a way I didn't think it
was my place.  Mom walked over behind me and said good morning.  I did
not seem to hear her as she talked.  "Hey sleepy head, I said good
morning."  I turned around quickly emptying my mind of previous
thoughts as soon as I saw my mother standing there.  See never seemed
to look this good.  She walked over to the counter and stopped in front
of the sink for a moment before continuing on to the counter.  "Well I
have to be getting off to work.  I wouldn't want to be late." she said.
I asked her if she wanted me to drive her in but she said that she
could take the bus.  I stood up as she walked over to me.  She put her
arms around me like always to give me a hug before leaving but this
time there something more in it.  Instead of the light peck on the
cheek she gave me a full kiss on the lips.  Instinctively, for some
unknown reason, my left arm encircled her waist as I returned her kiss.
My right hand ran up her side and stopped over her right breast.  I
gave it a little squeeze and could feel her inhale lightly.  She
released her hold on me, a bit red in the face and turned and left.
"Damn" I thought, "This could really become a habit around here."

     Almost immediately my thoughts returned to Sue.  What was
happening to her?  Was there anything I should, or for that matter,
could do about it?  That was something I was going to have to think on.

     A few hours later I got a phone call from Tommy asking if Sue was
around.  I told him she had gone out but should be back fairly soon.
He told me not to bother and to let her know that things are off.
"Cold bitch" were the last words he said before he hung up.  Well I
think that it was time that I took some steps towards finding out what
was going on with Sue.

     She got home about one hour later and went straight to her room
with a package.  I figured now was about the right time to put the old
closet back into operation. I heard her door close as I entered my room
and silently walked into my closet.  Removing the plug I took a look
and saw Sue starting to undress.  I still could not help but admire
that beautiful form of hers.  She quickly unwraped her packed removing
a grossly overgrown copy of a man's penis.  She proceeded to lay down
on her bed and began to run that monstrosity over her cunt.  faster and
faster she began to rub it.  I was wondering if she was going to try to
take it all.  She began to insert that thing into her vagina but
stopped just inside.  I could see a slight frown of pain on her face as
she tried to push that rubber cock into her.  "Damn she is still a
virgin." I thought.  When I thought about it I realized that she never
really did fuck herself even with that vibrator that I had seen her use
before.  Suddenly she got up and put that thing away in the bottom
drawer of her dresser.  She dressed quickly and left her bedroom.
Listening I heard her out in the kitchen.  I quickly walked into her
bedroom going right to where she had hidden that thing and took it.  "
My God," I thought.  No wonder she couldn't get that thing in.  It
looked like it would rip her apart.

     I then walked into the kitchen, going straight for the
refrigerator.  "Mom said that she was going to be late again tonight."
I casually mentioned.  "She said that she may be later than the other
night."  I asked her if she wanted something to eat but she just shook
me off so I went on into the family room for a night of television.
Sue walked by me and said that she was going to bed.

     After a couple of hours I woke with a start and realized that I
had fallen asleep.  I got up, turning off the television, and headed
for my bedroom.  I retrieved that rubber penis from my own hiding place
from inside my room and walked back out into the hallway.  Walking down
the hall I stopped just outside of Sue's room.  I slowly opened the
door and stepped in.  I looked across to the bed and noticed Sue laid
on her back with her left breast exposed showing the pink circle
surrounding her nipple.  Her head was turned to the left with her lips
just lightly parted.  Her breathing was constant and light as she slept
deeply.

     "Now was the time." I thought.  "Now is the time for me to act.  I
felt I had to try show her what true man and woman fucking was really
like.

     I quietly moved across the room moving to the side of the bed
where Sue laid.  I moved slowly and quietly as not to wake her.  Not
yet.  I approached her bed unbuckling my pants as I grew near.  My
knees began to shake and my whole body seemed to melt.  I could not
belive that I was here getting ready to do this.  I was only inches
away when I had to take a deep breath to take control of my shaking.  I
started to unzip my jeans but found it difficult to hold on to the
zipper with the feebleness I seemed to have in my fingers.  Setting the
fake cock down on the bedside table, I lowered my pants to the floor
and noticed the head of my 10 inch cock projecting out of the top of my
underwear.  I pulled down the front of my underwear and my rod sprang
free pointing frontward towards the treasure it seemed to recognize.
Here I was my cock directed right at a mouth I intended to assault.

     I inched closer to the bed taking hold of my heavy shaft guiding
it towards unsuspecting lips.  As I approached the bed I could detect
her light breathing only making me more determined to go through with
this.  My whole body seemed to liquefy in anticipation of what was
about to befall.  I could sense her heated breath on my pole as I grew
closer to her.  I placed my knees up next to the edge of the bed to
hopefully brace myself.

     A crystalline bead had formed on the pinnacle of my rod and as I
touched her undermost lip with the tip of my heap.  The droplet stuck
to it so when I pulled back a clear string hung from my mass to her
lip.  Wiping the clear slick liquid around the plentiful head of my
penis I hoped that it would aid in the insertion between her pliable
lips so she would be as oblivious of what was happening as I could
conceivably keep her.  I touched both her bottom and top lips with the
peak of my cock stopping to observe that she still was not conscious of
what was happening to her.  I cautiously pushed the head of my meat in
between her lips feeling their moistened warmth.  I stopped and looked
at her with my the head of my cock slightly between her lips.  God I
hoped that I did not come then and there.  My knees felt weak with
excitement.  I continued my entrance until the thick head of my meat
was halfway in.  I could feel the texture of her teeth against my cock
as I continued my entrance.  Her teeth became a barricade that I
thought would stop my advance.  I was determined to finish what I had
initiated so I pushed a little harder and her teeth parted allowing my
cock to proceed on it's journey.  I could feel her teeth around the
head of my meat as it passed through them.  The wearing down sensation
thrilled me even more.  My knees began to tremble so violently I had to
stop, suddenly fearing that the trembling of her bed would awaken her.
I took another long and silent deep breath before proceeding.  I could
see her lips open wider and wider the deeper I penetrated.  Then
finally the whole head of my cock disappeared from view.  I wanted to
make one final push but decided against it and just to take it slowly
at first.  I started the pressure on my fertile shaft again and could
feel her teeth sliding down the sides of my cock.  I felt her tongue
warm against it's head as my penis continued to it's destination, the
sides of her cheeks crowding around my shaft.  I look down and noticed
how white her lips had become as they strained to allow more and more
of my cock access into her mouth.  I stopped when half of my meat was
in and I noticed that she had begun to breath through her nose since my
penis had completely swollen her mouth.  The warmth of her exhales
blowing across my thick shaft.  I just stood there looking down and not
believing that I had actually slid my rod into her mouth without her
even knowing it!  Ever so slowly I began to move my raging penis in and
out of her mouth.  I continued this for what seemed like a lifetime.  I
could just about feel the back side of her throat.  But the more that I
watched I could not stand it any longer.  I did not want to spoil this
by blowing my load right then and there.  But all of a sudden, due to
my excitement, my knees started to shake again.  I didn't think that
this time I would be able to calm myself.  I could feel the bed begin
to lightly shake and noticed that Sue had begun to stir and I thought I
saw her eyes begin to open.  I felt her tongue begin to move around the
sides of my rock hard penis.  It was now or never.  One ultimate thrust
and I would be closer to my final destination.

     Her eyes suddenly opened wide in surprise as my cock quickly slid
down her throat.  She tried to say something as if unaware that she had
a pulsing cock buried deep down into her throat.  I quickly reached
down and placed my free hand on the back of her head so as to keep her
in place if she tried to pull back.  She looked up at me in realization
as I pulled her head forward at the same time ramming my cock farther
down her throat.  I could feel her face as it was pressed into my cock
hairs.  I heard her whimper so I began to slightly pull out and as
I did she relaxed just a little sensing some relief from this attack
but I slammed my penis deeper into her throat, slapping her chin with
my enlarged hairy balls.  I began to pick up my motion as I felt that I
was firmly implanted.  Faster and faster I pumped my thickening penis
in and out of her wet throat.  She seemed to be still unaware of what
was going on except that there was this enlarged hunk of meat sliding
in and out of her mouth and throat.  Deeper and deeper I tried to drive
my rod.

     It was hard to believe but it was true.  Here I was violating the
very rule I had so much trouble understanding before, standing at the
edge of my own sister's bed forcing her to take my 10 inch manhood deep
into her throat. "Fuck the rules." I thought.  I looked down pumping
wildly at my sister's mouth and came in full eye contact with her.  I
could see the pleading in her eyes for compassion as I continued my
relentless attack.  I felt her bring her hands up to my naked thighs in
an attempt to either soften the pounding or as an effort to push away.
I slowly withdrew about half the reach of my penis and saw her close
her eyes in relief thinking I had finished with the violent raping of
her mouth.  But that was not to be.  I tightened my brace on the back
of her head and as I began to blast my cock back into her throat I
could see her try to shake her head no.  There was no way she could
have been able to say anything with my burning meat filling her mouth
and throat.  I closed my eyes and began a rhythmic pumping of her
throat.  In and out I slammed her mouth.  10 minutes I continued the
remorseless pounding, listening to her moaning against this furious
assault. I felt my mass lurch once ready to come.  I noticed that her
eyes showed her full horror as they opened wide in full knowledge of
what was about to happen.

     I ran my free hand down her stomach feeling her muscles tightening
as I ran across them.  My hand found the moist area between her legs
and enclosed around her mound.  I could feel her body jerking as I
continued to slam inside her throat.  I ran a finger through her cunt
lips finding the opening I was searching out.  She tried to tighten her
legs closed but I already had entry into her womanhood.  I slipped a
second finger into her cunt and began to work her juices up.  In and
out my fingers probed.  Around the walls of her vagina they explored
trying to find that barrier that I had vowed to rid her of.  Removing
my finger I found her clit and began to rub it vigorously.   I could
feel her legs lightening up their pressure as she seemed to surrender
to my prodding.

     My cock began a sudden bucking as my balls began to boil and empty
their load.  She tried to pull back but found it to be futile.  "Suck"
I whispered as I continued to violate her mouth.  I heard a slight
whimper but then could feel a slight pulling at my enlarged cock as she
began to comply.  I tried to hold back but now it was beyond my
control.  The first blast of hot cum boiled out of my cock like a thick
white stream.  Her eyes went wide as she tried not to swallow the load
I was depositing into her throat.  There was nothing she could do since
my rod was buried so deeply inside her throat.  Long pulsating shots
of sperm filled her throat as I continued to pump.  I could feel as my
cum began to encircle my shaft filling her mouth with my load.
"Swallow!" I yelled and I could feel a slight gag as she almost choked
as she did.

     As she continued to drain my balls of all their supply I dropped
my head between her thighs attacking her sopping cunt with my tongue.
Deep into her vagina I drove my tongue.  Licking the inside of her cunt
caused a moan of pleasure to come from her.  With rapid movements in
and out of her cunt with my tongue, I could feel her beginning to suck
harder on my shaft the longer I continued bringing my cock back to full
size.  In and out my tongue moved.  In and out my cock rammed.  I heard
a low moan as she began to come.  I felt her move her hands to my head
as she began to whimper in ecstasy during her orgasms.

     I reached over and took hold of the dildo that I had placed on the
bedside table.  I took hold of her thighs and spread them wide in order
to gain access for my next act.  I could feel her continuing to suck at
my rod running her tongue over it's entire length.  Reaching down I
spread her cheeks exposing her light brown derriere.  I began to rub
her sopping cunt with the rubber rod ensuring it was fully lubricated.
I placed the head of the prick against her brown hole rubbing it back
and forth.  I heard a slight moan come from her throat as I applied a
slight pressure at her opening.  Slowly I began to prod her ass with
the rubber shaft.  I watched as the head slowly disappeared from view.
I grabbed the dildo with one hand and went back to her cunt with my two
fingers.  More pressure was given to the insertion to further along the
rubber dick.  A sudden thrust and I buried it almost to it's end.  I
could feel a sudden heave of her lungs as the shaft entered and then a
muffled scream.  My cock buried in her throat was the only reason her
scream was barely heard.  I picked up the pace of her butt fucking to
such a frenzy I was beginning to break out in a sweat.  My fingers
increased their speed in their prodding.

     I could feel my cock begin to expand to it's full length as Sue
continued to work on it.  I felt her begin to shudder as my attack on
her ass proceeded.  A loud moan escaped from around my cock as she
started to buck during her first orgasm.  I removed that rubber dildo
and threw it across the room having no further use for it.  I intended
to let her experience more of the same.

     I quickly pulled my now swollen member from her mouth with a
sudden pop as she continued to suck on it. I decided it was time to get
down to serious business.  Quickly anticipating what was to come, my
tool became rock hard.  I ordered Sue on her to bend her knees up and
to open them wide.  She knew already what was going to happen to her.
After the last half hour she knew what the final outcome would have to
he.  I moved inside of her thighs kneeling in front of her preparing
her for my onslaught.  I placed one leg on each of my shoulders
positioning her for easy entering.  I place a pillow under her ass
raising it so I could get a 