Fantasex

     When she joined the party, he thought he was dreaming.  But he took
another look, and prayed to God that he was awake.  She was standing in the
doorway.  She wasn't that tall, but she was beautiful.  She had short, blond
hair and beautiful eyes.  (He couldn't tell what color they were from where he
was standing.)  She had the most gorgeous smile.  That wasn't all, though: she
had large breasts that gave his cock a twitch.  "This babe has a body on her,"
he thought.  She stood there for a moment, just looking around.  Then she
motioned to someone outside, and in walked a beautiful redhead and an even
better looking brunette.  The blonde had on a red skin-tight satin-look
jumpsuit.  The redhead wore a tight yellow tanktop which accented her jutting
nipples, and shorts which showed off her curves beautifully.  The brunette was
in a tight denim mini-skirt and a white blouse.  Now, his cock was as hard as
a rock. He wasn't shy, and since they were looking around the room, he thought
he'd introduce himself.  He finished his drink, got four more, and approached
the girls with two in each hand.

     "You ladies like a drink?" he asked.

     "As a matter of fact, we would.  Thanks," replied the blond as they took
the three drinks.

     "My name's Tom," said the guy.

     "I'm Gwen.  This," she pointed to the redhead, "is Kathy, and
this,"pointing to the brunette, "is Janice."

     "Nice to meet you," said Tom.  "Are you looking for someone?"

     "We just saw all the people outside and thought we'd like some action,"
Gwen said with a hint of sex in her voice that really turned Tom on.  He
smiled as if he were saying, "Oh, so you girls are looking for some sex, huh?"

     Kathy walked over to him and placed one hand on his shoulder and one on
her chest.  "I like this one.  Do we get to keep him?" she asked Gwen with a
touch of innocence in her voice.

     "Why don't you take him upstairs while Janice and I get the equipment."

     As she hurriedly led him upstairs, Tom thought, "This could be the best
time I ever had," and his cock became instantly erect.

     They went into an upstairs bedroom and as soon as they got in the door,
Kathy closed and locked it.  "I bet you're really horny," she said with a very
sexy voice.  "Well, we're just going to have to take care of that.  But until
Gwen and Janice get back, you're mine." She walked over to him, put her hand
on the bulge in his jeans, and kissed him.  They moved over to the bed and she
made him lay down. She unzipped his pants and whipped out his eight inches of
cock.  She took the head in her mouth and slowly started to run her tongue
around it.

     "Oh, that feels so good!" cried Tom.  He lifted his head up so he could
see what she was doing.

     She slowly took the rest of it in her mouth and started to suck. Then she
pulled her head away ever so slowly, sucking all the way up. When she got to
the tip, she let it fall out of her mouth and proceeded to lick up and down
the shaft.  She picked it up and put it back in her mouth until the head
touched the back of her throat, and began to swallow.

     This was too much for Tom.  He grabbed Kathy's head and pumped his prick
in and out of her mouth.  Quickly, she pulled away an said, "No!  Do you want
me to finish the job or would you rather do it?"

     "I just couldn't stand it anymore," said Tom.

     "Well, you're just going to have to take it a little longer." She went
back to the bed, kneeled down before him, and took it back into her mouth.
After a few more minutes of torturous sucking, swallowing, and licking, she
took it all the way in and applied as much suction as she could.  He exploded
in a rush of warm cum right down her throat, moaning and groaning excitedly
the whole time.

     "That felt wonderful," said Tom, "but why have your friends been gone so
long?"

     Kathy went and unlocked the door and in walked Gwen and Janice. "We
weren't gone long, we just didn't want to disturb you two."  Each of the girls
had a box and Tom was curious as to what they contained. But he didn't have to
wait very long, because the girls opened them and dumped them out on the
floor. Gwen went to lock the door while Janice and Kathy took four ropes out
of the pile and instructed Tom to take off his clothes.  He reluctantly
removed them after a little coaxing, and allowed the girls to tie him down.

     While they were doing that, Gwen grabbed something out of the pile and
disappeared into the bathroom.  Kathy and Janice soon followed, each grabbing
things out of the pile.

     Before long, Gwen appeared wearing a french maid's outfit and carrying a
duster.  She immediately took the feather duster and proceeded to tickle Tom's
genital area.  "Ah monsieur, vous etes tres tres dour!" she said, emphasizing
the last three words by tapping on his dick with the handle of the duster.

     Then she put down the duster, and let down her hair.  She cupped her
breasts in her hands and said, "I bet you're just dying to see these big,
beautiful breasts, aren't you?"

     "Oh yes," cried Tom.

     "Good," she said, slowly unbuttoning the black vest of the outfit.  "Are
you going to be a good boy?"

     "Yes mistress!"

     She removed the vest and started unbuttoning the rest of blouse.  "Do you
want to see?"

     "Yes, please let me see them.  I'll do anything!"

     "Anything?" she asked as she unbuttoned the last button and pulled the
shirt open slightly to reveal part of her cleavage. "How about letting me
shave your pubic hair off?"

     "Ok, anything if you'll just let me see those breasts!"

     She let the top fall to the ground, revealing her black lace bra.  "When
I remove this bra, you'll see two of the most beautiful breasts you've ever
seen. But first, you must beg me to shave you clean."

     "Please!  I'm begging you.  Shave me.  Shave it all off. Just let me see
your breasts!"

      She very slowly removed the bra, inch by inch, a little bit at a time.
Tom was begging and pleading the whole time.  Finally, it was off.  She
dropped the bra to the ground, revealing two of the most beautiful breasts Tom
had ever seen.  They were quite large with nipples that jutted out at least a
quarter of an inch from large brown areolas.  She shook them.

     "Argh!" Tom screamed, "Please let me touch them, please!"

     Slowly she moved towards him, making sure her breasts swung as much as
they could.  Then, she bent over his face, so that her breasts were just out
of reach of his face and tongue.  "Ah ah, you can look, but you can't touch!"

     "Argh!!!" he screamed, "Untie me!  Please!"

     "I can't. You see, I'm not done yet.  But how would you like to see the
moistest, softest, juiciest pussy you've ever seen?" she said as she shook the
ruffled petticoat under the black skirt of the maids outfit.

     "Please!  I can't stand it.  Give it to me!"

     She pulled down the petticoat and stepped out of it. "You're going to
have to work your way to it.  First, you have to let me take the biggest,
thickest dildo I have, and shove it up your ass."

     "Please.  Yes, I want me ass filled."

     "Beg for it," she said as she put one spiked heel up on the bed and
lifted the skirt to reveal black, lace, bikini underwear.

     "Please mistress.  I'll do anything.  Fuck me up the ass, please!"

     "You asked for it, you sniveling little wimp!" she said as she put her
foot back on the floor, reached up the skirt, grabbed her underwear, and let
it fall to the ground.  "Now, let me see. What else can I have you do?  Ah
yes, I'll whip your ass with the dildo in it.  Now beg for it," she said as
she undid the snap in the back of the skirt.

     "Please whip my ass!  I want to feel the pain.  Please!"

     She dropped the skirt to the floor revealing the most beautiful blonde
pubic hair.  "Ok girls, you can come out now."

     Janice and Kathy each entered the room completely naked and holding
various equipment.  Janice went to work immediately shaving Tom's pubic hair.
As soon as she was done, Kathy spread on some Nair to get rid of the stubble.
Then Janice and Kathy got on each side of him and started kissing and licking
the newly shaved area.  Then, they each started licking up and down the rod of
his member for a while, getting it wet.  Then they moved up to the head and
embraced in a deep soul kiss with Tom's dick between them.

     "I'm going to untie you now," said Gwen as she started to loosen
his bonding.  "I have a whip that I'm not afraid to use, so don't try
anything." She gave him instructions to turn over.  He did, then let out a
short yell as he felt a dildo at least two inches in diameter entering his
asshole.  Then, she started moving it in and out of his ass while he moaned
and groaned in pain.  She grabbed a paddle and started beating his ass and
forcing the dildo in farther and farther, making his ass redder and redder.
Finally, she stopped and removed the dildo.

     "Now I'm going to make it all worth your while," she said as she nudged
him to roll over on his back again.  She straddled his face and said, "Go to
it!"

     He started tonguing her wildly.  Then Kathy placed herself on his rod and
started moving up and down.  After a few minutes of sucking and fucking, Tom
came, then Gwen, and finally Kathy. Then the two girls got off and it was
Janice's turn.

     Tom sat up as Janice laid down on her back and lifted her legs for easy
penetration.  He impaled himself in her.  After the reached an orgasm, he
moved his head down and buried himself between her legs.  He started flicking
his tongue over her clit and then sliding it up and down her crack.  Then he
had her turn over doggy style and licked her snatch again from behind as he
grabbed he tits and squeezed them.

     It was Gwen's turn again.  Tom grabbed her immediately and went for her
large beautiful breasts, licking and sucking on one stiff pink nipple while he
rolled the other between his thumb and forefinger.  He got a stream of milk
from one breast and moved his mouth over to that one.  He sucked and sucked,
draining all the juices from it.  He then moved down between her legs and
started licking and kissing around her cunt, staying just barely away from the
clit.  Then he started licking and burrowing his tongue through the inner
slices of her pussy lips.  Next he went for her clit and started licking it.
When he finally bit down softly on it, she came in a flow of warm juices in
his face.  He then mounted her and slowly inserted his cock into her wet
snatch. He drove it in and out wildly until he shot his load. Then she turned
over and sat on the bed doggy style while he licked her.

     While he was doing this, Kathy moved under them and started licking
Gwen's hanging breasts while Janice fingered her own wet hole.  Then he let go
of Gwen and went for Kathy's trim young body.  Since her head was near his
cock, he got into wet and wild 69 with her.  Of all they juices he'd tasted so
far, hers was by far the sweetest.  He turned himself over and started
flicking his tongue over her soft pink nipples.  Then he sat on her chest and
placed his stiff member between her tits and started moving it between them as
she rocked them back and forth.  Soon he shot a flood of cum right between her
eager lips.

     Then all three girls piled up on the bed with an assortment of vibrators
and dildos they brought with them.  The combined pleasure of Gwen's cunt and
Janice's tits while watching Kathy get off finally brought Tom to his biggest
orgasm of the night, but it stopped there.

     After that, they moved to the bathroom and took a hot shower.  They all
soaped up his cock and ass and switched off getting fucked by Tom and fucking
his asshole with a dildo.  They finally got cleaned up and went back to the
bedroom to get some sleep (after, of course, removing the cum soaked sheets
from the bed).

     The next morning, Tom awoke. He was almost sure that it was all a dream,
but he saw a card next to the bed that said: Fantasex, Inc. 1-800-LUV2CUM.
On the back was written, "Ask for us.  Thanks.  Gwen, Kathy, and Janice."


                                    The End?


