Fatal Vision
by Ben Red

Eating alone at a restaurant provides ample opportunity for
people-watching, one of my favorite sports.  I often eat lunch alone at a
decent sit-down restaurant, unlike co-workers who rush to fast food, or
choke down a sandwich while continuing to type away at their terminals.  

One of my favorite lunch-time restaurants also offers the added benefit of
cute waitresses, greatly enhancing my people-watching.  One day at this
particular restaurant, a cute young thing was bussing tables.  She was
dressed in khaki shorts like the other employees, but she was fairly
short, so bussing meant a lot of bending over.  Her bottom was very full
for her size, round and firm-looking.  I couldn't take my eyes off it,
while I slowly chewed my Pastrami on Rye.  Fortunately, the restaurant was
very busy, and lots of tables needed bussing, and lots of bending over
occurred.  I took my time, munching my sandwich.

After a few minutes of leering slyly, I decided that everyone was too busy
to notice me, so I more or less stared at her young bottom.  And then she
caught me looking.  She smiled, of course. I smiled back, a little
embarrassed.  That didn't stop me from looking though.  And it seemed like
she immediately came back and spent a long time bending over a table right
across from mine, her butt within a couple feet of my appreciative eyes. 
Could she be doing this intentionally, I wondered?  Nah, couldn't be.  But
sure enough, after this major tush display, she turned and smiled again. 
"Is your lunch OK?", she asked.  "Yeah, its great", I said, surprised she
was talking to me.  "And how is the view?", she said smiling.  "Even
better than the sandwich", I said after a moment of hesitation.  "So what
are you doing after lunch?", she asked sweetly.  Was she asking me out? 
Omigod, this had certainly never happened before.  "Going back to work I
guess", I said truthfully.  "Too bad", she said, "I was thinking about
going to the beach".  At this, she grabbed her bus tub, and walked away,
her buns bouncing nicely.

Did she mean that she was inviting me to go to the beach with her, or was
she just making conversation, telling me what she planned to do?  I
finished my sandwich, paid my check, and started to leave the restaurant. 
She saw me, and waved goodbye.  "Have a good time at work", she giggled. 
"I guess I could take the afternoon off, and join you at the beach", I
said, taking a chance.  "Are you asking me out?", she cooed.  "Yeah, I'm
asking if you want to go the beach with me", I said smoothly.  "Oh I don't
know, it might not be safe.  The way you were looking at me, you might
want to spank me or something", she said coolly.  My jaw dropped, I'm
sure.  Of course that is exactly what I wanted to do.  Say something, I
thought.  "I have been known to do things like that", I said as
confidently as possible.  Again, she giggled.  "Well, I get off at the end
of the lunch shift.  Maybe you could pick me up in an hour at my house?" 
"OK", I said, and I took down her address.  Her name was Rachel, she told
me as I left the restaurant.

I had the feeling, at this moment, that I was making a big mistake.  The
girl was probably just 20 or 21 years old (what is the minimum working age
for restaurants these days?), I was nearly twice her age.  I was taking
the rest of the day off of work, and I would take some shit from my boss,
for sure.   My instincts are usually pretty good, and the alarm bells were
ringing, but I couldn't help myself.  Her saucy bottom.  And she actually
talked about me giving her a spanking!  It was just too much to resist.

I went home and put on beach clothes, grabbed a couple large towels, a
bottle of wine (I hope she's 21), some cheese and crackers, and, just in
case, the beach paddleball game.  In case she wanted to play, of course. 
I drove to Rachel's house, a nice house in a nice neighborhood.  She lives
with her parents, I groaned.  What am I doing?  As I drove up, she bounced
out the front door dressed in short shorts and halter top.  She looked
more 18 than 21.  My feeling of dread increased.

As we drove to the beach, our conversation was more forced.  I finally
just turned up the radio, and drove without talking.  I drove to Sunset
beach, a small beach south of Santa Cruz.  There were two reasons to go to
this particular beach.  First, its pretty out of the way, meaning not very
many people around.  Second, there are sand dunes on this beach.  Between
sand dunes you can sit within a rock toss of the ocean, and be completely
out of view of anyone accept airplanes, perfect for a letch like me. 
While I was setting up the small picnic, Rachel saw the paddleball game,
and removed one of the paddles from the box.  "So are you planning to use
this on me", she asked, her flirtatious manner returning.  "Only if you
are naughty", I said quickly, and sat down trying not to look interested. 
That was smooth, I thought.  "Well I have been very, very naughty", she
said.  My heart started beating faster, my perspiration increased, and a
certain stiffness started.

"Really?", I asked with as much authority as I could muster.  "VERY
naughty", she said.  With that, Rachel slowly walked over to me, handed me
the paddle, and laid over my lap.  The stiffness increased.  She arched
her back, and raised her gorgeous little rump up in the air.  My mind was
saying this was just too good to be true.  My lower extremities were
beyond logic.  I laid the paddle on her rump and felt myself go completely
hard.  I raised the paddle and gave her a slight smack.  No reaction.  Did
she really want me to spank her hard?  I paddled her a little harder.
*smack*  Nothing.  *smack* *smack* *smack*  She started to wiggle her
bottom a little under the blows.  *smack* *smack* *smack*  "I wouldn't
blame you if you made me take off my pants", she said between swats.

I stopped the paddle in mid-flight.  My dick was at full salute.  "Rachel,
if you have been that naughty, I will have to spank you on your bare
bottom.  Remove your pants".  "OK", she said obediently.  She got up,
dropped her shorts, laid back over my lap, reached back, and slowly pulled
down her panties.  Her pink little bottom was even firmer than I thought. 
My lust for this little wonder was complete, I had never wanted to spank
anyone so much.  I brought the paddle up to give her a good smack.  Before
I completed the swat she turned back to me again and said "I have been
VERY, VERY naughty lately, and I will understand perfectly if you have to
paddle  me tough.  That paddle is big and hard, and you look very strong,
so I expect to have a bruised bottom, and cry very hard before you are
finished."

Even I can follow something that well scripted.  "Well young lady, I am
going to paddle you very hard, 20 swats on your bare bottom, for being so
naughty".  *SMACK* I brought down the paddle, very hard.  "Ohh", she
groaned.  *SMACK* *SMACK* Her bottom turned beet red, and she started to
cry.  *SMACK* *SMACK* I feared she was going to get the bruises she
requested.  *SMACK* *SMACK* After at least 30 good ones, the original 20
plus additional swats for moving, kicking, yelling too loud and whatever
else I could think of, I finally stopped.  She was crying like a little
girl now, and her butt was amazingly red, but still a vision to behold.  I
started to rub her bottom, my hardness was positively uncomfortable.  I
worked my way down her bottom, between her thighs, until I was touching
her sweet spot.  She was extremely wet, and I started to enter her with my
fingers.  "No", she jumped up, still sniffling, and lifted her panties and
pants back into place.  "But I thought...", I started.  "I'm too young to
have sex", she said without missing a beat, "I'm only sixteen".
