Archive-name: Family/father1.txt
Archive-author: The Watcher
Archive-title: The Father


     The furnace had gone out, so it was me, my wife, and my 15
year old daughter all stuffed into one big bed.  There was an
incredible storm outside, and even though my daughter was nearly
16, she still asked to sleep in between my wife and I.
     As I leaned over to kiss my wife goodnight, I felt a brief
wash of warm breath on my neck.  I placed my arm over my
daughter's body to brace myself and I felt soft and warm skin
press briefly against my forearm.  As I leaned back over to my
side of the bed, my daughter stretched beneath me, and I felt
some raised and fleshy part of her young body brush my bare
chest.  I saw her look at me with her eyelids low and her mouth
slightly apart.  She had a strange, dreamy look in her eye as she
sighed goodnight and touched me briefly on my arm.
     I've always had problems getting to sleep and tonight was no
exception.  Pretty soon I heard the soft sighs of my wife from
across the bed.  As I lay with my eyes open to the darkness, I
could feel the bed shake, and my daughter's body tremble and
slide closer to me with every shock of thunder.  Since I wore
only underwear to bed, very soon I could feel smooth, warm,
rounded parts of her body pressed up against my shoulders and
back of my thighs.
     The bed began to warm up, and as I finally began to drift
off into a warm sleep, I felt a wash of cold air as my daughter
removed her warm body from the curve of my back and sat up.  I
heard the sounds of silken clothes rustling, the far off sound of
something landing on another part of the room, and then she lay
back down and all movement ceased.
     A moment later, I started in surprise as I felt the bare
flesh of one smooth, sleek, creamy thigh slide up to touch the
length of my leg.  Her leg was glassy, satiny, silky, and tight
and I felt temptation give way to guilt as instead of disturbing
her I lay feeling and listening, till finally her warm breathing
began to come in regular intervals.
     Moments later, a fierce thunderbolt rattled the house, and
as its echoes died away I heard another sound: my daughter was
whimpering in her sleep.  I kept my back to her and strained to
hear the sighs that began to come from her mouth.  As she spoke,
the bed trembled slightly with each word, as if she couldn't
control her movement.  With each wet sigh, I could feel her
squirm behind me, her leg sliding and working up and down the
back of mine in a small motion.  It seemed as if she could not
help but move when she emitted the small gasping sounds.  
     I finally caught what she was saying:
     "Oh... daddy..."
     Those words came out in a wet and silky whisper, and to my
total shock I felt the sudden pressure of two large curving
softnesses pressed to my back, the nerves on my back tightening
as I felt two hardened spots grow tauter in the center of the
circles of warmth pressed to my back.  As I felt my daughter's
hardened nipples pressed straining into my back, I felt her
shudder, and press her smooth, tight belly up against me.  I
could feel the vibrations of a deep moan come from the depths of
her firm, taut belly.
     At the same time her smooth and silken leg began to force
it's way into the space between my outstretched legs, sliding up
and down and making her press her firm breasts desperately
against me.  I felt my stomach tighten and I flushed as the area
between my legs began to tingle and tighten.  With a spasm of
guilt I turned slightly and violently, to try and get farther
away... pushing myself to the edge of the bed and away from my
excited and dreaming daughter.  This seemed to do it, and while
she kept sighing and making deep throaty sounds, I could feel her
going into a deeper slumber.  She kept her lithe body pressed up
against me and she did throw one smooth arm out over my torso,
but I let that lay as I did not want to wake my wife on the other
side of the bed and have her realize what her daughter had been
doing.
     I managed to fall asleep soon after.  Then I began to dream. 

     I imagined a voluptuous, sensuous nymph lying next to me on
the grass.  She had perfect, erect mounds of breasts that stood
out smoothly and were crested with dark brown nipples.  They were
firm and supple and bounced slightly as she breathed, straining
outward again and again.  They overhung her waist which was
tapered silky smooth and small, and curved out to incredible
mouth-wateringly sensual hips and then down to the smoothest,
sexiest legs I've ever seen.  Her body was lightly tanned, and
taut, as if she were about 16, and as I watched her she suddenly
opened her mouth in surprise, as if something had happened inside
her body that frightened and aroused her terribly.  I watched her
tiny tongue lick one small strand of saliva that began to form
involuntarily in the corner of her small pouting mouth.  She made
a small wet "oh" of surprise, then her eyes widened with
excitement as she felt her nipples growing harder.  I could see
her pupils widen, and her breathing deepen, and I shook with my
own fear and surprise as I began to get harder and harder until
it seemed I was almost out of control.  Her tiny brown nipples
wrinkled and grew outward and became large and thrusty, till they
stood strait out at an angle from her firm mounds.  Her enlarged
and pointy nipples completely rigid, stuck out from her breasts
to almost an inch long!  Her eyelids fluttered as uncontrollably
as her breathing, which was making her breasts and nipples thrust
out into the air over and over again, straining.  Her whole lithe
body began to writhe and heave, contorting in rhythm to her
excited and uncontrollable gasps, causing her to involuntarily
slide her small hands down in amazement to touch her erect
nipples.  Her tiny, smooth hands trembled and shook as they moved
from her smooth shoulders, to her neck where her immense and
pliable breasts began to stick out.  As her hands connected to
the hardened, taut, rigid flesh of her nipples she gasped, and
arched her back in a spasm of uncontrollable pleasure.  She
rocked upward, and was soon twisting in a position of submission:
sitting up, her legs bent beneath her, with her knees spread wide
apart.  Her back was arched, her breasts upthrust at an amazing
angle, her head thrown back and her mouth open.  She thrust her
hips backwards and her hips began to twist and wriggle as her
long, red nails squeezed frantically at her immensely pointed
nipples.  Her taut stomach contracted and her whole body coiled
in pleasure she brought her knees up involuntarily, fell
helplessly, twisting and writhing to the ground and began to
shudder in great gasps with ecstasy on the green grass.  She
thrust her hands down between her sleek glossy thighs and arched
her back and stuck out both her taut, erect, pointy-crowned
breasts, and undulated her curving smooth hips in an
uncontrollable thrusting motion.  Her breasts sprang back and
forth wildly in rhythm to her excited gasping contortions. 
Though her eyes were rolled up almost into her head, she froze
suddenly in terror as she realized that I lay next to her.  Her
head snapped forward in horror as she realized that I had been
watching her the entire time as she had abandoned herself to the
immense and overwhelming pleasure and rolled on the ground in
ecstacy as she touched herself.  She looked frantically around
for somewhere to hide, some way to cover her supple, tight body,
but as she moved... her breasts bounced once and she gasped as an
uncontrollable wave of pleasure rocked her body.  She dug her
nails into the grass, but that only jostled her firm, smooth
breasts more, and though she fought to keep from moving I could
see her aching to put her hands on her straining nipples.  Her
wide curving hips began to twist and tremble, and as she fought
to stop her body from taking over, a crazed look came into her
face, a look of hunger that was amplified by the fear of what she
was about to do.  Her face flushed red and as I saw her eyes
light with horror, a ruddy blush began to creep up her naked
body.  With a gasp she fell foreword to her hands and knees and
crawled slowly towards me.  I watched her breasts swing beneath
her, her inch long, solid blood engorged nipples almost dragging
the ground.  She arched her back to let them touch the grass and
her body was hit with an incredible shiver of pleasure.  Her eyes
widened with the unthinkable as she reached me.  Suddenly, she
threw her body feverishly up against me, writhing and straining
and emitting small cries of desperation as she tried to get every
part of her lush body into contact with mine.  I could tell from
her flushed and strained face that she had capitulated to her
lust and that her body now controlled her.  I felt her wide,
curving hips pressed against me in beating thrusts, and her sharp
nails, digging into my body, trying to turn me toward her in a
frantic attempt to get at me.  Finally, I had to turn to try and
force her away from me.  As I rolled over, she cried out and
thrust her body between my arms and tried frantically to pull me
atop her.  I grabbed both her slender wrists, and forced her to
the ground, raising my body up above hers so she could not get
hold of me.  In trying to get her away from me I made a terrible
mistake, her sudden bondage hit her like a hammer and her body
began to buck and shudder of it's own accord.  And then she saw
it.  I could not hide how incredibly excited I had become, and as
her eyes fastened on my painfully hard penis, she gave and
incredible shriek and arched her back to receive me.  Her silken
smooth legs came up and before I knew it, I could feel the
incredible softness of her inner thighs grasping my waist.  With
a strength that was incredible, she arched her back again, and
pulled me into her with her legs grasping me about the waist.  As
my whole body shocked against hers, I slid into her with
incredible force, this seemed to send a great shudder through her
body and she began to squirm and moan.  I was shocked to my very
core, I was incredibly aroused and this sex-mad creature was
sliding up and down on me like crazy.  I tried desperately not to
move, but her hips kept rocking my body with immense pleasure,
making me pierce her over and over again.  All of the sudden she
tried to twist away, and while her pelvis thrust up and down and
up and down in an increasingly wild frenzy, riding me as wildly
as possible, she tried frantically to wrench her wrists from my
grasp.  It seemed as if she could no longer control her thrusting
hips, but grew terrified of the immense pleasure she could feel
beginning to overtake her body. The horror of what she was doing
began to register, but she seemed not to be able to control her
body.  She was quaking with rapture and thrilled to the core that
I had her impaled upon me. 

     I suddenly saw the grass of my dream begin to fade around
us, and the sky began to darken to a deep shade of wallpaper.  At
the same time I became aware of her small desperate sobbing
cries, "Oh, daddy, Nononono!  stop!  PLEA.... OH.. what.. are..
you!?... MY GOD!!!... STOP OH DADDY!"
     And I breathed right into the astonished and flushed face of
my young daughter.
     As she fought fiercely to try to get out from under me and
remove myself from her, my hands tightened fiercely, my mind
racing, thinking the only way my wife would not know is if we
were quiet.  She was panting, dripping wet inside, and completely
aroused.  She shook with sobs that made her wriggle up and down
my length.  She flung her legs out wide, which only served to
force me to penetrate deeper into her... and she let out a low
moan.  She began to struggle more and more, and as she struggled,
she slid up and down underneath me faster and faster.  As I began
to feel her still tight breasts sliding against my chest, I made
a quick attempt to roll off her.
     Suddenly, she gave a cry and threw her arms around my neck. 
Her legs and arms clamped me to her and as she began to pump
faster and faster and I realized she didn't want to stop fucking. 
I could tell by her lust-filled eyes and the hungry look in her
face that she had abandoned herself to the act, and would not
stop till it was finished. 
     She began to chant in a wet, frantic voice, "nonono! 
don't... UNH!... ah... st... Don't stop.... FUCKing MEoooOOH!"
     I tried not to move, but her pliable, supple body was
grasping me inside and working so hard, her impaled body sliding
up and down, her face all scrunched up with uncontrollable
pleasure.  Her mouth was open in one prolonged gasp and her
tongue worked in spasms inside her mouth.  She began to make
sounds... sighing and moaning.  I could tell she was trying
desperately to keep quiet and not wake my wife, but it soon
became too much and as she arched her back in a spasm of orgasmic
pleasure, she let out an incredible shriek.
     "OH MY GOD!"
     I felt my wife jump awake, and my daughter began to froth at
the mouth and shout over and over again, "FUCK ME HARDER!! 
OH.Ooooooh.. MY... unh... GOD DADDY!  FUCK.. AHH... ME!  I'M...
BE... ING.. ah.. FUCK.. AH.. FUCKED.. BYMY.. DADDDD!!!!"
     My wife shot from the bed and stood next to it transfixed,
her eyes incredulous.  Just as the realization hit her that I was
fucking my own daughter, my daughter began to orgasm.
     I had tried desperately not to give into the incredible
creature beneath me that had been my daughter.  But now as she
drove up and down on my wet length, my vision began to cloud.  I
had never fucked anyone like this, and I was nearly out of
control from being so incredibly aroused.  Finally I felt my grip
on reality loosen, and I abandoned all hope of stopping what I
was about to do.  I relinquished my hold on what was right and
cried out in abandonment as I began to fuck my daughter.
     Both my daughter and I had lost all control.  My horrified
wife tried to reach out and pull me off her, but we were locked
together in a hot, plunging embrace and going at it in a wild and
uncontrollable animalistic frenzy.  I forced my daughter's
smooth, and wildly contorting body deep into the bed with every
thrust and penetration.  My body slammed into hers as I pulled
out and shoved deep into her grasping, tight wetness over and
over again.  As I lost control and my body began to thrust deeply
into my daughter beneath me of its own accord, probing faster and
faster, my daughter lost all control and arched her back and
threw open her legs to get me as far into her as she could.  She
sobbed uncontrollably, her sweat and tears flying all over as she
whipped her head about to try and control the pleasure.  Her
nails gripped my back, drawing blood, frantically trying to hold
on.
     A low moan began to shake the wildly heaving bed and as my
wife began screaming and beating me on the back I could not even
look at her as my orgasm began.  My wife was forgotten as my
daughter let lust take over her body and went into orgasm beneath
me.  Her low pitched cry rose and rose up a halting octave as she
pumped faster and faster, her raised nipples scraping my chest as
her enormous breasts heaved with the thrusting motions of her
grasping silky hips.  
     I grabbed hold of her hips, clutching to her sweaty smooth
haunches, and thrust in one violent deep and penetrating time,
burying myself between her legs and impaling her as far down to
the hilt as I could, and her low moan reached a scream which
shook the walls and gave her such an immense orgasm that she
shuddered in sweat and passed out... 
     Her last words before she went unconscious from her
incredible orgasm were, "Oh God, Daddy!  Please... fuck... me...
again!"

7/12/92
--
