                     FAT CHARLIE

                   by V.P. Viddler


     "Kiss the floor, Miranda," Fat Charlie said.

     And the girl who was lying on her stomach with her wrists 
tied together behind her back did as he said, her long blonde 
hair spreading over the polished wood floor as her soft lips 
pressed against that floor as if kissing a lover with utmost 
passion.

     "Kiss it good," Fat Charlie said, and Miranda's head moved 
from side to side as she caressed the hard wood with her mouth, 
her tongue licking at it, little whimpers coming out of her 
throat. Her body writhed slowly against the floor, her breasts 
flattened on it, her hips fucking it. She was fucking that floor 
for Fat Charlie.

     And Fat Charlie laughed.

     Later, in bed with her, I told her to do to me what she had 
done to the floor.

     In the morning Fat Charlie made her lie naked across the 
table while we ate. Her hands were still tied. Fat Charlie used 
Miranda's hair for a napkin.

     And when we finished eating he used her breasts for an ash 
tray. And he used her yelling mouth as a convenient hole to fuck 
in. Her howls choked on his sperm when he shot it down her 
throat.

     Fat Charlie was a filthy slob. But I couldn't disguise the 
fact that I loved what he did to Miranda. I loved it all. Charlie 
knew that. Miranda knew that.

     Miranda begged me to take her away from Fat Charlie. I told 
Fat Charlie about it. Fat Charlie brought six of his cronies 
around and turned them loose on Miranda. I watched as they used 
her. As she crawled for them. As she fucked and sucked and drank 
piss, I looked her in the eye and I smiled.

     Fat Charlie hung her up by her wrists and all of them 
whipped her. I took hold of the long yellow hair and pulled it, 
pulling her head back, tautening the helpless arch of Miranda's 
body as they whipped her breasts, and while she screamed I gazed 
into her tortured eyes. I kissed her contorted mouth and I fucked 
her twisting, squirming body in the ass as they lashed and lashed 
all over her.

     In bed that night I held her hair and fucked her and made 
her tell me all about what had happened to her. I kicked her out 
of the bed and told her to crawl to Fat Charlie's room and suck 
his cock. Miranda hated to suck Fat Charlie's cock.

     Fat Charlie was her father.

     I was her brother.

     Miranda had seduced me with her body to get me to take her 
away from Fat Charlie. I had fucked her naked body for four days 
before I told Charlie about that. Charlie had laughed and spread 
her out on the living room floor and pulled her body as tight as 
it would go and burned her all over with cigarettes for hours and 
hours. She screamed so loud and squirmed and writhed and twisted 
so hard that I came just from her pain, and my come spattered on 
her body, and Fat Charlie laughed and told me to fuck her. And I 
fucked Miranda's tautly stretched naked, aching body while she 
howled and bucked under me, and then I fucked her mouth, and we 
kept her there for days, fucking and burning and torturing her.
     
     And now when Fat Charlie tells her to kiss the floor, 
Miranda kisses it passionately, fucking it with her body, and 
whimpering...
