                          Catfight

        The hatred between Vicki and Sondra was legendary. They had grown up
together, and competed with each other as long as either of them could 
remember. They competed for jobs, men, school clubs and popularity. Mostly, 
they competed for men.  Vicki was a dark haired woman, with long hair, dark 
complexion, and a figure that most girls would die for. Sondra was a tall 
blond, with long legs and small, but beautifully shaped tits. Both girls 
weighed about the same, approximately 125 pounds.
        The catfight started over a man. Ted had dated Vicki for some time. He
also had eyes for Sondra. Well, to make a long story short, one day Vicki
caught Sondra with Ted. She went over to Ted's house unannounced, and found
Sondra in bed with Ted. They were both naked, and surprised would hardly be
the word to describe reaction upon being discovered.
        Vicki was furious, and ripped the covers off Ted and Sondra. "I'm
gonna tear every hair out of your sluttish head!", screamed Vicki. "You and
who else?", said Sondra. Ted, regaining his composure looked at the two
enraged women. "Why don't you two settle this with a fair fight? I'll tell
you what," he said, "Why don't you have a wrestling match? I'll promise to
stay exclusively with the winner! This way you can settle this once and for
all, and we'll find out who the better woman really is!" "Deal!" said both
Vicki and Sondra.
        Ted got out of bed, stark naked, his manhood at full attention.
Leading Vicki and Sondra to another room, he proceeded to move the furniture
out, so all that was left was a carpeted room. From there, he got a couple of
bottles of beer and gave one to each girl. "This competition will be to
submission."  he said. "You will both fight naked. There will be no hair
pulling, eye gouging. or punching. Just wrestling. Are you ready?" Both girls
quickly agreed and immediately took off their clothes. "Well then, let the
match begin!"
        The two girls began circling each other, cautiously at first, until
they locked in a clinch. Vicki looked to be the stronger of the two, and
proceeded to get Sondra in a headlock. Slowly tightening her grip, Sondra
squealed her discomfort. Vicki than tripped Sondra and the two of them
tumbled to the carpet. Vicki got the top position and rolled on top of Sondra.
She bounced her naked ass on Sondra's belly trying to knock the wind out of
her. Sondra struggled for all she was worth and man aged to get her hands
free. Sondra then knocked Vicki off of her,and rose quickly to her feet. Vicki
couldn't get up quick enough, and Sondra got behind her locking her arms
around Vicki's neck.
        Vicki cried out in pain as Sondra wound up in the top position facing
Vicki's feet. Sondra inched her ass backwards pinning Vicki's shoulders down
with the weight of her ass. Her naked pussy and asshole were just inches from
Vicki's face, and Vicki cried out in rage. Seeing that she had Vicki pretty
well secured, Sondra lowered her asshole and pussy right down on Vicki's
face. Vicki's screams were muted by Sondra's beautiful ass, and Vicki kicked
her legs violently, trying to get herself free.
        Sondra was loving every minute of this, and smiled up at Ted, who was
getting harder by the moment. "I'll smother her with my pussy!" said Sondra
triumphantly. Ted was amazed as Sondra, with a cruel smile on her face,
proceeded to bounce her pussy and her ass up and down on poor Vicki's face.
Ted could feel those first drops of precum gather at the head of his dick.
        Suddenly, Vicki managed to get an arm free, and pulled Sondra back by
her long blond hair. Sondra screamed in pain, as Vicki found a way to get
free. Now she knocked Sondra off, and with the quickness of a cat, reversed
the position, so she w as now on top of Sondra, with her ass in Sondra's face.
Vicki, seeing her opportunity, sat down hard on top of Sondra's face. Sondra
found her nose embedded about two inched up Vicki's pussy. "See how you like
it, bitch!", said Vicki, her own face still wet with Sondra's cunt juice.
"See how you like the taste and smell of my pussy!"
        With that, Vicki started to rub her ass and pussy all over Sondra's
face. Vicki had Sondra's arms pinned by her legs, and all Sondra could do is
to kick her legs out, desperately trying to free herself from her tormentor.
Sondra kicked and fl ailed her legs to no avail as she was slowly being
smothered by Vicki's beautiful ass. Sondra was loosing the will to fight, as
she was slowly being deprived of oxygen. Vicki just sat there and smiled while
slowly rubbing her pussy into Sondra's face .
        Finally, Sondra lay motionless under Vicki's ass. Vicki quickly turned
around and pinned Sondra's arms with her knees, her pussy inches off Sondra's
face. Sondra lay beneath her gasping for air. "Do you surrender?" Vicki asked
with sarcasm in her voice, "Or do I have to put my pussy back on your face?"
"I give up!" said Sondra, worn out by her crushing defeat. Vicki than stood
up, and put her foot on Sondra's stomach, raising her arm in victory. Sondra
just lay there moaning.
        Meanwhile, Ted was rock hard. This was more than he had hoped for.
After all, how many times do you get to see two beautiful babes fight naked
for the privileged of staying with you? Ted got up and put his arm around
Vicki. "I'm going to go a nd get us a couple more beers, why don't you throw
this bitch out," he said pointing at the defeated Sondra, "She wasn't much fun
anyhow!" With that Ted left the room to go to the kitchen.
        Vicki looked down at Sondra and suddenly found herself feeling sorry
for her defeated rival. Sondra got slowly to her feet. "I'm sorry it had to
come to this," Vicki said. "I really didn't know you were going out with Ted."
said Sondra. "Ted told me that you two had broken up weeks ago, and that you
couldn't satisfy him in bed anymore. That's the only reason I went with him.
Although I've never liked you, I'd never go out of my way to do you harm. I
lost the fight, so you can have him. I really don't want him now anyway." said
Sondra. "Oh! So he said that I couldn't satisfy him, did he?" said Vicki,
suddenly enraged. "I've heard this story before. What say you and I give Ted a
taste of his own medicine!" " Sounds like fun!" Sondra s aid.
        Just then, Ted came back into the room. "I thought you were going to
get rid of this loser?" Ted said sarcastically. "Well," said Vicki, "Maybe I
don't satisfy you well enough! Maybe you need to be taught that you can't
play one woman against another! Maybe you need to be taught to respect
women!" With that, Vicki pushed Ted back a step. Sondra had crouched down
behind Ted and Vicki pushed Ted backwards right over Sondra. Ted hit the
ground hard and the two woman were on him in a flash.  Sondra was sitting on
Ted's legs, and Vicki was sitting on Ted's chest. Ted couldn't move and now
found himself lying helpless beneath the two women. "Hey! let me up!" said
Ted. "Shut up!" said Vicki, inching her ass upwards on Ted's chest. Sondra
proceeded to inch herself up also and was sitting right on top of Ted's naked
cock. Suddenly, Vicki turned around, and before Ted even had a chance to
react, Vicki had turned facing Sondra and Ted's feet, her ass and pussy
straddling Ted's face.  Slowly and sensually, she lowered her pussy right
down on Ted's mouth. "Eat my pussy!" she said, "Satisfy me for a change!" Ted
started to lick and suck Vicki's pussy. Vicki started to moan as she began
fondling Sondra's pert little breasts. Meanwhile Sondra was sliding her
already wet pussy back and forth on Ted's rock hard cock. "You better not
come, Ted, or there'll be hell to pay!" said Sondra who was now thoroughly
enjoying the scene.
        Vicki was rocking her pussy back and forth while Ted was doing his
level best to appease Vicki's wrath, and hopefully escape the situation with
his skin intact. Vicki was drawing to a climax and as her pussy muscles
contracted, she flooded Ted 's face with her pussy juices. She then sat back,
and rested the full weight of her ass on Ted's face.
        Vicki and Sondra looked at each other and laughed. "I think I'll
smother him for a while!" said Vicki, as Ted squirmed to get a breath. "Why
don't you pee on his face?" said Sondra. "I don't know about you, but after
drinking those beers earlier, I really got to pee bad!" "Yeah, come to think
of it, I've got to pee too!" said Vicki. With that, Vicki raised her ass about
an inch off Ted's face. Ted was gasping for air now, and started yelling for
Vicki to get off his face. "Hey you stupid bitch!" screamed Ted, "What are you
trying to do, kill me? I can't breath!" "Shut up!" said Vicki. Vicki strained
for a couple seconds, and reached down between her legs and parted her pussy
lips. A spurt of hot pee landed on Ted's face, then a couple of drops. Vicki
strained again. This time, a slow stream of pee fell on Ted's face. "Hey!" Ted
yelled. "Shut up, Ted!" came the reply. Vicki then proceeded to give Ted the
golden shower of his life. Vicki peed on Ted's face for what seemed like an
eternity. Ted just groaned, because there was nothing he could do about it.
Vicki started and stopped the stream of her pee at least a dozen times, and
finally, rubbed her pussy on Ted's face, so he could get the full effect.
        Sondra said to Vicki that she should have a turn also, and Vicki
readily agreed. Both girls quickly switched positions before Ted even had a
chance to react. Sondra now had her pussy and ass over Ted's face, with Vicki
rubbing her pussy over Ted's monstrously hard dick.
"OK, now Ted," said Sondra. "I want you to eat my pussy the way you ate
Vicki's!" giggled Sondra. "If you do a good job, I promise I won't pee on your
face!" With that, Ted went to work on Sondra's pussy. Although Ted was
thoroughly humiliated by this treatment, there was a current of extreme
sexuality that was affecting him deeply. He had never been dominated by a
woman before, and though he didn't like the idea of a woman pissing on him, he
did like the idea of eating pussy.
        Sondra was bucking like a wild woman, with Ted greedily licking her
clit. Sondra could feel the waves of orgasm building, and as her  rapidly
firing nerves brought about the first waves of orgasm, her body shuddered in
relief. Ted was being t eased to the point of going out of his mind as Vicki
was sliding her slick cunt back and forth on Ted's cock.
        "Let me up!" said Ted. "I did what you wanted, now let me up!" Vicki
looked at Sondra. "Sondra, why don't you pee on Ted's face? I think he
deserves it!" said Vicki. "You promised you wouldn't pee on my face if I ate
your pussy!" said Ted under protest. "I lied!" said Sondra with a laugh, and
proceeded to lower her blond cunt to about an inch above Ted's face.
        Sondra sat there for a moment and parted her pussy lips."No! No!" said
Ted. "Please don't pee on my face! Anything, but that!" Sondra just looked at
Vicki and the two women laughed. Sondra's face strained for just a second, and
the first hot drops of piss landed on Ted's already soaked face. "No! Don't!"
said Ted. Vicki and Sondra locked in an embrace, and Sondra let go a hot gush
of piss right into Ted's open mouth. Ted just gurgled, trying to spit the hot
pee out. "That'll teach you to open your mouth!" said Sondra. With that,
Sondra contracted her bladder muscles and squeezed out a long hot stream of
piss. Sondra pissed a long time on Ted's face, like Vicki, starting and
stopping often, so Ted could smell and taste every bit of her pee, and relish
in the humiliation being done to him. Finally, the last, hot, yellow drops of
pee came to a halt, and Sondra smiled. "Just one more!" said Sondra as she
strained again, forcing one last burning hot stream of her pee onto Ted's face.
The two women laughed together still sitting on their captive, Ted.
        "I just have one more thing for Ted!" said Vicki. With that, Vicki got
up, and pushed her ass down on Ted's face. Sondra stood up and gave way to
Vicki. Vicki parted her asscheeks and let go a ripping fart, right on Ted's
face. Ted, having been soaked with piss, and farted on, could stand the
humiliation no longer and exploded in a violent orgasm, covering himself with
his own cum.
        Leaving Ted lying there, the two girls, Vicki and Sondra, put on there
clothes, and left Ted lying there, whimpering, in a pool of piss. Sondra and
Vicki became good friends that day, and have remained friends ever since.

                                THE END


