The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.





	This story was written several years ago on a VERY primitive
	word processor.  I have no idea how it will post in the
	newsgroup.  Anyway, I thought I would go ahead and send it
	to the newsgroup.  I hope you enjoy it.

	Standard disclaimer:  This is a completely fictional account
		of a sexual nature.  If you are 18 or below, please
		vacate the premises immediately.  This contains some
		non-consentual F/F sex between women and girls.  As
		always, comments welcomed.


i was called to babysit at an old friend's house. when i arrived there
were already 3 other women there.  one was a women who was older than i was,
and another who looked to be in her teens.  just as we were about to ask
each other why we were all here on the same day, the lights went out.  i felt
the younger girl fall against me which knocked me off balance and onto the
floor.  the next thing i remember is her lying on top of me as i come to.  my
blouse was open and my bra removed.  i noticed my denim skirt was pushed up
around my waist and my panties were gone.  the girl is starting to suckle one
of my breasts, while using her other hand to caress the other.  i tried to
push her off of me to at least speak to her, but i didn't have the strength
to move her.  as she continued to work on my breasts, i felt her hand slowly
move up my bare thighs.  i felt her slowly work a finger into my pussy.  again
i try and break herself from me long enough to ask why she's doing this, but
she continues to ignore me.  though at this point, i'm willing to succomb to
her advances...she's such a beautiful young girl...with long blonde hair and
long slender legs, i've even fantasized about making love to her before.  but
to have her here...seducing me...this is even more erotic than i could even
imagine!  still i wonder...what is happening...why is she doing this?  can she
be the one who's orchestrating all of this?  now how can a young, teenage girl
be the one who set up all of this?  my concentration is broken as i feel her
replace one of her fingers that was in my pussy and replace it with her thumb.
she starts slowly moving it in and out of my vagina, occasionally brushing
against my swolen clit with each stroke.  her mouth moves to my other breast
as she positions herself better to continue to finger-fuck me.  as she quickens
her strokes, i arch my back and spread my legs even wider for her.  i also
begin to grind my hot pussy against her fingers, feeling the beginnings of my
orgasm starting to well up inside of me.  i pull her close against me as i
start to feel myself about to explode...suddenly i feel my body beginning to
quiver as i feel the waves of orgasm running up my legs and through my body.  i
heave myself against her taught little body and her long slender fingers as i
fill her hand with my cum juice.  as i start to wind down ever so slightly, she
breaks free of me and quickly descends between my legs.  before i know it, she
begins eating my still sensitive pussy.  it feels soooooo good...feeling her
soft wet lips kisssing and licking hot pussy, having her long, fine hair draped
around my waist...i manage to run my fingers through her hair and pull her face
tight against my twat as i wrap my legs around her head.   within a couple more
minutes i feel myself about to leg loose with another orgasm...i start heaving
myself harder and harder against her pretty little face, wanting her to drink
in all of my hot pussy juice.  i start screaming and moaning as i begin to let
the huge orgasm take ahold of my body once again....letting my legs shake and
quake against her face, arching my back and pushing myself against her until
finally i give out...i gently press her face into my thighs and lay quietly on
my back.

when i wake up again, i find myself tied up on a large bed.  my arms and legs
are tied up in spread-eagle fashion.  along each side of me is a tv set.  all
of a sudden all the sets are activated.  i notice one of one of my coworkers
going down on renee carson!  then i turn to the other one and i see that other
girl who i first met in the house being fucked by two younger boys.  on the
last screen, i see me being taken by another woman!  suddenly an older-looking
women appear beside me wearning a mask that covers the top half of her face.  i
begin straining at my bonds, but to no avail.  i ask her, "what's going on? 
what do you want from me?"  she just places her hand on my mound and says, "i
got what i wanted from you, my little sweetie."  "if you look at the monitor
there, you'll see how i got to ravish your little sexy body."  i reply, "but
i don't remember it...that can't be me..."  but she says, "oh yes it was!  you
see, i hypmotized you into thinking it was that sweet, little pubescent girl
that was going down on you...in truth it was me!  look around you...your little
renee is hypmotized into thinking it's her boyfriend that's going down on her.
and that other girl there is fantazising about having an orgy with two of her
coworkers, when in fact they're just horny neighborhood kids.  so you see, i am
in the business of supplying an outlet for fulfilling sexual fantasies...yours
and mine included."  so that's how she knew about me wanting to make it with
that young girl.  she must have delved into my mind and found out my sexual
fantasies!  i pleaded with her, "please...what do you want me for?  you can
have me...just don't blackmail me or my friends...please!"  she laughed and
then jumped upon the bed.  she grabbed both of my legs and pulled them apart.
she stuck her pointed nose of her mask into my cunt and started to lick me.  i
said, "please don't hurt me.."  she quickly looked up and said, "what's the 
matter?  my face isn't good enough for your cunt?"  i replied, "no..nothing 
like that..i..."  she quickly cut me off, "silence!  the only things i want
coming from your mouth are moans and screams of passion!"  with that, she
went back down on me and started sucking and licking my still wet vagina.  i
just lay back and let her do with me what she will.  occasionally i look at
the television screens, seeing those other women in the midst of, or nearing
their climaxes...all of this was strangely exciting to me.  it didn't take me
long to begin responding to my captor's probing tongue...in a few seconds i was
moaning and feeling tingles shot from me twat all up and down my body.  i felt
her pull me tightly against her face, rubbing her masked face all over my cunt
lips.  in a couple of seconds i started heaving myself against her...my body
straining against the bonds as i explode in a furious orgasm...gushing my
juices against her face.  i think she got off too because she moaned and then
collapsed inbetween my legs.  then she sat up and said, "whew...it was fine
before, but it's even better now that i've brought you off without hypnosis."
then she slid off the bed and grabbed something off the table which was next
to the foot of the bed.  she quickly dove onto the bed once again and reached
over and pushed a button on one of the monitors.  i looked over and saw a young
blonde girl, slightly tanned, who was sleeping peacefully with her legs pro-
vacatively spread apart.  then the woman pointed to the monitor and said, "that
is your next project."  and as she said this, i felt her insert an object into
my savaged vagina.  i lay back helplessly and ask, "what are you going to do to
me now?"  she laughs and says, "you make it sound like i've been torturing you
or something...from how i've seen your hot little body reacting, i know i'm
been giving it nothing but pleasure."  i feel her start to slowly move the 
little wand up and around my pussy.  "remember, i've hypmotized you before, so
i know just how to pleasure you."  she now moves between my legs and moves them
further apart.  she continues by saying, "my son has been sexually repressed
ever since that girl there laughed at him when he tried to ask her out on a
date.  now the only way i figure he can get cured of this is if he has a live
fuck...w/ you & her!" i go, "please can't you find..." just as i try to ask why
she couldn't find someone else, i feel the wand inside me start vibrating.  it
involuntarily makes my legs want to go together but she forces them apart, as
the little wand gets pushed further up my pussy.  she goes, "c'mon now...i know
you'd love to be his first conquest...to have his long slender cock inside your
sweet wet pussy..."  she's right...there's something about having a cock up
inside you to start getting you really aroused.  the little vibrations are 
hitting just the right nerve endings as i feel myself being seduced by this
mechanical dildo.  she says, "that's it...just lay back and let me explain the
plan to you.  i want you to teach my boy how to make love to you, then i want
you to help him make love to his little fantasy cheerleader girl.  i recently
got her alone in the locker room just after she and her friends got finished
with swimming.  i bet her swimsuit is still wet beneath her clothes!"  all of
this was filling my head with all sorts of erotic images, as well as making my
body feel like one big throbbing sexual instrument.  "and the best part of it
is, once you get that done, i'll let you try out my wand here on your little
fantasy girl."  i see her flip the monitor to my right and see that little girl
in her short shorts and tank top laying on her side in the fetal position.  as
i turn back to my tormentor, she says, "yes, that will be your payment...after
all, you should get paid for babysitting my little boy."  the last thing i
remember is that that hot little wand's burst of energy, as i pass out.  i then
wake up on a bed to find i have my clothes back on again.  i smell like i've
had an herbal bath.  i sit up and wonder if this has all been just a dream.  i
quickly discover it's not, as i notice that young cheerleader girl laying right
next to me.  she just laying there, just as i saw her on the tv screen.  i then
notice to the other side of me is a young boy, naked with his hard dick stick-
ing straight in the air!  as i get off the bed i hear a voice over the loud-
speaker saying, "hello Kelly...have a good nap?  i took the liberty of giving
you a bath and perfuming all of your special spots to get you all nice and
ready.  my son is currently dreaming of you sucking on his cock.  now when i
give the signal, you will go down on him and when he wakes up, he will just be
continuing his fantasy.  and of course when the time is right, i'll start the
hypnotic suggestion on sleeping beauty over there and everyone will have a 
great time!  now my little slut, go over and focus in on my son's lovely little
dick."  as i walk towards the bed, i am mesmerized by his throbbing member.  i
feel myself quickly getting hot once again.  i hear a voice saying, "yes, take
it inside your mouth...use your hot lips to make it all moist and slippery." i
jumped along side the boy and began to devour his cock.  i held the base of it
with my hand and went up and down in a steady sucking motion.  i thought i had
hear a little bell sound, and shortly thereafter, i feel him move beneath me. i
continued to lick and suck on his hard throbbing dick.  i hear him begin to 
moan as i'm sure he's conscious by now.  i move around slightly so i can get a
look at his face.  he's moving his head from side to side and moaning louder.
i start gently licking up and down his shaft, occasionally running my fingers
up and down the length of his hard cock, feeling it pulse and throb against my
lips.  finally i stop sucking on it and start running my fingers up and down,
faster and faster until i feel his ejaculation welling up and finally explode
all over my hand and down to his legs and stomach.  he looks down at me and
continues to moan as i carefully massage his penis to shoot out all its worth.
he then looks over at his fantasy girl and gives me a worried look.  i say,
"it's alright...i'll show you how to make love to her."  i go back down between
his legs and slowly lick his excess jism off his legs and around his pubic
area.  i occasionally stop and lick his hairless balls on my way to licking
up all his tasty sperm.  i feel him starting to grow once again.  after i lick
his body clean, i back off for a second.  then i set back and slowly remove my
clothes.  i start unbuttoning my blouse.  once it is completely undone, i then
remove it.  i notice my captor has fitted my with a lacy pink bra that barely
covers my tits.  i notice his dick becoming even larger.  mesmerized by it, i
completely focus on it as i undo and let my skirt drop to my ankles.  i quickly
free my aching tits by removing my bra.  i then put my arms at my sides and put
my fingers in the waistband of the tiny pink satin panties and slowly ease them
them down my legs.  i step out of my skirt and wet panties and make my way to
the bed, still focusing on his now throbbing dick.  i straddle his little body
and slowly ease his long thin dick into my wet and ready pussy.  i hear him
moan with delight.  i tell him, "let me do the work...i'll slowly start moving
up and down on you, so just relax and enjoy."  i notice him nod and so i start
moving up and down, letting him fuck the entire length of my pussy.  i notice
he is thinking about reaching up for my tits, so i say, "go ahead...feel free
to touch me any way you like...i won't bite.."  with that he reaches both hands
up to my tits and barely touches them.  even those light touches send my little
nipples sticking out like spikes.  he then starts massaging them as i continue
to fuck him.  as i begin to pick up the pace i notice he's now laying flat on
the bed, occasionally meeting my thrusts as i continue to go up and down with
his dick buried into my pussy.  suddenly i feel him tense up and shoot his come
into my cunt canal.  i make my pussy tighten up a little to milk his tender 
little cock as i lean forward to give him a kiss.  as he comes off his orgasm,
he apologizes to me about coming too soon.  i tell him, "that's ok...it's very
understandable."  i start running my hands slowly up and down his torso. "i 
enjoyed it very much...and i'm still very hot for you."  i feel his cock, which
is still up inside of me begin to twitch ever so slightly.  while it excites me
to go again with him, i back off of him for a second.  i adjust me position on
him and take him into my mouth again.  i suck all his gism and my come off of
his prick...ummmm....it's so delicious...i'm getting so hot in anticipation of
what is coming next.  as soon as i feel his dick getting hard again in my mouth
i tell him, "now for your formal education...come over here."  i get behind the
young girl, and instruct the young boy to sit alongside her and face her front.
i left her up so her back is against me and i wrap my hands around her waist to
hold her up.  "now, slowly unbutton her blouse."  as he is starting to do this,
i put my nose in her luscious blonde hair and breathe...ummm...she smell sooo
good!  once he has her blouse completely undone i say in a throaty voice, "now
start gently rubbing her breasts."  i hear another chime in the background and
notice her beginning to move as he starts slowly rubbing her tits through her
swimsuit.  i say, "good...you see she likes that."  as he continues to massage
her breasts, i notice her head move slightly.  i then say, "lets take off her
blouse so it doesn't get in the way."  so i push her forward slightly and we
both peel her blouse down each arm and off.  then i let her lean back against
me once more.  i encourage him to get closer and concentrate on touching her
little nipples.  i demonstrate by gently rubbing each of them with the tips of
my fingers.  i notice them become hard in no time.  i tell him, "now you take
over...and keep working on them like i've been."  as he moves in to continue
working on her nipples, i feel her head again move slightly to the side.  i can
feel her breathing becoming more and more heavy as i pull her tighter against
me.  i also feel my juices flowing out of my cunt and down my thighs as i'm
supervising his efforts on her little breasts.  trying to hide some of my own
excitement, i try and distract him by saying, "ok, why don't you let me work
on her breasts while you get her pants off."  he quickly says ok and gets be-
tween her legs and starts unfastening her jeans.  i resume massaging her little
tits, alternating between kneeding her breasts and touching her nipples.  her
head is now starting to move slightly up and to the side and back and forth.  i
take an opportunity to kiss around her lovely smooth neck as he is distracted
by trying to unfasten all of the buttons of her jeans.  when he is finally done
i look down and watch him slowly pull her pants slowly down and off her breath-
takingly beautiful, perfect, slightly tanned legs.  she's left with only her
socks and her one piece bathing suit now.  i want to hump her so bad!  but i
quickly gather myself and say to him, "ok, you go ahead and remove her socks
and start running your hands up and down her legs, while i'll work on removing
her suit."  i quickly pull down the straps from her shoulders and down her 
arms.  i look down and gaze at both her little tits as they pop free of her
bathing suit.  they're so pert and cute...i want to devour each of them and
suck on her pretty pink nipples.  but i settle for reaching around and fondling
them while my little beauty's arms are pinned against her body by the top of
her suit.  i notice she's beginning to spread her legs apart now..and i also
notice her beginning to moan -- don't know if it's from my stimulation of her
tits or my little boy's roaming hands.  i tell him to go ahead and pull the
rest of her suit off of her.  he grabs both straps and slowly starts to work
it down and off her hot little body.  i take time to notice her pubic area as
it comes into view...so luscious...just a little covering of blonde down-like
hair.  and her little pussy lips have almost ripened into full maturity...and
look to be very moist as well!  oh how i wish i could ravish her gorgeous body
all by myself!  but i gather myself again and matter of factly tell him it's
time to learn how to properly go down on a woman.  i gently lay her back down
on the bed and move to get inbetween her legs.  i say, "now a woman is very
sensitive around her vaginal area.  you have to be very delicate as you kiss 
and lick between her legs.  here, let me show you."  i start kissing my way up
her creamy thighs until i reach her little musky pussy.  i carefully hold her
pussy lips slightly open with my thumbs and begin licking the outsides of her
lips very lightly with the tip of my tongue.  then i stick my tongue inside of
her juicy pussy and lick upward up to her clit and onto her feathery little
mound.  i noticed she slightly arched her back and moved down her hips down
towards me.  she's also starting to moan louder and is now squirming on the
bed.  i tell him, "see...she's really getting into it now."  i'm tempted to
continue to eat her, but it would make it seem like i'm enjoying it too much.
so i tell the boy, "ok, now it's your turn.  now remember, be slow and delicate
with her."  i move back behind my little barbie doll and let him kneel between
her wet thighs.  as he buries his face in her pussy, i take the opportunity to
wrap my arms around her, using both my hands to kneed her breasts and pull her
tight against me.  i then start kissing her little shoulders and around to the
back of her neck and around up to the base of her earlobe.  i hear her uttering
little gutteral moans now as i sense she's about ready to cum.  i tell the boy,
"you're doing a great job...i think she's about to cum...press your face really
tightly against her pussy and she should flood you with her juices."  i notice
he's really been getting into it...he's been pulling her legs tightly against
his face, and notice his dick is sticking straight out.  after a couple more
squeezes to her breasts, i feel her body tense up and feel her arching her back
and pushing her sweet little pussy against his mouth.  oh how i wish i had a
dick to stick up her juicy cunt now!  i yell to the boy, "here it is...she's
coming!"  i hear him moan as he start sucking the juices from out little girl's
quivering pussy.  as i feel her begin to relax, i say, "ok, back off for a 
second."  he finishes licking her pussy, and i say to him, "now's the time to
fuck her."  he quickly starts getting into position, while i lift her little
hips off the bed to meet his long, thin prick.  i delicately take ahold of it
and slowly guide it into the little girl's swolen cunt.  i say, "remember, long
smooth strokes at first...no need to rush it...it will be better for both of 
you to take it slow and easy."  heeding my advice he starts stroking her in and
out slowly and firmly.  i get out from underneath her to allow him to have full
access to her hot, prone little body.  he then lays down on top of her while
continuing to drive himself into her.  i watch her face...she's got her eyes
closed and has an expression of total erotic bliss.  i notice now he's cupping
both of her breasts as he continues fucking her.  she's now moving her head 
from side to side and screaming with passion.  oh, what an erotic sight!  two
young lovers fucking one another, with their hot sweaty bodies pressed tightly
together...i almost cum by just by watching!  i back off from the scene and let
them both enjoy their orgasms.  as i'm doing so, i'm grabbed from around my
waist and my mouth is covered from a hand.  i struggle at first, then relax
when i hear a voice say, "be quiet and don't turn around!"  i nodd.  i feel a
hand go between my legs and the husky voice says, "i saw you in action over
there...you were really getting into it...don't deny it...i could see it in
your face.  now keep your eyes focused on them while i finish you off!"  i feel
something long and thick enter my pussy.  i gasp and then finally take it's
entire length inside of me.  i feel her hot breath against my neck as she
begins thrusting her hard dildo into my dripping pussy.  i try and suppress my
moans as she continues smashing her cock into me while running her hands up and
down the length of my body, while continuing to watch the young girls face
contort with pleasure as she's about to erupt with another orgasm.  the smell
of sex is so hot and heavy in the air...i feel myself starting to cum.  the
dull ache in my loins is quickly spreading throughout my contorting body..my
pussy starts contracting against the intruding dildo.  my hips start thrusting
down on the rock hard cock, as her hands to return to my mouth to suppress my
moans of delight as i ride out my intense orgasm.  that's the last thing i
remember before i pass out again.

i awake again, this time in the bedroom of that neighbor girl.  she's laying
there just as i saw her earlier on the monitor.  i see the little wand that
was used on me laying next to her.  i also see a note attached to it.  i move
over and read the note.  it says, "here's your reward for a job well done.  you
deserve your fantasy now that you've provided yourself for the fantasies of me
and my friends.  she is all primed and ready.  all you have to do is start 
using the wand on her and she'll start responding.  you will have a tape of all
of what went on involving you.  all other prints will be destroyed.  have fun
with your prebubescent friend!  see ya around, Kelly..."  i wonder what that
means.  anyway, i can't resist finally being able to make love to this budding
little beauty of mine.  i turn on the little dildo and start running it up and
down her legs.  i notice her beginning to stir.  i continue running it between
her thin creamy thighs and around under her green shorts.  i then move it up 
and down and around, tracing the outline of her little cunt on top of her 
shorts.  i see her legs move apart slightly.  i climb on top of her and run my
little wand up over both titties and over her torso through her white tank top.
i notice her breathing is beginning to pick up.  i got to get into her pants!
i set the dildo aside for the moment, and reach up and unzip her pants.  i undo
the top button and slowly ease them down her long, thin legs.  i think they're
so beautiful...so lily white and smooth.  i finally get her pants down and off
of her.  i notice her cotton panties have little heart-shaped designs on them.
they look so cute!  i crawl inbetween her legs and start rubbing my way up her
inner thighs to the legbands of her panties.  i crawl further up her and start
kissing the little cotton crotch between her legs.  i move my hands up her body
and start rubbing her breasts through her tank top.  i hear her moan and spread
her legs further apart.  i take this opportunity to pull one of her legbands
aside and stick my finger up the slot and rubbing and kissing her clit.  this
starts her squirming a little more and well as elicting a few more moans of
pleasure.  i stop for a moment and straddle her body.  i lift her top up and
over her arms.  she has a small, polka-dotted bra on underneath...barely more
than a training bra!  she looks like she's just budding into adolescence in
front of me.  i look back up at her face.  i hear her mumbling something.  then
i notice her eyes open...she's looking right at me!  i freeze for a moment, not
sure of what to do.  then her eyes close once again and her head moves to the
side and again i hear a slight mumbling coming from her.  i climb on top of her
and kiss her full on the lips.  i reach my arms underneath her and pull her 
tightly against me.  i grind my hairy mound against her as i thrust my tongue
into her mouth.  oh now i want to fuck her right here and now!  i release my
kiss from her lips and begin kissing my way around her face, down both sides of
her neck and down her shoulders.  during this time, my hands roam underneath
her and unhook her bra.  i hear her moan something else once again.  i move up
and silence her with another strong kiss to the lips.  when i release the kiss,
i discard the bra and begin gently massaging her tits with my fingertips.  she
then starts squirming underneath me and moaning louder and louder.  i then go
to her breasts and begin suckling on them.  more "ohhhhhhhhs..." escape her 
lips.  they're just so ripe and wonderful...i reach up and start fondling the
other one while sucking on her.  suddenly i feel her body begin to tremble
beneath me...i start nibbling at her little tittie while grabbing and kneeding
the other little breast as i feel her legs pinch up against mine.  i hear her
screaming, "ohhhhhh....owwwwwwwwww......uggggghhhhhhhhhh....ohhhh....yessssss!"
as she struggles and squirms against me.  finally when she relaxes a little i
reach down inside the front of her panties and begin to finger her cunt. i feel
her jump a little bit, but i carefully ease it up inside her until she's able
to take it completely inside her hot, moist little cunt.  as slowly begin to
finger-fuck her, i start gobbling on her other little orb.  i hear her mumbling
once again, but this time i hear what she's saying.  she moans, "take me..take
me, please..."  i pause for a moment and look at her.  she again says, "oh 
please take me..."  i run my free hand across her face and lips..."ohhh..take
me...take my completely, lover!"  then she closes her eyes and turns her face
to the side.  i quickly move off of her and start lowering her panties down 
and off her legs.  i spread her legs far apart and bury my face in her almost
hairless twat.  i hear her moan with pleasure.  i start tonguing and kissing
every fold of her delicious little cunt.  mmmmm...her juices mixed with her
little droplets of sweat taste so good!  i continue to lick, suck and kiss her
little cunt and clit, while i notice she's starting to heave against me once
again.  i take the little wand and place it inside her cunt.  i hear another
little shriek of passion.  i turn it on high and quickly climb on top of her.
i put my hand inbetween her legs and start stroking it in out while i begin
thrusting against her.  the vibrations of the dildo also reach my clit while
continue to heave myself against her.  my other hand is running up and down all

continued on next page..


over the rest of her little contorted body...i kiss her other exposed areas as
well.  suddenly i feel myself about ready to cum...i quicken my pace on her and
feel her hips grind up against me.  that does it for me and i lock my legs 
around hers and pull her as tight as i can against me and ride out my 
shattering orgasm.  as i collapse on top of her, i pull out the dildo and
suck some of the juices off of it...nothing beats the taste of sweet cum!  i
turn to look at her again.  she looks at me and says wearily..."thanks..thanks
so much, Kelly...it was fantastic!"  i can't believe it...she knew it was
actually me!  i gently hold her face and give her a kiss on the forehead.  then
i say, "did you really like it?"  i ask her.  she responds, "oh yes...i've 
always wanted to know what it would be like to make it with a woman.  i have
a friend who first asked me about it, but we never really got beyond just 
rubbing and touching one another."  i told her, "you're so very beautiful..i
love your hair...your gorgeous body...your perfect legs..."  she says, "oh i
don't think i look that pretty...i know i got a bruise on one leg and my
breasts aren't that full...and i almost look anorexic."  i kiss her and say,
"oh no...you have a perfect body.  i love your legs and your breasts.  in fact,
i want to tell you i've fantasized making love to you for a long time now." she
giggles and said, "i often wondered about that...i mean, whenever you looked at
me for very long, i began to feel a little funny inside."  i laugh and say, "i
hope it didn't make you sick or anything!"  she smiles and says, "oh no...it
made me feel warm and loved."  after we kiss, once again, i black out.  i awake
to the soft kisses of my new teenage lover.  she says, "wake up, sleeping 
beauty."  i dreamily awaken and say, "hi...where are we?"  she answers, "i 
think we're still in the house...i remember looking over at you, and the next
thing i remember was waking up next to you with our clothes over there in a
pile."  i notice i seem to be fully dressed.  "i also took the liberty of 
getting you dressed as well."  i kiss her and say, "thank you...i appreciate
it a lot...i think both of us have implanted some sort of post-hypnotic sug-
gestion which can put us under at anytime.  whoever's put it in our heads has
almost total control over us...in fact, it's hard to tell what's real and what
isn't."  she smiles and says, "well at least i know you're real...and gives me
a lingering kiss."  then she says, "quick...come here...i found something when
i was waundering around."  i take her hand and she leads me to what appears to
be a secret control room behind a staircase.  we close the door behind us and
step inside.  "look here...they're a bunch of tapes here...the only one that
has a label on it is this one...the one with your name."  i quickly take it
from the rack.  "hmmm...it appears this is the tape in the note that was left
next to you when i woke up in your room...it would seem i was meant to find
this room."  she then says, "i wonder why i don't have a tape...not that i'm
complaining...."  i then say, "well, probably because you're underage...i bet
they didn't want to get in trouble..."  i notice there is a checkoff sheet
on the desk.  there is a name which is blacked out, then there are two other
names.  mine, and renee carson.  i say, "i think when we get our tapes they
cross off our names and we're free to go...but i see renee is still in here
somewhere."  she asks me, "do you know her?"  i say, "yes i do...she is a
student worker who works in your department..and i saw her on one of the
monitors with another coworker of mine...i wonder if she's in on all of this
or just like one of us...well, in any case, why don't we see if we can get
out of here now that i have my tape."  "sounds good to me", she says.  we both
step out of the room and head upstairs.  as we turn the corner, i hear moaning
coming from one of the rooms.  we both turn and peer in and see renee carson
lying on a bed with a large woman sitting perpendicular to her attempting to
unfasten her blouse.  she immediately sees us and takes off running.  we both
run into the room...the little girl runs to renee, while i hold the door open.
while doing so, i notice the women running down a hallway..but across from me
i see another hallway with light shining underneath it.  i tell her to bring
renee this way and before long we are in the living room and out the door.  i
put renee in the backseat with the neighbor girl and drive away to my house.
once we get inside, we lay her on my bed.  then we start talking.  "what shall
we do for her...i've tried to wake her up but it seems like she's dreaming 
or something."  i notice a piece of paper sticking out from her pocket.  it
reads, "i really couldn't do much more with her.  why don't you try?  she can
only be awakened by completing her fantasy.  then she will go to sleep for 1
hour and awaken once again.  have fun!"  i hear renee moan again, and move her
hands up and down her body...moving over her breasts and down over her legs and
then stretch out.  "why don't we do it?  she's making me awful hot looking at
her like this....she's so beautiful."  i say, "yes, but what if she wakes up?"
i hear renee moan some more.  then she puts her hand up renee's jean clad leg
and says, "well, we could say we're hypmotized."  i still feel a little uneasy
about this...but at the same time it's getting me aroused too.  renee lets out
another gutteral moan and squirms some more on the bed.  by this time i notice
the girl's fingers have made their way to renee's crotch.  "wow...she is really
hot down here...it must be some wild dream!", she exclaims.  i hear something
else escape renee's lips.  i lay closer to her to try and pick up what she's
saying.  inbetween her moans, she seems to be uttering something about someone
going down on her.  i say to cara, "i think she's dreaming about someone who's
licking her out...tho it's kinda hard to tell to understand what she's saying."
cara says, "i wish i was the one doing it with her...man she's hot...here, feel
her for yourself.."  she takes hold of my hand and places it with hers on the
jean clad crotch of renee's.  she moves it up and down...it feels hot and damp!
i find myself getting incredibly hot by all of this.  she's so erotic like
this...i can't resist having her.  suddenly the doorbell rings.  i quickly
gather myself and say to cara, "i'll get the door...you stay in here with
renee."  she nodds and i go out to answer the door.  it's a woman coworker
from morgan and the older woman whom i saw at the house.  i go outside and
meet her on the porch.  she says it's urgent and wishes to speak to me about
what happened in the house.  i tell her i'm really tired from all of that 
and i really couldn't tell her what's real and what isn't.  i tell her that
the only way to find out and get ourselves free of the hypnotic suggestions
is to go back there and confront everyone there.  she agrees and says she 
will stop by later to plan strategy.  she drives off and then i go back inside
the house.  i open the bedroom door and was about to talk w/ cara when i see
her sucking on one of renee's breasts.  at the moment renee is totally naked
and i notice cara has got her fingers inside renee's cunt.  i just stand there
transfixed for a second.  then i slowly walk over to the bed and lay down on
the other side of renee.  cara looks up and says, "i'm sorry...i just couldn't
resist.."  i reply, "neither can i...i think she's beautiful."  i then start
sucking on the other breast.  i run my hand up and down her smooth, luscious
body, paying special attention to her lovely parted thighs.  her moans are 
getting more high pitched now.  when i bring her nipple to a spike, i begin to
devour her entire breast and also give her nipple a few little love nibbles.  i
feel her chest heaving slightly upward from this.  i crawl even closer to her
and bury my face in her hair...ummmm....she smells so good!  i kiss her neck 
and shoulders and reach an arm under her and hold her closely.  i use my other
arm to continue stimulating her tits and lightly touching the rest of her prone
body.  i look at her face...her lovely little mouth is wide open and uttering
increasingly louder gutteral sounds.  i quickly move my free hand down to her
wet cunt and help cara bring her off.  i move my hand inside and join with her
in thrusting in and out of her.  i then start grinding my hips against her and
cara soon does the same.  within a few seconds i feel renee's cunt start con-
tracting against my hand and hear her start shrieking with delight.  then i
feel my own orgasm coming...i let out a quiet moan as i wrap my legs around
both renee's and cara's legs and thrust hard against renee's soft body.  i see
cara working her way to a climax as well.  while she's trying to finish herself
off, i sneak my fingers from renee's cunt and start lick off her juices...umm,
so delicious and sweet...i look back down and see cara beginning to cum.  it is
such a hot scene...cara's white, pale, thin, youthful legs wrapped around 
renee's tanned, voluptious, womanly legs.  i start kissing renee while cara 
rides out her orgasm.  when she finishes, i say, "whew...that was something
else...but i think we'd better get her dressed and fixed up before she really
does wake up."  cara agrees and we quickly give her a quick sponge bath and 
then get her clothes back on her.  cara then feels she should go home while i
drive renee home.  when she comes conscious, i tell her to relax and to give
me a call if she wants to talk.  but right now i tell her to rest, which she
quickly does.  i then drive back home and get ready for bed.

i take off all my clothes and put on a blue chemise w/ matching blue frilly
panties and quickly go off to sleep.  i am awakened by a knock on the door.
i put on a housecoat and open the door.  it's the older woman from the house.
she says, "is it ok to talk now."  i reluctantly nodd and let her in.  she
goes on to tell me of strange dreams she's been having.  she walks closer to
me.  i move over to the couch.  she continues by saying she thought that maybe
under the influence of that hypnotic suggestion, she may have had sex with me.
i tell her, i can't remember what was real and what wasn't.  she sits next to
me on the couch.  she mentions that she that it was her moving up behind me 
and fucking me with the plastic dildo.  i sit kinda stunned for a moment, and
she moves closer to me.  i instintively move farther down the couch, but she
continues to inch closer to me.  when she finally corners me, i try and get up,
but she takes her arm and pulls me back onto the couch.  when i turn and face
her, she says, "yes, i really do remember it now..."  she moves her free hand
down the front of my housecoat and undoes it.  "i remember coming up behind you
and touching your tender body."  she runs her hand gently over my tits, making
both my nipples stick out through the fabric.  "then i remember grabbing ahold
of you..."  she trails her hand down my torso.  "and then sticking my big hard
dong up your hot little pussy!"  as she easily moves aside the lacy crotch of
my panties and sticks a couple of fingers inside me.  "no...please..." i moan,
but my body's already seduced by her touch.  my legs begin to spread invol-
untarily as she frigs me with her fingers.  she then snaps open the buttons of
her skirt, revealing a garter belt and a strap on dildo.  she quickly climbs on
top of me and sticks it up inside of me.  then she whispers in my ear, "i knew
you wanted it, you little sexpot."  she starts plugging away at me...i'm power-
less to resist.  she's got me pinned up against the back of the couch and has
her hands gripping me just underneath my breasts.  "i knew your hot little cunt
would beg for me to fuck it...feel it move up inside you...feel it explore the
depths of your hot, wet pussy!"  i can only moan and let her thrust harder and
harder up inside of me.  i then feel her hands going up under my camisole and
touching and twisting at my nipples while she continues to fuck me.  within
seconds i feel my orgasm welling up inside of me...i heave against her pene-
trating dildo and pull her heaving chest up against me as i ride out the waves
of my fierce orgasm.  she then falls on top of me and wraps her arms around
me.  she then thrusts her tongue inside of me and gives me a long, lingering
kiss.  she withdraws herself from me and pats me on the head and leaves.

i wind up going to the bathroom and taking a shower.  i start soaping myself
up and running the washcloth all over my body when i notice someone outside of
the shower curtain.  before I can do anything, she enters my shower...it's 
cara.  she's completely naked and moves towards me.  just as i'm about to ask
her what she's doing here, she wraps her arms around me and gives me a kiss.
she then starts kissing down my neck and soon arrives at my breasts.  she gives
a coy grin and then starts licking and kissing each of my nipples.  I let out a
loud moan and collapes backwards against the wall of the shower.  she takes one
of her hands and gently starts kneeding the other breasts while nibbling on the
other.  I put my arms around her head and pull her against me.  I feel tiny
little sparks shoot up and down my body with each little caress of hers.  Then
she starts kissing her way down across my stomach and down between my legs.  i
keep my hands entwined in her luscious blonde hair while she starts kissing and
licking my hot wet twat.  She grabs ahold of my thighs and pulls them even
further apart while her tongue remains buried inside me.  The feeling of the
warm water cascading across my body and her hot little tongue inside of my 
vagina makes me dizzy with pleasure.  suddenly i'm beginning to lose myself in
ecstasy...i feel another dull ache welling up inside of me.  i start arching
my back against the wall and grab her hair and heave my cunt against her del-
icious mouth.  i feel my itchy twat collapsing around her tongue while my the
rest of my heaving body starts stiffening up and surrendering to my blissful
orgasm.   I then collapse on the floor of the bathtub.  I notice Cara take the
soap bar that I dropped earlier and place rub it in her hands.  She quickly
straddles my prone body and starts soaping up my breasts.  I close my eyes and
surrender to her caresses.  Then I hear her speak..."Kelly...I want you to do
a favor for me."  I moan and say, "Your wish is my command..."  While con-
tunuing to kneed my tits with her soapy hands, she replies, "Good...you see I
want to seduce my girlfriend...I've got her on the verge of girl-girl love, but
I want to put her over the top.  I feel if she sees you being taken by my boy-
friend, that'll get her hot enough to get into her pants."  The thought of 
being able to make it with a young boy while seducing a young girl really turns
me on.  "Sure...what do you want me to do?"  I feel her soapy hand start moving
down between my legs.  "First I want you to come to my bedroom.  Then I'll have
bring my boyfriend in and we'll be pretending to seduce you while Karen looks
on from the closet."  I feel her fingers start working themselves in out out of
my sopping cunt.  "Then after she gets a good look at everything, I'll bring
her out and we'll both work on her...how about it?"  I moan, "Yes...ohhh..Yes..
that sounds most exciting...!"  The fingers start moving faster and faster when
I feel my body giving way to another orgasm...my head goes back and forth as i
start shrieking with delight.  my body stiffens and shakes...all the while
with Cara on top of my dripping body and with her fingers still inside of me.
She then gives me one final lingering kiss and whispers in my ear, "Then I'll
see you tomorrow, love.."  She then withdraws her fingers from my vagina and
leaves.

The next day, I dress in a textured white pull-over bra with matching bikini-
style white cotton panties.  I have on a tank top and neon-yellow shorts. I put
on some sensual perfume in strategic spots of my body and head over to Cara's.
I hear some groaning...they must've started without me.  I slowly open the door
to her bedroom and see her massaging her young boyfriend underneathe the covers
of the bed.  Cara spots me and says, "Come in, Kelly...I was just giving my
boyfriend a massage.  Do you want one too?"  I act apprehensive and say, "Well
I really don't want to intrude...I can see you're busy, I'll just come back
later.."  She replies, "Don't be silly...besides you look a little tense, just
come over here and let me give you a backrub."  I kinda shrug my shoulders and
say, "Well ok...it's hard to turn down a nice backrub."  I sit down on the edge
of the bed between Cara and her boyfriend.  He basically adjusts his position 
on the bed and sits up against the headboard to accomodate room for me.  Cara
then sits behind me and starts massaging my neck.  I glance over to the closet
doors and notice they're slightly opened.  Though I can't see anything inside
of them, I know the little friend of Cara's is in there and already it's having
an intoxicating effect on me.  Gradually Cara starts massaging my shoulders and
then my upper arms.  I also notice the young boy is staring at me.  I quickly
glance away and look straight ahead.  Next I feel her hands move down my back
to around my waist.  Then her hands move up my sides and underneath my arms.  I
notice she moves a bit closer to me on the bed...I feel her breath on the back
of my neck.  Now I feel her hands slowly moving over my breasts.  I arch my 
neck and and lean back against her.  I feel her lips slowly start kissing the
side of my neck.  I let out a low moan and feel my panties start to get very
damp.  Off to the side, I notice her boyfriend has removed the covers from the
bed...he's completely naked underneath!  His prick is sticking straight up and
is throbbing.  I continue to stare at his stiff dick...it's almost hypnotic,
like it's drawing me to it by some sexual force.  I slowly reach out with one
of my hands and gently wrap my fingers around it.  I start gently stroking it.
I hear a moan escape his lips notice the rest of his body relaxing.  Meanwhile
Cara's taken advantage of the situation by moving one hand up underneath my
tank top and moving the other over my inner thighs and up through the leghole
of my shorts.  I feel her going over both of my tits through the thin material
of the cotton bra...making my little nipples poke through the fabric.  Her 
other hand has moved up inside my shorts and is massaging my pantied crotch.  I
am getting so hot, it's hard concentrating on massaging her boyfriend's cock.
I feel it getting stiffer and harder in my hands...I now feel the urge to go
down on him.  I basically shift my position on the bed and move down alongside
her boyfriend and grip his stiff prick in one hand and slowly take the length
of it inside his mouth.  I hear him gasp with pleasure.  I continue to pump
and suck his stiff little dick...loving the feeling of it throbbing and pulsing
in my mouth.  I notice Cara in the background is quickly taking off all her
clothes.  Meanwhile, I'm sucking it more fervently now...running my tongue up
and down the tasty shaft.  I grip the base firmly and start licking and sucking
it like a lollipop.  Suddenly I feel him stiffen up and feel the pre-cum juice
and his sperm start shooting off and filling my mouth.  I easily swallow all of
it and gently ease my mouth off his sated member.  I roll off of him and onto
my back.  Cara then climbs up onto the bed with a dildo in her hand.  She 
starts moving it up and down each of my inner thighs...occasionally rubbing it
up and down my crotch with each of her passes.  Then I feel her moving up each
leghole and then back over my crotch.  What a seductress she is!  I just lay
back on the bed and close my eyes and let her do with me what she will.  I hear
her say, "Ok, now go ahead and take off her clothes...you concentrate on her
getting her top off, I'll get into her shorts."  The boy moves in behind me and
grabs my top and pulls it over my arms and up.  He does the same w/ my bra.  He
says, "Wow...she has beautiful breasts...so full and perfectly round.."  I feel
him put both his rough hands on my tits and start rubbing them.  Meanwhile I
feel Cara tug at my shorts and pull them down my legs and off.  I then hear her
tell her boyfriend, "Good...keep on her tits...that'll keep getting her hotter
and hotter..."  Then I feel her rub the crotch of my wet panties and her her
say, "From how wet she is, I think she's pretty hot right now..." I feel her
grab at the waistband of my panties and ease them down and off my legs.  As he
continues to work on my breasts, I hear him say, "Look how hairy her mound is!
Man she's one hot babe!"  My cunt feels like it's on fire...I spread my legs
apart and undulate my hips towards Cara.  "She's almost ready...just one more
thing to do..."  I feel her move up inbetween my legs...then I feel the head
of the dildo slowly inch its way up my parted thighs...I moan and try and move
my hips to take it into my cunt.  She continues to tease me with it...moving it
up and down both my thighs and over and around my clit.  "Ugh...", I moan...in
a throaty voice I moan, "take me....take me...please..."  She tells her boy-
friend to leave my tits for the moment and get between her legs and watch for
a second.  As he moves down me, I notice he's rock hard once again.  She then
says, "Before you mount her, let me show you how to properly fuck a girl."  She
takes the dildo and puts it in her mouth.  "It helps to more easily slide into
a woman if you're properly lubricated...since she went down on you earlier that
should be no problem."  Then she eases the dildo past my cunt lips and pushes
it fully into my hot pussy.  I lower my head back down, close my eyes again and
relax.  I hear her say, "Ok, now start slowly.."  I feel her start sliding it 
in and out of my cunt.  I say..."yes...fuck me...fuck me good.."  I hear Cara
say, "See...she really digs it...look how hot she is...You can see how much she
wants it..."  Then she picks up the pace a little...moving it faster and faster
inside of me.  "Now you can start fucking her faster...the dildo has stretched
her little love canal nice and wide and all she feels now is how good the cock
feels up inside her."  She's right...I'm just thinking about all the little
sparks of pleasure I'm feeling shooting up my body from the huge dildo rubbing
inside my cunt.  Suddenly I'm shrieking with joy..."yes...yes...oh fuck me...
fuck me please!!"  He says, "Now?"  Cara says, "Just a couple more strokes..."
I'm writhing now against the bed and the dildo...wanting to cum so badly..when
I hear her say, "ok..she's ready...NOW!"  I feel her withdraw the plastic dildo
and suddenly the boy climbs on top of my body and quickly mounts me.  I feel
him stab his little dick quickly inside my now sopping cunt and start pumping
away at me.  I put my arms around him and meet every one of his thrusts.  I
feel my orgasm quickly welling up inside of me...within seconds I feel my cunt
constricting around his dick.  I wrap my legs around him and hug him tightly
against me...while my orgasm shoots up and down my body, I try and squeeze his
little dick as hard as I can...meanwhile I feel him shooting his liquid up 
inside me...heaving his little body hard against mine.  He thrusts harder and
harder as he drives at me for all he's worth, while I continue to meet his
thrusts and hang on even tighter to his writhing little body.  Finally we both
collapse are sweaty bodies onto the bed, with his softening member still inside
of me.  After a little bit, he gets up off me and says, "I hope you enjoyed it,
I know I sure did...thanks..."  I tell him that he was fantastic and I really
did enjoy it too.  He smiles and then gets off the bed, thanks Cara, then goes
out of the room.  I just continue to lay there with my legs spread, now feeling
the large damp spot of both our cum inbetween my legs, as well as the dampness
outlining beneath my sweaty body.  I then spot Cara walking towards the closet
door.  I hear a small ruckus inside the closet, while Cara slowly opens the
door.  I look directly at the door now and see that my friend had apparently
got very turned on at what all has happened...she's got her blouse only par-
tially buttoned and I can tell she hurriedly pulled up her denim shorts.  Just
imagining her getting hot at watching what all we did is getting my juices 
flowing once again.  I decide to just lay back on the bed and slowly close my
eyes so as not to let her know I'm not ogling her...I don't want to imtimidate
her or scare her off now that we've gotten her so close to getting into her
pants.  Out of the corner of my eye I notice Cara approaching her, putting an
arm around her waist and slipping a hand inbetween her legs.  I hear her say,
"Just relax...let me show you how to make love to a woman...come over here to
the bed."   I quickly close my eyes and relax.  I feel someone climbing onto
the bed between my legs.  I hear Cara say, "Here...come up here with me so you
can see what's going on."  Then I feel the girl climb onto the bed as well.
Cara then says, "I'm now going to go down on her...It's always been a fantasy
of mine to taste her juices mixed with my lover's jism."  Then I feel her lips
slowly start kissing my vagina.  I let out a little moan and spread my legs
further apart.  I hear Cara say, "Mmmm...she tastes great...Now you see, I
softly kiss the outside of her vaginal lips, and then when I feel her starting
to respond a bit more, then I'll force my tongue inside of her to really get
a good taste!"  I feel her putting both hands around my thighs and then feel
her mouth return to my pussy.  She starts varying her kisses...mixing light,
soft ones w/ passionate, wet, lingering ones.  I slowly move my pussy against
her luscious lips.  Next I feel her slurping at my pussy, as if she's sucking
on an apple or orange...then I feel her her tongue enter me.  Again I moan and
spread my legs further, allowing her tongue to go in deeper.  I feel it roaming
around inside of me, massaging and caressing my cuntal walls.  Then it comes 
out and starts licking my vaginal lips.  Then down further between my legs and
up to my throbbing clit.  Then I feel her occasionally lick the area inbetween
my thighs clean, and then return to my swollen pussy lips.  "Ummmm...ohhhhhh",
I moan...barely containing my excitement.  She continues to lick and suck me
until I feel myself grinding my hips against her beautiful face.  She stops 
for a second and I hear her say, "Wow...the taste of her juices and his cum
was even better than I imagined!  Do you want to taste it, Karen?"  After a
little hesitation, she says, "Well yeah I'd like to, but I still don't know if
I'm ready to do it yet."  Cara responds, "Well, here, let me give you a taste."
Again, out of the corner of my eye, I see Cara embracing Karen and giving her
a deep french kiss.  After they break off the kiss, Cara says, "There, how did
it taste?"  Karen replies, "You're right...it tasted great."  Cara again kisses
Karen, this time wrapping both arms around her and pulling her tight against 
her.  Then I notice Cara's hands roaming all over Karen's sweet little body. I
then notice Cara's hands dropping to Karen's buttocks and pulling them tight
against Cara's hips...almost humping her.  Then I notice one of her hands 
moving up Karen's body and rubbing across her breasts.  I notice a small moan
escape from Karen's lips.


will finish her off down here between her legs, why don't you go beside her and
start kissing up and above her waist and we'll both bring her off together!"
I then hear Karen say, "Ok.."  I feel her moving onto the bed to the left of
me.  Meanwhile I feel Cara's lips returning to my wet pussy, giving soft, wet
kisses to my lips.  I arch my back and grind my hips against Cara's face. Then
I feel Karen's dainty hands on my waist and feel her gingerly kissing the area
just above my pubic hair.  "Ohhhhhhhhhh.......Uhhhhhhhhhhh...."I moan loudly,
letting them know how much I love their caresses.  Cara continues flicking her
tongue up and inside of me, while Karen slowly begins kissing her way up my
writhing body.  I then feel both her hands delicately stroking my breasts.  In
no time, my nipples stick straight out.  I'm continue to moan and pant, feeling
another orgasm welling up inside of me.  Cara's tongue is roaming deeper in my
cunt and I can also feel her nibbling on my clit too.  I'm pushing my hips into
her face and using my legs to pull her lovely face into my cunt.  Meanwhile I
feel Karen's lips on one of my nipples..."OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH....YESSSSSSSSSS!"
I cry, loving the ectasy of the moment -- the feeling of Cara's beautiful locks
of hair on the pubic area, as well as the wanton lust of her tongue, and now
having Karen's dark brunette hair on my chest while sucking one of my tits is
just too much!  "Yesssss....ohhhh.....Yessssss.....YESSSSSSSSSSSSS!" I wail as
I feel my orgasm hitting me once again....I instictively use one of my arms to
wrap around Karen while my legs tighten around Cara's head as my hot, sweaty
body stiffens and shudders through my mind-blowing climax.  When I calm down a
bit, I whisper to Karen, "Ohhh...you were great!"  She turns to me and says, 
"Was I really?"  And I say, "Oh yes....you were fantastic..."  I take my hand
that's still beside her and give her a nudge and say, "Why don't you straddle
my body for a second...I'm really too weak to move at the moment."  She smiles
and says, "Sure.."  When she sits down on me, I can feel her wetness even thru
the crotch of her jeans!  I just look up at her and say, "You're a very pretty
young lady, Karen."  And she is...she looks like a younger version of me. She's
a little taller and her shoulders seem a little broader, but otherwise she and
I would've been identical sisters at the same age.  I can see why Cara wanted
to make love to the both of us.  Speaking of which, she now has climbed up in
back of Karen and has now wrapped her arms around her and has started kissing
the back of her neck.  Karen then closes her eyes and leans back against Cara.
That's when I make my move to start running my hands up and down Karen's smooth
thin legs.  Then I see Cara start rubbing Karen's breasts through her blouse,
which elicits some moans from Karen's lips.  I continue rubbing up and down her
legs, occasionally stopping around her crotch area, where I dig my thumbs into
where her mound is.  I can't wait to get into her pants...but I'd better let
Cara make the first move.  Suddenly Cara starts unbuttoning Karen's blouse and
in just a few seconds has it completely undone.  I see a small, frilly white
bra underneath.  That's when I slowly go to the top button of her jeans and
ever so carefully unbutton it.  Then I slide the zipper down as far as it will
go.  Next Cara lifts her blouse up and over her head.  Then she deftly unhooks
her bra and removes it as well.  Then she pulls her down onto the bed while I
roll over to get inbetween her legs.  While Cara starts sucking on her little
titties, I start working her denim shorts down and off her legs.  She's wearing
thin, white satin panties.  I reach up and start rubbing her wet, pantied 
crotch...wanting to get a feel for how good it feels to have the silk rubbing
against her vagina.  I feel her little bod start responding to my caresses.  I
can hear her breathing becoming more hot and heavy.  I can also hear more moans
escape her tiny lips.  Finally I grab both sides of her little panties and ease
them down and off her legs.  For a young girl, she's got a pretty a nice crop 
of peach fuzz down there.  I quickly spread her legs apart and start kissing
her hot, wet cunt.  I feel her hips begin to undulate.  I grab both her thin
thighs and pull her cunt to my mouth.  I tongue up and around her little pussy
lips.  Then I lick up her entire cunt and flick her little clit with the tip
of my tongue.  Finally I hold her little pussy lips apart and start licking 
the insides of her cunt.  First I remain just on the inside of her little
pussy lips, then I go deep inside her.  This really gets her off, I hear her
screaming with pleasure and beginning to heave herself against me.  I keep
on licking and sucking her...loving the taste of her juicy slit.  Suddenly I
feel her legs quaking against me and her screaming with delight...I look up and
see her eyes closed and mouth wide open panting and wailing w/ ecstasy.  I
climb up to where Cara was and she replaces me inbetween her legs.  I start
running my hands all along her neck and shoulders and around her upper arms and
back again.  I get her all nice and relaxed.  As I'm touching her, I notice
again how beautiful she is...she's got a small amount of freckles from her
cheeks, down her neck and across her little tities...ummm...she looks so
delectable!  First I gently start to titilate her nipples with the tips of my
fingers.  Then I use my fingernails to rub the very tips of her nipples.  I
feel her squirming under me as I do so.  I now start using the palms of my 
hands to kneed her breasts -- first rubbing them in a circular motion towards
one another, then against one another.  "Ohhhhh yesss....that feels sooo good!"
I hear her squeal.  Finally I adjust my position so that I can put both my arms
around and underneath her, while pinning her arms at her sides.  Next I lower
my mouth on her budding little titties.  I start sucking up and down on both
of them...putting the entire breast in my mouth and finish by pulling on each
tit with my lips.  This really causes her to pant hot and heavy.  Then I start
licking up and around each little breast, feeling myself wanting to lick off 
each of her little freckles off her titties.  I then move my tongue up to her
nipples, alternating between each tit.  This gets her nipples pointing up like
large goosebumps and getting her more and more hot.  Next I start gently biting
her little nipples...this starts sending her into a frenzy.  I hear her moaning
and screaming with delight...I feel her body wrenching against mine, but I hold
her fast.  I finally start rubbing my own nipples against hers while kissing up
her scrumpious neck and then tonguing her ear.  That seemed to do it for her,
as I feel her dramatically tense up and heave herself downward towards Cara's
waiting face.  I then start kissing around her face and start kissing her hard
on the lips, forcing my tongue inside her.  I continue to rub myself against 
her while she rides out her hot, little climax.  When she settles down, I 
suggest get inbetween Cara's supple legs and eat out her hot, drippy cunt.  So
Karen rolls over onto her stomach and moves down inbetween Cara's parted legs.
I meanwhile begin kissing up from Karen's dainty feet up inbetween her creamy,
smooth parted thighs.  I then climb on top of her and run my hands up and down
her scrumptious legs.  She moves her legs further apart for me.  Next I start
kissing down her back...starting at the nape of her neck, all the way down to
the little peach fuzz of dark hair near her buttocks.  I then straddle one of
her legs and start kissing each perfect, round buttock...while continuing to
run my hands up, down, and around her hot, little bod.  At this time it's hard
to descern as to who's moaning...both my little girls are moaning and squealing
at the moment.  I continue massaging her, this time using my hand to go up each
of her sensitive inner thighs until I reach her wet slit.  I ease a couple of 
my fingers into her vagina.  Then I slowly start working them in and out..while
occasionally using my thumb to play with her clit.  While frigging Karen, I rub
myself on Karen's stiff leg...pretending it was a dick that was just alongside
my wet cunt.  Within a couple of minutes I feel Karen's cuntal muscles start
collapsing around my fingers, while I feel my own orgasm start hitting my hot
loins.  I also hear Cara huffing and puffing and panting and screaming with 
delight as well.  Suddenly all of us come at about the same time and we all 
wind up collapsing against one another, our sweaty bodies lying in a tangled
heap.

The End.


