~Subject: NEW Story: Lespiss 1
~From: an84@anon.penet.fi (Radagast)

===============================================================

    Lesley reached down between her legs.  She gripped a lip
between finger and thumb with each hand.  She pulled her cunt open. 
Wide open.

   Looking up from between her friends legs, Cindy smiled
blissfully knowing that soon, the hot golden fluid would be washing
over her beautiful face.  She stared into the hot pink pit that
soon would drench her in the strong smelling salt fluid.  She tried
to spot the tiny hole that would soon emit a flow of hot piss,
straight into her face.

   She could smell Lesley's arousal, see the swollen inner lips and
droplets of cunt juice.  Lesley's fat labia were pinched by finger
and thumb and stretched wide open.

   "Please Lesley, don't make me wait," pleaded Cindy, "piss on me
baby, on my face, in my mouth, I want to drink your golden juice!"

   The pleading was part of the game, and Cindy knew that her
request had to be sincere, or Lesley would waste her piss down the
toilet.  It had happend before.

   Lesley smiled down on Cindy.  Lesley squatted down, bringing her
cunt closer to Cindy's eagerly open mouth.  "You sure you want this
stinking piss in your face?" 

   "Yes, plee-a-s-e!  I want to bathe in your filth, to fill myself
with your sweet urine, to worship even this dirty part of you."

   Lesley smiled, and began to flex her bladder muscles.  A small
dribble of piss leaked from her urethra.  With a squeal of delight
Cindy leant forward.  Drips of piss dribbled onto her face and she
thrust her tongue into the wet vagina beneath the jets of urine
that continued to trickle from Lesley's cunt. 

   She thrust her tongue into the hot wet tube of flesh.  She
revelled in the wetness of the cunt juice and the dribbles of piss
that were running down each side of her nose, over her cheeks and
chin.

   The mixture of hot piss and cunt juice was exhilirating Cindy.
Turning her on even more than the three fingers she had crammed
into her asshole.  More than the excitement her thumb, jammed into
her own squelching cunt, was arousing.

   But Cindy wanted more, this trickle was only teasing her.  She
wanted more than a taste, she wanted to feel the hot fluid
splashing into her mouth.  What she couldn't swallow, she want to
feel dribbling down her chin, falling from there to her tits and
running down to her own cunt.  Cindy groaned, "More!  Flood my
mouth with your hot salty piss!" 

   Lesley, who had been holding back, waiting for this request,
gave her bladder a vicious squeeze and the trickles turned into a
solid golden stream of piss.  She watched it gush from her slit and
into the face of her friend.

   Moving her head blindly, Cindy tried to bring her open mouth
into the direct flow of jet.  The gold fluid missed her groping
mouth, splashed off her nose, closed eyes and cheeks.  It ran down
her smooth body, over her tits and into the hair at the base of her
belly. 

   It collected in the palm of the hand that was working so
vigorously in her cunt and ass.  As she pushed the fingers into her
asshole and thumb into her dripping hole, her palm slapped against
her lips and the piss splashed out over her legs.

   Finally, after a cry of frustration, Cindy moved her mouth so
that the flow of urine landed directly in her seeking mouth.  Her
mouth rapidly filled with the pungent fluid, the taste of it
reminding her of other times when her urge to abase herself had
been satisfied in this way. 

   Cindy didn't understand why the debasement appealed so strongly,
others would find it disgusting.  To Cindy it was the greatest
compliment she could pay her lover.  To swallow, to revel and to
worship this unsavoury byproduct of life.

   The warmth and intimacy of the act also appealed, but it was the
wallowing in the sense of degradation and disgust that provided the
greatest thrills, and Cindy knew that Lesley had a specially
disgusting treat in store for her tonight, if she was good...

   "Swallow my piss you bitch," growled Lesley, "let me see your
throat pulse as you drink it."  "If you don't you won't get your
treat..."

   Not needing the encouragement Cindy gulped at the bitter fluid
that was pooling at the back of her mouth.  Swallowing with her
mouth open had taken little time to learn, time during which she
had spilt a lot of piss and angered Lesley.  But now Cindy was able
to choke down most of the strong smelling liquid that jetted from
the cunt inches away from her face.

   Lesley could feel the relief that discharging the urine provided
her bladder.  This on top of the excitement of abusing her friend
this way.  A way she knew Cindy enjoyed. 

   For Lesley, the thrill of knowing that Cindy would do this
filthy act as a display of worship for her was incredibly exciting. 
It gave her the incentive to think of new ways to degrade and
excite Cindy... and she had a great one instore tonight.

   As the last drips of piss slipped down the pubic hairs and were
eagerly licked up by Cindy, Lesley turned and faced away from
Cindy's dripping face.

                           End of Part I 
