Archive-name: Changes/forsale.txt
Archive-author: Leslie Forte 
Archive-title: Panties for Sale


      Tom had not intended to go this far, but the feel of the soft  
underthings had taken over control of his actions.  Sylvia, his wife,  
would not be home for another three hours, so he had decided to go  
all out.  This was not a first for Tom, no indeed.  He had been  
dressing up in his wife's clothes for almost six years now.  She was  
never suspicious, because he always took pains to fold everything  
neatly, and replace it in the same position it had been before.   
      Today he had taken a shower, and had only intended to try on  
the new bikini panties he had bought her the other day.  Being slim  
himself, they fit beautifully, and he got an erection that moment he  
saw himself in the mirror.  Instead of masturbating, which was his  
usual release, he began to seek out additional clothing to go with  
the panties.  He fastened her black bra on and took two stockings and  
worked painstakingly with them until they were shaped sufficiently to  
fill out his bra.  Now, he pulled her black nylon stockings up over  
each leg, and fastened them to the garter belt he had placed  
underneath the panties.  He studied himself in the mirror, and was  
quite pleased and excited.   
      He wished he was in a dark movie theater, and that a huge male  
had come and sit down next to him and started pawing at him, only to  
find he was not a girl.  This was his constant dream, only he always  
managed to stop thinking about it after the big male got angry. 
      He went to her vanity, and sat down.  Very cautiously, he  
applied the makeup to his face.  Eye shadow, powder, rouge, lipstick,  
and even added a tiny beauty mark near his chin.  Then came her new  
wig, long silken curls of shiny gold.  He was ecstatic when he looked  
at himself in the mirror.  The huge erection in the transparent  
panties was the only blemish in his otherwise feminine appearance.   
Now he picked out the blue mini dress that looked so great on Sylvia.  
He was delighted, and could hardly wait to get into her black 4 inch  
heels.  Now he looked beautiful.  He primped and modeled, turning  
this was and that. 
      Finally, he had to go downstairs and walk about.  Soon he was  
at the back door peering into the yard.  None of the neighbors were  
about, and he spotted two teenage girls walking down the street  
toward his house.  He quickly opened the door, and stepped out onto  
the porch.  Seeing that they were about a half block away, he pulled  
the porch chair over so that he could sit facing them.  He settled  
into the chair, and crossed his legs.  He wasn't satisfied with the  
view he offered, so he lifted the crossed leg higher until his calf  
was against his knee.  This way, his thighs were totally exposed,  
including the little panties.   
      He was ready.  As the the girls passed his yard, one happened  
to look his way and spotted the way his legs were open, and told the  
other girl who giggled along with her.  They kept staring until they  
were past his yard and out of sight.  He had felt their eyes, and his  
penis had throbbed.  He relaxed, and was about to go back in the  
house, when he spotted three teenage boys walking down the street.   
He looked around to be sure no neighbors were in sight and again he  
set his crossed legs in position, exposing more of his panties.  The  
white of his upper thighs and the full crotch of the little panties  
were on full display.  As they reached his yard, one of the boys  
noticed him, and soon they were all staring.  Tom pretended to be  
looking the other way, but he again felt eyes burning into him.  
       They  had stopped, and were boldly staring and laughing. 
Finally, Tom had to get up and go into the house before he burst
with sexual exhilaration.  He peeked out the window, and saw the
boys continuing  on their way.  Boy oh boy, he thought to himself,
wouldn't they be burned up if they knew he was not a "hot mamma".
He went upstairs again, not taking the time to even look at the
clock.  It was time for Sylvia to be getting home.  Tom was so 
keyed up by the clothes and the teenage boys and girls, that he 
had to model one last time before Sylvia's wall length mirror. 
      As Tom paraded and fantasized, Sylvia let herself in.  She was  
quite tired from a hard day, and immediately proceeded up the stairs  
to their room.  Her eyes went wide as they fell on Tom, who did not  
see her as he pranced and wiggled seductively.  Then he saw her  
through the glass, and turned, shocked and surprised.  She could not  
speak.  She just stared as he pulled the blonde wig off, and stood  
there trying to be casual.  "I was trying to see that those college  
guys look like when they do those all male shows" he stammered.   
Sylvia said nothing.  
      Finally, she spoke "Get out of those clothes NOW!"  He  
understood her meaning, and began to remove them quickly.  She stared  
in disbelief when he got down to her underwear.  "You are sick Tom,  
do you know that, SICK!"  He tried to tease about it, and told her it  
was not the way it looked.  Once he was naked, she told him to get  
out of HER room, and not ever dare to come in there again.  He  
meaning was clear, since they both slept in the same room. 
      He left, and stayed clear of her until dinner time.  As they  
ate in silence, he tried to change the subject, but she was not  
interested in anything he had to say.  The evening went on this way,  
and she had been upstairs for over an hour.  At about eight thirty,  
she came down, and very calmly told him she wanted to talk to him.   
She did not seem angry any longer.  They went to the den, and she had  
Tom prepare a drink for each of them.  Then they sat, and she leaned  
in to talk privately to him.   
      "Tom darling, what I saw today was a shock to me.  I had never  
seen anything like it before in my life.  I was angry, frustrated and  
upset.  I just spent the last hour going over this in my mind, and I  
have made a decision.  I have heard of women who are married to  
transvestites, and they seem to be very happy.  I think we can be  
too, but you have to tell me the truth.  We can't live with a lie  
between us, and perhaps we can find some sexual outlet for both of us  
through this quirk of yours.  But you have to be open and honest with  
me now."  He looked into her eyes and felt that she was being  
sincere.  He so wanted to tell her all about it, but felt she would  
think him to be perverted.   
      Now was the chance to open himself up and tell her all about  
his fetish.  "Sylvia, you are wonderful.  Don't ask me to explain how  
or why I got started, but I guess I have been secretly wearing your  
clothes since the day we got married.  I often wished you knew, so  
you could watch me and tell me how to do it right."  She sat there  
staring at him, and finally finished her drink in one swallow.   
      "Follow me Tom", she said as she went up the stairs.  He  
trailed behind her like a little puppy dog.  When they got to the  
bedroom, she told him to remove all his clothes.  She was not excited  
or animated, but very matter of fact.  Once he was naked, she sat at  
her vanity chair to study him.  "Turn around darling, so I can get a  
good look at you, front and back."  As he did, the sleeping giant  
between his legs started to come to life.  "That will never do Tommy.  
    Girls just don't have dicks, now, do they?"  The way she said  
it, made him blush rather hard.  "Come over here, and I'll take care  
of that problem for you."   
      She had him stand before her, while she masturbated him slowly.  
She did not speak, or even look at him, but concentrated on  
eliminating this obvious problem.  She held some tissue in her left  
hand, and as she stroked him, watched for the first signs.  He felt  
like a young boy with a governess, but loved the helpless feeling.   
He began to tremble, and she coaxed him to his climax.  "Just let it  
all come out Tommy.  That's it baby, you enjoy it.  Ah, here we come.  
Good boy.  All finished?  Good." 
      He stood there weakly as she wiped away the few remaining  
drops.  "Now, we are ready to turn my Tommy into Tamara, yes Tamara  
is a nice sexy name for you.  But, no bikini panties, they don't suit  
you.  Let's try these regular white panties."  He pulled them on, and  
in seconds, he was hard again.  She stared at the growing bulge, and  
remarked, "You certainly don't have that kind of energy when we are  
in bed together, do you?"  He thought he sensed a sharp bite in her  
words.  The bra was the same one as before, and she took the same  
care as he had in preparing the proper shaped stuffing.   
      Now she helped him with his stockings and used garters rather  
than a belt, telling him they were more sexy.  The heels were on and  
before she gave him a dress, she had him kneel before her, and she  
made up his face, more lovely than he had ever dreamed was possible.   
The blonde wig was used again, and she dug out one of last years very  
mini dresses for him to wear.  It was pale yellow, and barely covered  
the bottom edge of his panties.  His legs encased in black were  
displayed from the show top to the very edge of his groin.  But, he  
was happy with the picture he presented.  Sylvia had him model in  
front of the mirror, and he soon forgot she was even in the room.  He  
paraded back and forth, seeing this erotic sight before him.  The  
tiniest tilt forward or backwards, revealed his panties in all their  
glory.  He was thrilled with what she had done.   
      "Let's go downstairs darling, and I expect to see a lovely  
young woman descending."  He was graceful to a fault, and she  
applauded him as he entered the living room.  "Now, let's take a  
ride, shall we?"  He suddenly became very nervous.  "Tamara darling,  
you don't want to be cooped up forever in a house do you?  It's dark  
out, but, we can drive around for a while.  It will be a thrill for  
you.   
      Finally, he smiled and agreed to go with her.  The walk to the  
car was so erotic, he thought he night burst right then and there.   
His penis was steel hard, and getting harder every second.  As they  
pulled away from the curb, she peered down between his thighs, where  
the short dress failed to hide anything.  He looked too, and smiled  
at her.  She played the car radio, and even suggested that he cross  
his beautiful legs, which he did gladly.  The sight was quite  
revealing.   
      It was drizzling now, and she headed toward the docks and a not  
too safe area after dark.  He inquired about this, and she replied  
that she just wanted to see the lights from the ships.  In a very bad  
area, she pulled to the curb, and told Tommy that she though she  
might be getting a flat tire.  She asked him if he would check it.   
He hesitated, but she looked all around and assured him it would be  
fine.   
      He climbed out, stood by the open door and tried to bend and  
see from there.  "Tommy darling, it feels like my drivers tire in the  
rear.  Would you be an angel and take a look for me?"  Leaving the  
door open, he went to the rear of the car to look.  Sylvia slipped 
the car into gear and sped away.  The door slammed shut as she drove  
off.   
      He yelled once, but she was out of sight.  As frightened as he  
was, he knew she was only playing a game and would pop into sight any  
minute now.  He stood there trembling by the curb looking for her  
headlights.  A minute passed, then two.  She was not coming back.  He  
was on his own, and felt terrified.  He felt like crying, but managed  
to hold it in.   
      He started to walk aimlessly.  The streets were all very dark  
with the exception of two street lights per block.  Tommy walked  
clumsily on the heels, staying near the buildings. 
      Suddenly, Tommy heard a voice, "Hellow sweet mamma, what are  
you doing out here all by yourself?"  Tommy turned to see a huge  
black man approaching from the doorway.  He staggered a little and  
Tommy knew he was not sober.  Tommy tried to pick up his pace, as his  
heart beat faster and faster.  A huge arm fell over his shoulder and  
came to rest on his padded breasts.  "Oh yeah, they are sweet little  
rosebuds you got there."  Tommy continued to walk on, but the big  
black man was slowly steering him closer to the buildings.   
      They were approaching an unlit alley.  He felt the huge hand  
leave his breasts,, and trail down his back to his frightened flanks.  
 The hand was lifting the tiny skirt, and rubbing the silken panties.  
 Tommy began to cry silently, all alone here on this dark, damp  
street.  He felt himself being shoved gently to the approaching  
alley, the massive hand sliding under the panties and squeezing the  
soft flesh of his buttocks.  "Oh you sweet thing, you are heaven, you  
know that."  Tommy tried to sway out to the sidewalk, but the man was  
easily five inches taller and at least fifty pounds heavier.   
      Soon they were walking down the alley, and the mad had one of  
Tommy's buttock cheeks in his paw.  He was actually steering Tommy  
with it.  The right had was caressing the padded bra, and he had no  
idea Tommy was a man.  He fumbled with his own trousers, and took  
hold of Tommy's hand, directing it to a thick huge penis standing  
straight up his stomach.  "See what you do to me sweet thing.  This  
here prick of mine is just dying to taste you honey lamb." 
      They approached the endless corner of the alley, the big black  
man reached down in front of Tommy's dress and placed his hand  
against the soft panties.  "Son of a bitch," he yelled, "yo a goddam  
faggot!"  Tommy knew what anger from a big man was like, but for the  
first time in his life, he was about to see the finale.  His wig was  
pulled off, and her was turned over like a baby, thrown to the damp  
pavement, face down.  Before he could move to look, the black man was  
straddling him and ripping the dress and panties from his body.   
Suddenly his thighs were parted and Tommy felt the weight of the man  
as he got into position.  "Okay gal, or faggot, or whatever you is,  
here comes what you was looking for."  Tommy began to cry loudly as  
the man felt for the tiny opening in his rear.  First the finger  
prodded leading the massive head of the penis to the door, and now th  
man was pushing.  Tommy screamed out to him that his penis was too  
big, but the black man kept pushing.  Soon Tommy's flesh began to  
accept it, his screams could be heard all over the deserted streets.   

--
