Archive-name: First/furlouh3.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Furlough - 3


CHAPTER 3

     She stood unsteadily and stepped out of her silk bottoms, then 
pulled off the top and stood there, naked. She had really small, pointy 
tits with no sag at all to them and I could count her ribs. She had a 
very flat belly and no waist. Her hips were just a nice, miniature flare 
and she had terrific legs. And her pussy was completely hairless. She 
raised her hands over her head and turned slowly for me. She had a 
great, tight little ass, high and hard and round. Her skin was flawless 
and the only mark on her was a little mole on her left buttock.
     When she turned back to me, I again stared at that lovely, bare 
pussy. It was reddened and the lips were swollen. I could see a bump at 
the top of it, sticking out a little. She ran her hands down under her 
tits, cupping them sort of, then pinched and rolled her nipples. I could 
hear a little gasp from her. She ran her hands lower, over her waist and 
hips. When she slipped a finger between her legs and probed her cunt, my 
cock started getting hard again.
     The only problem I could see was that there was no way she was 
going to get my cock into that little hole. I guess my doubts showed on 
my face -- they sure didn't interfere with my cock -- because she said, 
"I can't wait to feel that big fucker stretching me!"
     She pulled me to my feet and stripped me faster than I could have 
done it myself. Then she stepped up onto the couch, which put those 
gorgeous titties right at mouth level as soon as I turned to face her. I 
wasn't about to pass up some serious tit-sucking, not with those firm 
little treasures, so I just started licking and sucking and slobbering 
away, moving my face back and forth and running my hands up and down her 
back and squeezing that tight ass of hers. 
     Meantime, of course, my cock was back to rock-hard and almost 
horizontal (which is unusual for a dick this big). She kind of trapped 
it between her legs, about calf-high, and slowly shifted from side to 
side so she was kind of jerking it with her legs.
     I slid one hand way down and around, between her legs, from behind. 
I stuck a finger in her cunt. Wetter than a river, and tight. Then her 
cunt seemed to open up -- and then tightened again. I got another finger 
in there and then another, but that seemed to be her limit -- three 
fingers. And she was going to get my cock in there? No way, I thought, 
since my cock is maybe a quarter-inch shy of three inches thick -- and 
the base is much fatter -- when it's completely hard. And it was.
     But then she grabbed my head and said, "Come on, put that thing 
against my pussy now! Do it!"
     Who was I to refuse a (rich and pretty) lady? I used one hand to 
raise my stiff dick nearly vertical. She bent her knees a little and 
began grinding her slick little cunt around and around on it, all the 
time moaning and making these little growling noises. She'd push her 
cunt down and then move it side to side, so I could feel her heat and 
moisture on my knob, and then she'd roll her hips and push down some 
more -- like she was trying to wedge herself open. 
     She put one hand around my neck and the other between us. I felt 
her pulling her cunt open. Then she hoisted one leg and wrapped it 
around my waist. She jammed herself down and got about half my knob into 
her, which was more than I expected and almost more than I could handle.
     "Put your hands under my buns, sailor boy!" she breathed. Her voice 
was harsh and breathy. I put one hand under her ass; my other hand was 
busy keeping my cock pointed at her hungry little gash.
     She put the other arm around my neck and then the other leg was 
around my waist and she was like balancing herself on the end of my 
deck, jouncing up and down and forcing more and more of it into her 
little cunt. I could feel her opening to me, but really slow. 
     Then my glans popped all the way into her and she growled really 
loud and moaned, "It's going in! It's going in!" Then she started 
clenching inside on me and gasping, her slim hips jerking real fast. She 
was cumming as she used all of her maybe 95 pounds to jam herself down 
on my pole. The strain of holding her up and keeping my balance was 
helping me to hold off cumming again. On the other hand, she kept 
pulling herself close to me, letting me feel her lovely titties mashing 
against me as she settled slowly lower.
     Finally, I managed to stammer that I couldn't stand much longer and 
she told me to sit on the couch. I turned and she let her knees bend 
onto the couch. I sat down kind of heavily and she managed to take 
another couple of inches.
     "C'mon, sailor! Get that fucker in me!" She pulled her legs up so 
she was kind of crouched, squatting over me on the couch, with her hands 
on my shoulders for balance and her pretty tits right in front of my 
face. I leaned forward and sucked a nipple. It was hard and hot and when 
I started working my tongue on it, she moaned real loud. She put my 
hands on her skinny hipbones and said, "Ram me down on it! Fuck it in!"
     I really was afraid of hurting her. She had about seven inches in 
her and it felt like I was bottoming out. But she was impatient and put 
her hands on top of mine and pressed my hands down onto her hips real 
sharp and hard, over and over. I did my best to pull her down onto me, 
but her hips were so skinny that I couldn't get a real good grip. I slid 
my hands around and grabbed her ass. I could almost cover each butt with 
one hand, her ass was so small. I grabbed her cheeks as tight as I could 
and tried jerking her up and down over me. 
     That worked better, because I was getting a little more into her 
with each stroke. It was almost like jerking myself off, only I had her 
flesh between my hands and my dick. But she was loving it, every bit of 
it. For me, it felt like my cock was being polished smooth by her tight 
cunt.
     I looked between her legs, at her bald slit. She was so stretched, 
I couldn't even see her cunt lips. When I pulled her up, I could feel 
the inside of her cunt sucking at my knob and I could see the walls of 
her twat turning inside out and coating maybe an inch of my thick dick. 
Pushing back in made her cunt like implode, dragging her clitty inside 
and against my cock, too, and she started jerking and grunting and 
cumming, a lot. I felt her tiny twat tighten still more on me and it 
began to clench down like a fist. 
     She got a good foot of my dick up inside her before I reached the 
absolute limit. She was bouncing up and down, pounding herself onto me, 
now, and I was trying to slow her down because it hurt when something 
hard -- her cervix, I guess -- slammed into my knob.
     "What's the matter, sailor? Can't you take it?" 
     That pissed me off. I squeezed her assflesh as hard as I could and 
she screamed, "Yes! Yes! Hurt me! Yes!" and came all the harder.
     Suddenly, she stopped bouncing and just kept pushing down at me, 
moving her hips in these tight little circles and panting like she was 
hyperventilating. I swear, I could feel that hard thing opening, slowly 
spreading...and then my knob popped through it.
     The crazy bitch wrapped her arms around my neck and pulled herself 
right up against me and screamed so loud it hurt my ear. She kept 
pushing down at me, harder and harder. She had all but that last, fat 
inch inside her cunt when she made this really strange animal sound and 
pushed down harder -- and had all of me! She'd managed to get fifteen 
full inches of cock into her and she loved it!
     "I feel so fucking STUFFED!" she yelled. And started screaming 
again. I could feel the entrance muscles to her cunt, stretched so tight 
around the fat base of my cock, flexing tighter and tighter. My balls 
were tightening, too, and my dick started swelling up even more. She 
just kept screaming and then I shot off in her.
     I guess it was because her cunt was so tight and her cervix was 
pinching my shaft, but I just came in one long shot, like my guts melted 
and were erupting her. I could feel the heat of my own cum surrounding 
my knob in that inner space. I guess I came for about twenty seconds, 
nonstop and her flat little belly actually seemed to bloat a bit. 
     The pressure must have been too much for her, because she started 
to lift her pussy up. I gasped when my knob popped back through that 
constriction, but I was still cumming some in her. I looked at her face 
and saw her eyes roll up so just the whites were showing and her eyelids 
fluttering down -- and then she went limp. She'd passed out.
     I eased her to the couch and slowly pulled my cock out of her. Even 
limp, it still seemed like it must have gone up into her stomach.  I 
could see her tummy flat as my dick withdrew. When my knob came out, a 
whole mess of my goo and her goo came bubbling out of her little cunt.
     Her eyes kind of half-opened and she smiled. "I have never felt so 
damn FUCKED!" she said enthusiastically. 
     "My pleasure, ma'am."
     She ran her hands down over her tits and tummy and down to her 
pussy, which was still oozing all over that expensive seat. "When is 
your hitch up, sailor?"
     "Three months."
     She groaned. "Damn, what am I going to do? I want to suck you and 
fuck you and have you ream my asshole, too!"
     Her asshole? She had to be kidding! She'd be disemboweled on my 
dick! 
     On the other hand, I'd been wrong about her before.
     "What am I going to do until you're unhitched?" she pouted, fingers 
gouging at her cunt. "Listen, if you agree to work for me here, I'll 
give you the run of the girls -- provided you always save something for 
me. Will you let me keep you?"
     It didn't exactly sound like a fate worse than death, so I agreed, 
of course.
     "Maybe you could even do a couple of movies," she said. "With that 
cock, you could be a star!" She smiled. "A shooting star!" Then she 
turned somber again. "But until you get out -- Damn! I'm going to go 
crazy!" She was writhing and rustling on the big leather seat and my 
dick was filling up again. She saw it stiffening and whispered, "Please 
-- in my ass this time? You'll love it! I'll love it!"
     As she rolled over and reached into the drawer of the end table for 
a tube of lubricant, I stared dubiously at her tiny butt and pinpoint 
asshole. Oh, well, I decided, if she really could take me in that tight 
hole. it would be the best fuck yet. And if it was good enough, I'd tell 
her about cousin Bill. She'd like "Wild Bill," as I called him. Ever 
since we were kids, skinny-dipping down by Ten-Mile-Creek, he had a 
nickname for me, too.
     "Peewee."

--
