
***********************************************************
* Warning!! Warning!!  For ADULTS ONLY!!
* This story contains material of an adult, explicit sexual 
* nature. If you are uncomfortable reading material of this
* kind, then DO NOT READ IT.
* Warning!! Warning!!  For ADULTS ONLY!!
*********************************************************
* Please note, I did not write this story, I am posting it
* for someone.
*********************************************************

                              The Dangerous Detour

                                       by
                                   Arc Light

      Although Jeff Jones was happily married he was always shall we say "on
the prowl." He was a very successful bonds broker in one of New York City's
most prestigious security firms. He was either lucky or able to steal enough
secrets to allow his success without having to actually work for his success.
His wavy blond hair; strong facial features; and a trim and compact body
allowed him to entice any of the females that made themselves available to him.
Although he was married to the sweetest and dearest creatures God ever created
he was always dipping his cock into a willing and passionate young wench. His
wife; always faithful and always ready for his lovemaking was starting to bore
the pompous rich little boy.

      Over the Thanksgiving holidays his wife Beth had asked to return to her
Mother's home for the holidays. Jeff quickly made up an excuse that he had to
"work" over the long week-end. His wife, never suspecting his dalliances,
meekly made plans to leave town to allow him the time and space to complete his
supposedly assigned tasks.

      Jeff smiled as he looked at the large clock in his plush office. He
rubbed his cock; a handsome appendage even though it was only average in length
and girth. It harden beneath his expensive Avanti dress pants. As his wife was
boarding an American Airlines jet to take her back to her Mommy. Jeff let his
thoughts drift to his little plaything for the week-end. Mrs. Mona Hicks, a
young breathtaking beauty, that would fit perfect on the end of his now swollen
cock. He closed his eyes and dreamed of her firm petite body; five foot four
inches; one hundred three pounds; 34B-23-33; tight; firm; and ready to fuck.

      Mona's hardworking husband was caught in the snow covered hills of
Wisconsin. He was sent there nearly two weeks ago to finish a routine audit but
the routine aspects quickly vanished and he was forced to extend his engagement
to search for several hundred thousand dollars of missing receipts. He was
downtrodden when he called his beautiful wife and begged for her forgiveness.
Mona made him feel even worse before sobbing in the phone; how oh how could she
endure being alone over the first holiday of the season? After her sobbing was
transmitted through the phone lines she covered the receiver and laughed to
herself. "What a total moron," she thought about her devoted and doting
husband.

      After abruptly hanging up on her husband she completed dressing for her
"date"; the young and dashing stock broker, Jeff Jones. She pulled the beige
colored hose over her long and firm calves; completing the task by snapping the
garter clasps to the darker colored tops of the sensuous material. She then
pulled on her white thong panties and applied a delicate touch of expense
perfume to her tingling little triangle. She pulled on the small half bra that
barely covered the bottom of her firm and petite breasts. Brushing her long
blonde hair she admired her twenty five year old body in the full length
mirror. "Yes," she thought, "Mr. Jeff Jones will be teased unmercifully before
I allow him to sample my body......"

      Mona was a true tease; no....... a true Prick Teaser; that got her
way........ not occasionally... but EVERY TIME...

      Mona realized that her body was her passport to the good life. She used
her small delicate body to snare and then pull in any male that she showed the
faintest interest in. She could dress up like a teen age schoolgirl to entice
the older men at the large insurance agency..... or dress up like a vixen to
snare the more virile young interns struggling to reach the top. When ever Mona
picked a target she scored a bull's-eye. Her target for this week-end was the
pompous but fabulously wealthy young stock broker occupying a suite of offices
on the top floor of her skyscraper.

      She flaunted her beautiful body to her co-workers all day and finally....
at 5:00 PM patiently waited for her stud to arrive. He was prompt; courteous;
and ready to carry her off to a pleasant week-end of over indulgence. As the
two upper class yuppies casually walked towards the elevator each was sizing up
their week-end playmate.

      During the long elevator ride they were along part of the way. Jeff made
his first move and standing in back of the small blonde goddess ran his hand
along the outside of her expensive white silk blouse. The self assured motion
felt good; Jeff's face was covered with a smirk as he felt the hard nipples
push against his inquisitive fingers..... Mona backed her firm ass cheeks
against the front of the expensive Avanti trousers and felt her lover's
manhood. Mona also smiled; the arrogant stockbroker would be like putty in her
delicate hands. As the elevator sped towards the basement parking lot both
young lovers felt they would get exactly what they wanted of the other. They
might have realized their expectations if it wasn't for the one
miscalculation.........

      Jeff quickly slid behind the wheel of the 1997 Lincoln Town car. The
white leather seat felt good; he reached over and unlocked the passenger side
door. Smugly smiling to himself as the now upset young blonde beauty slid
beside him in the expensive car, he felt that he had won round one. "Woman's
Liberation" dictated that she fend for herself he reasoned. Since she was an
"equal" she would be expected to spread those long firm legs and bring pleasure
to his now throbbing manhood. He came to the heavy steel garage doors and with
a flick of the garage door opener they sprang open.

      When the car arrived at the street Jeff became upset. The traffic was so
heavy that he disgustedly turned left; away from the palatial hotel that he had
planned to hose the delicate creature sitting next to him. Upset, he sped away
ignoring any of the posted speed limits. As the streets zipped by Mona finally
made her displeasure known, "Jesus, Jeff.....Do you have to go so fast;
especially since we are going the wrong way. We're going to be in the outskirts
of Harlem in several minutes. Please turn around......," she disgustedly
moaned.

      Jeff completely understood they were going the wrong way but did not need
to be reminded of his error. He quietly thought to himself, "This little bitch
will get my cock stuck up her precious little asshole in one brutal plunge.
Maybe that will lessen her smart ass attitude a little."

      Jeff finally seen an opening where he could pull off and turn around at a
parking garage. All he would have to do is to enter and take the first exit and
then be pointed in the opposite direction. As he squealed tires he barely
missed an oncoming car. Quickly ripping the ticket from the dispenser he
floored the large luxurious car into the nearly empty parking garage. The smart
people had departed the garage many hours ago...... they knew that at dusk this
was not a safe place to be. When he came to the first exit ramp it was closed;
a large chain attached to both sides. Irritated even more by the series of
delays..... delays that made his cock harder at the anticipated planting into
his little playthings tight unyielding little pleasure chute. The next level
was the same and he floored the car to get to the next....and the next....and
the next level of the multi story parking garage. When he reached the last exit
he realized that their was only one more floor to go.....

      The 1997 White Lincoln Town car roared up the ramp and...................
The headlights clearly showed a group of young Black gang members in a semi
circle. Jeff slammed on the brakes and the two White rich yuppies stared at the
twenty or so Black gang bangers. Terrible, frightful thoughts shot through the
two White lovers. Jeff, the first to react quickly ripped the car into reverse
and sped backwards. Screeching the brakes he sharply turned the car and headed
for the blocked exit. He had only twenty feet to gain momentum and the powerful
car smashed into the heavy log chain and stalled. He quickly turned the key and
frantically pumped the accelerator effectively flooding the computer assisted
ignition. He faintly seen the two or three Black gang members at the back of
the car, before they dropped out of the sight. What he didn't realize was that
the muscular Black gang members were doing was placing a police "boot" on the
rear tires. They were locked into place just as the car finally roared to life.
For the unfortunate passengers time had run out. Jeff slammed the car into
reverse and pushed the accelerator to the floor. The engine roared...........
the tire boots lodged themselves in the steel fender wells and the transmission
on the forty thousand dollar car chewed itself into little pieces. As the smoke
from the disintegrating transmission filled the car the two White lovers looked
at each other with sheer terror in their eyes.

      A large grinning Black teenager walked to the side of the car. Jeff had
eased up on the accelerator when the Black tapped the window with a lead pipe.
Jeff quickly reclicked the auto door locks and let a smug smile cover his face.
Jenny was staring at the huge muscular stomach of a three hundred pound Black
man as he tried to jam a pry bar between the door edge and the heavy reinforced
support beam.

      Jeff looked through the front windshield as another Black gang member
snapped open the hood of the car. In an instant the engine died..... in another
instant the electrical system was shorted and the door locks snapped up.
Terrified... Jeff looked to his left as the door was pulled open. He sit facing
his original antagonist with a terrified mask on his face. The Black merely
reached across him and snapped the seat belt open. Once the belt had retracted
the Black firmly grabbed the extensive silk tie at Jeff's neck and brutally
pulled him out of his expensive car onto the hard concrete payment. The brutal
movement caused Jeff to rip the knees out of his Avanti suit pants. Jeff was
then half dragged half pulled into the center of the parking ramp floor. He
tried to grasp the strong Black hand and regain his balance but failed and was
dragged along the dirty cold concrete floor.

      Mrs. Jenny Hicks watched in horror as her adulterous lover was being
dragged from the expensive car. She tried to scream as the three hundred pound
Black man put his huge hand around her delicate throat and lifted her from the
car seat. She clawed at the hand squeezing the air from her lungs but her
futile attempts merely brought laughter from the flabby but muscular young
tough. He carried the petite little blonde like a sack of seed corn to the
center of the parking garage. Jenny had taken off her expensive coat and was
wearing only her too short skirt; white silk blouse and matching navy blue
jacket. Her long blond tresses was blown across the angelic face by the cold
dark wind.

      "Lean forward; put your hands on the pillar and spread your legs little
Honkey whore..." came the gruff command.

      Fear......... Cold undulated Fear was what the Crips had spread
throughout the city...... and, in this dingy parking garage eight floors about
the street. Mrs. Jenny Hicks fearfully leaned forward and braced herself
against the cold concrete beam. She felt heavy combat boots kick her dainty
feet apart and back. She was now leaning at almost a ninety degree angle and
would have fallen face down on the dirty oil coated concrete floor if she
wasn't holding herself up by her dainty hands. Even though it had only been
merely seconds her shoulders already tensed at the harsh angle.

      Jenny looked down at the floor and avoided any of the leering faces in
the dimly lit garage. The cold wind chilled her tight body to the bone and she
struggled to keep her balance. She quietly prayed that somehow relief would
come.... but how?

      Jenny heard Jeff's whiny sobbing to her left but did not turn her head to
look at him.

      Jeff Jones, bond broker extraordinary, was not on his knees looking into
the harden Black faces that was leering down at his sniveling, humbled body.
Suddenly a black Mount Carlo Super Sport slowly crept towards the young White
man on his knees, trembling before the assembled Black gang members. When the
car was directly in front of the shuddering young rich White boy the bright
beams blasted their glare into his fear struck face. He tried to shield his
eyes from the harsh light without success.

      Jeff felt a hand search for his wallet and becoming frustrated with the
tight fitting pants merely rip the pocket down yielding the needed wallet. The
cash and credit cards was quickly disbursed to outstretched hands. The
assailant then loudly read the driver's license, "It looks like our guest be no
other than Mr. Jeffrey Gene Jones, III..... We done have ourselves a real life
important muther fucker," he intoned to the laughing gang members.

      Jenny desperately braced herself as she felt a gentle small hand brush
her golden tresses from her face. She turned to her right to see a beautiful
Black girl; completely covered in black leather. She wore a black leather vest;
black mini skirt and knee high black leather boots with three inch heels. Her
neck was even graced with a two inch black leather studded dog collar. Her long
black hair blew in the wind and she brought her lips to the Jenny's right ear.
She let her long tongue snake out and play with the tender ear of the
frightened young White wife.

      The Black goddess then dropped her hand and let it gently follow Jenny's
figure until it reached her throbbing little nipple.

      "Listen here......... This little piece of fluff isn't the married half
of the little boy on the floor. What we have here is Mrs. Jennifer Hicks,
Marketing Representative. It looks like the pretty people were going to play
bury the bone this week-end...." Sasha told the amused gang members.

      Jenny started to beg, "Please... don't hurt us...."

      Laughter rang throughout the deserted parking garage.

      A large muscular Black walked in front of the Monte Carlo and stood in
front of the shivering White boy broker. "Do you want to beg us to White boy?"
he asked.

      Jeff only sobbed. He was frightened and wanted to escape this nightmare
to his comfortable life... his rich pampered life of plenty....

      "Was you going to shag this little piece of fluff White boy. Was you
going to stick your dick into this fine piece of honey pie White boy?" Jerome
asked.

      Jeff did not know the desired response. He tried to rely on his
wits...."Jenny and I were going to spend the week-end at the Plaza," he quietly
answered.

      The booming voice of Jerome shouted the next question, "You mean Mr. Stud
Boy that you were going to bury your little White boy cock into the sweet honey
pot of another man's wife.... another man's woman. One that pledged her eternal
love and devotion to her husband.... Was that the sweet young honey you were
going to deflower... to take her virtue?"

      Sobbing, Jeff shook his face. Tears had formed on his face and he tried
to look up at the looming Black gang member but the glare of the high beam
headlights burned his brain. "Yes," was his simple answer.

      The gathered Black toughs refocused their attention to the cold and
shivering petite blonde desperately leaning forward against the cold concrete
pillar. Sasha continued to gently rub the outside of Jennifer's tight hard
body. Although the jacket; blouse and bra shielded her trembling skin somewhat
the insistent fingers were taking their toll on the young married White wife.
Jenny, her face downcast struggled with her emotions; and with the intense
sensations the delicate Black hand was having on her aroused hard nipples.

      Sasha walked behind Jennifer and placed her hand on the firm ass cheeks.
"Keep your balance with your right hand; but bring your left hand back and put
it behind your back you cheating little whore." Sasha then kicked her ankles
further apart with the black leather boots kicking the three inch heels further
apart making the poor White wife almost lose her balance.

      Jenny, fighting to keep her balance steadied herself and gingerly pulled
her left hand free of the concrete pillar. Sasha pushed the arm further causing
the cheating White wife a sharp pain in her shoulder blade. When her arm was
bent painfully forward Jenny felt the delicate Black fingers play with her ring
finger.

      "My my, what an expensive looking diamond. And such a pretty wedding
ring........ Cheating little whores shouldn't be wearing such a symbol of
undying love should they Mrs. Hicks?" she questioned. She slowly twisted the
two rings around her ring finger.

      Tears formed in Jennifer's eyes. "Please... my husband gave me the
expensive rings...I can't go home without them. Please......... my husband
would never understand."

      "Oh come on little princess... Surely your husband would understand that
you just wanted to fuck your little White boy broker.... Maybe you should see
how big a man he really is," Sasha continued. She roughly twisted the precious
little arm another inch higher causing the cheating housewife another round of
intense pain. Sasha roughly pulled the rings from her finger and casually
walked over to Jerome and slipped them on his little pinky. She then placed her
arms around his broad shoulders and buried her tongue deep in his throat.
Jennifer brought her arm back against the concrete pillar and let her eyes
follow the sensuous little journey of the leather covered Black ass cheeks. Her
shoulders ached and the back of her thighs begged for mercy from her unnatural
position.

      After pulling away from Jerome, the gang's leader Sasha stood over the
sobbing White boy. "Let's show the cheating little housewife what she is
missing," Sasha teased.

      "Come on little White boy. Let's see that massive little stub of yours.
You were going to show it to the little whore over there. You were going to
take another man's wife for your carnal pleasures... Lets see what you have to
offer a cheating little White wife. Let's see if you have something worth
bragging about?" she continued.

      Jeff, his head hung low quietly sobbed. The Black gang members were
mocking him.... telling him what awaited not only his little plaything but also
his own fate. "Take your pants down White boy. Let's see that manhood.... let's
see what you have to offer this little White slut......" ordered Jerome.

      Jeff shook his head from side to side. He heard the large Black gang
leader push himself away from the car and take one step in front of him. He
cuffed Jeff along side his head to get his attention. "Take IT out... Take IT
out and make it hard White boy," came the definitive order.

      Jeff felt his hands drop to his dress slacks. With all eyes focused on
his every movement Jeff unbuckled his pants He then unclasp the top of his
dress pants and slowly pulled the zipper down. Gripping the top of his slacks
he slowly drew them over his lean hips while he rose on his haunches. He had
previously removed his underpants in anticipation of his sexual conquest of his
best friend's wife. The laughter bounced off the solid concrete walls. It was
bone numbing cold... it was a stressful frightening situation... it was all of
these things. But one thing was certain... Jeff's manhood shriveled to protect
itself.

      Sasha was the first to speak.... "Well, well little boy. Does your little
man want to come out to play," she mocked.

      Jeff merely shivered and his head was downcast.

      "Hey you cheating little wench. Look at your lover now," Sasha screamed
at the trembling White wife.

      Jennifer turned and looked at her poor trembling lover. She felt sorry
for the tormented and embarrassed little man. His submission was causing her
own body to respond. She looked around at the leering Black men inventorying
her tight White body. She felt her woman hole respond to the bizarre and
obscene domination. Her nipples remained hard from the soft gentle caresses of
Sasha and she now looked at the smiling Black girl. Her leather covered body
exuded sexual pleasure. "Maybe she will protect me," hoped poor Mrs. Jennifer
Hicks.

      "White Boy.... I told you to make it hard. If you don't make it hard we
be thinking that maybe you a little faggot boy. Is that what you be little
man....... Are you a little faggot boy?" Jerome questioned.

      "I'm not queer. I just can't get it hard," sobbed Jeff.

      Jeff looked up as Jeff pulled the K-Bar Fighting Knife from it's boot
sheath. The blue blade gleamed in the harsh headlights. "White boy..... One
more chance before I be making you a eunuch..." Jerome laughed.

      Jeff frantically stroked his manhood; desperate to bring it to hardness.
The Black gang members continued to mock his efforts; and the diminutive
stature of his frightened penis. Finally after frantic effort the little
manhood started to extend itself to the gathered taunting audience.

      Jennifer merely looked on at the disheartening scene. Here was her
week-end lover frantically stroking himself to hardness in front of twenty
Black gang members. Sasha squatted in front of the frantically stroking young
White boy and took the head of his manhood in her tender fingers. She gripped
the head and pulled the tender organ towards her. "Come on White boy...Show me
what you got," she encouraged.

      Her touch had a negative effect with the semi hard White penis. It
started to shrivel and Jeff stroked harder and faster. He talked to his little
penis; coaching it to lengthen and safe itself from being removed by the swift
decisive action of the K-Bar knife swinging back and forth before Jeff's tear
streaked face.

      Jeff feebly slaps the Sasha's small Black hand away from the head of his
cock. "Please don't... Please...," Jeff frantically declares.

      After several minutes of frantic stroking the White penis is fully erect.
Jeff closes his eyes and thanks God....

      "Don't shoot your little wad yet Broker Boy... I want your little girl
lover to enjoy some of your fertile seed," Sasha quietly whispers. She then
rises and walks to the leaning young wife. She steps to the wife's back and
places her hands under the jacket and grasps the white silk blouse where it is
tucked into the short tight skirt. Sasha then pulls the expensive blouse up and
out. Sasha runs her hand up the tense back of the cheating White housewife
until she reaches the clasp on her bra. She hears Jenny start to sob and
trembles when the clasp of the bra is snapped open. The straps are forcefully
ripped as Sasha drags the bra from underneath the white silk blouse. Sasha then
returns to where Jeff is still stroking his five inch manhood to the hoots and
hollers of the gathered gang members. Many of the taunts are cruel and cutting;
many humiliating by their mocking tones.

      Sasha again squats beside the humbled White boy and places the torn bra
on the ground immediately under his red and swollen cock. "Dump your load White
boy. Dump it on your little fluff bunny's tit holders. DO IT NOW White boy,"
Sasha orders.

      Jeff struggles to comply with Sasha's order... He must end his ordeal
before the Black gang members find more humiliating tasks for him. His cock is
now rubbed raw and he closes his eyes hoping for release of his cum... After an
eternity he feels his testicles harden and shoot it's precious fluid into the
lacy bra. As the last explosion of cum drips from the end of his cock Jeff
relaxes and leans back on his haunches.

      "Good boy little man... You have made a good start," Sasha whispers.
Another gang member kicks a dog dish and it comes clanging to a stop in front
of Jeff's now depleted manhood.

      "Fill it up White boy... When it is dripping over the top I will let you
and your little whore leave," Jerome barks.

      Sasha picks up the cum coated bra and walks back over to Jennifer.
Jennifer is still leaning against the concrete pillar and her arms and
shoulders are starting to ache. The backs of her thighs scream for relief. When
she is behind the tormented young wife she pulls up the white blouse and
carefully lifts the cum encased bra cups up and against the throbbing nipples.
When the bra is in place Sasha hooks the clasp and tightens the cum coated bra
against her sensitive breasts.

      Leaning forward Sasha whispers into her ear, "You little whore. It will
be your turn next. You should have been faithful to your husband; not begin an
adulterous affair with a little White boy...." She then sticks her tongue out
and plays with Jenny's tender ear lobe. The tongue swirls around the lobe and
Sasha inserts the tip as if it was a tiny cock.. "It's your turn you little
whore...."

      Jerome sees his girl friend tormenting the young White wife and walks
over to where Sasha is lodging her tongue into the sweet White wife's ear. She
has her hand on Jennifer's left breast and is massaging the White boy cum into
the hard rigid nipple.

      "Step back," Jerome orders.

      Sasha steps back and Jerome takes her place. "What is a fine split tail
little whore like you doing with a loser like the little man on his knees
stroking his pint size cock," Jerome questions Jennifer.

      "Please, can I stand up straight?" Jennifer asks.

      Jerome unbuttons the navy jacket. Once it is open he starts on the white
silk blouse. Jennifer leans against the concrete pillar and endures Jerome's
gentle unbuttoning of her blouse. "Spread your legs more.... NOW..." Jerome
orders.

      Jennifer strains and opens her legs even more than she has currently. She
feels Jerome's strong fingers circle her rigid nipple and squeeze. The nipple
painfully hardens and the pressure continues. "Have you ever had a real man? I
mean a man with a cock; not a little stub like the little boy on his knees.."
Jerome's calmly asks.

      "Please let us go... We won't tell anybody..Please," Jennifer questions
the Black man who is manipulating her sensitive cum encased breasts.

      Jerome starts to lick the side of Jennifer's face. His tongue ends up at
her lips and he coats her lips with his saliva. As he continues to kiss her
lips Jennifer finally allows her lips to part and the long tongue of the Black
gang leader slips into her warm wet oral cavity. She tries to struggle and tilt
her head back but her leaning position doesn't allow for her retreat. The
tongue invades Jennifer's mouth and explores her sweet smelling mouth.

      "Do you want to Fuck Me Mrs. Hicks. Do you want to go to your big white
automobile and spread those pretty little legs so I can plant my big Black cock
deep into your soft little belly?" Jerome questions the trembling young wife.

      "No...... Please, let me go. Please?" Jennifer begs.

      Jerome plants his tongue deep into Jennifer's mouth. Her tongue struggles
against his and she tries to stand up straighter.

      "Spread those legs little White tail. Do you want to follow me to your
big white car? I'll spread those long legs of yours and make you a woman; a
real woman. Don't you want a little cock to put out that fire in your dripping
little pussy?" Jerome continues.

      Jennifer struggles against Jerome's seduction. Her body aches....... and
her pussy is leaking her dew into her white panties.

      Jerome leans close to Jennifer's ear and whispers in a soft voice, "You
can come to the car with me, or........... I'll give you to my brothers....
Maybe you would like to fuck all twenty of them.... Do you want to fuck all
twenty Black brothers Mrs. Hicks?"

      The sensations caused by Jerome's rough hands and his probing tongue....
and his insistent verbal threats were all taking their toil on her weakening
resistance to his seduction.

      She shivers as his Black hand travels down her sleek body. He rubs her
flat tummy through the skirt and drops his hand further. It finally reaches the
hem of the short skirt and he pulls the tight skirt up. Jennifer feels the cold
air coat her overheated body. And then............................

      The long Black fingers find the satin panties. Jerome strokes Jennifer's
swollen lips and rubs his fingers over the cranberry size clit. She inhales a
deep breath as his fingers continues to tease the her heated chamber of love.
Her dew coats the panties and her chest is rising and falling with each breath.
Her mind races...........

      The fingers continue to tease. She craves relief from the inhuman
position she is forced to endure. She, Mrs. Jennifer Hicks craves relief from
the terrible itch deep within her pussy.

      "Are you ready? Are you ready Mrs. Jennifer Hicks. Ready to be unfaithful
to your husband with a real man?" Jerome continues his verbal assault.

      The fingers... The fingers.... The terrible fingers continue to tease and
caress her tender, tight little pussy. From her awkward leaning position she
craves relief.

      "Do you want me to fuck you.... Fuck you in your little tight White
pussy?" Jerome questions.

      Jennifer's mind..... and then her yearning body finally succumbs to the
gentle teasing fingers.... to the gentle seduction of the tall brutal gang
leader.

      "I want you to fuck me," Jennifer finally begs.

      A large smile covers Jerome's face. He stands straight up and smiling to
his assembled gang members simply walks towards the big white Lincoln Town car.
When the gang members look at the petite young White wife; and she backs up and
starts walking after the Black gang leader; they start to cheer. Jennifer bows
her head as she follows the tall Black gang member to the car.

      Jerome opens the door and gallantly bows as he sweeps his arm towards the
back seat. Jennifer looks meekly around and crawls into the large back seat.
She scoots back and looks into Jerome's forbidding Black eyes as he drops his
jeans. He wears no underpants and smiles as he sees Jennifer's eyes widen as
his long Black manhood becomes visible. He is semi erect and as he watches
Jennifer slowly open her long legs his manhood twitches. His fellow Black gang
members continue to shout obscenities towards the submissive cheating White
wife.

      Jennifer rubs the outside of her panties with her left hand while she
invites her Black lover with her eyes. Jerome loses his shirt along with his
pants. Completely nude he lowers himself to the edge of the white leather seat.
His eleven inch cock drips a drop of pre cum on the seat. The sticky rope like
pre cum coats the tender thighs of the cheating wife as he pushes himself
upward. Jennifer continually spreads her legs allowing her Black lover to
insert himself between her widely splayed legs. She feels the sticky drippings
at the top of her hose..... on her warm tanned thighs.

      The hard Black cock brushes against the panty covered pussy lips and the
hardness brings a short gasp from Jennifer's parted lips.

      "Pull your panties to one side. I want the panties to slide against my
cock when I stick it in your sweet little honey hole Mrs. Hicks," Jerome
orders.

      Jennifer quickly complies......

      She pulls the panties to one side and as rapidly as there is a small
opening the long Black cock wedges it's way forward. Jennifer groans...The
Black cock fills her hole; fills her hole until it is obscenely stretched. She
looks down at the contrast of the hard Black throbbing cock burrowing it's way
deep into her tender tight little hole. The fullness takes her breath away and
she constantly squirms allowing her pussy to adjust to the Black intruder.

      Jennifer bites her red coated lips as Jerome continues to lodge his Black
cock deep into the wet and willing canal of his current lover. She tries to
scoot backward...she tries to spread her legs even more but the front and back
seats prevent any greater opening. She begs..."Please, OH GOD PLEASE..." but
she doesn't know why she is begging or what she is begging for.

      Only eight inches is lodged. As he pulls his cock out Jennifer can see
the ring of wetness... the ring of insertion.

      "I've been fucking virgin pussy for three inches haven't I Mrs. Hicks?"
Jerome softly asks as he burrows another inch deep into Jennifer's married
cunt.

      Jennifer slowly opens her eyes. "No one has ever taken me this deep......
no one," she softly moans.

      Jerome forces Mrs. Hicks leg against the back seat and gaining leverage
buries another inch of hard Black cock. This inch breaks a shriek from the
parched lips of his plaything. "Oh God......"

      The tip of the cock has rested against Jennifer's cervix and she begs for
his to stop. The constant pounding of his hard body and even harder Black cock
has caused an electrical bolt to travel to the tormented brain of the cheating
housewife. Jerome continues to twist his cock in the tight passage causing poor
Jennifer to squirm and beg for mercy. The constant squirming.... the constant
begging for mercy brings a swelling in Jerome's hard testicles. As he brutally
thrusts against the pleasure racked White wife he feels his sack discharge his
fertile fluid. It ricochets against Jennifer's womb and is caught in her woman
hole. The Black log prevents any of the fertile sperm from escaping. Jennifer
screams her release as her orgasm overtakes her body.

      Jerome merely laughs at the writhing White wife on the end of his Black
cock. He knows that he has conquered her...... Sasha will be jealous over the
coming days as he breeds her.... as he breaks her into the pleasures of Black
sexing.

      Jerome lets his sperm soak into Mrs. Hicks chamber. There is no hurry to
remove his wet cock from her stretched little pussy. Jennifer has relaxed
against the side of the door and allows herself to recover from the last two
hours of Black domination of not only herself; but her poor lover. Poor Jeff is
frantically stroking his depleted cock while another Black has taken the K-bar
and is menacing him with it. He is cutting the buttons from the expensive
tailor made shirt and every several minutes lets the knife shave some of the
pubic hair hiding his shrunken manhood.

      At long last Jerome pulls his cock from the warm little opening of his
little plaything. When his cock is pulled out the panties snap shut trapping
the leaking man fluid. "Don't take your panties off tonight..... I want you
full in the morning......... afterward," Jerome orders.

      As Jerome pulls himself from the expensive town car another brother is
stripped down and ready to take his place. At first Jennifer becomes startled.
The Black gang member strokes his cock and pushes himself between her legs.
Jennifer shakes her head no...... as the gang member pushes his cock deep into
her womb. The legs of the wet panties are pulled to one side when the Black
cock slips into her wet pussy. Jennifer's pussy is still full of Jerome's
sticky discharge but the wetness feels good to the smiling gang member. His
cock slides in deep and is instantly coated by the cream already present.

      His cock is not as long but is much thicker. Jennifer tries to
accommodate the thicker cock and feels her now tender and swollen lips being
scraped by the rigid cock. She tries to adjust........... she tries to please
the man fucking her.

      As she looks up there is a line forming..........

***************************************************************
If you would like to read more of Arc Light's excellent stories 
then please visit the Arc Light Archive at:
     www.voicenet.com/~cgstorys/cgstorys.html
Enjoy!!!
***************************************************************
If you enjoyed this story then please email me and I will
pass on appropriate comments to the author.
If you have any suggestions for a story then please email.
CGStories@AOL.COM
***************************************************************

