
DAX1.TXT

Dax was a rather normal, over-sexed man in his early forties. He 
never really had difficulty finding women interested in tripping 
the light fantastic. He stood about six feet tall and carried his 
two hundreds pounds quite well on his strong frame. Dax had a 
good manner about him and was often teased about how he resembled 
Indiana Jones in both his appearance and his demeanor. Dax was 
married to a knock-out of a woman. Mary was rather quiet and 
reserved, but used her outstanding body like a whore in the 
bedroom. 

Dax had several encounters over the years with swingers. His wife 
never really participated. He shared his experiences with her 
from time to time and this was met with mixed feelings. She would 
go simply wild at first, and her orgasms same over and over 
again. She couldn't get enough cock when Dax would tell her of 
how another woman sucked his long tool and how he drove this long 
weapon into another woman's wet love tunnel. After the 
excitement, she always had some reservations and sometimes became 
concerned that Dax would find someone he preferred to be with. 
Even with his assurances that this wouldn't happen, Mary still 
felt somewhat threatened. She got to the point where she knew it 
would periodically happen, she just didn't want to think about 
it. They would have fantasies about befriending and fucking other 
couples, but she just preferred to not to think about real 
situations. Dax had often encouraged her to "break fear's icy 
grip, and take a strange piece of ass, but she was always afraid 
for one reason or other. He didn't push it any farther. If she 
wanted some dick, she was allowed.

Dax met other couples over the years and developed some nice 
relationships. It wasn't easy convincing couples to take a chance 
on his because too many jerks were on the scene. His approach was 
to take things slow and not press others into the bedroom. He 
felt that if they wanted to take their excitement to a higher 
plane, he was all for it. However, he never was the first to 
suggest it. A few of the experiences were uncomfortable, because 
he just did not find the couple interesting. Most were great and 
the simple thought to connecting with others like himself turned 
him on dramatically.

It wasn't that Dax didn't get his share of ass, he just loved the 
adrenalin associated with finding exciting new people that liked 
to write about sex, talk about sex and meet to "discuss" their 
similarities. That's what first attracted him to the local 
computer bulletin board service that offered an X-rated door. He 
had tried others, but they were a vast distance from his home and 
it became quite costly to remain on the modem hook-up for hours 
each week.

Dax was fairly proficient with his computer. He decided to hook 
up a modem and see how many others in northeastern Ohio enjoyed 
the same things as he did. It took him a few days to learn the 
basics of moving around the board. Initially, he would only 
down-load graphics and experiment with the BBS. He also read many 
of the messages on the public section of the board. None of them 
really excited him all that much. One day while traveling around 
the board, Susan entered the board and began chatting with Dax. 
She seemed like a nice enough person, and they hit it off well. 
Their conversations often got interrupted by others who were 
searching for basically the same thing. This was frustrating. Due 
to this and as a result of getting busy with some other things in 
his life, Dax lost touch for about a week.

During the week that followed, Dax gave more and more thought to 
Susan. Finally, he prepared a private message and sent it to her. 
He told her a little about himself and asked that she do the 
same. Two days later, when Dax logged on the system and checked 
his mail, there was a response. He became excited before he even 
read the message. Susan suggested that her and her husband Frank 
had been swingers in the past, but got out of it due to their 
children and concerns about being discovered. She was forty-one 
years of age and Frank was forty-seven. Their children were away 
at college now and the attraction to meet other exciting people 
had returned. Susan indicated that they were into sexy dressing, 
adult videos and threesomes. Dax couldn't believe his eyes. 
Maybe, just maybe, this would be his re-introduction to swinging 
in the nineties. We began to fantasize about Susan and became 
quite excited.

He didn't want to rush things for fear of scarring Frank and 
Susan away. He send them additional mail that was not too pushy 
and hoped that Frank and Susan would make the suggestion to meet 
for a drink. Within a week there was excitement again. Susan 
suggested that the three of them should probably get together to 
meet and see what developed. Dax was elated but nervous. He 
prepared a message of response and suggested that they meet at 
lounge of the Moonraker Restaurant, a local supper club where he 
thought the atmosphere would be comfortable. He went on to 
suggest that they could have a drink and if either of them was 
uncomfortable or simply not interested, they could part and no 
one's feelings would be hurt.

He received a reply later that day when he logged on to the 
system. It was simply, "You're on Dax. See you at seven on 
Saturday. Dax was happy but a little anxious. What should he 
wear? He felt awkward and yet, excited as hell. The next two days 
were long. It seemed that Saturday would never arrive. Saturday 
came and he busied himself with some of the chores that required 
his attention around the house. He didn't log back on the system, 
because he was afraid Frank and Susan would have second thoughts 
and cancel. The time had arrived and he left the house for his 
appointment. He arrived and tried to put on his best walk and his 
soft demeanor. Upon entering, he went to the rest room to assure 
that his hair looked decent and made his way to the lounge.

As he sat down at the bar, his gaze traveled the lounge area. 
Shit, there were two couples that could have met the description 
and several singles sitting at the bar. He was anxious to get his 
bar eyes working as the lighting was subdued in the room. The two 
couples that he saw also turned their eyes to him. The first 
couple smiled and he cautiously smiled back and nodded. The woman 
looked like a middle line-backer for the 49er's. Could this be 
Susan? Christ, he thought. What am I going to do now. He moved 
his eyes to the other couple and their age seemed in the 
mid-thirties. That probably wasn't them. He was about to ask the 
bartender if either couple had asked for him yet, when a lovely 
creature entered the room and took a seat next to one of the 
single men sitting at the bar. She winked at Dax and suggested 
that he join them.

What a relief! After he joined them, Susan explained that she had 
to visit the powder room. She had seen the look on Dax's face and 
chuckled to him her understanding of what he must have been 
thinking. Frank, Susan and Dax all laughed and the conversation 
turned to the atmosphere and the nights musical entertainment. 
They discussed their children, their jobs and other interests. 
Frank then suggested that he and Susan dance as the band played 
another selection of slow mood music. Susan asked if Dax would 
mind if they left him for a while, and he assured them that he 
would not. As Susan got up to accompany Frank, she suggested to 
Dax that he watch them closely.

As the pair glided on the floor, Frank looked over his partner's 
shoulder at Dax and placed his hands on Susan's buttocks. His 
hands slowly moved with the music. As the couple turned, Susan 
looked at Dax and slightly parted her lips and moistened them 
with her pink tongue. Dax could feel himself getting aroused. He 
watched this couple grinding against one another ever so 
erotically. Soon the music came to an end, and they returned to 
the table. Frank escorted Susan back to the bar and excused 
himself to the men's room. Susan took her seat and asked Dax if 
he enjoyed watching them dance. He indicated to her that it was a 
real turn on.

She suggested that she would like to do the same thing for Frank 
and asked Dax if he would like to help her. He assured her that 
it would be his please. Frank returned to the bar, and Susan 
asked Frank if he would mind if she and Dax danced the next 
dance. Frank answered simply with a smile and a nod of his head. 
The music started and without a word Susan grabbed Dax's hand and 
headed for the dance floor. As she presser herself against him, 
Dax immediately began to get hard. Her soft breasts massaged his 
chest, and he could feel the warmth of her pussey as she pressed 
it into his leg. Dax could feel Frank watching them. Susan 
suggested that Dax put his hands on her fanny. Dax was hesitant. 
She assured him that it would be OK. Dax placed his hands on her 
smooth ass and was pleased to see that it was firm and 
beautifully shaped. As his hands moved on her ass, she began 
grinding her pussey into his now hard cock. She began to whisper 
in his ear. She told him that she would love to feel that 
rock-hard cock in her slippery cunt. She told him that she wanted 
to feel his lips on her hard nipples. She wanted to put his 
throbbing cock in her mouth and play with his balls. Dax was as 
hot as he ever remembered being. Soon, he didn't care that Frank 
was watching. As Dax felt Susan tightening her ass each time he 
squeezed it, she would also rub her wet pussey against him. He 
could almost taste it. Her perfume was enchanting, and he felt 
shivers of excitement run from his neck to his stiff cock each 
time she placed her lips to his ear.

Soon the music ended, and they returned to the bar. Susan 
suggested that they move to a small round table in the corner of 
the lounge. Frank agreed and said that he would get them a round 
of drinks and bring them over to the table. Susan positioned 
herself in a middle chair and Dax sat next to her. Frank returned 
to the table with the drinks and excused himself to go to the 
rest room. Susan's revealing outfit was enhanced as she leaned 
forward to accent her cleavage. She peeked down at her breasts 
and asked Dax if they appealed to him. He assured her that he 
thought her milky white mounds were beautiful, and he shared his 
excitement as having the opportunity to spend time with Frank and 
her. Frank returned and took his place next to Susan. Without a 
delay, Susan asked Frank if he felt that the table provided 
enough privacy for him to unzip his pants so that she could see 
the effect of her dance with Dax. He smiled and immediately 
unzipped his fly. Her hand traveled to his thick prick, and she a 
pleasing sound. As she began stroking his shaft, she turned to 
Dax and asked him to release his rocket. He looked around the 
lounge and felt comfortable that no one would see their antics. 
Loose it came, and it was met by Susan's warm, soft hand. She was 
now stroking both of their cocks in time to the slow music. Dax 
felt his hard member straining to burst. 

With little delay his cock began to release preparatory fluid. As 
this hot, slippery fluid began to paint her hand, Susan squeezed 
her legs together and began to rock back and forth. She continued 
her assault on Frank and Dax's long, thick penises. He eyes were 
closed and Frank slid his hand down the back of her slacks. Her 
grip tightened on both men. Frank looked at Dax and told him that 
her pussey was hot and very wet. Hearing this, Susan began to 
convulse in wave after wave of orgasms. Dax reached over and 
massaged her back. Frank still had his hand in Susan's slacks and 
told her to make it last as long as possible. Dax's head was 
wheeling, and he felt the very real need to climax also.

She looked at both men in turn and thanked them for the beautiful 
feelings that she had just experienced. Dax, for some reason he 
could not quite figure out, was proud that he had been able to 
help Susan get off. They had another drink and she danced in turn 
with both men again. The fever was beginning to return, and Susan 
suggested that they prepare to leave. Frank looked at Dax and 
invited him back to Frank and Susan's home for a drink. Dax 
agreed and indicated that he would follow them back to their 
home.

Upon arrival at their home, Dax was escorted by Susan into the 
family room as Frank excused himself and headed for the bar to 
prepare a cocktail for them. They had a lovely family room that 
was decorated in pleasing taste. Within the room stood a grand 
large screen T.V. and an excellent music system. The room was 
done in light yellow, and the lighting was expertly placed to 
accent the lovely art pieces that were hung with care. Frank 
returned with drinks and snacks, whereupon Susan excused herself 
to slip into something more comfortable. Dax agreed to review the 
contents of their film library and select a video for them to 
watch. They had a lovely selection, but none proved interesting 
in light of what he had just experienced. Frank indicated that 
Dax looked a bit miffed, and without further torture, Frank told 
Dax that the adult films were in the cabinet below. Dax again 
began looking at the selection, this time with greater 
satisfaction. He made a selection, carried it over to the VCR and 
took a seat.

Susan came out of an adjoining room wearing a see-through nightie 
that revealed what Dax had only guessed before. She had 
wonderfully large breasts with thick nipples. He gaped as she 
walked in front of him to secure to control for the video 
equipment. As she bent over her beautifully rounded buttocks 
unfolded, and the sheer material offered a view that gave Dax a 
rush. He could detect soft public hairs slightly escape their 
confines. She returned to the couch next to where Dax had seated 
himself and told Dax that his seat selection would never do. She 
invited him to join her with a pat of her hand upon the couch 
next to her.

Susan offered the control to Frank, and the movie began. As they 
began to watch the movie, Frank took a position in a chair 
somewhat removed from Susan and Dax. Susan rested her hand on 
Dax's leg and would periodically brush her hand against his 
manhood. Frank once again excused himself and left the room. As 
the remaining two were glued to the current scene unfolding on 
the big screen, Susan turned to Dax and gave him a look sultry 
enough to melt him. He reached over and placed his lips against 
hers. His hand traveled to her ample breasts, and his thumb and 
forefinger surrouned her thick nipple. He began rolling her 
lovely nipple, and she started to moan. Her large, firm breasts 
began to move under his soft touch. His other hand moved to her 
delicious fanny and found its way under the material of her 
panties. As his hand touched the smooth, firm buttocks, her mouth 
opened to his invading tongue. Further his hand traveled deep 
into the crack of her wonderful ass cheeks. Down it moved to her 
soft and hairy, wet honey pot. He worked two fingers inside her 
slippery cunt and began to fuck this lovely tunnel.

At this point Frank returned and Dax almost jumped out of the 
couch. Susan reached down to his now free hand and placed the 
fingers he was using to fuck her with into her mouth. She assured 
him that he did not have to be concerned about Frank's presence. 
Frank was dressed in a bathrobe and was stroking his cock. He got 
up and turned down the lights. Susan asked Dax if he would like 
to get more comfortable, and he agreed. She took him by the hand 
and coaxed him up off the couch. As he stood there, he felt a 
little self conscious as his throbbing cock jutted out. Susan 
threw the pillows off of the couch and reached for a hand pull. 
In the flick of her tiny wrist the couch had been converted to a 
bed. She replaced the pillows and invited Dax to join her on the 
bed. The movie continued. An excellently built man and a gorgeous 
woman were wrapped in a hot embrace. The three viewers became 
more excited as the man slipped his huge cock out of the woman's 
mouth and slipped it into her waiting cunt hole.

Susan had curled up next to Dax and told him to be free in 
anything he wanted. She assured him that if it was something that 
she was not comfortable with, she would let him know. Once again 
his hands went to her waiting body, as she released his belt and 
zipper. Her breasts pulled out of his grasp as she moved down his 
body and placed his throbbing penis between her hungry lips. What 
a wonderful mouth. She was able to take his entire eight inch 
length into her throat. He became concerned that he would not be 
able to control himself and would cum. He eased his thick cock 
out of her mouth and pulled her closer to him. Again his mouth 
found her excellent nipples and he rubbed his teeth over them 
gently. His hand found her hot hole, and he lathered her honey 
pot until he could feel her vibrating in climax against him. He 
turned her over and rubbed her back and shoulders so that she 
might recover from her violent climax. His lips traveled down her 
back and he gently began to bite at the cheeks of her smooth ass. 
His tongue dipped into the crack of her ass, and the sweet smell 
of her womanhood entered his nose. His cock seemed like it would 
double in size. Dax then turned Susan over and placed his face 
squarely into the delta of her pubic hair. Deeper and deeper his 
tongue drove into her clit and her love channel. In his 
peripheral vision, he could see Frank stroking is generous penis. 
He also was exercising caution not to climax too soon.

Susan began to plead for Dax's cock. Dax removed Susan's panties 
the remander of the way and placed her on her knees. He then 
spread he spongy buttocks to locate her soft, wet cunt hole. His 
thick member found no resistance as be placed its tip against the 
slippery slot. The entire length entered Susan as she cried in 
joy. "Jamb that mother fucker in that cunt," she screamed. Dax 
looked down at his cock splitting this beautiful cunt and noticed 
the texture of the smooth buttocks that filled his hands. He 
released one cheek and reached around to feel the weight of one 
heavy tit. Again he began tweaking her thick nipple. She began to 
convulse and drive her hot, love box back against his piston. Her 
own juices began to flow down her legs. It was slippery and 
glistening. The sight and feel of this love juice excited Dax 
even more. He could hear Frank groan as the cum began pouring 
from Frank's dick. Dax saw Susan's breasts bobbing and her 
beautiful buttocks wiggling and he could take it no longer. Huge 
gobs of cum began to issue from his pounding rod. Two strong 
bursts painted Susan's insides. He pulled his jerking cock from 
her now sloppy hole and squirted the remainder on her shaking ass 
cheeks. He collapsed next to Susan on the bed and lost 
consciousness. 

Time went by and he began to feel himself awakening. He felt 
comfortable and spent. He lovely smell of bacon and eggs invaded 
his now relaxed senses. He peeled his eyes open and saw Frank 
preparing orange juice. They had a great breakfast and much to 
Dax's pleasure, neither he nor Susan and Frank demonstrated any 
concerns about what had happened. This lovely couple told Dax 
that this was one of the most comfortable and pleasing 
experiences that they could remember. Dax was invited back and 
promised that he would return. Next time, he added, it would be 
his job to pick up the pizza.

                                   THE END

If you enjoyed this little story, please feel free to leave me
a message in the mail box at Rusty & Edie's BBS.

				Dax.                                #

                       HYPNOTIC SEX

Dax wondered whether he was unusual in terms of his sexual fan-
tasies. He had married his childhood sweetheart when they were 
both relatively young. He and Mary had started going together 
when he was seventeen and she fifteen. They were married at 
twenty-one and nineteen respectively. After about a year's mar-
riage, Dax began his fantasies about Mary making love to another 
man. He never really analyzed why this idea excited him. All he 
knew was that his cock became eight inches of rock hard sex when-
ever he thought of it.

He wondered how he might be able to broach the topic with Mary 
without offending her. Their regular sex life was rather excit-
ing. They fucked often and with a fervor. She was a fox. Her 
height was about 5'3" and she weighed about 120 pounds. She had 
great tits that filled a 34 C bra without trouble. With a rather 
small waste, she sported the lovely undulating pair of buttocks 
that rippled so nicely when she walked. Needless to say, Dax's 
mind worked overtime when it came to his libido.

Dax tried some of the traditional approaches like attending 
X-Rated movies and playing touch and go with some of their 
friends. She never found any of his friends exciting enough to 
respond of say anything that would suggest she wanted to fuck any 
of them. Then one day she returned home after working the after-
noon shift at a automobile wiring plant. She indicated that Ray, 
a guy that worked on her line, was teasing her about her jeans 
being too tight. She asked Dax if he thought that Ray was right. 
Dax indicated that Ray probably was just admiring her and was 
probably hitting on her. Much to Dax's surprise she showed a big 
smile and said that if that were the case, that would be nice.

Dax questioned her as to whether that excited her. She responded 
that she was married and didn't allow herself to think about it. 
He assured her that it wouldn't bother him if she got excited 
about another man being interested in her. She seemed surprised 
and wondered aloud if that wouldn't make Dax jealous. Dax reas-
sured her that he would be a little jealous, but told her that it 
excited him to hear that other men found her sexually appealing. 
That pretty much started their dialog about threesomes and open 
marriages.

Dax had had a few short-termed affairs in the first several years 
of marriage, but he was never able to convince Mary that she 
should feel free to try some strange cock. One day, while Mary 
was at work, she decided to meet Ray after work and see what 
developed. Both she and Dax were disappointed when Ray did meet 
with her after work, and he was so high on some drug that she be-
came frightened and left. She decided never to see Ray again.

Dax began answering ads in swinger's magazines in hopes that he 
could convince Mary to meet with other couples. She was afraid 
and declined. Dax didn't let that stop him. He met with several 
couples over the next couple of years. Periodically, he would 
share some of his adventures with Mary, and their sex was great 
due to the heightened libidos that result from such activity. 
Year after year Dax would try new ways to lure Mary into ex-
perimenting with other men. Dax had to find another way.

Hypnosis was always a hobby of Dax. He was somewhat of a intel-
lectual and enjoyed reading about such things. He read everything 
that he could get his hands on about hypnosis. As a result of his 
job, he was enabled to attend several seminars on clinical hyp-
nosis. He got rather good at induction techniques, and Mary 
agreed to be one of his subjects. This began by simple experi-
ments like temperature control of the body, relaxation techniques 
and similar approaches. Then one day, Dax decided to take hyp-
nosis to the bedroom. He gave Mary the suggestion that she was 
lying on a warm beach. The gulls were crying, the waves were 
caressing the shoreline and the sun was licking her lovely, nude 
body. 

He watched her as she lay on the bed. Her lovely pink nipples be-
came hard and reached for the mind orchestrated sun. Her legs 
opened to receive that warmth on her hair-covered pussey. She was 
told to enjoy herself and not to concern herself about anything 
as there was no one around and she had her "island" to herself. 
Dax assured her that she could enjoy herself and the sun and that 
he would wake her after an enjoyable time in the sun. Dax con-
tinued to watch, his thick cock becoming harder and longer than 
he ever remembered. His mind was working overtime as well. As he 
watcher her turn over to permit the rays of the hot sun on her 
soft, yet firm buttocks, his mind began to wonder about what 
other "miracles" could be accomplished through hypnosis.

That night ended in Dax having three climaxes. One occurred while 
he watched Mary masturbate while lying on the secluded beach. He 
didn't even touch his straining penis. As his eyes caressed 
Mary's wriggling body, his cock began to erupt into one of the 
most wonderful climaxes in memory. He buried his blood-engorged 
penis in his wife's waiting cunt two times that night. Each time 
he came was like the first. He had found one of the most exciting 
approaches to sex he had ever dreamed of. When he woke Mary, he 
offered her a post hypnotic suggestion that she would be well 
rested and remember everything as a wonderful dream.

About a week went by. Dax continued to analyze his "new sex tool" 
and try to think of other exciting uses. The following Friday 
night, he planned to take Mary on her first experimental strange 
experience. They watched TV for a couple of hours after they got 
home from work. He tried to think of things to talk about that 
would put her in the right frame of mind for sex, and his mind 
was put to the task of how he would introduce this sleep-affair. 
Soon it was late enough that he could suggest they go to bed.
Teeth were brushed, PJ's were donned and they took their respec-
tive places in bed. He had established a post hypnotic suggestion 
to reduce the time required to put her under. He merely had to 
snap his fingers twice. As they settled in, he looked at her in 
the eyes and snapped his fingers, telling her to sleep deeply. 
Her eyes closed, and Dax could see her body begin to melt into a 
deep relaxation. He indicated to her that she was in a large 
hotel in Florida and that she had made an appointment for a body 
massage. She would find herself in the massage room at the hotel. 
She was advised to open her eyes, remove her clothing and place a 
towel over herself when Dax snapped his fingers once. He further 
indicated to Mary that an attractive man would come through the 
door and it was his job to give her a full body massage. Dax 
snapped his fingers and left the room.

Dax was shaking as her peered through the crack he conveniently 
left in the almost closed door. He saw Mary get out of the bed, 
remove the top of her night clothes. Her breast looked glorious 
and he wished that another man could see their heavy bounce and 
her pouting pink nipples. She laid the top aside. Her thumbs were 
placed inside the waistband of her bottoms, and she slid them 
down over her soft buttocks. Dax's cock was already rock-hard. 
Mary laid down on the bed and pulled a towel over herself in a 
modest fashion, waiting for the man who would give her a massage. 
Dax could only wonder what was going through her head.

He entered the room sheepishly, towel over his arm and a slight 
smile on his face. He said hello to Mary, and she shyly returned 
his smile and said hello. Dax asked her if she was ready for her 
massage, and she said that she was. He asked her if she liked it 
soft or hard. She responded by telling him to use his own discre-
tion. Dax asked her to turn over on her belly. She did so as he 
held the towel in place. He turned the towel down a couple of 
turns and placed baby oil on her upper back. As his hands began 
to work the oil into her tense body, he felt as though he was 
touching a strange body. His cock continued to strain and he 
could feel the preparatory fluids seep from the head of his hard 
cock. Mary's moans told Dax that she was getting a great deal of 
satisfaction out of his efforts.

More and more the towel was lowered. He could see the swell of 
the sides of her ample breasts as she held her hair out of the 
way of the baby oil. Her moans continued as his hands moved lower 
and lower down her back. Soon the towel was moved down to expose 
half of her buttocks. His hands ventured onto these beautiful 
mounds of flesh, and his mind spoke to him of the "strange" body 
that he was touching. As his hands began to massage this new 
flesh without objection, he reached for more oil. The oil ran 
down into the cleft between these glorious mounds. His hand 
quickly reached to capture the oil to work it into this bouncing 
flesh. Mary's moans began to increase in volume.

Dax put oil on the backs of her thighs and massaged this in. With 
each swipe of his hand he moved closer and closer to the heated 
area between her legs. Her hips raised each time his hands ap-
proached her hoted 
. Finally, Dax dipped down into this area, 
and his slippery hand touched the oil drenched lips of her d 
. 
With this, Mary pressed her face into the pillow and pressed her 
pussey against Dax's wet hand. For fear of scarring her with this 
new experience, he moved his hand back to her buttocks to con-
tinue his assault. After a short time, he instructed her to turn 
over. This was the test. There would be a "strange man" looking 
into her face.

Mary turned over but kept her eyes closed as Dax held the towel 
in place for her. She again placed her arms over her head and had 
a peaceful look on her face. By this time Dax's pants were wet 
from his preparatory emissions. He rolled down the towel to ex-
pose Mary's heavy breasts. Her juicy nipples remained hard and 
pert. Dax poured oil in the valley between her large breasts. 
Before it would flow off her body, his hands were on the lovely, 
spongy tits. He slowly began to manipulate the firm breasts. 
Mary's eyes snapped open and looked at Dax. He gave her a slight 
smile and returned his gaze to the moving tits. She could not 
restrain her pleasure. Her moans escaped her lips in soft tones 
as her breathing began to shorten. Dax's hands lingered over her 
thick nipples as his thumbs and forefingers gently pinched and 
manipulated these love buttons.

Mary began grinding her hoteass into the sheets and straining her 
breasts higher and higher. Dax put oil now on her belly and began 
gently rubbing it in. His eyes were blessed as he saw the oil run 
down her belly into the fluffy pubic hair covering her already 
greasy slit. One hand continued working her breasts as the other 
moved down to her mound. He dipped periodically to her clit with 
the palm of his hand. At this, a loud moan escaped her lips as 
she reached for his hand and held it to her swollen pussey. Her 
eyes remained closed. Dax allowed a finger to slip inside of her 
hot d 
, and he could feel this tunnel tighten on his single 
finger. He worked it around and deeper into her love hole while 
his other hand remained on her heaving tits. She in turn grabbed 
her other breast and started to manipulate its stiff nipple. With 
this assurance, Dax reached forward and placed his lips on the 
nipple he had been pinching. He body jumped and her hands grabbed 
his head to insure against him moving it away. Dax put two more 
fingers inside of Mary's swollen cunt and began to pump it as he 
manipulated her clit with his thumb. She began to climax and her 
body shook with convulsion after convulsion. After what seemed 
like five minutes, Mary's  body came to rest. With her eyes open 
she looked at this "strange man" and offered her thanks.

Dax decided not to take it too far the first time. He washer the 
oil from Mary's body and toweled her off. He again put her to 
sleep and left her with another post hypnotic suggestion to awake 
feeling well rested and remember everything as a wonderful dream.

                                        THE END

P.S. If you have had similar experiences or care to know more 
about Hypnotic Sex, please leave mail for Dax Man on Rusty & 
Edies BBS. 
                                                                                                                                     Hynosex - The use of Hypnosis in Sex

     Dax could feel himself becoming more interested in what 
wonders hypnosis had to offer he and Mary and their sexual 
desires. He decided to take Mary to a new level of sexual 
heights. He had helped Mary experience complete hallucination of 
the senses on two different occasions. The first was to find her 
on a secluded beach masturbating, and the second was a wonderful 
massage by a great looking stranger. Now what? She had still 
never had a stranger's cock in her body. Dax decided that would 
be the next adventure. He would introduce Mary to this experience 
on Saturday night.

     The week seemed to drag on. It seemed as though Saturday 
would never come. Each time Dax looked at Mary he thought about 
how exciting it would be for Mary to give her body to a strange 
man; her lovely breasts, her round buttocks, her hot pussey. 
Strange hands on her skin; her lips on another man's penis; his 
hairy balls resting in her hands and on the soft cheeks of her 
ass. He went wild with the thought of it. And then Saturday came.

     They spent their evening in the same fashion as usual. A 
movie, a pizza and a bottle of wine were their entertainment. The 
movie was not bad, the pizza was different and the wine was 
great. Dax did have a hard time keeping his mind on anything 
other than sex. As they prepared to retire, Dax's apprehension 
increased. Mary had no idea what was to take place. As Mary 
dressed in her night clothes to get into bed, again Dax's mind 
wandered to thoughts of another man gazing on her wonderful body. 
Dax snapped his fingers twice, his regular post hypnotic suggest-
ion that would place Mary into a deep trance state. He watched 
her eyes close. A warm smile appeared on her lips, and she melted 
into a deep sleep.

     Dax continued to bring Mary deeper and deeper into her 
trance. He suggested to her that upon reaching her deepest trance 
state she would begin to feel very sexy. He continued along these 
lines for quite some time until he could perceive Mary actually 
beginning to squirm. She was hot and wanted fucked. Dax told her 
that he would soon wake her and when she awoke, she would find 
herself all alone and extremely horny. She would dress completely 
in a tight fitting outfit, get in the car and go to the all-night 
grocery store. When she reached the store, she would complete the 
shopping that she was going to do the next day. While at the 
grocery store, she would meet a stranger with a green ribbon in 
the zipper of his coat. As soon as she identified the green rib-
bon, the man wearing the ribbon would be the most exciting man 
she had ever seen. She would have trouble taking her eyes off of 
him. This would be the man she always wanted to make love to.

     Dax went on to explain that she would be attracted to this 
man so much, because she may never have the chance to see him 
again. He further told her not to concern herself with Dax be-
cause he would be out of town on business for two days. Before he 
woke Mary up he decided to give her one more post hypnotic sug-
gestion. That suggestion took the form of the length of each of 
her orgasms. He would pyramid them. He told her that the inten-
sity of her climax would be double what she ever experienced 
before. After assuring her that she would remember nothing about 
being in a trance, Dax woke Mary up. Now would follow the first 
test. Would she awaken, go about the business of getting ready 
for the grocery store and not be able to see Dax. He waited with 
a great deal of interest as he watched Mary get ready to go to 
the store. He sat in a chair in the corner of the master bedroom 
silently.

     Mary got up from the bed and went into the bathroom off the 
bedroom without acknowledging Dax's presence. He never took his 
eyes off Mary as she began to pin her hair up to take a shower. 
Her hair secure, she removed her night clothes, and Dax's blood 
began to race. His thick penis began to grow as he viewed her 
lovely bouncing breasts and the cleave of her ass cheeks. Her 
soft pubic hair was brought into view as she turned. She stopped 
in front of the mirror and began to admire herself. Her hands 
reached up and gently cupped her ample breasts. Mary pointed the 
nipples at the mirror and a smile crept over her lips. As the 
thumb and forefinger of each hand pinched the generous pink 
nipples of each mound of flesh her eyes rolled up and closed. 
Maintaining her grasp on one of the nipples, she allowed her 
other hand to dip down to her bush. Dax had never seen Mary alone 
and unaware of a spectator. He now understood what a voyeur must 
feel like. His hard rod stretched to its maximum length.

     Mary began to furiously rub her clit and manipulate her 
breasts. Dax heard a soft moan and Mary turned from the mirror to 
head for the shower. Dax's excitement continued as Mary entered 
the hot stream of the shower and soaped every inch of her hot 
body. She toweled herself off and moved toward the dressing 
table. As she bent over to open a drawer, her buttocks were of-
fered to his intense view; so pink and round and tight. Suddenly 
she removed a tight kelley green pair of slacks and tossed them 
on the bed next to the dressing table. Next she removed a white 
knit top and placed it next to the slacks. Mary entered her 
undies drawer and withdrew a sexy pair of panties. As she reached 
down for the panties, Dax could see her heavy breasts swing down 
and undulate as if they had a life of their own.

     Mary stepped into the panties and pulled them up over her 
tight buttocks. She quickly donned her slacks and pulled the top 
on without a bra. Admiring herself in the mirror, her hands went 
to her breasts, and she felt the weight in her hands. Satisfied 
that her body would look its best in this outfit, she reached for 
a comb. She combed her hair and reached for her make-up case to 
place the final touches on this portrait. Uncontrollably, seminal 
fluid began to seep out of Dax's straining cock. He began think-
ing about old baseball games to keep himself from blowing his en-
tire wad. Mary left the room and quickly grabbed her coat and 
keys. She was out of the door before Dax could follow her through 
the house.

     Dax quickly got his essentials and began looking for his 
keys. He couldn't find his god-damned keys. His mind was reeling. 
Suddenly he remembered that he had left them in his overcoat, 
retrieved them and headed for the garage. He was shaking with an-
ticipation as he grabbed his jacket and reached into the pocket 
for his green ribbon. His wife was off to the grocery store and 
would likely find more that ground chuck upon completion of her 
mission. He headed toward the grocery store with his cock still 
heavy with anticipation.

     Dax's heart jumped once again as he pulled into the parking 
lot and saw Mary's van parked there. Still shaking slightly, he 
exited the car and began his journey into the store. On his way, 
he recovered a shopping carts in the parking lot and pushed it 
toward the automatic doors. He thought how humorous it must be 
that some of the observers in the area were likely thinking that 
he was doing his part to bring one of the carts back to the 
store. Actually, he was trying to hide his substantial hard on. 
As he entered the store, his eyes began to search for Mary. His 
gaze then went to the zipper of his jacket to assure himself that 
his ribbon was in place. It was. Where would she go first? He 
would try the dairy isle. True to habit, Mary was at the dairy 
section viewing the offerings. Dax just stood back and watched. 
She was a good shopper, moving through the isles quickly captur-
ing all of those necessities that she was so used to buying.

     It wasn't busy in the store. There were only several shop-
pers there at the time. Many of them appeared to be single men 
struggling through this chore. It didn't take Dax long to observe 
that Mary had removed her coat and hung it over the back of the 
cart. Soon, it became apparent that the men in the store were 
watching her fine ass as it passed. When she reached for an item, 
her breasts would often swing against the material of her top and 
thrill the onlookers. Dax's cock remained hard and ready. He 
decided that it was about time he allowed Mary to notice him. He 
traveled the reverse way of the traffic pattern that Mary had es-
tablished so he could face her in his travels. As he rounded the 
soup section, there she was.

     Mary was being followed casually by two men, one behind the 
other. At this point they were merely pretending to shop. It was 
obvious that they were benefiting from the view of her great 
body. This excited Dax even more. Soon Mary's casual gaze met 
Dax. She looked away and then her head snapped back to rivet on 
the green ribbon of his jacket. She immediately began to blush. 
She quickly looked away and began sneaking peeks at this 
"stranger." As she turned the corner, Dax could see that she was 
trying to see more of him. Again they appeared in the same isle, 
the wine section, going in their respective directions. Mary 
stopped to view the selection, Dax continued his slow walk toward 
her. Dax knew Mary well enough to know that she would probably 
not make the first move. It was his responsibility. As he closed 
in, he stopped and asked her if she liked the brand of wine she 
held in her hand. She indicated that she liked to try different 
brands and types, and he indicated that he did also. As their 
conversation developed, she became more talkative. They began to 
walk in the same direction, talking about many of their inter-
ests. Her eyes periodically moved to his bulge. Her nose became 
filled with his scent. She was getting aroused just walking next 
to him. They found that they had quite a bit in common, ob-
viously, and Dax suggested that they meet for coffee some day. 
Mary indicated that the idea sat well with her and assured him 
that she would enjoy it. The next test was soon to come. Dax ex-
cused himself and told her that he enjoyed talking with her. She 
offered her phone number and bid Dax goodbye.

     As she began walking away, Mary's mind must have gone into 
high gear. The suggestion that she may never see this man again 
must have assaulted her awareness. She turned and Dax continued 
to walk. She caught his attention and indicated to him that she 
didn't even know his name. He told her that his name was Eddie 
and, she advised him that she was Mary. She then suddenly asked 
him it he had plans for the rest of the evening. He smiled and 
indicated that he did not. Mary then told "Eddie" that she was 
not committed to anything either and thought that it would be a 
shame to have to drink her bottle of wine all by herself. She 
couldn't believe her own ears. Did that come out of her lips? 
"Eddie" smiled and told her that it was late and she probably 
shouldn't be unescorted to her home anyway. "Let's get to check 
out and I'll follow you home," he offered. She agreed with a 
smile and a shake of her head and they approached the check out 
counter. Having completed this task they headed toward their 
cars.

     Dax actually felt as though Mary was a stranger. She acted a 
little differently. She was infinitely more sexy, and she moved 
in such a way as to accentuate her lovely body. Dax continued to 
imagine Mary being with a strange man, pressing her lips to him, 
touching his strange penis and offering him all of her charms. 
Naughtiness - that was it. It was naughty. Every conceivable sex 
act invaded his mind. He couldn't remember being this aroused. 
Soon they were at "Mary's home." She pulled into the drive and 
exited the van with packages in tow. She fumbled with her keys 
and opened the door. Dax was directly behind her, watching her 
buttocks move under the tight material. He felt it curious how 
her hands shook as she placed the key in the lock to allow them 
entrance.

     Once inside, Mary told "Eddie" to make himself comfortable 
and she would be right with him. "Eddie" went to the couch and 
collapsed. He couldn't remember ever sitting on the couch. He 
generally sat in an easy chair. He really felt as if he were in 
someone else's house. He heard Mary getting glasses and ice to 
chill the glasses. Soon she joined him in the living room, 
deposited the tray of wine and sat at the opposite end of the 
couch. Dax got a smirk on his face, and Mary understood. She told 
him that she had never invited anyone over before, and Dax of-
fered a fake frown. She then hastened to mention that she was 
married and it would probably be poorly perceived that she did 
invite him over. "Eddie" told her that if she was uncomfortable, 
he would leave. She indicated that she was uncomfortable, but she 
did not want him to leave. She found him so interesting that she 
wanted to know more about him. She wanted to know why he had ac-
cepted her offer to come over when he didn't even know her. Dax 
pulled out all of the stops. "I find you to be one of the most 
exciting women I have ever met and was hoping that I could get to 
know you better. I can't very well get to know you if you are 
sitting at the other end of the couch," he shared as he reached 
and put his hand on her arm. They slowly moved toward each other 
and their lips met.

     Her body felt new. After twenty years of marriage, he was on 
fire. He felt her body tremble as she pressed her breasts into 
his chest. His hand cupped the back of her head and pulled her 
toward him. Soon her tongue touched his lip and begged for admit-
tance to his hot mouth. His tongue met hers and they seemed to 
melt together. Dax placed his left hand under her sweater and 
found a warm breast with its nipple plump and straining. He felt 
the weight of her flesh. He gently pinched her nipple, and she 
sighed heavily as her tongue reached farther into his mouth. His 
hand now reached down and slipped into her slacks and beneath her 
panties to cup the swell of her buttocks. Dipping into the moist 
canyon of her ass cheeks, he squeezed and felt her respond by 
placing her hand on his now gigantic cock. Suddenly she stopped 
her aggression and seemed to become concerned. Dax asked her if 
there was something wrong. "Eddie, I have to make something clear 
to you. I am married, and I love my husband very much. I have 
never done anything like this before, and I'm concerned that it's 
wrong," she said.

     "Do you think that Dax would be really upset with us?" he 
inquired.

     "Actually, it would probably be quite the contrary. Dax has 
hinted many times throughout our marriage that the thought of me 
making it with someone else would be a real turn on for him," 
Mary explained.

     "Well, I promise not to take it too serious, if you don't. 
What do you say? You tell Dax what you want to. You know him well 
enough to pick what to tell him and when," Dax urged. She smiled 
at him and placed his hand back on her soft, waiting breast.

     After what seemed like only seconds, Dax reached under both 
sides of Mary's sweater and lifted it over her head. He saw the 
lovely breasts stretch upward as she raised her arms over her 
head to accommodate his efforts. Her eyes were glued to his to 
observe the appreciation on his face. His head immediately 
dropped to her juicy nipple as his hand lifted her heavy tit to 
his mouth. Again a moan escaped her lips, as her hand began work-
ing on the zipper of his pants. Soon they were both naked.

     Mary's love tunnel was wet with her own juices. She knew 
that she had never been this excited, as the cream began running 
down her legs and into the crack of her ass. In a quick motion, 
her head fell onto his thick bone and devoured it. Up and down 
she went trying to stuff every morsel of his eight inch cock into 
her throat. Her hands manipulated the hairy balls as if she were 
trying to prepare his cum for its inevitable exit. He wanted to 
slide his tongue into her swollen cunt but didn't want her to 
stop what she was doing. He just laid back and enjoyed what was 
happening. Quickly, he felt the cum boiling in his heavy balls. 
He was going to ejaculate. Without a word, he withdrew his vein 
covered meat from her lips. He rearranged her on the couch and 
threw her legs back forcing his tongue into the deep, dark honey 
pot. She even tasted different. His lips began plucking at her 
now hard clit, dipping his tongue deep into her hole from time to 
time.

     Mary soon let out what can only be described as a deep 
grunt. Her hips began pounding against Dax's face as she held his 
head in place. Her breasts were flopping wildly as she shame-
lessly fucked his face with her dripping cunt. "Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh 
my god - Oh - Oh - Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh," she cried. It went on and 
on. She continued to convulse as his tongue milked the cream from 
deep in her hole. He had never seen Mary cum this hard of this 
long. His face was becoming covered with her love juices and 
detached pubic hair. Soon she lay there completely spent and 
semi-conscious. Dax went to the rest room and acquired a towel. 
He wiped his face, sat in his easy chair and continued to stroke 
his huge erection.

     Dax exited the chair and poured two glasses of wine. He 
moved to the couch and offered one to Mary. She took it with what 
was clearly a weak hand. After a long sip on the cool wine, she 
offered a huge grin and told him that she hoped he didn't think 
that she was done. He returned the smile, took a sip of his glass 
and returned to his chair, stroking his heavy penis. Mary quickly 
recovered as the sexiest look came over her face. She moved over 
to the chair and placed herself between this man's legs. She 
placed her lips over his flacid penis, and he knew instantly that 
she still had wine in her mouth. The sensation was great. He felt 
the cool wine encompass his cock. Soon the wine was gone and only 
her hot quick lips remained, sliding up and down his shaft. He 
reached down and felt the weight of her heavy tits, bouncing as 
her head pounded his penis. He looked down her smooth back to the 
cleft between the cheeks of her tight ass. Surely, heaven was 
like this.

     Dax had the greatest urge in the world to drive his thick 
long cock into this woman. Suddenly he rose and began to push 
Mary over to the couch, spreading her legs as she fell backward. 
"Wait, Eddie. Would you please fuck me like a dog. I would love 
to feel your huge bone in my cunt as your thighs pound against my 
ass," she begged. Dax backed off and allowed Mary to get on her 
knees. He looked down and saw her buttocks displayed before him; 
her gaping cunt with soaked hair and dripping from excitement. He 
took his cock in his hand and began to stroke it once again, as 
he aimed it toward her dark slit. Her breasts undulating with a 
gentle bounce, she waited to be filled with this strange cock.

     Dax's thick rod encountered no resistance as it parted the 
lips of her fragrant hold and slid deep into this cavern of love. 
Upon initial entry, Mary once again began to convulse with spasm 
after spasm of orgasm. Her box engulfed Dax's pounding cock and 
squeezed it tight. He drove deeper and deeper into her belly. 
"Fuck me, fuck me harder, fuck me deeper. Drive that bone into my 
cunt, mother fucker. Fill my guts with your cream. Fuck that 
cunt, squeeze my ass; harder," she screamed. 

     He could take it no longer. Deep within his balls he could 
feel the cream exploding for release. Bang! It erupted. The first 
convulsion, he squirted a huge load of cum into her cunt. He then 
pulled his jumping rod from her hole and shot several volleys of 
hot juice on her ass and back. She reached back and started to 
smear the thick sticky cum over her ass and back. She grabbed 
Dax's cock and continued to milk it as she cried with joy.

     They both collapsed on the couch into one another's arms and 
fell off to sleep. Dax was the first to awaken. He went to the 
rest room, cleaned up and returned with a hot wash cloth and a 
towel for Mary. As he nudged Mary her eyes slowly opened. As soon 
as she was aware, Dax snapped his fingers twice, and Mary's eyes 
closed again. Dax told her that she would soon awaken, feeling 
wonderful and remembering everything as though it actually hap-
pened. She would feel no guilt and would be proud that she 
finally obtained the courage to make love with a stranger. He 
further told her that she could feel free to tell him about her 
experience in her own good time. Mary was awoken, freshened up, 
went to bed and fell off into a wonderful natural sleep.

     The next morning she was surprised to find Dax home, think-
ing that he would be gone for another day. He told her that he 
had finished his business early and had missed her. She im-
mediately reached for his cock and placed it in her mouth. 'Let 
the games begin,' he thought. He also let his mind wander about 
the next experience he would treat her to. He was on fire again.

                                   THE END

P.S. I hope that you enjoyed this little addition in my continu-
ing efforts to demonstrate the power and pleasure of hypnosis in 
the bedroom. They are real experiences. If you have questions, or 
similar experiences, please feel free to contact me on Rusty & 
Edies BBS. I'd like to communicate with you about it. DAX MAN.
                                                                  #

                 HYPNOSEX - THE CONTINUING STORY

     Dax sat in the office as his mind began to settle down from 
the day's activity. His pushed back from the desk, leaned back in 
his chair, placed his hands behind his head and began to think 
about the last hypnosex experience with Mary, his wife. As his 
thoughts began to touch those moments when his wife was making 
love with another man, his cock started to grow. With eyes closed 
his mind began painting pictures of Mary parting her soaked 
pussey so that "Eddie" could bury his straining cock. He was 
convinced that it was time for a new experience. He would prepare 
for another mind altering experience.

     The ride home was a blur. His mind focused on the events 
that he would create for his wife's enjoyment. Up until this 
point she had never shared with Dax that she had experienced 
"another man." He pulled into the drive and pushed the button to 
open the garage. Mary was in the kitchen as he entered. She 
smiled, welcomed him home and offered her lovely lips to him. 
Mary continued her efforts to complete dinner as Dax went into 
the bedroom to change for dinner. As he undressed, he was happy 
to see that the thoughts he was having on the way home nicely 
affected the heaviness and length of his penis. He pulled it out 
and began stroking it. He could feel his nipples tingling at the 
thought of a new experience for Mary. Dax dressed and made his 
way out of the bedroom.

     Dax entered the dining room and walked up behind Mary 
placing his extended rod against the crack of her ass. He reached 
up under her sweat shirt and cupped her bra-less breasts. Her 
nipples stabbed his respective palms, and his cock jumped. She 
pushed back slightly and indicated that she expected some of 
"that" later and giggled. He assured her that she would be 
pleasantly surprised. "What does that mean?" she inquired.

     "You'll see sweetheart. I want to see the look on your face 
when you get it, so I won't spoil it now," he added. Dax was 
trying to feel Mary out about the last experience she had, to 
determine whether he was moving too fast and whether it turned 
her on as much as it did him.

     "Tell me honey; have you ever entertained any thoughts about 
making it with another man?" Dax inquired after they had finished 
most of their meal.

     "You really do want me to fuck someone else, don't you? You 
know Dax, I don't really know how to take you sometimes. I get 
concerned that if I do experience another man you will find that 
you don't really want that. I also get concerned that you will 
think I am a slut", Mary responded.

     "I told you before honey, that I would get a little jealous, 
but it would be a great turn on for me. I know you love me, and a 
piece of ass wouldn't change that. I have more faith in our 
relationship after twenty years of marriage to think that I would 
care less for you. It's actually my request. Why would I get 
angry with you. Like I told you before; if you ever want to or 
get the chance to have a strange cock in you, I would love it", 
Dax assured her.

     "OK, I'll take a chance. I did get fucked Dax. It was great, 
and I wanted to tell you about it, but I was afraid to, because I 
didn't want to upset you", she began to ramble. She got up from 
the table and turned away from Dax as she finished her sentence. 
Dax could feel the blood begin to flow in his loins, but he was a 
little concerned about Mary. 

     "Oh honey, you don't have to worry about that. You've said 
it. I know it now, and I'm happy for you," Dax said as he 
approached her from behind. He grabbed her arms and slowly turned 
her to face him. Dax looked into her eyes, smiled and kissed her.

     "Are you sure that you're not mad?" she asked. She was 
trembling slightly as she nestled into his strong arms.

     "No honey, I promise that not only am I not angry, I am very 
turned on by it. Would you feel comfortable telling me about it?" 
he asked.

     "Give me a minute while I think of where to begin. I'll put 
on some coffee," She said. Dax watcher her move about the dining 
room. His blood was beginning to boil as he saw her buttocks move 
under her tight sweat pants and her breasts sway under her shirt. 
He began to remember how Mary reacted to what she thought was a 
stranger. He recalled how powerful her orgasms were. He could see 
"Eddie's" hands on her breasts, his lips on her nipples and his 
thick cock ramming her hole. 

     Mary put a cup of coffee in front of Dax and began speaking 
quietly, "I really don't know what got into me. It was so out of 
character. I went to the store to pick up a few things while you 
were out of town. I entered the store and really became conscious 
of several men in the place. It seemed like they were all looking 
at me. I started feeling really sexy. After a short time, I ran 
into one man that really seemed to turn me on. I don't know what 
it was about him. I just began thinking about how it would be to 
touch him, have him touch me and I wanted to see his body. I'm 
never like that. We talked and he really seemed to be too good to 
be true. He was intelligent, witty and not pushy. I almost let 
him walk out of the store, and then something came over me. I 
decided that if I could get this guy to come home with me I 
would. I kept hearing your voice in the back of my head telling 
me that you wouldn't mind, and it would turn you on. I was 
shocked when he agreed to come over for some wine. You look like 
you really enjoy hearing this."

     Dax stood up, unzipped his trousers and displayed his 
immense cock. She had never seen it this big. It's head was 
swollen and shiny. It looked like a huge tower. Dax said, "this 
should tell you how I feel about it." She went on to explain, in 
detail, what occurred as Dax stroked his cock. Mary became so 
horny telling Dax about it, that she put her hand between her 
legs, pressed against her clit and swayed back and forth as she 
finished the story. Dax reminded her that he thought it was 
wonderful that she was able to have this new experience and 
encouraged her to feel free to express herself in the future. 
Both rose and moved toward one another in the dining room. They 
fell into each others arms and joined in a deep kiss. Dax's hands 
were all over Mary. She began pumping against his leg as he 
continued to whisper sexy things in her ear about the man she had 
made love with. They decided that they would go into bed.

     As they reached the bed, Mary crawled up pulling Dax after 
her. As her head hit the pillow, Dax snapped his fingers twice. 
Mary's smile began to fade and her eyes closed, as she seemed to 
melt into the bed. She became completely relaxed and fell into a 
deep sleep. Dax did what he could to make her more comfortable. 
He adjusted the pillow, straightened her legs and told her that 
she would fall deeper asleep than she ever had. She was again 
ready to accept any suggestions that Dax would offer.

     "When you awaken, I will be out of town again. You will 
begin to feel very sexy and horny. You will masturbate and enjoy 
a beautiful climax, but it won't seem to be enough. You will want 
to fill your love hole with a thick, long, glistening penis. All 
you will be able to think of is this long cock. You can almost 
taste it now. You will want to hold someone's heavy, hairy balls 
in your hand. You will feel your swollen nipples tingle in 
anticipation. Your breasts and buttocks will long to be held. You 
are beginning to feel the need increase now. 

     After you masturbate, you will dress in a sexy outfit and go 
out to a single's bar to see if there is anyone there who 
interests you. When you enter, I will be there but you will not 
be able to see me. You will not notice me in any way. You will 
then sit at the bar by yourself and order a glass of wine. 
Several men may come up to you, but you will all but ignore them. 
If they ask you any questions, you will coldly tell them that you 
are waiting for a friend. If a man comes up to you and you hear 
the words 'Green Ribbon,' you will become interested in this man. 
He will be very similar in appearance to the man that you met in 
the grocery store. You will not want this man to get away. You 
will want to get to know him better. If you hear the word 
'Catastrophe," you will explain to the stranger that although you 
think he is nice, you are a married woman and must get home. If 
you are comfortable with this man, you will feel free to invite 
him to your house for 
drinks. If everything feels right and you decide to make love, 
you will do so in the bedroom." Dax was sure that in this 
fashion, he could protect her from unwholesome types, someone who 
would turn sour during their conversation and direct her in terms 
of who she would be leaving with. The entire time that Mary spent 
in the trance state, Dax's cock was hard and anxious to spill. He 
controlled it, because he wanted to remain hot to see what the 
rest of the evening held. He told Mary to remain in the trance 
state until he woke her.

     Dax went to the basement and disconnected the cable from the 
cable service and reconnected it to a VCR in the recreation room. 
He then connected the wire from the TV to a video camera that sat 
on top of a high dresser. After a little adjusting of the camera, 
her returned to the basement to see that he would have a 
ring-side seat for anything that would occur in the bedroom. Dax 
returned to the bedroom to awaken Mary. She slowly became 
conscious. Dax sad in the chair in the corner of the room and 
watched. 

     Mary began to squirm on the bed. Her hands went under her 
shirt and grabbed her bra-less breasts. She began to shake them 
and pinch at the nipples. Soon she removed it utterly and 
continued to deeply massage her breasts. This was something that 
Dax rarely saw. She slipped her hand into her pants as her head 
bent back into the pillow. Shortly, in one motion, Mary slipped 
her thumbs into the waistband of her sweats and slid them and her 
panties down her hips and off. Her hand went immediately to her 
slit and began rubbing her clit furiously. Breasts bouncing and 
hand gyrating in her quim, Mary convulsed into marvelous orgasm. 
Her eyes squeezed tightly shut, and her mouth opened, gasping for 
air.

     Dax was forced to spill his cream as he watched Mary 
masturbate. He continued to stroke his weapon as he watched Mary 
get up from the bed and move toward the shower. He could never 
get enough of the sight of her lovely buttocks as they rolled 
with each step. Dax wished that the whole world could see and 
appreciate this beautiful view. Mary pinned up her long brown 
hair and stepped into the shower.

     Good use of the time was made by Dax as he waited for Mary 
to dress. He prepared himself in the main bath room and double 
checked the video equipment. He could feel himself begin to 
shiver as he saw Mary walk across the bed room while she dressed. 
Preparations having been made, Dax went out to his car, pulled it 
down the street and waited for Mary to exit the house. He didn't 
have to wait long, as soon he saw Mary's car pulling out of the 
driveway and heading down the street. He was directly behind her. 
She drove down the major highway for about four miles and turned 
into a local single's lounge. He crawled slowly into the lot and 
turned out his lights. Dax watcher her confidently walk from the 
car to the lounge. He had never remembered her holding her head 
so self-confidently.

     As she disappeared inside the lounge, Dax exited his car and 
followed her. When he entered, he saw her sitting at the bar. She 
looked great and already Dax observed a few of the men looking 
her over. He took a position about three stools away from hers 
and ordered a drink. There was no one in the bar that he 
recognized. He had a little concern about that previous to 
entering the place as he lived so closely. Soon one of the 
patrons sauntered over to her and asked her something. Dax 
couldn't quite hear what is was. She turned to him and said 
something, and he returned to his seat. This happened on two 
other occasions with the same result. Suddenly, a rather tall, 
nice looking man in his mid-thirties walked into the lounge and 
his eyes traveled over the bar. When he saw Mary, his eyes seemed 
to light up. He began walking in the direction of her bar stool. 
He sat directly next to Mary but said nothing. Dax did feel 
comfortable with this man. He felt confident that Mary would 
enjoy him.

     "Green ribbon," issued from Dax's lips. Mary seemed to relax 
when she heard these words and crossed her shapely legs. Soon the 
man next to her said something to her, and Dax observed her turn 
toward the man and acknowledge him followed by a bit of a 
chuckle. Dax began to get excited. It wasn't long before he 
noticed the man getting up to pull Mary's chair out. They walked 
together toward the dance floor and glided into each other's 
arms. It was a slow dance and Mary's body was pressed against 
this stranger. Dax's excitement continued to grow as he saw the 
man's hand periodically dip down and touch Mary's buttocks. He 
wondered what must have been going through the stranger's mind as 
Mary's lovely tits were pressed against his chest. They danced 
closer and closer as the minutes went by. Finally, they returned 
to the bar and ordered another drink. Dax followed their lead and 
ordered another.

     Dax watched them dance two times more and felt that this 
would be a hot experience for all three of them. He wondered what 
they must be talking about. Once again the stranger and Mary 
began to get up. This time it was not to dance but rather to 
leave. The stranger held Mary's coat while she slipped into it, 
and Dax watched as the stranger's hands lingered on the lapels as 
they covered Mary's ample breasts. Out the door they went 
followed by Dax. Dax got to his car first, as his was closer to 
the door. He was torn between sitting to see if they would neck 
in the car or rushing home to prepare himself for the show he 
hoped to have. He elected the latter and sped out of the parking 
lot toward home.

     As soon as Dax reached home, he parked the car and slipped 
into the house. Down the stairs he went and locked the door to 
the recreation room. He turned on the VCR and the monitor and 
again began to shake with anticipation. The moments seemed to be 
hours. He sat with frustration creeping into his bones when 
suddenly he heard a car in the drive. Mary and the stranger 
wasted no time in getting into the house. Dax could faintly hear 
the sounds of glasses and a wine cork being extracted with a pop. 
He sat and watched with anticipation. Nothing appeared on the 
monitor. He wished that he had the foresight to set one up in the 
living room.

     When Dax was just about to think that nothing would happen, 
he saw Mary enter the bedroom. She walked over to the clothes 
tree and immediately removed her outfit. Dax's heart jumped as he 
saw her shed her bra and panties. She reached into a drawer of 
the dresser and removed a little lavender teddy with matching 
panties. His cock jumped to attention as he watched her pull the 
panties up over the balls of her buttocks and slide the teddy 
over her head. She smoothed her hair, ran a comb through it and 
admired herself in the mirror. This also excited Dax. She was 
primping. He had never really seen this side of her. He felt like 
a voyeur, and he loved it. Soon Mary exited the room.

     Dax sat impatiently waiting for Mary and the stranger to 
return to the bedroom. It wasn't long. Now he could hear them. 
The stranger's name was Marty, and he followed Mary over to the 
area of the bed. Dax switched on the VCR. Their hands were all 
over one another. Mary's hands dropped to Marty's trousers and 
began working on the zipper. Suddenly, she dropped to her knees, 
and Dax could see her free Marty's huge cock. Immediately, she 
opened her mouth and engulfed his straining penis. Dax almost 
came in his pants. He took his own cock out and began to stroke 
it in long slow movements. He could see his wife's lips cover 
this huge cock. Dax wondered if this is how it looked when she 
sucked his manhood. Mary helped Marty as he shed the rest of his 
clothes. Marty's cock jumped up and down as he moved over the a 
chair to set his clothes down. Dax could see Marty's heavy balls 
bouncing with his large penis stretching heavenward. Mary's hands 
returned to his balls and her mouth to the head of his cock.

     Mary pulled Marty over to the bed and they collapsed in one 
another's arms. Only moments went by and Mary's teddy and panties 
were tossed to the floor. Her hands clawed Marty's tight buttocks 
and continued to return to his thick member. Dax went wild as he 
watched Marty cup the cheeks of Mary's tight ass cheeks and 
squeeze them. Marty's hand dipped into the warm moist cleft 
between Mary's buttocks and down to her hot hole. The stranger's 
head searched for and found her beautiful nipples and began to 
suck hard. Dax could hear Mary say, "fuck me, I need fucked, I 
need fucked now Marty. Put your big cock in my slippery pussey 
and fuck my brains out. Yes that's it, bite my nipples as you 
drive that big bone in my hot cunt hole." Dax was going wild. He 
couldn't take it. His cock began to erupt in huge gobs of jism 
into the palm of his hand. He continued to stoke his cock as her 
heard the lovely horny screams of Mary and Marty's deep grunts as 
they collapsed together on the bed. What a great climax! The next 
was sure to be better.

     The next thing that Dax wanted to orchestrate was being in 
the room and participating in Mary's next adventure. But surely 
that should be a story in itself.

P.S. If you enjoy the concept of hypnosis in the bedroom, feel 
free to leave email for DAX MAN on Rusty and Edie's BBS.
                                                                                                                          #

                 HYPNOSEX - THE CONTINUING STORY

     It was a quiet evening in the den as Dax heard the clock 
strike seven. Has hands moved effortlessly over the keyboard of 
the computer, writing a letter to a computer friend in Baltimore. 
The letter had served the purpose of turning him on as he shared 
come rather sensual thoughts. Mary was washing her hair, and 
music was playing softly on the compact disc player.

     Having finished his thoughts, his mind turned to the sight 
of Marty's long wet shaft driving in Mary's dripping love tunnel. 
That had to be one of the hottest times he had ever experienced. 
It was the first time that Mary had ever had a strange cock 
inside her body. Dax closed his eyes and remembered the sight of 
Marty's hands on her well rounded buttocks. He could see his lips 
on Mary's nipples; his teeth slightly and tenderly biting the 
rock-hard pink tips. Marty's huge hairy balls resting in Mary's 
hands. Her perfectly shaped lips spreading to admit the bulbous 
head of Marty's straining cock. The thought that drove him the 
wildest was when Mary was on her hands and knees. Tony came up 
behind her with cock in hand and slipped it into Mary's dripping 
cunt. Her lovely breasts were dangling and swaying. Tony reached 
around and filled his hands with tit flesh as he drove his thick 
rod deep inside Mary's hole. Dax almost had a climax just 
thinking about it. He had to create yet another memory and wasn't 
quite sure how he would do it.

     He had a good friend that always teased Mary about how 
lovely her body was. Tony often followed Mary through the house 
with his eyes when he came over. Mary seemed to enjoy Tony's eyes 
on her body. A few times when they were in close proximity, Dax 
had noticed that Tony had "accidentally" touched Mary. One time, 
when Tony was helping her lift a chair to move it, Dax was sure 
he noticed Tony's hands brush up against Mary's ample breasts and 
linger a little longer than was necessary. Yet another time, when 
they had gone fishing together, Tony came up behind Mary and 
seemed to press himself into her fanny to demonstrate how to cast 
the line. Mary didn't seem to pull away and if was obvious that 
Tony wanted his cock in her. From time to time their eyes would 
seemed locked in silent desire. Dax had even kidded Mary about 
how Tony would die to have his hands on her naked flesh. It was 
apparent that Mary had become excited at the prospect.

     He was somewhat concerned what Tony, or for that matter, 
Mary would think if he simply suggested that Tony fuck her. No. 
That just wouldn't do. He had to find another way. He wanted Tony 
to have the benefit of Mary's lovely body, but he didn't want 
Tony to know just yet. He and Tony had previously cavorted 
together. They had previously enjoyed the same woman or women 
together. How would it be if he told Tony that he found this 
great woman, she was a real fox and she fucked like a mink. Would 
Tony be interested in meeting her with Dax at a motel. It might 
work.

     Dax would have to shroud the evening in mystery. The lights 
would be subdued. Mary could even wear some kind of a fancy mask. 
If she wore her hair differently than she usually did, Tony would 
never suspect until it was too late that their lovely sex kitten 
was Mary. The decision was made. Dax was convinced that she was 
ready. He would hypnotize Mary and give her a post hypnotic 
suggestion that she was the most lovely sex slave in the world. 
She would assume the role of a high priced call girl. He would 
send her to the motel to check in and prepare for her two lovers. 
He and Tony would arrive and suck and fuck to their hearts 
content.

     Now the task was to prepare Tony. They sat at the downtown 
cafe that they usually frequented after work. Here they often met 
with and got to know several women. Dax asked Tony if he had 
recently got any new pussey. Tony indicated that it had been a 
couple of months, and he was ready to fuck a snake if Dax would 
hold it down. "Listen Tony, what would you say if I told you that 
I ran into this great lady. She is about 5'3", 115 pounds, light 
brown hair, lovely heavy titties, beautiful pink nipples, has a 
cute little waist, with an absolutely wonderful ass and a great 
set of legs. Now only that, but she wants to fuck both of us.

     "Get out of here. Where? Who do I have to kill?" Tony 
humorously inquired. Dax could see the interest in his sex-crazed 
buddy. Tony was a nice looking guy, and the thought of him 
enjoying Mary's goodies was beginning to drive him nuts.

     "I'm serious. I talked with this lady, she is about forty 
years old, and she said that she would love to take us both on. 
Does forty years old bother you," Dax asked.

     "Hell no. Many ladies don't even get good until they're 
about thirty or so. They have more experience for the most part. 
The best piece of ass I ever had was thirty-eight. I'm game. When 
do we meet this princess?" Tony panted.

     Dax informed Tony that he had tentatively set them up for 
Friday night at about eight o'clock. He further added that she 
would meet them at a motel. They were supposed to bring a bottle 
of wine and their cocks. Dax when on to say that she was a little 
shy and got a kick out of wearing masks and sexy clothes. Tony's 
eyes were bulging as he listened with lust. The trap was set.

     Thursday evening, as Dax was preparing for bed, he decided 
to put Mary into a trance and give her the necessary 
post-hypnotic suggestions. As always, he snapped his fingers 
twice, and Mary relaxed into a deep hypnotic sleep. He brought 
her deeper and deeper into her trance. He asked her several 
questions about previous orchestrated fantasies as his eight inch 
cock began to grow. He loved hearing from her lips how she had 
enjoyed the attentions of other lovers. He could see her breasts 
swell as she related her deepest feelings. The soft lips of her 
vagina filled with lust blood at the thought of her sexual 
escapades. He could see her beginning to rub her legs together as 
her excitement grew. Dax asked her if she would like to make love 
with two men. Mary responded by telling Dax how it would really 
excite her to have his cock in her mouth as a stranger filled her 
pussey with his long pole. 

     Dax directed Mary to clear her mind of all thoughts. He then 
advised her that on the following night at six o'clock she would 
become tired, go into the bed room and lay down on the bed. She 
would begin thinking of her previous adventures, become extremely 
aroused. She would close her eyes and again fall into a deep 
trance. She would sleep for about five minutes. When she awoke, 
she would walk over to the mirror and when she looked into the 
mirror, she would see the most attractive call girl in the world. 
Her only desire was to service her customers to the best of her 
ability. She would get cleaned up, go to the motel, obtain a room 
and await her customers. He further indicated that she would 
bring some very sexy clothes and a facial mask with her. She 
would wear the clothes and the mask. While she would feel free to 
remove the clothes at any time she chose, she would feel 
compelled to keep the mask on until she heard her name, Mary.

     When she heard her name, she would remove the mask and 
realize that her customers were Dax and Tony. She would not feel 
uncomfortable about this. She would remember everything and enjoy 
each experience of the night. She was asked if she understood 
everything and directed to repeat it. This she did without 
hesitation. The stage was set. Dax woke Mary up and found that 
she was extremely aroused. They enjoyed one another as they often 
did after such sessions.

     Friday morning found Dax with a huge erection. This was not 
uncommon, but he was unusually large this morning. His 
anticipation kept him hard most of the day. Tony called at about 
two o'clock in the afternoon to verify the night's arrangements. 
Dax assured him that everything was on for the Holiday Inn at 
eight o'clock. Tony indicated that he would meet Dax at the cafe 
at six.

     Dax didn't go home from work, but went directed to the cafe 
at about 5:30. He engaged in some small talk with some of the 
regulars, and Tony came bouncing in at about 5:45 rubbing his 
hands together. "Where is Mary tonight?" Tony asked.

     "Who knows. Maybe she's out finding her own piece of tail." 
Dax said with tongue in cheek. He could only imagine the look on 
Tony's face when he found out.

     "Yea, sure Dax. You'd just shit if Mary fucked around on 
you. Although, I have to admit, with a woman like that around the 
house, I don't have the foggiest notion of why you would ever 
stick your dick in anyone else," Tony commented.

     "I guess people are something like taste in candy bars Tony. 
Sometimes we feel like having a Milky Way, and every now and then 
you want some other kind. If all you ever ate was Milky Way, you 
would get tired of them. Have some other kind and the Milky Way 
is even better the next time. Your wife is a knock out, and you 
are going to suck and fuck someone else. Why is that?" Dax 
inquired.

     "I see what you mean. I never quite looked at it that way 
before. The way you described this woman has really got me 
interested. What else can you tell me about her?" Tony quizzed.

     "I told you quite a bit. She is about forty years old, great 
body, sexy way about her, gives great head and really enjoys 
cumming. You will love it when you shoot your wad in this angel. 
She will scream and cum in gushes," Dax assured him. They 
finished a few more drinks and ordered a couple of bottles of 
wine to go. Tony was visibly ready to fuck. He sat there 
anxiously looking at his watch. It was time for them to move over 
to the Holiday Inn. Dax told Tony to follow him, and they were on 
their way.

     As they approached the room, Tony was almost shaking as he 
thought about lovely undulating breasts with juicy pink nipples. 
Dax wanted to shake but didn't want to give anything away. He 
kept himself very calm and collected. Soon they stood in front of 
the door and looked at each other. Dax said, "what are you 
waiting for Tony, knock on the door." Tony tapped lightly and 
heard from within a request to come in.

     The door was unlocked. They entered quietly noting that the 
only light on was a dim light just inside the door. The voice 
that they heard was a husky whisper. "Come in gentlemen; make 
yourselves as home. I hope it's not too dark in here for you, but 
I like it subdued. There are glasses in the foyer. Fix us a glass 
of wine and get your asses over here. Both men were periodically 
shivering with excitement, thinking about the mystery of it all.

     Tony poured the wine into three glasses on a tray while Dax 
approached the bed. There she was. She graced the bed in the most 
seductive fashion. Lying across the open sheets, Mary was dressed 
in a lace black teddy with built in wire bra holding her lovely 
breasts up for inspection, garter belt, black stockings and spike 
heels. Adorning the upper portion of her face was a black cat 
mask with red feathers framing her face. Hot. Very hot was all 
Dax could think. His cock was rock-hard. This was his wife. He 
had never seen this outfit before and continued to become even 
more aroused. "Hello Janie. Have you been waiting long?" Dax 
asked.

     "Too long. Now get over here and warm me up muther fucker. I 
need some of that glorious cock," she demanded in her throaty 
manner. Dax immediately melted onto the bed. Tony almost felt as 
though he were being left out until Dax introduced them. Tony 
told "Janie" that he was enchanted and began to remove his shirt. 
Dax was kissing Mary and noticed how Tony riveted his eyes on her 
body as he continued to undress. Dax indicated that they both had 
an unfair advantage as he still had all of his clothes on.

     Mary said, "listen Dax, you and I have been around the 
corner before. Why don't you have a glass of wine while Tony and 
I get to know one another a little better." Dax's blood began to 
boil. He anxiously awaited the moment when they would first 
touch. Tony was no prude and had stripped all of his clothes and 
left them where they fell. He was hotter than a firecracker. The 
electric moment came. Tony, who had so often wanted to touch Mary 
was now touching her and had no idea who she was. He began very 
gently by touching his lips to Mary's. 

     Soon their tongues touched and the kiss became more 
passionate. Dax watched as Tony's experienced hands began 
searching for the hooks to her garment. It soon fell aside. Her 
breasts fell into the subdued light much to Dax's excitement. 
Tony momentarily pulled back from Mary to gaze at her gorgeous 
mounds. They were perfect in every way. They rolled gently from 
side to side with Tony's advances. Her now hard nipples brushed 
against the hair on his chest. He reached up to cup one of the 
beautiful globes and pinch a nipple as he maintained his assault 
with his tongue in her mouth. Dax had everything to do to keep 
himself from cumming in his pants as he heard Mary begin to moan 
as he had never heard her moan before.

     Tony released the snaps between Mary legs that held the 
bottom of the teddy in place. It was cast aside, and Dax watched 
as Tony's hand dipped down into Mary's soft pussey curls with one 
hand as his other hand filled itself with pliant ass flesh. Dax 
had removed his clothing and was slowly stroking his thickening 
shaft. He had to be careful as he could cum at any moment with 
such a hot scene in front of him. Dax watched as Tony's lips 
began sucking harder on Mary's pert nipples. Her moans increased 
in intensity, and she started rubbing her clit against Tony. 
Mary's lover touched his lips to her belly and continued trailing 
down to her fragrant muff. Mary moved around on top of Tony to 
accommodate a position of 69 and lifted Tony's towering shaft 
into her mouth. She took this love organ deep inside her mouth 
and began to suck slowly.

     Dax's excitement continued to grow as he saw the globes of 
Mary's ass come into view and Tony's hands surround them. Dax 
moved toward the bed stroking his gigantic member. He reached 
down and felt the weight of one of Mary's heavy breasts as his 
hand moved up and down the length of his cock. Mary reached 
around and drew Dax over to her. She released Tony's cock and 
replaced it with Dax's. Just when Tony was about to feel as if he 
had been abandoned, Mary switched to suck his tool again. Back 
and forth she went bringing bliss to both men. Soon, both men 
felt Mary begin to change positions. They released their 
respective grips as Mary got on her knees, waving her fanny in 
the air. 

     "Tony, I want your thick bone in my hole now," she said. 
Tony quickly agreed and moved into position for a rear approach. 
He looked at the twin globes seemingly suspended in air and could 
smell the fragrant odor of her dripping love tunnel. Tony guided 
his now huge cock to the entrance to her gaping hair covered 
hole. His could see the soft pink lips pouting out, waiting for 
his organ. As the large mushroom-shaped head of his cock 
approached Mary's slick quim, Dax watched in rapture stroking his 
own monster. Tony's bone came closer and closer. Dax moved around 
in front of Mary and offered his penis to her mouth. As Mary's 
lips started to engulf Dax's cock, a deep moan escaped Mary's 
lips and deep hot breath caressed Dax's cock. Tony's penis was 
beginning to spread the lips of Mary's pussey. Slick with Mary's 
emissions, Tony entered her effortlessly. Deeper and deeper his 
cock traveled until his hairy balls were pressed tightly against 
Mary's asshole. She could feel his balls bouncing softly on her 
fanny as he pushed harder against her quim.

     Mary began to suck deeply on Dax's cock as Tony began 
pumping slowly. As he withdrew his cock from Mary's dripping 
cunt, Tony noticed how his thick shaft was glistening with her 
juices. Again he pressed forward and felt Mary press her ass 
harder against his bone. She continued to suck on Dax's cock as 
she hollered to Tony, "Fuck that cunt hole muther fucker. Fuck it 
harder. Deeper. Now." Her mouth continued to draw deeply on Dax's 
cock. Tony was stroking wildly now. In and out. Deeper and 
deeper. He twisted his hips as he drove forward and upward. He 
rotated his long tool inside of Mary's hot cunt as he reached 
forward and grasped one of her taunt nipples. 

     Dax drove his cock into his wife's mouth and reached for her 
other breast. The three of them continued to pound at one another 
until Mary felt a new tightness in Tony's cock. He was going to 
go off. She reached between her legs and began to massage Tony's 
swaying balls. He drove once deep and hard as his hands grasped 
Mary's tightening buttocks. Mary could feel the thick gobs of cum 
shoot deep into her fuck hole. As Dax watched Mary's mouth slide 
up and down his cock, he noticed her eyes, through her mask, roll 
up into her head. At this point he knew she was cumming. Dax's 
rod began to convulse as his cream crept up and out of the head 
of his swollen member. Over and over again he felt gobs of jism 
squirt into Mary's mount. She was now grunting deeply; trying to 
get the most of her spasming hole. Tony, Mary and Dax fell to the 
bed. They were all panting and somewhat out of breath. Dax heard 
Tony say that he had never had such a nut as this. No one moved 
for about fifteen minutes.

     Suddenly, Mary got up from the bed and moved toward the rest 
room. Tony looked at Dax under half closed eyelids and asked him,
"where in the hell did you find this gorgeous animal?" Dax merely 
smiled in response. Mary returned after refreshing herself and 
poured three more glasses of wine, handing one to each of her 
lovers.

     She pulled a side chair over to the bed and sat opposite 
them. Tony said, "listen lovely lady, I would sure feel better if 
you told me that this would happen again one day."

     Dax tapped Tony on the shoulder and said, "  'MARY' won't 
mind, will you honey?" Mary removed the mask in one quick motion.

     "No Dax, I don't think I would mind, if you and Tony 
wouldn't mind. I thought it was kind of fun, don't you think so 
honey?"

     It took a full minute for all of this to register to Tony. 
He was incredulous and had no idea what to say. Dax told him, 
"don't try to understand right now Tony. Well will explain it to 
you later. Just put your eyes back in your head, remember how 
great it was and put your pants on."

                                        THE END.

P.S. I hope that you enjoyed this addition to the Hypnosex 
Series. If you have and would like to find out more about it, 
feel free to download "HYPNOSEX.ZIP" in the Titillating Text 
Section of Rusty & Edie's BBS. I would also like to receive your 
comments via EMAIL.     DAX MAN.
                                                                    #


               HYPNOSEX - THE CONTINUING ADVENTURE

     Would his mind ever quit gravitating to thoughts of 
gut-twisting climaxes, beautiful bodies and the dizzying aroma of 
sex. Dax sat thinking of the excitement associated with some of 
his recent adventures with hypnosis and sex. He had used hypnosis 
on his lovely wife Mary on several occasions in scenarios ranging 
from a massage by a hunk of a man to actually fucking he and a 
friend at the same time. Their sex had never been so good. He 
wasn't sure whether Mary would ever have broken fear's icy grip 
had he not used hypnosis, but he was glad that she did. Now she 
was free to experiment with her own sexuality without concern for 
traditional guilt or jealousy.

     Dax did have to deal with his own guilt however. He 
developed the usual arguments about allowing his wife to be 
promiscuous. They included reputation, children, jealousy and 
relationship. He felt quite confident that, as long as they were 
discrete, neither his nor Mary's reputation would suffer. Their 
children were all but grown now. Both daughters were away at 
college. On the topic of jealousy, they had seen too many of 
their friends break up or divorce because they were jealous of 
another person. He was confident that no man or woman could 
challenge their emotional commitments. If that were possible, 
they shouldn't be together in the first place. 

     Before Dax ever committed to involve himself in the 
lifestyle of sexual freedom, he searched his heart. If Mary never 
had a sexy thought about another man, she probably wouldn't be 
normal. Should he allow himself to be jealous of that? Did he 
want Mary to become enraged if he wanted another woman? Virtually 
every man he knew strayed from time to time. When it was done 
with deception it was always negative and sometimes resulted in 
broken relationships. Had they not been broad-minded enough, he 
was sure that they would have lost one another long ago. It would 
have been a terrible waste, because in all other matters they 
were the best of friends and excellent partners in life. Guilt 
and jealous, as a result, were not valid issues. Their life had 
been vastly enhanced with no danger of deception ruining their 
relationship. 

     Dax's mind began to work on sharing these principals with 
others with two motives in mind. The first motive was, quite 
naturally, to locate other individuals that turned him on. The 
next was to promote the use of hypnosis in sex and the lifestyle 
of sexual freedom. The day didn't go by that he didn't sign on to 
the computer bulletin board service. They had a great x-rated 
section that permitted him to chat with others about sex 
anonymously. Obviously, most of the people that he chatted with 
were women. They would share their sexual fantasies with him and 
he with them. 

     Dax had also left public messages on the system suggesting 
that if anyone cared to discuss a swinging lifestyle or hypnosis 
in the bed room that they should feel free to contact him. One 
day after logging on to the system, he heard his computer beep. 
This was accompanied by a message indicating that Don wanted to 
chat with him. Dax responded to the page and welcomed the caller. 
Don, a computer communicator from Western Illinois, inquired 
whether or not Dax was serious about the use of hypnosis in the 
bed room. Dax indicated that he was and explained some of the 
uses of hypnosis to improve sexual relationships. 

     Excitement was evident in Don's responses. Dax asked whether 
Don and his lady had ever experimented with other persons outside 
of their relationship. Don indicated that he had not, but would 
not be opposed if Donna would consent. He went on to say that she 
would likely not be interested, but that he would discuss the 
topic with her. Dax suggested that Don allow Donna to read one of 
the stories that he wrote on the topic. If she demonstrated any 
interest, they could pursue the matter further. Don thanked Dax 
for his information, indicated that the conversation had really 
turned him on and assured Dax that he would get back to him.

     A few days went by and Dax heard nothing further from Don. 
Then one day as Dax was jumping around the bulletin board system 
he was again paged. He responded to the page and found Don 
waiting to continue the previous conversation. Don indicated that 
he had offered Dax's article to Donna and that she had found it 
very interesting. Additionally he and Donna had discussed the 
topic of "hypnosex" at length, became very aroused at the many 
doors that this would open for them and fucked each other's 
brains out afterward. Dax got a smile on his face as his mind 
turned to moments gone by. He had similar experiences and could 
identify with the other couple.

     Don asked Dax if he would ever be willing to travel to 
Illinois to put on a demonstration of hypnosis. As he heard this 
request, he could feel the warmth begin to develop in his pants. 
Dax's cock began to grow thinking about the prospect of teaching 
yet others to reach the heights that he and Mary did. He 
indicated that it was possible that he could take a long weekend 
and visit with them. Dax also told Don that there would be no 
obligation to continue to pursue such avenues if after they met 
him they did not feel comfortable. Don told Dax that he would 
leave some electronic mail for him explaining how to reach Don's 
house and other incidentals. They bid each other good bye and 
signed off the system.

     Dax was an accomplished hypnotist. He had been using 
hypnosis clinically for years helping police departments 
interview witnesses for recall of events. He had never had the 
occasion to use hypnosis on anyone other than Mary for purposes 
of improved sex. This was indeed exciting. He would be able to 
teach Donna how to improve and intensify her climaxes. He would 
be able to teach her mind how to fly to a secluded beach with her 
lover, shape her lover into any person she wanted and have the 
best sex she had ever known. Don would also benefit by the same 
abilities. He could stay harder longer, turn Donna into anyone he 
wanted to, be more responsive to his partner's needs and 
generally enjoy all of his adventures much better. His cock was 
hard just thinking of all of the possibilities.

     The date was set. Dax had arranged for an extended weekend. 
He would go to Chicago to attend a trade show for his business 
and then scurry over to Western Illinois. As he drove, his 
thoughts turned to his own sexuality and many of the experiences 
he had over the years. He was getting a little older, but was 
pleased that he had stayed in shape. As he hit the Indiana line a 
smile appeared on his face. He was remembering several of his 
friends and his children teasing him about how much he resembled 
Indiana Jones. It wasn't only his appearance; he even acted like 
him from time to time. The road continued to disappear under the 
hood of his car as his mind turned to many of the hot times he 
had experienced.

     His Chicago trip was basically routine. He pulled out of the 
Holiday Inn Merchandise Mart and began moving westward. He 
snapped in a cassette that responded with soft tunes designed to 
invite thought. Invite it they did. Dax's mind again returned to 
visions of previous hot moments; Mary's unbridled excitement the 
first time she thought she was being touched by another man. Of 
course this was Dax, but Mary's mind and body reacted as if it 
were another man. New hands on her heavy breasts, a strange penis 
poised at the lips of her quivering pussy, a sharp, warm tongue 
pressed against her tight buttocks were the moments that traveled 
through Dax's mind. He was becoming so rigid that he thought his 
zipper would burst. Then there was the time that Mary had 
actually touched another man for the first time. Dax could see 
this as sure as if it were happening here, in the car, before his 
very eyes. The miles clicked by on the odometer as visions of 
hot, sweet encounters danced through his memory.

     The message and directions that Dax had received from Don 
suggested that they meet at the lounge of a local hotel at eight 
in the evening. Dax didn't have a problem with that. These people 
didn't know him and would obviously be skeptical. What if Dax 
were a gargoyle type with warts on his nose and rolls of fat 
hanging from a copious frame? It was only prudent for them to 
want to meet Dax in a neutral location so they could excuse 
themselves if they were uncomfortable with him. Dax checked into 
the hotel, got settled, cleaned up and headed for the restaurant 
to get a bite to eat.

     Dining alone was an interesting experience. You don't 
usually get bogged down in a conversation that distracts you, so 
you can often analyze people a little better. You eat at your 
leisure, scan the room for interesting people, and enjoy an 
uncommon solace. Dax was convinced that his libido was in rare 
form as his eyes locked on to a waitress with an usually 
great-looking ass. As she moved across the room her buttocks 
rolled with such grace that Dax could feel himself stiffen. Her 
uniform was cut in such a way that her small but well-shaped 
breasts danced nicely. He memorized her curves and her pretty 
face so that he might use autohypnosis at a later date to make 
love with her.

     Dinner being history, Dax lit a cigarette and sipped on his 
after-dinner drink. He continued to evaluate the inhabitants of 
the room. Now wouldn't it be great if that couple sitting at the 
table next to the aquarium were Don and Donna. The lady had 
beautiful brown hair, sparkling brown eyes, about 5'5" tall, with 
a very lovely shape. She appeared to be blessed with full breasts 
that seemed to be about a 34 C. She had the loveliest smile and 
winning manner. They were enjoying their dinner and one another. 
Dax was incredulous when he thought about all of the couples that 
seemed to be in competition with one another as opposed to being 
partners and friends. This couple seemed to be the type that 
would not let jealousy get in the way of their friendship. Dax 
could see their genuine laughter tickle through the room from 
time to time. They looked at one another with respect, and Dax 
liked that.

     Dax paid the check and got up from the table. As he began 
walking away from the table his foot caught one leg of the chair 
next to him and over it went. Nothing like being embarrassed to 
tears as the room came to a silent halt. Putting on his red face, 
he smiled at the couple next to the aquarium and exited the room. 
The lounge, called "The Hound," was an interesting place. It 
resembled a victorian scene. There were old British gas lights 
throughout the room providing the only lighting. The floor was 
made to resemble cobblestones, and there was piped in hansom cab 
and other street sounds. He expected Sherlock Holmes and Dr. 
Watson to come through the door at any minute. He walked over to 
a rough hewn table and pulled out one of the heavy wooden chairs 
to sit down.

     This decor was wonderful. The walls were graced with two 
mounted deer heads and one huge moose head. In another corner was 
a suit of armor complete with shield and sword. Old pottery and 
pewter tableware accented the room. While glancing around the 
room, he was startled by someone standing next to him. He gave a 
slight jump in response to Bridgit's request to assist him. What 
a great looking waitress. She was dressed in the costume of an 
english barmaid. He bodice was very low cut and her cleavage 
seemed to speak to him. He had difficulty removing his eyes from 
her breasts to answer her. When he finally did look up he saw 
that Bridgit was also possessed of an absolutely beautiful face 
with slightly overlapping front teeth. She smiled and again 
requested his order handing him what appeared to be a british 
five pound note. She also told him that the specials were on the 
reverse of what appeared to be english currency. He ordered a 
tall rum and coke.

     As Bridgit walked away, Dax's eyes were glued to her lovely 
buttocks as they swayed playfully toward the bar. He watcher her 
as she placed the drink on a tray and returned to his table. As 
she bent over to set a napkin in front of him Dax's eyes were 
again treated to a cock-wrenching view of her ample breasts. Once 
again she bent over and placed his drink in front of him. Dax 
said, "Good god almighty, if you continue to serve drinks to me 
like that, I'll be ordering one every minute."

     Bridgit grinned at him and told him that it was early and 
that it would be best if he paced himself. "Only if you promise 
that one day before I die you will fall passionately in love with 
me and let me drink a small cup of your bath water," Dax teased.

     The lovely waitress again chuckled and bounced away from the 
table. Dax was enamored by Bridgit to say the least. She made him 
want to ask the one about, what's a nice girl like you etc. Dax 
was thinking that it was rather slow in the lounge as he heard 
the sound of what appeared to be Big Ben sounding seven o'clock. 
Just another hour to kill, thought Dax. He wanted to gulp his 
drink just so Bridgit would return with another. Ten minutes went 
by, and he could feel the lovely waitress sneaking peeks at him 
from time to time. He wasn't peeking; he was staring, and Bridgit 
didn't seem to mind.

     She returned to his table and asked if there was anything 
that she could do for him. She quickly caught what she had said 
and stumbled with the words, "well you know what I mean."

     "Unfortunately, young lady, I do. However, I would like 
another drink if you wouldn't mind," Dax responded. She again 
smiled and danced off to acquire another rum and coke. She 
returned more quickly this time as the bartender wasn't very 
busy. Once again her lovely globes bounced in front of Dax's 
eyes. This time he was not quite so obvious in his appreciation. 
He thought it would be better to be cool and collected and not 
seem too anxious. 

     Bridgit stood and talked with him for a while about the 
obvious interests before she was called away to another table. 
Dax had learned that she was twenty-nine years of age. She had a 
four year old daughter. She had returned to school in an effort 
to get her degree in computer science, and she had only been 
working here for about three days. Bridgit had recently broken up 
with her boyfriend, but she really didn't care to discuss that in 
any detail. Dax felt comfortable that she had some interest in 
him. He indicated that he was married and filled her in on the 
other usual details.

     Dax's lovely waitress returned several times and offered him 
a smile every time their glance met. At about 7:50 the couple 
that was sitting next to the aquarium in the restaurant walked 
into the lounge. They glanced at Dax, and his discomfort returned 
about almost falling on his ass in front of them. They selected a 
table three tables over from Dax and were seated. Bridgit was 
soon there to take their orders. Again they demonstrated their 
mutual excitement and interest. Things began to perk up a little. 
Two other couples entered and were seated. Several single men and 
women came in and gravitated to the bar. When the music began to 
play the atmosphere was somewhat changed. No longer did Dax feel 
as though he were trapped in a time warp. He was a little 
saddened at the loss of the victorian era.

     Now the hard part came. There were several couples in the 
lounge and many singles. How in the hell would Dax be able to 
determine who Don and Donna were? His eyes traveled the room, 
hoping that someone would offer some signal. One of the new 
couples who had entered seemed to be making more than usual eye 
contact with Dax. He got up from his chair and went over to their 
table. He approached the man and asked if his name was Don. "No, 
I'm sorry, you got the wrong guy," responded the man. Christ, did 
he ever feel like an ass hole. Why couldn't he have agreed on a 
signal that they could use? He excused himself and returned to 
his table. No sooner did he get re-seated, the man from 
restaurant aquarium approached him. "You look as if you could be 
Dax," he said.

     "You have to think me a real klutz," Dax smiled as he rose 
to shake Don's hand.

     "Oh, you mean the chair in the dining room. No, don't worry 
about it. I slipped on my ass getting out of the car to come in 
here. There wasn't anyone around so I didn't feel so bad. Why 
don't you come over and join us," said Don.

     Dax gathered up his glass and followed Don over to his 
table. He was very pleasantly surprised that this was the couple 
that he would get to know. Donna was even lovelier up close. She 
had such a pleasant voice and demure handshake. Dax enjoyed the 
way she continued to hold his hand while they were being 
introduced.

     "Can you really accomplish all of the wonderful things that 
I read about through hypnosis Dax?" inquired Donna.

     "I hesitate saying 'yes' without reservation. You can do 
many things and do them quickly if you are a good subject. If you 
are not what is referred to as a somnambulist, it may take 
practice and the necessary time would be increase," offered Dax.

     Don asked, "how do you determine whether or not someone is a 
good subject?"

     Dax explained, "it is often a matter of trial and error. 
Some methods work better with one person than another. One thing 
is for sure, each of us can experience hypnosis to one degree or 
another. Your sexual experiences can always be improved. If you 
feel comfortable, after we finish our drinks, we can go to the 
room or to your place and experiment. If you become 
uncomfortable, we can stop and return for a leisurely chat."

     Don and Donna looked at one another, smiled and agreed to 
give it a shot. They indicated that they would feel more 
comfortable if they were to go to Dax's room. He assured them 
that it was fine with him, that he would pay his tab and see them 
in room 338 as soon as they were ready.

     Dax walked up to Bridgit, tapped her on the shoulder and 
asked for his bill. She seemed a little disappointed that he was 
leaving. He told her that he had a meeting and may be able to 
return later. She didn't respond; she merely smiled. Dax turned 
to walk away when he heard her say, "I hope you can make it back. 
We're open till 2:30." Dax smiled and exited the lounge.

     As he walked toward the room, he felt a shiver of excitement 
run through him. He hoped that both of the subjects would be deep 
trance subjects. He would interview them about what they hope to 
accomplish when they got to the room.

     It didn't take long for Dax to hear a knock at the door. He 
quickly opened the door and was faced with a couple that had a 
look on their face as if they were at the door of a house party. 
Dax immediately asked them for their coats and secured them. 
"Come in and make yourselves comfortable. I'm sorry I can't offer 
you anything to drink right now. After we talk for a little while 
we can have a cocktail or some wine.

     The interview proved interesting and gave him a good idea of 
what the couple hoped to accomplish. Donna indicated that she was 
very nervous, but added that she was raised to believe that it 
was sinful to wander from one's intended or chosen partner. Don 
was surprised to hear her say that she had had thoughts about 
other men just as any other woman would. She indicated that she 
would likely not want fear or jealousy to threaten her 
relationship. 

     Dax was able to determine that her orgasms were generally 
standard, and she was in good physical and psychological health. 
She thought that it would be great to be able to fantasize about 
making love in another, more adventurous time. She wanted to be a 
girl on the Spanish Gold Coast who had been kidnaped by pirates 
aboard a frigate and rescued by a dashing swashbuckler who looked 
very much like Richard Gear. She thought that he was one of the 
most sexy men she had ever seen.

     Don was then interviewed, and Dax was satisfied that he too 
was sound and had normal fantasies. All of this excited Dax. He 
was happy that he had established a rapport with this lovely 
couple. Dax then said, "let's now get down to business. Donna, I 
am first going to show you how to relax so you can enjoy the 
experience." He moved a chair away from the table and placed it 
facing a blind corner of the room. Donna was instructed to sit in 
the chair and focus on a point on the wall. Dax began speaking to 
Donna and showed her how to relax more completely. Soon it was 
apparent to Dax that Donna would be a good subject. He put her 
into a light trance and continued to speak to her. Deeper and 
deeper she went. Soon she was very deeply asleep.

     Dax instructed her to remain in a deep trance and not to 
awaken until she was told to wake up. Don was simply amazed as he 
asked, "do you mean to tell me that she is completed hypnotized?" 
Dax assured him that she was. He went on to explain that he would 
do a few experiments to better illustrate what was happening. Dax 
turned to Donna and gave her a post-hypnotic suggestion that when 
she heard the words "the rain in Spain falls mainly in the plain" 
she would find herself on a desert island all alone. She would be 
on the beach. She could hear the gulls and the waves rolling 
against the shore. She would have the desire to take her clothing 
off and bask in the warm rays of the sun. She would be completely 
alone and could then do anything that she wanted. 

     The suggestions was also give that from now on, when Dax 
snapped his fingers twice, she would fall into a very deep 
hypnotic trance. He also gave her the ability to create any dream 
that she wanted to. All she had to do was to envision the person 
she wanted to be with, where she wanted to be and what she wanted 
to be doing; she would then say the word "Alpha" to herself, 
close her eyes, and she would fall into a deep sleep for ten 
minutes and have the dream she fashioned.

     At this point Donna was woken up slowly and told that she 
would remember nothing of the experience. She was also told that 
she would feel very refreshed and rested, as well as very sexy. 
"Now wake up feeling wonderful," Dax urged.

     Donna told Dax and Don that she felt good but really didn't 
think that it had worked. Dax had a self assured smile on his 
face and indicated to the couple that this was often the case but 
she really was very deeply asleep. She disagreed with Dax, but 
did indicate that she was grateful for being taught how to so 
deeply relax. She hadn't felt this good in a long time. Dax asked 
her if she would like a demonstration of post-hypnotic 
suggestion. She indicated that it would interest her. "The rain 
in Spain falls mainly in the plain," were Dax's next words.

     Donna got up from the chair as her eyes seemed to be focused 
on something far away. She kicked off her shoes as her fingers 
started to unbutton her blouse. Don couldn't believe his eyes. 
Donna was normally very modest about such things. Her thumbs 
hooked themselves inside of her slacks and down they came. She 
curled her arms up behind her back and unfasten her bra. There 
was a look of embarrassment and excitement on both men's faces. 
Don opened his mouth to speak not knowing whether he should do 
so. Dax looked at Don and said, "feel free to talk if you want 
to. She can't hear or see you."

     As her bra fell to the ground, she slipped her panties off 
and discarded them also. There she was in all of her lovely nude 
splendor. Her bold breasts spreading across her chest as she 
stretched feeling the warmth of the sun lick her body. Her 
buttocks were flexed tight as she stood on her tip toes trying to 
get closer to the sun. She let out an appreciative moan as she 
lowered herself to the bed. Dax and Don watched as she lay there 
soaking up the sun. She soon turned over to offer her backside to 
the warmth. Dax's cock was hard now. Not only was he very excited 
sexually with this vision, he was excited that he was able to 
share this wonder with Donna and Don.

     Dax explained much of what was happening to Don. Soon Donna 
rolled over and began to squirm. Her hands went to her breasts 
and the thumb and forefinger of each hand were rolling her 
nipples gently. She squeezed her thighs together and began 
moaning. Don was very excited as he told Dax that he had never 
seen Donna touch herself. He was amazed at how erotic it was. 
Donna's left hand suddenly dropped to her soft public hair and 
her legs opened slightly. She was searching in the folds of her 
pussy. Her fingers were now wet with excitement. 

     She gently ran her slippery fingers over the lips of her 
swollen pussy. Don was convinced that this was likely the hottest 
he had ever been. He wanted to rip his clothes off and fuck her 
like he had never fucked her before. Dax calmed him down and 
advised him that there would be time for that later. The 
experiment should continue. Don agreed, but could not take his 
hand off of his rock-hard cock.

     Dax walked over to the bed and snapped his fingers twice. As 
soon as he did, Donna returned to her deep sleep. Dax instructed 
her that he would wake her soon. When she woke up, she would 
remember everything that occurred. She would remember it without 
embarrassment and feel very pleased with herself. Additionally 
when she heard the word "Beta" she would feel a mini climax and a 
tingling in her nipples. She was instructed to place herself 
under the sheets and wake up slowly.

     Soon Donna was awake. She simply starred at both men. "I 
can't believe it. It was one of the nicest dreams I ever had. It 
was so sexy. I didn't know I could get that turned on. Holly 
christ! My clothes are off. What happened to my clothes?" Donna 
asked.

     Don responded to her first, "you took them off when you were 
on the beach honey. It wasn't just a dream. It really happened. 
We saw everything. Do you feel OK?"

     "Yes I feel great, but I can hardly believe that I took my 
clothes off in front of Dax. I don't even ...." Donna began.

     "...Know me?" asked Dax. "No you don't, but apparently you 
felt comfortable enough with me to do just that. You can now do 
other wonderful things. Do you remember the post-hypnotic 
suggestion that I gave you about creating your own dreams?"

     She indicated that she did, and Dax urged her to try it now. 
Donna thought for a minute and said the word "Alpha" out loud. 
She soon fell into a deep sleep. Don and Dax watched what 
appeared to be a fitful sleep, but the looks on Donna's face were 
those of ecstasy and lust. They watched slight movements of her 
body as if she were having a wonderful sexy dream. In exactly ten 
minutes she woke up and sat bolt upright in the bed. She clutched 
the bed sheet to her breasts, but walked on her knees over to the 
two men. Both men had large smiles on their faces. She reached up 
and kissed Don. "It was absolutely wonderful honey," were her 
words.

     She offered her lips to Dax who hungrily accepted them. She 
have him a big kiss and said, "I don't know how to thank you Dax. 
These feelings are probably the best I've ever had. I am still so 
hot I don't know what to do with myself." Dax's cock hardened 
even more as Donna pressed her sheet-covered breasts against him. 
As she hugged him, he was offered the greatest view of her 
buttocks over her shoulder.

     Dax, trying to keep his wits about him said, "and the nice 
thing about it is that you can do this anytime you want. I want 
to show you something else Donna. 'Beta!'" Donna sank back onto 
the bed and let the sheet fall from her body. Her eyes rolled 
slightly as the small climax began to diminish. "Anytime you want 
to get to small nut, just say the word 'Beta,'" Dax assured her. 
"Now I'm going to ask you both to come back tomorrow night if you 
would like. I want to work with Don and teach you both how to do 
some other amazing things." Donna got dressed, and she and Don 
thanked Dax as they left the room. 

     The clock at the side of the bed read 11:37. Dax didn't 
really feel tired, and he wanted to see Bridgit again, so he 
freshened up and headed for the lounge. The lovely waitress 
seemed awfully happy to see him return. She came quickly over to 
his table and asked him if he needed anything. This time he told 
her, "you'll never know, but I'll settle for another drink."

     Bridgit said, "I'll get you the drink, but I would like to 
know." She pranced away with what appeared to be an extra effort 
at swinging her fanny. It didn't do unnoticed by Dax. He was so 
aroused after having seen the experience that Donna just had that 
he badly wanted to make love with Bridgit. He could think of 
little else.

     Soon she returned with his drink. This time when she placed 
it in front of him she intentionally lingered to expose her large 
breasts to his gaze. He took full advantage of it and said, 
"please tell me that you have fallen passionately in love with me 
and can't live without me."

     "I don't know that that is the case, but I would like to 
spend some time getting to know you better. It's a little slow 
right now. Would you like me to see if I can get off a little 
early," she asked.

     "I would love that," Dax hastened. He was wondering whether 
or should just be straight forward and ask her to his room, or if 
he should offer to take her someplace for a drink or coffee. 

     He didn't have to wonder long. She returned to say that she 
could leave in fifteen minutes. "Would you like to just go up to 
your room and we could have something sent up?" she inquired.

     "That would be great. What if I go up and get the drinks 
ordered so we won't have a wait? What do you like to drink?" Dax 
asked.

     "Scotch and water is fine. No, make is white wine. See you 
soon. I got the room number from the restaurant. OK, so I was a 
little curious," she said with a smile.

     Dax hurried to the room and placed the order for room 
service. He also ordered a sea food snack tray. The time wouldn't 
pass quickly enough. In a short time there was a knock at the 
door. He jumped to answer it. It was room service. He admitted 
the server, signed the check and quickly offered the tip. No 
sooner did he get the tray over to the table, he heard another 
knock at the door. His blood began to run more quickly. It was 
Bridgit. She was dressed in a lovely pastel sweater that paid 
sufficient accent to her lovely breasts and dark slacks that 
gratefully hugged her rounded buttocks. "Please make yourself 
comfortable," Dax offered.

     She sat at table and told Dax that he shouldn't have gone to 
all this trouble. He assured her it was no trouble and joined 
her. They enjoyed some interesting small talk as they completed 
the snacks. Bridgit asked Dax if he would mind if she freshened 
up a bit. Dax told her that his place was her place. She gave him 
a little kiss and moved toward the bath room. Dax was anxious to 
hold her in his arms. Soon he heard the water running in the bath 
tub. He hadn't thought that she was this serious about freshening 
up. Apparently she was. Well, he could wait. He poured himself 
another glass of wine and settled down for the wait. Soon Bridgit 
called his name. He approached the door and asked if she needed 
anything. She asked him if he would object to washing her back. 
The smile spread across his face as he entered the bath room.

     She twisted to hang up the last remnant of her clothing and 
Dax was treated to a view of her exciting buttocks. Naked, they 
were even more exciting with the deep groove separating them and 
the soft curls nestling within.

     She turned to him and came toward him, and he watched 
shocked  and fascinated as the twin breasts swayed from side to 
side, making the nipples dance. With a cute smile she stepped 
into the tub, bringing her hot sweet flesh within inches of his 
throbbing cock.

     He couldn't take his eyes off of her as she slid into the 
water and urged him to join her. His clothes fell like rain. 
Somehow they managed to twist their limbs so that the both fit 
well into the tub, her legs resting neatly on his and curled 
around his hips. She handed him the soap and asked him to wash 
her. His initial attempt was on her back, but soon the temptation 
proved too much for him and he concentrated on her bountiful 
breasts, covering them in lather.

     She giggled as his hands massaged the firm flesh and tweaked 
the hard nipples. He had an overwhelming urge to suck her begging 
nipples, but decided that the lather would likely not be to his 
liking. He confined himself to running his hands over her 
breasts, tweaking her nipples with his thumbs, making her shudder 
with excitement. Her red lips were parted and she was breathing 
heavily while her sensuous eyes were hooded, making her look like 
a feline predator waiting to spring on its prey.

     Dax knelt up and washed her flat stomach, taking his time, 
tantalizing himself until he could hold back no longer. He 
reached down into the forest that obscured the new object of his 
desire. He soaped the thick fur and then, using the soap he 
pushed the hair aside to reveal her rosy slit. He parted the 
puffy lips gently and eased a finger inside her volcanic hole.

     Bridgit moaned out loud and laced an arm around his neck and 
brought his face towards hers in a deep hungry kiss. Her tongue 
forced itself between his lips and into his mouth. It was 
frantic, agile and quick as it searched for Dax's tongue. He was 
still sliding his finger in and out of her hot cunt while his 
thumb rubbed her growing clit. His other hand was still squeezing 
her breasts and nipples. Their embrace became more and more 
passionate and his cock was jerking around like a taunt fire 
hose.

     Finally they broke apart, both of them flushed with erotic 
desire. Bridgit stood up and stepped out of the tub grabbing a 
towel and wiping herself off. She pulled Dax to his feet and 
wiped him dry. He couldn't remember the last time someone dried 
him. I reminded him of his childhood, but there was nothing 
child-like about the raging erection which she also paid 
attention to.

     She dropped the towel to the floor as their warm, moist 
bodies met in a new embrace, and they kissed deeply once again. 
His stiff bone was pressed up against her hard belly as Dax 
noticed the bed which seemed to beckon to him. When they got to 
the bed, she again took the initiative. She pushed him back on 
the bed. He felt awkward as his legs dangled off the end of the 
bed. Her hands had found Dax's erect pole and were gently 
stroking it up and down. Bridgit held the hard cock upright as 
her lips lowered to meet it. He felt her lips close around it.

     His cock was getting wetter and wetter as she left a trail 
of warm saliva with each plunge, and his organ was jerking 
powerfully in the sheath of her lips. He could hear the erotic 
slurping noises as she eagerly and expertly swallowed his 
pulsating ramrod to the back of her throat. Dax's hips were 
responding to her rhythm by lifting to meet her attack, 
penetrating her more deeply. Deeper and harder she sucked. Dax 
knew that he would not be able to withstand much more without 
loosing control. Dax stopped her with a groan of passion. "Wait, 
wait Bridgit. I don't want it to end yet," Dax pleaded.

     Dax began kissing her body. He sucked on her nipples as her 
moans came in harmony with his efforts. He reluctantly let a 
nipples escape as his lips traveled down her body, kissing and 
licking every inch of her flesh as he slowly slid down to his 
target area. He could feel her hands trying to hurry his journey, 
but he resisted and took his time, savoring the texture and taste 
of her flesh. Soon he reached the forest of public hair from 
which rose an intoxicating aroma of pussy juices. Her legs parted 
and he could see the pink, puffy lips nestled in the patch of 
hair, glistening with arousal.

     His tongue plunged into the hot lava of her love volcano. He 
knew that she would not release her grip on him until he sucked, 
licked and lapped her hot cunt to explosion. With his hands 
firmly holding her wiggling buttocks, he furiously drove his hard 
tongue into her body massaging the walls of her cunt, darting 
from side to side and gathering up the love juices. Soon 
Bridgit's cunt exploded and poured its cum inside Dax's waiting 
mouth. He drank her womanly nectar as if he would never have the 
chance to do this again. She screamed as her climax broke and 
seemed to swallow her up.

     Dax didn't want her to loose all of the excitement of her 
climax as he swiftly mounted her, and using his fist aimed the 
head of his eight inch rod into her very slippery pussy, parting 
the puffy lips and scouring through the hot liquids until his 
cock was fully embedded in her. He eased his hands under her 
ample ass cheeks and grasped the resilient flesh, pulling her 
upward as he shoved his cock yet deeper into her tunnel. Her body 
immediately responded and the embers of her previous climax 
flared into life. She started to meet every thrust with an upward 
heave of her hips.

     It was Bridgit's body that first broke the stride. Suddenly, 
her hips froze the rhythm and then started to jerk up and down 
very fast, thrusting her cunt more fiercely over Dax's huge 
organ. Her greasy pussy was endeavoring to swallow his cock whole 
and keep it in the greedy clutch of her vaginal muscles. She 
screamed in jolts. The fierce clutch of her wet cunt on his cock 
was too much for him to take. His back stiffened and arched while 
his cock attempted to find new depths. Very soon his cock pole 
began to erupt furiously into Bridgit's tight, hairy cunt hole. 
They slipped into sleep almost immediately afterward. 

     The next morning when Dax awoke, Bridgit was gone. He found 
a note on hotel stationary wherein she excused herself and told 
him that she hoped to see him again soon. Dax read the note as he 
tried to blink away his sleep. He rolled around the bed 
remembering the wonderful evening. After a time of lovely 
thought, he got up and took a shower. He dressed and went down to 
the dining room to have some breakfast. When he returned, the red 
message light was flashing on his phone. He called down to the 
desk to find that there was a message for his to call Don.

     After speaking with Don, it was decided that they would 
again meet this afternoon at about two o'clock. Dax had brought 
his lap top computer with him and was able to get a little 
writing in. He also wiled away part some of the day shopping and 
reading. He was anxious to meet with Don and Donna to see what 
other successes they could achieve.

     Two o'clock soon arrived and shortly thereafter there came a 
knock at the door. Dax went to the door and opened it with a 
smile. Donna's brown eyes were staring into his own, and Don was 
standing just behind her.

     "Please do come in," Dax said as he stepped aside. "Did you 
have a good evening last night?"

     Don hastened to respond, "I don't think we ever had such an 
exciting day in our lives. When we got home we continued to talk 
about the experience and conducted several experiments ourselves. 
Donna was able to have several dreams. I merely watched, and it 
was a very hot time. I was also able to use the post-hypnotic 
suggestion "Beta" to give her multiple minor orgasms. It server,
aske realmarkle anditionalo off rooegulafor rlacey said Don.

Donna waemed a little dibarrassed tobyhe desircripve monrassve. S
     Dax explained muat it was fiw yon's harn la exploience thate
trance subte sDon was coked thetake hesea ftand they kit hoimmediately reder hey. Shx hadelp Don ovlax morough thaethods hat 
grquesireshe subjects o finlexnd restx movaous abrt sof his 
dy. HeSome Donnaas convletely 
stx m, and Dax wagan speaking toft c 
alo conlrly,"After a tiort tiile 
nnaas co the grance subte sDon 
coulinued to tark with Dom and waeper the grance s

     It the grnutes shat paided, anx to ght hon has to doe thalouto-pnosis to onhallunated isiolly wHe was anxe to usanged.hate
trsht, hasnd, shste 
d feel ve his 
rtner. DoH poin-hypnotic 
suggestion "Bs presscipated tobyhe words "thpnosisex
rtner. D"hen wehe shod Do her d the words "thme back t"ll of her serins thuld 
remern la exrmallyHe was anxo give tthe shegestion that when 
er 
se heard the words "thck-hard cock. he sauld get to intediately
excction wHe was anxo gild that 
en he heod Do her d he words "
"plstx moi" Das eigction whild seeubde. "Dx wenokhim ag slowly.,
askesing thm that sh would feel a nderful evd wentllested, 

     As hen opened his moes wes hand thopped to her hands u.hen weheked him her elt hhe goswer i that he walt gooat tod was ed to maknow."im her edi He was wold that 
r edi ery holl as  was abn 
ricapxe toofoing; ome ofalmarkle anings. Do"Go and thd the it no
out said Don..

     "In ovlapted, thhpnosisex
rtner.  sad stepar at Don a indi
she rarurprised He got up fr  was ed over to thr, anpting ons 
hand osround his hey.is His otps ansght hise as ths rooht wahd 
deepped to hee cheft a  her wettocks. NaTy were beinginng to Dot toricaied andy when hex saipe the strds "
hme back t

     Don ans sticked  aawho hadfound 
 his arms. So"Ilmost imel 
asguiy renna. 'BY were 
meone drse.
 was alssing anmeone drse.
alo coeling thr as s" shn anid Doin nderfu

     "PlW it seciting d Donna 
ked.
on askered her itat it was fiand thed Dax that he was fiunlieve le a

     "PlRk-hard cock. here 
t next mords "tt of thx's huuth. He
Iediately ree fornt of Dax's hapas oudeveled toauge 
bulgsDon wawas a vin meazed aHe couldn't relieve that I s 
ren cockd be 
onts hard 
 wademd tHe wanted to riow how to s was lipossie a

     "Px went toalo ofdrawn armnalogyor the w He hoquired Doato 
hoether or not son waer 
ke up an the grrning w,ot sonessesaly achoserny,ith a 
ge 
iffenDon wald her that sh wod. I x callinued toto geplain that he extction whiaserely waood berushg into hie 
pufen cThere sh armart so the batrn that hedictioblood be hie 
pufen cp a arrisal.
he nend ifntrol. so thmy drofff rofunion w 
DoIth armamply makeer as comerol. o s wasn hel clidingons waa 
resht wHe also wiplained muat itten thn haqution thatselves inout thimmepotce thcamee then mown they gont to wot to intction wthey 
wemethiimesan't lNaTy weingino woqution thatselves i. Iyou 
er 
set to intction wp a arwing up th the grrning w,our rond ifs fiankely nostx m, nd theyinkg about itsexWellel clve sents al images
that shn geke yousrounds. Sheethiimesaweon't know thactly teat 
otey 
arsDon w cock hamain ieharders Dax 
plained m
he nerds "t"plstx moi" Dare 
t nnaipe t and Don w'eigction whgan to erg
deen. B
     "PlN, but's nork with Don a waeo more aOK, ith Dou Dax a w,
Dax assuk. She clsponded an the grafrmlyive mod was abled thetake hea nost. Whe sat at the grair and fos abqution t, ndut itether 
orere was a mthing thspecif sughwanted to rilrlynow to do She 
scdicated to thx that hee was very deimessed upth what apn hast
bron hixe to usdoand she would fake to dr able to wibng on ithandllunatedns waawell aDax stopped his fingers wice, shd Donna t's
childfell inowly sl her tuest asinonvletelyostx medns 

     He cook his deep s and haeper into hewonderful sexep almhe 
trlt gon wal he  of the shealder.
 "Cashe heard  u" Donnassuk. ShDax asdicated that she diuld hear thunls 
dictioenot to Don wawallinued t"and her tot to ear or uronvinersion 
 I wan gell meyour omething s Dax'sedi ets and cuged hin waldontinue. Don agid, 
"plur oow thx, trnna and DoIaipe thdut itque wifew exings. ast ninippt wasn we got home w.t thmyugedg w,os told 
 that she isuld 
reke to drke is with an uher sum get walkafterai She clspecif sly 
whid the  she isought thu were 
ry sexy. 
Ishere camthing thw
could le thiremaio her a pnxietybout twoing to uher sum g? Inow I coam fiadinsl heigne fijeause. I ditst wir, ant I wout her to love seit inl. Daxyou feed her basire.le t

     Don assured him that s, "e was in ade toaury sexy. omanly. coamink we evn gelradplaced sn her nind i,f you 
ink wee isuld 
reke toit

     Don anreed, .ex saipe theDonna andin, solur oa now were 
paeply asleep. hank ou have faer been. efore. DaWn you weaken u,
Don opwl sqbeme bax and Don wenl sqbeon aninvery thy. Shx hanl sqloosilike 
n, itsnd like a m, anel 
ke a m, nd taste 
ke a m, ShDaY werl sqed heurself 
unmerol. lly thattraed to plm and wasl sqloededo finl heriinside Dau." Y werl sqel free to ta anything thwith exr that shease tshu werhout 
regdersr tho hase.
ico the grrollo In exfaed,hcamee thmeone dr was ting inu w,hu werh sqbeme baeven more ascited aDaWn you wear ormchefaphmyunds tryce, shx and DoDon opwl sqain tooradplaced snd begahatselves i. u werh sqmember thnotice up il hiIhefaphmyunds tryce,  Dax'seso gave her the absuggestion that I e isul sqbeoxe to usanged.hn and yime som 
wathed ajust sa Donnaad larrlyn, .ex sald her that his would wake heup a ry sliply.,
eling wonderful,"nd resteshed a

     Donna gogan to ereneder eyes seewly.
o"Ilally fen't liremember evything. Shd yoigo upll a?she asked.nd lapked at Don a
Don opld her that hierything thnt tory holl aShe gav up from the chchanc and foved toward thx. "NoHey,"  don't waally feow whatybut 
diIave the  cp nmerol. lly erge to succreyou bees offut. A opedd 
whough. , don't even ..ca noifax watched sWhat ifd you 
 thire baevx w?she asked.n Dax'sith an upwnuolly sparklen her niown eyes wShDax asened his moms upaDonna prfl into the tmith herseouth topassral a ovep.

     Don wasunknto hewoanc anxt motthe table, ith a 
rious,"ook lion ths face tDax looked ater andtlm and wan wanodd his hanea 
"pging a wh tory to crprocd, .ex sauld see thn w'eihd fasc in a arhis laaladinslrd cock up his hands magan to erulodereonna's facul
breasts, Donna waepped asck and unmaio hher thaoth the drick asmouton. She inte andthe extton he thx t'sticir Soon Brty were beal
breut nak. ShOy ner preties ofmain ieha she eaturned to sax t'stembarce, anbbedg thr aspubicountedgainst him.legs Don agitled dobrek and unfazied his fitunds.rsHis otick fuck up hith adraw and Dohe shookin its culengthp his haes werched 
ery thio he Dax's and Doher liper aDax read ch his hands  side of henna's fank, reties of 
thethe sunll as her wettocks. NaSeezing 
e wonderful e ten ure ad
flarh as her fleny. ave hex'sesolhe grrnireachs he thbeme barder s

Donna wadped intoo her haort tsand he whand walt gos culengthpscdieame.

     Fie neoma of puis lovely 
manlyose an meet wix t'stnoridels
She solt thisereatimeinginng to Dosp. hom the cheyef his 
desteelike abhamm s

Pties ofd shortlywere stmaio hheispeake 
imunis as hety well to the grb.
on ass abn 
roking its hane 
orck upre quickly. Its backs ofre being to Drre ad
bhis slzied s

DoHetood up and stmaio hherihapas oud shortlyw,ontinue.g to Dobea
his lamt. WhEh plme he toookin its cock p,e heodwomething else Dothat shove his m crazyDax's hipds went fiered doth a easts,lesh. SoDoHetwered her hand th suck he the persotipples as ntweaked 
e tmiweme c 
th his thuee. He
     Donna g'sroan owere now wemusicheDonna'eigarsHiAuher sum gest
brs fingers tw her nissy e Shx hanld sellinhe sunlk fuckred brfirmers twom her bogushg inld bad stmubhe extton he her as ssole. 
ThMong seewly slwn form her bopples, bux began kissing hee sunll asof her fllly a,it. g her loohtly as the pehipone wsThis timadher 
wompednhalwarmyff the end. She clabbineDax's ernd thd the i to maknshederiinsi her tunc aovered brnt hHe relusted and tollinued totos efforts. eewly.
os tongue plaveled dosolhound his heve jubox
taneang the soap handiras ntwcking evr thighs t. Cser too conler tohis laps cloe towais heve jubton hIn a shick asuton. trnna anio hhetoweld thx. 'saging erfen cThH lovely brps clened hid she woid dothe dilengthp thx's huck upsi her tuuth t,uck hg evrd. 
Upnd Dohewn theyico mmins he afterseouth toio hhDon couldn'ee the piail 
of was witsfe'stiiva wiotheyicomas harck fune w

     "Px weuth toddenly drened hid shvered brnna g'srollen punt horekeps
os tongue plove hieply assi her tune andhe tolasd her, unt horeney. ItHsucked on her niit. bringing hesi hecul
rd. ss. Do was 
frke a taall taeakiretween his lingry kikeps
onna'eigs were stgld toto geem andse heodwoeasts anmong seke a jellond begtocks ovrplesg thwiinhythm anth the dior n musements oSuddenly, 
nna waepfened a,
pulsaleDax's erck uprm her bouth toionts aly a,lackmm it wiep 
hyside her voroat. oo conlax hheispx's huuth. Hee pusoed her itloos juices. esi hex t'stik hg evuth to her clps frgyted onickly ofagainst ths cocumovered brce tDa served a ke toitould fakt ninire. r aDanally t,er wettocks. egan to squw hiwn. BrH loreameds
were evmuffl tobyhe woermals,"one wa her niroat. DaTy weo 
waeubde. dDax was anill sqry sliff boaDonna prmaio hherimprm her bomouth. Heould you lind if shweook a sholl taeakfa
 I wan geve seitmething el drink?"oney,"?she asked.B
     "PlN,at tal Don. w,
x readonded andse heoked at Don and sarolled ovs haes wDonna waoked ater andtlx'sith anrprised s she 
strawas eigctio
ren co his arnds u.
     "PlYaoow thx, trdon't waally feblamDau." I gus 
w edi et torit of herd salittle dDa servedshat Donnand DoIave seally ferned toyour oonhom the choks on ft. HeN that th armaing el drbprobaun D,
she woid with a smile.,bout him cock p,ead chg elr a drter an
ass oDon colt awkittle sloelf-conscus abose heoehim cock pasc infrom sir hands u.hx and Don both merched 
e sunlmyff onna t's
chttocks. ed begasts andsee was ed ovewly slross hit room anth a her liter aHer eyenred,ody ths a veep 
nk, rth excieron. She inremern l to thx th the beachid shfered her a bisipHe took fui
gratefully h.
     "Pln, it warvedshke tore. r aisie thve even th uher sum g's
chren cand Dax w's
 gazat tooks g w,on't wau 
ink w Donna 
id w

     "Px weadonded a, "wl, heIlally fen't wag in a dimis. eth the depowessie ascitepon of pomywn, ant I'llmlassyou like toit

     Do"You' now tijeause.oney,"?shnna 
ked.p thx'ss she 
strtled doek anto his owms. SoH breasts anfwed hito the hot ow hi 
hax's ercst as she 
fered hennandiew of her exnk, rttocks, he fan
es seerching inr Dax w cock h

     "Px weid, "I'noonna, I 'mow tijeause.In exfaedoitould faexcitinme to you 
ich h its cock p.ax said as he stgrind over toher hipd thdDon a
n ovlarn l to  stgrinnd moved toward the bat. ShDaxna prmasd the 
ass of nhe nippt thand mu Donnaaproached tShDaxna hipdlfard coren cocamDathin inose aroacximy to crr flence
She sogan to runch pl to 
ich ht and saitped to heok liatax. He 
wanodd his hasuort wand she andin toad ch hir Dax w cock h
a setk lionry slttle slr Dax w cock ho runed s in. She scrpar at andton aninva nosheepishum gn and began to squokin  itDax's hipds  cued outn
of her flple asgasts andsen agipped asnler t
n ovla ch hit an asarolanis fingers twiough thr tunc aliply.,
gedg w r lips clnred tohis law howe 
rodDonna wauldn'ee the pifluidndthe exp to Dax's haorck u.he turned tor as sso thx tha took a t firm  imelwnches of hiDaxna hirck fune wn her ninth. Henna to sokore and more 
 Dax's haorren co h her tuuth tndsen agiawux begantoo hemaniputer.onna t's
chiry cussy e Shx hat nnav up ths faees ovd begaoht hon h to seher hwDonna waved torhout 
osing cor grip on hix's hapen cThe inreme ch hiound hid graspineDax's hattocks. ed belsaleDam dryper ininto thr ninth. H
     "Px weutd tohind hexna prmning his hands over her 
unded bu
s cheeks a
os topds  dped inwn into the focrk of her ths ch asarocled ed seve of thr thices. Her ain.d his hands o her hanoridels
to shoorinhe grama of pur womanlyod, ItHsucokin its cone wn h sehecul
gction wh he staced thiiva wi his arnds h asaalesg it 
fatween his wettshheDonna a cunt exkeps
oAimg the soaow ni his 
des afteaterseogang anve thanel. bux besed his hane 
ck upsi heDaxna hiwe. ShHslowly slrked.  s 
ren coto her body matil he sr
could lee the pitton he henna a cu ssole. ressedgainst him.leiry cufatwy wHe waarted to meee th and out of her hot . 
Th     Finasd rnd fascit clpssunlk fube driee hise w.ts backs ofre bebodiuncg on  of henna a cunl in teame.g cor grcitement. Hex sauld setargknow ore andhis haes weved d on her jouces.overed brnk 
waspttleg her cunt mondiras it seiee hito the icomuskyunnel. Her bofatwauful 
s cheeks anre be his arnds u wobbng wonderful,". It wawas too muciting dHe wagan to ergrt hHeAshe 
lt herimaepfened
hyside he her houeezing 
eath o,os tomhed her flttocks. eto his owaminkghso thin toyper innetrating a
Do     Don ans stw hodring a s thuooleth thdieame.waltrrinhside he hehis latsfe'stik hg evuth tWith hie bat.autyf puis lora noionts ,hDaxna prlt heth meper agonen  of itte. WiGobsf puis  fucatimere bebopring thto her boippery punt hole. 
xna hijismoueeied tohoc 
alto her boik hg evuth tWiHerond ifs fispinng to she eagloience tdion tof the dast imearth-shing upnlax hsn her ninemo. Hee inrecledapd tobenth ofth memen. Ainhe e tossralcipas oumain iehamouton. ls 
r Daque wive ofme. I wwas 
x that herm  imv up from ththe bed.  d went doto the foth room. Da was wheup and stmarn l to ththe beom anth a s fitunds.rs  wHe waured himself 
arink?"oa took a a nost. ndthe exple a
on agid, 
" otice camthore 
 Daat h? coamink weIeeded
arink?"ook  Dax'seured hinnandiink?"oa todeves.d brfi to end.  de. "Dxna prh the nost imnderful sexle sh her nience
     She satn Brt up fr  waved toward the bath room. Dax waought threnewexy. o s wasanlyos. WeHasked.nnnander a nna was abt of hekireshocks, "xyou feel frOKbout the isen a

     Do"I'inhel asu 
inpiaih t,udon'ave some brguiy 
eling ws
about th. I doink wety werl sqgondy wheh hie much foproble I reamawallicert, ndut itnna. 'BH hiwnou 
ink wee isul sqeair?"sked.nDaxna

     "PlWl, heice c's  w as tearmyf find thfut. Wenill sqve theo
chancegback ofmember e?sheted tox'ss shxna prmarn l to the beom a

     "PlCncegback of tart h?shnna 
quizz while 
marn lg el dr"n 
co the beach

     "Px weadonded aerm  i, "xya, I h hiwnou 
el frout thimerything that sh dhisped l t

     Do"I
el frzat t.oIave sever halt hesoexy. 
Iave sever hast
brch an ood evnlax .rdon't waally feink weIeel frzuiy rand shw I coam fired hat shIouldn't 
bfijeause.o you 
madheve thaonother 
knsanlyoeier 
n, iDonna 
id w

     "P"reamat son w Dax saited to he stclped his finds tryce,  hDaxna prd an eok li her niences if hesr edi t know thereinhe was. WeDoHehipd thrn l toom the to 
e beher 
d begk andin. S
     "P"Ho fenhrist! Ho fffffffenhrissssst! Y weo o'swihed 
shaced s
on agwnou 
meanhat shIouasering upve thaonx begare.  coamu weaeed, o heoet
 thach hts cock p?shnna 
ked.pdieamdulsly iS
     "P"Tt s'it seney. ItY werted to rItY weid the  shy werted toto s. wout hedou 
ic. Inow I at 
r edi . Erything thsped l the 
wateit noealderave s,nd DoIave thu 
mod hat nvery . ease doel as baevu beeoyed so and sayou' now tieling wobad shn aneaded.

     Daxna was abmfortable,"eth the deen .tsf the day s. Tce, ofatwfod hateyeft a e eagloiennts  torhouering upve thaono o'cher 
clforing wifctohwDoOe sub tomhdis with anth of them fDax was annoliremely fered hether 
n ans string upve thth an uye wn hepassralculafWeHasew that he would se he wouted to rItx walt gooat toabout thwt sh wou anxe to usdolr Dax wnd Donna toawell aoawer Dahim tlf This tis on hof the dahottt asngerellekes hadhad aner 
se adDaTy weaeed, o he this again. n hofdayand Dax waped to t sh woknsaderave sewoance to doe thidgit askin meals

     ShhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhTHE END
  P.SThis tistorths a itinn thr Dax wnd Donna t. Iyo uye wnuld 
reke to drcoe tng 
eang her mow as gelradpercst a were staring ofd shortld thaticomassea ftamuch foprotaEdiyf fBBS. He was Mevn Lock p?s. WeDoo s. woeakiretwst, te wakiren Lock p? absus. Wek?"oney,"? anxe ya was ablrink?ething her sum beme barousaic l t                                                                              
                      CHAPTER SIX - HYPNOSEX

     The mild winter began to recline into the arms of an anxious 
spring. Dax opened the door to approach his car for the trip to 
his office, as his nostrils were welcomed by the fragrance of the 
changing season. His heart was light, and he had a bounce in his 
step. The conversation that occupied the previous evening was 
music to his ears. 

     Marilyn, a computer bulletin board friend had agreed to meet 
him for the first time. She wanted to know more about the use of 
hypnosis in sex. They had shared many thoughts on previous eve-
nings. Some were simply warm and friendly, and others were 
downright steaming. They had discussed everything from children 
and pets to jumping one another's bones.

     Dax and Marilyn had become rather close friends without ever 
having met one another. They had each teased from time to time 
about meeting one day, but Dax never really expected Marilyn to 
meet with him. Now she had agreed, and they were scheduled to see 
each other this evening in a local night spot at eight o'clock. 
They had some idea of how one another looked and a very good idea 
of what one another thought. He was anxious and hoped that she 
shared his excitement.

     The day seemed to last forever. Everything appeared to be 
moving in slow motion. His productivity for the day was, as a 
result, outstanding as he tried to occupy the struggling moments 
toward the end of the work day. Fridays were somewhat traditional 
in that he never went directly home after the work day's end. He 
would generally frequent a local downtown watering hole until 
about seven; remove to one of his favorite restaurants for a bite 
to eat; and visit one of several of the local hot spots around 
town.

     Dax arrived at the cafe at about five o'clock and sat in his 
favorite chair at the far corner of the bar. He greeted several 
friends as they entered and exchanged comments about the grueling 
week. He had a difficult time concentrating on the various con-
versations because his mind was on Marilyn. Would she find him 
exciting?

     Seven-thirty had arrived. Dax paid his bill and rose to 
leave. His mind was dissecting the possibilities of the evening 
as he drove to Rascal's lounge. As he pulled into the broken 
black-topped parking lot he had visions of Marilyn's lovely nude 
body resting on his chest. He almost didn't see the attendant 
provided to direct him to available parking. His car rested well 
between two other chariots as he entered the lounge.

     Dax went through the doorway with eyes wide searching for 
the evening's target. There was no single lady at the bar, so Dax 
selected a seat with a view of the entry way and ordered a drink. 
He noticed that his hands seemed to have a life of their own. 
They were shaking as he attempted to stir his grog. Furtive eyes 
continued to paint the doorway to the lounge and still no 
Marilyn. It was only ten minutes to eight and no need for con-
cern. She would show.
     
     In a nonchalant manner, Dax allowed his eyes to travel 
throughout the bar. He wasn't sure but thought that a lovely 
young lady sitting with another man was checking him out rather 
well. Bright eyes sparkled from an angelic face. Dax couldn't 
help but notice her deep, dark and warm cleavage floating in 
waves, hugged by the material of a blood-red dress, as her 
shoulders moved back and forth. The curl of her generous lips and 
her bright smile teased Dax as she continued her conversation 
with the man next to her. Just his luck; here was a hot, sexy 
woman that seemed to have interest in him. Not only was she with 
another man, Dax was waiting for a woman that he had no idea how 
she looked.

     He had trouble surveilling the entrance in anticipation of 
Marilyn. Each time his eyes moved to the door he was distracted 
by the lovely woman's breasts. They seemed to be calling to him. 
He continued to try to get this woman out of his mind, but she 
wouldn't stop sneaking glances as him. Suddenly, she rose from 
her bar stool and began walking toward the rest room. Dax's eyes 
were now drawn to her magnetic buttocks. The material of her 
dress seemed to massage each cheek of her undulating ass. Damn! 
He would love to drink her bath water just to see her dry off. 
Few times had he ever gotten an erection just looking at a woman 
in a bar. This was one of them.

     Dax's eyes returned to the door once again and he noticed 
the man that had been sitting with the object of his new interest 
was walking out of the lounge; apparently leaving. Dax almost 
hurt his neck as he spun his head back to see where the lovely 
lady in red was. Soon she returned from the rest room, leaned 
forward, said something to the bartender and began walking 
directly toward Dax.

     Her lovely breasts continued to dance slightly as she ap-
proached. Dax wanted to look behind him to see if she was ap-
proaching someone behind him but thought that would be obvious 
and make him look ridiculous. His eyes riveted on the rim of his 
glass to prevent him from looking like an idiot. Soon he heard a 
whispered, "is this seat taken?"

     "Nn nnno! Please do sit down. There isn't anyone sitting 
there," Dax heard himself fumble through the words. Damn, why did 
he sound like such a fool.

     The red dressed lady eased up to the bar and pulled her seat 
after her. After she was obviously well settled, Dax made half a 
motion to get up and fix her chair for her. Too late, he thought. 
"Are you waiting for someone?" she breathed to Dax.

     Now what was he going to say? The fragrance of her scent 
captured him, and he wanted to tell her that he had been waiting 
for her ever since the doctor first slapped his ass, forty-three 
years ago. He gagged on his words slightly and then his mind 
snapped back to his intended purpose. He almost felt guilty that 
he was even thinking of this new lady, and he said, "yes. I am 
waiting for a friend."

     She rolled her shoulders once again and asked, "What is your 
friend's name Dax?"

     "Her name is...but... How did you know my name was Dax?" he 
returned, and then it began to sink in. "You can't be Marilyn!" 
He stuttered.

     Her smile grew to a full blown show of pearl delight. "When 
I left the house my name was Marilyn," she stated emphatically. 
"You're probably wondering what I was doing with that man that 
was sitting next to me. That was my cousin. I have to confess 
that I asked him to stop and have a drink with me so I would have 
a way out if you turned out to be a wild looking, sex-crazed 
maniac."

     Dax chuckled and nodded his head in a knowing way. "Well 
then, I have to assume that my looks didn't scare you too much."

     Her eyes diverted to the rim of the glass that the bartender 
brought over for her in a somewhat embarrassed fashion. "I'm 
sorry. I just never did anything like this before and didn't know 
what to expect."

     "No apologies necessary. If you were my cousin, I wouldn't 
want you to take any chances either. I'm glad you used your head, 
but you still don't know whether I'm a nut case or not," Dax of-
fered.

     "Now that I have seen you, and I couple that with all of the 
conversations we've had, I feel pretty comfortable. You are a 
very attractive man. And I know you're a good man. I was just ap-
prehensive, and now I'm not," she said softly. "

     There was music playing softly as they continued to get to 
know one another better. Suddenly, half way through an explana-
tion of the repairs her car had undergone in the past week she 
stopped and asked Dax if he would like to dance. Dax readily 
agreed and they approached the dance floor. As she preceded him, 
Dax couldn't help but to notice the rise and fall of each but-
tock. He felt his manhood stir once again. The red material rose 
and fell as the ripple of each cheek pushed and pulled at the 
fabric.

     Having arrived at the small space offered for dancing, 
Marilyn turned and opened her arms to receive Dax. He could see 
her breasts rise to accentuate her cleavage. Her scent continued 
to arouse him. His hands encircled her lovely body and were 
blessed by the soft touch. She didn't waste any time getting 
close to Dax. Her curves melted into his body as they moved to 
the music. Marilyn pressed her ample breasts against his chest, 
and he could feel the heat of her pussey against his leg. It 
seemed as though she was trying to turn him on. Well, whether or 
not she was trying, it was happening.

     It became obvious to Marilyn that Dax was getting excited. 
His cock began to grow thick and long. He felt it pressing 
against his clothing almost to the point of embarrassment. He was 
intoxicated with the fact that as his thick cock grew, Marilyn 
was pressing herself harder against it. His courage grew with 
this thought, and he allowed his hand to drop to Marilyn's full 
buttocks. He smoothed the material of her dress and returned to 
the flesh of her ass to squeeze. As he did, a soft moan escaped 
Marilyn's lips and her pussey pressed against him once again. 
Soon the music came to an end, and they were forced to separate.

     Dax began to show signs of embarrassment as they returned to 
the bar, and then his pride took over. He hoped that some of the 
other patrons saw his rock-hard cock as he returned. He was proud 
of it. Marilyn stopped abruptly as they returned, and Dax ran 
into her tight ass with his erection. She looked over her 
shoulder and smiled. "I just wanted to make sure that you were 
there."

     After they took their seats Dax indicated that it might be 
nice if they were able to go someplace that would be a little bit 
more private. Marilyn agreed. They finished their drinks, and Dax 
pulled her chair out so they could exit.

     "The kids are at my mom's, and I would love it if you would 
come over for a while Dax," Marilyn offered.

     "Are you sure it won't be any problem?" Dax inquired. Im-
mediately he knew that he should have merely said that he would 
love to. Why would he take a chance like that? She might have 
re-thought the matter.

     "No. It's not a problem. I'm anxious to learn more about 
hypnosis and your adventures. It's pretty obvious that you have 
become rather proficient at snake charming," she offered with a 
cute smile as her eyes riveted on the front of his trousers.

     After assisting Marilyn into her car, Dax got into his and 
followed her. His mind was racing. He couldn't remember the last 
time that someone turned him on this much. He could almost she 
her dress rising over her head as she remove it for his intruding 
gaze. He thought of her lovely buns, draped with only the 
sheerest of panties. He envisioned her soft pubic hairs furtively 
escaping the edge of her sex-soaked panties. He could smell her 
womanhood as her excitement increased. He wanted to make this 
woman part of him.

     Marilyn interrupted his mental adventure as she pulled into 
a driveway. Christ! He didn't even know which street he was on. 
His mind had obviously been elsewhere. He felt his heart begin-
ning to beat more rapidly as he put his car in park and extin-
guished his lights. After a quick check in the mirror to make 
sure that his hair didn't look like a squirrel he was out of the 
car and walking behind this lovely creature. 

     She fitted the key into the lock and looked back over her 
shoulder in an inviting manner. Marilyn lowered her coat to a 
waiting chair and told Dax to make himself at home. "I think a 
drink would be in order. Why don't you see if you can put some 
nice music on. The CD's are right next to the player."

     "You must enjoy classical music. Three quarters of what you 
have is classical," Dax raised his voice to assure that Marilyn 
heard him. He selected several pieces, placed them into the CD 
changer and pushed the play button. Looking around the room, he 
was gratified to see that Marilyn's taste extended to her lovely 
furnishings. Soon she returned with a bottle of wine and two 
glasses.

     "I've always been partial to classical music Dax. I think 
you'll enjoy this wine. It's kind of hard to come by 'round these 
parts partner," she teased with a country drawl as she seated 
herself close to him. "Now how does this hypnosis work that you 
have talked so much about?"

     Dax explained that almost anything was possible with the use 
of hypnosis if the subject had the ability. The ability generally 
was referred to as somnambulism. Many people were very suggest-
ible and could achieve wonderful results through hypnosis.

     "What kind of results Dax?" was her next question as she 
moved closer yet to him. He seemed to be trying to formulate an 
answer but encountered difficulty due to the closeness of her 
soft ample breasts.

     "You can be anyone you want. You can be with anyone you want 
to be with. You can be anywhere you want to be and feel as you 
wish for as long as you can physically stand it," he explained as 
his arm encircled her shoulders.

     "If I wanted to be with you, on a secluded beach, in the hot 
sun, with gulls overhead and waves lapping at the shore, could 
you make that happen?" she questioned with interest.

     "I really can't make anything happen for you Marilyn. You 
actually make what happens occur. Each of us has the ability, to 
one degree or another, to hypnotize ourselves. I would only be 
helping you through the process you don't quite understand," Dax 
explained.

     "Let's give it our best shot Dax. I would like to experience 
the scenario just as I outlined it. I want to be with you. I want 
it to be great and I want it to last," Marilyn pleaded.

     Dax took her through various relaxation stages and success-
fully helped her to a deep trance state. He indicated to her that 
they had been marooned on a dessert island and that on a portable 
radio they heard that a rescue party was two days away from 
bringing them back to civilization. It would be night time and a 
nice camp fire had been built. When he snapped his fingers once, 
it would soon be daylight and the sun would be glorious; they 
would be totally alone. He gave her the suggestion that they had 
been attracted to one another during their sea voyage but hadn't 
the opportunity to connect. 

     He further gave her a suggestion that she hadn't had sex in 
over six months and that she was absolutely insane with desire. 
Even if she masturbated she could not quench her thirst for sex. 
Dax told her that at the count of three she would awaken, find 
herself on an old boat seat that washed ashore and be a little 
cold from the dusk winds blowing off the water. 

     She would experience a desire unlike she ever felt before. 
Each time she had an orgasm, it would take violent hold of her 
and last three times longer that she had ever experienced before. 
Her nipples would be so sensitive that she would shudder with the 
least touch. When she placed his cock in her mouth she would feel 
this intense pressure on her clitoris. The deeper she placed his 
rigid penis in her throat, the more intense the feeling in her 
hole would be. 

     Dax asked her if she understood everything that he told her, 
and she acknowledged that she had with a nod of her head. He also 
told her that when he placed her head between his hands and 
kissed her on the forehead, she would awaken, feel wonderful and 
more satisfied than she had ever felt before. The next time that 
he snapped his fingers twice, while looking into her eyes, she 
would fall into a fast, deep sleep. So he began, "one, two, 
three."

     Marilyn sat on the couch that she perceived to be the boat 
seat. She had an utterly lost look on her face. Her arms crossed 
her chest in an effort to ward off the cold. She sheepishly in-
quired, "do you think we will be OK until they arrive Dax?"

     "I'm sure we will be just fine. I don't think there are any 
dangerous animals on the prowl, I have built a nice fire and it 
will be daylight soon," he said.

     "Would you mind if I get out of these wet things and try to 
warm myself by the fire Dax. I'm a little embarrassed, but I 
don't want to get pneumonia," she pleaded shyly.

     Dax could only nod his consent. He had been waiting to see 
this lovely body all of his life. Marilyn got up and turned so 
that he could release her zipper. She removed the red dress, and 
Dax noticed the visible goose flesh as she did so. He had ob-
viously helped her attain temperature hallucination. She was ac-
tually chilly. Dax went over to a near-by arm chair and retrieved 
an afghan to place around her. By this time she had removed her 
bra but modestly kept her back to Dax. He placed the afghan 
around her shivering shoulders and drew her to him.

     Marilyn melted back into his arms and could feel his meat 
pressed against her warming buttocks. He felt her fumble a little 
and turn to look into his eyes. "You have been so very kind to 
me. This is absolutely frightening not knowing exactly when they 
will come for us," Marilyn whispered.

     Dax eased her down on the "boat seat" and gathered her to 
him to increase her warmth. His nose was blessed with the scent 
of her hair and the warmth of her body. Again their eyes met. Her 
mouth opened ever so slightly as her eyes began to close. Closer 
and closer their lips came to touching. At last he could feel her 
hot breath bleeding into his own lungs; a kiss of gratitude 
turned quickly into a kiss of passion and need. The afghan feel 
from her shoulders.
     
     Moments later his strong hands were on her body. Touching 
softly and moving on. Her back flexed as his hands moved slowly 
up and down its spine resting on her buttocks. She considered 
stopping but she couldn't make herself. Her own hands began to 
experiment with the muscles of his body. She felt them ripple to 
her touch as a soft moan escaped his lips. This slight sound lit 
off lovely explosions in her head. His hands were on her thighs 
touching every inch as softly as an angel's kiss. She knew she 
was wet with anticipation and hunger. Uncontrollably, her hand 
soon found the hardness of the staff in his pants. Her control 
was gone and she didn't care.
     
     His hands were under her heavy breasts cupping and teasing 
and teasing her ripe, hard nipples. Once when she was a child she 
experienced a fever that was accompanied by a shivering 
phenomenon. As his fingers touched her dark pink nipples, this 
experience was relived. She began to press her wet, hairy mound 
into the seat for some simple relief from the mounting frustra-
tion. His tongue was on her neck tracing love notes. It then 
moved to her heaving swollen breasts. 

     She felt teeth and lips on her blood-engorged nipples. Again 
a shivering took control of her body, and ripples of excitement 
thundered through her body. His hand traveled down to that moist, 
fragrant hole of her womanhood. Explosions went off in her head 
as his hand crept inside her panties to feel her slippery cunt. 
He inserted one finger inside her body and then another. In cir-
cular motions he soon brought her to heaven. The bone shaking 
convulsions continued on and on. She had never experienced such 
an orgasm. Would there never be an end to this joy? She prayed 
there would not. Her jerking and moaning brought yet additional 
growth to his throbbing cock.
     
     As if drawn by a magnet, her lips traversed the distance be-
tween his hairy chest and his huge staff. Soon she brought that 
gentle monster inside she mouth and teased it with delight. He 
was bone hard and bursting with excitement. Her soft mouth sucked 
him deep inside to her waiting throat. Something was happening to 
her. Up and down went her hungry mouth as her tongue gave him yet 
new pleasures. She couldn't seem to get enough of this warrior 
spear into her throat. Deeper and deeper she sucked the huge cock 
into her mouth until her lips brushed the depths of his public 
wire. With each inch her moans grew in volume and intensity. 

     His head was spinning as he whispered in her ear that he had 
never had such tender bliss. The heat rising from her cunt was 
quite amazing. He took her swollen sex lips in his mouth and 
sucked and nibbled for minutes, his tongue teasing and probing. 
All the while, one of his hands was squeezing her buttocks with 
such strength it doubled her excitement. His other hand gently 
twisted one of her hard nipples. He sucked her sweet love juice 
and drank from her wriggling body, swallowing the divine cream 
with animal-like relish.

     Her soft pussey was going into spasms now, and he felt the 
muscles in her vagina grab for his teasing tongue as he lanced it 
into her tense body. Her smooth, rounded hips were jerking up and 
down as she attempted to shove as much cunt into his mouth as she 
possible could. Spreading her legs wide apart, he raised her but-
tocks in his hands and kissed at her dripping fanny, his nose 
completely buried and lost in the dark, springy hairs of her 
mound.

     The lips of her sweet cunt were now spread very wide apart, 
in a way that completely exposed her deep, hot cavern, the soft 
lips of her slit parting and pulsing with desire. The pinkish 
flesh gleamed with her love juice, which trickled and oozed down 
her tunnel and greased everything ready for the fuck that she was 
dying for.

     Taking his fat, throbbing weapon in both hands, he took the 
tip and rubbed it all over the slippery opening of her slit, 
smearing it with her juices. She had the look of a hungry animal. 
She didn't want fucked any longer; she needed it. Lowering him-
self on her body, he slid nine inches of cock into her eager 
hole. Her cunt swallowed every hot, steaming inch of it, the 
membranes inside her gripped his penis as he rammed it deeper and 
deeper into the liquid cauldron. The walls of her inner cunt con-
tracted tightly around this invading rod.

     The inner walls of her cunt seemed to quiver and clutch, 
enclosing the unyielding bulk of his cock in a loving grasp. The 
tip of his prick was pressing against her cavity. He enjoyed the 
depth of penetration for a few seconds more then grunted with 
pleasure as her vaginal muscles squeezed his cock in a milking 
action. In a motion that didn't dislodge his towering piston, he 
swung her over and placed her above him. Her heavy glistening 
breasts swayed in his pleasure-filled face. His tongue reached up 
to thank each rock-hard nipple in its own way for presenting such 
an erotic view.

     He began to see-saw in and out of her as she began to lever 
herself up and down the long, thick pole which impaled her. Her 
juices were soaking her pubic hair and the slopping, slushing, 
slurping sounds from her clasping cunt was erotic music to their 
ears. As she cried for it he bucked his hips even faster, match-
ing her up and down motion, her belly smacking against his with 
audible slaps of flesh as she clung to him. He hung on to her, 
trying to steady she, staring avidly at her bouncing tits when 
she pulled away to view the penetration. A wail of ecstasy ripped 
from her mouth as the violent explosion of her climax pushed 
through the membranes of her passion pit, milking his cock with 
the loving vise of her wet sheath.

     With one last frantic thrust, his cock exploded; shooting 
his cream in a steady stream of fantastic release. She had never 
had such excitement. It was new, wonderful and needed. It went on 
and on with such convulsive pleasure that she was sure she would 
pass out. She could have easily taken more of what that cock 
promised. Dax snapped his fingers, and Marilyn saw the bright 
orange sun rise over a sleepy horizon. Around her were the 
loveliest trees she had ever seen. Sea gulls sang sweet melodies 
as she closed her eyes and welcomed the heat of a new tropical 
day.

     Dax gently placed his hands around her resting face and 
kissed her on the forehead. He told her to awake and remember 
everything. This was one of the most wonderful times he had ever 
had, and he was sure that Marilyn was pleased with the outcome. 
The most wondrous thing about it was the fact that another 
pleasure trip was just a snap of the fingers away. Maybe next 
weekend.

                                                 #

                     CHAPTER SEVEN - HYPNOSEX

     A sweltering unseasonable heat met Dax as he left the 
office. He had been so busy with the rigors of a new week that he 
hadn't even the opportunity to stop for lunch. Just as well, he 
thought. It wouldn't hurt to shave about three pounds or so. Dax 
fired up the air conditioner and headed for home. 

     His mind wandered to a new computer bulletin board friend he 
had met the previous day. Ed seemed like an average guy with an 
interest in improving his sex life. He and his wife Linda lived 
in a little town near Pittsburgh, were in their forties, appeared 
to be devoted to one another, but something seemed to be missing. 
Ed and Linda weren't alone. Many couples experience this common 
phenomenon after being married for many years. Ed was interested 
in breathing a little new life into their relationship. 

     Dax had been jumping around the computer system from door to 
door when he was paged by Ed. As most people, Ed seemed 
incredulous about the use of hypnosis in sex. He couldn't believe 
that so many wonderful things could be accomplished by the use of 
hypnosis. It all seemed supernatural and frankly, so much bull.

     After Dax had the opportunity to share some of the methods 
and analogies of hypnosis, Ed became more interested and wondered 
whether this may be the direction he should take. Dax's biggest 
challenge seemed to be convincing Ed that is was normal to want 
to make sex more exciting. In response to Dax's questions, Ed 
advised him that he and Linda had never actually shared any 
fantasies with one another. Ed had wanted to experiment with 
threesomes as one time, but Linda seemed to be somewhat put out 
about it. She had never indicated an interest in making it with 
anyone other than Ed. Dax advised Ed to try to draw Linda's 
interests out through conversation and to get back to him so he 
could prepare an approach for them.

     The following evening when Dax signed on to the system there 
was electronic mail for him. He always got excited when there was 
a message for him. It was a lot like getting a letter that didn't 
have one of those little windows in it that meant the dirty "I" 
word - invoice. Ed indicated that he was able to determine one 
significant thing in his conversation with Linda. She was crazy 
about Patrick Swazee. She had indicated that although she was 
devoted to Ed, Patrick could park his shoes under her bed anytime 
he wanted to. Ed shared that he was a little jealous, but oddly 
enough, somewhat sexually excited by the prospect of Linda making 
it with someone like that.

     Dax prepared as message to leave in the electronic mail 
system for Ed. He indicated that chances were likely that Linda 
could mentally substitute Ed for Patrick Swazee. He cautioned Ed 
that much of the success of this effort had to do with whether or 
not he did anything to make Linda feel guilty. If they would like 
to try it, Dax would be happy to help them. He went on to say 
that it would probably take a good deal of convincing on Ed's 
part to get Linda to agree. Instead of visiting the house, Dax 
wanted to know what interests they had that would enable him to 
meet them socially. He singed off and waited for Ed's reply.

     The next time a signed on to the system another message was 
waiting for him. Ed indicated that he thought that Linda found 
the idea to be exciting but had some concerns about hypnosis and 
the proverbial trust factor. They didn't know Dax and were a 
little concerned about meeting him. Ed also explained that each 
Wednesday he and Linda went to a local bowling alley with several 
other duffers. They would be agreeable to meeting Dax there but 
didn't want any of their friends to know that they were meeting 
him for this purpose.

     Dax answered that he would meet them at the bowling alley 
and maintain a discrete approach to the matter. He hadn't been 
offended by their concern. It was natural, and Dax had 
encountered this skepticism almost every time he approached such 
a situation like this. He made plans to meet with Ed and Linda 
and felt confident that he would be able to help them in one 
fashion or other. Each time Dax got involved in a situation such 
as this was erotic for him. It brought back so many exciting 
memories.

     Wednesday had arrived, and the work day had come to an end. 
Dax stood at his mirror combing his hair and straightening his 
shirt collar. Assured that everything looked presentable, he got 
into the car for his short journey to the bowling alley. This was 
such a beautiful time of the year for a ride. The trees began to 
fill with green, flowers painted the scene and the fresh air 
filled his wandering mind. Pulling into the bowling alley parking 
lot, Dax reviewed the available parking spaces and selected on 
close to the door. He could always tell what kind of people 
frequented a place by the look of the parking lot. This seemed to 
be a nice bunch of folks by the type and number of cars adorning 
the lot.

     There was a nice looking mix of people in the place. 
Adjoining the bowling alley was a nicely accented lounge with 
soft rock playing. Dax perused the lanes and saw that Ed and 
Linda could have been any of seven different couples. He decided 
to take a seat and wait for direction. One couple did seem to 
snatch peeks at him more than any other. It appeared as though 
they were waiting for someone. Soon one of the males of a couple 
foursome wandered over with a towel in his hand. "Dax?" said the 
man.

     "That's me. You must be Ed. How are they rolling for you?" 
Dax inquired. While waiting for his answer, he began sizing up Ed 
and trying to figure out which of the ladies were Linda. It 
really didn't matter as both of them were lovely looking ladies.

     "I think my balls are bigger than the ones we are using. I 
bowl so badly that you have to have big balls to embarrass 
yourself by bowling in front of everyone," he laughed.

     Dax assured him that he had plenty of company and that his 
main claim to fame had never been bowling either. After some 
additional small talk, Ed invited Dax over to meet Linda and 
their friends.

     Amenities having been exchanged with Linda, Karen and Joe, 
Ed explained that Dax was a computer friend that they had met on 
the computer bulletin board and they were going to have a drink 
and discuss some of their computer ideas. He asked Karen and Joe 
to join them.

     Dax took a spectator's position and watched as the bowlers 
plied their hobby. It was Linda's turn to toss the ball. Not 
being an expert, Dax watched Linda make her initial approach. It 
soon dawned on him that her approach was not what interested him. 
Linda was about 5'5" tall and about 125 pounds of lovliness. As 
Linda picked up her ball from the return, she grasped it in both 
hands in front of her. This movement provided the loveliest view 
of her cleavage; soft white breasts with a healthy texture that 
captured the attention of most men in the area. 

     His eyes were then drawn like magnets to her wonderfully 
shaped buttocks. He slacks provided cover but left very little to 
the imagination. They were so perfectly lifted and separated, and 
they danced so artistically as she made the short trip to release 
her ball. He thought that he might just have to take up this game 
on a regular basis just to return to this lovely view.

     After the four bowlers had sufficiently tired themselves 
with their less-than-300 game, they stowed their equipment and 
headed for the lounge. Having been seated and drinks ordered, Dax 
explained that he was a sociologist, worked with behavior 
modification and came to find that he and Ed shared many common 
interests about computers. Shortly thereafter, Karen and Joe 
excused themselves so that they could pick up their son at 
baseball practice.

     Linda, Ed and Dax all seemed to offer a sigh of relief as 
the couple left. Additional drinks were ordered and the 
conversation continued. Ed began to offer apologies for his 
comments to their friends, but Dax stopped him with a raised 
hand. "There's no need to apologize. This is your business, and 
if I don't understand, I don't have any business being here. My 
interest is in seeing you both learn to enjoy life and one 
another more. I get off on it. Some people collect stamps. I 
collect happy people. It's erotic as well as meaningful," Dax 
smiled.

     "I hope that's not all you get off on," Linda offered with 
her own smile. She appeared to be somewhat attracted to Dax as 
well. Dax felt several times as though she had been stealing 
glances at him, but he couldn't figure if it was that she was 
concerned about him being there or happy that he was.

     "No Linda, not at all. I'm just as normal as the next guy, 
but I'm sure there would be people that would disagree with me on 
that. If you don't mind, I would like to be candid with you from 
the beginning. Am I correct in assuming that you are both 
interested in improving both your relaxation techniques and your 
sex lives?" Dax asked as he casually raised his eyebrows.

     Having received a nod from them both, Dax went on. "The mind 
determines what happens and how it is perceived. The reason that 
we get sexually excited is that the mind sends messages from the 
brain to various parts of the body. In a man's case, blood is 
sent to the penis, it fills, expands and becomes rigid. Very much 
the same thing occurs when a woman becomes excited mentally. Once 
again, our brain tells our system to increase the blood flow to 
the extremities. The breasts, nipples and buttocks become more 
sensitive as the nerves are exposed because of an increased 
pressure of the blood supply. Mucous membranes are squeezed by 
the blood flow which provides lubrication to the vagina. The 
inner and outer lips of the vulva expand and become heavy.

     "Our mind makes these things happen. Much of it has to do 
with what we have programmed ourselves to consider sexy. That is 
why we refer to men as tit men, ass men, leg men and the like. 
Smell provides a real turn on for some people. Some folks are 
excited visually, while others can only be turned on by touch. 
Again, the mind is doing these things for us and to us. As time 
goes by, many people require additional or different stimuli to 
provide excitement. You've heard the expression, 'variety is the 
spice of life,' I am sure. That is what the expression refers to. 

     "Almost all of society has their secret turn-ons. Many don't 
speak of them, but most have them. My wife, for instance, never 
demonstrated much interest in anything other than infrequent 
missionary style sex. She tried to please of course, but sex was 
not very exciting for her. She never mentioned fantasies. I took 
for granted that she didn't, until one day she said something 
that led me to believe that she had. I questioned her about it. 
Too immediately she denied that she ever thought of anyone but 
me. After additional prompting, she admitted that she may have 
had fantasies but didn't have the courage to share them because 
it wasn't normal for a "good wife" to think of anyone sexually 
but her husband.

     "This conversation occurred while we were in bed. As I was 
able to pry more out of her, she noticed that I was not getting 
angry. In fact, I was getting aroused; more aroused than she had 
seen me in quite some time. Before the night was over we had made 
love three times and climaxed with more pleasure than we ever 
had. After that, fantasy had a place in our hearts and in our 
pants. Sex had become better and more meaningful. I guess that's 
one of the reasons that we are still together and enjoy one 
another so much sexually. I was able to assure her that jealousy 
had no strength or place in our relationship so long as emotion 
wasn't diverted from each other. I would be jealous if I believed 
that she loved someone more than me, but it only served to excite 
me to think of her making it with someone else," Dax concluded.

     Linda seemed to be amazed at Dax's honesty in explaining how 
he perceived fantasy and jealousy. "Have you or your wife ever 
made love to someone else Dax?" she inquired.

     With a slight smile begin to curl on his lips, Dax remarked, 
"On several occasions we have experimented. Jealousy did occur 
the first time for both of us. Fortunately, our juices took over 
and the situation was so hot, a wonderful balance resulted. 
Afterward, when we discussed it, our discussion just made us more 
excited. We were left with a better understanding of our own 
jealousy. Once I realized that although it turned her on she was 
also doing it for me, my jealousy went away and what was left was 
pure excitement."

     "Quite honestly, you have captured my interest," Linda said. 
"Would you be interested in trying to help us achieve some of the 
things that hypnosis has to offer?"

     "If you are both not just interested to try it but hungry to 
master it, I'd be happy to help you. This isn't something that 
you put a halfhearted effort into. You should commit to submit 
your mind to it and attempt to practice periodically to improve 
you own ability. When would you like to start?" Dax asked.

     Linda looked at Ed for approval and direction. Seeing no 
objection, she said, "well it's not too late now if you wouldn't 
mind following us to our place. It's only about a mile and a half 
down the road, and it's in the direction you'd be traveling."

     Dax looked at his watch and agreed to follow them to their 
home. He asked them to think about what they would like to 
experiment on while they were driving back to the house. They 
gathered their equipment, left a tip on the table and began the 
short trip to their home. Dax followed, pleased that he had been 
able to give them some initial good direction about hypnosis.

     The trip was indeed short, and soon they had arrived at 
their destination. Linda and Ed lived in a lovely neighborhood. 
Their house and grounds were well maintained. The inside of the 
house was furnished in a lovely fashion. Dax thought to himself 
how proud he was that he had read these people correctly. They 
seemed to be a very nice, average couple with their heads screwed 
on right. After they were settled and Linda had prepared drinks 
and some snacks, Dax asked, "did you discuss what you would like 
to work on with hypnosis?"

     Ed began, "we did talk about it a little Dax. Linda and I 
think that you may have something there with the jealousy theory 
of yours. Both of us are willing to try making it with someone 
else. We have agreed that it either of us develops a problem with 
it we will stop and scrap the idea. Nothing ventured; nothing 
gained. We believe that we are mature enough and love each other 
enough that we can overcome it." Linda illustrated her agreement 
by nodding her head, but she said nothing.

     Dax, in turn, placed each of them into deep hypnosis. They 
were both excellent subjects. Much of it had to do with Dax's 
explanation of what would occur and their commitment to their  
submission. He gave them each post hypnotic suggestions that 
would enable them to enter a deep trance state each time Dax 
snapped his fingers twice while looking them in the eyes. 

     Through the use of additional suggestions Dax established 
that in Ed's eyes Linda would become Kim Bassinger and in Linda's 
eyes Ed would be Patrick Swazee. They would both be extremely 
horny. They also did not have to waste time with amenities. He 
increased their sensitivity, increased the intensity and length 
of their respective climax and ended by giving them the 
instructions on how and when they would wake up.  Additionally, 
Dax would not be visible to them. Both were woken and Dax 
retreated to a chair in the corner of the room to observe.

     Ed sat there looking in awe at Linda. She was just as 
captured by Ed. They both stood and immediately began removing 
one another's clothing. Dax felt like a voyeur, but it was very 
exciting. Linda was a knock-out and he could feel his cock begin 
to lengthen. It was like watching his own personal porn film with 
the added excitement that he helped write the script. He watched 
as Ed's hands went to Linda's heavy, naked breasts. Ed's eyes 
gradually lowered to view this lovely spectacle. He tweaked her 
lovely hardening nipples and filled his hands with tit flesh.

     Linda moved her hands to Ed's now-naked buttocks and 
squeezed as she offered her hot lips to him. His thick penis 
began its upward climb to erection leaving a slight trail of 
seminal fluid on Linda's baby blue panties. As his hands sneaked 
inside the waist band of her panties and he filled his hands with 
her ample ass cheeks, a deep moan escaped her lips into his hot 
mouth. Dax watched as Linda's buttocks were exposed to his view. 
His rod was now rock hard and straining for a volcanic release. 
Linda's full buttocks were pressed together and separated 
intermittently. Dax could see the deep crevice of her ass and the 
dark patch of cunt hair. The smell of lust filled his nostrils 
and increased his own excitement.

     Soon Linda dropped to her knees and placed Ed's extended 
meat gently into her mouth. Ed squeezed his ass tight as he 
pushed forward to gain depth. Linda lifted his balls and massaged 
them gently as her wet mouth surrounded his straining cock. Each 
time he pulled slightly out of her mouth, Dax was able to see the 
residue of her saliva coating his huge penis; preparing it for 
its trip into the depths of her slippery and swollen pussy lips. 
Never had Dax seen such an erotic sight. He almost felt part of 
the action, and his hand began to massage the grand lump in his 
own pants.

     Gently, Ed lifted Linda into his arms and headed for the 
couch. He lower her as her breasts swayed like oceans of heavy 
fluid contained only by the shores of flesh that surrounded them. 
He nipples were hard and extended. The tight nipple flesh pulled 
hard at the ample breast which surrounded each. After settled in 
a reclining position, Linda felt her legs being separated by Ed's 
strong hands. The muff of cunt hair which encircled her deep 
honey pot separated to frame a slick pink gully. Dax watched as 
her love cream seeped out of her hole and ran down into the deep, 
warm crack of her ass to bathe her tight, quivering  ass hole.

     Ed's lips began at the knee on the inside of Linda's thigh. 
Never was he this hot. His normally thick cock was as rigid as an 
iron bar and felt like lead. It became to hard that he could feel 
his hairy balls squeezed tightly against his body. His lips 
continued to more painting Linda's inner thigh with hot saliva. 
Closer and closer they came to her gaping hole tunnel. The 
fragrance of her wet sex visited his senses and made him tingle 
with added excitement. Linda could feel his slightly rough face 
teasing its way toward the magnet of her dripping, hair-covered 
pussy lips. His hands continued to test the weight of her 
jiggling tits. Each time the palms of his hands brushed her tight 
nipples it sent waves of excitement to her straining clitoris.

     On his nose he could feel the moist hair which covered her 
quivering cunt. Reaching from behind, spreading her tight 
buttocks, Ed used his fingers to spread the lips of her love 
tunnel. Ever so gently he pressed his hard tongue into her fuck 
pit. Dax removed his hand from his laboring penis, concerned that 
it would ejaculate prior to their completion. His eyes remained 
glued to the hot action. Linda was hotter than she had ever 
remembered being. She swallowed Ed's expanded cock and drove it 
into the depths of her throat with his 5'11", 155 pound frame. 
She could feel Ed's hairy balls rest on her chin as she filled 
her hands with his buttocks and pulled him yet harder toward her. 
Grinding her slick pussy into his gaping mouth, she could feel 
the weight of her breasts as they bounced in the air and tingled 
her rubbery nipples.

     Ed broke the lock that they had placed their convulsing 
bodies in. Turning her on her knees to present her taunt buttocks 
to his gaze and aim, Ed leaned her soft breasts against the couch 
and filled his hand with his own thick organ. Stroking it several 
times to bring it to yet new length, Ed placed the spear-like tip 
at the door of her womanhood. Linda couldn't help herself as she 
pressed backward trying to prematurely swallow his member with 
her hairy, dripping sheath. Ed soon rewarded her as he smeared 
love juices over the tip of his meat and began pressing its 
length into the depths of her hole. Deeper and deeper it 
traveled. What a vision! He could see the thick cock pole slip 
effortlessly into the dark canyon of wet heat. As he withdrew, Ed 
could see the evidence of her own juices glistening on his bone.

     Dax watched as the strokes increased in intensity, speed and 
depth. The sound of Ed's thighs smacking against Linda's firm ass 
was music to his ears. Dax could see Linda's ass wiggle as she 
screwed it back to receive Ed's advances. Her breasts jiggled so 
voluptuously that Dax's fuck bone almost went off without him 
touching it. His gaze traveled to Linda's face. The look on her 
face was a combination of angel and demon. Her earthy grunts gave 
him new reason to maintain erection. He loved the sound of 
pleasure, and there was no doubt that Linda had never felt so 
much unadulterated bliss. She was bucking wildly as the 
unrelenting cock drove deep into her cavernous pussy.

     The fever pitch that they had attained was soon met with the 
ecstasy they sought. Linda was screaming, "fuck that deep cunt 
Patrick. Fuck my hole with your hot meat and pour your cum into 
my guts." She was indeed being made love to by Patrick Swazee. He 
wanted her and he was taking her.

     "You feel so damn wonderful Kim. Take my bone in your hole 
and don't let go. I want to pump my cock in to you until it falls 
off," Ed responded. His cock was in Kim Bassinger's tight pussy 
and his hands were squeezing her rubbery ass cheeks. All at once, 
Ed through his head back and began a series of low grunts as he 
pumped his cream into Linda's pounding body. As if playing her 
part in an orchestra, Linda buried the top of her head into the 
couch and tossed her cunt up toward Ed driving bone. "Yes, Yes, 
Yes, Harder, Harder, Now, Now, Ohhhhhh!" she screamed.

     Soon they were spent and laying together in a half sleep. 
They were too tired to move or didn't care to. Dax placed them 
both into another trance. He gave them post hypnotic suggestions 
that they would wake up feeling wonderful, well-rested and 
remember everything that occurred during the love making 
experience at the count of three.

     "One, two, three; awaken feeling wonderful and sexy," Dax 
said as he clapped his hands loudly. They both opened their eyes 
slowly. Their faces were graced with the most wonderful smile, 
but each of them appeared to have experienced some embarrassment. 
Dax couldn't quite tell whether it was guilt or not. "How do you 
feel?:

     Linda began with a smile, "I feel like a truck hit me - but 
right in the correct place. It was a truck I have wanted to be 
hit by for a long time. I can't really believe that Patrick 
Swazee made love to me." She soon noticed that she hadn't a 
stitch of clothes on. As Dax saw her concern, he offered an 
afghan for her to cover up.

     "I don't think I have ever had a hotter experience. I was 
convinced that Linda was Kim Bassinger. No -- Kim Bassinger can 
not be that good. This is unbelievable. I can't wait to start 
again. Thank you Dax," Ed said meaningfully.

     "There's no need to thank me. I was just the facilitator. 
You and Linda made it all happen. The next time we get together, 
I want to teach you both how to be anyone you want, with anyone 
you want, wherever you want to be and as long as you want to be 
there," Dax said. "Now I have a little drive ahead of me, and I 
must to going. Beat's the hell out of bowling, doesn't it? Sit 
tight. I'll show myself out. Leave me a message on the computer 
and let me know is you have any suggestions on how to improve the 
process."

     Dax wasn't out the door before Ed and Linda were deeply 
involved in their own new experiment. Dax couldn't get home 
quickly enough so he could take care of his own hard business. On 
the trip home his mind wandered to pat himself on the back for 
another success story. These two were one of the hottest couples 
he had ever helped. It didn't do him any harm either.
 
                                                   #

                          CHAPTER EIGHT

     "You are now more deeply asleep than you have ever been. 
Your body is weightless and seems to float among the clouds. You 
can't feel your arms or legs. All tension has bled from your 
muscles, and you are at complete peace. You are traveling down an 
escalator. As the moments pass, you are going deeper and deeper 
into a warm and satisfying trance. You feel more safe and 
comfortable than you ever have.

     "Am I correct when I say that you are interested in mentally 
living through a fantasy as a spy in Russia?" Dax inquired of his 
subject Fannie.

     "Yesss. I want to live my fantasy of being a sexy fem fatale 
sent into Russia to extract secrets from a Russian munitions 
scientist. I want it to be the sexiest and more exciting 
experience of my life," Fannie explained in a slow, far-away 
voice.

     Dax continued, "You have been sent to Russia under the 
pretense of developing trade between the U.S.A. and the Soviet 
Union. You work for World Trade Developers in Moscow. You are the 
sexiest woman in the city. You have been moving in the upper 
crust society of the Soviet Union in an effort to promote 
products for the United States and surreptitiously obtain the 
plans for a powerful laser weapon for your government. 

     "You are at a cocktail party sponsored by the Kremlin to 
enhance new markets of world trade. Around you are hundreds of 
people, many of which you are sure work for the K.G.B. You have 
to be careful. If your cover is blown, you will have your own 
personal tour of Siberia.

     "You have just met Aleksei Vladimirovich a week ago, a 
superior looking young man of thirty-five years of age. You are 
hoping that you will see him at this party. The intelligence 
network assures you that Vladimirovich has top security 
clearance, and the plans for the laser weapon are at his flat. 

     "Alex, as you affectionately refer to him, is very well 
built, 6'4", 210 pounds, works out every day and has a face that 
looks like it was chiseled out of marble. His hair is blond and 
his eyes are a deep azure blue. He showed a great deal of 
interest in you last week when you were at his office on another 
matter. You can imagine the size of his cock by the lovely bulge 
resting in his trousers, and you are grateful for the opportunity 
to work on this project.

     "You glide through the room in your well-fitted sapphire 
blue dress. Your long brown hair beautifully frames your lovely 
face and cool green eyes. It clings to your 5'9" frame, accenting 
your lovely breasts and rolling buttocks. Every person's eyes are 
on you, and each step you take excites you more. You are casually 
looking for Alex as you enjoy the attention that both men and 
women are showering you with. Your eye catches a glimpse of him 
standing on the other side of the room speaking with a beautiful 
young Russian girl. Your heart sinks to think that your plans may 
be delayed by this union.

     "Jorgi, a chemical engineer for one of the companies you 
have been dealing with, asks you to dance. Your hauntingly green 
eyes remain glued to Alex and his conversation partner as you 
agree to dance with Jorgi. If he is not a strong dance leader, 
you may be able to sway him closer to Alex to overhear his 
conversation. Jorgi is a strong young man with more than a casual 
interest in you. It feels good to be in his arms and feel his 
body against yours. You can feel yourself responding to the 
excitement you feel from him as your bodies move more closely 
together with the soft music. 

     "Jorgi holds your lovely 40" breasts close to his chest with 
his hot hand at the curve of your soft 36" hips. Gradually his 
left leg moves between your legs to feel the heat of your 
womanhood. All the while you are moving closer to Alex with ease, 
as Jorgi's mind is preoccupied with the feel of your soft 
yielding body. You can feel new strength and size as Jorgi's 
growing, climbing staff kisses your leg in its travels upward. 
You are finding it increasingly more difficult to concentrate on 
Alex's conversation. Jorgi's stiff penis is not shy. It has 
become a hard wad of male meat nestled in your tightening belly.

     "Your concentration holds; you are a professional, and you 
are encouraged that your ability to control is increasing. The 
music ends, and Jorgi doesn't seem to want to let go of you. He 
asks if he can call you from time to time in his broken, but sexy 
English. You assure him that it would be wonderful to hear from 
him and notice that Alex is looking at you. You try not to give 
Jorgi the 'bum's rush' but can't take the chance of Alex 
directing his attention elsewhere. 'Excuse me,' you direct to 
Jorgi, 'I have to speak with Alex. Please do call, I'd love to 
see you again' as you walk casually toward Alex.

     "A server walks by with a tray of champagne and offers a 
glass. You take the drink as a prop and find that you are a bit 
thirsty. Suddenly the glass is empty. 'Has champagne glass with 
hole in it for you?' Alex queried with his version of English.

     "You offer your best seductive smile as you respond, 'I 
suppose the warmth of the night has joined hands with the majesty 
of your lovely country to dry out the old pipes.' Alex looks at 
you with confusion about what your answer means. 'Yes,' you 
simplify, 'I was very thirsty. The glass was with hole in it for 
me,' you smile.

     "Now, at the count of three, you will wake up and be with 
Alex in his car. He has graciously offered to escort you to your 
hotel room. You will try to convince him that it would be better 
to go elsewhere. You must get into his flat. When he snaps his 
fingers once, you will be alone with him in his flat.

     "You are beginning to feel even more sexy than you ever have 
before. Your senses are heightened, and every touch will send 
waves of sensuous excitement through your body. You know that you 
must give Alex more pleasure than he has known in order to escape 
with the secrets you have come for. If Alex puts his tongue in 
the crook of your neck and his penis is inside your body, you 
will feel his cock grow inside of you. It will expand to a full 
ten inches in length, stretching the walls of your hot cunt, and 
two and a half inches in girth pressing the sensitive lips of 
your womanhood outward. Each time his tongue enters your body, 
you will have a small climax. You can have hundreds of orgasms. 
When he holds your face in his hands, looks into your eyes and 
kisses you on the forehead, you will fall back into a deep sleep 
but you will remember everything when you do wake up. Do you 
understand?"

     "Yes, I understand," she said in the far-away voice of the 
sleeping.

     Dax began, "One, two, three. Wake up feeling sexier than you 
ever have before. You are hot and mysterious and bursting with 
excitement."

     "Alex, it was good of you to offer to take me home, but 
there are so many people at my hotel that will tease me if I show 
up with you. You know how cruel fellow workers can be. Would you 
mind if we went someplace else instead?" Fannie asked pleadingly 
with her cleavage giving yet additional messages.

     "You would want for to go to Aleksei's flat? I have 
wonderful musik and compelling wine. We will get knowing each 
another more best. And crowds make uncomfortable most for me 
also," Alex commented in his sexiest Russian and accented voice 
as his hand rested provocatively on Fannie's upper thigh.

     "That'd be great Alex. It's early and we have the whole 
night to get to know each other better. Drive on," Fannie 
suggested with a hungry smile."

     "Alex" snapped his fingers and they were in his flat. "I 
will put musik to play and get blood of grape for I and you," Dax 
played the part with no little relish. "Make comfortable and 
relax yourself." Fannie's eyes began photographing the room, not 
forgetting that in addition to her building lust, she must find 
the plans for the laser weapon.

     Fannie watched Dax's muscles ripple as he walked across the 
room. He felt her eyes glued to him everywhere he walked. Dax 
knew that his body was merely average and that Fannie didn't see 
it as average. He knew that with her mind she was able to make 
"Alex" look anyway that she wanted him to look. She would 
obviously make him look great. Her libido was working overtime, 
and the heat developing in the center of loins only served to 
improve the situation. Dax's cock began to tingle, and he 
developed a heaviness in his groin that would require release 
before too long.

     Fannie soon began to tingle all over her throbbing body. The 
excitement of what she hoped would soon happen sent shivers 
through her beautiful body. Dax left the room, went down the hall 
and returned in a pair of sweat pants and sweat shirt with the 
sleeves removed. There was some writing on the shirt, but she 
couldn't figure out what it said. The music began to play softly 
as he returned with a tray of wine with two glasses. The cork was 
removed, and he poured two half glasses; seating himself next to 
Fannie, he offered a glass to her extended hand.

     With little time having passed, the empty glasses found 
their respective place on the huge, glass-topped cocktail table 
and Fannie found herself in Alex's arms. She offered her lips to 
his hungry mouth, and the tingling increased dramatically. Her 
fingers and hands painted his arms and chest with a fervor as her 
lust continued to build. Shivers drove through her as his fingers 
began to release the buttons to her "sapphire blue dress." She 
felt the material tease her soft shoulders and back as it was 
slowly drawn over her skin. With a snap maneuver that surprised 
her, her bra fell away in one motion exposing her undulating 
breasts and erect nipples to Alex's gaze and touch. The heat in 
her brain became almost unbearable. 'Fuck, Fuck, Fuck' were the 
only words repeated in her mind.

     She began envisioning the muscles of his strong ass flexing 
as he drove his bone deep into her wet sheath. She imagined the 
hair surrounding his erect staff mingling with her own pubic 
garden as the rain of the combined love juices served to slicken 
their journey to eruption. She could see the tip of his engorged 
fuck tool, glowing with her pussy juice; a huge purple knob 
resting atop a thick, rigid pole adorned with bulging veins 
feeding the strength and length of his hardness. She could feel 
the weight of his hairy balls on her tight anal button, 
glistening with the milk of her natural lubrication. She could 
see the hair lying deep and low in the crack between her wiggling 
buttocks; wet and clinging as he drove his cock meat into the 
center of her being.

     As Dax moved his hands to and from heaving tits, rigid 
nipples, glistening buttocks and wet cavern, his mind also 
embellished the moments and searched for erotic sights, sounds 
and smells. He could imagine her hands gently cradling his hairy 
cum nuts. He could feel her lips begin to move on his throbbing, 
straining penis. First she teased; soon she devoured his broad 
column.

     The time for imagining was gone. Dax ran his tongue from one 
nipple to another circling each and gently nipping at each. Down 
between the cleft of her wiggling titties his tongue traveled. 
Down her stomach the wet tongue set fires until it rested in her 
panting navel. His teeth bared themselves and bit at her hip 
bones sending new shivers up and down her spine as his hands 
filled with the fleshy meat of her tight buttocks. Closer and 
closer his mouth moved toward her feminine, and fragrant hole.

     Bang! Dax's tongue entered Fannie's love tunnel and she 
began to quiver in climax. She had never felt anything quite like 
this. It wasn't a roaring, earth-shaking orgasm. It was as if she 
had been plugged into and electrical outlet. She could feel 
electric shocks traveling between her pussy, her ass hole and her 
marble-hard nipples and back again. It came again, and again, and 
again. She became dizzy and drove her fuck box against Dax's 
intruding face. After the first few jolts, Fannie began trying to 
count the eruptions to herself. 'One, two, three, four, fiiiive, 
holy shit, that was a great one, six, seven, eiggggg, Oh fuck, 
can it get better than this?' Fannie wondered. 

     Dax withdrew his tongue and turned her over. His tongue 
moved slowly up the back of her thighs, nipping at the taunt back 
of her knees. Painting the back of her thighs with his saliva, 
Dax soon drove his tongue into the crack of her ass. Fannie threw 
her ass up in the air, and Dax's tongue drove deep into her cunt 
hole once again. Bang! Another electric shock fired through her 
wiggling frame. Teasing it's way up Fannie's back, Dax's tongue 
played on her shoulder blades and dipped into her glistening arm 
pits. She could now feel his hard meat resting in the gully 
between the balls of her ass cheeks. She knew she needed that 
bone deep in her guts.

     Now Fannie took the offensive. Pushing Dax over to lie on 
his back, she was on him with hands and tongue. Licking his 
swollen balls, she saw his huge staff grow again. Her hand 
stroked his love pole, and she saw the fluid begin to come to the 
tip of his lust weapon. Her hungry eyes danced from rippling 
belly, to hairy chest, to the purple tip of his spear. In one 
motion his cock was driven deep into her throat. It was stopped 
when it met resistance from the throat muscles, but only briefly. 
Given the chance to adjust, her throat opened even further, and 
the cock finished its journey and was embedded deep in her 
throat. She had taken it all, and her lips rested in his wiry 
public hair. Driving it in and out gave Dax a wonderful sensation 
as the head of his cock was systematically squeezed and released 
by the involuntary muscles of her throat. He would soon cum if he 
didn't stop now, and he wanted to squirt his load into Fannie's 
hot pussy.

     Turning her over in one quick motion, Dax spread her legs to 
expose her soaked honey pot. Resting on his knees, he lowered his 
face once again to her pit. Bang! The shock provided yet 
additional orgasms. She drove her hot pussy against his face like 
a crazed animal, grunting and crying, "Oh fuck, fuck me, fuck my 
deep hole, spread my hairy cunt and fuck it deep. Shove your 
great cum stick into my quim and dump your hot load."

     "No! I want to see you play with your body. I want to see 
you fuck yourself and pinch your hard nipples. I want to see you 
finger fuck your hole and cum for me," Dax insisted.

     "Don't make me wait, Alex. I need your cock in my hole. I 
need you to squeeze my ass cheeks as you drive your thick cock 
into my pussy. Please!" Fannie begged.

     "Do it baby! Show me your beautiful titties. Pinch your 
rock-hard nipples. Dig in your hole with your hand and show me 
how you are going to cum hard for me. Show me how much you want 
my bone in your hole," Dax demanded as she began to moan and 
comply with his demands.

     Fannie filled her hands with her own heavy, yet firm breasts 
and squeezed hard. Filling her hands with tit flesh, she offered 
her raised and tight nipples to Dax's glance. Sliding her hands 
toward the center of each breast, she grabbed each nipple between 
forefinger and thumb and began to pinch and roll the puckered 
nipple flesh. This sent waves of additional excitement through 
her lust-racked body. 

     Her hips began to bounce on the bed as if there was an 
imaginary cock driving deep inside of her. Releasing one ripe 
nipple, her hand traveled down her stomach, pressing as it went 
to delve into her waiting, wet bush. Nervous fingers separate the 
lips of her cunt hole to cover them with the slick juice of her 
desire. Dax watched as her glistening fingers moved to her love 
button, pinching and pulling she was forced to grunt deeply and 
begin shaking her breast with her other hand. 

     Releasing her clit, her middle finger slipped effortlessly 
into her wet cunt. She began pumping this single digit in and 
out. Soon a second finger was introduced to the hot cavern, and 
then a third. Deeper and deeper she drove her hand into her 
steaming cunt. She released her other breast and used the other 
hand to help pump her womanhood and furiously rub her clit. As 
both hands were centered mindlessly on her loins, her breasts 
were squeezed together as two huge mounds of shaking flesh 
adorned by hot pink nipples reaching for the ceiling. Dax's hand 
continued to slowly stroke his organ as he watched Fannie 
pounding her pussy deeply. He was positioned between her 
outstretched legs and she was beginning to climax. Her beautiful 
face tightened as her lips were pulled taunt across it. Her eyes 
were closed tightly, leaving wrinkles to frame them. The tendons 
in her neck rose as if straining to keep her head on her 
shoulders. Her head twisted back and forth, from side to side.

     Reaching toward her, Dax grabbed her wet hands and placed 
them against his lips. He tasted this woman and smelled the 
fragrance of her orgasm. If only he could bottle this scent! 
Moving to one side of her, Dax rolled her over. He began 
massaging the muscles of her back to reduce the tension she had 
built up. His hands found her rubbery ass cheeks and deeply moved 
these mounds of flesh. Fannie began to moan once again. He 
massaged the muscles of her neck and began kissing her ear lobes 
and neck. She began to stir again. 

     Dax placed one of his knees between her legs into the wet 
pit of her hot snatch and continued to rub her back. 
Ever-so-slowly, Fannie began grinding her groin into his hard 
knee and thigh. Dax pressed ahead as his eyes were blessed with 
the vision of her buttocks wrapped around his leg and the sides 
of her breasts pushed out by the pressure of the mounds resting 
on the bed.

     Turning her over once again, Dax laid next to her and kissed 
her gently on her hot lips. His lips traveled to her resting 
nipples bringing them to life again. He again placed himself 
between her legs and kissed her navel. Soon his face was resting 
over her fragrant pussy. Bang! His tongue dove into her depths 
and sent her convulsing again. Before Fannie knew what was 
happening, Dax fell forward in one motion and his dick 
effortlessly found its mark. It was deep inside of Fannie's 
grasping cunt but it remained motionless. She tried to move under 
his weight to drive the pole in and out, but Dax did not move. He 
nuzzled his nose into the crook of her neck and allowed his 
tongue to dart against her skin.

     With this move, Fannie felt something she did not know she 
could feel. "Alex" had a great cock. It must be eight inches in 
length and two inches wide. However, it was growing. She could 
feel it getting longer and spreading her cunt lips farther apart. 
She felt as if she would explode, but didn't care if she did. 
When Dax's cock has reached it's full "ten inches in length and 
two and a half inches in girth," Fannie felt completely full of 
cock. Dax now began to move this monster pole into Fannie's 
depths. Each stroke seemed to bring another climax. She didn't 
know anyone could fit this much fuck bone into a cunt no matter 
how big or lubricated it was.

     Dax continued to move his raging penis into Fannie's love 
tunnel until he could hold off now longer. He could feel the cum 
boiling in his balls. The feeling was so intense that he thought 
that he could feel the cum traveling from the bottom of his legs 
and from his very brain. He reached under Fannie and filled his 
hands with her quaking ass cheeks as his cock continued to drive 
deep into her being. Her breasts and belly were now soaked with 
his perspiration and covered with his dislodged hair as he lifted 
himself to watch his glistening penis drive into Fannie's body. 
Her grunts resembled those of an animal driven by primordial 
lust. 

     Dax's cock exploded with one wave after another. His thick 
cream came in gobs painting the walls of Fannie's greasy cunt. 
She could feel the overflow of cum  pressing out of her hole 
around his shaft, flowing down and cooling her hot ass hole. She 
continued to buck hard against Dax, pulling his thick cock into 
her with her heals pounding his flexing ass muscles.

     Fannie's explosion was so intense that she either passed out 
or lost her sight for a short time. She could see nothing with 
her eyes, but the vision of Dax's hard driving cock was burned 
into her mind's eye. As her ecstasy subsided, she laid there and 
continued to feel tingling throughout her spent body. Dax 
couldn't or did not want to move.

     He was almost asleep when he sensed Fannie moving about the 
room. 'Shit! He thought to himself. She is probably trying to 
find the plans. I better not let this go any farther. "Fannie! 
Did you need something?" Dax inquired.

     "No Alex. I was just looking for a towel," she responded as 
she returned to the side of the bed.

     "Sit here next to me for a moment," Dax requested patting 
the bed next to him. She sat but looked a bit nervous. Dax placed 
his hands on either side of her face, looked into her eyes and 
kissed her on the forehead. Fannie melted back onto the bed and 
fell into a deep sleep once again. "You have found the plans 
while Alex was sleeping, dressed and slipped out of the flat 
without being detected. You are now safely away, back in your own 
country, feeling wonderful and well rested. When I snap my 
fingers you will begin to wake up slowly and remember everything 
that happened. Do you understand?"

     Again, the far away response of "yes" came from her lips. 
She was lovely laying there on the bed. Dax was reluctant to wake 
her up because she looked so peaceful and angelic.

     Time was getting late, and Dax knew that Fannie would want 
to get tidied up. Snapping his fingers, Dax said gently, "wake up 
now feeling refreshed and comfortable. Fannie opened her eyes 
slowly and allowed her glance to travel the room. Her glance 
finally rested on Dax at the side of the bed.

     "That was absolutely the most exciting time I've spent in my 
thirty-two years on this planet. I have never been that hot, and 
I know I never came that many times in a month. Thank you so much 
for teaching me a great deal about myself and my own sexuality 
Dax. Promise me we will take other trips together," she pleaded.

     "Trips are my specialty Fannie. If you have the gas, I can 
drive. I enjoyed it more than I can say. Jorgi did feel a little 
left out. Maybe you'll have a chance to spend some time with him 
in the future. I plan to teach you how to accomplish that with or 
without me. But that'll be another story," Dax concluded with a 
smile.
                                                                                                                                               #

                     CHAPTER NINE - HYPNOSEX

     It was Sunday evening, and Dax was tripping through the 
channels with his trusty remote. Low and behold, Captain James T.  
Kirk of the Starship Enterpise was listening to Bones explaining 
that he was a doctor and not a miracle worker. Spock was 
sharpening his ears to deal with the next catastrophe, and it 
dawned on Dax that one of his computer correspondent pals was a 
Sci Fi aficionado.

     Dax had the opportunity to communicate frequently with her 
over the phone lines, through the computer, but had never met 
her. Her computer handle was Star; not an uncommon name for a Sci 
Fi buff. He had seen a photo of her, that he downloaded in what 
is referred to as a GIF format; a digitized representation of a 
photo that has been scanned into a computer. The photo was, as 
she suggested, somewhat old, but all of the same characteristics 
must still be present. She was an exciting-looking woman sporting 
shoulder length brown hair, a lovely smile, large breasts and a 
well-defined waist. Her wit assured Dax that she was someone that 
he would enjoy being with.

     She had indicated some interest in hypnosis, but said that 
it had been tried before with her to no avail. Further, she 
shared that she had a very vivid imagination and did love sex a 
great deal. Her main interest was in satisfying her partner. 
"Would you be willing to have me try working with you one day to 
determine if you have the ability to go into a trance?" Dax asked 
during one of their frequent conversations.

     "Well, I think we have gotten to know one another well 
enough. I wouldn't be opposed to it, but I really don't think 
that it will do any good. Do you think thursday will be good for 
you," she asked.

     "I don't think I have anything pressing. I'll double check 
and leave a message for you on the system. Just leave your 
address and the time you want me to show up. If there's a 
problem, I'll let you know, and we can make it another time," Dax 
urged.

     Star's mind began to question. 'Wouldn't it be great to make 
love in a space ship? I wonder what kind of a guy this Dax really 
is? Could I really be hypnotized? I wonder how it would feel that 
have a Romulan's thick cock inside of me? Does a Romulan have a 
cock?' The questions continued to flow with no distinct result in 
mind. The thought of it, none-the-less was making her horny. She 
hoped that thursday would bring some interesting answers.

     Dax returned home from the office and turned on his 
computer. In only seconds he was on line with the bulletin board 
system and found that there was a message for him. His eyes lit 
up when he saw that Star had left him the information about her 
address, general directions and the time of eight o'clock. He 
immediately keyed in the information advising her that the date 
and time were fine, and that he would be happy to be there.

     Method would be the difficulty. Dax knew that if Star was 
intelligent and had a vivid imagination, she should be very 
susceptible to hypnosis. Her problem was likely that no one took 
enough time to relax her sufficiently to allow the suggestions to 
do their work. Dax had devised a method that had worked several 
times in the past and would introduce Star to it when they met.

     Thursday arrived and Dax started to drive over to Star's 
house. He was about fifteen minutes early so he decided to just 
ride about the neighborhood. At 8:00 o'clock he drew together the 
courage to approach Star's door. After a brief wait and after the 
knock on the door, it opened to reveal a lovely woman with a warm 
smile and a look of slight apprehension. "Dax?" she asked, 
wondering if this could be her previously unseen friend. A 
wordless smile assured her that this was indeed Dax, and she 
invited him to enter. "Please made yourself comfortable, Dax. I 
thought I would get us a drink. Would you like a glass of white 
wine?, she queried.

     "That'd be great Star; but please don't go to any trouble," 
Dax pleaded in his best manner. He walked into the living room 
and settled in what appeared to be a comfortable chair. Soon Star 
returned with a tray bearing a bottle of chilled wine, a cork 
screw and two stemmed glasses. He couldn't help but to notice her 
warm body as it swayed into the room. She appealed to him in 
several respects. He already knew that she had a pleasant enough 
personality, and now he saw that she was also physically 
appealing. "Would you like to begin right away, Star?" he asked.

     "Whenever you're ready, Dax," she responded. Dax asked her 
to pour herself a glass of wine and have a seat in a comfortable 
chair. She did so and selected a chair close to Dax. She sipped 
on the wine and leaned back to become comfortable. Dax slowly 
took her through a series of relaxation exercises and noticed 
that she was making fine progress. He decided to deepen the 
trance and see what happened. She was indeed imaginative and 
seemed to be a good subject. The trance was deepened once again. 
She was mentally brought down deeper and deeper by visualizing an 
escalator reaching to the depths of her mind. Dax could see the 
muscles of her body begin to relax as she sunk into the chair.

     "You are now in a deeper sleep than you have ever been 
before, Star. You are a very sensual woman, and you can feel 
yourself tingling all over. There is a warmth spreading 
throughout your lovely body, teasing your full breasts and 
painting your womanhood. It merely serves to make you more 
comfortable and relaxed. You have often shared an interest in 
Science Fiction. I am going to take you on a journey that will 
enable you to experience things that you have never felt before. 
From time to time you will perceive yourself to be in danger, but 
I stress that at no time will I allow anything to happen to you. 
If at any time you become too concerned, you may fall into a 
natural sleep and awaken slowly; unafraid and well rested. You 
are not compelled to do anything against your will. If you 
encounter anything that you are uncomfortable with, feel free to 
share that with me. Do you understand?" Dax asked. Star nodded 
slowly, and Dax continued.

     "You will become the character in this story, and you will 
see, hear and feel everything that the character does. 

     "Star finds herself in a strange land. There are colors she 
has never seen, sounds she's never heard and smells that have 
never touched her senses. There is an abundance of lovely trees 
and flowers that blend to offer her eyes the most wondrous gift. 
She can hear a waterfall close by and smell the moisture in the 
air. Her heart is racing in anticipation of what experience she 
may meet.

     "She is science officer and has just ridden a light beam to 
this strange planet's surface. Star is under orders of the 
Captain of the vessel which has brought her to this strange 
globe. She is on a mission to discover if there exists 
intelligent life on this planet. She looks about and see Maagnex, 
a citizen of Szinval. Earth and Szinval have entered into an 
alliance of joint adventure to search the galaxy for other 
potential allies in their common battle against an evil galactic 
empire. Maagnex is neither man nor woman. Szinvalites have the 
ability to self reproduce and re-generate themselves.

     "As she exchanges wary glances with her new partner, 
suddenly she sees a slow flash of bluish energy strike Maagnex 
squarely in the chest. He drops to the reddish ground, and she 
immediately pulls her ultra-sound weapon. Her eyes flash from 
colorful rock to unrecognized tree in an effort to locate the 
source of the assassin. She sees movement to the left, and 
quickly turns and trains her weapon on the area of movement. A 
scale-covered creature peeks out from behind a green rock and 
takes aim. Star's weapon is discharged, and an inhuman sound 
issues forth from behind the rock.

     "Cautiously, she approaches the spot where the sound came 
from. Her eyes fix on what appears to be a monster of regal 
proportions. He must have stood eight feet tall. He was 
completely naked and covered with reptilian scales. She believes 
that it must have been a male because of the rather large sex 
organs that resembled those of a human man. In the distance, she 
hears animal-like sounds and see several similar creature 
approaching. She is grateful that they don't look too bright. 
Quickly she returns to Maagnex and begins to usher it into what 
appears to be a cave off to your left. As she drags Maagnex into 
the cave, she feels a slight upward pull. 

     "She enters further into the cave and Maagnex soon feels 
almost weightless. Suddenly, she feels herself rising up into the 
air in the interior of the cave. Maagnex is following her. She 
settles gently onto the ceiling of the cave. She is only twenty 
feet into the cave, and she feels almost weightless. The whole 
world seems to be up side down. As she pulls Maagnex further into 
the cave, her weight seems to increase. There was never anything 
like this in her star manual. Gravity becomes reversed in this 
bizarre cave.

     "Her journey continues as she attempts to find a place where 
she can administer aid to Maagnex and notify her Captain. Soon 
she finds a small pool of water, resting comfortably in the 
ceiling of the cave. Maagnex groans, and she harbors some hope 
that it will recover sufficiently to return to the ship's medical 
staff. Its wounds are dressed to such an extent to stop the 
slight bleeding that occurred, and she reaches for her 
communication device. 'Star to Command', she hails the ship.

     "There is no answer and her concern increases that the 
reverse field that she has encountered has hampered her ability 
to reach her ship. She must return to the mouth of the cave in an 
effort to contact the ship. She decides to wait in hopes that her 
unwanted visitors outside the cave will take their fallen warrior 
and leave the area. If the crew of the ship does not hear from 
Star soon, they will surely investigate.

     "Minutes passed like lazy hours. She decides to approach the 
entrance to the cave to try again to communicate with the ship. 
Stealthily, she moves across the ceiling of the cave. She begins 
to feel more weightless again. Just as she sees the opening, she 
feels a presence and smells an odor that she can not identify. 
Her weapon is advanced before her. Instantly, her arm is in the 
cold grip of something or someone unidentifiable. The pressure on 
her wrist is so severe that her weapon floats away. In one swift, 
powerful motion she feels her suit stripped from her to expose 
her ample breasts and vacillating thighs.

     "It was one of the creatures that she had encountered upon 
arrival. Her heart pounds as she fights this frightening 
creature. His cold, scaled hands gently but menacingly reach for 
her undulating breasts and strokes her taunt buttocks wiggling 
toward freedom. Suddenly her panties disappear in one movement 
exposing a tuft of soft hair which protects her velvety pussy 
lips. Her mind is racing. This creature is trying to rape her. 
She sees his engorged, scaleless member standing in an erect 
fashion. It has increased in size and must now be twenty inches 
in length and a full four inches wide. His balls are like two 
soft coconuts, devoid of hair.

     "There is no possible way that she can survive such an 
assault. Star reaches deep within herself to muster all of her 
strength and lashes out with her foot at his huge balls. After 
the thud which sounded foreboding, she looks into his eyes to 
determine what damage is done. It appeared as though he smiled. 
Her concern turns to panic. As they floated through the air, she 
is helpless to stop his drive. His cold hand reaches into the 
crevice of her ass, and he spreads her legs with his strong 
finger-like extensions. His other hand is around her waist, and 
he draws her to him. Closer and closer his huge cock comes to her 
straining pussy. It touches the lips of her pussy, and she fights 
him away once again. Her strength is quickly subsiding, and she 
knows that only moments stand between her and agony.

     "Zap... the report of a ultra-sound weapon steals through 
the cave. Star looks into the face of her assailant to find a 
stupid, confused look which seemed to linger motionless. The 
creature relaxed and seemed to float over into the corner of the 
cavern. Star remained floating in the cave, and soon her eyes 
fell upon Captain Dax Mandrel standing at the entrance to the 
grotto. Star's relief was beyond words. 'Are you OK, Star?' asked 
Dax.

     "'Yes Captain. I've never been so glad to see anyone in my 
life; in the life I almost didn't have any more. Thank you.

     "'I've never seen a reverse gravity cave before. Is Maagnex 
in there with you?' the Captain inquired as he attempted to 
divert his eyes out of deference to Star's nakedness. 

     "'Yes Captain. I don't know what kind of shape it's in. It 
took a pretty bad shot to the chest,' she responded as she 
suddenly realized that she didn't have a stitch of clothing on.

     "The Captain explains that their is a security team outside. 
He asks them to wait so that Star will not be embarrassed. He 
enters the cave and she feels his eyes on her body as she 
modestly attempts to cover herself as well as she may with her 
hands. The Captain sees her heavy breasts floating in the air. 
Her buttocks wiggle nicely as she moves her legs in an effort to 
maintain balance. He indicates that he will need some help 
getting Maagnex to the entrance to the cave. She puts her modesty 
on the back burner and follows him to the rear of the cavern. She 
feels her weight shift as the gravity once again begins to pull 
on her breasts and buttocks. This is one of the strangest 
feelings she has ever had. It is exciting. It is equally exciting 
how the Captain looks at her body and tries to pretend not to see 
it. 

     "Star assists Captain Mandrel carry Maagnex to the entrance 
to the cavern. He indicates that she should stay well within the 
cave until he returns with a new uniform for her. He helped her 
locate her weapon and left the cavern with Maagnex into the hands 
of the security team waiting to assist.

     Dax was giving the suggestions to Star as she reclined in 
the chair, he noticed that she was becoming excited from time to 
time. She seemed to enjoy the weightless feeling that she found 
in the cave. He decided to help her capitalize on the feeling.

     "You are still in the cavern, warm but naked. You remain in 
the weightless area of the cave and are enjoying a feeling that 
you have never felt before. Your breasts are large but seem to 
float in the air. It is almost similar to swimming in the buff. 
You can feel the warm, damp air all around you; kissing your 
thighs, teasing your nipples and separating your buttocks. You 
enjoy the thought of Captain Mandrel sneaking peeks at your 
lovely body. You enjoyed the feeling when you brushed up against 
him as you assisted him removing Maagnex from the cave. You begin 
to think how it would be to make love in mid-air.

     "Almost uncontrollably, your hands reach up and caress your 
breasts and tweak you nipples as you wait for the Captain to 
return. Suspended in the air you reach behind you to feel the 
texture of your buttocks. As you cup one breast with one hand, 
the other dips into your own cave to feel its wetness. You are 
not sure whether it was the fear of the creature or the 
excitement that Captain Mandrel offered that made you as wet as 
you are. You slip one finger inside of your honey pot; then 
another and yet another. You begin to pinch and pull at your 
nipples.

     "When I snap my fingers once, you will open your eyes. You 
will be in the cavern in a weightless state. You will notice that 
the Captain has returned and has been watching you from the 
shadows. You may feel free to deal with this in any way you see 
fit. When I snap my fingers again, you will wake up completely 
and feel wonderfully rested and completely relaxed. The next time 
that I snap my fingers twice and tell you to relax, you will fall 
into a deep sleep just as you have this time. Do you understand 
all that I have told you, Star?" Dax asked.

     "Yes. I understand," Star said in an almost imperceptible 
voice.

     Dax snapped his fingers and Star opened her eyes. She jumped 
as if she were startled and immediately covered herself with her 
hands. She sheepishly looked at Dax and began searching for 
words.

     "I'm sorry Captain. It was just a strange feeling; something 
that I have never felt before. I don't usually touch myself. I 
prefer to leave that to someone else," Star offered.

     Dax returned, "with a body like that, I think I would touch 
it as often as I could. I'm kind of sorry now that I never paid 
more attention to you. This atmosphere is exciting. It must be 
something like skinny-dipping. I brought a new uniform for you. I 
hope that I got the size right."

     "I was just thinking the same thing.. about skinny-dipping I 
mean. It is uncanny how wonderful it feels. If you don't think 
you'll be missed for a while, we could always explore this cave a 
little more closely. That would give you a chance to see what it 
feels like," Star said.

     The Captain returned to the mouth of the cave, said 
something on the communicator and returned. He began removing his 
uniform with a rather shy smile on his face. "You only live once. 
Right?" he said to Star.

     She smiled and opened her arms to his naked body. Their lips 
met in a warm kiss that seemed to melt with their heat. His hands 
reached to touch her large, but weightless breasts. She could 
feel her nipples harden to a marble-like quality as they tingled 
in his hands. Star felt his cock begin to make the journey from 
its resting place to what must be new heights. His tool was not 
just floating at this point; it was straining. She could feel it 
leave a trail of fluid on her thigh as it increased in both 
length and girth. Her hands reached for his buttocks to feel the 
hair that uniformly covered his muscular globes. His hand, in 
turn, found the cleft between her own ass cheeks, and he 
separated these soft, tight mounds.

     Her lovely, woolly cunt was dripping with anticipation. The 
lips of her pussy began to pout and fold out in anticipation of 
his inevitable entrance. Dax placed the tips of his raging organ 
into the opening and allowed it to tease. First an inch went into 
the depths; then another. He then pulled it out, covered with her 
hot cream. He pressed further into her slippery love hole with 
four inches and again withdrew. In his next effort, he slip all 
eight inches of his fuck tube into her hot cunt until his balls 
were well seated against her puckered ass hole. At this depth he 
remained, savoring the involuntary convulsions of her hot tunnel.

     Lowering his head, he began to suck unrelenting on her ripe 
nipples; feeling the spongy texture of her large breasts. It 
seemed to Star as if his thick penis began to grow again. "Fuck 
my sweet hole Dax. Fuck it hard and deep. Fuck me in the air. Put 
your cock deeper into me than you have ever put it in any one," 
she almost screamed.

     Dax drove his diamond hard cock into Star with wild abandon. 
They floated in the air as Star bucked and road this fiery rod. 
Her breasts floated effortlessly, and she could feel the air 
surrounding them. Suddenly, she could feel a new rigidity enter 
Dax's cock. He grunted deeply and began to shoot hot loads of 
cream into Star's waiting hole. She too, felt a tingling begin in 
her toes and move throughout her body. It seemed as if it would 
last forever. Again and again a new orgasm visited her.

     Soon, they were both spent; drifting in the air. They 
relaxed into a cuddling position and continued to touch one 
another. Dax broke the silence, "I do hope that you enjoyed it as 
much as I did."

     "Wonderful! Absolutely wonderful, Captain," she responded.

     "I don't doubt that this is one of the most exciting caves 
that I have ever explored. I hope that I will have the 
opportunity to explore with you once again, Star," Dax said as he 
snapped his fingers.
                                                                                                -=> A Trill and a Bajoran <=-
                      -=> Inter-species Relations <=-
                   
                       < Revision #1 - Oct 16 1994 >

                       -=>> Copyright (C) 1994 <<=-
                   
                   |-----------------------------------|
                   |-=> by anon2de5@nyx10.cs.du.edu <=-|
                   |-----------------------------------|

It had been a long day for the crew on board DS9 - many ships had come to and
fro through the wormhole, as well as some suspect Cardassian transports
needing extensive searching. Two crew members in particular had been very
busy.

"It's been exhausting today Jadzia, how about we go down to Quarks and get
something to drink." suggested the Bajoran first officer, Major Kira Nerys.

"Sounds good to me! The worst part is nothing happened what with all of those
security checks today, I need some action round here." replied the tall Trill,
Jadzia Dax, as the two women walked towards the turbolift.

"Promenade" Kira ordered the lift.

A few seconds later, the lift arrived on the promenade, which was just
starting to busy-up again as the duty shift ended and the Starfleet and
Bajoran officers headed off duty. The Bar was, as ever, packed - humans
and aliens drinking, playing Dabo or just having a meal. Quark immediately
spotted Dax and Kira as they walked in.

"To what do I owe the pleasure of this visit from the two loveliest beings
on board?" Quark was always playing the field, hoping to get somewhere with
the two.

"We're here to have a drink you little troll." snapped Kira - she had no love
for the Ferengi.

"Charming as ever, what'll it be Lieutenant?"

"Two Black Holes please Quark." said Dax.

"Black Hole? What is that?" enquired Kira, looking worried.

"Just trust me, it's one of my favourite drinks."

Quark delivered the drinks and then wandered off after a look from Kira.

"So, what shall we do on board entertainment central tonight?" smiled Dax.

"Well, I was planning to do... not much really, how about we have a girl's
night in and watch a holo-movie or something?" said Kira.

"Sounds good to me, what holo's have you got?"

"We'll take a lucky dip I suppose, tell you what, I'll go down to my quarters
now and see what I can find... meet me down there in say, ten minutes?"
replied Kira, hoping that Dax couldn't see the glint in her eye. She'd been
thinking about this for a long time - ever since Starfleet had arrived.

"Fine, I'll see you in ten" said Dax as Kira finished her drink and headed
off.

                                 -=O=-

Kira arrived at her quarters quickly and hurried inside.

"Computer, lock door and seal - open only on my authorisation, Kira Gamma
Delta Two."

"Confirmed - door locked" obiediendly replied the ship's computer.

Kira walked over to the sleeping section of her quarters and stripped off her
clothes in front of her mirror. She inspected herself carefully, gently
carressing her breasts - pausing for a moment to gently fondle her clitoris,
sending waves of pleasure through her mind. No, this must wait. She only had
around five minutes before Dax arrived. Opening her wardrobe, she selected
an outfit which she had designed herself on her replicator. It was made out
of synth-leather, carefully cut to show a lot of cleavage and with a large
hole stopping just above her pubic hairs. Yes, Jadzia would have fun tonight.
She selected a whip and then laid down a strange looking device and her
tricorder on her dressing table.

"Computer, after I open the door, wait ten seconds before closing and
resealing to previous authorisation." she wanted to ensure Dax stayed around.
But then, with a lifetime of over 300 years, she must be quite broadminded...

                               -=-

Dax arrived outside Kira's quarters and hesitated for a moment - there was
something about the way Kira had invited her here.. she recognised it from
a series of events which happened a few hundred years ago.. if her suspicions
were true, then this could turn out to be quite fun. Smiling to herself, she
pressed the ring button.

"Come in." said Kira.

The doors opened and Dax walked in, still in starfleet uniform, but minus the
commbadge.

"Kira?"

"Hang on a minute, I'll be out in a minute". said the major from behind a
bulkhead - "Make yourself at home".

"Okay!" Dax walked in, and the the doors obidiently closed behind her.

Dax sat down on Kira's couch just as the Major walked out from her bedroom
section. Jadzia's eyes went wide when she saw the older woman's outfit - then
even wider when she saw the whip in the smiling major's hand.

"Kira! Do I take it that we are going to have.... fun... tonight?" smiled Dax,
still quite shocked that her suspicions had been right.

"I take it from that that you're game?"

"Definately."

"So how far are we going?"

"Lets see what happens... you look quite well equipped there!"

"This, yeah I suppose I am... wanna play rough?"

"Sounds enjoyable to me" said Jadzia, standing up off of the couch. "But
first, I think we ought to record this". She pulled out her tricorder and
set it to audio/visual record mode, and positioned it in the corner of the
room.

"Okay, get on the floor bitch." said Kira roughly.

Dax lowered herself gently to the floor, still fully clothed, but imagining
that she would need a new uniform fairly soon.

"CRAACK!"

The whip came down hard on Jadzia's buttocks, ripping the uniform where it
landed, and exposing a tiny glimpse of skin. Jadzia screamed and moaned at
the same time - luckily the room was soundproof.

"Enjoy?"

"Yes. More."

Kira brought the whip down roughly on the younger woman's body, ripping the
uniform as it went, and bringing esctasy to her..

"Turn over, now."

Dax obeyed, rolling over to expose her, as yet, untouched front.

Kira again swiped the whip on Dax's body, landing the blows across her breasts,
on her thighs, and between her legs.

"Uuuugh" grunted Dax, the pain of the whip turning into pure pleasure.

Kira dropped the whip, and jumped down on top of the trill, grabbing her head
and violently kissing her - forcing her tongue into the mouth of the beautiful
woman below her. Jadzia responded, rolling over so that she was on top and
then reaching down below the leather suit to Major Kira's love box, roughly
manipulating her clit, this sent Kira into pure esctasy - enjoying every
second of it.

Keeping the game up, Kira fought beyond her pleasure, and threw Jadzia to
the floor, she then grabbed the rips in her uniform and pulled it apart. This
left Dax wearing nothing except her trill-spots. Kira stood up and undid her
leather outfit and threw it away. Falling down on Jadzia again. Their breasts
touched gently, Kira's more plentiful bosom squashing out over Jadzia's hard,
but small breasts.

They kissed passionately, all the time Kira's hands racing over Dax's body,
cupping her breasts, squeezing the nipples, giving Jadzia the ride of her
life. Dax moaned softly as Kira moved down her body, taking her firmly erect
nipples into her wet mouth, sucking them gently - then brutally biting them
to produce a soft, but ecstatic, groan from Jadzia. Kira continued working
her way down the trill's body, licking and pinching as she went, all the time
keeping one hand or the other cupped over a breast.

Kira was not doing all the work of course, Dax was massaging the bajoran's
breasts as she worked her way down, Dax would open her hand, take the entire
of Kira's tit-flesh in her hand, and then knead it - this only encouraged
the Major to work harder! When she reached Jadzia's love box, she gently
licked the clit, while working at her vagina itself with a finger or two.

Then an idea hit the Major - she rearranged herself on the floor, and, using
Jadzia's plentiful juices, worked a finger, then two, then three, then four,
and eventually her entire fist up into Dax's cunt. This send Dax into a total
state of pure sexual excitement, as the Major worked her arm up into the
young woman's body, a tirade of feelings hit both Jadzia and the Symbiant.

The slug inside Jadzia was totally amazed at what was happening, sure, it
had happened to a previous host before, but not like this... Jadzia was just
stunned with the intense feeling of fulfillment as Kira plunged her arm
still further up into her channel. All of this excitement was working up to
one tremendous orgasm for Dax, she tried to keep it away as long as possible,
but eventually, her mind gave in.

"Aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiieeeeaaaggghh" she screamed, praying that no-one was outside
the door - and at the same time, hoping someone was... Dax was nearly overcome
{excuse the pun :-)} by the sheer ferocity of the orgasm - she nearly passed
out. But Kira wouldn't let her go, she wanted to get off too! Pulling her
arm out from between Dax's legs, she grabbed the whip, and brought it down
hard on Jadzia's cunt. This woke her up!.

"Suck my breasts Dax, come on, suck them, get me off". She rammed a breast
into Jadzia's face - Dax of course had little option but to open wide! Taking
the nipple in her mouth, she sucked. Hard. A difference in physiology between
Bajoran women and most other humanoid species is that the milk ducts are
always ready for action - this came as quite a shock to Dax when milk filled
her mouth - it was a very erotic experience though, and the milk tasted
sweet and delicious.

Kira had never experienced this either, the feeling was so erotic, feeling
the milk squirt out.

"Dax, I want you to try and fist me like I did you, or at least get me off."

Jadzia broke off the suck on Kira's tit, milk still dribbling out of the end,
and kissed her, feeding Kira's own milk back to her.

"Okay, I'll try - lie down"

Kira complied immediately, and, taking one nipple in her hand - squeezing milk
at her mouth, spread her legs wide apart. Jadzia took the other nipple and
pinched it, spraying milk over her arm.

"I'll need SOMETHING to lube up with!" she said jokingly, as she finished
wetting her arm.

"Okay, here I go." - she bent down, and began inserting her arm up into Kira's
body, just as had happened to her a few minutes previously...

The effect on Kira was electric - as Jadzia slowly pressed her fingers, and
eventually her fist up into her love tunnel, a series of mini-orgasms fired
off in her mind, causing her to spasm on the floor, her brain almost
overloading with pain and pleasure. Dax continued to push - it seemed that
Kira's vagina would go on for ever, but eventually she reached the cervix. At
this point, Kira was sure that she would have had a literally mindblowing
orgasm, but no, just incredible exitement. Sensing this, Dax began to pump
her arm up and down inside the Major's body - her arm gradually getting
better and better lubricated, until she was banging it in and out quickly.
All of a sudden, Kira overloaded - she started to scream, and cut off in
mid yell.

"Kira? Are you okay? Kira??" insisted Dax desperately - reaching for the
tricorder. The device beeped to itself, and reported that Kira was merely
sleeping. A few minutes later, she was awake, and with renewed energy, sat
up.

"Wow, that was some orgasm Dax - I think we both got off pretty well... What's
the time?"

"Wellll, we've been going at this about an hour"

"Is that all? Well, I guess we'd better take a break, and then.. have some more
fun - I've got a few more ideas on what we could do. A couple of which I think
you may find... interesting..."

                       < Revision #2 - Oct 18 1994 >
                                <PART TWO>

"And what are they then?" asked Dax, licking the cum and milk away from
around her face, then giving Kira's face a tongue-bath to clean that up too.

"Well, I think we may be able to play a few tricks on our good Doctor" smiled
Kira.

"Julian? I suppose that could be fun, maybe later on though, it's still quite
early at the moment." Dax returned the smile.

"Jadzia, come here, come on" said Kira tenderly.

The two slowly, and gently kissed, with no violence of the previous hour or
so. Eventually, they broke the kiss, and embraced each other, sitting still
on the floor of Kira's quarters.

"Kira, I love you." whispered Dax into the Bajoran's ear.

"I feel the same about you Dax, I have since you arrived on board, I always
will."

They returned to their embrace.

                                    -=-

Several minutes passed with the two unmoving, before Kira finally decided to
get up.

"I'd like to introduce you to a good friend of mine, but first, I need to take
a piss."

"Well, if I refer back about one hundred and fifty years, I think we can find
a way to spice that up too." Dax smirked, then moved to kneel up by Kira's
dark red pubic mound. Carefully opening her mouth, and sticking out her 
tongue, Dax uttered, "go for it."

"HERE?" Kira replied, shocked for once.

"Sure, it'll be really great, I for one like the taste!"

"If you're sure..." sighed Kira, relaxing her bladder and spraying a high
pressure stream of piss straight onto Jadzia's tongue. Jadzia lapped it up
like honey, swallowing all that she caught, before moving forwards to clamp
her mouth over Kira's pee-hole. It wasn't long before Kira ran out and slowed
to a dribble. Dax stood up and shared the juice with her lover - who after
initially refusing it gulped it down greedily.

"mmmm, that was good, you wanna pee?"

"No, I don't need to now... about the friend of yours?" enquired Dax.

"Oh yeah" said Kira, licking the piss from her lips. "Come into my bedroom
and I'll show you". The two naked women walked over the now [very] wet floor
into the bedroom section. Kira picked up the strange looking device she had
retrieved from her wardrobe earlier.

"What is it..? as if I couldn't guess!"

"Well, originally, it was a Cardassian torture device - it feeds high voltage
electrical signals straight into the nervous system. But with a few
modifications, I've found it can be used quite safely, and what's more, very
pleasurably - it does have a few extra's that I'll show you..." Kira reached
into her drawer and produced three small black circles.

"What are they for?"

"I'll show you. Lie on the bed please Jadzia."

"Okay." Dax lay down and without Kira asking, spread her legs wide apart,
opening her soft inner vaginal-lips.

"Riight, just power this up..." Kira tapped her tricorder, the long device
came to life. "Okay, it's set to zero power... let's get it into you!"

Gently, Kira worked the tube into Dax's tunnel, making sure it slid in easily
by coating it in her own, plentiful, juices. Once it was fully in, and
butting up against Jadzia's cervix, she picked up the black discs, and
attached one to each of Jadzia's nipples, and one directly onto her clitoris
which was now jutting up slightly.

"Ready there?"

"I'm ready, give it to me gently Kira!"

Kira tapped a few buttons on the tricorder, and the flashing on the end of the
tube poking out of Dax's hot-box increased - at the same time, indicator
lights on each of the clip on discs lit up. Dax began moaning - her mind
began to become aroused with the feelings coming from her erotic zones.

"That's setting .1, ready for some more?"

"Uuuh, how, aah, higgh does it gooo?"

"Well, 10 is the furthest i've taken it - and that's where the cutoff is".

"Take me up slowly - all the way."

As the levels rose, Jadzia's body began tossing and turning on the bed with
her muscles spasming from the pleasure being generated by the alien device
shoved up into her most private place. She wanted to delay an orgasm as long
as possible, so she decided to have Kira change the game plan slightly.

"Kiiira, I waan't you to puuut it, aaahhh, uppp myy annuuusss". she moaned
through her enjoyment.

"Okay, hang on."

Kira removed the tube from Dax's cunt and checked how wet it was - not enough
for an anal penetration, that's for sure!

"Computer, a glass of medical lubricant, grade one"

The computer faithfully replicated the lube, and dipped the tube into the
long glass, she then turned Jadzia over. This had the effect of pressing
the pleasure generators harder onto her nipples, in turn giving her an even
greater level of sexual excitement.

Kira bent over Jadzia and gently licked her anus, slowly letting her tongue
enter and probe the rear end of the ecstatic woman. Again slowly, she
withdrew her tongue, and slapped some of the lubricant up and into Jadzia's
ass using her fingers - this made a big groan. Finally, all was ready.

Ever so gently, Kira began working the device up into Jadzia's chute, reducing
the power level to .1 again, she gave it one final press home past Dax's
sphincter, causing it to enter in a rush.

"AAaghaahh" groaned Dax.

"Nearly there, just gotta switch on now."

The effect on Dax was amazing, she rolled over so that the device pressed even
more firmly into her anus and was driven even crazier. All this was too much
for Kira, she needed to get off. Again, she dangled her breasts in front
of Dax's face, who hungrily grabbed them and began suckling at them, squeezing
the milk out yet again. Kira was enjoying herself so much, that when she put
one of her hands down to balance herself over Dax, she didn't notice the
tricorder underneath. Her hand touched the panel, and sent the power output
straight to 10.

Jadzia instantly orgasmed - too tired even to groan. Kira rolled her over,
turned the power down on the futuristic vibrator, and pulled it out. It was
coated with a thin film of Jadzia's shit and medical lube, but Kira didn't
care, she wanted this beast up her ass too - she'd never dared put it up there
before, and had never really thought of it. She rammed it up, and turned the
power to 5, she then lay down on top of Jadzia (who was by now groggy to say
the least!) and began masturbating, she inserted 3 fingers into her cunt
straight away, and began pumping in and out at a great speed. She then took
her other hand down there too and started tweaking her clit. Girl juices
began pouring out of her vagina, and Dax started to get wet. Jadzia woke
up while Kira was wanking on her, and gently put her arms round onto the
Major's back, drawing her to Jadzia's mouth. The two began kissing while
Kira was still wanking, this extra action only heating up the moment..
Eventually, all of the excitement proved to much for Kira, and she orgasmed,
sending massive gobs of cum all over Jadzia and the bed.

She then switched off and removed all of the devices from their bodies.

"We must try that again sometime" smiled Dax,

"Sure thing" gasped Kira.

The two kissed and fell asleep in each other's arms.

                                  -=-

"Nerys, we've been asleep half an hour."

"I'm not surprised! You ready for more?"

"Sure am, and I think now would be a good time for Doctor Bashir to make
a house call."

"Okay, we've gotta set this up right.... how about......." whispered Kira
to Dax.

Dax laughed. "Perfect".

Kira swung around onto the bed so that she was facing upwards, and her head
was pointing towards the wall. Dax climbed on in the 69 position so that her
cunt filled Kira's mouth, and Kira's cunt was directly below Dax's mouth.

Kira grabbed her commbadge, and, freeing herself temporarily from the erotic
prescence of Dax pressed it:

"Kira to Bashir"

"Bashir here, how can I help you Major?"

"I could use some help with something in my quarters. I would ask Chief
O'Brien or Commander Sisko, but they're on duty at the moment."

"I'm on my way. Bashir out."

The two resumed the 69 position.

Moments later, the door bleeped.

"Come!" Laughed Kira. The Door opened. "In here Doctor." Kira swung back
under Dax.

Julian Bashir walked into Kira's bedroom and stopped in shock at what he saw.
Dax had her head between Kira's legs and was gently licking Kira's vagina,
savouring the taste apparently. She looked up, and then propped herself up,
letting Julian have a good view of her breasts - his eyes widened.

"Care to join us Doctor?"
