The dean of discipline

  copyright 1985 by the syslave network by david white

     "Westfield reformatory school".  Larry hutton read
the sign as the bus entered the through the electric
gates.  He looked through the wire mesh cover window at
the gates closing behind him.  He knew it would be a year
and a half, providing he behaved himself, before he'd be
allowed to go back through those gates again.  He turned
back around and relaxed in his seat.  There were nine
other guys between 8 and 20 on the bus too. They were all
quiet.  Not so much because they were ordered not to talk
by the police officer sitting in front of the bus but,
because it was a time for personal thoughts.  They had
all heard of the reform school's reputation. Especially
the reputation of it's dean.  And, frankly, the guys were
scared.  And for good reason.  They had heard stories
about guys being whipped and beaten at the place.  Nne
of the guys actually had heard anything first hand.  But,
the rumors were enough to scare them.  For they all knew
they would soon find out.

    The bus stopped in front of an old stone building
about fifty years old.  There were bars on the windows of
all eleven stories. It had a cold, gloomy look about it
even in the late after noon sun.  "Okay, get off the bus!
Form a single file and enter the building when the gates
open." The officer shouted. The guys did as ordered. Once
inside the building they were taken into a holding area.
It was a large room with wooden benches against the four
walls.  Larry and the others sat on the benches and
waited for something to happen.  They sat for about
twenty minutes.  They heard the door opening and twenty
apprehensive eyes looked at the man entering the room.
He was about thirty five and husky.  He wore a Levi's and
a white shirt and black construction boots.  He startled
the guys when he shouted, "what the fuck are you doing
with your damn clothes on? Get 'em off right now! There's
no way I can stick my finger up your assholes if you have
them covered. I got to check you guys over before the
dean gets to you.  He only wants healthy young butts,
cocks and balls around this place."

     The guys stripped naked as the man watched.  His id
badge read O'hare...Medic.  As soon as they were naked he
ordered them to line up facing him.  Larry was on the end
of the line closest to O'hare. O'hare walked over to him
and told him to face the left and then cough.  Larry felt
the man's warm hand grasp his balls and place a finger
under them.  He coughed, then faced to the left and
coughed again as O'hare placed his finger under the other
testicle.  He watched as O'hare went down the column of
guys and tested each one of them.

     After checking each guy's full body, he ordered them
to turn around and bend over pulling their ass cheeks
apart.  Once again, Larry was the first to get examined.
Looking between his legs, he watched O'hare put something
like a rubber over his index finger and dip it into a
lubricant. He watched as the man approached and felt a
finger on his bubble butt.  The finger pryed at his tight
little butt hole and then with a bit of pressure entered
the guy. He felt the finger probing in him.  The finger
struck something in him that caused his whole body to
give a little jump.

     "Ahhhh, I got your prostate didn't I guy?" O'hare
asked. Larry was to embarrassed to speak.  Suddenly he
felt a very hard smack on his white butt and gave a loud
cry. "You best learn to speak when spoken to at this
place. Got me guy? You understand what I'm saying?",
O'hare screamed at Larry.

     "Yes....Yes, sir"

     "I'm gonna be watching you guy. You damn well better
be on your best behavior or your be the first of this lot
to learn the hard way."

     "Yes, sir."

     O'hare went down the line checking each guy's
rectum.  When he was to Matthews, the sixth guy in the
column, Larry heard O'hare saying, "well..Well...Well.
You're gettin' a hardon, ain't you kid?"

     "Yes, sir."

     "You sure are....You like me finger fucking you.
You're gonna get along just fine here.  Now, I want you
to stand in front of the other guys and let them see your
hardon, too.  Then all the guys can get their cocks hard
so I can check their foreskins and circumcisions."

     Matthews stepped in front of the others.  His prick
was rockhard.  It barely moved from side to side as he
walked.  He was really hard.

     "Okay, guys.  I want to see all of your pricks as
hard as this!", O'hare said as he grabbed Matthews cut
dick.  He dropped to his knees and looked closely at the
big dick in his hand.  Then he walked over to Larry.
Larry had been stroking his prick while watching Matthews
and the other guys.  He was hard when O'hare grabbed his
uncut cock and pulled the foreskin back, then over the
head again and back a few times.  A clear drop of pre cum
formed at his piss slit making his cockhead shiny.

     "You keep this good and clean, don't you guy?"

     "Yes...Yes, sir. I keep it real clean, sir."

     "Good, you're a quick learner.  Gotta a real nice
kid cock, too."

     He released his hold on Larry's wet prick and went
on down the line giving hard prick exams to each guy.
When he finished his inspection he walked over to the
door.  He turned before leaving the room and said, "keep
those cocks hard...But don't any of you even think of
creamin' off.  You understand?"

     Ten voices replied, "yes, sir."

     The guys looked at one another questioning what was
to happen next. They were slowly stroking their pricks,
not wanting to cum before told to cum.

     The door opened a young man, about 28 years of age
with wavy black hair and a handsome, friendly smile
entered the room filled with teens with naked hard-ons.

     "Hello, guys! Welcome to Westfield reformatory. I'm
Dr. Johnson's assistant, Dr. Mitchell.  I want you to go
into the room, over there, with me.  One at a time." He
pointed to Larry, directing him to go first.  Dr.
Mitchell was carrying some small paper cups in one hand.
The other guys watched as Larry walked naked to the door.
His teen cock stood straight up as he walked. After he
entered the room, Dr. Mitchell followed him and closed
the door.  The room was painted light green. It contained
just a table and a chair.  Dr. Mitchell sat in the chair
and ordered Larry to sit on the table with his legs open
directly in front of the doctor.  "What's your name,
kid?"

     "Larry."

     "Well, Larry. What I want you to do is jack off for
me. I want you to squirt a load for me and try to get it
in this paper cup." Mitchell placed a hand on each of
Larry's thighs, "now, beat off a good load Larry. I want
to see a white hot load of cream shot out of that hot
piece of meat you've got. You're a hot looking guy. You
could have it pretty easy here if you play the right
games, guy." Larry jacked on his cock while listening to
Mitchell. "A guy like you better be bright, though. Yea,
that's it....Beat that fucker...Lean back, I wanna see
that ass, Larry.  Yea...That's right, nice solid round
buns... You ever had a buddy stick his cock in your butt
while you're jack off, Larry?"

     "No...No, sir...I ain't no queer."

     "Larry, that's not the right attitude to survive
Westfield. It's okay to play with other guys here,
because there just ain't no other sex.  Now, lean back
further, I want to check out your asshole...That's it,
what a cute little cherry this is...Can you feel my
finger, Larry? It's pressing into your ass...Got it
passed the first knuckle and heading for the
second.....Like that Larry? Do you?"

     Larry felt a wave of passion shoot through his body
as he looked into the eyes of the sexy medical doctor.
His prick was oozing precum juice through his piss slit
as Mitchell pushed his finger in all the way.

     "Yeah, you like it, guy.  You like it a lot! Feels
good with me massaging your prostate while you jack off,
doesn't it? Get's you really going.... Now, let me have a
little taste of that teen rod." Doctor Mitchell dropped
his face into Larry's crotch and onto his soaking wet
cock.  All the way down, the horny doctor took the
youth's inflamed rod.  Larry watched as the doctor fucked
the prick into his mouth. The doctor suddenly stood up
and stripped of his white coat.  He was wearing tight
white slacks underneath that showed a huge cock bulge.
The doctor unfastened his belt, unzipped his pants and
let them fall to the floor.  He was wearing gleaming
white cotton briefs.  They were tented with his hard cock
and were so tight Larry could even make out the outline
of the doctors cockhead and piss slit.  Larry became
hotter and hornier than he'd ever been in his life.  He'd
never seen such as big bulge in a guy's briefs and wanted
to see the doctor's dick.

      Doctor Mitchell saw the guy's eyes locked on his
tight jockeys.  "Like this, Larry?" He asked while he
kneaded his swollen cock through the cotton.

     "You like it, I can see that in your eyes.  I wish
we had more time but I got a lot of other guys out there
squirt jizz, so, just relax and let me fuck you."

     "But...I ain't never..."

     Mitchell pulled down his briefs.  He heard a gasp
from Larry as his eight inch cut cock burst into view.
His pubic hair was jet black and gave off the hue of blue
steel.  He grabbed Larry's legs and pulled him to the
edge of the table.  He reached into the pocket of his
discarded white jacket and pulled out a packet of KY
jelly.  He opened it and rubbed the clear gooey liquid
onto his rock hard rod.  The residue on his fingers was
massaged into Larry's cherry hole.

     Larry was scared, but excited. The doctor's blue
eyes and handsome face turned the guy on.  He wanted to
feel what it is like to get fucked and now he was going
to learn. It was going to happen against his will, he
told himself.

     The doctor leaned over him and touched the head of
his cock to Larry's asshole.  A broad smile fell across
his face. He shoved hard.

     "Oh, hell!" Larry gasped at the sudden onslought of
pain and pleasure.  His asshole was buring as Mitchell's
cock slid into him all the way, a full eight hard manfuck
inches!

     Larry, feeling Mitchell's withdrawing, shouted,
"don't take it out, not yet, let me get used to it."

     The sexy young doctor shoved his red hot cock into
the guy again...And again.  Each time Larry opened and
closed his sphincter muscle around it.  Faster and faster
he fucked into Larry's butt. Soon, he picked up a rhythm
with Larry and the only sound in the room was frontal
thighs spanking into tight teen ass.

       Currents of pleasure flowed though Larry.  His
young prick was about to shoot.

       Young doctor Mitchell lifted him off of the
examination table and as Mitchell settled onto the chair,
Larry was fully impaled on his eight inchs of steel hard
cock.  Mitchell looked down at Larry's cock. It looked
like it was going to explode in his face showering him in
a blizzard of cum.

     Mitchell threw each of Larry's legs over each chair
arm. They were face to face and cock in butt. The doctor
began bucking up into Larry's tight fuckhole.  He was
ready to shoot off and knew the kid was too.

     "Ahhhhhhh," Mitchell moaned passionately as his cock
reached the verge of eruption. He arched deep into
Larry's butt and shot a load of steaming ball juice into
Larry's raging anal cavern. Load after load of the
medical doctor's hot sticky jism blasted it's way into
the guy. The doctor fucked deeper and deeper into Larry
with each wave of sexual spasm that flowed through him.
The fuck in his butt brought Larry off too. As the doctor
looked down at Larry's cock, unhelped by a hand or a hot
mouth, the prick began shooting milky white hot cum up
into the doctor's face.  Mitchell quickly opened his
mouth to catch as much of the teen fuck juice as he
could. With his own prick still shooting in the guy's
ass, he caught two or three direct shots of the guy's cum
in his mouth. The other shots hit his nose, eyes and
cheeks. Larry cried out as his cum squirted into the
doctor's face giving him a full facial jism drenching.
Each time his teen prick shot, his ass squeezed tighter
and tighter around the dick in his asshole. That caused
even greater pleasure for the doctor.

     Finally, they both fell into a total relaxation into
each other's arms.  After a minute or so, doctor Mitchell
lifted Larry back onto the table and pulled his softening
cock from the guy's ass.

     "Yeah, you learn quickly, Larry.  If you play the
game, here, maybe I can make it real easy on you.  Now
get dressed and send the next guy in.  You wait outside
with the rest of them." Larry opened the door and looked
at the others. He told the guy to his right to get his
ass in the room.  Larry sat down on one of the benches
and looked at the row of hard cocks being stoked by young
horny teen guys.

     "What happens in there? What goes on? Tell us!" The
guys all asked.

     "You gotta just wait and see for yourself." Larry
replied. Larry sat naked on the bench along with eight of
the other guys. The ninth guy was in the private room
with doctor Mitchell.  His session lasted about twenty
minutes with the doctor but all the other sessions had
only been ten minutes, Larry thought.  When the last guy
came out ofthe doctor's examining room with his dick limp
and wet, doctor Mitchell came out and ordered them to
dress and then he left the room.

     Within a few minutes, a young man, dressed in
guard's clothing, ordered them to follow him.  They were
led to a dining hall.  As they ate, Larry kept thinking
of Mitchell's telling him to 'play the game.' He decided
he'd play alright.  Play like a puppy in the hands of the
men who ran the institution.

     After dinner they were assigned barracks and bed
number assignments. Each of the newcomers were assigned
to different barracks.  Larry's assigned barracks was
empty when he entered. He found his bed and locker and
began to place his few belongings in the locker. He
made-up his bed and laid across it.  He dozed off
thinking of the fuck he received this afternoon.

     Larry was awakened when the barracks door opened and
the four other guys assigned to the quarters came running
in.  All of the guys were near Larry's age.  As they came
in they greeted Larry and welcomed him.

     "I'm Jim...Sorry to have to meet you in this
situation," a tall, slim blond said.  He plopped down on
the bunk beside of Larry's.  The other three guys
dispersed to their locker areas.

     "How long you gonna be here?" Jim asked.

     "Eighteen months.  How long have you been here?"

     "Nine months.  Have nine more to go."

     Jim stood up and began stripping off his shirt and
jeans. Larry laid back on his bed and watched Jim open
his fly and spread the flaps.  Stark whiteness from his
briefs contrasted against his tanned stomach. Because Jim
was tall, Larry could not see his face from his position
on his lower bunk.

     Jim skinned his slacks down and Larry studied the
guy's briefs. He remembered the way the doctor's briefs
stood out with a hard on and wondered how Jim's looked
when he was hot and hard. Larry studied the pouch of the
Hanes briefs. It was stuffed full of teenage cock and
balls.  Making out the clear outline of Jim's cock and
balls. Larry thought Jim's balls would burst with the
jizz packed in them.  Suddenely, Larry realized he was
getting a hard on again.  He sat up on his bunk and
looked at the other three guys who were stripped to their
shorts.  Jerry, the youngest, had little tight white
briefs covering his tiny ass.  Damn, Larry thought, I
could hold his whole ass in one hand. Roger, a blond
surfer type was stripping down a pair of white boxer
shorts.  Bill, the muscular redhead was wearing a pair of
sexy nylon bikini briefs. They were light blue and when
Bill faced toward Larry, his long slim prick was clearly
visible.  Bill reached down and adjusted his teen dick in
his nylon brief. When he pulled his hand out, his cock
was aimed to his left hip. "Let's hit the showers, buddy,
before there ain't no hot water left,"

     Jim said to Larry.  He quickly jumped up and
stripped down and followed Jim to the shower room.  The
barracks had only the two rooms. When they got to the
shower door they stopped to strip off their briefs.

     The shower room was about seven feet by six feet.
In the ceiling was a single shower head that forced water
through the room. Jim turned on the faucets and adjusted
the water temperature. He turned around and faced Larry
who had been studying Jim's naked ass.  Jim reached for
the soap and began lathering himself.  Larry reached for
another bar of soap and began rubbing it over his chest
and belly.  He felt his cock beginning to harden. He
hoped it wouldn't get full hard. He turned his back to
Jim and finished washing his crotch and thighs.

     Jim said, "that's one hot looking ass fella. You
bend over like that around here you can figure to get it
fucked." Larry looked around and saw Jim looking at his
ass while lathering his cock.  He was about half hard.
Larry stood back up and turned around, letting Jim see
his big cock beginning to harden. Redheaded Billy and
young Jerry came into the shower.

     "Wow! Look at our new cock, Billy!" Jerry shouted as
he stared at Larry's cock.  "Jim, can I suck him? Can I?
Can I?"

     "Wait a second guys, I ain't had time to tell Larry
how things are around here.  Just wait till lights out
and we'll get together. "Jim told the two guys.  The talk
made Larry's cock reach a full hardon in front of his new
teenage friends. "Okay, Jim.  Whatever you say. But, he
sure has a great cock.  Maybe he'll fuck me if you make
him do it. Please, Jim."

     Jim reached over and grabbed little Jerry's prick
and gave it a friendly tug.  Then he reached over and did
the same to Billy's dick.  The two guys grabbed at his
cock too but Jim jumped back.

     "Later, I said." Jim said smiling at the two younger
guys. "Now, rinse off and tell Roger to wait for a few
mintes before coming in here."

     The two youths rinsed off and just as Jerry was
about to leave, he reached over and made a playful grab
at Jim's half hard cock.  Jim flipped him around and gave
him a friendly hard slap on his cute little butt.  Jim's
hand print could be seen across both cheeks of the kid's
bubble shaped butt.

     When the guys were gone, Jim turned the water off
and walked over to Larry.  "You best listen up to me,
Larry.  I'm gonna tell you the story here.  Forget about
pussy! Think about cock and guy butt, cause that's all
you're gonna be seeing for a long time. So, f you want
to get a load shot out of your prick into a warm hole,
you best play the games. You better learn how to suck a
cock and take a hard prick up your cute ass.  I run this
barracks.  The guys do what I tell them too.  But, it
ain't nothing tough about it. I like these guys and I
take care of them.  We're a family here. And, if you want
to get along here you gotta join us.  Understand?"

     "Sure. Sure, I understand. In fact, I might even
like it here."

     "Not if the master of discipline ever gets ahold of
your cute ass.  Now, let's get out of here so Roger can
get cleaned up and we'll get into your initiation."

     They dried off and left the shower.  Blond Roger was
standing outside the shower room waiting to get in.  He
had already stripped off his shorts and was standing,
naked, his cock at half mast.  He looked into Larry's
eyes and smiled.  His teeth were even contrasting to his
tan face.  Larry noted that all th guys had great tans.
Larry saw that Billy and Jerry were lying across their
bunks wearing their shorts. Jerry was in a pair of fresh
white cotton briefs and Billy was wearing a clean pair of
white nylon bikinis. Larry wondered where the guy got
designer shorts in Westfield reformatory.  Larry reached
into his locker and pulled out a pair of briefs and
stepped into them.  He looked over at Jim and saw him
pull on a bike jockstrap. Jim looked at Larry and winked.

     Larry laid across his bunk.  Jim did the same.

     Suddenly the barrack's door opened and a uniformed
guard entered the room.

     "Attention!" Somebody shouted.

     The guys jumped up and stood at the ends of their
bunks.  Just then, Roger came out of the shower.
Dripping wet, he ran to the end of his bunk.

     The guard, Larry recognized from earlier in the day,
stood at the two rows of three beds.

     He looked at each guy and looked down at his
clipboard.  He noted the guy count and turned to leave.
He stopped in his tracks and looked at naked, wet Roger.

     "Guy, you best get yourself dried off right now!"

     "Yes, sir." Roger replied. Then the guard turned,
walk over to the wall and placed his key in the control
for the room lights.  He turned them all off and then
turned on a small wattage light above Roger.  "Better
leave this one on tonight so you can see to dry your
body, stud." The guard said. Then he left the barracks.
The guys could hear the key in the doorlock, locking them
in for the night.  The wrangling of the keys seem to take
several minutes.

     When the teenage guys heard the guard's footsteps
leaving the barracks, they crawled onto their bunks.

     Larry laid on his bunk wondering what would happen
next.  He looked at Roger drying himself under the small
light.  The sight of the naked young guy rubbing terry
cloth against his cock and balls made Larry's cock jump
in his briefs. When the guy was satisfied that he was
dry, he reached onto his bunk and pulled on a pair of
boxer shorts.  He stood in the light and Larry could see
the guy straining to pull the very tight boxers up over
his thighs and finally come to rest over his ass and
groin.  The guy reached down and rubbed his cock through
the tight cotton and then crawled onto his bunk.

       Larry noticed all of the guy's watched Roger
readying himself for bed.  When all was quiet, Jim
whispered to Larry, "just a few minutes, buddy, and we'll
be sure the guards are not comin' back.  Just lay there
and dream of little Jerry licking at that bulge in your
briefs."

     Larry's cock stretched out in his briefs as he
thought of little Jerry sucking on his pouch. The dim
light illuminated the room enough so that Larry could see
the lad.  He had his legs spread wide and his feet
hanging on each side of his bunk. It was clearly apparent
the guy had a full hard on pressing against his briefs as
his slowly hunched his ass.  The kid was hot.  Larry's
own cock was rock hard in his shorts and Jim was looking
right at it.

     "Just be patient, guy, or you're gonna burst your
shorts!!" Larry looked over at Jim and winked.

     It seemed like an hour as Larry lay waiting in
anticipation of his initiation into 'the family.'

     As he looked around at the other guys he saw that
they were all playing with their cocks inside of their
underpants. Sometimes one would show his naked hard on
and the others would rub their own bulges more briskly
but, in total silence.  Sometimes Larry would see one of
the guys point over to his cock bulge and the other guys
would smile back as if sending some kind of an encoded
signal. Finally, Jim got up and with very deliberate
steps walked over to a wall plate.  He pulled the plate
off the wall and did something with the wires.  Then he
turned around and said in a regular level voice, "okay,
buddies. We can start now."

     Jim walked back to Larry and told him that there
were microphones in all the barracks but they had no
closed circuit television. So, he had disconnected the

[Arion Emmrys 29 entered the gates on line 9 at 20:55:19]

microphone so they could talk. Jim assured him that the
guards would not be back nor would anybody overhear what
they were about to do.

     Jim added, "I want you to do whatever I ask you to
do tonight. These guys are hot and in real need of a
fresh prick.  Remember, Larry, play the game and life can
be easy and very exciting for your next year and a half."

     Jim turned to the other guys, "we're gonna initiate
a new family member tonight.  It looks like Larry might
be just what you studs need right now.  So, this is the
way we're gonna make him one of us.  First, I want the
five of us to set in a circle around him. Then,
one-by-one, each of you will have ten minutes to do
whatever you want to do with him.  Just one rule, I get
him in my bunk for the rest ofthe night.  Agreed?"

     "Yea!!!!...Sure.....Right!" The guys said.

     "Jerry, you're the youngest, I want you to go first,
what do you want to do to him?"

     "I'm going to cum on his handsome face while I eat
his shorts off for the rest of you." The sweet young guy
said looking at the bulge of hard teen cock in tight
white briefs. Larry found himself in the middle of a
circle of hard-on teenage guys. Each guy showing and
playing with a hard cock in their shorts.  Jerry was on
his kness in front of the newcomer, running his fingers
over the bulge of hard manmeat bulging under white
cotton.  The fingers were replaced with hot wet kid
mouth. Jerry licked and sucked at Larry's hard cock
through the cotton. Moving his head to the waistband he
locked his teeth deep into the stretched elastic and
pulled down his newest buddy's briefs. Jerry's cock
slapped against his stomach as it was released from the
briefs.  All five of the guys oohed and awed when they
had a clear view of Larry's hard, pre cum oozing prick.

     Jerry pushed Larry gently to the floor and laid him
on his back.  Then he straddled the older teenager and
sat on his chest. His guy cock bulged in his too small
briefs.  He reached up and pulled them down locking the
waistband under his balls.  Taking his cock in his hand
he rubbed it all over Larry's face.  Larry opened his
mouth and allowed the hard cock to enter once or twice.
It was the first dick Larry had ever tasted.  The smell
of the young guy's clean crotch and the hard cock in his
face brought waves of sexual excitement to rush through
Larry's body.  The young guy took his own cock in his
right hand and began jacking it fast.  Larry could see
the piss slit was wet and shiny and he knew that soon
he'd taste his first load of kid cum. The sight of a
young guy jacking off in his face excited Larry beyond
his imagination. Larry knew he wanted to taste the cum
when it came shooting out of the guy. He wanted to taste
another guy's jizz more than he wanted anything else.

     "Here it cums, Larry. I'm gonna shot it all over
you. You'd better open your mouth if you want this, else
the others will want to lick it up.....Here it comes...."

     Larry opened his mouth and caught several squirts of
guys jism in his mouth.  The rest shot on his face and in
his hair. The guy shook violently as he came, exciting
Larry all the more. Before Jerry climed off of Larry's
chest he shoved his ass forward into Larry's face and
said," anytime you want to fuck me, just let me know."

     "That was hot, Jerry," Jim said as the guy climed
off of Larry's face and rejoined the circle.

     "Okay, Billy, you're next. What's your pleasure?"

     "I want to fuck him. But, I honestly want Roger to
fuck me while I fuck Larry. I want to be in the middle.
Is that okay, Jim?"

     "Let's ask Roger. What do you think? You want to
fuck your redheaded lover while he fucks Larry?" Jim
asked Roger.

     "Yeah, sure, but I want a cock to suck on while I
fuck him, can I suck you, Jim?"

     "Sure, kid...You guys can always have me. You know
that. It's part of being barracks chief."

     Soon all five were in insert position.  Larry felt
Billy spitting on his ass and rubbing it into his ass.
He felt one then two fingers invade his asshole. He hoped
the fuck he was about to receive would make him cum
without touching himself, like doctor Mitchell's fuck had
done to him.  With a loud grunt and a lunge the redhead
plowed his cock inside of Larry.  Sure enough, it was as
good if not a better feeling that he'd had during his
first fuck earlier in the day.

     "Wow, this is great," Billy shouted.  "Now cram it
in me, Roger. Yeah....That's it .. All the way in, hard."
His voice was silenced when Jim stuck his hard cock into
Billy's mouth.  Jim was sprewing so much precum juice
that some of it dripped onto Larry's face, mixing with
Jerry's load.

     A rhythm developed in the fourway as Larry, on his
back was being fucked by Billy who was being fucked by
Roger. Straddled over Larry'sface was Jim fucking his big
whooper dick into Billy's slurping mouth.

     Like music and fireworks their tempo built.  They
were all in a frenzy of passion as Billy screamed out,
"I'm doing it. I'm cummin', squirtin'..."

     Roger, the young blond squeezed his eyes tightly and
gritted his teeth as he shot his cum into Billy's
spasming butt.  The fuck guys shoved hard and deep
driving Larry insane with passion.

     As Larry opened his eyes, he saw Jim pushing the
younger kids aside. He positioned himself between Larry's
legs and threw them over his shoulders and shoved his
bigguy dick all the way into Larry.

      Larry screamed out in a mixture of pain and
pleasure as he felt his ass burning yet begging for more
and harder thrust.  He didn't wait but a second before
Jim began pounding his cock into Larry's ass with all of
his might.

     The only sound in the room was the unmistakable
sounds of wet, hot fucking.

     Jim fucked harder and deeper with every stroke.
Suddenly, Larry yelled, "I'm cummin'....Shootin'...."

     Jim embraced Larry and pulling him strongly against
him, began shooting his jizz load into Larry.  The two
men breathed hard and mumbled sexual words to each other
as they blasted their pent up loads of fresh teen cum.

     When their passions began to subside, Jim leaned his
face into Larry's and kissed him while he felt Larry's
load of hot, sticky cum, smearing between their chest.

     "Welcome to the family, Larry."

     In silence, the five young men returned to their
bunks. They all fell asleep, contented. For the time
being.  Early in the morning hours, Larry felt a nudging
beside him in his bed.  He opened his eyes to see that
Jerry, the youngest guy in the barracks had crawled in
bed with him.  The guy looked asleep. He had a peaceful
look about him.  He had one arm over Larry's chest.
Larry, hating to wake the lad, turned over facing the
guy.  The guy stretched out and displayed his hard cock
at it's fullest.  Then, he turned his back to Larry and
pressed against him and the two guys fell asleep, pressed
together like two spoons in a drawer.

     The guys were awakened at 6 o'clock in the morning
by a loud blaring sound coming from the school's loud
speaker system.  They jumped up and dressed quickly.
Within a few minutes they heardt he guard's footsteps
coming to their barrack's door and unlocking it.

     Jim walked along the sidewalk with Larry on their
way to the dining hall.

     "You're gonna get along fine, Larry. Don't worry
about anything. Just be sure to keep your nose clean,
though.  Some of the guards are real pricks and once you
fuckup, they keep their eyes on you.  Fuckup twice and
they take you master."

     "Master?" Larry asked.

     "Yeah, he runs this whole operation and gets his
kicks by spanking the hell out of guy's butts. He got me
once, about four months ago. I couldn't sit for days.
But, I haven't fucked up since."

     "I'll watch my ass." Larry said.

     After breakfast the guys returned to the barracks,
made their beds and headed for their assigned school
buildings.  Larry looked at his printed assignment sheet.
He and Jim were assigned to the same classes.

     The first class of the day was english, taught by a
3o year old named mr. Edwards.  After class, edwards kept
Larry aside and told him what was expected of him in the
class and brought him up to date with the rest of the
class.

     At 0 am, Jim and Larry reported to the gym for
physical education. There were twenty guys in the class.
Inside the locker room, Jim took Larry to a caged window
where a young stud was passing out gym gear.  He gave
Larry a basket containing gym shorts, jock, shoes and
sox. A bright yellow t-shirt read 'Westfield guys
reformatory.' Larry chose a locker beside of Jim's and
began stripping.  When he was naked he noticed several of
the other naked guys looking at his body.  He picked up
his jockstrap and stepped into it.  Once he pulled it up
his muscular legs, he arranged his cock and balls in the
pouch. The bulge was huge, even Jim looked.

     "Looks like those balls are filled again this
morning. Maybe we can work some time in to drain them
again." Jim said.  "I'd sure like that. Do all the guys
here fuck and suck each other, Jim?"

     "Sure, I told you there ain't no other sex here and
jacking off alone is a waste of cock juice."

     Once they were dressed, they headed for the
basketball court, one level above the lockerroom. The
phys ed instructor was named don.  He was 22 years old
and hadjust graduated from a nearby university.

     "Line up guys, you know the routine."

     All twenty guys lined up facing the instructor.
"Have you all got your jocks on? Don't want any injuries.
Drop your shorts!"

    Forty hands dug into the waistbands of gym shorts and
lowered them to their knees.  Don looked down the row of
jockstrap clad teenage guys.  Taking his time, he
compared the bulges the guys displayed for him.  Theolder
guys, of course, showed the biggest ones, while some of
the younger ones showed promise.

     "Turn around!" He shouted.

     The guys turned to show him their jock framed asses.
One of the guys had a bright red ass.

     "What happened to your butt, henderson?"

     "The dean got me, sir.  Got me hard."

     "Looks like it. I want you to walk down the row and
show each guy your ass.  Let them see what happens when
guys are bad.  What did you do to get spanked by the
dean?"

     Henderson looked down at the floor and said nothing.

     "I asked you what happened, kid?"

     "I was caught jacking off."

     "Is that all?" Don asked.

     "Well, one of the guards was spanking another guy
and I was getting off watching, when I was caught."

     The other guys in the row chuckled as henderson
walked down the row stopping in front of each guy to show
off his ass. When he stopped in front of Larry, he smiled
at him before turning his red ass to him.  The smile and
the smooth, tight red ass caused Larry's prick to give a
little jump in his jock.  This did not go unnoticed by
the hunky gym instructor.

     After an hour of basketball, don excused the guys.
He told Larry to report to his office so he could work
out a personal exercise program for him as he did all the
guys at Westfield. When the guys entered the locker room,
Jim told Larry, "don is a real hunk.  He's new here, this
year, but I hear he plays around. Let me know what
happens.  I'll see you back at the barrack this
afternoon."

     Larry went to don's office door and knocked.  "Come
in." When he entered he saw don wearing only his
jockstrap. It looked damp from sweat causing the nylon to
be almost transparent.

     "Strip down to your jock, Larry.  I want to see how
developed your body is." Don ordered.  Larry shucked all
of his clothes, including shoes and sox and stood up for
inspection.

     Don walked over to him and began feeling his
muscles.  Taking a clipboard from his desk along with a
tape measure, don measured Larry's biceps, forearms,
neck, chest and waist.  Lowering the tape measure
toLarry's hips, which were wrapped in the waistband of
the jock, don said, "you got a hell of a body stud. Turn
around."

     Larry did as ordered.  He felt don's hands cup his
ass cheeks, briefly, then measured his thighs and calves.
Turning Larry around again, he said "gotta get your
inseam."

     Don took one end of the measure and pushed it gently
against the place in Larry's crotch where the two leg
bands joins the jock pouch. Larry's cock gave a jump.

     "Looks like your cock likes my hand down here,
stud."

     "Yes sir.  I can't help it."

     "I know, kid. Looks like you got a healthy cock in
this cup." Don said as he opened his hand and grasp
Larry's bulge.  He massaged Larry's jock encased dick
until it was rock hard and sticking straight out through
stretch nylon.  Larry trembled in excitement.  Don stood
up and let Larry see his own tented jock pouch and then
leaned against Larry so their pouches rubbed together. He
reached around, grabbing Larry's ass cheeks and pulled
the two hardon jocks together.  Larry looked down at the
excited cocks begging for release and saw that both of
them had big wet gobs of prefuck juice soaking through
their jock pouches. More and more clear fluid flowed from
their piss slits, though the material forming one big
glob of excited man juice.

     "Get on the massage table, kid. Hurry."

     Larry jumped on the table and laid back.  Don,
grabbed Larry's hard cock and pulled the jock down his
legs.  Then he went to his desk drawer and pulled out a
tube of gel and smeared it all over Larry's dick. Still
wearing his distented jock, he climbed up on the table
and straddled Larry's hips.  Reaching behind him, he
grabbed Larry's cock and aimed it at his asshole. Slowly
he lowered himself onto the big guy's dick.

     Larry looked down to see his cock disappearing into
the young coach'sbutthole.  The coach's jock was soaked
with precum jizz.

     "Fuck me, kid! Fuck me good and hard....Yeah....That
feels greatall the way up in me." The coach said
honestly.

     Larry's body was trembling with the need to cum.
For five minuteshe pumped his dick in and out of the
coach.  Al the time the coach talkeddirty to Larry
driving his excitement even more.

     "Fuck me good guy. Yeah. I want to feel you blast a
load of teen cum up my hole. Make that teen prick feel
like a million. Every since I saw your cock hardening in
that jock when you were inspecting henderson's sore ass,
I knew I had to have it crammed in my butt."

     "I can't hold back...I'm gonna cum.. I am
cumming..." Larry screamed.

    He bucked wildly as his dick fucked deep into the
phys ed instructor's slick, hot butt.  Pow! Pow! Waves of
sexual torment wracked through his body as he shot a big
load of cum into the man.

    Larry looked down at the instructor's bulging jock
pouch and saw the coach was cumming to.  Right through
his tight white nylon jock pouch. The hot jizz oozed
right through the material and dripped down theoutline of
his cock shaft.  He cried out and squeezed Larry's
shoulders as squirt after squirt of manfuck juice
saturated the jock pouch.  Pulling himself off of Larry's
prick, he leaned up and forced his cum soaked pouch into
Larry's face, smearing cock cream all over the guy.
Larry opened his mouth and welcomed the instructor's jock
into it.  He sucked the juices out of the pouch with a
rage.  The sweet salty taste andthe smell exhausted
Larry.  When he'd sucked out all the juices that he could
salvage from the wet pouch, the coach collapsed on top of
him. They laid in that position for a few minutes and
then hit the shower together.

     Larry was on his way back to his assigned dorm at
the reformatory. His mind was numb recalling each of the
male sexual encounters he had had over the last three
days.  Especially, the coach.

     Suddenly, the door of a dorm he was passing swung
opened and a young stud burst out and ran directly into
Larry.  Larry's school books flewup into the air as Larry
fell to the pavement.  His accidental attacker also fell
to the pavement.

     The other guy jumped to to his feet ,"I'm sorry,
man.  I was in a hurry."

     "Freeze! Both of you!" A firm voice came from an
approaching guard."You know the rules regarding fighting!
Both of you go directly to your dorm's.  I'll be in
contact with you in a few minutes."

     "But we were not fighting.  I accentally knocked him
down!" Cried Larry's attacker.

     "That's right!" Larry agreed.

     "Bullshit!" Shouted the guard.

     The guard took their names off of their nylon wrist
straps and ordered them to their dorm rooms.

     Larry hurried into his barracks, as the dorms were
called by the inmates.  Upon entering, he rushed to Jim
to tell him what happened.  The other guys in the dorm
gathered around.

     "Oh, shit!" Jim said to Larry.

     "If you're caught fighting they send you to the
dean!"

      "The dean?" Larry asked.

     "The dean of discipline." Jim said.  "This is really
bad, Larry."

     The other guys offered sympathy to Larry's situation
then wandered back to their bunks.  Larry fell back on
his bunk.  It was 7:15 pm.

     At 8pm sharp, the guard who nabbed Larry came
stomped into the dorm and ordered Larry to report to
building 86 at once.

      The guard ordered Larry to don a jockstrap and his
pants.  No shirtand no socks.

     The guys watched as Larry changed his clothes
quickly and followed the guard out of the door.

      The guard led him to the door of building 86 and
opened the doorfor the guy.  "This is it, kid.  When you
come back out of here you won't feel like fighting for a
year!"

     Larry heard the door close and lock behind him.  A
cement staircase was ahead of him.  There was no way out.
He slowly climbed the stairs lit only by bare light
bulbs.  At the top of the stairs was a sign with three
words on it:

     Attitude Adjustment Center

     He opened the door beside of the sign and walked
into a room where six other guys were sitting on wooden
straight back chairs along one wall. The room was stark.
A set of double doors held a sign reading "dean."

     He looked at the other guys and they looked up at
him.  Fear was in all of their eyes.  Suddenly fear came
over Larry too.  He sat down beside the guy he had
encountered to get into this mess.

     "I'm Ron Voight.  I'm really sorry I got you into
this mess. You'll never forgive me for this, I know, but
I'm really sorry." The guy seemed very sincere.

     "It's not your fault.  It's the guard's fault for
being so stupid. Now, exactly what are we in for?"

     "I've only heard rumors of what goes on here," Ron
said.

     One of the youngest guys, a blond young kid, was
whimpering. He looked up and said, "none of us have been
here before but I hear it is terrible what the 'dean of
discipline does to guys."

     The double doors opened and a guard came through
them into the waiting room.

     "I see you are all here.  You've all probably heard
stories of how we are forced to deal with those of you
who just can't adjust to our facility.  What you will
experience throughout the rest of this night is done to
adjust your behaviorial pattern.  If you offer any, let
me reinterate, any resistance you will find it will be
the worst mistake you've ever made.

     You are all to go into the room now and line up
facing the desk in the room! Move!!!"

     The guys rushed into the room and lined up facing
the desk. The room was dimly lit but the guys could see
that the big room was filled with all kinds of tables and
equipment.  A large first aid kit hung onone wall.  From
the rafters hung several sets of chains with wrist
clampsat their ends.

       They heard the double doors close behind them.
Then it's lock was secured.  The guys stood facing the
desk for fifteen minutes before anything happened.  It
was the last fifteen minutes of peace they were to enjoy
for many, many hours.

     A booming voice from behind them shouted "turn
around, fools!"The guys did an about face and their eyes
feel onto a huge hulk of a mandressed in black leather
from head to toe.  Moreover, he wore a leather mask so
the guys could not identify who the dean of discipline
was.

     The dean walked up to the guys and inspected each
one.

     "Take off your pants!" He shouted.

     The guys scurried to get thier pants off.  All were
soon again lined up wearing jockstraps.

     "Bend over and grab your ankles!"

     The guys complied as the dean walked behind them.
He inspected each of the guy's asses.  He ran his leather
gloved fingertips over some of them.  When he got to the
young blond who as whimpering in the ante room, he ran
his fingertip up and down the crack of his ass and then
asked,"what's your name, guy?"

      "Glenn, sir.  Allen Glenn."

     "Well, Glenn, I think you and me are going to be
real good friendstonight. That is...If you cooperate like
a good little lad," the deansaid.

     "Yes, sir.  Whatever you want!"

     "Very good, guy.  Now, I am going to start off by
spanking each ofyour friend's asses.  But, they won't
feel the pain as much if thier asses are not wet.  So,
Glenn, I want you to get behind them and spit ontheir
butts then rub the spit in real good with your tongue.
Got it?"

     "Yes, sir." The youth jumped up and ran behind Larry
first. He spit twice, once on each bun and then squated
down to lick Larry's butt. The dean was right behind
Glenn.  Somehow, the feeling of the guy's tongue on
Larry's ass excited Larry until he felt the dean's hand
come crashing down with great force against his butt.  He
was hit with such force thathe fell forward, flat on his
stomach. Before he could get up the dean had knealt down
and slammed another spank onto his ass, then another and
another and another.

     Larry cried out in pain as hard blow after hard blow
was unleashed on his butt.

     "Now, get up and shut up!" The dean ordered.

     The next guy was prepared for the blow.  Though he
maintained his stance, he screamed out in pain as his
butt was thouroughly beaten by the dean.

     Young Glenn continued to spit and lick each ass
preparing it for the dean.  The dean went down the row
until he'd finished with the last guy.  He then looked
down at Glenn.

     "Shackle them!" The dean ordered.

     Glen led each guy to a pair of the shackles hanging
from the ceiling and clamped their wrist into the metal
locking devices. There was noorder to the way the
shackles hung and guys were strung up all over the room.

     As the guy locked each of the other guys into place,
the dean checked the locks on each of their wrist and
then checked the welts he'd put on their butts.

     Larry pulled on the chains attached to his wrist.
He tested their strength and determined that there was
simply no escape.

     After the dean verified that each guy was secured he
looked at Glenn and said, "guy, come over here.  Take off
my gloves and my boots."

     The guy complied quickly.  He crawled over to the
dean, somehow he just didn't want to stand and walk.  He
found that he was somehow enjoying being the servant of
the dean.  He first pulled off the dean's boots andthen
pulled off the gloves.  The dean reached out for the
gloves and the guy handed them to him. The dean looked
down into the beautiful innocent face of the young guy.
He reached down and gently rubbed his bare fingers over
the kid's cheeks.  Then, surprisingly, he took the gloves
in his left hand and slapped the guy across the face with
them.  The lad fell backwards but didn't cry out.

     "What did you do to end up here tonight, Glenn?"

     The youth once again climbed up on his kness and
said, "I refused to suck off a cook when I was on kp
duty, sir.  He told me if I didn't he'd report that I
stole food, sir."

     "Why did you refuse to suck his cock?" The dean
asked.

     "Because I don't like him."

     "Do you like the guys who are here tonight?"

     The guy hesitated a minute and then mumbled "..Yes,
sir."

     "Then I want you to go to each one of them and suck
on theirjockstrap pouches while I give them more
discipline.  Any questions?"

     "No, sir.  Whatever you want, sir."

     The guy immediately got crawled over to Larry who
was hangingclosest to him.  Somewhat reluctantly, he
pressed his face into the fulljock pouch and began moving
his open mouth all around the sweaty cottonpouch.  He
pulled back and wetted his tongue and then began running
histongue over the bulging mound.  Larry looked down at
the youth's face.  Hewas becoming aroused.  This
surprised Larry considering the circumstances.The dean
was also watching the performance of the guy's tongue on
Larry's jock pouch.

       The dean walked over to Larry and squeezed his
nipples very hard. Larry's face became contorted and
twisted, yet he made no sound.  The dean walked behind
Larry and began spanking his ass again.  Each spank
onLarry's butt pushed his jockstrap pouch harder and
harder into Glenn'smouth.  Larry looked down and saw
Glenn's jockpouch tented with a fullhard-on.  The kid was
really getting into this scene.  Again and again the
dean's hand spanked into Larry's asscheeks.  Finally, the
dean and Glenn moved onto the next guy.

     Larry's ass burned.  He wished he could rub his
cheeks...Somehow that always relieved the heat after a
spanking. Not that Larry had had that many spankings.  He
looked over at Ron who was being serviced by young Glenn
and spanked by the leather hooded dean. Ron's jockpouch
was fully extended from the guy's mouth work even those
he was getting a very hard spanking from the dean of
discipline.  Then the dean went onto the next guy and
then the next. Larry could watched as each of the others
got their jocks sucked and their asses reddened.  One of
the guys, a tall, lanky kid had a hardon in his jock.  As
the dean spanked him harder and harder the guy moaned as
he forced his jockpouch into Glenn's mouth.  The cock
stretched the jock so far from his groin that Larry could
see into it from the sides. When the dean finished
spanking his ass, he walked to the front of the guy and
pulled Glenn's face back from the crammed pouch.

     "Looks like you get turned on by spanking and pouch
suckin', kid"

     "Yes, sir. I just can't help myself," the guy told
the dean.

     "Glenn," the dean said,"take this guy's balls out of
his jockand suck on them in front of all the other guys."

     Glenn pulled the elastic pouch away from the guy's
crotch and reached in and pulled his balls out to the
left side of the pouch. The kid's cock remained
concealed.  The balls were big and almost hairless.
Young Glenn cupped the big balls in his small hand then
stuck his tongue outand began bathing them with it. The
jock covered prick pushed against theball licking lad's
forehead and hair.

     "That's good, Glenn.  Get them real wet and
slippery.  Yeah! Now, lick up under them where the jock's
straps meet .  Good guy. Now try to get both of his balls
in your mouth at once....Keep tryin' guy....Guess you
just can't do it.  Balls must be packed with a lot of
cum...." The dean of discipline commented.

     The dean looked down at blond Glenn and ordered him
to go to all of the other suspended guys and take their
balls out of their jocks andlick their balls too.  After
receiving the order, Glenn stood up.  The youth's own
cock was rock hard in his jockstrap too.

     "Wait a minute, Glenn.  Come stand in front of me!"
The dean ordered.  He turned the guy facing the suspended
guys and from behind the lad, he reached down and began
feeling up the guy's hard cock through his tight white
jock.

    The dean began grinding his own crotch against the
guy's ass. The sight was turning on all of the other
guys.  One byone the guys all sprung up hard cocks in
their jockstraps.  Finally the dean let go of Glenn's
cotton covered crotch.  A large wet blob of precumjuice
had oozed from the young guy's piss slit and soaked the
jock's material.  His prickhead was clearly visible to
the other guys.

     "Looks like you're damn well excited, Glenn.  Now,
go lick the prisoner's balls.  Get them spanking clean!"
The dean ordered.

     Larry was the first to have his balls cleaned up by
the kid. Larry'sprick surged to full erection as he
watched the young man working hismouth over Larry's
balls. Glenn looked up into Larry's face and thenwinked
and placed his mouth right over the head of Larry's
bulging cock and ran his tongue over the sensitive head a
few times.  Larry threw his head back in pleasure.  But,
it was short lived as the guy moved onto another guy and
gave him the same treatment.

       Larry watched each guy getting his balls washed by
Glenn. Glennturned Larry on.  He liked the guy.  He liked
him a lot.  He knew if hegot out of this torture chamber
alive he was going to have that guy to himself.

     Glenn looked around the room at the bound guys.  He
knew he was going to get fucked for the first time in his
life and all of these other guys were going to get to
watch.

       "Stand up, guy!" The dean ordered.  Glenn jumped
to his feet.

     The dean leaned forward in his chair and reached for
the guy's jockpouch.  He kneaded the guy's prick through
the guy's pouch for a few minutes.  He then reached up
and pulled the waistband down to just under the kid's
balls.  Glenn's young prick snapped to attention.  Itwas
uncut and about five inch es long.  The dean wrapped his
right hand around it and began jacking it causing the
head to be capped and uncapped. Lots of precum juice
oozed into a big glob at the guy's piss slit.  The dean
gathered the guy drippings on his index finger and then
pulled theguy back into the spanking position.

     Larry was mezmerized when the dean spread Glenn's
ass cheeks andspread the guy's own precum juices right in
the guy's own asshole.

     The dean worked in the first and second joints of
his index finger. Glenn squirmed on the dean's lap as he
felt the finger going deeper and deeper into his guy ass.
Within a afew minutes the guy's body seemed to stop
tensing and began relaxing.

       Suddenly the guy's body quaked strongly as the
dean's finger touched the guy's prostate. The guy
surprised Larry when he leaned up to the intruding finger
and relaxed again...The guy repeated this act until the
dean took over control again and started ramming his
finger in and out of the guy's ass rapidly.

     The dean finally pulled the finger out and ordered
the guy to stand.

     "You liked that didn't you, kid?"

     "Yes, sir.  I liked it, sir." The guy answered.

     "Now look around at your buddies.  I want you to
chose one."

     Glenn looked over all the guy's hanging around him.

     "That one!" The guy pointed at Larry.

     "Release him from the bonds, Glenn."

     The guy picked up the stool he'd used to stand on
when he chained the guys up and placed it beside of
Larry.  The guy stood directly infront of Larry while he
unlatched the wrist shackles. The guy's naked hard cock
poked into Larry's face.  He could not help himself from
taking a quick lick of the hard guy cock.  His tongue was
treated to a hot gush ofprefuck jizz.  Soon Larry was
released and was also standing beside of Glenn directly
in front of the dean.

     The dean's prick was standing at full attention
under his leather jock.  A lot of precum had worked it's
way from underneath the waistband.

     The dean looked at Larry's body.  He ordered Larry
to turn aroundso he could see the results of the spanking
Larry took.

     Then, facing the dean again, Larry dropped his arms
to his side and stood erect.

     "What's your name guy?"

     "Larry, sir!"

     "Larry, you understand that we've got to train
Glenn? We want him to remember this night so he won't
steal again?"

     "Yes, sir!" Larry replied to the dean.

     "Glenn, strip Larry's jock down."

     Larry dropped to his knees.  He tried to grasp the
waistband with his teeth but the straps were so tight it
was difficult.  He placed his mouth right above the
protrusion of the dean's cockhead and firmly grasp the
jock and pulled it down over the great man's prick a few
inches. Finally he was able to work the jock down under
the balls and down overthe dean's thighs.

     The dean looked into Larry's eyes.  The expression
of almost pleading was in Larry's face.

     The dean knew Larry wanted to take the huge man
prick in his mouth.

     The other guys as well as Glenn looked at the
largest prick they'dever seen.  Easily eleven inches long
and about eight inches around.

     The dean ordered the guys to stand and remove the
chair.  As theycomplied, the dean lowered a black leather
sling from the ceiling.

       He picked up Glenn and laid the guy back in the
sling.  Then he secured the guy's ankles and ordered
Larry to strap the guy's wrist.  The sling had no head
support so the guy's face dropped back directly into
Larry's crotch.  The guy's ankles were tied so far above
him that his asscheeks hung slightly over the endof the
sling revealing his ass and butthole.

      "Larry, get around here. " The dean ordered.  Larry
stood in frontof the dean.  Larry looked at all of the
other guy's suspended aroundthem.  He knew he was going
to do private things in front of all of thembut he no
longer cared.  He wanted only to please the dean of
discipline.

     "Larry, you and I will make this night a permanent
memory in Glenn's mind.  I have to fuck him.  I want you
to prepare my prick for the fuck.  Sometimes guys cry out
pretty loud when they take my cock forthe first time.
So, when I start fucking him I want you to cram that
hotrod of yours down his throat. Now, get on your knees
and get my prickready for the fuck, guy!"

     Larry dropped to his knees and began licking the
dean's fat balls.They felt like they were packed with
jizz anxious to blast into young Glenn's butt.  He worked
his way up the shaft kissing and sucking on thesides of
the huge dick.  Further up until his tongue circled the
headof the big cut cock.  Larry paid special attention to
the spot directly under the head of the backside of the
dean's cock.  Circumcized guys always were most sensitive
there.  The dean shook from excitment as Larry worked up
to the pricktip.  A gush of precum emerged from the tiny
hole at the tip.

     "Leave that there, Larry.  I'll use it on his
ass,"the dean said as he pulled away from Larry and aimed
his spit covered cock toward Glenn's ass.

     Larry ran into position at the guys head.  Glenn
opened his mouthto accept, willingly, Larry's dick.

     All of the guy's watched as the leather hooded dean
pushed his cockhead against Glenn's virgin butthole.  As
he pushed into the guy, Glenn began twisting and trying
to get away.  Muffled cries were coming from his cock
crammed mouth.  There was no escaping the fuck.  The guy
knew that.  The dean withdrew the two inches of cock he'd
shoved into the guy and allowed him to relax a moment.
The guy's cock was soft for the first time in a few
hours. It was wet and gooey but soft.

     After a moment the dean again shoved the two inches
into the guy. Then another and another.  The guy began to
twist and squirm again butthis time, instead of pulling
out, the dean just stopped pushing anymoreand allowed the
young kid to relax with four inches of cock buried in
him.

     Larry began a fucking motion in and out of Glenn's
mouth. Suddenly, a cry was heard from one of the guy's
shackled to the ceiling chains.

     His jockpouch was fully stretched and his prickhead
protruded twoinches above the waistband.  As all of the
others watched, his prick erupted shooting wads of fresh
hot cum arching into the air landing on Glenn's stomach
and chest.

     "Way to go, mark!" One of the other suspended guys
shouted whilehis own cock throbbed in his jock.

     The dean paused during the fuck to watch mark's cum
fly.  It excitedhim all the more.  He shoved again and
again into young Glenn.  Finally, with a great shove he
sent his cock all the way into the guys ass!

     Glenn try to scream but to no avail.  His throat was
filled with cock and it was all he could do to breate.
After a full moment of tension his body began to relax.
But then the dean pulled his prick out and shovedit in
again.

     "There's nothing like fucking a guy who ass is
freshly spanked. I like this feeling of his hot asscheeks
shoved against my groin andthighs," the dean admitted to
the guys.

     Soon Larry and the dean were fucking the guy in
harmonic motion. In together, out together.  Both from
opposit ends of the kid.

     Within a few minutes the guy joined in the fucking
motion, the first indication that he was enjoying this,
his first fuck.

     The dean looked down at the guy and saw that his
kidcock had sprunginto full erection.  He wanted to stoke
it for the kid but his handswere firly grasping the guy's
ankles.

     "Okay, Larry.  Let's give this kid our loads.  Let's
fill him fullof hot cum.  Pull your cock out of his
throat and just have the head of it in his mouth when you
shoot.  That way he gets the full benefit of your jizz."

     "Yes, dean, sir.  I'm ready to pop right now." Larry
said.

     The dean began to pump his dick harder into Glenn.
Glenn tried to fuck back but was not too successful
considering his bounds.

     "Here it comes, Glenn! I'm cumminggggggg," the dean
screamed asa torrent of jizm shot from the base of the
huge cock, up the tube tothe end of the prick and shot
into the young kid.

       Larry tried to pull his cock from the guy's throat
and into his mouth but in the excitment Glenn dropped his
head and Larry's prick popped out of his mouth just as
Larry began shooting off. Larry 'sscreams of ecstacy
blended with the dean's.

     "I'm squirting, Glenn.  I'm squirting all over your
face.  I'm shooting cum into your open fucking mouth.
Kid....I cummmming......"

     The dean screwed his jisming prick deeper and deeper
into the guy.The guy's own cock began shooting off
without even being touched.  Histhin young load of man
juice shot everywhere.  On the dean's stomach, overonto
Larry's chest and onto his own body.

       The guy's face was covered with cum.  He hung his
mouth open trying to catch each volley of hot fuck juice
that Larry shot at him.  Finally, the fuck was completed
and the three body's relaxed. The dean pulled his cum
slick cock out of the freshly fucked guy.

      After regaining his breath, the dean spoke to the
other guys. "Now, I've shown you how to give a kid a good
fuck.  I want to make sure you all know how.  So, Larry
will take off your shackles and each of you are going to
fuck Glenn.  None of you can cum in his ass! You'll line
up and fuck him till you're ready to cum.  Just when
you're about to shoot, you'll go around the sling to
Glenn's face and Larry will jack your load into his open
mouth."
