Copyright © 1998,  Taka Hike.      ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit without
the written permission of the author.  This story may be freely
distributed with this notice attached.  The author may be contacted
by writing mrdouble@mrdouble.com.





"Deborah"

by Taka Hike






--------------------------------
The following is a TRUE story.  Only her name has been changed.

A friend of my father's was pretty rich and he had only one daughter, Deborah.
She had waist length brown hair and was on the slender side, but definitely a
woman in her 20's.  It was near Christmas and my family was staying with them
at their house.  It was a very large house and easy to get lost in -
especially when you didn't know the place. After dinner the adults wanted to
talk and made Deborah my temporary babysitter (I was around 11-12). I followed
her down stairs and across hallways for quite a ways before coming to a
sliding door with a nice sofa and color television.  We started watching TV
and after a while she patted the seat of the sofa right next to her and told
me I should sit closer. I was already fantasizing about her as though she was
a date, so I was only too anxious to sit down next to her.  She started
touching my hair and then rubbing my neck and back.  She asked me if it felt
nice, and of course it did.  She laughed a little in a way that seemed strange
to me.  Then she asked if I would rub her back, too.  She turned around and
pulled her sweater off and suddenly I had a 22 year old girl in her bra
waiting for me to touch her.  It was simply impossible not to get a boner at
that age.  After a couple of minutes of rubbing her neck she looks at the
bulge in my pants and asks me what I was going to do with _that_.  I didn't
want to jump to the wrong conclusion, so I asked her "with what?"  That wasn't
the answer she was hoping for, I guess.  Either that or she was losing her
nerve, so she said "never mind" and turned back over to be massaged some more.
As I was doing this I began fully realizing that she could have only meant one
thing.  This realization was making me throb.  I suggested that she should
turn over so I could massage her front (mostly as a joke), and to my surprise
she did!  Not only that but a second later she had shucked off her jeans and
now lay before me in only her bra and panties with her eyes closed.  My pants
looked like a circus tent by now.  I ran my hands over her entire body.
Trying not to be too obvious, I began homing in on her pussy.  She sensed this
and said "not that part".  Naturally I went to the next best thing - her tits.
To my surprise she didn't seem to mind me touching there, although she was
still wearing her bra.  It was fascinating and exciting just the same.  I
could have spent hours feeling those soft bumps that filled their triangular
white cups so perfectly.  I loved how they oozed up and out to spread across
her ribcage as I pressed down on them or compressed them between my fingers.
Every once in a while she would open her eyes and look down at what I was
doing to her breasts, then glance at me and smile.  Then she would close her
eyes and let me proceed without saying a word. This repeated itself about
three times before her hand moved between my legs.  She looked surprised and
sat up.  She began unfastening my belt and pants for me, saying "you want me
to show you what to do?"  I'd had some rudimentary experiences already, but I
didn't want to say anything that might alter the course of what was happening
so I remained silent. When I was down to my shorts she moved my dick first one
way then the other saying "I think you've outgrown your underwear - you'll
have to get a bigger size next time" and all the while her hand is pushing my
hard cock around inside my shorts - first one way then the other, brushing the
head back and forth against the cotton fabric.  I'd never felt anything as
exciting as what she was doing, plus the view down between her bra-clad chest
was a thrill I'd never had before with an adult woman.
Finally she pulled my shorts down to my ankles and made me stand there while
she bounced my dick around with her fingers.  It was a peculiar situation to
me.  Normally if someone had asked me if I would like to have a 22 year old
girl playing with my cock....but this was frustrating as hell.  All the time
she kept giggling like it was funny to her.  After what seemed like an
eternity to me, she turned me around and pulled me down on her lap.  Her left
hand came around my waist and held my cock firmly.  Her right hand worked the
TV remote control. It was like she was dividing her concentration - half to
the television and half to me.   Her hand was working away on my shaft, but
painfully slowly!  I think that's what turned her on - my desperation to cum.
I was determined not to ruin whatever slim chance I had, so I continued being
her boy-puppet without complaint.  I was soon to be rewarded when she flipped
channels and landed on "I Dream of Jeannie."  She kept asking me questions
like "what would you do if you were her master?"   Something that any man
alive could answer better than Major Nelson, it would seem!   I don't know
why, but Deborah decided to start sucking on me during commercials.  Again,
she did it just enough to start boiling the cum in my balls, but not so long
as to actually allow orgasm.  After the second commercial break like this I
suggested we play a game in which she was Jeannie and had to do anything I
said.  She actually agreed!  I could have had a lot of fun with that situation
if it had started earlier on, but by then I just wanted to cum of course.  I
felt like I had a gallon of it boiling in me!  I told her to take off her bra
and rub me a lot faster.  She had thrown her bra across the room and said
"yes, master!" in a blink.  As she began milking my cock toward her, her soft
breasts rippled and bounced hypnotically.  About 5 seconds of this was all I
could take at this point!  Triple streams of cum went everywhere!  Mostly on
her chest, it seemed.  I was so drained by then that watching her rub my cum
into her breasts barely kept my attention. 
Nothing this extreme ever happened between us again, but whenever we would see
each other she would manage to grab my crotch at least once and wink at me
seductively.  She loved to see me squirm as I tried to hide the inevitable
erection in a room full of people.
A couple of years later at a dinner she ended up seated next to me.  Every
time her left hand wasn't being used to eat with she would rest it on my lap.
She wasn't actually touching me - just resting it there.  Still, it's not easy
to eat when you're 14 and a young woman's hand is in your lap.  I could feel
the weight of it.  I stared at it's twin (her right hand).  Knowing that the
same beautifully manicured long nails were nestled between my thighs was all
it took to keep me stiff and she knew it.  Her right hand seemed to putting on
a show for me.  From the way she slid her hand along the bread sticks at the
start of the meal to how she dipped a finger into the whipped cream on the pie
and winked at me before eating it.  By then I'd given up hope of repeating
that first experience with her, so I just relaxed and enjoyed the show.
Somehow after dinner I started to feel different.  People were talking and
strolling around the place, so it wasn't difficult to get her aside where no
one could hear me.  She was dressed in a beige velvet dress that matched her
skin color perfectly.  At first glance she seemed to be walking around naked,
which I realized was probably intentional since she got off on seeing men
walking around hard.  She asked me if I enjoyed dinner, and then laughed a
little at her own cleverness.  I told her that I needed to see her alone.  She
told me to follow her and then headed for one of the bedrooms.  It was huge
with gigantic walk-in closets and a bathroom big enough for an arena!   She
said to wait a moment while she checked around.  She walked down one of the
small hallways leading out of the bedroom and a moment later I heard
unfamiliar voices from the opposite side of the room, and I didn't want anyone
to think I'd been snooping around on my own so I slipped out the same way
Deborah had gone.  Like I said, the house was huge and now I was lost.
Nothing was familiar and by the time I found her again everyone was putting on
their coats and leaving.  I joined my family reluctantly, and as my parents
were saying a few more words to their friend Deborah came up and gave me a big
long hug.  Then a kiss and another hug.  It wasn't her usual style, but at
that age when a beautiful woman wants to hug and kiss you count your
blessings.
Later that night back home I was undressing and getting ready for bed when I
discovered Deborah had tucked a note in my pocket!  So that's what all the
hugging was about!  I quickly opened it and promptly popped another boner!
Again and again I read those magic words..."Next time we fuck! - Deb"  It
seemed like such a contradiction seeing vulgar language written on fine
stationery and in her beautifully scripted feminine penmanship, too!  For
weeks after I would start getting hard just from reading that note.  It was
almost better than porno!  It was tangible proof that I hadn't dreamed it!  
Ironically the "next time" we went over there was around a year later - for
Deborah's wedding!  No, she didn't keep her promise (no surprise).
However....there _is_ another story as to the events that day.  Another story
for another day.


























--


Double for Nothing!!  Tricks for Free!!!

www.mrdouble.com

Be There.....