Hi, honey.  Come on in and have a seat.

It's been three months now, and I just wanted to see how you've been doing
with your promise to quit smoking. 

Oh, really?  That's wonderful.  I'm *so* proud of you.  But there's just
one little thing I wanted to mention... 

I got a phone call an hour or so ago.  Someone told me that they saw you
smoking out in the back yard, behind the storage shed.  No, never mind who
told on you.  Is it true? 

Oh, good, what a relief.  Well, then, I'm sure you won't mind letting me
take a quick sniff of your fingers and your breath.  Hold still.  I said
hold still! 

::sigh::  Honey, I *really* wish you hadn't done this.  That *was* you out
there smoking.  I can smell it on you quite plainly. 

No -- no excuses.  You broke your promise.  You sneaked outside behind my
back to do it.  And you lied to me about it.  Is that the way we deal with
each other in this household? 

Tears are not going to make the slightest bit of difference here.  You
screwed up.  You risked your health and our relationship.  What do you
think I ought to do about it? 

Yes, of course... I'm sure you think you'll never do it again.  But that's
what you told me the last time, and here we are.  Obviously, a promise
doesn't mean much to you, does it?  So what are we going to do to make a
bigger impression on you this time? 

A spanking?  You think a simple spanking is punishment enough for breaking
a promise... *and* deceitfulness... *and* lying? 

Neither do I.  I think you're in for something considerably more
impressive than a few swats on the backside, missy.  Are you prepared to
submit to a real punishment? 

Very well.  If I get total cooperation from you, perhaps we'll be able to
be friends again at the end of what you're about to get.  If not, of
course... 

Good.  I applaud your intent.  However, I warn you, you are *not* going to
like this even a little bit. 

Remove your clothes, now.  I said NOW!

*ALL* of them!

Very good.  Now, come over here to this chair.  That's right, you've done
this before.  Bend over the back.  Good, now give me your hands. 

Of course you think you'll hold still.  I promise you, though, missy, you
will *not* be able to hold still for this.  Now, give me your hands before
I change my mind! 

There.  Are those ropes comfortable?  Not cutting off circulation?  Good. 
Now for your ankles... spread those legs, please... wider... 

Excellent.  Please do me the favor of struggling just a bit so I can make
sure you are securely tied.  No?  Let me provide a small incentive... 

There, that's better.  Lovely.  Looks like you're there for the duration.

Now, just to set the scene... you remember this old friend, don't you?  We
had a bit of a hard time getting it in last time, but I'm sure you will
present no such difficulty today.  Let me prepare it... there.  Now...
relax those muscles... I said RELAX them... that's good.  

What are you crying about?  I've given you nothing to cry about yet...
you'll be crying plenty, later.  There... very good... I knew you could
take this if you wanted to. 

Well, of *course* it burns.  Girls who keep their promises get the regular
lube.  We keep Ben Gay around for girls who don't. 

Good.  *Very* good, in fact.  You are now ready to accept your punishment,
right? 

RIGHT?

SAY IT, missy.  Tell me that you're ready to accept your punishment!

Very well.  This punishment will be divided into three parts:  First, for
smoking -- which is bad for your health and is a breach of a promise to
me.  Second, for your furtive ugly little sneaking around, which is
beneath you.  And third, worst of all, for lying -- for turning our
relationship into betrayal and deceit. 

Do you agree?

Good.  For the first part, I decided that since you enjoy burning plants
so much, it is your turn to be burned by some plants in return.  Yes...
just in case that phone call turned out to be true, I took the liberty of
picking a nice bouquet of nettles. 

Yes.  Well, of course it's going to hurt.  Here's a suggestion:  when it
burns, just think of the burn of that filthy cigarette smoke going into
your lungs. 

Feel it?  Feel the burn?  The itch?  On your lying bottom?  On your
thighs?  On your pussy?  Yes, missy, it *is* awful.  It *should* be awful. 
And it's going to get much, much worse. 

Oh, that's lovely.  Your bottom is turning red as flame.  And little white
blisters all over it.  Feel them?  Here, have some more... 

There.  Now I hardly need tell you that if all you had done was smoked a
cigarette, your punishment would be over now.  But for your deceitfulness
and your lying, it's only just beginning. 

I'm going to give that nettle rash two minutes to reach its full burn, and
then, missy, you will feel the paddle... 

[two minute intermission -- go get yourself a cup of coffee, gang!]

All right, missy, your time is up.  How is that bottom doing?  Oh,
perfect... just a little pinch, and *such* a dramatic reaction.  Imagine
how the paddle is going to feel. 

Oh, stop that crying.  You'll have plenty to cry about in just a moment.

Very well.  For sneakiness and deceit, you will receive forty hard strokes
of the paddle.  These holes over that rash should create an interesting
effect.  No, you don't have to count them; I hardly think you will be able
to.  Prepare yourself... 

There, that's eight.  One-fifth of the total.  What do you mean you can't
stand it?  You don't have much choice, do you?  Get ready... the next
sixteen are going to be harder... 

All right, blow your nose.  Here's a hanky.  A drink of water?  Of course,
just a moment.  There, better? 

Sixteen to go.  Since your bottom is starting to look a bit shredded, most
of these will be on your thighs... no?... you'd rather have more on your
bottom?  Well, those are your only two choices.  Never mind, I'll use
both... 

... three... two... ONE!  Good.  Catch your breath, then let me hear an
apology for your deceit. 

Apology accepted.  Now, missy, you know the penalty for lying.

Well, of course.  Surely you didn't think you were going to get less than
the standard, just because you were foolish enough to make other mistakes
along with your lie. 

What do you mean I can't?  I can, and I will.  Twelve strokes of the cane
on your lying bottom, as hard as I can.  Thirty second intervals.  Get
ready, damn you. 

ONE!

... TWO!

... THREE!

Fine.  If you never forgive me, I'll just have to live with it.  But you
are *not* escaping one single stroke of this punishment, missy. 

... FOUR!

... FIVE!

A few stripes on your thighs now, I think...

... SIX!

... SEVEN!

And on the other one...

... EIGHT!

... NINE!

Let's get this over with, shall we?  The last three all in a row...

TEN!  ELEVEN!  TWELVE!

There.  Would you care to offer another apology for your lie?

Accepted, my love.  Let me loosen those ropes... ah, yes... 

Here... it's a washcloth soaked in ice water... here, honey, let me clean
you up.  Oh, not too bad, just a couple of places where the skin is
broken... we'll get you some Band-Aids in a sec... 

Oh, honey, I love you *so* much... I just can't stand the idea of you
making yourself sick... or even killing yourself... 

Please don't ever make me do this to you again...

Upstairs to bed?  Are you sure?  Well, if you insist...

[fade out]
