Archive-name: Bondage/desl01.txt
Archive-author: Deslock
Archive-title: Bound to Please


     Lisa stood in the doorway as I made my way down stairs.
She was absolutely beautiful.  Lisa is about 5'8" with a
figure that would make any woman green with envy.  She has
hypnotic brown eyes that are accented by her long brown
hair.  Lisa was attired in one of my favorite outfits, a
black bra and panties with matching garter and silk
stockings.  The six inch heels enhanced her perfectly formed
legs.  This vision reminded me of the first time she
introduced me to Bondage.

     It was about three months ago and I was beginning a
long, well deserved weekend.  It had been a hard couple of
weeks at work and I was anxious to begin a little R and R.
As I sat down and began to enjoy the stiff drink I had made
for myself, Lisa entered the room and greeted me with a
very passionate kiss.  She had a robe on which covered
most of her body.  As I began to pour out the days
events, Lisa began to massage my shoulders.  Once her
nimble fingers had relieved the stress of the days events,
she stood before me and removed the robe.  Lingerie is a
passion of mine, especially in black.  Needless to say, I
was aroused immediately.  I pulled Lisa down to me and
brought her lips to mine in a passionate kiss.

     We began to explore each other with our hands.  I
caressed each curve of her body spending extra time at her
breasts.  With her finger, Lisa began to trace the outline of
my ever growing erection trapped within the confines of my
pants.  I began to nibble at her stiff nipples through the
fabric of her bra.  She began to moan with pleasure as my
right hand moved to the warm moist region between her legs.
Suddenly, Lisa broke away.  I was concerned that something
was wrong and inquired if there was a problem.  In a very
seductive manner, Lisa asked if I was interested in playing a
little game.  Sensing her mood, I knew that this game had to
be good so I told her that I was willing to play.

     Lisa explained that I must wait on the couch for fifteen
minutes and then come to the bedroom.  In my present state of
arousal I was not really in the mood to wait, but when Lisa
had and idea, it was never bad.  I asked her what I should do
when I got to the bedroom and she stated that I would know.
With that, Lisa left the room trailing her robe behind.

     It was the longest fifteen minutes ever.  While marking
off the time, I paced the room wondering what she would have
in store for me.  As each moment passed, I became more
aroused.  Finally, the time had come and I made my way up the
stairs to our bedroom.  As I entered the room I glanced to
the bed and was stunned to see Lisa on the bed bound in a
strict hogtie.  While not unfamiliar to bondage, I was
shocked that Lisa was interested.  I had no idea, but was
please at the sight.

     Lisa lie on the bed with leather cuffs encircling her
wrists and ankles.  The cuffs were attached together with
small metallic clips.  A small chain connected the wrist
cuffs to the ankle cuffs almost allowing her hands to touch
her feet.  A red ball gag was strapped around her mouth which
puffed her sensual lips.  On the bed stand, their lay a note
which read; "I am your bound slave.  I am yours to do as you
wish".

     I needed no more prompting than that and began to caress
the curves of her body.  Soon she began to moan with pleasure
as I concentrated on the more sensitive parts of her body.
But soon I realized that I was the master and that I was due
for some pleasure.  Since I had to wait, I decided that I
should be the focus of attention.  With that, I removed my
clothing and sat at the top of the bed with my back against
the headboard.  Placing Lisa's head between my legs, I
removed her ball gag and ordered her to service my aching
member.  She immediately began to trace the outline of my
cock with her tongue, flicking it ever so lightly across my
balls.  She eventually took my entire shaft and began to suck
madly.  It did not take long for me explode violently within
her mouth as she greedily sucked every last drop.

     Satisfied for the moment, I turned my attention to her
bondage.  I removed the chain connecting the two sets of
cuffs and massaged her aching limbs.  I asked her if she was
enjoying herself, to which she replied with a husky yes.  I
asked if she wished to please her master and she stated that
she would love to please me, but only if I kept her bound and
gagged.  With that, I proceeded to pull some coils of rope
that were in a large duffle bag located next to the bed.  It
appeared that Lisa thought of everything.

     Unclasping the wrist cuffs, I rolled her over on her
back and using two lengths of rope, I tied each wrist to the
top corners of the bed.  I did the same for each ankle.  I
replaced the ball gag and moved to the dresser drawer
and removed a silk scarf.  I used the scarf as a blindfold
tying it tightly behind her head.  I had decided that I would
leave her in this position while I prepared for the next
event.  But before I left, I removed an 8" dildo from the
drawer and set it to a low hum.  By this time, Lisa was very
wet and had soaked her panties with her juices.  I slid the
dildo into her panties, allowing the tip to rest at the top
of her cunt.  She began to shiver as the vibrations of the
dildo began to work its magic.  I was sure to place the
setting very low so that it was not enough for her to come.
I then left the room and let her wait.

     I left her alone for about 30 minutes.  I was so aroused
that I wanted to take her there, but I maintained my
composure and let her simmer.  When I returned to the room, I
found Lisa trying desperately to move the dildo, which had
managed to stay in place.  I could tell she was very hot and
wanted relief badly.  Of course it was not yet time and I
began to loosen the cords which held her ankles in place.
The dildo was removed as well as her panties.  I bent her
legs at the knees and brought them close to her hips.  I then
released her wrists and used the cord to tie each wrist to
its corresponding ankle.  The cords which were used to hold
her ankles in place were wrapped around her thigh and calf to
bring them tightly together.  This left her very open and
exposed.

     I then unclasped her bra and exposed her breasts and
hard nipples.  I began to massage her tits and suck on each
nipple.  Her moans were muffled by the large ball gag which
filled her mouth.  Taking the dildo, I began to rub it
against her opening, teasing her without hope of relief.  I
eventually inserted the entire 8" into her cunt thrusting
hard.  As she neared her orgasm, I suddenly removed the dildo
and watched her buck her hips trying to reclaimed what was
lost.  She began moaning loudly uttering unintelligible
sounds through her gag.

     As I watched her struggle against her bonds, I realized
that I was in need of some serious action.  I began my
teasing again, but this time with the head of my stiff prick.
Slowly I entered her warm moist tunnel, feeling her muscles
contract and pull at my cock.  I began to rub my hands up and
down her legs, feeling the silky smoothness of her nylons and
the coarseness of the ropes binding her.  I was extremely
turned on as I looked down upon her bound form.  As my lust
increased so did her breathing.  We intensified our actions,
bodies slamming together until I came with reckless abandon.
A short time after, she shook with several orgasms.

     Straddling her chest, I removed the gag and inserted my
softening prick into her dry mouth.  She slowly began to suck
my member back to an erection.  Once ready, I turned Lisa
over so that she was on her knees, with her head buried into
the pillows.  I again reached for the dildo and inserted it
into her.  Lisa was still blindfolded and was unaware that I
reached for the KY jelly on the night stand.  I lubricated my
index finger well and rubbed it against her anus.  I slowly
entered he tight hole, allowing her muscles to relax.  At the
same time, the dildo was brining her to another orgasm.  Once
again, lust took over and I lubed my cock and began to enter
her tight ass.  She began to moan loudly as I pumped her ass
with long strokes.  The feeling was incredible.  I began to
feel the tingling in my balls as I pumped faster.  Lisa began
to call out telling me to fuck her harder.  She came,
screaming loudly and asking me not to stop.  I eventually
came, releasing my entire load into her spasming ass.

     Exhausted, I retied Lisa's hands in front of her and
removed the blindfold and ankle cuffs.  We lay together in
complete satisfaction.  Needless to say, it was the beginning
of many a pleasurable time.  But that is another story.

--
