Archive-name: Bestial/dhmp3.txt
Archive-author: Tall Thin Jones 
Archive-title: I Like Big Black Chows


     My roommate has a little dog he calls Lottie.  When she is in heat
one of the neighborhood dogs, a rather large black chow, occasionally
visits her.  The first time this happened he was a bit shy of me, but
still begged me to take her out of her pen.  We all went in the garage,
and he eventually allowed me to masturbate him.  He humped my hand wildly,
and came copiously.  Twenty minutes later he was still standing outside
on the sidewalk making a puddle of sperm.

     The next time this dog showed up, I picked up Lottie and carried
her out back.  The black chow followed us.  He would gently but
insistently try to get at the little dog.  I could tell he was straining
to be polite.  When we got to a good private dark place hidden by trees
and bushes, I stopped and kneeled down.  The big male came up to me, and
tried to lick Lottie again.  I held on to her and unzipped my pants,
then dropped them and bent over.  The chow pawed me tentatively, then
mounted me and started humping very hard.  He jabbed me painfully, so I
reached back and brought him off by hand.  As he got harder I did manage
to slide a bit of him into me.  It felt really warm and he got me wet
and slippery back there.  By this time he was so into having sex with me
that I could let go of Lottie and concentrate on just him.

     After a while, he dismounted and stood there with his swollen cock
dripping and squirting.  I bent underneath him to taste his semen.  As
he had been inside of my ass, I didn't want to put my mouth on it, so I
stroked him and let him squirt into my mouth.  It tasted only slightly
salty, and a bit meaty.  I loved the lively taste and the feel of his
sperm in my mouth.

     I took out the tube of K-Y I had brought along with me for this
purpose.  I put a bit of it on my fingers then rubbed it under his tail,
feeling his wonderfully warm and smooth flesh under there.  I slipped my
fingers into the puckered ring, first one, then two.  I slowly spread
the two apart as far as I could, then carefully slipped in the third.
He did stir a little bit, so I slowed down and very slowly sank my three
fingers in about an inch, until I was sure he was expanded enough to
take my own tool.

     When I mounted him and pushed my penis in, it was still difficult
even after having worked him with the fingers.  I tried to go slowly but
he did feel a twinge of pain just momentarily.  He turned around and
touched my hand with his teeth, then let go and faced front again.  This
message was clear, that I was OK to do this as long as I didn't hurt
him.  It also seemed clear that small ouches would be forgiven, but each
tiniest irritation would be duly noted.  I like this, because then I
know that I have a consenting partner who is aware enough to know what
is being consented to, and knows how to tell me about it.  It is also
good to know when a dog will simply make a decision to say no rather
than panic.

     Once I had a purchase, I could slowly stroke my cock in and out of
this dog's tight muscular ring of hot sweet flesh.  The skin on skin
contact was so wonderful.  He was tight as a fist, and it didn't take me
long to cum.  I had already excited myself by rubbing my tool against
his and feeling his hot liquids on me.  Now I could feel a hot pulsating
cock while my own was being squeezed and tantalized.  Now, as I was
stroking in and out of his hot anus, I could feel the pressure building
up, and when it went, I squirted gloriously in his passage.  The head of
my cock got too sensitive, so I had to pull out and stroke myself by
hand, still squirting.

     I could see that the chow was still hard, and still cumming just a
bit with each pulse beat.  He did not exactly dislike it when I petted
him, but he didn't seem to solicit this attention either.  I couldn't
read how he really felt about all this.  I knew he was not upset, but he
had had a new experience and he had to think this through a bit.

     The next time the chow came over to see Lottie, he refused to
follow us back there.  So instead I sat down holding the little female
and let him approach me.  He did put a claw on my leg and try to turn me
over.  I wasn't having this, because the lights were on at the
neighbor's.  So, he turned sideways to me, straddled my legs, and let me
pleasure him by hand.  This pleased him greatly, he knotted up with the
knot still in the sheath, which seemed not at all uncomfortable for him,
and then I wet my fingers and gently stroked him under the tail.  He
jumped a bit then accepted that touch.  I only stroked him this time
without penetration.  I knew from my own experience that great pleasure
can be had by stroking the lips of the anus with a tongue or lubricated
or even wet fingers, and he seemed to accept this.

     The time after this, the dog didn't even follow us back up to the
house.  Lottie and I were sitting at the curb, and when the chow
approached, he sniffed both of us over, pawed my leg once, then left.  I
guess he just wasn't in the mood.

     Today this dog acted a bit different.  I hadn't seen him for about
a month.  My roommates little yippy dog (she is a sweetheart, actually)
was outside in her pen and she was barking in the way she only barks at
strange dogs that are invading her territory.  I stepped outside and
here comes a big black dog right to me, wagging his tail with his whole
hindquarters, and licking his chops and signing submission, sort of.  I
thought he had to be a different dog at first, but when he came closer I
knew he was the black chow I had been trying to seduce for so long.

     This time he let me pet him before he checked out the little
female, where before he had shied away.  I picked up the little female
and sat down with her.  The chow came and licked her bottom, and she
snapped at him.  She doesn't really like this.  I was afraid the chow
would bite her, but he just seemed slightly bemused by the attack from
the smaller dog.

     I let him touch her a little bit, then allowed the little one to
withdraw.  I kept a hold of her, because I suspect the male still needs
a female around to justify his arousal.  Lottie was a bit uptight, she
would alternately sniff at the big male and would growl a bit at him,
then snap if he came too close.  As I had expected, the chow got tired
of trying to seduce her, and turned his attention to me.  He leaned into
my face and snuffled at me, and pushed me with his nose.  He gave my
face some pecky little licks, then grabbed my knee and started to hump
it.  I let him do this, and stroked him underneath to get him aroused,
but not too much.  I didn't want him to cum too soon, and the neighbor's
porch lights were on.  I didn't want to be seen with a dog humping my
hand or my butt, either.

     I picked up Lottie and carried her out back, to where there are
some trees and bushes.  We were well concealed from the neighbors and
the road there.  The chow followed us this time.  Lottie struggled to
get out of my grip, she was pretty wierded out by the whole thing.

     I put Lottie down on the ground and held her gently.  The chow
didn't do much for preliminaries.  He just licked Lottie a little, and
Lottie protested again, then he climbed on my back and started humping.
He did this a bit more gently than he had the time before, but when he
put the head up against my anus he hit just wrong, and too hard.  I
jumped and shoved him off and waited for it to stop hurting before I
let him mount again.

     This time he started jabbing harder.  Chows get so uptight about
these things!  There was nothing to do but to reach back and stroke him
off, again.  He squirted an amazing amount of hot liquid all over my
back.  It made a spot on my shirt and on the back of my trousers.  He
humped me really hard for a couple of minutes.  He did draw blood with
his claws on my sides.  Still, this felt good and excited me.  Once he
was hard enough that the end of his cock was more flesh and less bone, I
tried to get him into me but I was too tight this time.

     After he dismounted, I worked on his cock and his anus.  I sucked
his cock a bit.  The taste of this was wonderful.  He seemed to like
this.  I swallowed some, then held some in my mouth and let it mix with
my saliva.  Then I put my mouth under his tail and used lips and tongue
to work this mixture into his anus, to lubricate it so I could slip my
fingers in.  At one point he did turn and snap at the air, one of my
fingernails was in a sensitive spot.  When I corrected this he faced
front again and let me have at it.

     I got him stretched out slowly, large enough to take in my cock.
In doing this I found out I really liked the taste of his anus.  I don't
like to do this very often, but today the sensation of his heat and his
body's electricity on my tongue were absolutely fabulous.  He really did
seem to like being rimmed.  This relaxed him so I could have entered
him, but darn it!  I couldn't get it up!  This has been happening a bit
lately, and I don't know what it is.  So, I didn't achieve penetration,
but I did get great satisfaction.  I rubbed myself against his flesh
under his tail, feeling my penis go part way in.  It was warm, and it
felt good.  After all the humping and oral action, I was excited enough.
Every time I stroked it a bit I felt like I was going to cum.  So I just
kept rubbing against his hole, and then I rubbed my cock against his
cock, feeling him squirt all over me.  I would put the glans of mine up
against the opening of his and feel that hot stuff right on the most
sensitive part, and it was wonderful.

     Finally I felt it was time, and I pressed against his anus while
stroking myself.  I finally did cum, and I gave a lot.  The head of my
penis became too sensitive to continue to hold against him much longer,
so I pulled back a little and let my white sperm soak him under the
tail.  After it was over I stroked him and told him what a wonderful dog
he was.  He was still panting a bit, and still pulsating from his
orgasm, still hard and dripping.  I understood why he had wanted Lottie
in on it at the beginning, because I was still aroused by his wonderful
male smell.  He had just wanted the same thing, a smell he liked and
associated with sex.  After I had caressed him for a while, I gathered
up Lottie, who was exploring in the bushes, and walked back home with
her.  I was well satisfied and felt better than I had in quite a while.

     I think this time, the dog had sorted out some of his feelings
about the odd kind of sex he was having, and about me as a stranger.  He
did seem happier too that I prepared him a bit more gently and even more
sensuously before I tried his anus.  Next time, who knows?  The chow is
a very intelligent breed of dog, and seems to be just a bit cynical.
This one in particular seemed to want to have control of the situation,
and he knew exactly what he wanted, and what he was willing to give for
it.  As long as he considers it to be a fair trade, I have no problem
with having sex with him.

--
