The following fictional story is being reposted by Mr Double.  If you are the author of this story and would like to receive proper recognition (an Author's Page at my website), contact me at mrdouble@ix.netcom.com.






Archive-name: Family/diana.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Diana


Diana opened the buttons of her blouse. she wasn't wearing a bra. Her 
small, well formed titties stood straight out. Topped with lovely pink 
nipples. My mouth dropped open as I stared at my daughter's tits. Diana 
I said, button your blouse. She smiled as she slowly removed it! She 
walked over to me and placed her slender hand on my lap, gently 
squeezing my cock. Dad, she said, You want me as much as I want you. 
Come on. She unbuckled my belt and unbuttoned my pants. When she pulled 
my pants down, my cock stood straight out. I couldn't deny it any 
longer. I wanted to fuck Diana. What surprised me was that she wanted to 
fuck me too!

Dad, she said, Your cock is really nice, so big and hard. I really like 
it. She began gently stroking the length of it, her slender fingers 
caressing my hard cock as she admired it. She knelt in front of me, 
opened her mouth, and began to suck my dick. Diana's mouth enveloped my 
cock with its warmth and softness, her tongue moved along the sensitive 
underside, her lips held my dick firmly as she sucked. Moving her head 
back and forth. My cock moved into and out of her mouth. I looked down 
at the sight of my cock in my daughter's mouth. I watched her as she 
moved her head back and forth. Sucking my cock into her mouth then 
slowly pulling back. Letting it almost escape her grasp, then back to 
the hilt. She pulled my pants to my ankles, my cock still in her mouth, 
she pushed me onto the bed, let my cock slip from her mouth and removed 
her slacks. she walked over to me and said "pull my panties down daddy". 
I looked at her lovely body as I pulled her pants down exposing her 
breath taking pussy.

Diana, I said, We can't do this, it's wrong. Diana's body is so 
appealing, her small tits, flat stomach, slender legs and arms. She put 
her pussy in front of my mouth and said, It's my turn.

My eager mouth began to lick her pussy exploring and probing its 
mysteries I located her clitoris it was firm and ready. I sucked it into 
my mouth and massaged it with my tongue and palate. Ohhhh Dad, she said 
I knew you would be good. I've wanted this for a long time. Suck on my 
pussy dad, it feels so good. Oh Ohhhhhhhh dad! I'm going to come! Fuck 
me dad! fuck my hot pussy! I want your prick inside my pussy while I 
come. I want you to shoot your come into my body. Fuck me daddy! Fuck me 
now.

I laid down next to Diana and held her naked body next to mine. Her skin 
was soft and smooth. My hands explored my daughter's naked body, 
touching all parts of her body as her hands fully explored my body.

My cock slipped easily into my daughter's pussy. her vagina massaged it 
intimately as it plunged deeply into her body. I was fucking Diana. I 
was fucking my own daughter. My cock seemed to have a mind of it's own 
as it moved in and out of Diana's pussy. The texture of her vagina 
massaging it with each movement. Diana moved her pelvis in unison with 
my movements. Our bodies were as one. Pleasure our only objective. 
Pleasure from each other's bodies. And pleasure to each other. We were 
lost in the ecstasy of the moment, our bodies fiercely pumping each 
others sexual organs against our own. The rapture building second by 
second within each of us.

Suddenly Diana cried out Ohhhhhhh! Daddyyyyyyyy! Fuck my kunt! I'm 
coming I'm commingggggg! Daddy I love fucking you! Oh fuck! Ooooh Shit! 
I'm coming! Ahhhh! Ahhhhhh! Your cock is fucking my kunt! I'm fucking my 
father! Its so good. I'm fucking my own father! My own father's cock is 
inside my fucking twat and fucking the hell out of me! I'm coming! It 
feels so fucking good. Oh dad!

My cock tightened, as ecstasy swept over me, I was fucking my own 
daughter, and was about to come inside her pussy! It relaxed and 
tightened again, this time I felt the stream of hot come shooting from 
the end of my cock into my daughter's body. My cock was pumping Diana's 
kunt at high speed. Building up passions in me beyond all others. It 
tightened again, waves of ecstasy passed through my body as another 
stream of my juices erupted from the end of my dick and shoot into my 
daughter's kunt.

Ohhh Dad!, Diana was saying I can feel your come shooting into my 
fucking kunt! Ohhh! My father's come is filling my pussy! it's shooting 
stream after stream of hot come deep into my body! Oh Dad I can't stop 
coming! Your cock is inside me and shooting your jizz into my body. 
Ohhhh! Ohhh! Daddieeeeeeee! don't stop fucking my pussy, fuck me with 
your shooting cock! Fuck my pussy! Fuck me, Daddy Fuck me!

The come is now shooting stream after stream into My daughter's pussy. 
My ecstasy is beyond belief. Ohh! Diana My darling daughter! My cock is 
shooting my juices into you! my whole body is in heaven! I'm fucking my 
own daughter and it feels so good. Ohhh! I'm coming in your kunt! 
Shooting my come, stream after stream into your fucking little body!

Ohhhhh! Daddy, Ohhh! Diana This is so good Your body feels so good next 
to mine. Our naked bodies blend perfectly, we come the same way, and 
your cock fits my pussy exactly. No wonder this is forbidden no one 
wants anyone to know how good a father and daughter are together. Ohhh! 
here comes another wave. Dad I'm coming again, Oh! I can feel your cock 
jumping in me and another stream of your come hitting the inside of my 
body. Oh Diana I'm coming again too.

Diana pulled away from my still squirting cock and put her mouth over 
it. Sucking the come from inside my cock and licking the spilled come 
from the shaft of it. Her tongue is licking my cock and her mouth is 
closed tightly over it as she sucks the last of my come into her mouth. 
I turned around and went into the sixty-nine position, pulling her still 
quivering pussy into my mouth. Ohh! Dad she said as I licked and sucked 
her clitoris. I'm still coming. She sucked my cock as I shot the rest of 
my wad into her mouth. Never stopping, my mouth working her pussy as she 
continued to come and suck my shooting cock.

--
