Dining In -- a gastronomic experience



He told me to be ready at 7pm.

It's now 6:45.

He's not here yet.

Whew.

I'm nervous.  But I trust him.

He said something about having dinner together.  And that he was hungry. 
Very hungry.  I love it when he's hungry.

Casual, he told me.  Nothing fancy.  Just jeans and a nice shirt.  No bra. 
No panties.  He's a casual man.  He thinks I should be more casual.  Maybe 
he's right.  Tonight, tho, he'll be right.  Whenever I'm with him, he's 
right.  Even when I push, or shove, or badmouth, I know he's right.  
Tonight, I'm casual.  Dammit, I hate it when he's right.

A knock at the door. 

It's him.  

At last.

He smiles, kisses me, then hands me two bags.

Bags?  Brown paper bags?

He tells me to sit down and relax.  We're eating in tonight.  Chinese.  He
knows I love Chinese.  I've never seen him eat it.  Ever.  I have no idea
what he ordered.  Neither does he, he remarks.  Nice guy.  Nice and casual.
I could get used to this.

Little cartons are taken out of the bags.  Aromas fill the air.  Now I'm
hungry.  For him.  For food.  I have both here.  Life is good.

I grab a carton to eagerly open it up.  He stops me.  No, he says.  Don't
touch, he tells me.  Dinner isn't quite ready yet.  I'm not quite ready
yet.  

He kisses my mouth.  Tenderly.  Those little kisses that make me melt. 
That make me his.

He unbuttons my shirt.  He looks at my body.  I can't get used to the fact
that he likes looking at me.  He cuffs my wrists together.  He collars me.
He takes my jeans off me.  Now I'm dressed for dinner, he says.  

Sweet and sour sauce delicately placed on my nipples.  He draws on my
breasts with his sweetly-coated finger.  He licks it.  He licks me.  He
persists.  More flesh, more sauce.  More licking.  I hear myself moaning. 
How long have I been moaning?

Eggrolls.  He takes out two eggrolls.  He tells me I can eat mine.  But. 
Damn, I don't like it when he says but.  Gets me nervous.  He has to feed
me.  At his pace.  At his discretion.  And he takes off his pants and
underwear.  I have to suck him.  Get him hard.  Then he'll feed me.  If I'm
good.  He tugs on my collar and tells me to start.  Now.

I adore his cock.  I love to lick it.  Suck it.  He loves me doing it.  I'm
hungry.  I want to eat.  Him.  Fuck the food, I say.  That comes later, he
tells me.  He smiles.  And he pulls me down to his cock again.  I suck him
the way he likes.  He gets hard.  I want him.  He stops me.  He pulls me
up.  And places the cock-like eggroll to my lips.  Here, baby, he says. 
You've earned this.  And he feeds me carefully.  Licking my lips if I get a
little messy.  I deliberately try to get messy.  He knows it.  And yet he
doesn't mind.  Does he?

Next course.  Entree.  Thank goodness there's no soup.  Lay down, he says. 
Huh?  Lay down.  I do it.  He opens another carton and looks for the
chopsticks.  I'm amused that he's gonna even try to use them.  My amusement
ends when he pinches my nipples with them.  Ouch.  He uses them.  On me. 
The entree.  

He pours the warm, saucy food on my belly.  I giggle.  He glares.  I stop. 
He bends toward me and slowly eats the food off me.  I'm sure he's pushing
some of it on my pussy.  And my thighs.  I don't mind.  He licks me there. 
And there.  Oh, and there.  Deeper.  Is that me moaning again?  He stops. 
He wants me to have some supper, too.  

I was so close.  Damn.

He takes some food in his hands and feeds me.  Playfully.  He makes me
stretch for it.  Chinese lo-mein noodles.  Like a nestling reaching for 
a worm from a bird.  He feeds me a bit more.  Don't sit up, he tells me. 
Just stay there, he says.  He parts my thighs he rubs his cock on my slit
he gets harder I pant a bit he penetrates me he fucks me harder faster
longer deeper.  

He stops.  I whimper.  He thinks I should eat a bit more food.  Dessert
will come later, he tells me.  He gives me more noodles.  He uses the
chopsticks on my labia.  Pulling.  Another bite, he says.  I forget how to
chew.  He pours more food on my pussy and devours it.  He won't lick my
clit.  Not once.  He comes close to it.  I come close to cuming.  Close
isn't good enough for me.  It is for him.  

He feeds me a little more, then puts the boxes aside.  He soaks a towel in
warm water and wipes me off.  He makes sure I'm clean.  He's meticulous. 
He always pays such good attention to me.  He takes good care of me.  

He gives me a drink of water.  He kisses me.  Then he removes my cuffs and
takes out rope.  Lots of rope.  He binds my wrists to the corners of the 
bed.  He excites me.  Always. 

He just looks at me.  Again.  He bites my flesh.  He licks me.  He blows
warm air on my skin.  He sits back.  Admiring me.  Admiring his ropework. 
He takes pride in both.  

Ready for dessert, he asks me.  Oh, yes, I say.  He takes out two fortune
cookies.  He cracks one open and eats the cookie.  He reads the fortune. 
"Your talents will be appreciated by those who love you."  That one's
yours, he tells me.  I smile.  He cracks open the other cookie and feeds it
to me.  He holds up his fortune near my face.  Read it, he says.  "Your
determination and persistence will reward you handsomely."  We both smile. 
Good choices.

So baby, he tells me, show me your talents.  He climbs on the bed, puts his
cock near my mouth.  He presses.  I suck him.  He fucks my mouth slowly. 
Yes, baby, he moans.  I take him in.  All of him.  All the way.  Sucking. 
I love the taste of precum.

He stops.  He moves off me.  You will now reward me handsomely, he
whispers.  He takes out the tape and gags me.  And he parts my legs and
thrusts his cock into me.  He knows how to ride me.  I buck up to meet his
thrusts.  He goes faster.  I grunt.  He goes harder.  I moan.  He tells me
he wants me to cum.  Cum now for me, baby.  I give in.  I scream through
the tape.  My cunt contracts rapidly.  Pulsations.  Oh god yes, I'm
thinking. 

Yes.

Yes.

Yes.

He kisses my forehead.  And then he takes his pleasures.  He loves it fast.
He takes me fast.  He hardly makes noise, but I know he's close.  He
whispers, I'm gonna cum, baby, I'm gonna cum, now... One long last thrust
and he collapses atop me.  Panting.  

He takes off my tape gag carefully.  He kisses me.  He removes the bindings
from my wrists.  He rubs them gently.  I snuggle into him.  I need to be
held.  He holds me.  Tightly.  Securely.  His heartbeat and breathing are
like a lullaby.  I could fall asleep right now. 

But he has to say that the best thing about Chinese food is that you get
hungry again an hour later.  

And he tells me how much he loves leftovers.
