                            Dorothy's Adventure

                           by Tinker, April 1994




Dorothy was bored. The whole morning she had been busy working on her
thesis at home, and her PC was not exactly cheerful company. Yawning she
opened the blinds of the window which she had partly closed to keep the
sunlight off her screen. It was a beautiful day in spring, and a shame to
spend it inside the house. But she had no choice. Her thesis was due early
next month.

On the other side of the street a small group of children hang around on a
playground and they made quite a lot of noise. Dorothy partly hated this,
since it kept her from her work, and partly liked the sound of playing
children since it was trusted and comforting. Given the bright sunshine,
she decided to like it more than hate it and sat back behind her desk to
read some less interesting papers while drinking lots of ice tea.

After about half an hour, Dorothy again looked out of the window and
noticed that everyone had left the playground except for three young girls,
all about ten years old. They seemed to be deeply involved into some
typically girlish chat, giggling and whispering while standing closely
together. Slightly amused, Dorothy forgot about her thesis and with both
hands under her chin she started to observe the girls. It was very
difficult to understand any of the whispering noises, but once in a while
Dorothy could capture a single word. Still, she couldn't make any sense out
of it. Smiling she thought back to her own youth, when she had had this
type of chat with her girlfriends all the time.

Suddenly she could hear a whole sentence: "No you don't!". Followed by "Yes
I do!" yelled by another girl. Hey! An argument? With doubled interest
Dorothy took another swallow of her ice tea and moved her chair closer to
the open window. Apparently one of the girls had made a statement that was
not believed by the other two. The one girl, who was wearing a dress while
the two others wore trousers, started to look around, apparently to see if
someone was nearby. But she did not spot Dorothy in the window on the first
floor. "You don't dare it!", one of the two trousered girls teasingly
yelled. The girl wearing the pink dress stuck out her tongue and said "I'll
show you."

Being sure that nobody except her two girlfriends was looking, she walked
over to a nearby lawn with her friends gigglingly following her. Arrived at
the lawn, the girl hiked up her dress and pulled up her light blue panties
firmly. Then she turned around to face her two friends and while sticking
out her tongue again she dropped her dress and stroke it down. It reached
to just above her knees and moved a little in the light breeze. The girl
straightened her back and looked to her friends: "Alright so?". One girl
shook her head: "No, you should put your legs apart. If you don't, your
shoes will get wet." The dressed girl nodded and after looking around
another time, she parted her legs about thirty centimeters.

Dorothy had been following this scene with rising interest, and now started
to feel ashamed and excited at the same time. Was this girl indeed going to
wet herself in front of her girlfriends? Apparently that was exactly what
she intended, as all three girls now were silently watching the spot on the
lawn between her shoes. Almost without noticing it, Dorothy's right hand
slipped between her thighs and she pressed two fingers against her clit.

Outside, the girl in the pink dress looked around for the last time, stroke
the front of her dress, left her hands resting on her hips and said
something. Her two girlfriends now watched very closely. For about ten
seconds, nothing happened or moved except for her dress in the breeze. Then
the two friends suddenly yelled and applauded, while the dressed girl
smiled and looked down. Dorothy cursed the fact that her eyes were not good
enough to follow exactly what was going on, but she assumed that the girl
had successfully peed her panties and that her girlfriends could see
something falling down between her legs. The girl in the dress indeed
looked very much like a girl that was wetting herself: carefully she
checked the environment for people, and in between she constantly looked
down while her face showed much excitement. In fact, only a good observer
would have noticed anything special about the three girls. The sole reason
to suspect anything unusual would have been the parted legs of one girl.

The two other girls started to walk around her, and watched her from all
sides. Apparently she was still peeing, as she herself did not move at all
and kept looking down to the hem of her dress. Dorothy now was rubbing her
crotch firmly, and could not get her eyes off the girl in pink. Suddenly
the girl squatted down and remained in that position for a few seconds,
looking up her dress to her panties. Unfortunately for Dorothy she could
not see anything because the viewing angle was awkward. Before she could
get angry about that however, the girl rose to her feet again and Dorothy
could clearly hear her saying: "You see I dare to do it! Now where is that
ice cream?" Apparently the wet panties under her dress did not disturb her
in any way, as the three girls headed down the road in a hurry.

Dorothy sighed, pressed her thighs together and grinned at the thought that
a childish little game could excite her so much. She could not remember
having played this sort of games herself when she was ten years old. Other
naughty games yes, but actually wetting herself under her dress, no.
Reluctantly Dorothy went back to her papers and read on until she heard her
clock beat one time.

Then with a shock she realised that it was already half past eleven and
that she should get her groceries from the shop before it closed for the
noon break. Happy to get away from her PC for a while, Dorothy jumped off
her chair and stumbled down the stairs to the living room. She picked up
her purse and her shopping bag and went outside. The groceries shop was
about five minutes walking away.

Just after turning the first corner, Dorothy realised that all the ice tea
had caused her bladder to fill up a lot. She really had to go to the
bathroom. After looking at her watch she decided that she could easily go
back home, take a leak, and return to the shop before closing time. Walking
the thirty meters back home, she passed the lawn and couldn't help thinking
back to the three girls playing naughty games. Immediately she started to
feel very hot, and looked up to the burning sun. Suddenly her jeans seemed
completely inappropriate garments to wear in such nice weather. Even before
she reached the front door of her home, Dorothy had decided what to do.

Inside her house she did not go to the bathroom next to the front door, but
hurried up the stairs and attacked her wardrobe closets. Browsing through
her garments, she soon found what she was looking for: her denim mini
skirt. Quickly she kicked off her sneakers, pulled down her jeans and threw
them onto her bed. After dubbing for two seconds, she also took off her
white cotton panties and rummaged in her drawers for a replacement. Some
dark blue pairs of panties were thrown aside. With a smile she took out her
only red panties, that she had bought a while ago in a lapse of insanity,
since she had no red skirts at all. After putting them on she reached for
the skirt and stepped into it. It was rather short, about twenty-five
centimeters above her knees, but still long and tight enough to wear it
without any fear of showing off her underwear as long as she did not open
her knees while seated. Dorothy closed the zipper, put her white T-shirt
inside her skirt and tightened the belt. She then sat down onto her bed to
put on her high black boots. While tightening the laces, it occurred to her
that this was quite an outfit to go shopping for groceries. Still, it was
not in any way exceptional to wear a T-shirt and a short skirt in this
weather. Only the boots might be a bit strange, but she never wore sandals
anyway and sneakers or pumps seemed even more inappropriate. She was sure
that nobody would really notice her any more than yesterday.

Dorothy fastened the lace of her left boot and looked at herself in the
mirror. Still being seated, her red knickers were clearly visible between
her thighs. She stood up and pulled her skirt down. Now everything was
alright and she felt that she could go out without attracting any
attention. Going down the stairs, she felt a strange feeling of tense
building up, and as she walked to the shop again she could not help looking
around for nicely sheltered spots.

Feeling very happy, she entered the shop and took the groceries she needed.
As she moved through the shop, she could almost feel the people looking at
her as she turned her back on them, but when she quickly turned around
nobody was ever looking. Besides, most shop visitors were women anyway.
Dorothy reminded herself that her clothing was completely inconspicuous as
far as her little plan was concerned, and proceeded to the checkout aisles.
There was a small line since only one aisle was open, and during the two
minutes waiting time her bladder really started to demand attention.
Normally this would have meant a problem, albeit small, since her house was
five minutes away. But now it was a great thing.

Still full of joy, Dorothy paid for the groceries and left the shop. Her
whole body now was trembling from excitement and she was aware of all her
movements as she walked back home. Amazing how this idea she had could
influence her perception of the world. Everything seemed bright and happy,
and the center of the universe was her red underwear hidden under her dark
blue denim skirt. Dorothy now deliberately took a detour by turning left,
and she entered the park on which border she lived. It was about lunch time
and very few people were in sight. She felt her panties almost burning
under her skirt, and could not wait much longer to put out the fire down
there. Quickly she found her way to a small pool surrounded by bushes and
with two wooden benches for people to rest and enjoy the serene scene. It
had only two entrances and Dorothy knew that the opposing entrance led to a
part of the park that had no other exit. She took the risk that someone was
already walking about there and might come back, because it would be
unlikely at this hour and on this day of the week. And if someone showed up
anyway, she would be just enjoying the view.

Dorothy put the bag with groceries on a bench and looked around. She wanted
to be on grass if possible, and walked towards the pool which was bordered
by three meters of well-maintained lawn. As she stopped one meter from the
water, all her senses were on maximum and she felt very excited, very
pretty, and very determined. She also felt as female as a woman could feel,
and had to deny herself the joy of striking her breasts and reaching up her
skirt for her clit. She would do something entirely different.

Unlike the girl in the pink dress, who had tightly pulled up her panties
and arranged her dress before starting, Dorothy did not take any special
precautions. She thought it would spoil the magic of the moment to start
rummaging with her clothes. Dorothy wanted to be exactly as she left the
shop, wearing the same white T-shirt, denim skirt, boots, and panties. She
specifically did neither touch nor look at her skirt. She just wiped her
hair from her forehead and spread her legs. Her thumbs hooked behind her
belt and she placed the palms of her hands on her hips. Quickly she glanced
to the entrance to the rest of the park, and took a deep breath. And
waited.

Deep inside her, the burning desire started to move. Dorothy closed her
eyes as she felt her bladder reluctantly opening up. Slowly, very slowly
her pee started its way down inside her body. She could almost hear her
panties scream in alarm. Every muscle in her body tensed and her heart
started beating in her ears. There was no way back now. She was going to
wet herself. Nothing could prevent it anymore. Under her tight skirt, her
virgin panties gave up and accepted their fate. Dorothy experienced an
intense happiness as she felt it coming, and when she finally started to
pee she could only whisper "Yes".

Dorothy had wet herself.

Her pee entered her panties as gradually as it had been formed inside her
body. Dorothy could feel her underwear absorb the fluid as it spread around
her crotch. With her eyes still closed, she imagined her panties changing
colour as the wetness increased. It was wonderful. Dorothy glowed with
excitement as she continued to pee herself under her skirt, and she started
to move her hips a bit backward and forward uncontrollably. Although she
knew it could not be the case, her senses told her that everything below
her waist got completely soaked, skirt included. Dorothy trusted her
knowledge of female anatomy and skirts unconditionally, and she kept
peeing. Her panties continued to absorb her pee as well as they could. But
finally she heard something falling onto the ground, and couldn't resist
opening her eyes and looking down. From under her short blue skirt a tiny
stream fell down between her parted legs, and dissapeared without a trail
on the grass. Her skirt, her legs, her boots: everything was completely
normal. Only her particular pose would give a hint as to what was happening
under her mini. Even that could be arranged for. Dorothy carefully pulled
her legs together until they were less than thirty centimeters apart. Still
nothing worth mentioning happened. A passer-by would have seen a pretty,
short-skirted girl standing at the edge of the pool, watching the water
lilies. But she herself knew better. Her knickers felt warm and pleasant
and she still had a lot of pee left to rush through them. With a satisfied
sigh, she continued pissing her pants.

After a while, her whole crotch seemed to be wet and Dorothy very much
wanted to see her knickers as they got soaked. Not wanting to touch her
skirt out of fear of spoiling something, Dorothy bend forward as far as she
could to look up her own skirt. Because it was so short, this succeeded
easily. She was a bit puzzled because she had expected to see a dark, wet
stain between her legs. Instead, the dark area extended too far up to see
its limits in the twilight under her skirt. Exactly between her legs a
small stream trickled out of her panties and fell down, but if that stream
had not been there, her panties would have been completely dark red for any
spectator. Dorothy was enlightened. Even her panties would show no sign of
what had happened if someone would look up her skirt after she had
finished! She stood upright again and thoroughly enjoyed the feeling of her
warm pee soaking her panties, the pressure of her tight skirt around her
hips, and her tight, high boots that enclosed her lower legs and feet like
a second skin. She unhooked her thumbs from her belt and let her hands
slide down the outside of her thighs, over her skirt, passing the hem, and
over her legs. Then upwards again, over her belly, up to her breasts. While
she cupped both of them, a raging torrent started spurting into her
underwear and from under her skirt a soft hissing sound emerged. Dorothy
came with all the power that had been building up inside her for six
months.

She found herself back sitting on her knees on the grass. A quick
inspection of her skirt showed no wetness at the outside, and Dorothy was
fairly certain that nobody would ever find out what she had done if she did
not tell anybody. She rose to her feet and walked back to her shopping bag.
Under her skirt she was aware of a strange, delightful feeling that only
called for more. Her wet knickers rubbed her clit and the steaming warmth
of her pee sent strong sensations up her nerve system. She was very happy
to have tried this, and could hardly imagine to have done without such an
easy miracle for so many years. God this was heaven. Still having touched
neither her skirt nor her panties, and therefore feeling completely casual,
Dorothy picked up the bag and headed for the exit of the park. It was only
a few minutes back to her home. Her boots seemed to walk on feathers and
the sun was shining like never before. It promised to be a good summer.

When she entered her own street, she saw that the three girls were back.
The girl with the pink dress ran around like nothing had happened, and the
two others apparently did not care either. Neither of them even peeked at
Dorothy when she walked towards her house, and Dorothy did not pay much
attention to them as well, still being in heaven with her wet panties under
her skirt. She put the key in the lock and opened the door. Stepping over
the threshold, Dorothy twisted around to close the door behind her. Since
she was much closer to the three girls now, it only now appeared to her
that the two girls who wore trousers one hour ago now were dressed in
skirts! Dorothy threw the shopping bag inside and hid behind a small bush
in her front garden. Silently she hoped that she was not too late.

She wasn't. After a while, one of the skirted girls announced that it was
her time. The girl in the pink dress immediately stopped playing and joined
her on the grass. The third girl hesitated for a moment, but then came
along as well, plucking at her pink knickers under her skirt. While the
three girls prepared to continue their naughty game, this time by squatting
closely together, Dorothy took position behind the bush and spread her legs
for the second time that day. She tried to hold back until the three girls
showed signs of activity under their skirts. This didn't take long: within
thirty seconds the leftmost girl, wearing a medium-length blue skirt that
almost touched the ground while she squatted, started to giggle, and
spreading her knees widely she looked to her white panties in amusement.
Soon the girl in the pink dress looked between her own legs as well. The
third girl still fumbled with her pink knickers and clearly was a bit
ashamed to wet herself, but then she quickly dropped her red short
cheerleader-type skirt over her panties and regarding the reaction of the
others her underwear got as soaked as every other pair of panties in the
vicinity.

Dorothy now was so excited that she could not possibly stop herself from
peeing her pants. While she firmly held on to a thick branch of the bush
she was hiding behind, the familiar hiss under her skirt became apparent
again and she filled her panties with warm, comforting liquid. It felt so
good that she allowed herself to close her eyes and stop looking at the
three girls who still were quite busy. Since she had peed not too long ago,
she could not reach orgasm in time, but nevertheless the experience was
shattering. While her pee still dripped out of her panties, she opened her
eyes again to discover that the three girls now stood together, arguing
what to do next. Dorothy first had to take care of herself now. Her skirt
still showed no signs of anything extraordinary, her boots and legs still
were dry, but her poor red panties had been drowned. She squeezed her thighs
together and plainly enjoyed the stream of liquid that meandered down her
legs. Now she was ready again to appear in public.

Self-confident she stepped out of the shadow of the bush and crossed the
road, approaching the three girls. When they saw her coming, they giggled
the way only young girls can do, but did not make any attempt to leave.
Perfect. Dorothy was absolutely sure that nobody in the world would notice
that she had completely soaked panties under her denim mini skirt, and that
the wetness on her legs would be gone even before she reached the three
girls. Which was true.

When Dorothy was about five meters from the girls, she told them that her
little puppy had run away. Maybe one of the girls had seen him walking by?
Of course the only answer she got was another burst of uncontrolled
laughter. After a few seconds, the girl in the pink dress managed to answer
that they had not seen any dog at all, sorry. Dorothy noticed that
especially the girl wearing the red cheerleader skirt, and still dripping,
turned red in the face and wanted to leave the spot. She also saw that the
half-long blue skirt of the second girl _did_ show stains on the back.
Apparently she had not kept her skirt clear enough of her soaked panties.
Poor child. Well, if they had not seen her dog, she should look in the
vicinity for it. That said, Dorothy walked towards the bushes that
surrounded the playground. The three girls stayed behind and still did not
make any move, except for the girl with the red mini reaching for her
panties. Dorothy now felt so secure that she decided to go one step
further. She turned right and walked along the bushes, faking to look
closely at them for her puppy. Once in a while she stopped walking, bent
over slightly and looked under a bush. She knew that her panties would not
show until she bent over fairly much, so it could not do any harm.

The three girls apparently had decided that Dorothy was no threat to their
game, and the girl in the pink dress soon parted her legs again to continue
her wet adventure. The blue-skirted girl followed. Dorothy immediately
stopped walking, parted her own legs a little, and bent over to pretend that
she had spotted something under a bush. She knew it would not be conspicuous
at all for the girls to see her standing like that. While Dorothy watched
the two girls having wet fun again, which aroused her a lot, she started
pressing. Deep inside her lower body, something moved; and it was not in
her bladder.

The girl in the pink dress now was more than clearly pissing her pants,
with her legs spread out wide and holding up her dress at the front, and
Dorothy was slightly worried about the girls being discovered by someone
passing by or looking out of a window. For herself, she feared nothing.
After all, she wasn't _pissing_ her panties! Inside her, something else was
on the verge of finding a way out. Dorothy decided to put it off for
another minute, and walked on, looking for her puppy. Then she heard behind
her back what she had feared: a female voice suddenly called a name, and
this was rapidly followed by some rather clear remarks on the situation and
equally clear orders. The direct victim had been the girl in the blue
skirt. Of course, bad luck is always for the same people. The girl in the
pink dress got some clear comments as well.

Dorothy turned around and walked back, still alongside the bushes. The
female glanced at her but did not show interest. Good. Dorothy left the row
of bushes and walked straight to the three girls and the woman. About
fifteen meters away from them, she stopped and took the pose of an
interested bystander. Of course, the girls did not seem to be too happy
about this, but the woman could not care less. While she thundered along
about civilised behaviour and such, Dorothy calmly put her legs a bit
apart. She crossed her arms before her chest and looked at the girl in the
pink dress, who had to hike up her dress for the woman to let her inspect
the big dark patch on her blue panties. The girl in the cheerleader skirt
just had to bend over to prove her guilt. The pink fabric covering her ass
was completely soaked.

This scene was too much for Dorothy. and with a pleasant smile directed at
the three girls, she began to push. Slowly she felt something move into her
panties, pushing the fabric aside, stretching it, and then guiding itself
down between her legs. While the woman said something about the girls' wet
panties, Dorothy's crotch lowered itself about three centimeters. But her
denim mini hid it all. It took ten seconds to fill her red underwear to the
brim, and Dorothy was so delighted with this that she almost came on the
spot. She knew her soaked and dirty panties would be completely invisible,
and that drew her even closer towards the four people still standing in the
middle of the playground. Walking with something special in her panties
appeared quite an experience. Her skirt securely fitted around her hips and
Dorothy was completely at ease.

The woman now noticed Dorothy and asked her if she could not have done
something about it earlier. Dorothy excused herself and explained that she
was looking for her dog, and did not pay interest to the girls. The woman
nodded in understanding, since she herself had had to look twice before
recognising the girls' behaviour. She sighed. "You should all be ashamed of
yourself. Playing such games is not what girls of your age should do
anymore. Look at the lady over here", as she pointed to Dorothy, who now
kept her legs closely together, thereby squeezing her panties and
everything in it. "Would you be as old and pretty as her and still wet your
pants?" They all shook their heads. "Now then. I will not tell your mothers
for now, but next time I will, count on it. And remember, _never_ do it
again!". That said, the woman nodded to Dorothy who smiled back in
understanding, and returned to her home, leaving the girls and Dorothy
behind.

When the woman was far enough away, Dorothy addressed the three girls and
just said that they really should be more careful in the future. She made
clear that wetting your panties under your skirt in itself was not that
bad, after all it was just a bit wet, as long as nobody noticed it. The
girls did not know where to look or what to say, and shrugged a bit.
Dorothy left them with the remark to take more care next time, and
especially the girl in the pink dress seemed to get the point. Her face lit
up as she realised that they were going to get away with it, and soon the
other two girls followed her to another place to play.

Dorothy slowly walked home, her full and wet panties feeling extremely nice
under her tight skirt. She entered her house, closed the door, carried the
groceries to the kitchen and then went upstairs to the bathroom. She spent
a few minutes in front of the mirror, looking at herself and especially her
skirt and everything below it in detail. Although she knew and felt that a
great deal was abnormal about her panties, absolutely nothing showed at
all. She spread her graceful legs once more, tried the various poses she
had taken that day, and eventually watched herself with widely parted legs
while bluntly pissing in her underwear. She deeply enjoyed the feeling and
was stunned about the complete lack of any external indication about what
was happening. She had her legs apart, yes, and pee was falling down
between her legs, but she was sure that nobody would notice if she did it
carefully.

When the short but violent turrent from under her skirt had stopped, she
finally hiked up her skirt and watched herself in the mirror. Wow. Her red
panties were completely stained dark from between her legs to halfway up
front and even further up back, and between her legs a large bulge
indicated the presence of something else. It felt all soft and warm.
Dorothy sat down on the toilet and peeled off her panties to let the stuff
drop into the toilet. What remained in her panties was too little to care
about, and she pulled the wet fabric tightly around her ass again. This
felt so good that she couldn't resist the urge to finger herself this time,
and sitting on the toilet with her wet panties still in place she came even
harder than earlier that day.

After regaining consciousness, Dorothy rose from the toilet and pulled her
skirt back down. Should she take a shower and clean up? Hum. Basically she
just did not feel like that. Her panties simply called for more. But her
denim skirt was not fitted to sit down in, and she had to work on her
thesis. Walking to her room, she decided to change skirts instead of change
panties, and took off her denim mini. It was replaced by a very wide tiny
white tennis skirt that she would never wear in public, but was good enough
inside her house. Dorothy did some gymnastics in front of the mirror to see
her red panties peeking from under her skirt with every movement. It
excited her so much that she turned her back to the mirror, bent forward to
show a bit of red panties, and then even managed to pee them again.

Dorothy got a piece of plastic from the kitchen to cover the seat in front
of the computer, and felt very happy about the things that had happened
that day. As she sat down on her wet panties with her skirt pulled up and
hit the shift key to stop the screen blanker, she felt completely relieved
and ready to work until the evening.

Which was exactly what she did.
