Dream Video

It was late and I was beat, needed a long and good night's sleep.  Too tired
maybe and I worried about that because sometimes I didn't sleep well when I
was too tired.  As usual, I opened the windows wide, stripped naked and
climbed under the cool sheet.  I lay on my back so I could look out the 9'
sliding glass door accross the room from the foot of my bed and enjoy my
third floor view in the moonlight.  Naturally, without even thinking, my hand
slid down my stomach to my lengthening cock as I thought of how nice it would
be to have another hard one with whom to share the pleasure of the moon, the
view and my warm bed.  As my hand carressed my hardon, my eyes slowly closed
and I went through a long slow fantasy of what acts of deep sensual pleaseure
I would share with some young, hot guy.

I lay there for what seemed to be only a few moments, enjoying the warm
tingling feeling that was building inside me.  I gradually came to the
realization that I would have trouble sleeping unless I got my rocks off.  It
was then I remembered the video tape that I had discovered on my front steps.
 Just lying there as though it was meant for me to find.  I was curious,
could it possibly be some porno video?  How could that be?

I got up and placed it in the VCR and turned on the TV.  I returned to bed
and got comfortable.  Using the remote control, I started the video ...

The scene was of a bedroom, posters, books, clothes, a desk with computer and
three beds.  THE LAST BED!  There was someone lying on the last bed.  He sat
up and said, "welcome to my bedroom".  As he stood, my eyes were drawn down
his fine young body.  He wore the loose fitting shirt and baggy pants,
covered with wild patterns in bright colors.  I prefer the tight faded jeans
of a few years ago which showed off the pleasing bulge of manhood and a firm
round ass.  But, these clothes leave to the imagination, what's underneath. 
Little did I know that I wouldn't have to imagine for long, because he turned
to face the camera again and said, "are you ready for a good time?"  "I know
I can make you feel good."

He started with the top button of his shirt and slowly unbuttoned his way
down, pulling the shirt tails out of his pants.  Then he removed the shirt
reavealing his handsome nakedness from the waist up.  He looked to be
somewhere in his early teens, slender, about 5' with black hair, not too long
but with a nice rattail and the most intreaguing and exciting blue/brown
eyes.  Ever since my first real love, Eddie, black haired young guys have had
a special place in my heart.  He reached for his belt buckle and began to
undo it.  My rock hard cock throbbed heavilly in my slowly stroking fist and
my heart started to race.  Again, he turned his back and slowly, agonizingly
slowly, slid down his pants to reveal the most beautiful set of firm young
buns tightly held by a pair of slightly undersized white jockey shorts.  He
turned back to face the camera and as he did so I could see the begining
buldge of a nice hardon.  He smiled a far from innocent, knowing smile and
continued to turn until his back was to me again.  He looked back over his
shoulder and said, "here's what you've been waiting for, a look at my firm,
hot and tight ass.  I know it will make you hot, if you aren't already."

With that, he hooked his thumbs in the waistband of his shorts and slid them
down over the roundness of his asscheeks.  My cock again throbbed, this time
with an aching need to penetrate that wonderful butt.  To make love to that
wonderful young maleness.  He turned for the last time and slid the shorts
down in front and his now fully hard cock sprang up in the air.  I gasped at
the sight of it and nearly came right then.

He walked toward the camera and out of sight.  I thought it was over but then
heard him say something about "just a little adjustment here and I'll
continue."  The camera image bounced around a bit and when it settled it was
viewing his bed form the foot.  Suddenly he leapt into view and bounced on
the bed, his hard cock temptingly bobbing around with the sudden activity.  I
reached out to the TV screen like I wanted to take his dick in my hand.  The
youngman lay back on the bed and began to fondle his hardon with a great deal
of obvious pleasure.  He lay back further and raised his legs to show his hot
and ready asshole.  "I wish you were here to fuck me, he moans, I want you to
do it so bad."  He dropped his legs back down in disappointment.

After another quick camera adjustment that permited a closer view of his cock
but still permited me to see his face, he started to slowly jerk off.  As he
strokes his lusciously hard dick he describes a hot scene of us enjoying a
long slow session of 69.  He explains how we would lie on our sides facing
eachother's cocks and resting our heads on eachothers thighs.  We slowly lick
all around our cocks and then take them in to our mouths at the same time. 
Carefully, we build up a hot pace which builds until we are frantically
sucking eachother and feeling eachother all over.  Soon, as he continues his
description of our passion, he begins to have difficulty talking and is
breathing heavily, his hips twisting and lifting off the bed.  Just as his 69
fantasy has us both cuming he shoots spurt after real spurt of hot cum up
onto his stomach and chest and I have the most intense cum I've had in years.
 Some of it landing on my chin where I quickly lick it off.  The tape ends as
he smiles and wishes me a pleasent night's sleep.

I turn off the TV with the remote and grab a towel to clean up.  Then I lay
back again and close my eyes, with a very satisfied sigh and smile, to savor
the memory.  As I lay there on my back, wondering how such a fantasy could
possibly seem so real when only described by someone on a video tape, I
suddenly feel a hand slide across my chest.  I open my eyes and look to my
left and there he is, lying naked, by my side, in my bed.

"You must have dozed off", he says, "and look how hard you are, you've been
dreaming."  "Let's not talk anymore, I want you" and he rolls over and lies
on top of me kissing me deeply.  He snuggles and puts his arms around me
spreads his legs and slides down, taking my cock deep inside his wonderfully
tight hot ass.  I meet his hot embrace and kisses with mine and run my hands
up and down his back and ass, lingering on his firm round buns as he begins
to slowly move up and down on me.  We both moan deeply and decend together
into the depths of incredibly intense sexual ecstasy and passion.
