Archive-name: 3plus/dsurpriz.txt
Archive-author: 
Archive-title: Debi's Surprise


It's the third time I have tried to call you this afternoon ...  no
doubt you have been out having hot sex with some of the men you know.
But this time, you answer the phone.

"Hi Debi!" I respond with happiness in my voice.  "It's Lloyd."

"I know that!" you reply, equally happy.  "I know your voice.  And
it's good timing ... I just got home."

"Yeah, I know ... I called you a couple times over the past couple
hours ...  I wasn't sure when you'd get back ..."

"Well, you know me when it comes to sex!" you say cheerfully and with
a seductive lilt to your voice.  "As long as there are men, I want to
keep going ... and keep them cumming!  And guys just kept showing up
this afternoon!  I tried calling you at your hotel room before I left
to see if you wanted to join me, but you weren't there."  Your voice
becomes a little bit more flirty.  "And it's too bad, Lloyd ... you
should have seen me!  You would have LOVED how much of a slut I was
today!  I was totally COVERED with their cum ... and it was SO
delicious!  And I kept thinking about you, your cock, and your cum
when I was getting fucked in the ass and sucking off all those men,
one after another in OUR favorite position ..."

"Ahhhh Debi ... you're getting me SO turned on!" I moan as I reach
down and squeeze my growing cock.

"Well that's GOOD, Lloyd," you reply even more seductively, "because
after I take care of a few things around here I want to come over
there and give you what you missed out on earlier.  I bought a new
outfit today and I want to model it for you.  It's very skimpy and
sexy, and I want to show it to you for a LONG time from ALL different
angles so you get to really enjoy it before I take it off for you ...
very slowly!  Are you stroking your cock, Lloyd?"

"Well, I AM, Debi," I breathe, rubbing my now rigid cock as it
strains against my pants.  "but the reason ..."

"Well keep doing that," you interrupt, your voice still MORE
seductive, "and think about your cum shooting down my throat in our
favorite position, since that's JUST what's going to happen after I
decide I've teased you enough.  But DON'T cum now ...  just keep
stroking and save it all for me.  I'll be there in a half hour."

I can't answer for a moment as I masturbate through my pants, and all
you hear is my aroused breathing.  Then, to keep from getting TOO
close to orgasm, I let go of my cock and sigh.  After taking a deep
breath I say, "Well Debi, you're always SOOOO good to me, and I can
hardly wait 'cause you have me REALLY hot for you now!  But the
reason I called you is because *I* have something for YOU!"

"What is it?" you reply excitedly, the eager happiness clearly
showing in your voice.

"Well, it's a surprise for you," I answer playfully.  "And I was
calling to invite you over so I could give it to you ... you have to
find out what it is in person ... and I KNOW you're going to LOVE
it!"

"Well that's great, Lloyd!" you reply excitedly.  "I'm looking
forward to it!  You know how much I LOVE surprises!"

"Of course!" I continue.  "That's why I'm giving you THIS one!  So
I'll stroke my cock and keep it nice and hot for you ... and I can't
wait for you to get that sweet, luscious ass of yours over here as
soon as you can!"

"Yes, Lloyd ... stroke yourself and think about my ass and how I'm
going to tease you with it," you purr.  "But remember: don't cum yet!
I'll be there soon -- Bye Lloyd!"  Your sexy giggles are suddenly cut
off as you hang up the phone before I can respond.  What a TEASE you
are!  I smile with satisfaction at how much FUN we always have
together, and at how very sexy you are ...

It's hard to keep from cumming as I stroke myself per your
instructions ... and it's difficult to concentrate during the phone
call I make to help set things up for your surprise.  But soon,
everything IS set up, and I open up my folder of our scrapbook photos
and look through them as I wait for you to arrive.

A little while later there's a knock on my door.  I look at my watch:
you're right on time -- reliable as usual!  I walk over and open the
door, and there you are, standing and smiling at me sweetly, wearing
an outfit that's every bit as sexy as you described: a very tiny pink
mini-skirt of thin, stretchy material that does little more than hug
your hips and barely cover your pussy and your ass.  Your matching
half-top clings to you and clearly shows the outlines of your
nipples, and it is quite low cut, giving me an ample view of your
breasts.

As I gaze at you appreciatively, you twirl around and wiggle your
gorgeous body seductively, and then glide through the door.  As you
pass me, your hand grazes across my bulging crotch.  "Well, Lloyd, I
see you've been following my instructions," you say, lightly
squeezing my cock through my pants as you kick the door shut with a
sexy flourish and saunter into the middle of the room.  You twirl
around and wiggle again, ending up facing me and saying, "So how do
you like it?" as you glide your hands down the sides of your body.

"I like it a LOT, Debi!" I reply with an appreciative and aroused
smile.  "You look a lot like some of those women on our bikini
contest tapes."

You smile in return, "Well, that's just how I intend to look, Lloyd
... except in my case, there's no bikini underneath."  You reach down
to the hem of your skirt and make like you are going to lift it.
"Want to see?" you ask.

"I sure do!" I reply eagerly.

"Well, not yet, Lloyd," you reply teasingly as you let go of the hem.
"Get undressed -- I want to see you naked."

"Anything you say, Debi!" I say, smiling happily and arousedly as I
begin to undress.  As I remove my clothes, you dance in front of me
lewdly and teasingly, touching yourself as you do.

Pretty soon, I'm completely naked, and my cock is sticking straight
out at you as you continue to dance.  As I watch you, spellbound, you
slowly work your way closer and closer to me, until you are right in
front of me, undulating your gorgeous body so that your tummy grazes
the head of my erect cock now and then.

I reach out for you, and you giggle and move backwards, and you say,
"Stroke your cock for me, Lloyd," as you rub your hand against your
pussy through the front of your tiny skirt.  "But don't cum until I
tell you to.  I want it all for myself."

"Oh, you're SUCH a tease, Debi!" I reply, moving towards you and
trying to grab you again.

You squeal with delight and move back some more, evading my grasp,
and you say, "Come on, Lloyd.  Stroke your cock."

"But I WANT you, Debi!" I say, the lust burning in my eyes as I reach
for you yet another time.

You just smile and evade me once again, and this time you go over to
the foot of the bed and bend over, sticking your ass out at me and
gyrating it as you reach back to the hem of your skirt with one hand.
Looking over your shoulder at me, you say, "Stroke your cock and
I'll show you my ass, Lloyd."

I stop and look at you, feeling the lust surging through me as I
admire how good you are at teasing me.  "OK, Debi," I reply, my voice
a hoarse gasp.  "You KNOW how much I LOVE to see your hot ass!"  I
smile arousedly as I take my erection in my hand and start to stroke
it.

"Ahhhh, that's good, Lloyd," you purr, and as you wiggle your ass at
me, you start to raise your skirt up, slowly exposing your nude,
gorgeous butt to me little by little.  By the time it is completely
uncovered, I'm panting and feeling hot surges of pleasure going
through me as I masturbate wildly.

"Stroke it really good," you say, crawling up on the bed and getting
on your stomach with your ass in the air.  You reach down underneath
you with one hand and play with your pussy as you rub your ass with
the other.  "But don't cum, Lloyd!"

With that, your climax overcomes you.  Your orgasm is hot and
powerful, and you moan loudly and deeply as you feel the pleasure
surging through you.  Between the waves of your passion, you keep
telling me to stroke my cock and not to cum.

You have gotten me extremely hot and I'm seconds away from cumming.
I can't stand it any more!  "Damn it Debi!" I groan as I let go of my
cock and move quickly over to the bed.  "You're such a HOT tease!
I've going to have spank that teasing little ass of yours!"

I take your hand off your ass and let mine land with a SLAP against
your round, luscious cheeks.  You roll out from under me and there is
a look of raw lust and desire in your eyes as you smile lewdly and
move back.  I lunge for you, and you giggle as you slide out of my
grasp, rolling to the end of the bed and wiggling your ass at me
tauntingly.

I lunge again, and this time I manage to catch you, and I to spank
your sweet butt once again.  But then you wiggle away and evade me
once more.  I chase you all over the bed like this, sometimes
catching you and giving you a spank, and sometimes unable to.

Finally, I am on top of you, pinning your wrists to the bed with my
hands and holding you down with my body.  We're both panting with
desire and VERY hot for each other.  Our eyes are locked together and
our faces show a combination of affection and intense lust.

I reach over with one hand to the nightstand next to the bed, and I
open the drawer and take out a pair of leather wrist straps with
attachable chains.  "Well, I didn't quite plan it THIS way," I say
between gasps, "but it looks like this is a PERFECT time for your
surprise!"

A sudden smile shoots across your pretty face, and I lean down and
give you a sweet little kiss on your lips.  Then, I fasten the cuffs
to your wrists.  I then get off of you and remove your top, kissing
and licking your nipples and nuzzling your breasts as I do.  After
that I fasten the chains to your wrist cuffs and the other ends to
the frame of the bed.

"Oh Lloyd, this is a GREAT surprise!" you moan as you undulate your
body invitingly on the bed.

I smile affectionately and come over and kiss you again.  "Just wait!
It gets even better!  Nothing but the best for my Debi!"  With that,
I pull your tiny skirt off of you as you wiggle obligingly.  I then
adjust the pillows behind you and help you into a half-sitting
position, refastening the chains to the bed to hold your hands spread
out by your sides.  I then get two more cuffs and chains out of the
drawer and fasten them to your ankles and to the bed so that your
beautiful legs are spread wide apart.

I look at you deep in your pretty blue eyes and give you one more
sweet little kiss on your lips, and then I turn towards the door to
the other room in my suite and call out, "OK ... you can come in
now!"

As you lay on the bed, nude, bound, and spread-eagled, the door opens
and in walks a man and a woman you have never seen before.  They are
wearing nothing but matching red g-strings.  They both look to be in
their 30's, and they are both very attractive.  The man has a firm,
slightly muscular body and nice features.  The woman has a reasonably
pretty face and is a little taller than you, and she has nice legs, a
slim tummy, a round ass, and somewhat larger breasts than you ...
and although she isn't as good looking as you are, she is still quite
sexy and attractive.

They look at me, and then they look you over admiringly.  "Nice ...
VERY nice!  She's BEAUTIFUL!" the woman says, eyeing you with obvious
lust.  Her nipples are hardening visibly.

"Definitely!" the man says, leering at you and reaching down to
theatrically squeeze and rub his cock through his g-string.  "She's
already turning me on!"

The woman looks over at him and pushes his hand away from his crotch,
replacing it with hers.  As she begins to stroke his cock through the
skimpy piece of material that covers it, it starts to grow in her
hand, and she teasingly coos to him, "Ooooooh, I can tell you like
her!"

"Oh yes, I DO!" he moans, moving his hips in rhythm to her strokes as
his cock grows to its full 8 inches and pushes the front of his
g-string off of his body.  You can see some of his cock and balls
behind the material.

"So introduce us, Lloyd," the woman says.  As Bill steps out of his
g-string.

"Well," I reply as I start to lightly run the palms of my hands and
my fingertips all over your breasts and tummy.  "This is Debi ...
the hottest slut you will ever meet!"  I look down at you and we
share a quick, private glance and a faint smile, and then you start
to writhe very sexily on the bed under my caressing hands as you fix
your lust-filled gaze into the eyes of the increasingly aroused man.

"And Debi," I continue, "this is Bill and Sandra ... I met them during
the convention."

"Nice to meet both of you," you say, continuing to move seductively
in your bonds as you give them an inviting smile.  My hand glides
down and lightly grazes your pussy as you are speaking, and you end
your sentence with a soft, lust-filled moan.

"It's a pleasure!" the woman purrs as her eyes sparkle with eager
excitement.  "Isn't it, Bill?" she adds as she pulls down his
g-string enough to completely expose his erect cock, which she then
starts to stroke and caress even more sexily than before as she
reaches around with her other hand and begins to rub and squeeze his
ass.

Bill is breathing heavily and is having a bit of a hard time speaking
as you stare at him and writhe sexily.  "Uh-huh ... yes ... DAMN
you're hot, Debi!"

"Thank you, Bill," you purr as your eyes bore into his.  You lick
your lips and continue, "Did Lloyd tell you how much I love to eat a
man's cum?"

Bill's face breaks into a smile and he starts to shake his head "yes"
and answer you, but Sandra interjects, "Yes, Debi, he did ... Lloyd
told us all about the way you like to take a man's hard cock in your
mouth ... a cock like THIS one, as a matter of fact ..." she adds,
looking down for a moment at Bill's throbbing erection with a lewd
smile, "... and how you love to swirl your tongue around it ...
take it all the way down your throat ... tease it and stroke it
with your mouth and hands ..."

Bill suddenly gives out a loud groan and jerks his hips forward
forcefully.  "Oh no, Bill," Sandra says, letting go of his cock.  "Not
yet ... you have to wait ... Debi isn't ready for your cum yet ..."
she looks over at you, "... are you, Debi?"

You look at Bill, then at Sandra, and then back at Bill again.  "Oh,
I'm ready," you reply, giving Bill your sexiest gaze.  You can see
him responding to you, the yearning desire for your mouth around his
cock showing clearly in his eyes.  "I'm ready for your cum right now
Bill!"

"Well, I don't think so, Debi," Sandra replies with a smile.  "You may
WANT his cum now, but you are just going to have to wait, and to take
care of ME first.  Do you like to eat pussy, Debi?"  Sandra moves away
from Bill and strides up next to the bed.  She starts to reach under
her g-string and finger her pussy.  "Hmmmm?"

I give your shoulder a slight squeeze and move away from you.  You
look over at Sandra and say, "I DO like eating pussy, and I'm VERY
good at it ..." you give her a slutty look as her fingers move
furiously against her pussy.  Then, you glance over at Bill, who is
stroking his cock again and watching you, spellbound, and you add,
"... but I love sucking cock a LOT more ... and I've even BETTER at
THAT!"

Sandra looks over to Bill and smiles, and then she turns back to you
and says, "Well, you have to satisfy me first, Debi ... let's see how
good at eating pussy you really are!"

With that, Sandra slips off her g-string, whose crotch is wet with her
juices, and she climbs onto the bed and straddles you on her hands
and knees, her crotch pushed right up in front of your face as she
faces your own wet pussy.  "Lick it, Debi!" Sandra orders as she
gently pushes her cunt against your mouth.

"Oh GOD!" Sandra moans as your mouth finds her clit and you begin to
expertly pleasure her with your lips and your tongue.  Sandra had
obviously gotten quite turned on by all the activity leading up to
this, because almost immediately, she is cumming against your face.
She has an unusually large flow of cum, and you feel it splash
against your face in rhythmic little gushes.

Her orgasm continues for a little while until she moves her crotch
off your face.  "Well, you ARE good, Debi!" she says appreciatively
as she starts to glide her hands over your tummy, your legs, and VERY
lightly over your crotch.  She begins to plant teasing little kisses
all around your pussy, not quite touching your clit, but getting
closer and closer to it all the time.  In between kisses, she is
saying, "The last time Bill had an orgasm was last night ... and I've
teasing him all day ... and he always shoots out a LOT of cum ..."

With that, she plants her mouth solidly against your clit, and using
her fingers inside of your pussy at the same time, she begins to
expertly suck and lick you.  With a loud, deep, gasping moan, you
begin to cum wildly against Sandra's face.

When you are about halfway through your orgasmic peak, Sandra removes
her mouth from you and you strain against your bonds to reach her
again.  But she doesn't let you, and instead, she begins to gently
tickle her fingers up and down the crack of your ass, which is filled
with your fluid and her saliva, and she says, "Bill LOVES to cum ...
shooting spurt after spurt of his cream into your mouth ... onto your
face ... down your throat ..."

With that, she buries her face in your crotch and her fingers in your
pussy again, and she brings you to an even more powerful orgasmic
peak.  But once again, she pulls away before your climax has
completely run its course.

"Eat my pussy again!" she orders, and she pushes her cunt against
your face again.  You suck her even better than before in your
aroused fervor, and she cums and cums and cums against you ... she
soon is wildly griding her crotch against your face and gasping with
passion as wave after wave of her orgasm engulf her.

Finally, she seems to be momentarily spent, and as she gasps for
breath, she moves her pussy away from your now cum-drenched face, and
she gently lowers herself down on you and rests her head on your
thigh.

Her ass blocks your line of sight, and I can see you trying in vain
to peek around to get a look at Bill.  He is stroking himself
furiously, making enough noise so that you know what he is doing.
But whenever he seems as if he is close to cumming, he stops and
takes a few deep breaths until his urgency passes.  This way, he is
keeping himself hot and ready as he builds up a bigger and bigger
load of cum inside of his balls.

A little while later, Sandra has regained most of her composure, and
with her ass still blocking your view of Bill, she teases, "You
should see Bill's cock NOW Debi ... it is totally rigid and the head
is bright purple ...  I can tell when it looks like this that when he
cums it will be a LOT ...  I bet you won't even be able to hold all
of it in your mouth!"

You are quite aroused and you gasp, "Oh ... I would LOVE for you to
fill my mouth with your cum, Bill!  I'm sure it would dribble out all
over my face ... I love cum SO much!  Please Sandra," you add, more
for Bill's benefit than anything else, "please let Bill see how good
I am at sucking all the sweet, luscious cum out of his cock ...
please let him fuck my hot mouth just like it's my pussy!"

Bill lets out another loud gasp and barely lets go of his cock in
time to prevent an orgasm.  I look over at you and you smile with
pride at the effect you are able to have on him.

"Well, Debi," Sandra says, "I think I WILL let him do that ... in a
little while!"  She then looks over to Bill and she says, "Come over
here, honey, and let me suck your cock."

With that, Sandra gets up off of you, and you then can see Bill for
the first time in a while ... he is in a very aroused state, and his
eyes are burning with hunger and lust for you.  He comes over onto
the bed, and Sandra has him kneel straddling you so that his cock is
about six inches in front of your face.  She positions herself next
to him and takes his rigid, throbbing member in her hand.

She slowly starts to stroke his cock and move it around right in
front of your face.  "Isn't this a pretty cock, Debi?" she asks,
moving it mere centimeters from your yearning lips.

"Oh yes!" you moan.  "Please give it to me!"

"In due time, sweetie, in due time," Sandra taunts.  She then starts
to very slowly suck Bill's cock in and out of her mouth, looking over
at you often with a teasing look in her eyes.  "It's so luscious,"
she purrs, "and filled with SO much cum!"

You moan with frustrated lust, and I come over next to the bed,
bending over and kissing you on the cheek, and I say, "I'm hungry for
your sweet pussy, Debi darling."  I reach over to your hand and give
it an affectionate squeeze which you gratefully return with a sweet
smile, and then I climb onto the bed between your wide open legs, and
I start to hungrily eat your sweet pussy.

As Sandra continues to taunt you verbally and by sucking Bill's cock
slowly in front of you, sometimes rubbing it teasinging in her cum on
your face, I bring you to orgasm after orgasm with my mouth and
hands.  Soon, you are moaning and writhing in your bonds on the bed
in the throes of an almost continuous climax, and your moans of
pleasure are loud and deep ... almost like screams.

After quite a while of this, Bill seems as if he just can't hold out
any more.  Sandra then lets go of his cock and finally says, "OK Bill,
I think she's ready ... go ahead and fuck her mouth!"

"Wait a minute!" I call out, jumping off the bed and bidding Bill and
Sandra to do the same.  You aren't in a good position to take his cock
down your throat, and I want to fix that.  I quickly push the bed
away from the wall and with Sandra's help, turn it 90 degrees.  I then
take the pillows out from under you, which allows your head to hang
back over the edge of the bed.  You smile at me gratefully as I turn
to Bill and say, "OK ... she's ready for you now!"

Bill staggers up to the bed and leans over it, propping himself up by
his hands on either side of his body.  He is wild-eyed with lust and
so eager that he almost falls down as he squats down a little to
position his cockhead between your yearning lips.  Then, he begins to
thrust his cock in and out of your mouth with animalistic abandon,
grunting with deep pleasure with each powerful stroke.

I get back on the bed and start to eat your pussy again as Bill fucks
your face.  Soon, you're experiencing another nearly continuous
orgasm, even more powerfully than before because of the satisfaction
and pleasure you are feeling at having Bill's rigid, eager,
cum-filled cock sliding rapidly and firmly in and out of your mouth
and throat.  The only thing that is keeping you from wildly bouncing
on the bed are your bonds.

After just a minute or two, Bill finally reaches his long-awaited
orgasm.  As he repeats loud, shouting grunts of "Damn! ... Damn! ...
Damn! ..."  over and over again, you start to feel and taste spurt
after spurt of his HUGE load of cum filling your mouth and your
throat and spilling out over your lips and getting all over your
pretty face as his cock keeps pumping and thrusting in and out of you.

More and more he shoots, and more and more you cum against my face
until after maybe dozen or more shots, Bill is finally spent and you
need to rest.  So I get out from between your gorgeous legs, and as
Bill starts to get up, I stop him and say, "Not yet, Bill ... Debi
would LOVE to clean the cum off your cock!"  He is weak and
trembling, but he holds himself up a little longer and lets his cock
hang down in front of your face as you moan with pleasure and thank
him profusely for his cum while licking every last drop of that
luscious fluid off of his cock and his crotch and stomach.

Finally, he is clean, and he slowly gets up off the bed and plops
down exhaustedly on the couch, a look of deep pleasure on his face.
Sandra joins him and snuggles up in his armgs as I undo your bonds and
then give your arms, legs, neck, and entire body a relaxing massage
on the bed, all the while gently kissing you.

You moan with satisfaction and return my kisses, but mostly you just
relax contentedly as you savor the soothing pleasure of my massage.

After several minutes of this, I look up and notice that Bill and
Sandra have gone back into the other room.  I assume that they are in
there fucking, and I start to ask you if you want to join them, but
all of the sudden, the emerge, totally dressed and heading towards
the door.  We ask them to stay, but they have become more shy now,
and they say that they would prefer to be alone with each other.  We
tell them we understand and we thank them, and we invite them to join
us again, which they agree to do.  After a round of hugs and kisses,
they say goodbye and leave us alone in the room.

"Well, Lloyd," you say, curling yourself up in my arms in bed, "that
was a FANTASTIC surprise!"  You give me an affectionate kiss.

"I'm glad you enjoyed it!" I reply, kissing you in return.

"Well, I DID ... VERY much so," you say.  "But now, I think you
owe me something," you add with a twinkle in your eye.

"And what's that?" I reply playfully, as if I don't know what you are
talking about.

"You owe me all of YOUR hot cum, Lloyd!" you reply, jumping out of
bed.  "AFTER I tease you for a long, long time!"  You begin to dance
VERY lewdly in front of me, smiling seductively, touching yourself,
and bringing yourself to orgasm over and over, all the time giggling,
"Now stroke yourself Lloyd ... but don't cum QUITE yet ..."

What a happy man I am ... you know JUST how to please me!

--
