"Rick!"

"Yes ma'am." I out of my bedroom and went to the head of the
stairs.  My mother was standing directly below me, beside the
telephone table in the downstairs hall.

"I was just talking to Estelle."

"Oh?" I tried to keep the dread out of my voice, even though I
already suspected what was coming.

"Yes.  We had a lovely chat.  We're going to be having some company
for the next few weeks."

"Mother, how could you?" I howled.  I knew that company from that
quarter could mean only one thing - Harry Cranston.

"Now Rick. Harry's a very nice young man.  He's quiet and well-
mannered and he won a scholarship to the state university." She
didn't mention the fact that I was having to attend summer school
to graduate, but it was all there in the tone of her voice.

"Mother," I plunged on, figuring I had to at least make my feelings
known, "Harry Cranston's a dweeb.  His face looks like a cheap
pizza and you could start a fire with the lenses in his glasses. 
The last time he was here, we didn't get along at all.  He hates
me!"

"I'm sure he doesn't hate you, Rick," she retorted.  "Harry's much
too mature for that sort of nonsense.  He'll be here this
afternoon, so you'd better get your room cleaned up."

"But I won't be able to survive if he's here.  I have to study.  He
snores like a buzz saw, he. . ."

"He's coming and you'll be civil to him.  This isn't a discussion,
Rick, it's an announcement." She had assumed what I refer to as
'The Tone!, which meant that I was on really thin ice.  I decided
to shut up before I had to clean out the basement or something like
that.  Harry was coming and the fact that my summer was ruined was
of no consequence.  I stalked back into my room, slammed the door
and flopped down on the bed.

Actually, I couldn't blame Harry for the fact that my life was
coming apart at the seams.  The gig with summer school was bad, but
I wasn't alone - several buddies were facing the same prospect. 
No, the real problem was the fact that something was seriously
wrong with me.  It wasn't just something in general like not
knowing what to do with your life or hating your parents-this was
serious.

To put it right on the line, my dick didn't work.  Well, that's not
entirely true.  My dick worked fine when I was home alone and I
beat off, but when I got around a girl, the damned thing shut down
and refused to do what dicks are supposed to do around girls.  And
my dick looked okay - about six inches long and fat enough to make
a handful - and it snapped to attention every time I touched it,
ready to tingle and spit.

I didn't even know anything was wrong till a couple of the guys set
me up with Sally Mitford for a blind date.  Old Sally goes down
like a drawbridge and she's got huge tits, so the guys figured
she'd be the ideal first piece for me. Well, I took her to a movie
where we necked all the way through to the final credits, then up
to lovers lane.  I was all ready to go, but when she stripped, my
peter shriveled up and refused to do anything.  I told her I'd been
injured playing tennis and she cried on my shoulder and promised
she'd carry my secret to the grave.

I lied to the guys about what a great fuck she was, then I set my
sights on Vicki Keller.  She was a virgin and very religious.  I
figured I just couldn't make it with a girl like Sally who had been
spending most of her senior year on her back.  Well, I spent four
months bringing Vicki up to the point of giving it a try, but the
same damned thing happened nothing.  This time I cried on Vicki's
shoulder and told her I respected her too much to steal her
virginity just to add another conquest to my list.  She cried on my
shoulder and told me what a wonderful man I was.

That was the end of dating, because I was running out of excuses. 
I still didn't know what was wrong, but it had to be pretty bad if
I couldn't get a hard-on with a woman in the room.  Now, to top it
all off, Harry was coming and I wouldn't even be able to beat off
in the room by myself.  Since there was no lock on the bathroom
door and I have two sisters, my style was definitely going to be
cramped.

I figured I'd have one more go at beating my meat in, privacy
before Harry arrived to put an end to my favorite pastime.  He was
so perfect that he probably didn't even do that, I figured.  The
very thought of old four eyes pounding his post was just about
enough to make me gag.  I pushed thoughts of Harry out of my mind,
put a heavy barbell in front of my door to prevent unexpected
visitors and stripped down, ready for action.

I had this mirror on the door of my closet, right at the end of my
bed, so I could watch myself beat off.  I don't want to brag, but
I had a good body.  I was on the swim team for four years running
and I also did gymnastics until my chemistry grades went through
the floor and I got suspended from competitions.  I didn't have
much bulk, but the definition was good.

By the time I'd kicked off my shorts, my prick was already rising
up to take a look around, leaving my big nuts hanging down low and
loose between my thighs.  I had the biggest set of nuts I'd ever
seen, each one the size of an extra large egg.

I really got off on standing in front of the mirror, posing and
pounding my cock.  No matter how I did it-fast and furious or slow
and easy-I could churn up a shot that areed up in the air and hit
the mirror from a distance of ten feet. My whole body knotted up
and the cum just blasted out all over the place.  I always kept an
old rag hidden under the bed for easy clean-up.

I was doing the old slow and easy, only about ten strokes away from
getting that rush that starts in the toes and sends sparks up to
the gut, when my mother called up the stairs, "Rick, come on down,
our company is here already."

"Shit," I muttered, stopping in midstroke, leaving my balls
bouncing and my cock vibrating in the air.  I grabbed my underwear,
slipped it on and tried to stuff my aching prick back inside.  That
didn't work, so I trapped it up against my belly with the elastic
and pulled on a baggy T-shirt, careful to leave it untucked.  As
long as I kept my shoulders hunched forward, you'd never know I had
a raging boner.

"Rick!" Mother didn't sound as pleasant this time.  "What are you
doing?"

"Just straightening the room for my guest." I said sweetly, trying
to paste a smile on my face as I walked down the stairs.  "Hey,
Harry," I said, my voice phony as hell.  "Glad to see you."

"Thanks for letting me stay,"

Harry said, stepping across the hall to shake my hand.  At least
his acne had cleared up, even though his glasses made him look like
he was staring at me through magnifying glasses.  It was the middle
of summer and he was wearing heavy wool trousers and had his shirt
buttoned up all the way to the neck.  His mother, Estelle, hovered
around him like a worried hen.

"Where's your suitcase?" I asked, figuring I'd better haul it
upstairs for him so he wouldn't collapse under the weight.  He
gestured to a small bag by the front door.  "Come on up." I led the
way to my room, Harry trudging along behind.

"Don't forget your vitamins, dear," Estelle trilled after us. 
"Three times a day for the red ones, once for the blue and green.

"Yes Mother," he groaned, a tone creeping into his voice that I
hadn't expected.  Mother and Estelle disappeared into the living
room and I was on my own with Harry.  It was beginning to look like
my life was going to be all downhill for quite some time.

I managed to avoid Harry most of the time for the first three days. 
I had classes in the morning and even went so far as to stay at the
library after class till dinnertime.  Then the weekend came and I
was stuck.  The school library was closed and my mother knew it. 
To make matters even worse, my grandmother fell and broke her
wrist, so the folks had to drive over to Centervale for a few days
to take care of her.  They piled my sisters into the car and I was
going to be on my own with the great geek of the western world.  My
mother had let me know in no uncertain terms that I was to stay
around the house and entertain my guest.  I had no doubt that Harry
would tell her if I didn't.

After the folks drove off, I stomped up the stairs to my room. 
Harry was sprawled out on the roll away bed, probably ready for his
precious little afternoon nap.  I slammed the door irritably.

"What's with you?" he asked, sitting up and looking over at me.  It
was weird, but without his glasses and with his hair all mussed up,
old Harry didn't look so bad.  I put that unsettling thought out of
my mind and sat down at my desk.  "You don't like me, do you?" he
continued, evidently bound and determined to make me talk to him.

"No, I don't, now that you ask," I blurted out, all my restraint
deserting me when I thought of the long weekend ahead of us.  "My
summer was already shit and now I'm saddled with the world's
biggest geek." There, I'd said it and Id just have to live with it.

"It isn't my fault you were too damned lazy to pass chemistry," he
shot back at me, jumping up off the bed.  "You play all semester
and then figure you'll pass on your good looks.  It just doesn't
work that way, Rick."

"I'd rather flunk than be like you," I retorted, losing my temper. 
"Who asked you, fuckhead?"

He closed the gap between us and grabbed the front of my T-shirt,
ripping the neck.  I was so shocked that I just stood there like a
dummy, looking at him.  "I'm tired of your mouth.  I don't like
being called a geek and I'm not going to take it from you."

I was really pissed off now.  First he'd fucked up my life and now
he'd fucked up my favorite shirt.  I calmly reached up, slipped my
fingers between the buttons on his baggy old shirt and ripped it
open, sending buttons flying all over the place.  I expected that
to send him scurrying over to the closet, looking for another shirt
to cover his skinny wimp's body, but he just stood there, staring
daggers at me.

I gaped back at him, not believing what I was seeing.  Instead of
a bony ribcage and a soft gut, I was looking at a torso out of a
wet dream.  His pecs swelled out full and tight, cutting sharply
back into his ribcage.  His gut was as well-defined as mine, only
you couldn't see it as well because of the mat of hair growing on
it.  As I continued to stare, my eyes focused on his nipples,
poking out of the forest of silky hairs on his chest.  I couldn't
fucking believe it-not only was the asshole smart, he was built as
well.

My thoughts were interrupted when Harry growled at me.  I mean, he
really growled.  I looked up and saw that his face was all red, his
brown eyes flashing danger.  I took a step back, but it was too
late His hands shot out bouncing off the wall hard enough to jar
the books above my desk from the shelf.  Instinctively, I lowered
my head and butted him in the gut, knocking him onto the bed.  Then
I made for the door, figuring I'd better give him time to cool off. 
He was up in a flash, though, flying off the bed and tackling me
before I'd gone two steps.  I hit the floor, face down.  My
shoulder had hit the chest of drawers, tipping it over against the
door, trapping me with this crazy man.

Then, before I could catch a breath, he was straddling my
shoulders, his knees pinning my arms to my sides.  I struggled and
squirmed under him, but I wasn't going anywhere.  "You need to be
taken down a peg or two," he snarled.

"Fuck you!" I howled, still struggling to get away.  He yanked on
the waistband of my running shorts and the next sound I heard was
fabric ripping.  "What the hell are you doing?" I gasped.

"I figure you need a good spanking, " he said, his voice sounding
odd.  The next thing to go was my underwear.  He ripped them off,
then reached around and jammed my own fucking briefs in my mouth!
His hands cupped my hard ass cheeks, gripping them so hard it hurt.

I squealed the first time he hit me, his hand coming down hard on
my butt.  The skin tingled and burned, getting hotter as he spanked
me again and again.  He'd smack me with both hands, then grab my
cheeks and pull them wide apart, exposing my asshole.  I was scared
by now, not knowing what the crazy fucker was going to do.  He was
panting, his thighs tight against my sides.  What scared me even
more was when I realized that I was starting to get off on it.

"I'm going  to  beat  your  pretty ass till it glows in the dark,"
he muttered as the blows came hard and fast.  I could feel my prick
getting stiff, pushing up between the carpet and my gut.  I raised
my ass to give it some room and he grabbed the insides of my
thighs, pulling them wide apart, forcing my ass even higher. 
"That's it, Rick, show me that pretty pink hole." I tried to pull
my legs together, but he wouldn't let me.

The closest I came to bucking him off me was when his fingers
touched my asshole the first time.  My whole body spasmed and
jerked, almost unseating him, but not quite.  He kept fingering my
hole while he spanked me, pushing against the tight ring of muscle,
doing his damndest to push his way in.  I stopped struggling
finally, my eyes filling with tears of rage and humiliation.

The worst part was realizing how damned good his finger felt,
tickling me, sending shocks of heat along to my belly.  He kept it
up and my hips started humping the floor.  I fought it, but it was
involuntary, my cock throbbing with every insistent poke.  Almost
before I knew it, his finger was in deep and he was jiggling his
hand, pumping my asshole.

"You like that, don't you Rick," he chuckled, stirring it around
faster and faster.  His fingertip grazed something up inside of me
and I shuddered violently, pushing my ass up, hoping he'd hit the
same spot again.  "I guess I hit the magic button, huh?" His finger
poked deep and my body was racked with another wave of pleasure. 
"You'll like it a lot more before I'm done with you."

He kept working his finger in my hole, stirring and poking and
prodding at the tender tissue.  Then he let out a long whistle and
scooped my balls up in his other hand, pulling them back and up
into my crack.  "More toys to play with," he said, pressing his
thumb against the tingling globes.  This was really fucked.  The
person I hated most in the world had a firm grip on my nuts and a
finger rammed up my asshole, and I had a hard-on that wouldn't
quit!

All of a sudden, Harry wasn't sitting on me anymore.  I started to
scramble to my feet, but he yanked hard on my sac and I settled
back down real quick.  "Get up nice and slow, Rick.  I've got you
where you live, dude.  Don't you forget it." I got up slowly, and
stood waiting for further instructions.  He transferred my balls to
his other hand and I was now facing him.  His face was flushed and
he actually looked pretty good.  He was sweating from his exertions
and little beads of perspiration had formed on his forehead and up-
per lip.  "Takeoff my pants-nice and slow.  Don't try anything fun-
ny, or you'll be sorry."

I fumbled with his belt and the zipper of his trousers, letting
them fall to the floor.  He stepped out of them and kicked them
aside.  There was a huge bulge in his underwear running from be-
tween his legs over to his right hip.  His cockhead was marked by
a big wet spot, showing clearly that he had really gotten off on
spanking me and playing with my hole.

"On your knees," he commanded me.  "You're going to suck my cock
and you're not going to try anything or I'll kick you in the balls
so hard, you'll have to hire a detective to find them." Looking
down, I saw he still had his shoes on and I didn't doubt a word of
what he said.  I nodded and he pushed me roughly down onto my
knees.  Then he shucked his briefs down on his thighs and the
biggest dick I'd ever seen swung over and smacked me on the cheek. 
Looking up at him from that angle, I couldn't believe that this
dude towering over me was Harry.

"You can start by licking that drool off the end," he growled,
thrusting his hips forward and poking me in the mouth with the fat,
spongy head.  I stuck my tongue out tentatively and made my first
contact.  I don't know who groaned louder, him because of the
sensation of my tongue on his root, or me because of the taste of
his cream.  It was hot and slippery and it turned me on totally. 
I lapped again and his cock spurted another glob onto my lips.

"Polish the knob, Rick"' he purred, hands on his hips, his balls
swinging back and forth between his hairy thighs.  I probably could
have slammed a fist into his nuts and ended the whole thing right
there, but I didn't really want to.  Once I'd gotten over the
initial shock, this was a hell of a lot more interesting than a
hand job.  I hadn't figured myself for gay, but maybe I was, I
thought.  I opened wide and started exploring the big purple knob
on the end of his veiny shaft.

Harry's prick had a life of its own.  It pulsed and throbbed, the
fat head puffing out tight when I licked around the ridge of the
head.  I tongued the bundle of nerves on the underside and the
hairs on his legs stood on end.  I sucked my cheeks in tight and
started bobbing my head back and forth.  The thick veins felt funny
at first and his cum tube pressed my tongue down like a doctor's
tongue depressor, but it was exciting and sexy as-hell.  My cock
was tight up against my belly, drooling juice like a leaky pipe. 
Harry's felt like a hot steel bar, bucking and flexing as I worked
it over.

"On your feet," Harry said, about the time his nuts were starting
to draw up tight.  I stood up and he grabbed me by the shoulders,
turning me around tin we were standing side by side in front of the
mirror.  He ran his hand down my back, over my ass and, suddenly,
his finger was back in my hole, poking at that spot again.  "You
like that finger up your butt, don't you? Tell me you like it."

"I like it," I groaned, starting to rotate my hips, pushing back
against his hand.

"You like my big cock, too, don't you?" I glanced in the mirror and
saw it bouncing up and down in front of him, a dense mass of dark
pubes curling around the thick base.

"I like it, Harry," I admitted, my attention focused on the in-
credible rushes I was getting from his finger.

"If this feels good... he stirred his finger around, punching the
magic spot another time, imagine how this is going to feel." He
fisted his prick with his free hand, squeezing tight, flaring the
head up like an over-size plum.

"I don't think so," I whimpered, panic starting tos in. "Theres no
way in hell I could live through that."

"Don't be stupid, Rick.  Your ass was made for fucking.  You're a
natural for it.  Look at yourself in the mirror." I looked.  My
cock was spurting juice and my balls, which always hung low, were
hugging the shaft of my prick.  I was flushed pink all over and
panting like a damned dog, my asshole squeezing his finger like I
wanted to pop the bone right out of it.  Maybe he was right! I
couldn't fuck a girl because I wanted to get fucked myself!

"Spread your legs and lean forward.  I'll do the rest." His finger
popped out of my ass, leaving me sucking air.  He clamped a hand on
m neck and pushed my body forward slightly.  Then he smacked my
butt a couple of times with his prick before rubbing the head down
down along my crack.

'Aieee!" I screamed when he pushed the head up into me.

"Stop it, Harry.  You're killing me! Stop it!" If he heard me, he
didn't pay any attention.  He was battering me roughly, every
thrust forcing more of his monster meat up my chute.  I thought I
was going to split open at first, but I didn't.  I could feel him
inching in, his thick meat invading my guts.  Once he was wedged
firmly inside, he stopped pushing and started rubbing my back and
sides, his fingertips caressing the ridges of muscle in my belly.

The pain gradually subsided, the burning in my asshole soon
overwhelmed by the fire in my belly and the tingling in my cock. 
I started rotating my hips real slow and easy, savoring the
pressure and fullness that I was feeling.  When I sucked my belly
back tight, I was jolted by a stab of pleasure-sort of like when he
had his finger up in me, only better.  Much better.

"Stand up, Rick," Harry directed, pulling me back against him.  I 
leaned  into  him,  the  hair on  his  chest  and  belly   tickling
against my back.  He rubbed his torso against me, his hips starting
to pump as he worked his way in deeper and deeper.  He was up in me
a long way when his pubes finally began to tickle against my smooth
ass.  I breathed a sigh of relief and let my head roll back onto
his shoulder.  He wrapped his arms around my chest and started
fucking me.

I couldn't stand still for long, so I started fucking him right
back, pushing and twisting and squirming against him. judging by
the sounds he was making, it felt as good to him as it did to me. 
Our sweat was sticking us together like glue, adding soft slurping
sounds to our groans and the wet sounds his dick was making in my
asshole.

Then he started rubbing my belly, his fingers tracing lower and
lower till he had his hand on my prick.  I clamped my chute down
like a vise, making him fight to pull out for his next thrust.  "I
can't take much of that," I warned, reaching back and gripping his
hairy butt to steady myself.  If he heard me, he didn't care.  He
kept on jacking my meat, driving in and out of my hole like a man
in a hurry.

"I'm cumming," I howled, gasping for air as my nuts exploded in a
white, sticky flood.  My first shot got the mirror on the door, as
usual.  Then he started pounding me, battering the spot up in my
ass that felt so frigging good.  I grunted and shot again, this
time hitting the ceiling.

"Oh man," Harry groaned, "shoot it, Rick.  That's so hot!" I tensed
and blew another blast on my horn, this time hitting myself under
the chin.  Harry kept on pumping my cock, his teeth digging into my
shoulder as he started filling my quivering ass with his hot load. 
I could feel him blowing it up into me, the heat flooding my gut. 
His steady humping lost all its rhythm, degenerating into a series
of thrusting, spastic jabs that I enjoyed.

When we were drained dry, we both hit the floor like a ton of
bricks, Harry heavy and hot on top of me.  "I hope you learned your
lesson," he said, finally getting his breathing under control.  "I
figure you won't call me names again, will you?"

"And if I do?" I teased, flexing my asshole around his cock.

"You know what'll happen to you.  I'll beat your ass, then I'll
fuck you bowlegged.  And you'll love every frigging minute of it."

"Any chance you'll help me with my chemistry?" I asked, craning my
head and grinning at him.  All of a sudden, I had the feeling that
this might turn out to be the best summer of my life.


