DYNASTY:  The Lost Episode


WARNING:  This story is not intended for anyone under the age of 18.  It
is for adults only. 



"That bitch!" shouted Sammy Jo as she stomped down the hallway of the
Carrington mansion.  Wearing a light purple leotard, her unbound breasts
bounced freely as she walked.  She had just finished a long workout and
her sweat, mixed in with the chilly air conditioning in the mansion, made
her small nipples hard.  Her nips were super sensitive, and if she rubbed
them just a little it gave her a mild orgasm. 

Sammy Jo grabbed the butler's arm and shouted at him.  "Where is Fallon?" 

"Which one?" the butler asked.  "The skinny one who used to play Nancy
Drew or the British one with big hooters?" 

"The one with the tits," Sammy Jo replied angrily.  "Don't get smart with
me." 

"She's in her bedroom."

As Sammy Jo leaped up the stairs, the butler watched her tight ass as it
wiggled upstairs.  Watching Sammy Jo always gave him a hard-on.  He went
off to the bathroom to jerk off. 

Meanwhile, Fallon stood at the side of her bed packing an overnight bag. 
She and Krystle were going to spend the weekend at an exclusive spa. 

Without knocking, Sammy Jo walked into Fallon's bedroom.  "Don't you know
how to knock?" Fallon asked. 

"You're the one with the knockers," Sammy Jo replied.  "Why don't you
teach me?" 

"What do you want?" Fallon asked.

"How dare you fix Steven up on a date with a man."

"He is gay, isn't he?"

"Sure, but he's my husband.  I don't want him fucking some strange guy in
the ass." 

"So I suppose you just want him to fuck you in the ass, is that it?"

"That's right.  My asshole is the only one Steven needs.  If he closes his
eyes, he can pretend I'm a guy." 

"Do you mean to say that Steven, my gay brother, fucks you in the ass?"

"Of course.  Doesn't Jeff fuck you in the ass?"

"Of course not."

"You are so uptight, Fallon.  I'll bet you've never even had an orgasm."

"Of course I have, Sammy Jo.  Jeff gives me an orgasm every night."

"I doubt that.  Because if he did, you wouldn't be so uptight."

"You cunt!" Fallon shouted.

"You want to see my cunt?  Is that it?"  Sammy Jo ripped her body stocking
near her crotch, revealing her small thatch of light brown pubic hair. 
"Here's my cunt.  It's nice, isn't it?  I'll bet you'd like to lick it." 

"Don't be repulsive." 

"Get on your knees, Fallon," Sammy Jo demanded.  Before her sister-in-law
could reply, Sammy Jo pushed Fallon down to her knees.  Fallon stared
directly at Sammy Jo's pussy.  Sammy Jo licked two fingers on her right
hand and rubbed them over her twat, mas saging her clitoris.  "Lick it." 

"I will not!"

"Lick it or I'll tell your husband about the affair you had with the butler!"

"How did you know about that?"  Fallon was shocked.  She thought no one
knew.  It was true that Jeff was a lousy lover.  Jeff had a tit fetish and
all he ever wanted to do was fuck her tits.  That never gave her much
pleasure.  She thought that she would try another lover to see if someone
else would be better.  She chose the butler because he would be discreet. 
But unfortunately he had a small penis and came too quickly.  If Sammy Jo
told Jeff their marriage would be over.  Fallon had no choice. 

"You win, Sammy Jo.  Tell me what to do.  I've never done this before."

"Stick out your tongue and rub it up and down over my clit.  You can
massage it with your fingers too." 

Fallon slowly stuck out her tongue and let the tip touch Sammy Jo's clit. 
It was warm and wet.  It had a slight fishy odor and taste.  "Don't be
shy," Sammy Jo said as she rammed Fallon's head into her twat.  Fallons'
face became sopping wet with Sammy J o's pussy juices.  Fallon's tongue
probed until it found the clit again and began to wiggle her tongue up and
down.  Sammy Jo grabbed Fallon's head and squeezed tight.  Fallon was
doing a very good job.  Encouraged by the response, Fallon traced a
fingern ail over Sammy Jo's pussy lips.  Slowly she stuck a finger, and
then two and three, into Sammy Jo's cunt.  She wiggled her fingers and
shoved them in and out as she continued to lick her clit. 

"Oh God, you're gonna make me come!" Sammy Jo screamed.  She arched her
back and ran her fingers through Fallon's dark hair.  A warm shiver passed
through her body.  Fallon could feel her body shudder.  Sammy Jo's body
tensed and then slowly released.  Fallon could feel Sammy Jo's pussy
getting wetter and wetter. 

"You're doing good," Sammy Jo said.  "After you make me come a few more
times, it'll be your turn." 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Kirby sat on the toilet.  She finished pissing and dried off her twat with
a wad of toilet paper.  She rubbed the toilet paper over her dark bushy
pubes.  Her pussy was like a jungle, and her curly dark brown pubic hair
was the underbrush that hid her sli t.  She lingered at her clit, rubbing
the toilet paper up and down. 

Then Kirby stood up.  She was naked.  Her large proud breasts disobeyed
gravity and barely sagged.  She brushed a fingernail over her erect
nipples.  She thought about the fact that she had not had sex in months. 
She was about to go to bed alone again, a nd she wished she had company. 

Slipping on a large matronly nightgown, Kirby opened the bathroom door and
walked to her bed.  As she was about to turn off the light, there was a
knock on the door.  "Come in," she said. 

The door opened, and Jeff Colby stepped into the room.  He was nervous and
his palms were sweaty.  "Hi Kirby.  I just wanted to say goodnight." 

"Goodnight Jeff."  Jeff hesitated at the door.  "Is there something on
your mind?" 

"Actually, there is."  Jeff entered the bedroom and closed the door behind
him.  "Fallon and I are having problems.  Sexual problems.  I was hoping
you could help me." 

"I'm not the best person to ask about sexual problems but I'll try."

"Actually I was hoping you could help me in a different way.  You see,
Fallon thinks I'm a terrible lover.  So I was hoping that you and I could
have sex and then you could tell me what I was doing wrong." 

It seemed like a reasonable request to Kirby.  After all, she needed a
good lay.  "It would just be our secret, right?  I wouldn't want Fallon to
know." 

"It's just between you and me."

"Lock the door."

Kirby removed her nightgown, revealing her large breasts.  Her tits were
as beautiful as Jeff had imagined.  He grabbed them and placed a large
brown nipple in his mouth.  He sucked it until her nipple was erect. 

"You're off to a good start," Kirby commented.

Kirby lay on her back as Jeff removed his clothes.  As he whipped off his
boxer shorts, his prick sprung to attention.  Kirby grabbed his cock in
both hands.  "Nice dick.  Jeff, if Fallon thinks your a shitty lay, there
must be something wrong with her." 

Then Jeff sat on Kirby's rib cage and stuck his cock between her soft
breasts.  "Shove your tits together.  I'm gonna fuck them." 

Kirby pressed her tits together and Jeff began to pump.  While it didn't
do much for her, she enjoyed licking and sucking the tip of his dick
during every thrust. 

"How'm I doing?" he asked.

"Fine.  Keep going."

After a minute of thrusting, Jeff squeezed Kirby's tits even closer
together, freeing up her hands to squeeze his butt.  She reached under his
butt and rubbed his hairy balls. 

Jeff's body began to tighten.  "I'm gonna cum!"  He began to shoot his wad
under Kirby's chin and on her throat.  Then he took his prick in his hand
and squeezed off two more squirts, one on her open mouth and another on
her chin.  Finally, he jacked off another load on her big tits. 

Exhausted, Jeff fell to the side of the bed.  Kirby wiped the cum off her
mouth and rubbed the rest into her body, lingering as she rubbed cum over
her nipples. 

"So how was I?" 

"That's it?  Is that all you're going to do?  Fuck my tits and come in my
face?" 

"Yeah.  That's what I like to do.  I do it to Fallon every night.  Don't
you think she enjoys it?" 

"No!  That didn't get me off.  You didn't even touch my pussy.  You really
are a lousy lay!" 

"Help me, Kirby!  Show me what to do!  I don't want to be a lousy lay!" 

"I'll help you, but only because you got me all sexually frustrated. 
You're going to eat my pussy until you get a hard-on again.  And then
you're going to do everything I say." 

"I'll do anything!  Just help me!"

Jeff shoved his face into Kirby's hairy pussy.  He had to dig around to
find her clit.  He started to flicker his tongue over her clit. 

"That's more like it."

After a minute, Jeff's hands moved up her body to her tits.  He started to
squeeze them.  Kirby slapped his hands away. 

"Concentrate on my cunt.  You really do have a tit fetish, don't you?" 

"Mmm-hmm."  His mouth was buried in her snatch.  "You know, this actually
tastes pretty good!" 

"Keep licking!"

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Fallon and Sammy Jo were now both nude in a 69 position, with Sammy Jo on
top.  Each were munching on the other's cunt.  They had been at it for an
hour.  Fallon was a quick study, and was becoming an excellent
cunt-licker.  Sammy Jo had come several time s. 

Both were so busy eating snatch that they didn't notice a man walk into
the room and sit in a chair.  He sat there for twenty minutes before he
said anything. 

"A-hem."

Both ladies looked up from their muff diving to see Steven Carrington
sitting in a chair watching them. 

"Steven!" 

Fallon tried to shove Sammy Jo aside but Sammy Jo would not budge. 
"Steven, you're my brother!  You can't see me like this!" 

"I didn't know you were a dike, sis.  No wonder you and Jeff can't get it
on." 

"Steven, how long have you been sitting there?"

"About twenty minutes, Sammy Jo.  I didn't know you were gay.  It gives us
something in common." 

"I'm not gay, Steven.  I just wanted Fallon to eat me out, that's all. 
I'm punishing her for fixing you up with men." 

"You found out about that, huh?"

Sammy Jo reached back and pulled aside a butt cheek, revealing her small
asshole.  "Steven, if you want to fuck somebody in the ass, do it to me. 
Okay?" 

"Okay.  I'm sorry.  Can I do it now?"

"Sure!"

"No way!"  Fallon tried again to move Sammy Jo off of her but failed. 
"Steven, you're my brother.  This is too weird." 

"Don't be a cunt, Fallon.  Steven's going to fuck me, not you.  Now go
back to rug munching or I'm going to tell Jeff about your affair with the
butler." 

Steven dropped his pants.  "Fallon, you fucked the butler?"

"Nevermind."  Fallon dove back into Sammy Jo's pussy and resumed licking. 

Steven tossed aside his underpants and tugged at his hard prick.  Sammy Jo
collected Fallon's pussy juices on her hand and rubbed them on her
asshole.  "Go ahead, Steven.  I'm all lubed up." 

Steven rammed his cock into Sammy Jo's asshole.  Her tight ass opened
right up and took in all of his dick.  She squealed with delight. 

"Fuck me, Steven!  Fuck me!"

Fallon looked up from Sammy Jo's cunt and could see her brother's balls
banging against Sammy Jo's tight ass.  She wanted to feel his balls just
to see what they were like.  But that would be wrong.  They were brother
and sister.  That would be incest. 

But before Fallon could think more about incest, Steven's hands landed on
her tits.  He started to rub and squeeze them. 

"Steven!  You're my brother!  You can't do that!" 

Sammy Jo spoke on behalf of her husband.  "Shut up, cunt.  Steven can do
whatever he wants." 

After a few more minutes of pussy licking and ass fucking, Sammy Jo pushed
Steven away.  "That's enough.  My ass hurts.  Let's switch."  Remaining in
69 position, Sammy Jo rolled over letting Fallon be on top.  Fallon looked
up and was face to face with h er brother's cock. 

"Suck it Fallon," Sammy Jo ordered.

"No!  He's my brother!  It's wrong!"

"Do it, you cunt!"

"Come on, sis.  It's no big deal.  Maybe you'll make me go straight."

Fallon closed her eyes and opened her mouth.  Steven shoved his cock in
her mouth.  It was bigger than Jeff's.  Steven started to move his cock in
and out of her mouth. 

"Don't forget about me!" Sammy Jo said.  Fallon started to rub Sammy Jo's
clit with one finger and finger-fuck her with another. 

In between thrusts, Fallon was able to say, "your cock tastes like shit."

"Of course it does!  He was fucking my ass!  What do you think it's going
to taste like?" 

Steven continued to mouth fuck Fallon.  She felt his balls flap against
her chin as she deep-throated him.  Finally feeling comfortable, Fallon
reached up and grabbed her brother's balls and rubbed them. 

"Blow jobs are okay, but I need an ass to fuck."

Steven pulled out of Fallon's mouth and hopped up on the bed.  He spit
onto his hand and rubbed it over Fallon's asshole. 

"What are you doing?" Fallon shouted.

"I'm going to give you a good ass fuck, sis.  It's just what you need to
loosen you up." 

Steven shoved his cock into Fallon's ass nice and slow.  This was her
first time and he didn't want to hurt her.  It went in surprisingly
easily.  "That feels kind of good," she said.  Steven started to thrust. 
Her bung hole was nice and tight.  Tighter than Sammy Jo's, which Steven
had stretched out. 

Meanwhile, Sammy Jo continued to eat out Fallon's pussy.  Then she
stopped.  "Let me up," Sammy Jo announced, slipping out from underneath
Fallon.  She stood for a moment and watched Steven fucking Fallon's ass. 
Fallon's large tits flapped back and forth with each thrust.  It made
Sammy Jo hot to watch.  Then Sammy Jo stood in front of Fallon and shoved
her cunt in her face.  "Lick me some more, Fallon.  I'm going to cum
again." 

The fucking and licking continued for a few more minutes.  Sammy Jo played
with Fallon's big tits for awhile.  Finally, Steven couldn't hold out any
longer. 

"I'm coming!"

Sammy Jo sprang into action.  She moved onto the bed and grabbed Steven's
dick from out of Fallon's asshole.  Then she grabbed Fallon by the neck
and forced her to move her face around to Steven's cock. 

"Come on our faces!" Sammy Jo ordered.

Sammy Jo jacked Steven's root until he couldn't hold back any longer. 
Sammy Jo pointed the first stream of jizz directly into Fallon's face.  It
landed point blank in her open eyes.  The second blast splashed on her
nose and dripped down into her mouth.  Sammy Jo directed the third blast onto
her own tongue, where she lapped
up the ooze.  The fourth and final blast on her tongue had such force that
it rebounded upward and hit Sammy Jo on the nose.  The jizz dripped down
her face. 

Sammy Jo grabbed Fallon and tongue-kissed her.  "Lick up his cum."  Fallon
obeyed and lapped up her brother's jizz from all over Sammy Jo's face. 
Then Sammy Jo did the same, lapping up the cum from Fallon's face. 

"Now if you do that with Jeff, maybe the two of you won't be so uptight." 

"You're right, Sammy Jo.  Thank you and Steven for making me see how
uptight I was.  I'm going to find Jeff and fuck him like he's never been
fucked before.  He'll be so sexed up that he won't even think about
tit-fucking me.  I wonder where Jeff is right now?"

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Jeff laid in bed with Kirby on top of him.  He was fucking her, and she
wriggled with pleasure.  She rubbed her hairy snatch.  For him, it wasn't
as good as tit-fucking, but he liked it anyway.  He could look up and
stare at her big tits as they bounced u p and down with every thrust.  Big
tits really got him off. 

"This is much better," Kirby said.  "If you fuck your wife this way,
she'll be a lot happier." 

"You're right, Kirby.  Thanks for showing me."

"Let's switch now."

Kirby got up on all fours and Jeff started fucking her from behind.  Jeff
liked this better because he could watch them through a mirror, so he
could see Kirby's big tits flapping back and forth as he fucked her.  Good
thing Kirby didn't notice or she wou ld have scolded him. 

"You're doing a good job, Jeff.  Fallon is really going to enjoy this."

After another minute, Jeff couldn't hold back any longer.  "I'm gonna cum
again!"  Jeff pulled out and stuck his penis on top of Kirby's butt crack. 
With his hands on her waist, he pumped until he started to come.  His
first few blasts shot up in the air and landed all over Kirby's back. 
Then he took his dick in his hand and shot his last few blasts on Kirby's
ass.  Kirby reached around and jerked his cock to get out the last few
drops of jizz. 

"Jeff Colby!  What have you done?"

Jeff and Kirby looked up to find Fallon standing in the doorway.

"Jeff, I thought you locked the door!"

"Oops!"
