

Radio amateur station G1UEF QTHR

The Sathack BBS is basically a satellite/phreaking/electronic/chemical 
knowledge media based on an educationally mutual exchange theme which 
hopefully offers some of the answers that you will not get from questions 
asked elsewhere. Although illegal activities are openly discussed in some 
areas they are not under any circumstances promoted or condoned by anyone at
Sathack BBS.

There are very few restrictions on material but if you want hacked commercial 
programmes, games etc. this is definitely the wrong BBS for you.

Access to the BBS is for a suggested donation of œ30 per year which goes 
towards the very high running costs of the BBS. You can also offer suitable 
programmes, articles, skills or information to gain access. It's best to ask 
first in case Sathack already has or doesn't want it. Old software is rarely 
of any use to the BBS as progress with modern electronics is so rapid that a 
"new" idea can be obsolete within days..

Your donation currently covers the use of the second node. This node is 
experimental and may be used for other purposes eventually. Telephone number
is +44 (0)1884 252388.

I don't guarentee that there will be any files available on the subjects of 
decoding/encrypting television signals, telephones, strange sexual behaviour, 
influencing your political life or giving information about illegal drugs 
- but there usually is! - (For those with no sense of humour, this last 
paragraph is tongue-in-cheek and meant to amuse those that do have this
facility!).

It is impossible for me to dissassemble and/or understand all of the 
programme code that is uploaded but if anyone feels that any files on this 
BBS are infringing their rights please let me know in writing to the given 
address with your reasons and I will withdraw the files immediately pending 
examination by my legal advisers. (Cor... Heavy going eh?????)

Just because an item is here does not mean that anyone at Sathack BBS wishes
to encourage anything legal or illegal. It's up to YOU personally what you
do with any data downloaded from here. 

I REPEAT... IF YOU DOWNLOAD ANY FILES FROM SATHACK, WHAT YOU DO WITH THEM IS 
ENTIRELY YOUR OWN CONCERN but under no circumstances can anyone at Sathack
BBS condone any illegal activities.

There are usually PIC16C84s, 24C65s etc available to members at prices 
far less than RS or Maplin from advertisers on Sathack. Sometimes there are 
spare pcb's available and maybe a complete PIC/24C65 programmer which works 
with Tait or Schar software and offers on card or off card programming. 
Please ask before sending orders to ensure availability and price.

Anyone is welcome to place an advertisement at Sathack but no reponsibility
is accepted at all for any deals that go wrong. Personally I find that VISA
is a pretty good way of insuring anything that may go wrong. Upload your
advertisemnet in asc form to the sysop message area.

Please send donations either by (preferably) crossed postal order or 
cheque payable to DAVID TILLEY to:-

*******************
*   David Tilley  *
*   6 Lime Road,  *
*   Tiverton,     *
*   Devon,        *
*   EX16 6JA.     *
*   UK.           *
*******************

This address may be used for ALL corespondence relating to Sathack BBS.

If you do send cash please use the insured registered delivery service.

Name used for log in:....................................................

Telephone number:........................................................

Password:................................................................

Date:....................................................................

=========================================================================

Disclaimer:-

I agree that the use to which any files downloaded from Sathack BBS is 
totally beyond the control of the sysop, is being downloaded for educational 
and informational use only by the undersigned and will not be passed to any 
third party for any reason whatsoever without the prior written consent of 
David Tilley, the system operator of Sathack BBS.


Signed..................................................................

NOTE:-

ALL user details on the BBS are encoded and VERY secure. Even the sysop 
cannot access some of the entries!

BBS Numbers:-
+44 (0)1884 255316 - to 28k
+44 (0)1884 252388 - to 14k

Voice contact number:- +44 (0)1884 256197

E-Mail dave@sathack.demon.co.uk


