


      Well, it's over. Here are a few things that you might find
                      interesting. Or maybe not.






        * * * * * SPOILER WARNING   SPOILER WARNING * * * * *

  All the secrets of Another Bloody BBS revealed for the first time!

        * * * * * SPOILER WARNING   SPOILER WARNING * * * * *









If you pressed '5' on the main menu, you got to the 'Fnord' menu. Only
one person discovered this, as far as I know. There wasn't much on it,
but if you'd told me, I would have put your access up. :)

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

My password was 'int10h'. There. It's useless now, and has no bearing
on any of my other passwords on any other board, so it might as well
be public.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

There was a minor pirate files area. It never went public because
there was hardly anything in it. I mean, just how many .GIFs of jolly
rogers and men with eyepatches do you WANT? If anyone has a GIF of
Captain Pugwash, Sandy Turner from Decadence still wants one, we
believe.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

When I was using SBBS, my yell tune was 'The Muppet Show Theme'.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

When the BBS was in the lounge room, dweeb spotting almost became a
sport. We would watch people log on and get confused. Hahaha. Some of
you people type terribly, you know.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

The correct response to 'Hail Eris' in the newuser questionaire was
'Fnord'. This would have auto-verified you. Alternatively, you could
have entered 'RESET' and recieved security level 23. (Reserved for
really entertaining people, and donators).

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

The Moose #4 was a decoy. Random line noise. Congratulations to the
people who tried to decode it. The REAL Moose #4 is on a disk, inside
an encrypted .ZIP archive, to which we have forgotten the password.
This is for the best.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

In the DOOM file area, most of the files were actually FREE! You could
have downloaded as much as you wanted, and at 1200 baud, if you really
felt like it, thus keeping my board busy for the whole day! I never
told you! Hahahahahahaha!

Oh, and yes, I probably would have hung up on you JUST when you were
about one minute over your daily time limit. Then you could have
called back and got something like this:

Enter your favorite alias: Lord Dweebie

Passfnord: μμμμμ

Sorry, your generous amount of time has expired.
NO CARRIER

And I would have laughed. Ho ho. Ha ha. He he.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

Another Bloody BBS opened around October in 1992. Eeeeek! I feel old.
At that time it was running on an 8mhz XT with a 20 meg hard drive.
Later, I upgraded to a 12.5mhz 286 machine, and added a 16 meg drive.
Eventually, both these drives were compressed.

In August 1993, I bought a 486DX-50 with two 212 meg hard drives. I'm
MUCH happier now.

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

10 Good reasons to run Windows!

1)  It comes with a pretty nifty solitaire game.

2)  There are some good screensavers.

3)  Ummm...

                        * * * * * * * * * * *

Genuine and Authorised by Black Rose Productions. Alteration of this
file is really hard to prove. Read MOOSE Magazine. Warranty? You want
a warranty? hahahahahahahahahaha!
