                      =====================
                      THE VEN-TEL ADVANTAGE
                      =====================


SUPERIOR TECHNOLOGY
-------------------

Ven-Tel's investment in Large Scale Integrated circuits (LSI
Technology) allows our modems to use as few as 70 components.
This results in lower power consumption and less heat generation,
offering unbeatable performance and reliability.


9600 PLUS - V.32
----------------

Packaging high speed communication and compatibility, Ven-Tel's
9600 Plus V.32 modem works with any V.32 modem on the market.  In
fact, the 9600 Plus is compatible with Bell 103, 202, 212, and
CCITT V.21, V.22bis, V.23 as well as V.32.


CCITT V.42BIS COMPLIANT
-----------------------

All Ven-Tel error correcting modems are V.42/V.42bis compliant
and support the industry standard MNP Level 5 protocol.  In
addition to transmitting 100% error-free information, V.42bis
provides Data Compression for faster throughput - up to 38,400
bps.  All models are downward compatible to non-correcting
modems.


100% COMPATIBLE
---------------

Ven-Tel internal Half-Cards work in all IBM compatibles and
address comm ports 1 through 4.  Ven-Tel external modems work
with any PC or asynchronous terminal with an RS-232C interface,
and they are compatible with virtually all the popular
communications packages on the market.  All Ven-Tel modems are
100% Hayes AT compatible.



FREE 5-YEAR WARRANTY
--------------------

All Ven-Tel modems are visually inspected, tested on actual phone
lines, subjected to a 48 hour burn-on period and re-tested on
simulated "worst case" phone lines.  This allows Ven-Tel to
provide a 5 year warranty on all of our PC based products.


TECHNICAL SUPPORT
-----------------

For questions on Ven-Tel's SYSOP PROGRAM, call Ven-Tel's
Application Support Dept. at (800) 538-5121 ext. 230 (also in
service from Canada), from 8 am to 5pm, Monday through Friday, or
TIPS BBS at (408) 922-0988.
