
IN YOUR DEFENSE......

                              B. O'Blivion 1992
Repeat after me:

     "If I am reading this to you, then I believe that you are questioning,
detaining, or arresting me, or searching my person or possessions in the
course of your official duties
     "I do not consent to any search or seizure of any part of my person or
property, nor to any property of others under my control.  I do not consent
to any person's examination, search, or removal of any information storage
equipment or media in my possession.  You are hereby notified that such
information storage equipment or media contain private written and electronic
mail, confidential communications, and other material protected under the
Electronic Communications Privacy Act and other statutes.
     "I respectfully decline to answer any questions beyond confirmation of
my identity, and require access to legal counsel immediately.  I demand that
access to legal counsel be provided to me before any questioning takes place.
I will answer no questions nor give any information outside the presence of
my legal counsel.  All requests for interviews, statements, consents, or
information of any sort should be addressed to me through my attorney.  I
invoke the protection of the rights given to me by the Fifth and Sixth
Amendments to the Constitution of the United States."
     "I further notify you that the speech and information contained on
information and storage and handling devices and media at this site are
protected by the First and Fourth Amendments to the Constitution of the
United States, and that any unlawful search or seizure of these items or of
the information they contain will be treated as a violation of the
Constitutional rights of myself and other users of these devices and media."
     "I further notify you that any such violations of any person's legal or
Constitutional rights which are committed at any time, by any person, will be
the subject of civil legal action for all applicable damages sustained.  I
require that at this time all officers participating in this illegal search,
seizure, or arrest identify themselves at this time by name and badge number
to me and to my legal counsel."
     [Include if applicable]
     I further notify you that I am a Computer System Operator providing
private electronic mail, electronic publication, and personal information
storage services to users in this State and among the United States.  Any
person causing a breach of the security of, or violation of the privacy of,
the information and software herein will be held liable for all civil damages
suffered by any and all users thereof."

