>From cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu Tue Aug 17 13:46:19 1993
Subject: CYBERSPACE VANGUARD 1:5




Copyright 1993, Cyberspace Vanguard Magazine

     ================================================================
    |----------------------------------------------------------------| 
    |                       C Y B E R S P A C E                      | 
    |                         V A N G U A R D                        | 
    |   News and Views of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Universe   |
     ================================================================ 
    | cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu     Cyberspace Vanguard@1:157/564  |
    |           PO Box 25704, Garfield Hts., OH   44125 USA          | 
     ---------------------------------------------------------------- 
    |  TJ Goldstein, Editor           Sarah Alexander, Administrator | 
    |    tlg4@po.cwru.edu                    aa746@po.cwru.edu       | 
     ---------------------------------------------------------------- 
     Volume 1                August  15, 1993                 Issue 5

                          
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
TABLE OF CONTENTS

--!1!--  Ramblings of a Deranged Editor 
--!2!--  Mysteries from Beyond the Scifi Channel:  Why 
                       DR. FRANKLIN RUEHL Can't Be Abducted By Space Aliens
--!3!--  The Illusion of Falling:  KENNY BATES Makes His Mark On Filmmaking
--!4!--  PETER CUSHING And The Mystery Of The Missing Films:  Trying 
                                 To Write A Book About The Master Of Horror
--!5!--  Guesting for the Old Comics Curmudgeon -- Asserting Your 
                                                               Independents
--!6!--  Reviews by EVELYN C. LEEPER
--!7!--  SF Calendar: What's Coming Up in the Near Future 
--!8!--  All The News That's Fit To Transmit
--!8!--  SPOILERS AHOY/Including Episode Guide For HIGHLANDER Season One
--!9!--  Publications and Conventions
--!10!-- Administrivia
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!1!--  Ramblings of a Deranged Editor
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     We're baaaaaack ...
     Last issue I rambled on quite a bit, so this time I'm going to make it 
short and (hopefully) sweet.
     First, thanks to all the people who wrote in offering help.  I believe 
that we finally got back to everyone, so if you haven't heard, we might not 
have gotten your letter.  Feel free to write us again.  We've gotten a few 
people to do specific subgenres, such as television, books, etc., so what 
would be nice now is for people to write in with article ideas,  (A query 
about an article idea will definitely get a quicker response.  An article 
will most likely be tagged for reading in my "copious spare time" -- and if 
you're a regular reader, by now you know what an oxymoron that is.  If 
you've queried me first I'll know to look out for it.
     Second ... this issue is going to be short on articles and long on 
news.  Because we didn't run much last issue, we found ourselves 
backlogged, and a surprising amount of it was still current.  Of the 
interviews we are carrying this month, we've got Dr. Franklin Rhuel, the 
host, creator, and brains behind the Scifi Channel's MYSTERIES FROM BEYOND 
THE OTHER DOMINION.  It's a bit weird, but if you like that sort of thing, 
it's worth a look.  Then we've got Kenny Bates, the man who is responsible 
for William Shatner falling off a mountain.  And last but not least, 
Deborah Del Vecchio and Tom Johnson, authors of PETER CUSHING:  THE 
GENTLEMAN OF HORROR AND HIS 91 FILMS.  They give us an interesting 
perspective not only on the man himself, but what it's like to try and 
track things down in the murky world of films.
     Also, we are thrilled to announce that Hugo nominee Evelyn C. Leeper 
has joined our ranks as a reviewer.  If you are on the main networks (or if 
you get Lan's Lantern) you've probably seen her stuff already, and know how 
lucky we are to have her.  (Rick will probably join her next issue.)
     Also on tap, we've been getting a lot of requests for episode guides, 
so this month we're bringing you one of the most frequently requested:  
HIGHLANDER.  If there are others that you'd like to see, let us know and 
we'll see if we can get them.
     Finally, there's the news.  There was so much of it we had to break it 
up into loose categories.  I say loose because the boundaries can get 
fuzzy.  If they make a movie out of a William Gibson story, what section do 
you put it in?  So we make no guarantees as to the classifications.  Also 
included in the news is a ballot for Clarinet's Electronic Science Fiction 
Award.  It mirrors the Hugo's, but you don't have to belong to anything in 
particular to vote.  You just have to have access to e.mail.  They've 
extended the deadline, but you've got to get them out soon.
     So there it is.  Enjoy!
-----------------
CYBERSPACE VANGUARD:  News and Views of the Science Fiction and Fantasy 
Universe is registered with the United States Copyright Office.  It may be 
reposted anywhere IN IT'S ENTIRETY.  (We'd like to know where, but only 
because we're trying to see how far it goes.)  If you would like to repost 
individual articles, you must contact us so that we may get permission from 
the author.  If you are using a small amount of news, that's fine, as long 
as information about the magazine and how to get it is also posted.  Print 
magazines and fanzines wishing to use CV news should contact us first.

Note to sysops:  We would like to put together a list of local BBS's that 
carry CV so that we can send it to people who may prefer to pick it up in 
that way.  If you wish to be included in such a listing, send the BBS name, 
phone number, and address along with your name to any of the addresses 
below.
-----------------
HOW TO CONTACT US:
    Internet:  cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu       Snail Mail: PO Box 25704
    FidoNet:  Cyberspace Vanguard@1:157/564             Garfield Hts., OH  
    Delphi:  CVANGUARD                                     44125 USA
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!2!--  Mysteries from Beyond the Scifi Channel:  Why 
                       DR. FRANKLIN RUEHL Can't Be Abducted By Space Aliens
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       by TJ Goldstein

[MYSTERIES FROM BEYOND THE OTHER DOMINION airs on the Science Fiction
Channel twice on Sundays, 4:30pm and 7:30pm Eastern Time.]

     I'll admit it:  I don't have the Scifi Channel.  But it's not my
fault.  I'm one of those millions who lives in an area where the cable
company, for one reason or another, doesn't carry it.  Of course, I'm not
alone here.  Like millions of other cable viewers, Dr. Franklin Ruehl
doesn't get SFC either.
     There is one difference between us, of course.  I'm just a viewer;
Dr. Ruehl is the creator and host of MYSTERIES FROM BEYOND THE OTHER
DOMINION, SFC's highest rated show.  "I tried.  I called them up and said
'Right here in your city, in Glendale, you have the star of the top new
show on the Scifi Channel.  Why don't you run it?'  A lot of people want 
the Scifi Channel, but it's really having trouble making it."  While this 
may sound like a sales pitch, he has very little to do with promoting the 
actual channel.  "I'd be glad to help them, but they haven't really 
enlisted my aid.  I've just done what I could and tried to get on local TV 
shows and get coverage for myself and hopefully that will translate into 
more people clamoring for it and more systems listening to their 
subscribers and finally putting it on."  Right now only 10 percent of cable 
networks in the United States are carrying SFC.
     When the tape of the show arrived, I have to say that my first thought
was that it looked like a top of the line public access cable show -- lots
of special effects and computer graphics, but mostly a guy behind a very
small desk.  It seems I was right.  Long before SFC was a gleam in anyone's
eye, Dr. Ruehl was expounding his theories on public access cable.
     "I was originally trying to get on Scifi because I thought that this
would be the ideal venue for my show.  Then I was on DONAHUE in a segment
on public access producers and I met a local representative for the Scifi
Channel.  I thought 'finally!'  Then I spoke to the president out in Boca
Raton Florida, and he wasn't really too enthusiastic.  But they were having
trouble actually getting it off the ground until they sold it to USA
Networks, which actually owns Scifi.  Finally someone that I know at
Universal was working on my show and had an in there, and since Universal
owns USA which owns Scifi, I was able to finally get the show on.  So it
took a long time even to get on this."
     Since 1984, Ruehl has done more than 130 shows, always trying to get 
the show nationally syndicated.  Now that he has succeeded, the show has 
undergone some changes.  "It's basically the same agenda or content, with 
the addition of some pretty spectacular special effects."  (Um ... while I 
will say it's better than what you usually find on public access, we are 
NOT talking about JURASSIC PARK here, folks.  Not by a long shot.  Not 
unless it's the Terry Gilliam version.)  "We also have actors doing re-
enactments of some of the stories, and we have some fantastic visuals, 
which I certainly did not have the money for when it was public access."  
The picture quality is also much better.  
     But missing also are the interviews with science fiction celebrities.  
"The set really wasn't built for it.  Besides, there are just too many 
delays.  With public access, I could say be here at 2:30 and we'll start 
taping at 2:45.  Here it's so unpredictable they could be waiting around 2 
or 3 hours and storm out because they weren't put on."
     The show does regularly hit on a few different topics, such as strange
medical cases (like a man who had a face on the back of his head -- and was
eventually driven to suicide by its moaning, which kept him up at night,)
historical oddities (like the fact that the first man killed in the
American Civil War died when a cannon misfired during the surrender
ceremony).  Some have great names like "Strange Droppings from the Sky"
that make you think that he's not quite serious, but he is.
     By far the most coverage, however, goes to UFO's and
extraterrestrials.  How much do they check out the sometimes outlandish 
claims?  "As much as we can.  We don't really have a staff to be
able to send out investigators, so we've been covering mostly the classic
UFO cases, which have been studied and investigated and then I put my own
spin on it, giving what I feel are the weak and strong points of each case.
We did have a few instances of phony UFO reports and cases which we showed
at the beginning of the series because we're trying to encourage people to 
send in UFO videos.  One was a photograph of a hubcap with a dent in it 
that was thrown up in the air.  What I was trying to do was discourage 
people from sending in phony cases.  Well, I got virtually nothing as a 
result.  People think, well, these guys are going to investigate this 
pretty thoroughly, what's the sense of trying to kid them.  I do have some 
UFO video that is excellent that we are going to use next season.  It looks 
to be an unusual facial formation on a mountain down in San Diego.  It 
certainly looks open to interpretation.  We look for things like that.  ...  
We're also getting a lot of calls, which I hope to use next season, of 
people with ghosts in their basements, UFO's that have landed in their 
backyards ... but again, with our staff it is hard to check these things 
out of they aren't located locally, so I'm not sure how we're going to 
handle that."
     So does he really believe all this?  "You know, a lot of things I'm 
very skeptical of myself.  Anybody, just for publicity, and claim that 
they've spotted by a UFO, or even been abducted.  And now, the scenarios 
have been reported so well that everyone's saying about the same thing.  
They were taken aboard a UFO, blood samples were taken, then they went home 
and forgot about it, and then they suddenly started to have dreams about 
aliens, went under hypnotic regression and remembered that they had been 
abducted two weeks ago.  So it's hard to separate the real from the phony.  
I am a scientist.  I look at the evidence.  And I have interviewed a number 
of people who claim to have been abducted, and I have been present at a 
hypnotic regression, and everyone seems to be legitimate.  I know some 
psychiatrists who claim that the people really don't want to talk about it.  
They are like mugging victims. They feel that they will be ridiculed, and 
aren't coming out with books, and for them they retain a quotient of 
credibility.  They people I've talked to all sounded sane, and they didn't 
sound like publicity hunters.  So I think that there are some good cases 
out there, and I think that something might be going on.  Or it might just 
be a subconscious memory of a science fiction movie they saw years ago."
     All of this leaves him in an awkward position.  "I've never seen a
UFO.  But if I did see one now, in my position as host of the Scifi
channels greatest show, that I would not be believe and I would have to
decide whether I would even want to report it because it might actually
torpedo my credibility.  So that'd be the dilemma I'd be in.  I couldn't
even report a good sighting if I had one.  I think every UFOlogist, would
like to see and encounter aliens, although I have to say that I would
probably be quite frightened, depending on how non-human they appeared to
be."
     At this point I asked him if he really thought that alien abductions
were on they rise, and if so, why.  I was rewarded with about 20 minutes of
statistics to numerous to go into here, but it boiled down to this:  "I
believe that there is strong evidence for the existence of extraterrestrial
life.  If you look at the statistical evidence, if you look at the
biological evidence, look at the diversification evidence, we are certainly
not alone in this universe.  Given the temperament of the universe and
the fact that it is 20 billion years old, certainly other species have
reached the spacefaring capability.  Some may have dispatched the UFO's in
other directions, and some may have landed here.  Now.  Whether people have
actually seen it or not ... I haven't seen any case that's convinced me
100%.  But as we're talking I wouldn't be surprised if there's an emergency
news flash that a UFO had indeed landed on the White House lawn giving us
concrete proof of the existence of extraterrestrials."
     So why ARE people so interested in UFO's?  "With more movies and more 
books coming out about UFO's, I think that more people are also coming 
forth with cases.  Now some are obviously phonies who are looking for 
publicity.  No doubt about that.  Others legitimately believe that they 
have seen something or been an abductee.  but I think certain shows, like 
sightings, probably beginning with Star Trek, which is so popular, and of 
course now we have Star Trek: The Next Generation, and Star Trek Deep Space 
Nine, and of course the movies, talking about extraterrestrials I think all 
of that tends to increase interest in it, and that brings out both the 
legitimate and the illegitimate cases.  So I don't think that we're 
necessarily having more abductions, but I think that the media is helping 
to bring out more of them.  Although we have had, in the past, years when 
there were UFO waves, such as 1952, but the fact is the media is bringing 
out more of it.  Some people are afraid to speak about their experience 
because of the fact that they thought they would be ridiculed.  I don't 
think there's as much fear today.  But again, undoubtedly phonies.  It's so 
hard to really tell who is telling the truth and who isn't.  You have to 
look at the evidence and judge each case individually."
     For my part, I agree with the people who thought the set should be
brighter.  In some respects it's like a scientific equivalent of Whoopi
Goldberg's now-deceased talk show.  It needs something to jump out at you.
I also think that the show would be vastly improved if they rebuilt the set
-- and the production schedule -- to allow for guests.  That, and more
"location" stories, would bring a bit of variety that the show needs.  Dr.
Ruehl throws out a LOT of information, and you need time to recover.
     When you come right down to it, though, the show is Dr. Franklin Ruehl
and that very information.  Probably the strongest thing he's got going for
him is that he DOESN'T try to convince you of anything.  He presents the
evidence, both for and against, and let's you decide for yourself.
     He has an agenda, and he's quite serious about it.  "We present the
scientific evidence for controversial theories and subjects such as those
from UFOlogy, parapsychology, paleontology and cryptozoology as well as
anything else of an unusual and curious nature, with the basic underlying
idea that it is interesting.  Of course, I can make it interesting because
I believe you can take any subject, no matter what it is, and make it
intriguing for your audience."
     When you come right down to it, he's reading for one thing.  "My goal 
is to make this show the greatest program in the history of
television with a weekly viewership of 1 billion with a target date for
those goals the year 2015 of not sooner, I say, if not sooner."  
     And so, since I promised the good Doctor I'd leave you all with a
little cosmic empowerment, "May the power of the universe be with you!"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!3!--  The Illusion of Falling:  KENNY BATES Makes His Mark On Filmmaking
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       by TJ Goldstein

     My first pro writing job was explaining how the fall at the beginning 
of STAR TREK V: THE FINAL FRONTIER was completely impossible in real life.  
(Actually, it was the sudden stop at the bottom that was my problem, but 
why split hairs?)  My contention was that anyone who fell off El Capitan 
and came to a sudden stop at the bottom would find their insides somewhere 
around their eyeballs, whether they hit the ground or not.  What I found 
out talking to stuntman turned producer Kenny Bates, however, is that it IS 
possible to survive a fall like that.  Sort of.  After all, he's the one 
who did the falling. 
     "Inverted, I've pulled up to 12 g's.  G's can kill you in the right 
conditions, but it's how short of a time you pull those g's and what kind 
of condition your body is in.  I've been in a situation where I've popped 
blood vessels in my eyes, I've cracked teeth, you're face swells up for a 
couple of days ... the reality of it is that you get diarrhea for a couple 
of weeks." 
     "You're born with two basic fears," he explains, "a fear of loud 
noises and a fear of falling.  When you've put yourself in a situation 
where you're falling at 100 miles and hour with no airbag and the loud 
noise is you screaming all the way down, it's like combining those two.  
You're body rejects it.  You have a few nightmares, but you learn to shake 
it." 
     There are some people who might not shake it, though.  They're the 
people who called the ranger station to report that a man had fallen off El 
Capitan. William Shatner, who was not only starring as James Kirk, but was 
also directing, "liked it so much that they actually changed around the 
opening of the picture a little bit to accentuate the shot. So it was very 
gratifying." 
     Bates cheated, of course.  While he DID fall 450 feet off the 
mountain, it certainly wasn't a free-fall experience.  He won the Science 
and Technical Academy Award for the design and development of the 
Decelerator System, which provides two advantages.  First, it allows a 
stuntperson to fall from much higher platforms. 
     "To back up a little," Mr. Bates explains,  "just to give you an idea 
of how this came to be, if you date back into the early days of motion 
picture history, when stuntmen first started doing high falls, they would 
do it into water, or they would put up two sawhorses and put planks between 
the sawhorses, and they would actually jump, say, 15 or 20 feet onto these 
breakaway planks.  These are how high falls basically originated."   As 
falls got higher, stuntmen began to use haystacks, nets, and cardboard 
boxes.  "I've heard of stuntmen falling up to 10 stories, or 100 feet, into 
cardboard boxes.  These boxes were actually set up in a configuration to 
break the fall."   
     Then came the airbag.  "The highest high fall into an airbag is 311 
feet.  That's 31 stories.  Most commonly, though, airbags are used for 
doing falls from, oh, 20 feet up to 150.  The most common falls are between 
20 feet and 80 feet."  While airbags are great and they're still in use 
today, they still leave one problem. 
     Shooting down.  With any of these devices, the director must always 
shoot from the bottom up to avoid filming whatever it is the stuntman is 
going to land on.  What's where the Decelerator's second advantage comes 
in.  Since all you've got is a cable attached to the stuntman's ankle, it 
doesn't matter what direction you film in.  In the film SLIVER, in fact, 
Mr. Bates did a double fall, actually filming from alongside as a woman as 
she fell a building.   
     But that's only part of Mr. Bates' bag of tricks.  "When we did Die 
Hard, I started using a device called a Descender, to do controlled falls.  
In other words, we do a controlled fall from I've been anywhere up to 105 
stories.  The fall is controlled because your descending on a small cable.  
If the film is undercranked, it looks like you're falling."  What Bates has 
done is used his knowledge of physics and film to calibrate the speed of 
the fall versus the degree to which the film must be undercranked.  "In DIE 
HARD, where Alan Rickman dies, falling backwards out of the building, that 
would have been a death defying feat.   Instead we came in and packaged an 
illusion for Joel Silver.  Since then I've done every one of his films."   
He also doubled Bruce Willis when he leapt off the top of the building with 
a firehose. 
     But Bates doesn't just know about this because of all the jumps he 
does.  He is also the head of Alternative Innovations, which routinely 
"packages illusions" for films.  "I think of myself as a filmmaker and not 
as a stuntman.  The Decelerator system is used in that way."  So what does 
that mean?   
     "When I come in to do a picture, I come in for the whole picture.  
I'll come in through my company, and we'll act as either a consultant or as 
a rigging package, and what we'll do is we'll put together, say a dozen 
sequences for a film.  In other words, we shoot a lot of things practical 
instead of process."  That means what instead of using special effects to 
throw somebody off a building, they actually throw somebody off a building.  
"Somebody said my company represents the new Hollywood Houdini," he laughs.  
"We create illusions on film, whether it's moving vertically or 
horizontally like in the film CAPTAIN HOOK or many other films, we create 
looks on film that are very very interesting.  As far as action goes, we 
are the most advanced equipment in the business. 
     There are lots of advantages to using this system as opposed to the 
traditional airbags, even for falls that don't break records.  "Using the 
Decelerator, you can actually free fall until the last 15 or 20 percent of 
the fall. In other words, when you come out of a window, you're in free 
fall and there's no restriction of the camera.  When you can shoot from any 
angle, there's quite a impressive visual look to it.  In the LAST BOY 
SCOUT, I fell about 5 stories and stopped about 3 feet from a spinning 
helicopter blade.  For the movie THE FIRST POWER with Lou Diamond Phillips, 
I leaped 12 stories to my feet with the Decelerator, pulled a quick release 
and took off running.  That was a first.   
     "When we do these things, they've become so advanced that we'll come 
in beforehand and work with different insurance companies to give them 
different specifications on every part of the fall.  We'll give load 
distributions, airflow, acceleration, air flow, how many g's we're pulling.  
We have a dynamometer gauge to calculate how many pounds we're pulling, so 
it's all calibrated as much as possible.  Right now, I'm the only one who's 
using it throughout the world.  So you can see there's a little bit of 
demand for it.  We stay real busy and even though we do the big stunts and 
the big looks, we do little stuff too."
     How big does it get?  "The biggest one was on DEMOLITION MAN where I 
doubled Stallone and jumped 23 stories out of a helicopter and stopped 
about 6 feet before the roof of a building.  Stallone did part of the 
stunt, too.  he put his life in my hands in a dangerous situation that was 
another calibrated situation, and he was very good about everything. 
Together we got a great sequence on film -- probably one of the greatest 
opening action sequences ever on film.  The opening of this picture is 
incredibly visual, and it's probably the most money I've ever seen invested 
in the opening sequence of a film.  It's incredible.  We had a helicopter 
that we flew down from Portland to test with that cost $9,000 an hour.  
We're talking millions of dollars just for the opening sequence of this 
film. I'm going on an on about it because I get excited when I talk about 
it.  As a filmmaker I get excited about the illusions we create on film." 
     So what does the Hollywood establishment think of all this?  "There 
are people who have been in the business for a hundred years, and some of 
them are still using the same flying stage techniques that they used 50, 75 
years ago.  We deal with pneumatics.  To give you an example, we're taking 
a person and we're flying him 100 feet in the air and he's getting up 40, 
50 feet and he's landing on his feet on top of a building somewhere, and 
he's looking around and leaping to the ground again all in one cut.  So 
it's just phenomenal."
     Although the technology is so new, he doesn't have a problem with 
older producers or directors giving him a problem once he's one the set.   
"An old filmmaker is one that isn't current.  When you talk about action 
films, if you don't know something exists, then you're not going to plan on 
using it.  I think it's the people that do more research are the people 
that benefit financially."  The financial advantages are twofold.  For one 
thing, film time is expensive.  Often what Mr. Bates does in 45 minutes 
would take 3 hours to do with traditional methods.  That means that you 
have more time to make a shot or a sequence perfect, which itself can be 
financially rewarding when the film hits the theaters.  "A lot of directors 
want something better than what they put together.  You wouldn't want to 
work on a film with Burt Reynolds or Clint Eastwood, or Bruce Willis, or 
Stallone or any of those guys and not offer them 100 percent because your 
name's on it.  We do all kinds of fims.  I was just associate producer on a 
film that was 9 million dollars and we're getting ready to do one that's 80 
million.  I don't adjust my price for the project, I just basically base my 
fee on what it's worth." 
     The paramount concern when doing a stunt like this, of course, is 
safety.  Often Bates is asked if he treats the celebrities he works with 
differently because of who they are.  "I think it's a lot of responsibility 
whether it's Stallone or anybody that works with me, I mean I still take 
the same precautions in calibrating any of the equipment or preparing them 
safely.  I don't say, well, it's Stallone so we're going to throw two more 
ropes on him.  If I don't feel good about it, then I won't hook it up in 
the first place.  You have to know the limitations.  You can go overboard 
and overboard, you just never want to go underboard.  You want to build in 
a good safety factor so you have a good safety margin.  The Occupational 
Safety and Health Administration uses something like a four to one margin, 
and we try to operate in those parameters or better.  So we have a very 
good track record, and we get a lot of different looks.  Believe it or not, 
it's the people, and Stallone isn't that crazy about working with heights, 
but he's very good about working with people, so he does open up to being 
put in a precarious situation even though he's apprehensive.  He does open 
up to people when they're able to perform and they know their business.  
That's kind of good to know." 
     It sounds almost like  cliche, but what he really wants to do is 
produce.  "My goal is to produce my own film within the next two years.  
I've had a couple of offers and hopefully I can bring something to the 
screen that people will appreciate.  I hope have the talent to give the 
viewer something that is quite entertaining.  I've already done it on other 
people's projects, and I hope I will do it on my own projects, within the 
next year and a half, two years."  
     When you come right down to it, however, death-defying is still his 
stock in trade.  "If I were to count world records I'd probably have 15 or 
20, but I don't count world records.  I create illusions.  I'm not in this 
to be the toughest guy on the block.  I have a better chance getting 
injured driving to and from work then while I'm there." 
     Unfortunately, it does happen, and this spring, it did.  Brandon Lee 
was killed during the filming of THE CROW when a gun that was supposed to 
fire blanks allegedly fired a live round.  So far an investigation has not 
settled the question of what actually happened.  "I was affected by the 
death of Brandon Lee.  I don't know what the outcome will be.  I worked on 
the film but at the time, I wasn't there, so I don't know and I'm sure that 
the research will be done.  Whether it was an accident, or negligence or 
something else, it's a shame that it happened...  I've lost friends in the 
business before.  Dar Robinson was a good friend.  I worked with him for 
about 4 years.  The tough thing about this business is that you DO lose 
friends.  People do die in this business.  It is a business where you can 
get killed.  Not so much as an accident, though it does happen.  You know 
there's a possibility, even if it's only one in 10,000.  You know they're 
going to do 10,000 stunts in a year. " 
     He is currently working on a one hour television special about the 
behind the scenes facts of being a stuntperson. Burt Reynolds will produce 
and host the show, which will air brand new footage.  It won't be like the 
old STUNTMASTERS show, but "it removes the macho mask from the business and 
shows the real mechanics of what happens."  William Shatner, Steven Segal, 
Sylvester Stallone, Bruce Willis, and other stars are scheduled to appear. 
     So what goes through his mind as he's sitting on the top of a mountain 
(or building, or whatever) getting ready to hurtle off into nothingness 
with only a cable between him and the ground?  "Usually I look around and I 
say, I don't want to die here.  Then I think why am I saying that?  I don't 
want to die anywhere!  Once I get in the air, I'm too busy thinking about 
what I'm doing and my movement and making sure I look the way I should look 
or turning the way I should turn that I never think of that.  It doesn't 
even come into my mind.  All of my anxiety is before the stunt. 
     "I want to leave my mark on this earth, and not on the pavement."  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!4!--  PETER CUSHING And The Mystery Of The Missing Films:  Trying 
                                 To Write A Book About The Master Of Horror
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                       by TJ Goldstein

     One of the nice things about this job is talking to people who take 
those things many of us only dream about, and do them.  Take Deborah Del 
Vecchio, for instance.  For years, she headed the Peter Cushing fan club 
here in America.  Lots of people do stuff like that, right?  Many of them 
think of writing a book about their heroes, but most of them never do.  
"I've always aspired to be a professional writer," Debbie told me in a 
phone interview earlier this year.  "Tom [Johnson] and I had thought about 
doing this book on Peter, but we had other things.  We both had full time 
jobs, he got married, I got married, and we just never got around to it.  
Finally it got to the point where we said, well, nobody else is doing this, 
and we know so much about him, we said, well, why don't we give it a try.  
So we contacted MacFarlane, and they were interested, and that's how it 
came to be.  It's as simple as that, really.  We were very lucky.  They 
were the first publisher we had written to."
     Tom laughs at the simplicity of her explanation. "It sounds a lot 
easier than it was."  In fact, they sent a traditional proposal, complete 
with sample chapters, to MacFarlane.  The end result was PETER CUSHING:  
THE GENTLE MAN OF HORROR AND HIS 91 FILMS.  Almost immediately afterward, 
Debbie sold her first article to a professional publication -- a piece on 
Peter Cushing for STARLOG.
     It certainly wasn't her first experience with writing, however.  While 
running the fan club, she also published a journal detailing Mr. Cushing's 
activities and films.  In late 1972 she wrote to him about starting an 
American Club in the United States.  There was already an organization in 
Canada, but she didn't feel that she would be competing with it.  As it 
was, the club was a rousing success, drawing members from all over the 
world, including lots of people who either were in or went on to be in the 
movie industry.  Tony Temponi, editor of FANGORIA, was a member, as was 
Forry Ackerman.  In 1975, Ackerman invited Mr. Cushing to be the Guest of 
Honor at a convention in New York City.  8000 people attended, and that was 
just on the first day.  Fifty of the 400 worldwide members showed up -- on 
two weeks notice.  They were certainly rewarded for the trip, as they had 
dinner with the man who had brought them together.
     Debbie and Tom had first met him, actually, in 1973 during the looping 
(sound re-recording) for BEYOND THE GRAVE.  A small group from the club 
were going to England and were invited to have lunch with him, Max 
Rosenberg, the director, and Roy Wood Baker.  "You're always worried.  You 
think, 'I've corresponded with this individual over the years, I've seen 
his films, and here I'm going to meet him in person. It's either going to 
be the best ever or it's going to be a disaster.' There's no in-between."
     So how did it go?  What kind of person is he?  "I tell you, this man 
felt like family.  It was like I knew him all my life.  It's his charm, his 
personality, the fact that he's just such a down to earth person.  He's 
very modest.  He'd rather talk to you about you than talk about himself.  A 
lot of actors, if you're not talking about them, they tune out.  It wasn't 
that way with Peter at all. He'd look over and he'd say, 'Finish your 
dinner.  Are you sure you have enough?  Can I get you anything?'  This man 
was just like a dad.  He had all his kids around the table and he was 
making sure that everybody eats, and that they get what they want, and it 
was just astounding.  This man was just so accommodating and so gracious.
     Barb Liltz, a member of the club and talented artist -- "She can never 
be too successful as far as I'm concerned" -- did an oil painting of Mr. 
Cushing in TALES FROM THE CRYPT, and they presented it to him that day.  "I 
remember that he sat there and he was astounded.  He was without words, 
because he's an artist himself.  He was praising her work and he was just 
so touched by this."
     Tom cuts in.  "You got the impression that he would have been very 
impressed had it been a stick figure drawn with crayons."
       Debbie disagrees.  "He was impressed with her artwork from the 
covers she did for the journals, and this was even better.  And he was 
touched that we thought enough to give it to him."  She's got proof to back 
it up.  "When he did his next film, he brought the painting on the set and 
had the stills photographer take pictures of himself, and Freddy Francis, 
and the portrait, and he sent a copy to us.  I think that it was nice that 
even that far down the line he was still touched by it."
     And so, deciding that nobody else was going to write the book that 
they wanted to read, they decided to write it themselves.  There was just 
one problem with writing a book with every one of Peter Cushing's films:  
"Some of the ones that he made in the United States in the early 1940's," 
Tom explains, "have literally vanished.  There were a also few from the 
early '60's, like CONE OF SILENCE, that were low budget but were not horror 
movies.  A low budget horror movie develops a life of it's own.  It's 
always available somewhere.  But some of the straight dramatic films he 
made ..."
     "For example," Debbie explains, "BLACKJACK was nowhere to be found.  
That's a film that he did in Spain. He did it around the same time he did 
MYSTERY ON MONSTER ISLAND.  MMI was released.  It was a fantasy/mystery 
kind of film.  But BLACKJACK completely disappeared.  We've only recently 
learned that it was released on video in Germany.  But prior to that we had 
searched high and low, contacting the Spanish Embassy, archival museums 
over there, nothing.  And here it was available on video in Germany.  
BATTLEFLAG was another one. That was never released but it was shown on 
German television.  HITLER'S SON disappeared completely.  TOUCH OF THE SUN, 
which he made in Zambia, Africa -- nobody's ever seen it.  It's vanished.  
It's gone.  The others were released.  SWORD OF THE VALIANT, TOP SECRET," 
which stars a very young Val Kilmer, "and of course BIGGLES came out on 
video and cable, but these films didn't have any wide release, or in some 
cases no release at all.  It goes to show you what can happen. You think, 
well, because it was made in the '40;s, there's just no interest in it.  
But there's these films that were made in the '80's that no-one's ever 
seen!"
     Tom is optimistic.  "We have scant hope that some of these from the 
early forties will show up on [the cable station] American Movie Classics" 
Trouble is they don't always know what to look for.  "He did a movie called 
THE HOWARDS OF VIRGINIA, where he has a very small part in a scene with 
Cary Grant and Richard Carlson, and Peter Cushing never even listed this on 
his film list because he'd apparently forgotten about it.  There's really 
no reason why he would have remembered it.  I guess he began compiling a 
list of his movies in the early 1960's, and this had just slipped his mind, 
yet he's in it, plain as day.  Debbie and I were just saying today that we 
live in horror that someone's going to find another one like that that he 
did, where he just walks across the street, and that's always possible. You 
never know.  He could have made 2 or 3 other movies in the 1940's that he's 
forgotten about.
     The trouble is, we're not talking about large time commitments.  
"Well, something like this, it was only a one day kind of thing, where 
somebody says, 'OK, we need a British actor, for this role, and he was 
there and said, 'OK, I'll do it.'  He comes on screen and presents himself, 
and that's it.  It's a one day shoot, and he would have written that off as 
a walk on.  He was even surprised that we found it."  Plus, it gets even 
more complicated.  "He didn't even recognize it as THE HOWARDS OF VIRGINIA.  
He finally recognized it under it's British title, TREE OF LIBERTY.  It was 
a shock to him to see it."
     So, given that some of the films were not available, where did they 
get the detailed information, not only as to plot, but cast and crew?  
"There's a magazine called SCREEN INTERNATIONAL that was published in 
England, and we found production information and synopses from trade 
screenings."
     Much of the later information, however, came from Mr. Cushing himself.  
"When I ran Peter's club, he used to send me the publicity kits and photos 
from the studios, so I had a lot of this stuff to begin with.  He was able 
to get me production information, background on the cast and the crew, that 
kind of thing, everything you would normally get in a press kit.  Peter was 
very good about it.  He used to send me everything. I have quite a 
collection, so I was really ahead of the game because I had all this stuff, 
plus the information that Tom and I had collected really helped us.  We 
still made trips in to Lincoln Center and other libraries to get as much 
information as we could.
     For the film BLOODSUCKERS, there were lawsuits, internal feuds, "It 
would probably have been better off it they had let it die.  It's awful.  
It's available on video," but they don't recommend it.
     "The startling thing about a movie even that terrible, and it IS 
terrible," Tom says, "is that I swear to G-d he's great in it.  He's only 
in it for about five minutes, but it's like he was doing Shakespeare.  It's 
like it was an Academy Award nominated film that would have a royal 
premier.  He just doesn't play down to the audience even in a lousy movie 
like that, and that's one of the reasons he has as many fans as he does.
       "Actually, I take it back.  I DO recommend that everybody see it, 
just as an example of what a talented actor who actually has some standards 
of what he will consider a performance can do even with a piece of garbage 
like that.  In fact, I think if I wanted to explain Peter Cushing to 
somebody, I'd ask them to watch that instead of one of his good movies.  
Anyone can look good in a good movie.  It takes a real pro to look good in 
a piece of dirt like this one."
     So what does Mr. Cushing think of modern horror films, which, more 
often than not, are gorefests?  Debbie explains.  "He's very disturbed by 
it.  He always felt that his films were pure fantasy.  You went into the 
theater and you had a good fright and then you went home and went about 
their business.  Nowadays, he says, they show everything on the screen and 
there's nothing but blood and gore, and he's just horrified by it because 
he says there's just nothing left to the imagination."
     Tom continues.  "You get the feeling that he doesn't want people to 
associate him with that kind of film.  He made horror films, yes, but he 
doesn't want people to think that he made slasher type of films.  That 
would be very embarrassing for people to lump him in with that kind of 
thing.  His films were adult fairy tales, but most of them had some sort of 
literature base."
     And what about the film that younger readers might remember him for? 
Debbie remembers,  "I'm thinking back to 1976 when nobody had even heard of 
George Lucas.  I got a letter from Peter telling me that he was making a 
film with George Lucas called 'The Star Wars'.  And he mentioned something 
else about it and I'm thinking 'oh my G-d what is this?'"
     "Bad career move," Tom adds.
     "Yes, I'm thinking WHAT is he doing?  Nobody knew anything at that 
point.  It was all secret, all hush hush, closed sets and all that, so not 
much news was getting out.  I remember going to the theater thinking 'well, 
Peter Cushing is in it, I'm going to see it.'  I went on opening day and by 
the first 10 minutes, I was cheering.  It was monumental.  At the time, it 
was a phenomenon.  2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY was an experience in itself but 
this was just miles, generations beyond that. I just did not believe what I 
was seeing on the screen and I was SO GLAD that Peter Cushing was in it!  I 
did a complete turn around.
     While he was thrilled to be seen by a whole new generation of fans, 
"he was very upset that they blew him up at the end because then he 
couldn't be in the sequels.  Originally he was offered the part of Obi Wan 
Kenobi, which eventually went to Sir Alec Guinness.  Then, when George 
Lucas met the two of them, he decided to reverse their roles. I always 
worried about that because I wondered what it was that George Lucas saw in 
Peter Cushing that I didn't see that meant he should play a villain.  The 
man is so far removed from a villain that it's laughable, but he accepted 
the role because he figured, well, this is the director, and I should do 
what he says.  That's the way he is.  You don't argue with the director. So 
he took it, but he was very upset because he never got a chance to be in 
any of the other movies, which he would have been if he had been Kenobi. 
He's always hopeful that they'll do that prequel, but the man is 79 years 
old. He'd certainly do it, but there's only so much you can do with makeup 
nowadays.  Peter, it's going to be rough."
     In the meantime ...  "Hyberion films, which had done GHOUL and LEGEND 
OF THE WEREWOLF, they went out of business as far as motion pictures were 
concerned, but they have been involved in some television work.  They're 
trying to get this project made.  It will be shown in England, and 
hopefully will be picked up here, called the HERITAGE OF HORROR.  Peter 
says it's his gift to all his fans, and he's looking forward to doing it.  
Basically Peter is an actor who used to do things like King Lear, and of 
course nobody wants that anymore, and he tries to convince them otherwise.  
It's all top secret, so he won't tell me anything about it.  I keep trying 
to get information out of him, but no luck.  I don't know whether it's a 
matter of luck, or what, but I guess he wants me to be surprised."
     In the end, no matter how the book sells, it was certainly a success 
in one respect.  Tom's friend Mark Miller is doing a book on Cushing 
Christopher Lee films, and  he met with Peter Cushing in England in 
November.  "He goes to a little restaurant almost every day and that's 
where Mark met him, and he was taking the book in with him to show the 
regulars. He was saying how proud he was and how pleased he was with the 
book.  That was the only review we were interested in, and that's the one 
we got."
     Once that book was finished, they contracted with MacFarlane to do a 
similar book about the company that made many of the films for which Peter 
Cushing is best known:  Hammer.  "Watching early Hammer films is hard 
because they mad a lot of NON horror, and the monsters just aren't showing 
up.  You've got to look at it in a different way."  Examples of non-horror 
Hammer films are the Lyons family films such as LIFE WITH THE LYONS and THE 
LYONS IN PARIS.  In England they were apparently the "ideal" family, the 
way Americans refer to Ozzie and Harriet.
     The book will be out somewhere around July 1995, but they are looking 
for a catch subtitle to follow "HAMMER FILMS INC:".  "And then, of course, 
it will be up to MacFarlane.  We didn't originally choose the subtitle to 
the Cushing book.  They chose that. There was some gnashing of teeth about 
it, because to me it sounded a little silly -- 'Gentleman of Horror and his 
91 films.'  They'll find that out when they open the book, that he made 91 
films."
     I suggested that perhaps the company thought people might think he was 
a deranged killer who murdered stuffed animals or something.
     Tom says that he hadn't considered that people might not know what the 
book is about.  "Unless they're like five year olds, is there anyone out 
there who doesn't know who Peter Cushing is?"
     Actually, among younger fans, I've met many.
       "Well, I have a suggestion."  Tom says.  "There's this great book 
that will explain it to them.  All 91 films are included ... "  

[PETER CUSHING:  THE GENTLE MAN OF HORROR AND HIS 91 FILMS is avaliable 
from MacFarlane Publishing, PO Box 611, Jefferson, NC, 28640, USA.] 

HOW YOU CAN HELP:  The following Hammer Films are "missing."  They cannot 
be located, either in film or video form.  Since our readers are the sort 
to have collections that are not only off-beat but extensive, we thought 
we'd run the missing titles by you.  If you have, or know where the authors 
can find, any copy of any of these films, please contact Deborah Del 
Vecchio, 115 Prospect Ave., Westwood, NJ, 07675 USA; (201) 664-5889.  Let 
her know you saw the list in CV.  US titles for the British films are 
listed in parentheses.  

1935:  The Public Life of Henry the Ninth 
1937:  Sporting Love 
1948:  River Patrol, Who Killed Van Loon? 
1949:  Dr. Morelle -- The Case of the Missing Heiress, Celia, The
       Adventures of P.C. 49 1950:  The Man in Black, Meet Simon Cherry 
1950:  What the Butler Saw, Dick Barton at Bay, The Lady Craved Excitement,
       The Rossiter Case, To Have and To Hold 
1951:  The Dark Light, The Black Widow, A Case For P.C. 49 
1952:  Death of an Angel, Whispering Smith Hits London (Whispering Smith
       vs. Scotland Yard), Never Look Back, Wings of Danger
       (Dead on Course), Mantrap (Man in Hiding) 
1953:  The Gambler and the Lady, The Saint's Return (The Saint's Girl
       Friday) 1954:  Life With the Lyons, Mask of Dust (A Race for Life) 
1955:  The Lyons in Paris (The Lyons Abroad), Third Party Risk (Deadly
       Game)(TV title was Big Deadly Game), Murder by Proxy
       (Blackout), The Glass Cage (The Glass Tomb) 
1958:  Up the Creek, Ten Seconds to Hell, Further up the Creek 
1959:  I Only Arsked, The Ugly Duckling, Don't Panic Chaps 
1960:  Never Take Sweets From a Stranger 
1961:  Visa to Canton (Passport to China), Weekend With Lulu, Watch it
       Sailor!   
1962:  Nightmare 
1964:  The Brigand of Kandahar 
1968:  The Lost Continent 
1969:  Moon Zero Two, Crescendo 
1971:  On the Buses 
1972:  Mutiny on the Buses 
1973:  That's Your Funeral, Love Thy Neighbor, Nearest and Dearest 
1974:  Man at the Top, Holiday on the Buses 
1975:  Man About the House  
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!5!--  Guesting for the Old Comics Curmudgeon -- Asserting Your 
                                                               Independents
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
                           by Mike Hill

     I remember the day I became a comic collector.  It was the summer of 
1975 and I was thirteen years old.  I went to the local candy store and 
looked through the rack of comic books.
     I found a book called THE INVADERS #1.  It was a comic book from 
Marvel about the World War II adventures of Captain America, Sub-mariner, 
and the Human Torch.  I took it home and read it cover to cover at least 
ten times.  I was hooked!  I eagerly awaited each issue as it came out (and 
at that time it was a bi-monthly book -- ouch!)  As new series came into 
print I would pick up the first issue.  Some books I would continue to 
collect and others I would not.  After all, I only had my weekly allowance 
with which to finance my hobby.
     My teens turned into my twenties.  I joined the work force and with a 
regular pay check my collection grew.  
     In 1984, Marvel Comics published "Secret Wars" and DC Comics 
answered it with "Crisis On Infinite Earth."  "Wow!" I thought, "what a 
great idea!  The comic companies would each bring all of their major 
characters together in one book to fight a common foe all in a twelve issue 
mini-series.  
     Then in 1985 Marvel published "Secret Wars II."  I thought, "Okay, it 
was fun the first time around.  Let's do it again."  But at the completion 
of this mini-series the story was not resolved, and instead Marvel 
continued the story throughout all of its titles.  DC did the same thing 
with its comic books.
     "Wait a minute!" I thought.  "In order to keep up with one story I 
must collect a bunch of titles I did not normally collect."  Then, like 
Wile E. Coyote, my eyes slowly shifted upwards to see a giant boulder 
falling down towards me.  The great rock hit me with a ton of grim reality.  
"They don't care about entertaining me!  All they care about is getting 
more of my money!"  Don't get me wrong.  I know that comic books are a 
business and that the object of any business is to make money, and 
hopefully lots of it.  But I feel a company should make its money due to 
the fact that it produces quality products that you can pick and choose 
from.  Quality = Demand = Money.  I felt that these comic book companies 
were holding a gun to my head and saying, "If you want to keep up with the 
story you must buy ALL of our books.  Continuity was being held for ransom 
and at a high price -- a price I refused to pay.
     I quit!  it wasn't easy.  I felt like I was casting away a part of my 
childhood.  I packed all of my comic books in white Defence boxes and 
stored them away in my parents' attic.  My twenties became my thirties.  I 
would visit the comic shops once in a while, but only to purchase other 
items of interest (role playing games, posters, tee-shirts, etc. ...)
     One day last year I was in a comic shop and as I passed the comic book 
section I thought my blinders were firmly in place.  But one cover caught 
my eye.  It was titled SPAWN, from a company called Image.  Curiosity 
forced my hand.  I reached for the book and a small voice in back of my 
head said "NO!!!"  I flipped through the pages sampling the art work.  
"NO!" warned the voice.  "Remember!" it said.  "Remember."  "But it's only 
$1.95" I said, and I walked up to the counter.  I asked the sales clerk,  
"what's this?"   She said it was a new company started by some guys who 
used to work for Marvel and they had another book out called YOUNGBLOOD.  I 
read these comic books and I was hooked all over again.  I started 
collecting again, primarily Image, Topps, Innovation, Harris, and other 
small independents.  
     I feel that I am receiving quality for my money and continuity is just 
standard equipment included in the cover price.  And I'll tell you, it's 
good to be back!
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!6!--  Reviews by EVELYN C. LEEPER
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

                      THE DESTINY MAKERS by George Turner
                       A book review by Evelyn C. Leeper
                        
     This story, like many others by Turner, is set in a future, pre-
holocaust Australia.  There's been no bang, but the world seems to be going
through one long drawn-out whimper.  Politicians spend time trying to 
figure out how to stretch Earth's resources over an ever-growing 
population.  There are technical advances, but on the whole Turner paints 
an Australia of not-quite-enough for everyone--except of course the upper 
class.  Shortages and substitutes are the order of the day.  Only the 
veneer of equality, of "we're all in this together" spirit keeps the lid 
on.
     But in Australia the government has even more problems--or at least 
the prime minister does.  Having illegally rejuvenated his father (in a 
world bursting at the seams, extending lifetimes is not considered a good 
idea), he then discovers that his daughter is illegally pregnant.  
(Everything, it seems, is controlled.  But everything has to be to keep the 
world together.) Harry Ostrow, a policeman of the lower-middle class, finds 
himself called upon not only to protect these high-level politicians, but 
to extricate them--and perhaps the world-- from the mess they've gotten 
into.
     The background of THE DESTINY MAKERS is well thought-out and 
developed, but the story itself is somewhat weak, and the resolution for 
some of the plot threads contrived and rushed.  The main idea of the end 
might have made a good novel in itself, but here it's wasted as almost a 
throwaway.  It could be that Turner will take this idea and expand it in a 
future novel (as he expanded "In the Nursery" to BRAIN CHILD.)  But as it 
is, I can recommend THE DESTINY MAKERS only for its description of a seedy, 
run-down future facing the abyss. 
     (It is unlikely that a sequel will appear soon, since it is reported
that George Turner has been hospitalized following a stroke.)

%T   The Destiny Makers               %I   AvoNova
%A   George Turner                    %O   hardback, US$20.
%C   New York                         %G   ISBN 0-688-12187-X
%D   February 1993                    %P   321pp


                        HARVEST by Robert Charles Wilson
                       A book review by Evelyn C. Leeper
                        
     What if aliens offered us the chance to live forever--if the only 
price we had to pay was to give up being human?  That is the premise of 
Robert Charles Wilson's latest book, HARVEST. 
     As might be expected from the premise, HARVEST is more a study in 
characters than an action story, though there is a very impressive storm 
sequence.  Wilson looks at the world through the eyes of those few who 
chose to remain human.  And they are a motley crew--a doctor, a 
fundamentalist Christian, a car salesman, a politician, two teenagers, a 
farmer's wife, an Army colonel, a retired worker.  They have little in 
common--except their decision.  What makes some choose one way and some 
another is one of the main questions of the book, but Wilson never 
satisfactorily answers it, and indeed, towards the end HARVEST becomes very 
much like an update EARTH ABIDES, as the remaining humans cope with lack of 
electricity, the search for food, and so on. Wilson also makes a few flubs. 
He says that on election night, "a long Republican ascendancy over the 
White House had come to an end," obviously expecting Bush to win in 1992.  
(Internal evidence says the story takes place in 1996.)  He also seems to 
think Lima is in a time zone between Los Angeles and Anchorage, while it is 
actually in the same time zone as New York. 
     In spite of these minor quibbles, however, I would still recommend 
HARVEST.  Wilson at least touches on the nature of humanity, and his 
characters and their reactions to the situation and to each other may give 
us some clues, if not to *the* answer, at least to *an* answer. 

%T        Harvest                    %I        Bantam Spectra
%A        Robert Charles Wilson      %O        trade paperback, US$12.
%C        New York                   %G        ISBN 0-553-37110-X
%D        January 1993               %P        394pp

----------  Copyright 1993  Evelyn C. Leeper
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!7!--  SF Calendar: What's Coming Up in the Near Future 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The BOOKLIST ..........

As you can see, the list of upcoming books is beginning to grow.  If you 
have a favorite small press that you'd like us to keep track of, drop us a 
note with the company's name and address and we'll see what we can do.

AUGUST:
     DEL REY:  THE SHINING ONES (2nd book of _The Tamuli_) - David Eddings, 
STORM RUNNER (3rd book of _Wolfwalker_) - Tara K. Harper, THE WIZARD'S 
SHADOW - Susan Dexter, TIME, LIKE AND EVER ROLLING STREAM (Sequel to THE 
RAGGED WORLD) - Judith Moffett, THE BIRTH OF THE BLADE - Dennis McCarty, 
STAR TREK LOG 7/LOG 8/LOG 9 - Alan Dean Foster
     TOR:  HARVEST OF STARS - Poul Anderson, LETTERS TO JENNY - Piers 
Anthony, IN THE CUBE - David Alexander Smith, RING OF SWORDS - Eleanor 
Arnason, ALIEN BOOTLEGGER AND OTHER STORIES - Rebecca Ore, FLYING IN PLACE 
- Susan Palwick, THE TOWERS OF THE SUNSET (prequel to THE MAGIC OF 
RECLUCE)- L.E. Modesitt Jr., ALIEN PLOT - Piers Anthony, BLACK UNICORN - 
Tanith Lee, CONAN THE SAVAGE - Leonard Carpenter
     ORB:  THE FALLING WOMAN - Pat Murphy
------------
SEPTEMBER:
     DEL REY:  THE FAR KINGDOMS - Allan Cole and Chris Bunch, THE OATHBOUND 
WIZARD (sequel to HER MAJESTY'S WIZARD) - Christopher Stasheff, MUDDLE 
EARTH - John Brunner, THE LOSERS - David Eddings, DEL REY DISCOVERY:  THE 
RISING OF THE MOON - Flynn Connolly
------------
OCTOBER:
     DEL REY:  THE STRICKEN FIELD (book three of _A Handful of Men_) - Dave 
Duncan, UPLAND OUTLAWS (book two of _A Handful of Men_) - THE GUNS OF THE 
SOUTH - Harry Turtledove, THE EARTH SAVER (sequel to CHILDREN OF THE EARTH) 
- Catherine Wells, MORNINGSTAR - David Gemmell
     DAW: WHEN TRUE NIGHT FALLS - CS Friedman, 
     TOR: THE SHADOW RISING - Robert Jordan, THE FIRES OF HEAVEN - Robert 
Jordan
------------
NOVEMBER:
     PEGUNIN/ROC:  SHROUD OF SHADOW - Baudino Gael
     BANTAM/SPECTRA: GROWING UP WEIGHTLESS - John Ford
------------
DECEMBER:
     POCKET:  STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: DARK MIRROR - Diane Duane


Upcoming MOVIES ..........

This is not really the "Upcoming Movies" list that Bryan D. Jones 
(bdj@engr.uark.edu) puts out over Usenet every week or so.  It's actually a 
pared down version that he was kind enough to let us print.  We thank him 
and remind you that if you have any updates or corrections, please send 
them on to him.  (Especially if you have access to the National Association 
of Theater Owners listings ...)

All dates are US wide release dates.   -Bryan D. Jones (bdj@engr.uark.edu)  

Aug 13: Jason Goes to Hell: The Final Friday(was Friday the 13th Part IX),
        Johnny Zombie, Needful Things, The Secret Garden 
Aug 20: The Crow
Aug   : Warlock II: The Armageddon 
Summer: Body Snatchers, Deep Blues, Delta Heat, The Giving, Nemesis, 
        Starfire, Carnosaur, Enchanted Forest, The Speed Racer Movie Show
Sep 10: Ghost in the Machine
Sep 17: Fortress
Sep 20: Surf Ninjas
Sep 24: Deadfall
Oct  1: Blink, Wilder Napalm
Nov  5: Flesh & Bone, The Nightmare Before Christmas
Nov 19: Addams Family Values
Nov 24: Annie and the Castle of Terror
Nov   : RoboCop 3
Fall  : The Fantastic Four
Dec 10: Sister Act II, Tombstone
Dec 17: Intersection
Dec 22: Schindler's List
Dec 25: Batman: The Animated Movie, Frankenstein, The House of the Spirits, 
        Sgt. Rock
1994  : Crusade, Clear and Present Danger, Ed Wood, Interview with a 
        Vampire, The Lawnmowerman 2, The Mask, Sinbad Tales, Tremors II
Spring: The Lion King (animated, was King of the Jungle),The Muppet 
        Treasure Island
Summer: Aliens vs. Predator: The Hunt,Cartooned, The Flintstones, Spiderman
Decemb: Godzilla (American)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!8!--  All The News That's Fit To Transmit
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

...........

Books, Stories, and SF Literature in General .....
...........


According to TERRY PRATCHETT, the people putting out THE DISCWORLD 
COMPANION will be publishing a map of Ankh-Morpork in November, all from 
the descriptions in the books.  The first three DISCWORLD books will be out 
on audio on November 4, and the TRUCKERS trilogy on September 23.  (Dates 
are for the UK.  Look for them in Australia, Canada and New Zealand, but he 
says in a Usenet post that although South Africa will get them "in the 
fullness of time," but he doesn't expect for us to see them in the United 
States or in languages other than English.  They will be read by TONY 
ROBINSON, of BLACKADDER fame.  (Sod off, Baldric!)

DAVID BRIN is reportedly working on another Uplift novel.  He is also 
working on a graphic novel version of THE VANILLA NEEDLE,             

The world really is moving towards electronic publishing.  This year 
Clarinet is offering an electronic version of the Hugo and Nebua nominees, 
along with lots of extra stuff.  What kind of stuff?  Well, for one thing, 
how about nomineee A FIRE UPON THE DEEP, with 500K of hypertext provided by 
VERNOR VINGE himself?  They are also providing the nominated artwork in 
machine readable form.  The collection comes in a disk, CD-ROM or network 
version, and costs $11.95 to $29.95, depending on how much stuff you want 
on it.  For more information, send mail to net-sf@clarinet.com.  For those 
not on the net, you can connect to sf.clarinet.com by dialing 408-296-3733 
by a modem.  Log in as "sf", then select "o" for order at the menu prompt.  
You'll run an interactive order script.

VISIONS OF MARS:  Science fiction is riddled with stories of colonists 
finding messages from the past.  Now real life is going to imitate art, as 
the Planetary Society and the Russian Space Research Institute prepare to 
put together a CD-ROM containing thousands of pages of fiction about the 
planet Mars.  The discs, called Visions of Mars, will be placed in special 
landers and sent with the Mars 94 mission to the Red Planet next year.  In 
addition to Mars-related fiction from various languages and cultures, the 
disc will also contain a portion of the 1938 ORSON WELLES WAR OF THE WORLDS 
broadcast, artwork depicting our conception of Mars in various eras, an 
audio recording of reactions to the landing of Viking I on Mars from the 
likes of GENE RODDENBERRY and ROBERT HEINLEIN, and brief messages to the 
future from such notables as ARTHUR C. CLARKE.  The disc, which will be 
designed and produced by Time Warner Interactive Group, will sport an 
instruction label in English, Finnish, French, German and Russian, the 
languages of the Mars 94 mission.  Facsimiles, capably of running on MS-DOS 
or Macintosh machines, will be available in bookstores.

ENDINGS:  With great sadness, Del Rey Books announces the passing of LESTER 
DEL REY, author of approximately 50 books and founder (with wife JUDY-LYNN 
BENJAMIN DEL REY) of Del Rey Books.  According to his wishes, there was no 
memorial service or public funeral following his death on May 10 after a 
week of hospitalization for serious heart problems.  Mr. Del Rey was 
responsible for discovering many of today's best selling science fiction 
and fantasy authors. .. Cartoonist VINCENT T. HAMLIN, creator of the ALLEY 
OOP comic strip, has passed away.  No word on the cause of death, but he 
was 93 years old. ... AVRAM DAVIDSON, former teacher and editor of THE 
MAGAZINE OF FANTASY AND SCIENCE FICTION, and author of the Hugo award winning 
story "Or All The Seas With Oysters," several anthologies and 25 novels, 
including, most recently, the Owlswick Press novel ADVENTURES IN UNHISTORY, 
died May 8th at the age of 70.  Although he suffered a series of strokes 
seven years ago, he continued to write from his wheelchair with one hand on 
his typewriter.  He is best remembered for his VERGIL MAGUS stories.

...........

SF and Fantasy Movie News ....
...........

     Composer JOHN WILLIAMS, who wrote the score for seven of the top ten 
money making films of all time, has retired from his position as conductor 
of the Boston Pops.  I was lucky enough to attend his final regular season 
performance, and here's what I have to say about it.  Please forgive me for 
a little sentimentality, but I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this 
way.
     First of all, for 13 years I have been saying that "someday" I would 
get out to Boston to see him conduct.  I have been mesmerised by his work 
from the first time I conned my parents into letting me see STAR WARS, and 
so, for his final concert, I took a train 600 miles to do just that.  
     It was worth it.  Definitely.
     There were 3 sets, and while the first two were exquisite classical 
pieces, the final set was the theme from Superman, then Jurassic Park, then 
Jaws, and finally The Imperial Death March, Princess Leia's Theme, and the 
music from the ceremony and ending credits from STAR WARS.  I tell you, to 
be right THERE (front row center, no less -- I could read the viola's 
music!) and hear it performed live knowing that it is EXACTLY what he had 
in mind -- no arranger intruding here -- was something out of a dream.  And 
to see him conduct ... the man was a blur.  He really put everything he had 
into that performance.  When it was over he looked like he was practically 
in tears.
     He received at least three standing ovations:  When the last piece 
from SW was over, after his first encore (Varsity Rag and Satin Doll (or 
was it String of Pearls -- I told you it was a dream)), and after the 
finale, the traditional Stars and Stripes Forever.
     The last standing ovation was something like SIX curtain calls and 10 
minutes long.  The only reason we stopped was because he finally came out 
and, awash with emotion, pointed at his watch as if to say, "Come on, 
everyone, it's late.  Go home."  He had no mike and did not speak to the 
audience, but mouthed the words "Thank you" more times than I can remember.
     This man wrote the soundtrack to my adolescence.  All I could think of
was, "No, thank YOU."

-!-

WILLIAM GIBSON is coming to the big screen.  Rumors are that ABEL FERRARA 
will be directing a film version of Gibson's short story "New Rose 
Sentinel" and that VAL KILMER (WILLOW) will be starring as JOHNNY MNEMONIC, 
with JANE MARCH and ICE-T filling out that cast.

SPIDERMAN is going to be busy this year.  Rumors are flying about an 
ANIMATED TV show by the same people who are doing the X-Men.  This is in 
addition to the live action version, which will be written by NEIL 
RUTTNEBURG and JAMES CAMERON for Carolco.  Cameron will also direct.  

And according to rumors ... THE MANGLER, based on the STEVEN KING short 
story, will be directed by TOBE HOOPER.  King will also have a cameo in THE 
STAND, as will TOM SAVINI, SAM RAIMI, and MICK and CYNTHIA GARRIS ... WES 
CRAVEN will be making NIGHTMARE ON ELM STREET 7 ... HELLRAISER IV will 
start shooting any time now, and HELLRAISER III is out on video in both an 
R and an NC17 version ... the same fate will likely befall JASON GOES TO 
HELL: THE FINAL FRIDAY, which has been trimmed for the R rating.

Production is wrapping for the last time at Elstree Studios in 
Hertfordshire, north of London, England.  While many classic films were 
filmed at the historic studio, genre fans will probably be more moved by 
the fact that it was the site where sequences were filmed for the STAR WARS 
films, the INDIANA JONES films, the SUPERMAN films ... well, you get the 
idea.  STEVEN SPEILBERG has described the studio as "a home away from 
home."  In the past three years, the slowdown ofthe British film industry 
has led to more than half of the 28 acres being sold to a supermarket chain 
for $42 million.  The Brent Walker Group, which owns the studio, has been 
subsidizing the studio hoping that a buyer would take it over with the 
intent of continuing its use as a film studio, but it was not to be.  The 
Save Our Studios Campaign vows to continue the fight.

Thought you were safe from a Batman movie this year?  Wrong.  Christmas Day 
will see the release of BATMAN: THE ANIMATED MOVIE.  In addition to the 
Joker (the be voiced by MARK HAMMILL, who also does the voice in the TV 
show), there will be new characters, including a villain called Phantasm.

The animated film ASTROCOPS: PEACEKEEPERS OF THE FUTURE will feature the 
voices of JAMIE FARR, EDDIE ALBERT, and JAMES WHITMORE.  It's written by 
GENE AYRAS.

GEORGE ROMERO will direct THE BLACK MARIAH, about a man running away from a 
curse.  The film, which is scheduled to begin production this fall, is from 
New Line Cinema, and is based on an as yet unpublished novel by JAY 
BONANSINGA.

Then there's MANDROID, a film shot completely in Romania, about a killer 
indestructible robot.  No word on what language it's in, but it will be 
released on video August 11th by Paramount Home Video. 

HIDEAWAY, based on DEAN R. KOONTZ'S novel about two very different men 
returned from the dead, will be directed by BRETT LEONARD (LAWNMOWER MAN).  
TriStar purchased the rights in 1991, and are hoping that NEAL JIMENEZ can 
come up with a suitable script.  Preproduction will start this fall.

JAMES CAMERON and ARNOLD SCHWARTZNEGGER, the team that helped to bring you 
TERMINATOR and T2, will be reuniting for TRUE LIES, an action comedy.

Londoners can now enjoy food and films at their very own PLANET HOLLYWOOD, 
owned by SCHWARTZNEGGER, BRUCE WILLIS, and SYLVESTER STALONE.  They spent 
$21 million buying the place and redecorating, including the addition of a 
75 seat cinema.  As a side note, Schwartznegger and wife MARIA SHRIVER are 
expecting their third child.

DAN ACKROYD, who, along with JANE CURTAIN is starring in the revival of 
their old Saturday Night Live sketch THE CONHEADS, has more than just a new 
movie to celebrate.  He and his wife, DONNA DIXON, were blessed with a 
daughter, Belle Kingston Aykroyd, June 9.  They already have a 3 year old 
daughter, Danielle.

ALAN RICKMAN (ROBIN HOOD: PRINCE OF THEIVES) will be starring in MESMER, 
about Dr. Franz Mesmer, the founder of hypnotism and the basis for the word 
"mesmerize."  It will be directed by ROGER SPOTTISWOODE, and executive 
produced by DAVID BOWIE (LABYRINTH).

The Imagine Films production GREED, a dark comedy about a fight over a 
will, will have quite a few genre veterans, including MICHAEL J. FOX (BACK 
TO THE FUTURE), BOB BALABAN (CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE 3RD KIND) and ED 
BEGLEY JR. (MEET THE APPLEGATES).

SURVIVING THE GAME, about a homeless man, will star RUTGER HAUER 
(BLADERUNNER, LADYHAWKE) and ICE-T.  It's from New Line Cinema.

Showtime Networks has added TriStar to the list of studios whose films it 
can broadcast exclusively.  Showtime Networks, which includes Showtime, The 
Movie Channel, Flix, and Pay Per View, signed a five year deal with 
TriStar, which incidentally is owned by Sony Corp..  The deal covers all 
films slated for theatrical release starting in 1994.  Showtime already has 
exclusive rights to films from Castle Rock, New Line, Disney, and PolyGram.

And speaking of cable, CRUSADE, starring ARNOLD SCHWARTZNEGGER, could very 
well start a new trend.  The PAUL VERHOVEN film, which goes into production 
next spring, could very well be the first film in a major step towards 
interactive television.  Tele-Communications Inc. is spending $2 billion 
upgrading its cable system to give it the capability to provide 500 
channels to its subscribers, and one of its projects involves a $90 million 
deal to air up to four Carolco films on Pay Per View -- a week before they 
are released in the theaters.

FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA, fresh from directing BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA and on his 
way to producing FRANKENSTEIN for TriStar, will also be directing a series 
of six 23 minute "films" for VH-1.  They will actually be long-form music 
videos, and will be produced through his company, American Zoetrope, and 
Palomar Pictures.

Coppola 's FRANKENSTEIN, meanwhile, will star KENNETH BRANAGH as Dr. 
Frankenstein and ROBERT DENIRO as the monster.  Brannagh will also direct 
the film for TriStar.

BATMAN III rumors:  We've previously reported rumors that MICHAEL KEATON 
and MICHELLE PFIEFFER had signed.  Now, according to USA Today, it is 
indeed in the works, with TIM BURTON as executive producer and JOEL 
SCHUMACHER (THE LOST BOYS) as director.

After protests from American-Arab Anti-Discrimination Committee, Disney has 
agreed to change some of the lyrics from ALADDIN.  The claim was that the 
lines, "... if they don't like you're face, they'll cut off your ear ... 
it's barbaric, but hey, it's home," perpetuate the stereotype that ancient 
Arabia was a barbaric place.  They will be redubbing for the video release, 
but the ADC says that the changes aren't enough to reverse what they call 
the racism of the movie.  

One of the big questions we keep getting is "What about an X-MEN movie?"  
Well, it's certainly somewhere in the reasonably near future (i.e., the 
next couple of years) but we don't know whether it will be animated or live 
action.  According to CNN, 20th Century Fox has bought the rights, and with 
the current popularity of the mutants, we can't see them holding on to them 
too long without doing something about it.

FIRST KNIGHT, an action adventure about King Arthur and the round table, 
has been postponed by Columbia.  JERRY ZUCKER will be directing when it 
goes back into production in January.  It's being held up by script delays.

ABEL FERRARA wasn't too informative about his new version of INVASION OF 
THE BODY SNATCHERS when it was screened at Cannes last month, but he did 
joke that the idea is "to take great old stories and screw them up."  
Critics, however, have commented that there isn't much original in his 
version, though it is less violent that his last film, THE BAD LIEUTENANT.  
He told UPI that though he hadn't really considered taking an a science 
fiction project, but "the truth is, I always loved Martian movies.  I used 
to dress up as a Martian when I was a kid, and go out and terrify the 
neighbours."

GARY OLDMAN (BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA) will produce, direct, and star in LORDS 
OF THE URBAN JUNGLE, about small-time British  criminals. It's from his 
company, Matisse, and Portman Entertainment, and will be filmed on location 
in London.

JACK NICHOLSON (BATMAN) will star in CROSSING GUARD, about a man awaiting 
the release of the drunken driver who killed his daughter.  It's from 
Warner Bros.  He will also be seen in MIKE NICHOLS' WOLF with MICHELLE 
PFIEFFER (BATMAN RETURNS), who has just adopted a baby daughter.

Purists should be happy.  After years of complaining that movies are 
butchered when shown on a conventional television screen, they can get the 
new RCA "CinemaScreen," says Thomson Consumer Electronics.  The television, 
at 16 inches by 9 inches, duplicates the shape of a movie screen, allowing 
the full effect for widescreen films.  For the less concerned, it also 
allows two conventional programs to be shown on the screen at the same  
time.  As yet there was no word on how you're supposed to watch them both, 
or whether special versions of widescreen films will be needed.

According to a National Public Radio interview with ARTHUR C. CLARKE, the 
rights to THE HAMMER OF GOD have been bought by Paramount.

According to UPI, a QUANTUM LEAP movie is being planned, but not for a year 
or two.

It would seem that Disney's film HOCUS POCUS has offended a very specific
religious group: witches.  LAURIE CABOT, the "official witch" of 
Massachusetts, is the high priestess of the Wicca temple in Salem.  Her 
temple has several thousand members, and she has spent her life trying to 
defend the image of modern day witches, who insist that they are NOT 
connected with the Devil. According to the Boston Globe, she has cast a 
spell on the film to ensure that it is a box-office bomb, but if the 
critics are correct, she needn't have bothered.

KIM BASINGER (BATMAN) will have a cameo in WAYNE'S WORLD II.  She has filed 
for bankruptcy protection following a multi-million dollar judgment against 
her for pulling out of BOXING HELENA.

The film version of INTERVIEW WITH THE VAMPIRE, the ANNE RICE novel, is 
well underway.  Geffen Pictures says shooting will begin October 18 in 
London and New Orleans.  Who's in it?  BRAD PITT (COOL WORLD), RIVER 
PHOENIX (INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE) as the reporter, ANTONIO 
BANDERAS, STEPHEN REA, and as the vampire Lestat ... TOM CRUISE.  Yes, TOM 
CRUISE.  He will reportedly be receiving more than $15 million for the 
role.  The film, which will be distributed by Warner Brothers, will be 
produced by STEPHEN WOLLEY and DAVID GEFFEN and directed by NEIL JORDAN, 
who also wrote the screenplay.  Jordan won this year's Oscar for best 
screenplay for THE CRYING GAME.

The list of "interesting convention souvenirs" might have just gotten a 
little longer.  SYLVESTER STALLONE is thinking about suing the Sunday 
Mirror for printing -- censored -- nude pictures of him taken on the set of 
his science fiction thriller DEMOLITION MAN.  Don't be surprised if the 
uncensored version makes its way to dealer rooms.

It would seem that the big screen version of THE FLINTSTONES will have some 
big names.  Perhaps the biggest will be ELIZABETH TAYLOR, who will be 
playing Wilma's mother, Pearl Slaghoople.  Other stars?  JOHN GOODMAN 
(ROSANNE, as well as the psuedo-genre film MATINEE) as Fred Flintstone, 
ELIZABETH PERKINS as Wilma, RICK MORANIS (HONEY, I SHRUNK THE KIDS) as 
Barney, and ROSIE O'DONNELL as Betty.

Look for LEA THOMPSON (BACK TO THE FUTURE) as the Donna Reed mom in DENNIS 
THE MENACE, and as a "real sexpot" in THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES.

SUPERMAN will be doing double duty this year, as the subject of both LOIS 
AND CLARK, a new series on ABC, and SUPERMAN: THE NEW MOVIE.  More info as 
we get it.

Also in the rumor mill is SGT. ROCK, starring ARNOLD SCHWARTZNEGGER.  If it 
is true, let's hope it does better than his last action movie ...

DIE HARD 3 was supposed to be on a cruise ship, but they were beaten to it 
by STEVEN SEGAL'S UNDER SEIGE, so now it looks like it'll be in a subway 
system.

Anime fans be on the lookout: Universal is supposedly trying to line up a 
deal for putting out a $60 million live action version of AKIRA.

Walt Disney Co. has signed a multimillion dollar multi year liscencing deal 
with DIC Animation City, Inc.  In addition to DIC programs, Disney's Buena 
Vista Home Video will be working on interactive and multimedia programming.  
DIC is the producer of INSPECTOR GADGET, SONIC THE HEDGEHOG, SUPERMARIO 
BROS, and lots of others.

The 17th JAMES BOND film has been approved by MGM.  It will star TIMOTHY 
DALTON.

The summer movies season is heading for a record.  Between MICHAEL 
CRICHTON's JURRASIC PARK and RISING SUN, and THE FUGITIVE, the summer is 
currently running 11 percent ahead of the record setting 1989, when BATMAN, 
INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE, and LETHAL WEAPON 2 were in the 
theaters.

Orion will be releasing ROBOCOP 3 in November.  That is, in the United 
States.  It was supposed to be out here in July, but so was JURRASSIC PARK.  
It has already earned more than $12 million in Japan and South Korea, and 
made $2 million on it's opening week in France, but that money, along with 
all overseas revenues from Orion films, goes to Columbia/TriStar, which 
does Orion's overseas distribution.  Orion, by the way, doesn't make films 
anymore.  They just finance them, but they still have 700 movies in their 
library.

Columbia has named LISA HENSON, daughter of the late JIM, to replace 
MICHAEL NATHANSON as the president of production.  Analysts see this as the 
part of a management shakeup following the $100 million bombing of LAST 
ACTION HERO.

Purists beware... TED TURNER is reportedly negotiating to buy New Line 
Cinema and Castle Rock.  He will supposedly pay $500 million in the deals, 
but he needs approval from his partners, Time Warner Inc., and Tele-
Communications inc..  Bertelsman Music Group, a German-owned company, is 
also trying to buy Castle rock.  While Turner owns five cable TV stations, 
Bertelsman owns RCA, Arista, Doubleday, Bantam, and Dell.  And, to make 
things even more complicated (is that possible?) Castle Rock reportedly 
receives most of its financing from New Line in a deal that is about to 
expire.

The wife of BRUCE LEE has auctioned off some of his personal collection, 
including photos and writings and the cap and suspenders he wore as Kato on 
THE GREEN HORNET.  No word on how much was paid, but a portion much or all 
of the proceeds went to charity.

ROBIN WRIGHT (THE PRINCESS BRIDE) has given birth to a 7 pound 5 ounce baby 
boy named Jack.  He is her second child with SEAN PENN.  Her daughter, 
Dylan, is 2 years old.

SEAN CONNERY (HIGHLANDER,INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE,  ROBIN HOOD, 
JAMES BOND (need we go on?)) is currently in  negotiations over the 
starring role in SMOKE AND MIRRORS, about  Houdin, a French illusionist in 
the 1850's.  It's written by  JANET SCOTT BATCHLER and LEE BATCHLER, and is 
from Disney's Hollywood Pictures.  It's being called a "period action 
drama."

And last, but certainly not least, there's JURASSIC PARK.  If you haven't 
seen it in your part of the world yet, here's when you will:  Germany: 
Sept. 2, Sweden: Sept. 3, Italy: Sept. 17, Netherlands: Sept. 30, Spain: 
Oct. 8, France: Oct. 20 and Greece: Oct. 29.
     The big story though is just how much MONEY this thing has brought in.  
To tell you the truth, we don't have room to list all the records this film 
has broken.  
     Previously, the top ten domestic grosses looked like this:
       1. E.T. -- The Extraterrestrial (1982) $399.8 million.
       2. STAR WARS (1977) $322 million.
       3. HOME ALONE (1990) $281.6 million.
       4. RETURN OF THE JEDI (1983) $263 million.
       5. JAWS (1975) $260 million.
       6. BATMAN (1989) $251.2 million.
       7. RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK (1981) $242.4 million.
       8. BEVERLY HILLS COP (1984) $234.8 million.
       9. THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK (1980) $223 million.
      10. GHOSTBUSTERS (1984) $220.9 million.
     And for those of you who are interested, BACK TO THE FUTURE was at #12 
with $208.2 million, T2 was at #14 with $204 million, INDIANA JONES AND THE 
LAST CRUSADE was at #15 with $197.2 million, and INDIANA JONES AND THE 
TEMPLE OF DOOM was at #17 with $179.8 million.  
     Once it cracked the list of top grosses, JP just went on a rampage, 
climbing up the list like some of the characters running from T-Rex.  It 
took only a month to reach number 10, and four days later it was at number 
7.  A week after that it was at number 5.  Two weeks later it was in the 
number 3 spot.  Frankly, we haven't checked in a few days.  It might very 
well have topped STAR WARS already, but we doubt it.
     It might be held up from topping SW or E.T. for a little while, at 
least, by the fact that both domestic totals include rereleases, of $35.2 
million and $40 million respectively.  E.T. brought in a total of $645 
million for Universal, counting domestic and foreign ticket sales.
     Remember, these are just DOMESTIC grosses.  JP is breaking records all 
over the world.  
     Internationally, the top grosses at this point are:
       1. GHOST (1990) $290 million.
       2. THE BODYGUARD (1992) $289 million.
       3. E.T. -- THE EXTRATERRESTRIAL (1982) $286 million.
       4. PRETTY WOMAN (1989) $279 million.
       5. TERMINATOR 2: JUDGMENT DAY (1991) $263 million.
       6. INDIANA JONES AND THE LAST CRUSADE (1987) $258 million.
       7. RAIN MAN (1988) $240 million.
       8. BASIC INSTINCT (1992) $235 million.
       9. BEAUTY AND THE BEAST (1991) $202 million.
      10. ROBIN HOOD: PRINCE OF THIEVES (1991) $201 million.
     Between theater rentals (which usually run at half the gross) domestic 
and foreign home video and television rights, JP is expected to bring 
Matsushita, Universal's parent company, a net PROFIT of almost $340 
million.  
     Frankly folks, we're stunned.

...........

SF and Fantasy TV News ....
...........

First let's get the announcements of new shows out of the way.  If things 
go well, we should be able to put out a CV: Extra with more info.  Keep 
your fingers crossed.

NBC, Sunday 8-9 pm Eastern -- SEAQUEST DSV:  From STEVEN SPEILBERG.  Eco-
science fiction, with ROY SCHIEDER as the head of a submarine patrolling 
the deep.

ABC, Sunday 8-9 pm Eastern -- LOIS AND CLARK:  THE NEW ADVENTURES OF 
SUPERMAN:  DEAN CAIN and TERI HATCHER as the leads.  It's supposedly closer 
to the comics than we've seen before.

Sci-FI -- THE NEW ADVENTURES OF GIGANTOR:  (Remember, folks, we don't make 
this up.)  There's really not much to say here, except that there are 52 
new animated episodes, and they're in color.

Fox, Friday 9-10 pm Eastern -- THE X-FILES:  Let's just say that the 
producer/creator's favorite show as a kid was NIGHT GALLERY.  It's about an 
FBI agent who decides to take on those "weird" unsolved cases, like aliens 
and the paranormal.  CHRIS CARTER promises it'll be good and scary, but not 
bloody.  We'll run the interview with him either in the Extra or the next 
issue, depending on how things go.

Syndicated, so bug your local stations:  BABYLON 5:  Laurel Takashima is, 
in accordance with many people's wishes, gone.  WALTER KOENIG is a bad guy.  
We don't have room for everything here.  Check out CV issues 1 and 3 for 
details from J. Michael Straczynksi himself.

Syndicated, so bug your local stations:  ROBOCOP:  If there's anyone who 
hasn't seen the movie, it's basically about a cop who's been turned into a 
cyborg by a heartless corporation running the police force of Detroit.  He 
starts to remember who he is and fights against OCP -- the corporation.  
The TV series apparently picks up from there.

That's all we've got for now, so on to the rest of the news ...........

DR. WHO fans have been up and down in the last few months.  First there was 
a rumor that the BBC was reviving the show.  Then there was a rumor that 
they MIGHT revive the show if there was enough interest in the special that 
they were going to air for the 30th anniversary of the show in November.  
Then there was gossip of problems between the surviving Doctors (or that 
actors playing them, anyway.)  Supposedly, JOHN PERTWEE, PETER DAVISON, and 
SYLVESTER MCCOY were upset because the bulk of the show had gone to TOM 
BAKER.  (COLIN BAKER had not signed, citing prior committments.)  Then the 
word was that the special had been pushed back to early next year.
     Now it seems that it was all pointless, because the rumor is that the 
BBC has cancelled the special completely, and has no plans to revive DR. 
WHO on television in any form.  They will not even be showing any more 
reruns for at least two seasons.  (U.S. readers remember:  In England, a 
season is 13 weeks.)
     On the brighter side, rumor is that BBC RADIO LIGHT ENTERTAINMENT  and 
the BBC Audio Collection will be producing 35 radio episodes of DR. WHO 
starting JON PERTWEE as the Doctor.  Some of the people who have reportedly 
been contacted are KATY MANNING, ELIZABETH SLADEN, ERIC SAWARD, TERRANCE 
DICKS, BARRY LETTS, PHILLIP MARTIN.  Even more unconfirmed is that some of 
the "lost" episodes that exist only in audio form may be released on 
cassette tape or compact disc.

QUANTUM LEAP:  Continuing on in life, SCOTT BAKULA  will be starring in 
MERCY MISSION, about the rescue of a single engine plane lost in the 
Pacific Ocean.  ROBERT LOGGIA also stars, and TED DANSON will produce.  It 
will air sometime in the 1993-4 season on NBC.  (Yes, NBC.)  But, of 
course, the big news is that Bakula will be a semi-regular on MURPHY BROWN.  
His role has been described as an "aggressive but charming international 
reporter."  Look for "strong sexual tension" between him and CANDICE 
BERGEN.

DEAN STOCKWELL will play an "evil strip miner" trying to obtain the 
Ponderosa in BONANZA -- THE RETURN, about the next generation of ranchers 
and staring the sons of the original series, MICHAEL LANDON JR., and DIRK 
BLOCKER, and LINDA GRAY.

And speaking of sons, JASON CONNERY, son of SEAN and formerly of ROBIN OF 
SHERWOOD, will be starring in the film IESKA,about a Sioux Indian.  It will 
start shooting in Nashville this fall, and will also star FRANCESCO QUINN 
(son of ANTHONY) and TAHNEE WELCH (daughter of RAQUEL).

Also for you alumnus watchers, ROBERT WOLTERSTORFF, former QL Supervising 
Producer and writer is now the Executive Producer of DANGER THEATER, which 
we have been looking for an excuse to mention.  It's a half hour parody of 
the action shows of the 1970's and '80's and it's (in our humble opinions, 
of course) a fun way to spend 30 minutes.  The show also features genre 
veterans ADAM WEST (BATMAN) and ROBERT VAUGHN (THE MAN FROM U.N.C.L.E.).  
There are two segments each week, so there's little time for a gag to get 
stale.  The two are "The Searcher" starring DEITRICH BADER -- a takeoff on 
everything from THE HITCHHIKER to the A-TEAM, and "Tropical Punch", 
starring West in a straight takeoff of HAWAII FIVE-O.  (Also, for those of 
you following the campaign to save QL, the infamous Harriet will have a 
cameo as a Liz Taylor lookalike in "Sex Lies and Decaf" to air August 22nd.

So you thought you read it all in GROWING UP BRADY, the controversial 
biography of BARRY WILLIAMS?  Now there is a tell all memior from, of all 
people, BURT WARD.  Yes, the boy -- now a man -- who played Robin opposite 
ADAM WEST'S BATMAN in the campy 1960's television show.  The book will be 
called BOY WONDER:  MY LIFE IN TIGHTS.  (As tempting as it was, we are NOT 
making this up.)  Among the "revelations" to be found among the pages are 
the existance of a nude Christmas special shown only to the executives.  
(Can you imagine THAT in a dealers' room?)  Remember, now, that Ward was a 
very young man at the time, but if you've been following his life since, 
you know that he has certainly gotten ... older.  He claims that there are 
no less than three chapters that are so sexually explicit that should not 
be read by minors.

WHOOPI GOLDBERG's talk show has been cancelled becuse of low ratings.

Looks like we're going to have a wait for GEORGE R.R. MARTIN'S DOORWAYS.  
it seems that ABC scheduled it for July 10 -- in a one hour slot.  The 
problem is that the short version of the pilot is 90 minutes long, with the 
European version running 2 hours.  Columbia pointed that out to ABC, but 
there were no 90 minute slots available in the summer, so we may have to 
wait as long as a year.

Steven Speilberg is taking TINY TOON ADVENTURES one step farther.  Fox has 
picked up STEVEN SPIELBERG PRESENTS ANIMANIACS.  It's about three Warner 
Bros characters, Wakko, Yakko, and Dot, the Warner Brothers (and Warner 
sister) who have supposedly been kept in the WB water tower since their 
creation 50 years ago because they were too outrageous.  It will air at 4pm 
on weekday afternoons.  We'll let you know what will happen to TINY TOONS, 
which is currently airing in that slot.

Looking for RED DWARF scripts?  Fans in the UK have spotted PRIMORDIAL 
SOUP:  THE LEAST WORST SCRIPTS, by Grant Naylor.  It's from Penguin Books, 
and even includes "Psirens," a script from the sixth season which has not 
even been shown yet.  See SPOILERS AHOY for a little bit more information.  
According to "Red Dwarf Smegazine," Season 1 of RD would be released on 
video in the UK around May 4th, so it's probably out there somehwere.  
No word on when other countries would see it.

There seems to be an affinity among science fiction fans for the classic 
detective, SHERLOCK HOLMES.  Maybe it's that intelligence runs in both 
groups.  Or perhaps it's just that Holmes, like the average sf fan, was 
always looking forward to the future, to technology ... and to all the 
little things that mundanes usually miss.   Well now CBS is combining both 
groups with a TV movies called SHERLOCK HOLMES RETURNS! IN THE ADVENTURE OF 
THE TIGER'S REVENGE.
     The story revolves around Holmes' adventures when he is thawed out 
after 94 years.  I seems that he was so bored in Victorian England that he 
invented cryogenics and jumped in.  Written by KENNETH JOHNSON, it will 
star ANTHONY HIGGINS as Holmes and (surprise!) DEBORAH FARENTINO as his 
sidekick.  Instead of the stodgy Dr. Watson, we get Farentino as a sexy 
doctor companion.  (Yes, tension, but no romance -- yet.)  If it does well, 
there may be a series of TV films.  
     Although they have tried to keep things like the meerschaum pipe and 
deerstalker cap, Holmes adapts to modern life pretty quickly.  Just picture 
Sherlock Holmes with the resources of computers and networks behind him and 
you get the idea.
     And while we're on the subject of Holmes, it was at about this time 
100 years ago that ARTHUR CONAN DOYLE, sick of the detective he had 
created, sent him hurtling over the Reichenbach Falls to his death.  Well, 
a year or two later he was forced by public outcry to bring him back, but 
that isn't stopping the United Kingdom from issuing a set of Sherlock 
Holmes stamps to commemorate the anniversary.  They should be in the stores 
October 12.  (Or should way say 12 October?)

...........

STAR TREK News ....
...........

MOVIE NEWS:  OK, here's the poop.  STAR TREK VII will not be called STAR 
TREK VII, though nobody knows what it IS going to be called.  Right now the 
leading candidate is STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: THE MOTION PICTURE, so 
that should answer the question as to which crew will be in it.  There 
will, however be 18 minutes of TOS characters.  There are at least two 
scripts in the works, and the will pick the one they like best for the 
first film.  The first two will have a budget of $100,000,000, if 
statements made by Creation are correct.  Paramount has booked 2400 
theaters for Christmas week, so it had better be ready.  This meant that 
the TNG actors had to go back to work early, and will get only one week for 
their mid-season hiatus, leaving them free to start production July 1, 
1994.
     Apparently one problem with making another TOS film is the insurance 
companies.  When you're making a film, you buy insurance that pays off if 
for some reason you can't complete the film -- like the death or serious 
illness of one of your stars.  Given the advanced age of some of the cast, 
STVI could only be insured for $26 million.

Also, the rumor that Paramount will be making yet another Star Trek series 
once TNG ends is now a fact.  It will take place on a starship and not a 
space station, and during the same time period as TNG, so forget RICHARD 
DEAN ANDERSON as a grown up Wesley Crusher.

There is talk that TERRY FARRELL is pregant.  This is completely 
UNCONFIRMED. 

WALTER KOENIG suffered a heart attack while attending a convention in 
Chicago. He was hospitalized and subsequently underwent heart surgery.  
Koenig, whose age has been variously listed as 54 and 56, is doing fine, 
and his family thanks all of those who sent their good wishes during the 
crisis. 

In a monumental display of well-meaning but misinformed explanation, United 
Press International distributed an article about a STAR TREK convention in 
Pasadena, California.  The article patiently explains that you shouldn't 
call fans "trekkies" because "Since [DEEP SPACE NINE] was launched in 1993, 
Star Trek fans have sought a more serious image, hence the name change."  
To it's credit, though, the article also quotes trekker Neil Norman as 
explaining that "Being a trekker is about everyone getting along.  It's not 
about space ships and monsters."  UPI also ran a report recently detailing 
MARINA SIRTIS's refusal to attend a question/answer session until all video 
equipment was removed from the room, quoting an unnamed con organizer as 
saying that the TNG people just "stay for their hour and leave," and that 
the TOS people are more personable.  Anybody want to comment on that?
     (UPI also ran the story of Walter Koenig's heart attack under the 
headline "Star Trek character suffers heart attack".)

BRENT SPINER was reportedly offered a chance to direct, but turned it down.  
Not so for ADAM NIMOY (son of LEONARD), who will be directing another 
episode -- but we don't know which one.

A strange sounding rumor, supposedly from E! (the cable network) says that 
JOHN DELANCIE has been signed for 26 episodes of TNG.  A theory put forward 
is that he might be playing a new regular in alien makeup.

There's just no stopping that STAR TREK franchise.  According the The Wall 
Street Journal (7/12/93), Paramount Video has sold 200,000 copies of "The 
Cage," the original TOS pilot.  That's $3 million, folks.  For one episode.  
The other 79 episodes have sold 50,000 to 100,000 each, and the TNG 
episodes on the market have sold 25,000 to 30,000 each.

DWIGHT SCHULTZ (BARCLAY) will be starring in a brand new series come fall.  
BOOMTOWN is about a dreamer who buys a run down rural hotel in anticipation 
of a superhighway that winds up bypassing them, leaving them broke.

Funny how statistics can be manipulated ...  According to the TIME 
Magazine, the fastest growing language in the world is Klingon, created by 
Mark Okrand.  Why?  It's very simple.  As recently as a few years ago, 
practically nobody was speaking it, but now, with the publication of the 
KLINGON DICTIONARY, lots of people are spitting their way to being 
bilingual.

On the lighter side, it seems that plenty of things are out there if you 
just ask for them.  For instance, Riverside, Iowa was designated the 
birthplace of James T. Kirk because then City Councilor STEVE MILLER saw a 
listing in THE MAKING OF STAR TREK of Kirk's birthplace as "a small Iowa 
town."  Paramount told him that the first Iowa town to lay claim to him 
could have him, so they did.  So now every first Friday after March 22 
(yes, it's also WILLIAM SHATNER'S birthday) is the annual summer Trek Fest, 
complete with Romulan Ale -- food coloring in the green beer left over from 
St. Patrick's day.

The British satellite channel Sky One has purchased the rights to STAR 
TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE, and will begin showing it in the next month or so.

JOHN DELANCIE just finished making a movie with BRUCE DERN, and plans on 
doing more audio tapes.  (What did he do before?)  He has also done a comic 
for DC, but reportedly does not plan to do another.  

Since the beginning, big name stars have been showing up in Star Trek:  The 
Next Generation, and we may see more of that in what future the show has 
left.  "Descent," the final episode of the sixth season, featured a small 
role for scientist STEVEN HAWKING, who is reportedly a huge fan of the 
show.  (The staff was apparently quite excited that such a world renowned 
scientist is a fan.  He also reportedly has quite a sense of humor, and 
Levar Burton reccommends renting A BRIEF HISTORY OF TIME, the story of 
Hawking's life.)  According to a TV Guide interview with executive producer 
RICK BERMAN, other celebrities who have expressed an interest in appearing 
are JASON ALEXANDER, DANA CARVEY, CHRISTOPHER LLOYD, LYLE LOVETT, who, 
according to Berman, is "an obsessive fan," Los Angeles Laker JAMES WORTHY, 
who has reportedly signed to be the tallest Klingon in the show's history, 
and ROBIN WILLIAMS.  Berman says that they are looking for something more 
than a cameo for Williams -- but nobody's mentioned the return of Mork from 
Ork.  Various sources are also saying that ARNOLD SCHWARTZNEGGER has signed 
on to be an alien captain, but we think that if that were true, Rick Berman 
would have mentioned it to TV Guide.  Others mentioned in a March issue of 
Entertainment Weekly are JOHN GOODMAN and ELLIOT GOULD.

WILLIAM SHATNER was also talking to TV Guide for their special "Sci-fi"
episode, and what he had to say might surprise a few people.  He said that 
he had no idea that much of the rest of the original cast of STAR TREK 
didn't like him until he started to write his memiors.  WALTER KOENIG -- 
Pavel Chekhov -- agreed to talk to him for the book, but what he had to say 
was far from favorable.  He said that Shatner always felt that aside from 
the Big Three, the other actors were insignificant.

JIMMY DOOHAN wouldn't even talk to Shatner for the book.  Doohan also has a 
book deal for his memiors and though he does not yet have a title, he told 
TV Guide (man, they talk to everybody!) that "It may have a whiff of 
blasphemy, so I have to check it out with a couple of priests first."  

NICHELLE NICHOLS is also writing a book.  It's called BEYOND UHURA, but she 
says that if you're looking for lots of details of the much heralded 
"liason" between her and GENE RODDENBERRY, you're going to be disappointed.  
She says that it happened long before STAR TREK, it was short-lived, and 
that it will only get a couple of sentences in the book.

...........

Contests ....
...........

Attention writers:  ASIMOV'S SCIENCE FICTION MAGAZINE and the  
International Association for the Fantastic in the Arts (IAFA) have 
announced the creation of the Isaac Asimov Award for the  best unpublished 
science fiction or fantasy short story by an undergraduate student.  The 
award is $500, a trip to IAFA's annual conference in Florida to receive it, 
and consideration for publication in ASIMOV'S.  Submissions, which should 
be in the range of 1,000 to 10,000 words, are due by November 15, 1993.  
For more information, write to Isaac Asimov Award, USF 3177, 4204 E. 
Fowler, Tampa, FL 33620-3177. 

-!-

The UPC SCIENCE FICTION AWARD

[Editor's note:  We were going to try and paraphrase this, but there's just 
so much in the way of specifics you need to know that we decided to just 
reprint the posted notice, since you don't really have time to write to 
them for more info.  It IS a yearly contest, however, so even if you don't 
make it this year, there's always the next go-round.] 

This message contains the rules of the UPC Science Fiction Award 1993. This
competition is organized by the Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya (UPC).
Since its 2nd edition in 1992, the works can be presented in Catalan,
Spanish, English or French.  Last year, Jack MacDevitt won the award with
the short novel "Ships in the Night".

Conrado Martinez (conrado@lsi.upc.es)

                      UPC SCIENCE FICTION AWARD 1993

RULES

 1.- Any unpublished narrative work which comes within the science fiction
     genre may take part in the competition.
 2.- The works presented must be of between 75 and 110 pages, written in
     Catalan, Spanish, English or French. Two copies of the manuscript must
     be submitted, typewritten and double-spaced with 30 lines on each page
     and 70 characters per line. The submitted manuscripts will not be
     returned.
 3.- The author must sign his or her narrative with a pseudonym, and
     enclose a sealed envelope containing the following details: full name,
     personal identification number (identity card or similar), full
     address and contact telephone or fax. The title of the work and the
     pseudonym of the author must appear on the outside of this envelope.
     Members of the UPC community must also state "UPC Member" on the
     outside of the envelope.
 4.- Manuscripts must be send to:
        Consell Social
        Universitat Politecnica de Catalunya
        Edifici ETSAB
        Diagonal, 649
        08028- Barcelona (SPAIN)
     The envelope should be clearly marked: "UPC Science Fiction Award
     1993".
 5.- The final date for presentation of manuscripts for the 1993 edition is
     August 30, 1993. The decision of the jury, which will be final, will
     be made public before the ending of year 1993 (December 1st, 1993).
 6.- According to the decision of the jury, a prize of 1,000,000 PTA will
     be awarded. If the awarded narrative is not written in Catalan or
     Spanish, a special mention with a prize of 250,000 PTA may be awarded
     to the best narrative written in these languages. A further prize of
     250,000 PTA may also be awarded for the best narrative presented by a
     member of the UPC.
 7.- The competition, which is held every year, may be declared vacant.
 8.- The prizewinners grant the rights of the first Spanish edition to the
     UPC, and waiver their right to any other monetary remuneration from
     this edition.
 9.- The winning novellas will be published by the UPC through Ediciones B,
     in its collection "NOVA ciencia ficcion".
10.- The jury for the 1993 edition will be composed of Lluis Anglada,
     Miquel Barcelo, Pere Botella, Josep Casanovas and Domingo Santos.
11.- The participation in the UPC Science Fiction Award 1993 involves the
     implicit acceptance of the rules.
                                             Barcelona, February 1993.

-!-
[Editor's note:  The official closing date for voting was supposed to be 
the weekend of August 13th, but Brad Templeton of Clarinet says that since 
the ballots are still coming in and they're so easy to process, they will 
be accepting them for a while longer -- but they absolutely must close the 
balloting Labor Day weekend.]

               The Electric Science Fiction Award Ballot

     Clarinet is also running an electronic version of the Hugo voting.  
Simply put, replace the question marks with your choices, in order of 
preference.  If you hate something, rank it below "No Award."  All ballots 
will be machine processed.  They state in the instrctions that "BALLOTS 
THAT CAN'T BE PARSED WILL BE DROPPED ON THE FLOOR."  Neat trick for an 
electronic ballot, but hey, it's their poll.
     One more note from Clarinet: To not rank a story is to rank it last.  
Thus if you have stories you hated, you should actually rank them after 
stories you didn't read, rather than not ranking them, presuming you wish 
to give them the benefit of the doubt.  Likewise, you may wish to rank 
stories you didn't read above No Award if you want to give them the benefit 
of the doubt.

                            =====CUT HERE=====
Mail this part, or at least the answer lines, to esf-vote@clarinet.com

#start:

                Best Novel

A       China Mountain Zhang by Maureen F. McHugh
B       Red Mars by Kim Stanley Robinson
C       Steel Beach by John Varley
D       A Fire Upon the Deep by Vernor Vinge
E       Doomsday Book by Connie Willis
!       No Award

#novel: ???

                Best Novella
A       "Uh-Oh City" by Jonathan Carroll
B       "The Territory" by Bradley Denton
C       "Protection" by Maureen McHugh
D       Stopping at Slowyear by Frederik Pohl
E       "Barnacle Bill the Spacer" by Lucius Shepard 

F       City of Truth by James Morrow
G       "Contact" by Jerry Oltion and Lee Goodloe
H       Griffin's Egg by Michael Swanwick
!       No Award

#novella: ???

                Best Novelette
A       "True Faces" by Pat Cadigan
B       "The Nutcracker Coup" by Janet Kagan
C       "In the Stone House" by Barry N. Malzberg
D       "Danny Goes to Mars" by Pamela Sargent
E       "Suppose They Gave a Peace..." by Susan Shwartz

F       "Matter's End" by Gregory Benford
G       "The July Ward" by S.N. Dyer
H       "The Honeycrafters" by Carolyn Gilman
I       "Prayers on the Wind" by Walter Jon Williams
!       No Award

#novelette: ???

                Best Short Story
A       "The Winterberry" by Nicholas A. DiChario
B       "The Mountain to Mohammed" by Nancy Kress 
C       "The Lotus and the Spear" by Mike Resnick
D       "The Arbitrary Placement of Walls" by Martha Soukup
E       "Even the Queen" by Connie Willis


F       "Life Regarded as a Jigsaw Puzzle of Highly Lustrous Cats" 
          by Michael Bishop
G       "Lennon Spex" by Paul Di Fillipo
H       "Vinland the Dream" by Kim Stanley Robinson
!       No Award

#short: ???

                Best Professional Artist
A       Thomas Canty
B       David A. Cherry
C       Bob Eggleton
D       James Gurney
E       Don Maitz
!       No Award

#artist: ???

                Best Original Artwork
A       Cover of Aristoi by Jim Burns
B       Dinotopia by James Gurney
C       "Bridges" by Ron Walotsky
D       Cover of Illusion by Michael Whelan
E       Asimov Tribute Portrait, by Michael Whelan
!       No Award

#artwork: ???

                Best Fan Writer
A       Mike Glyer
B       Andy Hooper
C       Dave Langford
D       Evelyn C. Leeper
E       Harry Warner Jr.
!       No Award

#fanwriter: ???

                Best Fan Artist
A       Teddy Harvia
B       Merle Insinga
C       Linda Michaels
D       Peggy Ranson
E       Stu Shiffman
F       Diana Harlan Stein
!       No Award

#fanartist: ???

                Best New Writer of 1991-1992
                from the John W. Campbell nominees

A       Barbara Delaplace
B       Nicholas A. DiChario
C       Holly Lisle
D       Laura Resnick
E       Carrie Richerson
F       Michelle Sagara
!       No Award

#newwriter: ???

    Other questions:

For these questions, replace the answer field with the right answer.  If
you see something like "yes|no" it means we expect you to leave either a
yes or no in the field.  If you leave a literal "yes|no" we will disregard
your response.

1. Did you purchase the ESF 1993 Hugo and Nebula Anthology?  (You can vote
even if you didn't, but we would like to know.)

#purchase: yes|no

2. Are you a member of the 1993 WorldCon, ConFrancisco?

#worldcon: yes|no

3. Did you or will you vote on the Hugos?

#vote: yes|no

#end:

Brad Templeton
ClariNet Communications Corp.
Sunnyvale, CA
408/296-0366

...........

.... And Awards
...........

Genre and related nominees for the 45th annual Primetime Emmy Awards, to be 
presented live on ABC on Sept. 19 from the Pasadena Civic Auditorium:

Actor, drama series: QUANTUM LEAP -- Scott Bakula 
Supporting actor, drama series: QUANTUM LEAP -- Dean Stockwell
Animated program, one hour or less: BATMAN: THE ANIMATED SERIES (Fox);  
     INSPECTOR GADGET SAVES CHRISTMAS (NBC); LIQUID TELEVISION (MTV); THE 
     REN & STIMPY SHOW (MTV); THE TALE OF PETER RABBIT AND BENJAMIN BUNNY 
     (Family Channel).
Directing, drama series:  THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES -- Northern 
     Italy, 1918 -- Bille August
Art direction, series: QUANTUM LEAP -- Cameron Birnie, Ellen Dambros-
     Williams, Robert Zilliox; STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE -- Herman 
     Zimmerman, Randall McIlvain, Mickey S. Michaels; THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES: Vienna, 1908 -- Gavin Bocquet, Keith Pain, Maggie 
     Gray
Art direction, miniseries or special:  WILD PALMS -- Dins Danielson, Mark 
     Zuelzke, Suzette Sheets
Cinematography, series: QUANTUM LEAP -- Michael Watkins; THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES -- David Tattersall
Editing, series, single-camera:  QUANTUM LEAP -- Jon Koslowsky
Cinematography, series: QUANTUM LEAP -- Michael Watkins;  THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES -- David Tattersall
Supporting actor, miniseries or special: BARBARIANS AT THE GATE -- Jonathan 
     Pryce (BRAZIL) 
Costume design, series: QUANTUM LEAP: LEE HARVEY OSWALD -- Jean-Pierre 
Dorleac;
     STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: Time's Arrow, Parts 1 & 2 -- Robert 
     Blackman; THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES -- Peggy Farrell
Music composition, series, dramatic underscore: QUANTUM LEAP: Leaping On A 
     String Part 1 -- Velton Ray Bunch; THE SIMPSONS: Treehouse of Horror 
     III -- Alf Clausen; THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES: Young Indiana 
     Jones and the Scandal of 1920 -- Joel McNeely; THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES 
     CHRONICLES: Vienna,  1908 -- Laurence Rosenthal
Main title theme music: COVINGTON CROSS -- Carl Davis; STAR TREK: DEEP 
     SPACE NINE -- Dennis McCarthy
Sound editing, series:  QUANTUM LEAP: Leaping Between The States -- Greg 
     Schorer, Gary Macheel, Rick Crampton, Dan Luna, Bob Costanza, Rick 
     Steele, Ernesto Mas, Bruce Frazier; STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE: 
     Emissary Part 2 -- James Wolvington, William Wistrom, Ashley Harvey, 
     Miguel Rivera, Jeff Gersh, Sean Callery, Steffan Falestich, Steve 
     Rowe; STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION:   Time's Arrow Part 2 -- William 
     Wistrom, James Wolvington, Miguel Rivera, Masanobu Tomita, Guy 
     Tsujimoto, Jeff Gersh, Dan Yale, Gerry Sackman;  THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES: Somme, 1916 -- Tom Bellfort, Larry Oatfield, Chris 
     Scarabosio, Michael Silvers, David Slusser, Tom Villano, Jamie Gelb-
     Forrester 
Costume design, series:  QUANTUM LEAP: Lee Harvey Oswald -- Jean-Pierre 
     Dorleac; STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: Time's Arrow Parts 1 & 2 -- 
     Robert Blackman; THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES -- Peggy Farrell
Music composition, series, dramatic underscore:  QUANTUM LEAP: Leaping On A 
     String Part 1 -- Velton Ray Bunch; THE SIMPSONS: Treehouse of Horror 
     III -- Alf Clausen; THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES: Young Indiana 
     Jones and the Scandals of 1920 -- Joel McNeely; THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES: Vienna,  1908 -- Laurence Rosenthal
Music composition, miniseries or special, dramatic underscore:  THE YOUNG 
     INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES: Young Indiana Jones and the Mystery of the 
     Blues -- Joel McNeely
Main title theme music:  COVINGTON CROSS -- Carl Davis;  STAR TREK: DEEP 
     SPACE NINE -- Dennis McCarthy
Sound editing, series:  ``QUANTUM LEAP: Leaping Between The States'' -- 
     Greg Schorer, Gary Macheel, Rick Crampton, Dan Luna, Bob Costanza, 
     Rick Steele, Ernesto Mas, Bruce Frazier; ``STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE: 
     Emissary Part 2'' -- James Wolvington, William Wistrom, Ashley Harvey, 
     Miguel Rivera, Jeff Gersh, Sean Callery, Steffan Falestich, Steve 
     Rowe; STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION:  Time's Arrow'' Part 2 -- 
     William Wistrom, James Wolvington, Miguel Rivera, Masanobu Tomita, Guy 
     Tsujimoto, Jeff Gersh, Dan Yale, Gerry Sackman; THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES: Somme, 1916 -- Tom Bellfort, Larry Oatfield, Chris 
     Scarabosio, Michael Silvers, David Slusser, Tom Villano, Jamie Gelb-
     Forrester
Sound editing, miniseries or special:  STEPHEN KING: THE TOMMYKNOCKERS -- 
     Richard Taylor, Peter Austin, David Mork Beadle, Peter Bergren, Ken T. 
     Gladden, Sonya L. Henry, Gary Lewis, Myron C. Nettinga, Brian Thomas 
     Nist, Adam Sawelson, Matthew Sawelson, Bruce Tanis, James B. 
     Hebenstreit, Albert Edmund Lord III, Marty Weresky
Sound mixing, comedy series or special:  THE SIMPSONS: Tree House of Horror 
     III -- Brad Brock, R. Russell Smith, Greg Orloff, Anthony D'Amico
Sound mixing, drama series:  STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE, EMISSARY Part 2 -- 
     Bill Gocke, Christopher Haire, Richard Morrison, Douglas W. Davey; 
     STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION: A Fistful of  Datas -- Alan Bernard, 
     Doug Davey, Richard Morrison, Christopher Haire; THE YOUNG INDIANA 
     JONES CHRONICLES -- Carl Rudisill, Gary Summers
Makeup, series:  SPACE RANGERS: Death Before Dishonor -- Marvin Westmore, 
     Ed French; STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE: Captive Pursuit -- Michael G. 
     Westmore, Jill Rockow, Karen J. Westerfield, Gilmosko, Dean Jones, 
     Michael Key, Craig Reardon, Vincent Niebla; STAR TREK: THE NEXT 
     GENERATION: Inner Light -- Michael G. Westmore, Gerald Quist, June 
     Abston Haymore, Karen J. Westerfield, Jill Rockow, Doug Drexler
Hairstyling, series:  STAR TREK: DEEP SPACE NINE: Move Along Home -- 
     Candace Neal, Ron Smith, Gerold Solomon, Susan Maust; STAR TREK: THE 
     NEXT GENERATION: Time's Arrow Part 2 -- Joy Zapata, Candy Neal, Patty 
     Miller, Laura Connelly, Richard Sabre, Julia Walker, Josee Normand
Music direction: THE YOUNG INDIANA JONES CHRONICLES: YOUNG INDIANA JONES 
     AND THE MYSTERY OF THE BLUES

..............

The editors of TV Guide  picked their favorites:  STAR TREK took the award 
for Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy of the 1960, and STAR TREK: THE NEXT GENERATION won 
Best Sci-Fi/Fantasy of the 1980's.  PATRICK STEWART also won Best Dramatic 
Actor of the 1980's.  The best SF/F of the 1950's was TWILIGHT ZONE, and, 
in a move that makes us wonder, they chose MORK AND MINDY as the best SF/F 
of the 1970's.

And, it seems that someone's always running a "Sexiest Men" contest, and 
this time it's Playgirl.  Among the winners for 1993 are JOHNNY DEPP 
(EDWARD SCISSORHANDS), BRAD PITT (COOL WORLD, INTERVIEW WITH A VAMPIRE), 
DANNY GLOVER (PREDATOR 2), and ROBERT DENIRO (FRANKENSTEIN).

Genre winners of the 29th annual Academy Awards:  
  Makeup:  Greg Cannom, Michele Burke, and Matthew W. Mungle, BRAM STOKER'S 
     DRACULA
  Animated Short:  Joan C. Gratz, MONA LISA DESCENDING A STAIRCASE
  Visual Effects:  Ken Ralston, Doug Chiang, Doug Smythe, and Tim Woodruff, 
     DEATH BECOMES HER
  Sound Effects Editing:  Tom C. McCarthy and David E. Stone, BRAM STOKER'S 
     DRACULA
  Original Score:  Alan Menken, ALADDIN
  Costume Design:  Eiko Ishioka, BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA
  Original Song:  WHOLE NEW WORLD, from ALADDIN, music by Alan Menken, 
     lyrics by Tim Rice

On the other hand, ALAN MENKEN was also "honored" with the Golden Raspberry 
Award for worst original song for his part in the writing of HIGH TIMES, 
HARD TIMES for Disney's NEWSIES.  The Razzie is a gold spray painted 
mangled film reel about the size of a golf ball, and is valued at $1.79.

CELINE DION and PEABO BRYSON, both Canadian, have been awarded the Candian 
Grammy award for their rendition of BEAUTY AND THE BEAST.

LEVAR BURTON'S READING RAINBOW, has been nominated for Outstanding 
Children's Series in the 20th Annual DAYTIME EMMY AWARDS.  The nominations 
for Outstanding Animated Children's  Program went to BATMAN: THE ANIMATED 
SERIES, DISNEY'S DARKWING  DUCK, DOUG, RUGRATS, and TINY TOON ADVENTURES, 
and the nominations for Outstanding Writing in an Animated Program went to 
BATMAN: THE ANIMATED SERIES, DISNEY'S GOOF TROOP, DISNEY'S RAW TOONAGE, 
RUGRATS, and TINY TOON ADVENTURES.  Nominations for Outstanding Performer 
in a Children's Series went to JOHN ASTIN for THE ADDAM'S FAMILY, and LEVAR 
BURTON for READING RAINBOW.

The Boring Institute has made its choices for 1992, citing, among other 
movies, BATMAN RETURNS and SEAN CONNERY'S MEDICINE MAN.  They also cited 
the acting of BATMAN alumni JACK NICHOLSON and KIM BASINGER.

QUANTUM LEAP: A Song for the Soul and JON KOSLOWSKY, ACE are winners of the 
American Cinema Editors Award, and the Motion  Picture Sound Editors 1992 
Golden Reel Award for Television One Hour Series ADR editing went to 
Supervising ADR Editor ERNESTO MAS and ADR Editor J. MICHAEL HOOSER for 
QUANTUM LEAP: Leaping of the Shrew. 

The winners of the 1992 Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America 
Nebula Awards:
  Novel: Connie Willis, Doomsday Book (Bantam)
  Novella: James Morrow, City of Truth (St. Martin's Press)
  Novelette: Pamela Sargent, Danny Goes to Mars (Asimov's SF)
  Short Story: Connie Willis, Even the Queen (Asimov's)
  Grand Master: Frederik Pohl

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!8!--  SPOILERS AHOY/Including Episode Guide For HIGHLANDER Season One
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

According to reports, we can expect the following early next season on STAR 
TREK:  THE NEXT GENERATIOM:  
     Hugh Borg will be returning for the second half of "Descent," lending 
credence to those who were sure that he would be an integral part of the 
solution to the Enterprise's problem.
     After 6 years, we will finally see Geordi's conception of himself.  In 
the upcoming episode "Interface," Geordi will be working in a virtual 
reality environment, and we will get to see how he views himself WITHOUT 
the visor.  He will apparently be performing some sort of remote operation 
on a space probe. As reported here, Levar Burton, who plays Geordie, loves 
technology and new toys, and reportedly had lots of fun with this episode.  
In another episode, we will get to see Geordie's parents, his missing-in-
action mother (who is the captain of her own ship) and his father, to be 
played by BEN VEREEN.  (Burton originally wanted SIDNEY POITIER, but he was 
unavailable, and he is apparently quite happy that Vereen stepped in.) 
     Also rumored:  Net sources have quoted Science Consultant NAREN 
SHANKAR as saying that there is a Wesley Crusher oriented show in 
development for the upcoming season.  WIL WHEATON, who plays Wes, is 
currently attending UCLA, and his character is at Starfleet Academy.  She 
also mentioned that they were going to pick up the theme of Data's dreams.
     On the other side of the camera, once again we will see cast members 
directing:  The sixth episode will be directed by PATRICK STEWART, the 
tenth by JONATHAN FRAKES, and the twelfth by LEVAR BURTON.  No episode 
titles are available yet.   

AIR SCHEDULES FOR THE UNITED STATES:
     Star Trek:  The Next Generation
        8/7/93   --  Frame of Mind
        8/14/93  --  Suspicions
        8/21/93  --  Rightful Heir
        8/28/93  --  Second Chances
        9/4/93   --  Timescape
        9/11/93  --  Descent
        9/18/93  --  SEASON PREMIERE: Descent Part 2 (unofficial title)

     Star Trek:  Deep Space Nine
        8/7/93   --  Progress
        8/14/93  -- Duet
        8/21/93  --  If Wishes Were Horses
        8/28/93  --  The Forsaken
        9/4/93   --  Dramatis Personae
        9/11/93  --  In the Hands of the Prophets
        9/18/93  --  The Nagus
        9/25/93  --  SEASON PREMEIRE (Title unknown)

.............

HIGHLANDER EPISODE GUIDE -- SEASON ONE 
 
Original by Bill Reeves -- breeves@oracle.com 
Additions by Obie Slotterbeck -- obie@hirama.hiram.edu, Roderick Lee -- 
rnlee@sdcc3.ucsd.edu, and Jonathan Blum -- jblum@eng.umd.edu.  Additional 
information taken from the Net. 
 
REGULAR CAST:
Adrian Paul as Duncan Macleod 
Alexandra Vandernoot as Tessa No:el (that's an umlaut over the o) 
Stan Kirsch as Richie Ryan 
 
TEXT FROM THE BEGINNING OF EACH EPISODE:
 
First form (6 episodes):
I am Duncan Macleod, born 400 years ago in the highlands of Scotland.  I am 
Immortal, and I am not alone.  For centuries we have waited for the time of 
the Gathering, when the stroke of a sword and the fall of a head will 
release the power of the Quickening.  In the end, there can be only one. 
 
Second form:
I was born 400 years ago in the highlands of Scotland.  I am Immortal, and 
I am not alone.  Now is the time of the Gathering, when the stroke of a 
sword will release the power of the Quickening.  In the end, there can be 
only one. 
 
Short Episode Listing 
--------------------- 
01  The Gathering                    03R Road Not Taken (repeat) 
02  Innocent Man                     04R Bad Day in Building A (repeat)
03  Road Not Taken                   06R Deadly Medicine (repeat) 
04  Bad Day in Building A            12  See No Evil 
05  Free Fall                        13  Band of Brothers 
06  Deadly Medicine                  14  For Evil's Sake 
07  Mountain Men                     15  For Tomorrow We Die 
08  Revenge is Sweet                 16  The Beast Below 
01R The Gathering (repeat)           17  Saving Grace 
09  The Sea Witch                    09R The Sea Witch (repeat) 
10  Eyewitness                       11R Family Tree (repeat) 
11  Family Tree                      10R Eyewitness (repeat) 
02R Innocent Man (repeat)            12R See No Evil (repeat) 
07R Mountain Men (repeat)            08R Revenge is Sweet (repeat) 
05R Free Fall (repeat)               18  The Lady and the Tiger 

EPISODE DETAILS 
--------------- 
Format  
 
#) Title 
Written by writer, directed by director 
Guest star actor as character 
Semi-regular actor as character 
Short plot summary 

01) The Gathering 
Written by Dan Gordon, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
Christopher Lambert as Connor Macleod 
Richard Moll as Slan Quince 
Wendell Wright as Sgt. Powell 
Connor Macleod comes to town to visit his kinsman Duncan, and together 
they fight the evil Slan Quince. 
 
02) Innocent Man 
Written by Dan Gordon, directed by Jorge Montesi 
John Novack as Sheriff Howard Crowley 
Victor Young as Lucas Desiree 
Vincent Schiavelli as Leo Atkins 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFarland 
Wendell Wright as Sgt. Powell 
Duncan's old friend Lucas Desiree is killed, and Vietnam vet Leo Atkins is 
framed for the murder.  Duncan must protect Leo and track down the real 
killer. 
 
03) Road Not Taken 
Written by Terry Nelson, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
Dustin Nguyen as Chu Lin 
Soon-teck Oh as Kiem Sun 
Wendell Wright as Sgt. Powell 
Christianne Hirt as Angie 
A friend of Richie's is killed by a mind control drug, and Duncan suspects 
an old friend could be behind it. 
 
04) Bad Day in Building A 
Written by Kevin Droney, directed by Jorge Montesi 
Andrew Divoff as Bryan Slade 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFrland 
Jay Brazeau as Comissioner Comanski 
Terrorists take over a courthouse and take Duncan, Tessa, and Richie as 
hostages.  When they decide to execute a hostage, they choose the wrong 
one... 
 
05) Free Fall 
Written by Philip John Taylor, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
Joan Jett as Felicia Martins 
Eli Gabay as Devereux 
Jay Brazeau as Comissioner Comanski 
An evil immortal pretends to be innocent in order to gain Duncan's trust, 
and endangers Tessa and Richie. 
 
06) Deadly Medicine 
Written by Robert L. McCullough, directed by Ray Austin 
Joe Pantoliano as Doctor Wilder 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFarland 
Duncan is critically injured in an auto accident -- when he makes a 
miraculous recovery, his E/R doctor takes an unhealthy interest in him. 
 
07) Mountain Men 
Written by Marie-Chantal Droney, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
Marc Singer as Caleb 
Wes Studi as Sheriff Benson 
John Dennis Johnston as Carl the Hermit 
Duncan must rescue Tessa, who's been taken captive by an immortal who has 
been hiding in the wilderness for years. 
 
08) Revenge is Sweet 
Written by Loraine Despres, directed by Ray Austin 
Vanity as Rebecca Lord 
Christoph Ohrt as Walter Reinhardt 
Christianne Hirt as Angie 
Tim Reid as Sgt. Bennett 
An old enemy of Duncan's uses his former girlfriend as a tool to get 
Duncan's head. 
 
09) The Sea Witch 
Written by David Tynan, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
Stephen Macht as Alexei Voshin 
Johannah Newmarch as Nikki 
One of Richie's friends from the old neighborhood is involved in a drug 
deal gone bad, with one of Duncan's old enemies behind the deal. 
 
10) Eyewitness 
Written by David Tynan, directed by Ray Austin 
Tom Butler as Andrew Ballin 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFarland 
Tim Reid as Sgt. Bennett 
Tessa witnesses a murder and becomes the target of an immortal crooked cop. 
 
11) Family Tree 
Written by Kevin Droney, directed by Jorge Montesi 
J.E. Freeman as Joe Scanlon 
Peter Deluise as Clinch 
Tamsin Kelsey as Mrs. Gustavson 
Matthew Walker as Duncan's father 
While trying to help Richie find his father, Duncan has painful memories 
of his own past. 
 
12) See No Evil 
Written by Brian Clemens, directed by Thomas J. Wright 
John Hertzler as Marcus Korolus 
Dee McCafferty as the Scalper 
Moira Walley as Natalie Ward 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFarland 
Tim Reid as Sgt. Bennett 
Duncan becomes involved in a series of murders which are similar to several 
he witnessed in the 1920's. 
 
13) Band of Brothers 
Written by Marie-Chantal Droney, directed by Rene Manzor 
Werner Stocker as Darius 
James Horan as Grayson 
Earl Pastko as Victor Paulus 
Amanda Wyss as Randi McFarland 
Duncan must protect a world-famous philanthropist from assassination by an 
ancient evil immortal. 
 
14) For Evil's Sake 
Written by David Abramowitz and Fabrice Ziolkowski, directed by Ray Austin 
Peter Howitt as Kuyler 
Hugues Leforestier as Inspector Lebrun 
An immortal assassin strikes in modern-day Paris, and the police officer in 
charge of the investigation believes Duncan is involved. 
 
15) For Tomorrow We Die 
Written by Philip John Taylor, directed by Robin Davis 
Roland Gift as Xavier St Cloud 
Werner Stocker as Darius 
Hugues Leforestier as Inspector Lebrun 
Duncan must stop an immortal thief and murderer who targets Tessa's art 
fundraiser with a nerve gas time bomb. 
 
16) The Beast Below 
Written by Marie-Chantal Droney, directed by Daniel Vigne 
Christian Van Acker as Ursa 
Dee Dee Bridgewater as Carolyn 
Werner Stocker as Darius 
An immortal who lives in the sewers underneath Paris falls under the spell 
of an opera siner, who asks him to kill for her. 
 
17) Saving Grace 
Written by Elizabeth Baxter and Martin Broussellet, directed by Ray Austin 
Julia Stemberger as Grace 
Georges Corraface as Carlos Cendero 
Werner Stocker as Darius 
Duncan protects an old flame (and we do mean old) from her possessive 
immortal lover. 
 
18) The Lady and the Tiger 
Written by Philip John Taylor, directed by Robin Davis 
Elizabeth Gracen as Amanda 
Jason Isaacs as Zachary Blaine 
An immortal femme-fatale is planning a major robbery, but must contend with 
both Duncan and her former partner, who wants her head. 
  
LIST OF IMMORTALS 
----------------- 
Duncan Macleod (episodes 1-18) 
Connor Macleod (1) 
Slan Quince (1) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Lucas Desiree (2) (deceased, killed by Howard Cromley) 
Howard Crowley (2) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Kiem Sun (3) 
Felicia Martins (5) 
Devereux (5) (deceased, killed by Felicia Martins) 
Caleb (7) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Carl the Hermit (7) (deceased, killed by Caleb) 
   (there is some debate as to Carl's immortality) 
Walter Reinhardt (8) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Alexei Voshin (9) (deceased, killed by his ship's propellors) 
Andrew Ballin (10) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Marcus Korolus (12) (deceased, killed by Duncan in the 1920's) 
Grayson (13) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Darius (13,15-17) 
Kuyler (14) (deceased, killed by Duncan) 
Xavier St Cloud (15) (dis-armed by Duncan) 
Ursa (16) 
Grace (17) 
Carlos Cendero (17) (deceased, beheaded by subway train) 
Amanda (18) 
Zachary Blaine (18) (deceased, killed by Amanda) 
 
... And a couple of HIGHLANDER spoilers for season two from 
sjgavula@terminator.rs.itd.umich.edu:
     JIM BYRNES (Lifeguard on WISE GUYS), will be seen in some of the first 
episodes of season two.  The recurring character will be a good "Watcher" 
in contrast to those evil "Watchers" (formerly "Hunters").
     Also showing up will be RON PERLMAN (Vincent from BEAUTY AND THE 
BEAST), will play the immortal of the week in the fifth episode to be 
produced for season two.  No episode titles are available yet.

..............

     Reports are that the sixth season of RED DWARF takes place mostly on 
Starbug, as Lister and Rimmer (who spends time as "solid light") 
looking for Red Dwarf.  There's no Holly, but we will see the 
stimulants (robot antagonists who "pull your head off and spit down 
the stump") and a virtual reality episode set in the Wild West. 
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!9!--  Publications and Conventions
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
     
CV has no connection with any of these magazines, other than the fact that 
we know they're out there.  (If we know more than that, we'll say so.)  We 
are listing them as a public service, and make no warrantee as to their 
quality or reliability.

To have a publication listed, send a SHORT but complete description to 
xx133@cleveland.freenet.edu.

............

Quanta, has been awarded the Digital Quill by the Digital Publishing 
Assiciation, and in our opinion, they deserve it.  You can pick up this 
magazine of fiction by FTP from ftp.eff.org or export.acs.amu.edu.  You 
also request e-mail subscription from  quanta@andrew.cmu.edu 

The APA DIMENTIA is looking for new writers.  The idea is that entities 
from all sorts of timestreams communicate via letters and diaries sent by 
interdimensional fax machines sent by the sorcerer/wizrard "Procavia."  
Writings are ENTIRELY in character, and writers are not to give away their 
real identities to anyone but the managing editor.  The dues are $5 per 
year, and the minimum activity is four pages, in character, every four 
months, if we read it right.  Issues have been running 150-200 pages.  For 
more information or to join, write to:  Apa Dimentia, c/o Emory Churness, 
2705 N. Shepard #1, Milwaukee, WI  53211 USA.

The first issue of MINDSPARKS should be out by now.  From what we've heard, 
the monthly newsletter has an emphasis on the science of science fiction, 
carrying fiction and nonfiction, the latter including articles on straight 
science that can be or has been incorporated into science fiction or about 
the scientists and writers themselves.  For more information on 
subscriptions or submissions, contact MINDSPARKS, P.O. Box 1379, Laurel MD 
20725-1379.

According to Issue 72 of ANSIBLE, MILLION: THE MAGAZINE ABOUT POPULAR 
FICTION (which has seen its subscriptions dwindle) will be combining with 
INTERZONE.  Certain mainstays of M:TMAPF will make their way over to 
INTERZONE, but the magazine "will not change it's nature."  MILLION 
subscribers will get INTERZONE.
............

CONVENTIONS
............

Convention listings are provided as a public service to our readers.  Cyberspace
Vanguard makes no warranty as to the reliability of the information -- or the
cons, for that matter.  We have not checked out these cons and are not
affiliated with them in any way.  

Listings should be sent to xx133@cleveland.freenet.edu.  They should be in the
following form:

CONVENTION NAME:  Dates; Hotel; City, State, Country; GUESTS; Rates (Please
indicate currency.  $30 is thirty US dollars.  #30 is thirty pounds sterling);
Address, including country; Telephone; E-mail address, if any; Comments --
PLEASE, 150 characters of less!

-!-

VISIONS '93:  November 26-28; Hyatt Regency O'Hare Hotel; Chicago, IL  USA; JON
PERTWEE, PETER DAVISON, COLIN BAKER, SYLVESTER MCCOY, FRAZER  HINES, ELIZABETH
SLADEN, NICOLA BRYANT, SOPHIE ALDRED, LOHN LEVENE,  CAROLE ANN FORD, ANTHONLY
AINLEY, JEREMY BENTHAM, JEAN-MARC LOFFICIER,  JOHN PEEL, JOHN NATHAN TURNER,
DANNY JOHN-JULES, GARETH THOMAS,  MICHAEL KEATING, JOHN ABINERI, JEREMY BULLOCH;
(deadline/3 day/2 day/1  day) 11-1-93/$85/$75/$65, door/$100/$90/$80; Her
Majesty's  Entertainment, PO Box 1202, Highland Park, IL 60035 USA;
fergus@areaplg2.corp.mot.com 

FARPOINT (formerly OktoberTrek): October 9-10, 1993; Marriott's Hunt Valley
Inn; Cockeysville, Maryland USA (12 miles north of Baltimore); GEORGE TAKEI,
JOHN DELANCIE, and more; $30 for pre-order 3-day ticket, also
sold at door; Farpoint, 5657 Utrecht Road, Baltimore, MD 21206 USA; (410)
866-5516

WISHCON III: November 19-21, 1993; Sheraton Monarch (413) 781-1010; Springfield,
Mass. USA; ARMIN SHIMERMAN, WALTER KOENIG, JONATHAN HARRIS, JOHN LEVENE, MELISSA
CRANDALL, BOB GREENBERGER, CORTLAND HULL, RON D. MOORE (tent.), MARK OKRAND
(tent.), KEN PENDERS, and ARNE STARR; Advance ('till Oct. 15th): $35/Weekend,
Door: $40/Weekend, $20/One Day, Reserved Seating: $10 extra (total $45).  By
mail only, cut off Oct. 15th (or sooner if sold out), Saturday Night Banquet:
$23 by mail only;  Checks to K & P Productions, 500 Monroe Turnpike, Monroe, CT
06468. Ticketmaster also has week end and one day passes available at the same
prices, though service charges may apply.  Call (413) 733-2500 or (617)
931-2000.  NO Reserved seats at the door or through TIcketmaster.  NO one-day
passes available through the mail; (203) 459-0413 for information -- use numbers
above for phone-in tickets;  Chreotho@cup.portal.com.  To receive Progress
Reports, please include an SASE and register by mail. 

MILFORD SF WRITER'S CONFERENCE: September 12-19, 1993; has been cancelled

FANTASYCON XVIII: October 1-3, 1993; Birmingham UK; #30, or for BFS members -
#20; 137 Priory Rd., Hall Green, Birmingham, B28 0TG, UK

ARMADACON V: November 12-14, 1993; Astor Hotel; The Hoe, Plymouth, UK; Various
guests, all 'subject to work commitments'; #20; 4 Gleneagle Ave., Mannamead,
Plymouth, PL3 5HL UK

MASQUE III (costume con): March 4-6, 1994; Stakis Victoria Hotel;
Nottingham, UK; ; Advance (to December 30, 1993) - #20; Ednaston Ct,
Ashbouorne, Derbyshire DE6 3BA UK

CORFLU NOVA (fanzine con): May 20-22, 1994; Arlington, VA USA; $47;
P.O. Box 1350 Germantown, MD 20875.  Corflu plans to exhume a long-dead
horror: the partly rugose and partly squamous Fanzine Activity Achievement
Awards
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

--!10!-- Administrivia
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

     Yes, it's a big one.  I wonder how many of you actually stuck it out 
this long ...
     Well, for those of you who did, thanks.  We also want to thank Carol 
(wangc@cpsc.ucalgary.ca), without whose newsgathering skill this would be 
impossible, Elizabeth Jenkins (est@lingua.cltr.uq.oz.au), Linda E. Smit 
(LINDAESM@uga.cc.uga.edu), sjgavula@terminator.rs.itd.umich.edu, Mike Hill, 
and of course Evelyn C. Leeper.

As always, electronic subscriptions to Cyberspace Vanguard are free and can 
be obtained by dropping a note to cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu.  If you 
would like to write for us (or do anything else, for that matter) feel free 
to contact us at xx133@cleveland.freenet.edu.

Also, for those who missed the last issue, the paper version of CV is on 
hold temporarily.  No checks have been or will be cashed until we are up 
and running on paper.  (Unless you want to send donations, of course.)

Until next time,

THANKS A MILLION

----  TJ Goldstein, Editor



--
                     CYBERSPACE VANGUARD MAGAZINE
           News and Views from the Science Fiction Universe
TJ Goldstein, Editor      |   Send submissions, questions, comments to
  tlg4@po.cwru.edu        |         cn577@cleveland.freenet.edu
