Anatomy of a Blinkie (Blinkus Nightimus)

The Blinkie, in its simplest description, is a safety device used readily on
highways and roads to signal oncoming traffic of construction. What the Blinkie
does is simple: It begins to pulsate light (blink) whenever the daylight falls
to an unacceptable level (dusk). They are trophies valued highly by
kleptomaniacs. For more information of the actual capturing of a blinkie, call
Turd at (713) 531-9841. This phile will only concentrate on the anatomy of a
blinkie.


External:
                   _
                  |            @
                  |         +++++++                    Key
                  |       ++ooooooo++
                  |      ++ooooooooo++                o = Orange Dispersing
     Head Unit ---|     ++ooooooooooo++                   Material
                  |    @+ooooooooooooo+@              + = Orange Reflecting
                  |     ++ooooooooooo++                   Material
                  |      ++ooooooooo++                @ = Screw
                  |       ++ooooooo++
               _  |_        @+++++@
              |            /       \
              |     /------         ------\
              |    |           *           |          * = On/Off Switch
              |    |          ___          |          - = Fastening Screw
 Base Unit ---|    |_________/ _ \_________|              |     |        \___/        |
              |     |                     |
              |_    |_____________________|



  The head unit consists of a hollow circular reflector whose main use is to
amplify the bulb's blinks while reflecting back car head lights so as to signal
to driver of oncoming traffic danger (construction, what have you).
  The base unit consists of an upper and lower compartment (for easy opening).
The base unit houses two industrial heavy-duty 6 volt lantern batteries. These,
of course, power the blinking circuit (more on that later).

Internal:



                               @
                            +++++++
                          ++       ++
                         ++         ++
                        ++    |*<----------------  Bayonet mount bulb
                       @+     |!|     +@
                        ++    |!|    ++
                         ++   |!|   ++
                          ++  |!<----------------  Wire (no shit?)
                            @ |$<----------------  Light Detector
                           /  |!|  \
                    /------   |!|   ------\
                   |  -(-+)---------(+-)-  | _
                   | |~~~~~~|| * ||~~~~~~| |  |
                   | |      ||___||      | |  |
                    ||  6v  |     |  6v  ||   |--  Dual Batteries
                    ||______|  ^  |______||  _|
                    |__________|__________|
                               |
                                -----------------  Circuitry and Switch


  The light sensor and circuitry (nothing more than a simple 555 timer) work
together to regulate the blinkie's blink. Power comes from the two batteries
located in the base unit. The bottom section of the base unit is removable,
making battery changes easy. For easy transport, (and stealing) there is a
secret way to turn the blinkie off. Take a paper clip and extend one of the
sides making a long poker. Insert into the hole located in the middle of the
upper section of the base unit. Press in until you hear a click. The blinkie is
now off. Turning it back on is just as simple. The benefits of this is in the
blinkie run itself (described in detail in another phile).

Well that's it. The author takes no responsibility of the actions of the
readers of this phile. Fuck up the City Of Houston all you want, just don't
blame it on me.

Toxic Waste <>

-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
I would like to thank Satan for inspiring me to write this phile. Death to
all fags and munchies out there (Skeeve the Magician, The Raven, and just
about EVERYONE in 713). Fuck you.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
Copyright 1989                                        All Rights Worth Shit
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-


Coming soon...

 o Prime Blinkie Zones in 713
 o Captain Crapp's Guide to Sneaky Thievery

