The ANUS Phone Book
09/09/89


Disk Doctor

     Glynne Tolar
     2417 Georgia
     Deer Park, Texas 77536
     (713) 479-6069  (voice)
     (713) 476-9998  (board)

Kenny Breiner

     Kenny Breiner
     3434 Oyster Cove
     Missouri City, Texas 77459
     (713) 499-0002  (voice)
     (713) 825-1106  (car)
     (713) 971-6261  (pager)
     (713) 499-7481  (board)
     (713) 666-1816  (line 2)

     Take Highway 6 south to Murphy.  Take a left on Murphy.
Go on until Hampton, where you will take a right.  Take
Hampton to Oyster Cove.  Breiner is a photographer
(cameraman) with Channel 13, to whom you can send
information or call with information at:

     Channel 13
     3310 Bissonnet
     Houston, Texas 77005
     (713) 666-0713


Steve Ragsdale

     Steve Ragsdale
     646 Overbluff
     Channelview, Texas 77530
     (713) 452-4939  (voice)
     (713) 452-0346  (board)
     (713) 452-2961  (also)

     Take I-10 east until you reach the Beltway 8.  Go north
on Beltway 8 until you reach a street called Woodford.  Go
right on Woodford until you reach Overbluff.  Take a left on
Overbluff.  His house is a red dump on the right side of the
road, usually obscured by a host of pickup trucks.


The Raven

     Dan Perez
     4110 Roseland
     Houston, Texas 77006
     (713) 521-3186

     Take Augusta east until you pass the Montrose.  Hang a
right on the first street after the Montrose.  It's an
apartment complex built out of a house almost to the next
through street.  It is one of the house apartments.

Doctor Doom

     Paul Hutmacher
     4110 Roseland
     Houston, Texas 77006
     (713) 526-0612  (voice)
     (713) 526-0714  (board)

Same directions as for Perez, but this apartment is over the
garage.

The Badger

     Keith Christian
     10901 Meadowglen
     Houston, Texas 77042
     (713) 782-2619  (voice)
     (713) 782-2704  (board)

Take Westheimer to Gessner.  Take a right on Gessner, and go
south for five residential streets.  The fifth is
Meadowglen.



The Ringmaster

     Mike Ray
     8318 Gulfspring
     Houston, Texas 77075
     (713) 991-2140  (voice)
     (713) 991-0330  (main)

Take the 610 Loop south to Telephone.  Take Telephone south
to Fuqua.  At Fuqua, hang a left.  Go east for a while.
Take a right on Gulf Valley.  Go south for about five
streets on Gulf Valley until you come to Gulfspring.



Skeeve the Magician/Floppy Wizard

     Joey Boyle
     9330 Benning
     Houston, Texas 77031
     (713) 777-2128  (voice)
     (713) 777-3076  (main)


Take Gessner south to Willow Meadow, which is a few streets
after South Braeswood.  Take a right on Willow Meadow.  Go
straight until Silkwood appears.  Turn left.  Take Silkwood
straight to Benning, where you will take a right.  The house
is about two houses from the opposite end of the block on
the right side.  About forty feet away is the turn-off for a
quick getaway.  This area is rarely patrolled (in case you
run stop signs compulsively).

Captain Crapp
ANUS





