
------------------------------------
by James Harrison
UPI News Services
------------------------------------

     MIDLAND (UPI) - Today, this
peaceful Texas town was shaken by
violent  student action at a local
high school.   Harry M. Truman High
School, of the 1200 block of Main,
was closed after students reported
seized control of the library and
some surrounding areas, local and
federal police said.
     "We have information that
approixmately 40 students armed with
homemade and stolen weapons
attempted a coup yesterday
afternoon," said FBI investigator
Robert Harks.  "They were
unsuccessful, but managed to take
control of the library and some
surrounding areas before state and
local police arrived," he said.
     Harks added that although the
library was still under control of
the student group, which calls
itself The Freedom Coalition, plans
are underway to bring kids back to
school.
     "The local school authorities
have assured me that the students
will be back to school by next
Monday," Harks said, "and I am sure
that by that time we will have
eliminated the threat that these
delinquent members of society pose
to our community."
     Frank Hurman, Principal of
Truman High School, said that he
agreed with the actions of the
federal and local officers and would
cooperate fully.
     "I think that these policemen
are doing a wonderful job of trying
to preserve order in a time like
this," he said, "and I am in full
agreement with the steps they are
taking and will help them to the
best of my ability."
     Hurman said that he didn't know
"what got into those individuals" or
why they decided to take over the
library.
     "I definitely feel that they
were targeting the library and our
librarians in some fashion," he
said.  "I do not know why," Hurman
added.
     Harks said that he was not sure
of the focus of the violence.
     "At this time, it would be
premature to assume what their
objective is," he said.  "As any
expert on this sort of situation
like myself knows, terrorists often
have motives that do not manifest
themselves immediately.  On the
basis of this information, I cannot
tell you what they are after.  I can
tell you that they are violent,"
said Harks.
     According to police and federal
agents, a group of 30-40 students
gathered outside the library early
Wednesday morning, equipped with
backpacks that turned out to be full
of weapons.
     Marsha Hendricks, a sophomore,
was one of the students who was at
the scene of the violence.   She had
to fight back tears as she spoke
with reporters.
     "There were these people, I
knew some of them," she said, "just
standing around (the library).  And
I was talking to a friend, and we
were about to go into school, and I
looked over, and this guy just
pulled a gun out of his backpack."
     Hendricks said that at that
point, the violence began.
     "...everyone out there had a
gun, and one guy just blew the
security guard's head off.  It was
awful.  Then, they just broke in,
right into the library, and I heard
more shooting.  I saw Mrs. Lambard
falling.  I don't know what
happened after that.  I ran.  It was
a nightmare."
     The security guard's body was
thrown from a second story window
earlier today, but police have not
yet released details.  Lambard's
whereabouts are unknown.
     John Fries was standing outside
the library when the shooting
started.  He is the only witness to
a killing that has baffled police
investigators.
     "I was standing outside, with
some friends, and I heard some
popcorn popping-noises.  I looked
up, and I saw Mr. Huxley (a
librarian) standing by a window, and
then the window just...shattered,
and he fell down inside.  He was
covered with blood," Fries said.
     No one else actually saw the
shooting, say police.  Fries is
adamant about it.
     "See that window up there?" he
said, pointing.  "It's all shot
out," said Fries.  "That was where
they shot him.  But all these police
dudes say is that there is no
evidence.  I know what I saw."
     Investigators still know
precious little about the case.   All
that has been verified, said Harks,
was that there was an attack and
that there is at least one person
still shooting from the second story
of the library.
     "There is at least one heavily
armed individual inside that
building," he said.  "However, at
this time I cannot tell you how many
people or who was involved.  Most of
the students left when the shooting
started.  All that we have is the
testimony of several scared
teenagers, and I can't make arrests
on that."
     Harks said that police are now
systematically searching for who
might be involved.
     "We are calling homes," he
said, "but it will take time."
     Investigators do not expect a
major break until at least Friday.
     Earlier today, a tape with
demands supposedly from The Freedom
Coalition was sent to local
newcasters.  On the tape was a list
of demands, including the ability to
talk and have group study in the
library, and to remove the power of
librarians across America.
     Part of the tape was a caustic
criticism of America's librarians.
     "We have experienced the
unfairness and cruelty of high
school librarians.  You are the
people who give us detentions for
talking in the libraries, even
though it is necessary for our
studies.  You hold too much power,
and it has corrupted you.  In view
of this, we condemn your actions and
demand your removal," the tape said.
     Although investigators insist
that the investigation is moving on
schedule, there are still skeptics.
     "I think they're just wasting
time," said Elaine Hendricks, mother
of Marsha Hendricks, a witness to
the attack.  "They're calling my
little girl a liar, ignoring what
she has to say, while some crazy
people out there are getting away
with murder.  I mean it.  There's no
excuse for this dawdling," said
Hendricks.
     Fries agreed.  "I know what I
saw," he said, "but they don't know
what they're seeing."


