The New World Reader
An Electronic Idealetter

Statement of Purpose-

NWR is an electronic publication for those people who think about the
issues and ideas of science, philosophy, history, and religion.  The
special focus of NWR is the future of science and society.  Our feature
articles will deal with issues pertaining to how science and technology is
shaping any aspect of human life.  Moral and ethical problems associated
with the advance of the human understanding of nature are of particular
interest.  NWR constantly asks the question: "Where is the human race
going?"  Our outlook is positive; we have an abiding hope that the next
century will be best that humankind has ever seen.

Submission Guidelines-

If you have a feature article or an idea for one please contact us at
NEWORLDR@aol.com.  We ask that submissions be kept to around 1000 words.
If the subject requires more space, then something can be worked out.  We
would like to keep the issues of NWR short enough to be read conveniently
in about ten minutes.  We also ask that feature authors send a brief (25
word) biographical description of themselves.

Those of you sending comments, letters, science news items, book reviews,
etc. please observe a 500 word limit.  "Science Currents" should be items
of general scientific interest and hopefully have some social significance
as well.  "Book Reviews" are just that, your opinion about a book you have
read.  We are looking for reviews of popular science books in particular.

The NWR editorial staff reserves the right to edit any submission.  We vow
not to change the meaning or intent of any submission.  We my also reject
any submission without notification to the author.

NWR retains the copyright on each whole issue and any contributions by its
staff.  Submissions from other authors are not subject to our copyright and
remain the intellectual property of their author.  You may use your
submissions as you will in the future.

Subscription Information-

NWR is currently (Jan. 95) published monthly, but bi-weekly publication is
our goal by 1996.  Each issue is distributed freely via e-mail.  Free
subscriptions can be had by writing our subscription department at
NEWORLDR@aol.com.  Current and back issues of NWR are available via
anonymous ftp at ftp.etext.org.

One Last Thing-

The Internet is a fabulous opportunity to open up the world of publishing
to the penniless and destitute.  But just because something is free does
not mean that correspondingly its quality is low.  We at NWR believe that
the best way to ensure quality in the free electronic press is by
establishing recognized seals of approval.  We will work hard to see that
NWR becomes one such seal by Internet readers.  We hope you will be proud
to include in your vita anything which is accepted by NWR for publication.

Trevor Austin, Editor of NWR

