            ษ*อออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ*อป
            บ                                      บ
            บ      A REALITY CHECK ON ANARCHY      บ
            บ                                      บ
            บ                  OR                  บ
            บ                                      บ
            บ HOW TO BE AN ANARCHIST & STILL AVOID บ
            บ             A PRISON TERM            บ
            ฬออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออน
            บ           FROM THE DESK OF:          บ
            บ                                      บ
            บ         ** MIDNIGHT RIDER **         บ
            ศ*อออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออออ*อผ
             * Find me at:                       *
             *                                   *
             * Kaos BBS (xxx) xxx-9561           *
             *                                   *
             * Asagard BBS (xxx) xxx-3371        *
             * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *

** A minor disclaimer; In this text I use all forms of the
masculine in reference to he/she him/her man/woman. Any woman who
may be offended by my unwillingness to spend the extra time
required in typing that type of bullshit should quit reading now.
If just reading this disclaimer is enough to offend you, send me
E-mail at one of the above locations and I'll set up an
appointment for you to blow me. **

INTRO - WHO AM I? WHAT IS THIS CRAP?

      Good questions to ask. I am ME. As for statistics; I'm 31,
live near a major city, work in a "white collar" job, have 10
years Navy experience in electronics/computers & radar. As for my
experience/reputation as an Anarchist; I'm the guy you look and
say "How the fuck does he get away with all that bullshit?". I
have been living on the outskirts of society all my life. At
several points in my life, I tried to be "normal", to be like
everyone else, to "fit in". I finally realized the futility of
these efforts. I'm not like everyone else, I'm better! I've
studied the thinking and beliefs of every group I could find that
appeared to live outside the norm. Satanists, Anarchists,
Musicians, Witches, Criminals... They've all given me pieces of
what I am today. I don't know that I now fit into any certain
group. If I do, it would be a very secret and elite group. I know
the power of the human mind and body and I know how to use it and
control it. I know how to live outside society and I know how to
walk right through the middle of it without being noticed. This
article (possibly a series of articles) is a compilation of
observations, opinions, and, wherever possible, factual
information. I don't expect most people would agree with any or
all I have to say here. Most people do not have the level of
understanding and knowledge I have obtained. I share this with
you in the hopes that those of you who belong in this group will
gain some insight and if needed, some direction. Feel free to E-
mail me and express your arguments, disagreements or support.
Through this manner I may consistently learn and grow more
powerful.

PART I - WHAT IS ANARCHY?

ANARCHY (noun): insurrection, lawlessness, mobocracy, ochlocracy,
revolution, chaos, bedlam, disorder, tumult
ANARCHY (antonym): discipline, order

     To be an anarchist implies the practice of all of the former
and to lack the latter. This seems to be taken to the extreme by
the majority of those who choose to call themselves anarchist.
Unfortunately, to practice anarchy without any order or
discipline is more indicative of a rebellious teen attitude than
a developed practice of anarchist belief.

     I have searched through the anarchy files of a number of
BBS's in the hopes of gleaning some useful information. What I
find instead are the immature ramblings of what seems to be a
group of 16 year old metal heads trying to find their way through
life, or possibly, someone older who has still not defined where
he is in the world. Files like "How to trash K-mart" or "How to
trash your school" have no place in the anarchists library. The
true anarchist is simply a person who is unlike "the majority"
and senses the unfairness of having to conform to the rules of
society.

     Don't misread me or be offended. It is not my intention to
degrade anyone. It IS my intention to make the distinction
between "Teenage Fun" (regardless of the age you may be when
practicing such antics) and true Anarchy. There are those of you
who might say that teenage fun does not go to the degree of
explosives and killing. I disagree! It depends on which group of
teenagers you choose. "Fun" is reckless and serves little useful
purpose other than to entertain or alleviate boredom. Anarchy is
the method through which we (the Anarchists) attempt to live with
and among the idiots around us.

     The first belief of the Anarchist must be that he is
"different" from most of the population. He must understand that
he is, in most respects, better than them. He must know and
understand that *most* people (i.e. non-anarchists  or  the
general population, including government and law enforcement) are
mindless idiots who follow a pattern of life rather than to think
independently.

     For the most part, it is the idiots who hold much of the
power. They are the majority! There is strength in numbers.
Numerous battles have proven the power of numbers over
technology. Unfortunately, it is technology on which the
Anarchist must rely. In doing so, he immediately is at a
disadvantage. Conversely, the Anarchist is far more intelligent
than society. It is throughout the use of this intelligence that
he manages to exploit the loopholes found in common law and
accepted norm.

     Some common traits of the Anarchist:

          1) He is considered "weird" by most people

          2) He has an above average IQ

          3) He feels a sense of "not belonging"

          4) He has little tolerance for ignorance and stupidity

          5) He is not afraid of life or death

          6) He feels emotion more strongly than others

          7) He is an opportunist

     Most of that is pretty self explanatory, but I will expound
on a few of those points. On the first point, the distinction
should be made between the Anarchist "weird" and the "loser -
weird". Some people (losers) act weird for attention. Acting
retarded is the only thing they can do well enough to get
recognized. The Anarchist is "weird" because he cannot and will
not conform to the rules and laws of "normal" society. This ties
in closely with point three. Society has set certain standards
for how one should dress or act at social functions, on the job,
in school, in public, etc. These standards are set by the
majority (and we've already established that the majority is
nothing but a large group of ignorant assholes), and are designed
to control the actions of those who are largely incapable of
independent thinking. The Anarchist cannot conform to these
standards because he *is* capable of independent thinking. This
is not to say that he must lack social grace entirely, but rather
that he is his true self at all times. The Anarchist is not
hypocritical in his actions or words. The last line should not be
misinterpreted in any way to mean that an Anarchist chooses to
die. It means exactly what it says, that he does not fear death.
The Anarchist understands and accepts the inevitability of death.
To a large degree, one cannot choose when one will die, however
one should not live his life either towards or away from death.
Do not be so foolish or reckless as to cause your own death for
lack of caring!

PART II - WHEN DO I GET TO BLOW THINGS UP?

     In essence, you don't. At least, you cannot cause damage
without purpose. The Anarchist feels all emotions to their
extremes and acts accordingly. If someone earns your love and/or
respect, show them that to every extreme possible. Likewise, if
someone earns your hatred, destroy them completely. Death is not
a recommended means of destroying enemies, it frees them from the
potential suffering they may have endured at your hands. It also
increases your chances for jail time. There is no statute of
limitations on murder. (It is possible to kill someone, if
necessary, without risking internment. In time, I may reveal
these methods to those who are capable). Everything the Anarchist
must have purpose in his life. Actions that are clearly illegal
are rarely as effective as those actions which may fall within a
more "grey" area of legality. An Anarchist cannot be effective
within the confines of a jail cell. Fortunately, most people are
sufficiently paranoid enough that, with the proper inducement,
they will destroy themselves! So, one of the first items the
Anarchist must carry in his bag of tricks is a clear
understanding of human psychology. He must learn to "read"
people. He is frequently "the quiet type" because he is too busy
watching and reading others to participate in their endless
psychobable. Drawing attention to yourself by spouting off at the
mouth or through foolish actions is counterproductive. The less
you speak and act, the more difficult it is for others to read
you! Let them wonder what you're up to!

PART III - WHEN DO I GET TO STEAL STUFF?

     When appropriate. See number 7 under common traits. Ripping
things off is sometimes the only reasonable means of procurement.
Especially if you need something that would be illegal to buy,
or, if you need something that you don't want traced back to you.
The idiots who own businesses, especially large corporations,
will milk you for every dime. The only way to even the odds is to
rip off what you can, and pay for what you have to. This should
help make up for the price gouging. As an opportunist, you should
always be on the lookout for possibilities. When you're driving,
take an extra minute to cruise through an area that's a little of
the beaten path. When you're in a business, look around for easy
targets. Check the vending machines. You'd be surprised how often
people forget to lock them! Sometimes, a machine is out of order
and works to your favor. Be alert and take advantage of other
peoples mistakes. A word of warning though, Sometimes, these
"opportunities" are left as traps. Make sure you know the
situation before you spring on something. It's much better to
walk away than to get busted!

PART IV - WHAT SHOULD I *NOT* DO?

     OK. Here's my current list of Anarchist no-no's. It is by no
means complete. By all means, common sense and the quest for
continued freedom a paramount.

  1) Do *not* believe that you can download 500 Anarchy
     files and not attract the attention of Law enforcement.
     The feds frequently monitor BBS's (as does the FCC). If
     they suspect you are a *real* threat they will find
     you!

  2) Do *not* (as one file suggested) walk into a bank and
     shoot the guard "to prove you are serious". The cops
     will be there before you leave and you will only
     "prove" that you are seriously stupid.

  3) Do *not* try to pull of some ATM scam and ignore the
     fact that nearly ALL ATM's have camera's built into
     them. Most ATM rip-off files I've seen totally ignore
     this.

  4) Do *not* experiment with making explosives in your
     house unless you are VERY sure of what you're doing.
     Many of the explosives "recipes" you can D/L are pure
     bullshit. At best, they don't work. At worst, they are
     highly unstable! If you've got to play, go out to your
     garage or somewhere.

  5) Many of the files that discuss how to fuck with people
     or get revenge say nothing of how one might accomplish
     these tasks without drawing attention to themselves.
     There are 2 solid rules to follow when you're fucking
     with some deserving asshole. #1 is; You are only
     effective if they KNOW it's you that's fucking with
     them. #2 is; They must not have any *proof* that it was
     you who committed these acts.

  6) Breaking into cars. I have not seen any "breaking into
     cars" files that mention the all to common presence of
     an alarm. Especially around the bigger cities, nearly
     everyone that has a car worth breaking into, has an
     alarm. Fortunately, most commercial alarms are lame
     pieces of shit, but you DO have to get past them!

  7) Telephone games. A tap may be useful/necessary at

     times, unfortunately most files on tapping are
     unsatisfactory. Either the quality of transmission is
     poor or detection is too easy. Bullshit files on frying
     modems seem to ignore the fact that the phone company
     (and most computers) have spike protection.

PART V - THE BEGINNING

     I've said a lot about what's wrong with the common Anarchist
and talked about what not to do. I would hardly be in a position
to complain if I didn't have any solutions or answers. Some of
what I know, I won't tell (for reasons that may later become
obvious). Much of the information I will share with you is just
plain common sense thinking. If you have a problem with the
things I said above, you are probably more prankster than
Anarchist and have no place reading any future files. I will
share my formula for living *above* society, for as Anarchists,
we *KNOW* we are better than society! If you must label me, then
call me a "white collar" anarchist. I work more with technology
and loopholes than explosives and weaponry. I'll give you a small
taste of what I'm talking about before I end this first article.

PART VI - NETWORKING

     One of the simplest methods of accomplishing a given task is
also one of the best methods for avoiding detection. It is known
well in the business community. For those unfamiliar with the
term; Networking in it's simplest terms means "having the right
friends". Preferably, you'd network with other Anarchist. A non-
anarchist may not be willing to go along with something bordering
on illegal. Then again, if you are using a non-anarchist, you may
be able to get him to play along without realizing what he's
doing. Look through your current list of family, friends,
neighbors, acquaintances and co-workers. You may know people that
have access to information that's difficult to get. You may know
someone who owns a business or equipment that can be useful.
Private detectives, phone company employees (or any utility),
police officers, doctors, lawyers, pharmacists... almost anyone
has potential. Often it is worthwhile to "make friends" with
someone you may need later. It's imperative to have as many
network options as possible. One important point of networking;
*KNOW* the level of trust you can expect from any contact. The
more people you involve at any one time, the more likely it is
that someone will shoot off at the mouth. Whenever possible, work
alone!

PART VII - EPILOGUE

     I haven't given you a bunch of info that you can run out and
do anything special with, yet. In future series, I will discuss
specific subjects and methods for accomplishment. I am
considering doing a "review" of current Anarchy files at some
point in time. If you have, or know of, any files that you
believe to be particularly good or bad, E-mail me at one of the
above boards.

                     *** MIDNIGHT RIDER ***
