Chaos Corner V01N07 30Oct91

--------------------------------------------------
Chaos Corner thoughts

Chaos Corner returns!  Back from California, newly married, and having 
gotten a passing grade on the first exam in German, we are going to try 
changing the format a little bit.  Dr. Chaos was having trouble getting 
together the "perfect newsletter" (especially one that was 4-6 pages 
long), and we learned that readers were also having trouble digesting 
information in that large a chunk.  Therefore, we will experiment with 
producing the information in smaller chunks and in a bit more timely 
fashion than we have been in recent weeks.

--------------------------------------------------
German - Samstag and Sonnabend

The results of the great German survey are now in (thank you Walter)... 
the word used for "Saturday" is "Sonnabend" in the North and "Samstag" 
in the South.  Unless you happen to go very far south (and east) and end 
up in Vienna.  We guess that Saturday being considered as "Sunday Eve" 
in German goes a long way towards explaining why in English (which has a 
great deal in common with German) Christmas Eve is December 24th and not 
the evening of December 25th (the same thing applies to "All Hallows 
Eve"that is coming up on October 31 ... just before All Saints Day on 
November 1).

Seemingly Random and Similar Things

--------------------------------------------------
Macintosh stuff

Let's get the Macintosh stuff out of the way first.  The archive at the 
University of Michigan continues to grow.  You can signup as a frequent 
FTPer, and while you don't get credited with miles, you do get put on 
the mailing list for recent additions to the archives.  Send mail to

    mac-recent-request@mac.archive.umich.edu

to get added to the list.  Recent additions include a number of After 
Dark screensavers (including one that powers your Mac off after a 
certain interval); also, an application that creates yellow PostIt notes 
on your screen and allows you to cut and paste from them.

--------------------------------------------------
Macintosh and MacAstro

Dr. Chaos has heard of a shareware program for the Mac that allows the 
display of the sky, even on cloudy nights.  Included are the planets, 
Sun, Moon, and 2500 brightest objects (not on the display all at once).  
Has anyone tried this program?  It is available (shareware) from sumex-
aim.stanford.edu in /info-mac/app/mac-astro-15.hqx and we would be 
interested in any reactions people have about it.

--------------------------------------------------
Shoebox (for storing notes)

An interesting textual database management program has come to the 
attention of Dr. Chaos -- in the linguistics subdirectory of the 
wuarchive of the simtel20 mirror (that means it's in 
/mirrors/msdos/linguistics on the machine named wuarchive.wustl.edu) is 
file named sh12a.zip that when decompressed yields the program SHOEBOX.  
SHOEBOX has various features and we quote:     

  + A text editor for the entry and editing of data,
  + The ability to conduct very rapid searches; any data record can be
    accessed nearly instantaneously for editing or review,
  + A rigorous select option that allows the user to view only those
    records that conform to certain criteria,
  + The ability to specify a special sort ordering, taking into account
    groupings of digraphs and characters from the IMB extended
    character set,
  + A flash card function to aid in language learning,
  + Functions to number and interlinearize text.

Sounds like it may not be fancy but it may be useful for dealing with 
textual information (better than putting index cards into a shoebox, 
right?).  Dr. Chaos hopes to use the flashcard feature to learn the 
strong and irregular verbs in German.

--------------------------------------------------
Frequently Asked Questions -- where to get the answers

If you have read any of the Usenet newsgroups for any length of time, 
you know there are certain questions that come up over and over again.  
Some of the newsgroups organize a list of Frequently Asked Questions 
(FAQs) and their answers and post them to the network on some regular 
basis.  These FAQs are also collected and available via anonymous FTP 
from pit-manager.mit.edu in the usenet directory.  Look for postings 
either under the name of the newsgroup you are interested in, or under 
news.answers.

--------------------------------------------------
Word for Windows (W4W) upgrade to 2.0

Microsoft is currently taking telephone orders for the Word for Windows 
2.0 upgrade that is expected to ship just before the end of November.  
Once you get an operator, the process is pretty painless.  Dr. Chaos 
found that the regular 800 number was always busy, but the educational 
800 number allowed you to eventually get to the same people (if only the 
Cornell telephones had a re-dial feature like the telephone we got from 
Radio Shack).  Version 2.0 is supposed to really take advantage of 
Windows 3.0 (the previous version had to run with older Windows 
versions).

--------------------------------------------------
comp.unix.aix available in digest form via mail

The comp.unix.aix newsgroup is now available in digest form over BITNET.  
About twice a day, collected articles from comp.unix.aix are  
redistributed in digest form.  To subscribe: send mail to 
listserv@pucc.princeton.edu and in the body of the file place the line:

     sub aixnews your-firstname your-lastname

While you can t post items directly to AIXNEWS, you can send items to 
comp.unix.aix@cc.ysu.edu for forwarding to the usenet group.

--------------------------------------------------
Hockey discussion List

Now that the World Series is over, and the morning temperature is below 
0 (C), it is time to turn attention to the next season s sport Hockey!  
If you have considered joining the college hockey discussion list but 
considered that it would be too many mail files, consider subscribing to 
the newly created list HOCKEY-D.  It contains all the information in 
HOCKEY-L but clumped together in digest form.  To subscribe, send mail 
to listserv@maine.maine.edu with the following line in the body of the 
file:

     sub hockey-d your-firstname your-lastname

--------------------------------------------------
PC software for dealing with images (GIF and other formats)

Getting around to pictures and images, Cornell s own Homer Smith has 
recommended the GIF (and other format) viewer Graphic WorkShop (GWS).  
The program is on wuarchive.wustl.edu in /mirrors/msdos/graphics in a 
file named grafwk60.zip.  It allows on to zoom in on a particular part 
of a picture, a feature that Homer finds very desireable.

--------------------------------------------------
JPEG information

There are discussions flaming in a number of the picture-oriented 
newsgroups about the Joint Photographic Experts Group (JPEG) algorithm 
for compressing images.  There have been several informative postings 
and a lot of uninformed panic.  The summary seems to be that JPEG is 
"lossy" (meaning that some information is lost in the compression 
process).  The JPEG compression of gray-scale or full-color images is 
usually much smaller than many currently popular forms of compression.  
However, JPEG does not perform well when the image contains many sharp 
boundaries (e. g., scanned images of text).  JPEG is only a compression 
standard, not a file format standard.  The file format that seems to be 
gaining some popularity is called JFIF (JPEG File Interchange Format).  
A standard for JPEG in a TIFF format file is being worked on, but Dr. 
Chaos thinks it will be some time before anything results from that 
effort.  DOS users can experiment with JPEG files (they usually have a 
file extension of .jpe) if they get a program called alchemy -- get 
alchmy14.zip from the /mirrors/msdos/graphics directory on 
wuarchive.wustl.edu.  Unix users should get jpegsrc.v1.tar.Z from the 
/graphics/jpeg directory on uunet.uu.net.  By the way, Apple is using a 
slightly modified (of course) version of JFIF for their recently 
announced QuickTime software.

--------------------------------------------------
GIF image of Oakland fire area available (and other things)

A few more pictures that are available: a GIF image of the map of the 
area damaged by the file in Oakland is available from 
cs.sequoia.berkeley.edu in /pub/firemap.gif; two CDROMs of pictures 
taken by the Magellan space probe are mounted at ames.arc.nasa.gov and 
are accessible in /pub/SPACE/CDROM and /pub/SPACE/CDROM2.  There are a 
total of 6 volumes that are rotated onto the two drives on some basis; 
an image of hurricane Grace made last Sunday is named oct27_01.gif in 
directory fna101.195 on machine uriacc.uri.edu.

--------------------------------------------------
Aurora

If you weren't outside looking to the north on the evening of October 
28/29 before moonrise, then you missed the most visible aurora display 
in the last while.  Brian T. Carcich, at Cornell, reported on the WX-
TALK list that he was able to observe the aurora from his home in Groton 
at about 2200 hours EST.  Dr Chaos is more than a little annoyed that I 
didn't take him to see the display.  Just when we thought about trying 
to catch the display this past evening, the storm ended and the auroral 
activity warning was downgraded to a watch.  Maybe next time we'll be 
better prepared.  Dr. Chaos really enjoys the aurora information that 
has recently been added to the WX-TALK list.

--------------------------------------------------
Kermit

For those interested in Kermit (not the frog), the current version of C-
Kermit 5A can be found as the obviously named file cku173.tar.Z in the 
/kermit/sw directory on watsun.cc.columbia.edu.  There are LOTS of very 
nice new features in this version of Kermit so if you haven't picked up 
a recent distribution of Kermit for your Unix system, you might want to 
take a look at it.

--------------------------------------------------
ELM mailer on RS/6000

Lou Montulli at the University of Kansas has been having trouble bring 
up the ELM mailer on his RS/6000; but now reports that if one adds the  
-U_STR_ and -lcur switches and get rid of -ltermcap, then ELM will not 
only work, it will use the more complete Terminfo library (rather than 
Termcap).  He also points out that if you do use Termcap, you can get an 
updated, expanded version of the file from the wuarchive in the unix 
directory.

--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 beta testing continues

Dr. Chaos now has the 6.605 level distribution of OS/2 Release 2.0.  
Since the old version was level 6.147 and the discussion groups are 
talking about level 6.169 just becoming available; we're very confused 
about IBM's numbering systems.  (IBM SE Extraordinaire Charlie Hill is 
working on the problem.)  In any case, anyone at Cornell who has a 386 
(or better) system and would like to test drive OS/2 2.0 should give Dr. 
Chaos' OS/2 tester a call at 5-7572.  Only 8 more copies allowed and 
they are going fast.  Before you get your hopes up, the Workplace Shell 
is not available yet.

--------------------------------------------------
Fixes 4, 5, and 6 for X11R5

Last but not least, fixes number 4, 5, and 6 to the X11R5 distribution 
are now available from your favorite X11R5 distribution point.  Dr. 
Chaos seems to recall that 6 fixes was the magic number before Scott 
Brim was interested in looking at the new code ... is that right Scott?

Well it didn't get all that much shorter this time ... it would help if 
Dr Chaos would stop shoving interesting items under my nose, but it 
never seems to stop.

Read! Dr. Chaos (I have a masters degree)  rdc@cornella.cit.cornell.edu
