Chaos Corner V02 N03   24 March 1992
 
This is likely to be a little shorter than the regular Chaos Corner ... 
we are just preparing to depart today for a speaking engagement and will 
not return for several weeks.  Operating, as we do, under the rule of 
"if it weren't a crisis, I wouldn't be doing it" (note the use of the 
subjunctive mood -- German grammar is sooo much fun!) we have spent the 
last week updating foils (and converting them from Word-for-Windows to 
Aldus Persuasion), and preparing the 20 page written document for the 
conference proceedings.  Of course, it all could have been done a month 
ago, but it wasn't a crisis then!

--------------------------------------------------
SMTP mailers

Shelia Patterson in CIT's Systems Programming Services guessed that Gary 
Buhrmaster requested his copy of Chaos Corner Volume 1 by using a 
"standard" trick.  The SMTP mailers that route these files across the 
Internet don't just talk to each other; they also will talk to any human 
using 'telnet' to talk to the TCP/IP port the mailer uses.  All this 
means is that you can 'telnet' to any mailer and give it any old 
interesting file you want (like sending a friend a personal mail file 
from our fearless leader).  This explanation should not encourage any of 
you to try this, but it should lead you to suspect "strange" mail files 
-- if you get a mail file that you question, check with the sender, it 
may have been forged!  Dr. Chaos has heard of a user at one site 
receiving a mail file from the system operator telling him he was using 
too much CPU time (not sent by the operator at all).
 
--------------------------------------------------
Mail time and bound copies of Chaos Corner Volume 1

The trick that Gary used to get his request for Chaos Corner volume 1 
sent before the deadline was to set the date and time back by several 
days when he had test time one Sunday morning on the 3090-200J.  
Remember, bound copies of volume 1 are still available at the CIT Help 
Desk for cost (3 Dollars), or you can get the document via FTP from 
pelican.cit.cornell.edu in the /pub directory.  Look for files ccv01.ps 
and ccv01.text for the PostScript and text versions, respectively.  (But 
you won't get it bound with the beautiful covers designed by graphics 
artist 'Tomass Boggass'.)
 
--------------------------------------------------
Chaos Corner distribution problems

Dr. Chaos apologizes for some confusion in the distribution of the last 
several issues of Chaos Corner.  There have been some problems with 
delivery to VM/CMS-Bitnet sites and also problems with readers from 
Bitnet sites sending requests to chaos-request@pelican.cit.cornell.edu.  
At first, we thought the problem was with the SMTP mailer on the VM/CMS 
systems ... sorry to say, it (at least partially) was a problem with the 
sendmail.cf on pelican.cit.cornell.edu.  After only a couple of hours of 
comparing sendmail.cf files from various systems, we were able to deduce 
the fix and update pelican.  We hope this distribution will go OK ... 
because if it isn't, we're not going to be around to fix it.
 
Any files that are mentioned below can be requested by sending mail to 
chaos-request@pelican.cit.cornell.edu.  Note that the response is 
handled in person by Dr. Chaos so it is possible to give a more-than-
one-word description of the file you want.  (We get some requests that 
are just a little too terse -- do you think that we REMEMBER what we 
write?)
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
Germany and German
 
A discussion list started recently dedicated to German History from 900 
to 1992.  Dr. Chaos reports many discussion threads ranging from the 
current neo-Nazi movement to feelings between Protestants and Catholics.  
The list is fairly active and the postings are primarily in English.  If 
you are interested, send mail to listserv@uscvm.bitnet with the single 
line 'subscribe germhist <your-name>'.  Dr. Chaos reports that he also 
has copies of the regular postings for Netiquette, Emily Postnews 
Antworten, and a Glossary of English acronyms (FTP, etc.) explained in 
German.  It's too bad that the local SCOLA channel on TV carries the 
German news with a one week delay.  Right now we are hearing about the 
nuclear accident near St. Petersburg from a Japanese news report (with 
English subtitles).
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
X11 R5
 
Fix number 10 for X11 Release 5 is now available.  Of course, the 
complete X11R5 distribution (and fixes) is available on 
pelican.cit.cornell.edu in the pub/X11R5 directory.  Fix-10 cures about 
30 problems, including some introduced by fix-09.
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
Space - ftp site info
 
The UseNet newsgroups sci.astro and sci.space have a regular 
(approximately monthly) posting of FTP sites where you can obtain a 
large amount of space-research related material.  Items include images, 
solar reports, star data bases, and space shuttle updates (another 
successful launch today).  Let Dr. Chaos know if you would like a copy 
of this list.
 
--------------------------------------------------
Space, and the Flat Venus society

From sci.space comes the report of the "Flat-Venus Society" -- anyone 
with even a low-power telescope can see that Venus is a flat disc, just 
like Earth, so this society is encouraging everyone to write their 
government representatives to urge them to uncover the fraud.
 
--------------------------------------------------
Space Calendar

 
Dr. Chaos also has a copy of the 1992 space calendar compiled by Ron 
Baalke at JPL.  There is still time to prepare for the Lyrids Meteor 
Shower scheduled for April 21st.
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
AIX Security advisory
 
The Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT) has issued an advisory of a 
security loophole in the RS/6000 version of AIX at service levels 3.1.6 
and before.  If you do not use the uucp utilities, then you should (from 
root) issue the following command: 'chmod 0100 /usr/bin/uucp', and if 
you do use uucp then call IBM (800-237-5511) for a fix to the problem 
logged as ix18516.
 
--------------------------------------------------
AIXTIPS posted to comp.unix.aix

Andreas Siegert of the IBM AIX Field Support Center in Munich regularly 
posts AIXTIPS to the comp.unix.aix newsgroup on UseNet,and aix-l on 
BITNET.  Dr. Chaos finds that these contain useful information and has 
saved the last 5 issues.
 
--------------------------------------------------
AIX Public Domain Software archive

Dr. Chaos hopes you are all familiar with the AIX Public Domain Software 
Repository at UCLA.  The source for many applications in a form already 
ported to AIX 3.1 is available on the machine AIXPDSLIB.SEAS.UCLA.EDU.  
Once you have connected via anonymous ftp, 'get' the README file.  By 
retrieving the README file, you agree to abide by instructions contained 
therein, and in any additional files which the README file references 
(legal stuff).  While the initial focus is the exchange of codes and 
ports that are running, or are in process, for the RISC System/6000;
code that runs on mainframe AIX and AIX PS/2 will also be accepted.
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
Gopher
 
Developed at the University of Minnesota, Gopher clients and servers 
allow a user to perform a keyword search for information on the network 
and then easily retrieve that information by an appropriate access 
method.  The definitive software and instructions for setting up clients 
and servers is on the machine boombox.micro.umn.edu in directory 
pub/gopher.  Version 0.8 of the Unix software has just been announced, 
and clients exist for the Mac, Unix, VMS, NeXT, VM/CMS, PC-DOS, and X-
Windows.  
 
 
--------------------------------------------------
WAIS
 
Gopher is related to the Wide Area Information Server (WAIS) code 
developed and distributed by Thinking Machines Corporation and is 
available for anonymous FTP from think.com in the wais directory.  The 
current version can be found in the file named wais-8-b4.tar.Z.  WAIS 
includes indexing software that some people have reportedly used to 
index their saved mail files -- they can then easily do searches to find 
that missing but suddenly very relevent mail file.  Dr. Chaos thinks 
that this may well prove to be the "magic bullet" to finally get us 
organized ... now if we could only get organized enough to get the 
software running on pelican ...
 
 
Info
 

--------------------------------------------------
Time Zone abbrevations

Dr. Chaos reports collecting a file that contains a list of all the 
abbreviations for the various time zones, their offset from CUT (that's 
GMT for old fogies), and their English name.
 
--------------------------------------------------
Internet Services List

Of course, the updated Internet Service List gets even longer.  Just a 
couple of items: you can  telnet fedix.fie.com or telnet 192.111.228.1 
(login fedix) to get information on scholarships, minority assistance, 
etc.; and if you telnet 130.44.1.100 (Login: e-math  Password: e-math), 
the service is an Am. Math. Society sponsored bulletin board system with 
software and reviews.  For any of you without FTP access, send mail to 
ftpmail@decwrl.dec.com Subject:(hit return) Body-of-letter: help 
(return) quit ... for information on how to access FTP sites through 
electronic mail.
 
Well, we promised a short issue, so we must stop for now.  Remember, for 
your own subscription or any of the files mentioned above, send you 
request to chaos-request@pelican.cit.cornell.edu.
 
 
Dr. Chaos (I have a master's degree!)
