Chaos Corner V02 N05  19Jun92

--------------------------------------------------
Top files requesed from CC V02 N04

For those who are interested, the top files requested from the last 
issue were: the Unofficial Smiley Dictionary, 100 Ways to Say I Love 
You, Dave Barry on Computing, and the information on getting personal 
Internet access for $29/month at 9600 baud -- the List of Telephone Area 
Codes for US and Canada also had some fair amount of interest shown in 
it.  Of course, the people who asked for "all three list" received all 
four lists (since no one pointed that out, Dr. Chaos wonders if his 
readers are similar to the small furry creature he just pried out from 
between the jaws of the household cat.


Mailbag
--------------------------------------------------
More on time, UTC, CUT and GMT

In the category of corrections, Norris@athena.mit.edu points out that 
the choice of "UTC" for the time zone name was because the order of the 
letters did not correspond to the proper ordering in ANY major language.

Joe Ahlgren (author of GeoClock) has had to do a lot of work with time 
for a number of years (Joe --- I still tell stories about the program 
you developed on the Wang calculator back at Ft. Huachuca).  In any 
case, Joe had the following clarification on the difference between UTC 
and GMT.: "The change from GMT to UTC is very fundamental.  GMT as a 
time standard WAS based on astronomical measurements.  It is now quite 
well established that the motion of the planets is nowhere near as 
regular as atomic clocks.  UTC as a time standard is based on atomic 
clocks, and the time used by most of the scientific world is sync'ed to 
this standard.  The difference between this standard and the planetary 
motions is why there are "leap seconds" from time to time.  However, GMT 
as a time zone still exists and is still the basis for most other time 
zones.  GMT is sync'ed to UTC.  It is still quite proper to say that 
Eastern Daylight Time is 4 hours behind GMT.  GMT is a derived standard, 
but still the standard for time zones.  Of course, there is no practical 
difference between UTC and GMT.  I think the ultimate authority on these 
names is Ted Turner, and he still uses GMT.  ... Paris is responsible 
BOTH for keeping the atomic time standard and keeping UTC in sync with 
the observed day by adding leap seconds.  The astromomy for the later is 
scattered all over the planet, but of course not in Greenwich since it 
is too close to London."

--------------------------------------------------
GeoClock reviews - correction

  We made the mistake last time of saying that 
something had appeared in PC Week about GeoClock ... having read all 
those back issues at one time must have fried Dr. Chaos's brain, because 
the mention was in CompuServe Magazine rather than PC Week.  Sorry for 
the confusion.

--------------------------------------------------
What is this Chaos  Corner stuff?

Sean Pogue at Ohio U. may have actually asked what some of the rest of 
you were thinking when he saw Chaos Corner for the first time -- "So 
what gives with all this Dr. Chaos stuff?"  The response of Dr. Chaos 
was (for those of you who wondered and didn't ask) " Chaos Corner is a 
small, randomly published electronic newsletter I write that mentions 
things I have found in the process of wandering across the network.  
Back copies are available, and a copy of Volume 1 from last year (with 
an *index*) is available in PostScript form (via ftp) or bound hardcopy 
with nice covers.  What you have here is a combination of Dr. Science 
(from National Public Radio), Chaos Manor (from Byte), and Rumor Central 
(from PC Week).  One writer from Finland (and unfortunately we have lost 
the name) is connecting to the internet from a Mac and is not familiar 
with any of those references (but wanted ALL the back issues!).

--------------------------------------------------
Personal Internet access - clairifications

There are a couple of clarification/additions relative to the item on 
personal internet access.  The service that we have information on is 
provided by PSINet, and if you are associated with Cornell (or probably 
with the New York State University system), an ID on PSI seems to be 
available for the asking (for more information on those options just 
"telnet cornellc.cit.cornell.edu 300" and then enter the command 
"computing access info".  Of course, PSINet isn't the only game in town, 
and Harry Bartholomew has the following report from California -- "I get 
9600 baud access to Internet for $17.50 /mo with unlimited time and 5 Mb 
storage at no extra charge. The vendor Netcom has POP's at local numbers 
all around the San Francisco bay area and is moving into Southern 
California as well. Contact Network Operations Mgr. Bob Rieger for 
further info at bobr@netcom.com or 408 554 UNIX for voice."


--------------------------------------------------
4DOS and 4OS2

The 4DOS discussion list has become quite active in the last few days.  
For those of you who might not have heard, 4DOS is a replacement for the 
DOS command processor COMMAND.COM.  The major thing we like around here 
is the ability to recall and edit previously entered command lines, but 
there are also features like the fact that it swaps itself out of 
memory, it has a reasonable help system, it has some additional useful 
commands like 'list' and 'move', and it seems well supported shareware.  
The company (J. P. Software) has recently distributed a similar program 
for OS/2 (it replaces the OS/2 command processor CMD.EXE).  The most 
recent versions of 4DOS and 4OS2 can be found on wuarchive.wustl.edu in 
the /mirrors/msdos/4dos directory.(this is for 4DOS ... look for files 
named 4dos401p.zip (programs) and 4dos401d.zip (documentation)), and in 
the /mirrors/misc/os2 directory for 4os210.zip.  You can get a break on 
registering both products at the same time, and believe us, once you get 
used to the capabilities of these programs, you won't want to be without 
them in either the OS2 or the DOS environment.

--------------------------------------------------
4DOS alias to delete a subtree of files

One recent question on the 4DOS list was how to set up an ALIAS that 
allows the removal of a whole subtree of files.  It turns out that the 
4DOS 'delete' command has some extra capabilities and so the answer was 
just to enter the command "ALIAS ZAP=DEL /SXYZ *.*" after which the ZAP 
command will wipe out the directory subtree that you are in.


--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 archives

The OS/2 archives are starting to build.  If you are on BITNET and don't 
have ftp access, a good source is in Belgium, you can get a complete 
list of the files available by issuing the command (from CMS) 

     TELL LISTSERV AT BLEUKL11 SEND OS2INDEX PACKAGE

or put the 'send os2index package' command in a mail file and send it to 
listserv@BLEKUL11.  (We put the node name in upper case so that the 'L's 
could be distinguished from the '1's.)  Note that you will not get a 
response back immediately, since requests are queued for overnight 
delivery.  One recent addition that Dr. Chaos wants to try is a 3-D Maze 
game.

--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 Frequesntly Asked Questions (FAQ)

In addition to the current OS/2 Frequently Asked Questions list, Dr. 
Chaos tells me that we have the current OS/2 Tips and Techniques file as 
well as the Frequently Asked Questions for Programmers.  Let Dr. Chaos 
know at chaos-request@pelican.cit.cornell.edu if you would like copies 
of these lists.

--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 and IBM Marketing

The excitement in the OS/2 world started on May 1 when a blast that an 
IBMer made at the rest of the organization (on an internal IBM forum) 
about the poor job that had been done of marketing OS/2 was "leaked" and 
posted on NetNews.  Needless to say, the person who leaked the article 
no longer works for IBM .... but has gotten some round-about internet 
access to enable him to post an apology on the net.  This isn't a soap 
opera folks, it's real life! (it just seems a little distant sometimes 
with the slowness of keyboard interactions)

--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 archive name change

Last time we mentioned the archive site at hobbes.nmsu.edu, and now we 
get to announce that they are changing their name.  It the future use 
ftp-os2.nmsu.edu so if they decide to move the archive you won't be 
lost.

--------------------------------------------------
OS/2 fixes available on the Internet

IBM is making a number of fixes available for OS/2 across the network.  
Check your favorite archive site for the fixes to the problems you most 
want to get rid of.  (ftp-os2.nmsu.edu in the pub/os2/2.0/patches 
directory is a good choice because of the descriptive list that you get 
in response to a 'dir' command.


--------------------------------------------------
WINDOWS archive name change

Speaking of archives changing names, the large archive for MS Windows 
software has changed from cica.cica.indiana.edu to ftp.cica.indiana.edu.  
Dr. Chaos just reported to me that he has checked out one site that 
advertised itself as a new ftp site for Windows software, but the 
largest part of the archive seemed to be devoted to X/R-rated images, so 
there is not much of interest there.

--------------------------------------------------
Windows version of dogcow

Just to let you Mac users that Windows is finally catching up, in the 
pub/pc/win3/games directory of ftp.cica.indiana.edu look for dogcow.zip 
-- a version of the (in)famous Dogcow animated icon.  (Thanks to Tom 
Young for taking the time one day to explain the dogcow icon.)

--------------------------------------------------
Best Windows shareware list

Diego A. Aranda maintains a list of the best Windows Shareware and 
Freeware.  His list is available via anonymous ftp from 
ftp.cica.indiana.edu in the /pub/pc/win3/misc and the current version is 
named bw2-31-2.zip.

--------------------------------------------------
Windows 3.1 authors

If you would like to see the author list of Windows 3.1 then do the 
following.  In Program Manager. (1).  Click Help/About.  Hold down 
Shift/Ctrl and double-click the Windows logo in the upper-left of the 
About-box.  Click OK.  (Nothing will happen - keep going)  (2).Repeat 
step (1).  (A waving flag and a "Dedicated to..." message appears)  
Click OK.  (3).  Repeat step (1).  (The Windows authors appear in the 
About box)


Miscellaneous


--------------------------------------------------
Hospitality Exchange Database

Thanks to Sheila Patterson for pointing out the existence of the 
Hospitality Exchange Database, HOSPEX@PLEARN.  The purpose of the list 
is both to provide those interested in being a host a way to satisfy 
their interests and to aid those interested in finding hosts when 
traveling.  They currently have hosts in over 25 countries, and on six 
continents.  To start the subscription process, issue the command 

     TELL LISTSERV AT PLEARN SUBSCRIBE HOSPEX <your full name>

from CMS or send a mail file that contains only the "subscribe..." 
command.  You will be sent a host's form to be filled out and returned 
to HOSPEX@PLEARN; only then will you be considered a member of HOSPEX 
and get added to the HOSPEX and HOSPEX-L lists, and will have the right 
to search through the HOSPEX database for possible hosts.


--------------------------------------------------
UNIX/X/Motif

The production version of the Scientist's Workbench (an X and Motif-
based software package developed at the Cornell Theory Center) has now 
been released.  "The main functions of the Scientist's Workbench are to 
bring together the tools and software required by scientific researchers 
in a distributed computing environment, to provide a graphical interface 
to access those tools, and to provide the software necessary to allow 
researchers to easily build their own graphical interfaces."  The 
interesting thing about this software is the ability to use the provided 
widgets to implement a graphical interface on top of ordinary text 
programs.  The new software is available via anonymous ftp from 
info.tc.cornell.edu, in the directory pub/swb.  The file README.TOP 
describes the rest of the files in the anonymous ftp, and the file 
README.CHANGES lists the changes that were made since the beta version.  
As before, we have provided binary versions of the Workbench for Sun 
SPARC and RS/6000 (AIX 3.1), as well as the source code.  The new tar 
files are a complete replacement of the old software.  If you have 
comments or suggestions, or would like to be added to the Scientist's 
Workbench mailing list, send a note to sciwb@tc.cornell.edu.


--------------------------------------------------


To get put on the Chaos Corner mailing list, just send your request to 
chaos-request@pelican.cit.cornell.edu.

Dr. Chaos (I have a Masters Degree .... )    8-)
