Chaos Corner  v01n02 10Jul91

Here we are, back again.  Things seem to remain busy here in the Corner 
even with a birthday, a holiday, and a day at work with *no* 
interruptions.

--------------------------------------------------
File transfers

This time we'll spend a little time trying to demystify some of the 
hocus-pocus and spells that surround transferring files.  You should be 
warned, however, that this attempt cannot be entirely successful.  
Successfully transferring files *does* require magic, good karma, or 
*something* that always runs out just when the network daemons are 
closing in.

Can *I* transfer files using FTP?  Isn't that a Unix thing?

If you have a userid on a Unix, VMS, or VM/CMS system, then just enter 
the ftp command to find out if it's available.  FTP will prompt you for 
input and you can exit by entering "quit".  If you have a PC with an 
ethernet card there are a number of commercial, shareware and free 
products that will get you started.  NCSA (the national supercomputer 
center in Illinois) has  PC (and Mac) software implementing ftp client 
(you can get/put files from/to other systems) and ftp server (other 
systems can get/put files on your workstation).  For DOS/Windows users, 
Dr. Chaos likes the network version of WINQVT from QPC Software that 
implements ftp client and server, telnet client, and allows one to read 
Network News.  Both of these programs support the use of the free 
Clarkson packet drivers to provide the interface to the ethernet card 
(the packet drivers are in "drivers.zip" at sun.soe.clarkson.edu in 
directory pub/packet-drivers).  Unfortunately, neither of these programs 
support telnetting to the IBM mainframes in 3270 mode.

On the Macintosh side, you need a network connection (ethernet or 
PhoneNet), MacTCP, HyperCard and then you can use a great HyperCard 
stack written by Doug Hornig in CIT's Information Resources division 
called HyperFTP.

If you want to get files for your workstation but you don't have a 
network connection, an option is to transfer the files to your userid on 
a timesharing system (Unix, VMS, VM/CMS) and then use a serial 
communications program like Kermit, C19, or a number of others to send 
the file down (download) to your workstation (the timesharing systems 
are often on raised floors, so the data goes "down" to get to your 
workstation).  Every time you transfer a file, an incantation has to be 
performed to get the computers at each end to cooperate -- by increasing 
the number of transfers you increase the likelihood that you will forget 
some of the spells, or get them in the wrong order and the whole thing 
won't work.  Going through the whole procedure again to correct an error 
isn't too bad when the file transfers proceed at the 20-40 KB/sec rates 
you can often get from some sites on the Internet (if you aren't 
crossing an ocean), but transferring even a 200 KB file over a 2400 baud 
link will take longer than 20 minutes!  The bottom line is, get a 
network connection if you possibly can!


MailBag -- (Read! Dr. Chaos)

--------------------------------------------------
LPR LPD and archie

Gerhard Rentschler at U. of Stuttgart asked if I knew of a place where 
they could get copies of the LPR command and the LPD daemon, since they 
are not included in UTS 2.1.1 (Amdahl's version of Unix).  I didn't know 
where they were located, but Dr. Chaos came to the rescue by telneting 
to archie at quiche.cs.mcgill.ca and very quickly coming up with about 
10 different sites, on both sides of the Atlantic, that had the source 
for that BSD Unix software.  By the way, a recent posting claimed that 
fully 40% of the TCP/IP traffic in and out of McGill University is 
"archie-related" -- archie is really a valuable service for finding 
software on the net, and McGill is starting to distribute the software 
and database in an attempt to improve the service and spread the load.

--------------------------------------------------
The Macintosh sit and hqx extensions explained

Both Bob Blackmun at UNCCVM.BITNET and Rob Vaughn from the Cornell 
Materials Science Center sent mail to Dr. Chaos explaining the .sit and 
.hqx extensions on archived Macintosh files.  The .hqx extension means 
that it has been processed by BinHex to turn the binary file into a 
printable ASCII file -- one that could be sent through e-mail.  The .sit 
extension means that the original files were compressed into a library 
by the utility StuffIt!.  Therefore, to make the file 
internettour.sit.hqx useable, you would first use BinHex to turn it back 
into binary, and then use StuffIt! to uncompress and restore the 
original file(s).

--------------------------------------------------
Question on emulating a vt100 on a 3270

Bob Blackmun also asked if there was any software that would allow 
people using telnet from VM (in a 3270 session, for example) to emulate 
a VT100 terminal.  As far as Dr. Chaos knows, there is no such software 
available, but maybe some of you might let him know of a solution.

--------------------------------------------------
Chaos Corner feedback

Roger Garnett of Cornell Agricultural Economics suggests Dr. Chaos delve 
more into the networks at Cornell and carry items about what is 
available on local archives or BBS servers.  Dr. Chaos would certainly 
be glad to pass along announcements or blurbs that he receives.  (Why 
does it always seem harder to get information about where you are than 
anywhere else?)

--------------------------------------------------
FTP and potential problems under VM/CMS

Steve Peterson from Penn State had a problem trying to FTP the 
internettour file from Pelican to a VM/CMS system -- he got a message 
about an invalid filemode HQ.  The problem lies in the way CMS FTP 
command creates default CMS file names from Unix file names.  CMS 
"tokenizes" the Unix name by: (1) making all the characters uppercase, 
(2) separating tokens at the point where a '.' appears, (3) truncating 
the first two tokens to 8 characters, if necessary, (4) mapping the 3rd 
token to the CMS filemode which is either one letter or one letter 
followed by a digit (usually 0, 1, or 2).  In the case of the file 
"internettour.sit.hqx" CMS tries to create a file named "INTERNET SIT 
HQ" and fails because HQ is not a valid filemode.  The solution is to 
specify on the "get" command what the local file name should be; that 
is:

                get internettour.sit.hqx   tour.sithqx

will result in the file being stored on the A-disk (the default) with 
the name "TOUR SITHQX".

--------------------------------------------------
Chaos Corner Feedback (Master's Degree?)

Dr. Chaos notes that only newsletter recipients on the west coast (Dave 
Gomberg at UCSF and Ted Johnston at SLAC) seemed particularly concerned 
about his credentials and what his Master's Degree might be in.  Maybe 
only keep their radios turned on.  Considering the number of sentences 
that end in prepositions, the degree is NOT in English!

--------------------------------------------------
Request for faster network links

Walter Wehinger, University of Stuttgart, would like to see the network 
bandwidth for the international links improved.  He is concerned that 
his poor collector's soul will get mad because of the poor response time 
between Germany and the US.  Dr. Chaos points out that according to his 
copy of the network map (from site nic.eu.net, directory ripe/maps), the 
thickest, widest black line goes from Cornell to CERN (site of a *very* 
high-energy particle collider) in Geneva, and there it stops.  He 
suggests that CERN, at this point, must be the sink of all network 
information and that they must be encoding it into the particle beams 
and storing it in the accelerator (opposing views go in opposite 
directions), and that understanding the politics governing information 
flow across national boundaries in Europe is not even close to the area 
in which he received a Master's Degree.

--------------------------------------------------
GIF files and all that stuff

Mark Sincock of CIT asks what a GIF file is.  Dr Chaos immediately 
started babbling TLAs (three letter acronyms) and for quite some time it 
was not possible to make out more than RLE, BMP, TIF, PCX, and MSP.  
After several moments, I was able to gather that a large number of 
formats exist for files that are graphical images.  The CompuServe 
Information Service developed one such graphical image format (gif) and 
it has proven to be quite popular -- if for no other reason there exists 
an incredibly large number of images stored on CompuServe available for 
downloading.  Programs to view GIF files and convert them to other image 
formats exist on a large number of platforms.  Dr. Chaos seems partial 
to WinGif on his DOS/Windows systems.  Users of Macintosh systems have 
suggested Giffer and QuickGif as being good programs.

--------------------------------------------------
Unix Security (sic) and COPS

Kim Kohler of CIT responded to the question in the last issue concerning 
COPS -- the set of programs and scripts to test the security of your 
Unix system.  She recommends it for use by new Unix system 
administrators who aren't sure what to look for -- COPS provides a 
"quick and dirty" test of the system.

--------------------------------------------------
Chaos Corner archived online?

Peter Siegel at the Cornell Theory Center asks if there will be an 
online archive of "Chaos Corner."  Dr. Chaos was momentarily pleased at 
the suggestion but finally realized that "quality" was not the issue and 
who's-disk-space-it-would-occupy was.  Watch for future announcements on 
the availability of back issues.

That's it for the MailBag this time around.  Remember to send questions 
and comments to rdc@cornella.cit.cornell.edu (Read! Dr. Chaos)

What going on? (Random Dr. Chaos)

--------------------------------------------------
Unix Internalional (UI) and Atlas

Unix International has announced plans to unveil in September their 
Atlas Distributed Computing Architecture.  Claims are that it will be 
compliant with the rival OSF's Distributed Computing Environment and 
include extensions in the areas of object-oriented technology, 
distributed systems management, and distributed transaction processing.  
Development on Atlas is starting this summer and continues through 1993.  
With that schedule, it will be an interesting race between the OSF DCE 
and DME products vs. UI's Atlas.  Dr. Chaos wonders if Atlas being DCE 
compliant means that UI will have to throw out Sun's RPC?

--------------------------------------------------
RAID disks announced for RS/6000

RAID disk drives capable of transferring data at 18 MB/sec and available 
in capacities ranging from 10.8 GB to 43 GB have been announced for the 
IBM RS/6000 by Maximum Strategy.  A transfer rate 4 times that of IBM's 
mainframe disk drives at a cheaper price per byte!

--------------------------------------------------
C version of ADABAS and Natural soon to be available

Software AG has announced the first Unix implementations of ADABAS and 
Natural will be tested on HP 9000 machines this summer, and 
implementations for Sun, DEC, IBM, and SCO systems will be available by 
the end of this year.  Although this version is written in the C 
language, it is supposed to be source code compatible with the mainframe 
versions of those products.

--------------------------------------------------
Apple and IBM deal in the making?

Apple and IBM are rumored to be working on a deal allowing Apple to use 
RS/6000 chip sets in future computers.  In addition, there is talk of 
cooperation on future object oriented operating systems (code name Pink) 
able to run both OS/2 and Macintosh applications.  As evidence of a "new 
IBM" we see quotes such as:"They need to understand that they can 
survive in this industry without being a monopoly."  This sentence being 
spoken by IBMer Lee Reiswig (aka Blue Ninja) about Microsoft.  Is it 
time to sell Microsoft short?

--------------------------------------------------
Portable database front-ends

Blyth Software Inc. will soon be shipping toolkits to give developers 
the ability to create database front-end programs that are portable 
between PCs (running DOS or DOS/Windows) and Macintoshes using the Data 
Access Language (DAL).  Working under a license agreement with Apple, 
they will be producing OS/2 and Unix versions of the toolkits in the 
next year.  This is good news because it means CIT can start 
investigating applications using Apple's DAL without the fear of being 
locked into a single vendor technology.  (Has that stopped anyone 
before?)

--------------------------------------------------
Cursive writing you can read

Many people have the perverse idea that digital devices ought to be able 
to simulate analog devices.  As a result, computers often have programs 
written for them to display the face of an analog clock.  The latest in 
this analog-on-digital line is a small PC program called SCRIPTO that 
reads text and outputs block cursive to the screen or redirected to a 
file.  It's great for making up a signature file to append to all your 
mail files.  (See the initials below for sample output).  There is a 
separate file containing the font that you can easily customize if you 
want to "improve" the output.  SCRIPTO.ZIP is available on Simtel20 in 
the pd1:<msdos.txtutl> directory, or at wuarchive.wustl.edu in the 
/mirrors/msdos/txtutl directory.
      .---.                    .-.    /                   
     ( /  |  ,_.              /  :   /_    __     __   __ 
      /   | /  :             /      /  )   __)   /  ) (_  
     /__,/ /   :_ @         (__./  /   (_ (__(_ (__/ ___) 


--------------------------------------------------
International Text Editor (NOT)

ALED153.ZIP described as "a small programmer's text editor" -- should be 
just the thing for all you small programmers out there.  This program 
has stirred up an amazingly heated discussion on one of the Usenet news 
groups as being yet another example of a program that did not take into 
account the needs of people using languages other than American English.  
I haven't actually used this program, but it caught my eye because of 
the description and the long Usenet discussion.  It is at wuarchive in 
/mirrors/msdos/editor.

--------------------------------------------------
Kaleidoscope program of PC

DAZE41F.ZIP in the /mirrors/msdos/graphics directory is really a great 
kaleidoscope program for EGA or VGA displays.  I was particularly 
impressed with the patterns this program was able to produce on an EGA.

--------------------------------------------------
Current Virus scanning software

SCANV80.ZIP, CLEAN80.ZIP and VSHLD80B.ZIP  in /mirrors/msdos/trojan-pro 
are current copies of McAfee Associates PC virus protection programs.

--------------------------------------------------
Windows utilities and update to version 3.0a

Several interesting Windows 3 utilities are now available in the 
/mirrors/msdos/windows3 directory.  ACHART12.ZIP displays a chart of all 
the characters (printable and control characters) in several character 
sets.  WINHV11.ZIP is a hex file viewer that allows you to specify 
search strings.  Last and definitely not least, Microsoft has finally 
reacted to all the complaints about Windows applications being unstable 
and the number of times users are seeing the infamous message 
"UNRECOVERABLE APPLICATION ERROR, Terminating current application."  (At 
this point, if you are lucky, you can still gracefully exit your other 
applications and re-boot the machine.  This message is known as the "UAE
message.")  The solution to these problems is to provide a program 
(DRWATSON.ZIP) that will trap the UAEs and display lots of cryptic 
diagnostic information.  An application developer can send this 
information into Microsoft and their software engineers can figure out 
where the application is going astray (it couldn't be a Windows bug, 
could it?).  In any case, if you do any development of Windows 
applications, this program is a must, and it's only about 2 years too 
late.  If you are not an applications developer but are still bothered 
by UAE messages, the general consensus on the net was that you could use 
it as leverage to get Microsoft to send you a free upgrade to Windows 
3.0a ... where a lot of bugs are fixed.  If you act quickly, the updates 
to bring Windows up to 3.0a are rumored to be at cica.cica.indiana.edu 
in the pub/pc/win3/misc directory.  Look for win3a1.zip, win3a2.zip and 
win3a3.zip.  You will need about 1.3 MB of disk space to transfer these 
files.  Create a new directory, say C:\WININST; unzip the files into 
that directory (1.5 MB) in numerical order.  (The third zip file will 
replace 4 files that were munged originally.)  If you execute 

                        SUBST A: C:\WININST

then run switch to the "new" A: drive and run SETUP.  In less than a 
minute you will have an updated Windows 3.0a system.

--------------------------------------------------
New release of NCSA Telnet for PC available

The /mirrors/msdos/ncsatelnet directory contains the just released 
version of NCSA's TELNET  (2.3.01) for PCs ... update.tel is an ASCII 
file that describes the changes in this version, and info.tel is a 
description of NCSA Telnet and its utilities (FTP, etc.).

--------------------------------------------------
Plan 9 from Outer Space

The original developers of the Unix operating system are still working 
for Bell Labs and still developing operating systems.  The latest is 
called Plan-9 (after a science fiction movie called "Plan-9 from Outer 
Space"), and while not available outside of AT&T (the movie is 
available), some documentation is available as a PostScript file at 
ftp.cs.toronto.edu in /doc/plan-9.ps.Z (this is a Unix compressed 
PostScript file; there are decompression utilities for this format on a 
number of other platforms -- let Dr Chaos know if you need help).

--------------------------------------------------
Answers to Frequently Asked Questions (FAQ)

Many of the Usenet news groups have periodic postings to remind new 
readers the purposes of the newsgroups, proper etiquette on the network, 
and answers to frequently asked questions (FAQs).  Copies of these 
periodic postings are maintained at pit-manager.mit.edu in the 
/pub/usenet/<newsgroup> directories.  These postings, particularly the 
FAQs, provide valuable information and work-arounds for problems 
commonly encountered in any number of areas.  The newsgroup 
"comp.mail.misc" maintains an Inter-Network Mail Guide; 
"comp.binaries.ibm.pc" maintains a Beginner's Guide to Binaries and a 
Beginner's Guide to FTP; and newsgroups "rec.sport.basketball" and 
"rec.sport.football" contain the weekly results of the sportswriters' 
poll during the course of the sport's season. Jonathan Kamens of MIT's 
Project Athena maintains this archive on a volunteer basis.

At the site sh.cs.edu in the nsfnet directory, you can find two files 
that may be useful: "questions-and-answers-beginners" and "questions-
and-answers-advanced."  These files provide background information on 
NSFNet in addition to telling how to access nic.ddn.mil and query the 
"whois" database to find out if a site has a computer on the Internet.

--------------------------------------------------
CD-ROM from 1991 Sun User's Group meeting

The Sun Users Group has announced their 1991 SUG CD-ROM. The CD-ROM 
contains over 300 MB of source code, software archives, compiled Sun 4 
binaries and nearly 200 MB of Sun Microsystems' software patches.  
Prices vary from $260 to $330 depending on whether you are a SUG member 
and if your location is domestic or international.  The contents appear 
to be quite impressive and Dr Chaos has an electronic copy of the order 
form if you are interested.

--------------------------------------------------
Radio Shack CD-ROM drive (continued)

In the last issue we reported that Radio Shack was selling a CD-ROM unit 
and expansion card for PCs at $399.  The local dealer did call back and 
let Dr Chaos know that the drives were available 5-6 days after you 
place an order.  We blindly (blush) reported the information from Byte 
that the drives were a little slow on access time but transferred data 
at a rapid 150 KB/sec -- we didn't realize at the time that *all* CD-ROM 
drives transfer data at 150 KB/sec.  There is a very nice summary of CD-
ROM technology written in 1988 by Andy Poggio of Apple Computer that Dr 
Chaos  has enjoyed.  "If you are buying a CD-ROM drive, ... two factors 
NOT to consider are capacity and data rate.  The capacity of all CR-ROM 
drives is determined solely by the CD they are reading. ... All CD-ROM 
drives read data at a net 150 Kbytes/sec for CD-ROM data."  This summary 
is in the archives for the CDROM-L mailing list on BITNET, maintained by 
the LISTSERV at UCCVMA.  Let Dr. Chaos know if you need more info.

--------------------------------------------------
Unix Windows on DOS (multiple Unix sessions on one line)

The fascinating program award this time goes to some software called 
Unix Windows.  While running from a single DOS PC over a single 
communications port, Unix Windows allows you to have up to seven shells 
running at once. The protocol requires you to have a server running on 
the remote Unix machine to manage the switching between windows, etc. 
The author promises to have a new version out Real Soon Now that 
includes many more features (like X/Zmodem file transfer), and he speaks 
in glowing terms of a future version written to run under Windows 3.  
For now, you can get the programs from wuarchive.wustl.edu in the 
/mirrors/msdos/modem directory under the name UWPC105.ZIP.

--------------------------------------------------
More AIX software archived software

On the RS/6000 AIX 3.1 front, byron.u.washington.edu has collected 
programs that have been ported to AIX 3.1.  Dr. Chaos poked around at 
the site and found things like kermit, emacs, and xntp among other 
things.  If you have an IBM RS/6000, it might be a good place to keep an 
eye on (or a good place to contribute to if you have already ported some 
software).

--------------------------------------------------
GIF weather map updated hourly

For those of you more interested in looking at a tube than out the 
window, how do you get a picture of what the weather is like?  The 
answer is that at site vmd.cso.uiuc.edu in directory phil.515 there is a 
GIF image of a national weather map containing  station reports, 
isobars, the radar summary, any current severe weather watch boxes, and 
the latest position plot of warm and cold fronts.  At approximately 15 
minutes past the hour you can retrieve the just-updated file wxmap.gif 
and see what's going on across the nation (even better than looking out 
the window, right?).

--------------------------------------------------
Mac utilities for viewing GIF image files

If you would like to be able to view GIF files and you are most 
comfortable with the Macintosh environment, the most popular utilities 
seem to be Giffer and QuickGif.  Dr. Chaos hasn't used either program 
but has just sent copies to his delta-tester.  If the tester promises to 
report back, he will be told where he can access "cowgirl.gif" (*only* 
as an experiment to test the features of the programs).  The programs 
came from (where else) wuarchive.wustl.edu in the /mirrors/info-
mac/art/gif directory and the files are named giffer-110b1.hqx and 
quick-gif.hqx, respectively.  Dr. Chaos is having trouble with this 
delta-tester since BinHex seems to consistently give a checksum error 
for files this guy downloads from VM/CMS (even though binary transfers 
have been done in all cases).  Righteous Dr.Chaos is *confident* the 
*HE* is not doing anything incorrectly -- does anyone have suggestions 
for the tester?

--------------------------------------------------
GIF, fractals, balls

While cruising the network, Dr. Chaos noted in the download statistics 
from garbo (a well known archive site in Finland) that the file 
balls2.gif was being downloaded very frequently.  Quickly checking 
wuarchive in the /graphics/gif/b (the GIF files are stored in the 
directory corresponding to their first letter) directory, he transferred 
the rather large file (over 500KB) to pelican (a RS/6000).  Using the 
motifgif program to display the file, he discovered that balls2.gif is a 
beautiful picture that appears to be the Mandelbrot set in 3-D, where 
the surfaces are silvered balls that show the reflections of the other 
balls.  His immediate reaction was to transfer it to puffin (a PS/2-80 
running DOS/Windows), use the WinGif program to convert the GIF file to 
a BMP-format file the same size as the screen (768x1024 pixels), and 
then load it as wallpaper (the Windows background).  It is really great!

That's all for now.  If you would like to receive electronic copies of 
Chaos Corner or have comments/questions/objections, send them to:
     rdc@cornella.cit.cornell.edu 
 .---.             .-.    /                   
( /  |  ,_.       /  :   /_    __     __   __ 
 /   | /  :      /      /  )   __)   /  ) (_  
/__,/ /   :_ @  (__./  /   (_ (__(_ (__/ ___) (I have a Master's degree)
