SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.II   September, 1924   No.9 
 
WHAT IS MASONRY? 
 
by: Unknown 
LANDMARKS 
 
You are now a member, with all the rights and privileges, of the oldest and 
largest fraternal order of the world.  Seeking this membership solely of 
your own free will and accord, you have advanced through its three degrees 
by virtue of your worthiness and diligence.  It is, therefore, safe to 
assume that you are sincerely interested in knowing what Masonry is and for 
what it stands in its relationship to modern civilization. 
 
Many definitions of Masonry have been attempted, but it is doubtful if any 
is better than the one with which you are familiar: 
 
A beautiful system of morals, veiled in allegory and illustrated by 
symbols.: 
A fuller definition is the following: 
 
"Masonry is the activity of closely united men who, employing symbolical 
forms borrowed principally from the mason's trade and from architecture, 
work for the welfare of mankind, striving morally to ennoble themselves and 
others and thereby bring about a universal league of mankind, which they 
aspire to exhibit even now on a small scale." 
 
You have already learned that Masonry is a serious undertaking and that it 
exists to make men "Wiser and Consequently Happier."  It is a great force 
for good - a force that binds into one universal brotherhood men who 
believe in the power of moral principles.  Its teachings, based on those 
eternal truths that have from the beginning of time controlled human 
progress, are so broad that they have the foundation upon which rest the 
dogmas and creeds of all religious denominations.  The interpretation of 
moral truth, as expounded in its ritual and lectures, forms the basis of 
all human efforts for good and of all wise and just government systems.  It 
is well for us to start out in our Masonic pathway with this conception of 
the breadth of Masonic teaching and their entire freedom from all narrow 
dogmas.  The true Mason, in matters of doctrine, is always tolerant and can 
never be a bigot. 
 
At the foundation of all Masonic belief lies the most important of our 
Landmarks - the belief in the Fatherhood of God.  As you well know, it is 
an essential to Masonic membership.  It is the one fundamental tenet of the 
Order, an abiding bond of union that unites all men of every country, sect 
and opinion, who have faith in the power of good.  Masonry seeks neither to 
limit your conception of God nor your interpretation of his Manifestations.  
These are left to your intelligence and your conscience.  It does require, 
however, that you believe unreservedly in the existence of a Supreme Being, 
Architect and Ruler of the Universe. 
 
As the chief conerstone of your Masonic belief is that other important 
Landmark, the recognition of the  Brotherhood of Man.  A third Landmark 
follows as a result of the of the first two - "The Hope of a Glorious 
Immortality."  Beyond these three Landmarks Masonry asks it follower to 
subscribe to no religious creed.  Its teachings and practices follow 
naturally as an interpretation of these beliefs. 
 
You heard more or less about the universality of Masonry.   
 
It is universal because it is broad and tolerant.  Any man, of any Church 
or creed, who professes a belief in these three Landmarks is eligible for 
Masonry, so far as his religion is concerned. 
 
HISTORY 
 
In considering briefly the history of Masonry, it may be necessary for you 
to disabuse your mind of some preconceived ideas.  Certainly we have no 
knowledge of the Masonic Fraternity, as we now know it, existing at a 
period so remote as that of the building of King Solomon's Temple.  The 
references in our ritualistic work to the building of that famous edifice 
are purely allegorical.  History teaches us that thousands of years ago 
there were in existence secret organizations that accepted many of the 
essential moral truths taught by our Order today.  What connection, if any, 
they may have had with Masonry we shall probably never know, as the early 
history of our Fraternity is chiefly traditional and clouded in a dim and 
indefinite past. 
 
As an established organization, Masonry took form several centuries ago 
when Operative Masonry flourished, and Masonic Guilds, and later 
fraternities, devoted their attention to the construction of buildings.  
During these early days the operative masons held lodge meetings in a 
building which was guarded to prevent the approach of those not members of 
the Craft.  They met in secret, admitted members by initiation and taught 
the initiates the symbolism of the order as well as how to make themselves 
known to each other by grips and signs.  Whatever we do not know concerning 
the beginnings of Masonry, we do see in all its history a body of men, 
bound by ties of fraternity, working for the common good and for the 
preservation of moral truths, unhampered by bigotry or blind intolerance. 
 
Operative Masonry, associated with the erection of buildings, began to 
decline as a result of wars and changing economic conditions during the 
seventeenth century.  In order to hold the lodges together, the members 
began to admit men, who, though not working as masons, were attracted by 
the traditions, symbolism and teachings of the Craft.  They were called 
"Accepted" Masons, to distinguish them from those who practiced the art.  
As the years went on, the number of "Accepted" Masons grew until, by the 
opening of the eighteenth century, they predominated, and Operative Masonry 
was transformed into Speculative Masonry.  In 1717 the four "Old Lodges" 
formed the Grand Lodge of England, and Masonry, as we now practice it began 
to take form; and by 1726 the Ritual, essentially as we know it today, was 
developed.  As a result, there occurred a great Masonic awakening that 
brought the Fraternity to the front as an active force in the thought and 
life of England.  Since that time Masonry has been taught and practiced in 
its present form substantially without change, and its membership has 
continued to grow until today, in the United States alone, we have about 
three million Masons (1924). 
 
Mackey defines Speculative Masonry as the "Scientific Application and the 
Religious Consecration of the Rules and Principles, the Language, 
Implements and Materials of Operative Masonry to the Veneration of God." 
Newton, in his Masonic Masterpiece, "The Builders," a book that should be 
in the hands of every Masonic student, refers to the change to Speculative 
Masonry in these words: 
 
"Henceforth the Masons of England were no longer a society of 
handicraftsmen, but an association of men of all orders and every vocation, 
and also of almost every creed, who met together on the broad basis of 
humanity, and recognized no standard of human worth other than morality, 
kindness and love of truth.  They retained the symbolism of the old 
Operative Masonry, its language, its ritual and its oral tradition.  No 
longer did they build churches but the spiritual temple of Humanity; using 
the square not to measure the right angles of blocks of stone, but for 
evening the inequities of human character; nor the compass any more to 
describe circles on the tracing board, but to draw a Circle of Good-Will 
around all mankind." 
 
It is a remarkable fact that in Masonry we have an Order whose ritual, 
landmarks and teachings have remained unchanged for more than 200 years.  
They have stood the critical test of their application to the problems of 
humanity under vastly varying conditions and today stand as sound and as 
true as when they were formulated.  Whilst denominational religions have 
constantly changed their creeds to adapt them to the advance of human 
knowledge, Masonry finds her interpretations of the principles of the 
Fatherhood of God and the Brotherhood of man just as vital, just as useful 
in the correction of human conduct as they were over two hundred years ago.  
Masonry is not worthy because it is old; it is old because it is true. 
 
No page in Masonic history is more eloquent in its record of influence on 
human endeavor than the part taken by Masons in the early days of our 
Republic.  Masonic gatherings of one form or another were held prior to 
1730.  By 1735 Grand Lodges had been formed in several of the states, and 
lodges were becoming quite numerous.  Thereafter the growth and influence 
of Masonry in the United States was marked, and members of the Fraternity 
everywhere were prominent in the cause of liberty and a free government.  
Most of the signers of the Declaration of Independence, most of the members 
of the Constitutional Convention, and all of the governors of the original 
thirteen states, were Masons.  Washington, a Mason, was sworn in as 
President of the United States by Chancellor Robert Livingston, who was 
also the Grand Master of New York, on a Bible taken from a Masonic Altar.  
Most of his Generals, including Lafayette, Von Stuben and Knox, his closet 
friend, were members of the Craft.  Among a host of other Masonic Patriots 
and Soldiers might be mentioned Benjamin Franklin, Joseph Warren , Patrick 
Henry, Josiah Quincy, Paul Revere, Alexander Hamilton and Chief Justice 
Marshall; men who took their Masonic teachings seriously and wove them into 
the fabric and foundation of our national government.  Ever since these 
early days, many of the leading statesmen, patriots, writers, poets, 
artists and musicians; leaders in all lines of thought and progress both in 
this and other civilized nations, have been masons. 
 
TEACHINGS 
 
Every newly raised Brother should make it a point to read, thoughtfully, 
the Landmarks and Ancient Charges of Masonry.  You will find them in your 
handbook of Masonic Law of which they form the foundation.  They are of 
great antiquity and they will give you an understanding of the broad scope 
of Masonic belief.  Notice, for example, how sound and true, in these days 
of unrest and strife, are the teachings of the first two Ancient Charges 
"Concerning God and Religion," and "Of the Civil Magistrate, Supreme and 
Subordinate, even though they are more than two centuries old; and 
overlooking the quaint language of the time when they were written, how 
applicable they are to our present problems.  
 
The mission of Masonry concerns itself with the individual.  
 
You will find nothing in our teachings to encourage organized participation 
by the Fraternity in community, state or national affairs involving 
politics or religion.  On the contrary, we are taught to eliminate from our 
lodge room discussions on all questions likely to involve party or 
fractional strife.  Masonry seeks to inculcate in the individual those 
moral truths that can become, if he will use them, his faithful guide 
through life.  Time has proved that you cannot make men good by 
legislation; that no elaborate system of laws can change men's natures or 
their hearts; and that the unit of morality and human progress is the 
individual.  By lessons, mainly symbolical, Masonry points the way for him 
to lay down his rules of conduct, and by giving him knowledge of the 
fundamentals, seeks to develop his integrity, judgment and ideals. 
 
Now that are a Master Mason you will be expected to take your share of 
responsibility for properly safeguarding the welfare and progress of your 
lodge.  Remember that the Blue Lodge is the ground floor of all Masonic 
endeavor the world over, and that while degrees of the Chapter, Commandry 
and Scottish Rite, in which some time you may become interested, offer much 
that is beautiful and valuable in developing Masonic teachings, yet the 
real work of Masonry is carried on in the body of which you are now a 
member.  All the business affairs of your lodge are conducted in the Third 
degree, including such material matters as finance and property interests, 
relations with other lodges, and election of officers. In this connection 
you will be called upon to exercise the privilege of voting on all those 
who petition your lodge for the Masonic degrees, and you must accordingly 
accept your share of responsibility for the character of its membership. 
 
The true Mason, on such occasions, divorces from his mind all thoughts of 
personal bias and considers only the welfare of the lodge, asking himself 
if the petitioner is a man who can understand and apply the principles and 
ideals of Masonry and prove himself worthy of the Fraternity.  The right to 
elect or reject a petitioner is a trust placed in a member to be exercised, 
not for personal reasons, but for the benefit of the lodge.  And bear in 
mind that a worthy petitioner, even though rejected, may apply again; 
whereas unworthy material, once accepted by the lodge, can, with 
difficulty, be ejected. 
 
As you progress in your knowledge and interest in Masonic affairs, you not 
only have the fullest right to participate, in all meetings, in the 
business and discussions; but you are expected to do so and it is your duty 
to assist, whenever occasion arises, in any activity which aids the healthy 
development of the lodge of which you are now a member. 
 
The Masonic Lodge is the one place where all men, of every station in life, 
may meet on the basis of true equality.   
 
President Roosevelt (Teddy). writing shortly before his death, called 
attention to the fact that while he was President of the United States, the 
gardener on a neighbor's estate, "A Most Excellent Public Spirited Citizen, 
was Master of His Lodge;" 
 
And he adds: 
 
"He was over me, though I was President, and it was good for him and good 
for me.  I violate no secret when I say that one of the greatest values in 
Masonry is that it affords an opportunity for men in all walks of life to 
meet on common ground, where all men are equal and have one common 
interest." 
 
William Jennings Bryan expresses the same idea thus: 
 
"In a lodge room we do not ask a man who his father was; we simply inquire 
what he is.  We do not ask what his father has done; we simply ask if he is 
ready to do the work that falls to him.  We do not ask whether he has 
received a diploma from some institution of learning; we simply ask if he 
has studied the science of how to live, if he recognizes the ties that bind 
him to mankind.  We do not ask him how many acres of land he possesses; we 
ask him whether he is possessed of the spirit of Brotherhood.  The lodge 
room helps to draw us together; it helps to unify the world." 
 
WHAT MASONRY CAN DO TODAY 
 
Having now discussed both the History and Teachings of Masonry, let us 
consider their application and your relationship thereto.  Interested 
though you may be in what Masonry did for your country a hundred years ago, 
you are certainly more interested in what it can do for the world today. 
 
We are taught that Masonry is a progressive science.  For some two hundred 
years Freemasonry has adapted to life's problems the unchangeable moral 
principles handed down by Operative Masonry.  Just as the rules of 
architecture adapt themselves to all forms of buildings, so do the truths 
of Masonry apply themselves to the manifold questions of our present 
civilization.  From Operative Masonry to Speculative Masonry was a change 
demanded by progress; and the same spirit of progress demands today a 
virile interpretation of our teachings in the form of Applied Masonry. 
 
In this connection, have you thought about your new responsibilities as a 
Mason?  Voluntarily, you have allied yourself with a fraternity that stands 
for certain ideals and recognizes certain duties that it owes to mankind.  
You have thereby incurred certain responsibilities that were not yours 
before.  Henceforth you will be known as a Mason; and no matter whether you 
wish it or not, the world will, to a certain extent, judge Masonry by the 
life you lead and the service you render to your fellowmen.  You cannot 
escape this fact; and these words are written in vain if they do not 
convince you, definitely and earnestly, of your responsibility.  That other 
Masons may not always recognize this fact, or live up to it, does not in 
the least relieve you from your duty to put your Masonic teachings into 
practice in your daily life and apply Masonic standards to your rules of 
conduct.  Freemasons are presumed to be men of integrity and good standing, 
and as such are usually influential in their communities; and just so far 
as this is true, a moral obligation rests upon every Mason to maintain that 
reputation and to actively exert some influence for the common good.  From 
this time on your attitude cannot be passive alone; you cannot shirk duty; 
and the duty of Freemasonry toward present day problems is quite plain.  As 
a good Mason you will make it your concern to learn that duty and to 
perform it. 
 
Masonry will mean to you just what you make of it in your daily life and 
influence.  If you confine your Masonic activities to ritualistic work 
within the seclusion of your lodge room, your conception of its mission is 
indeed a limited one.  But if you are going to translate that work into 
terms of practical applica-tion of its lessons, for the benefit of yourself 
and your fellow man, you will realize that Freemasonry is synonymous with 
Service and Civic Duty. 
 
Let us then, briefly, consider a few aspects of Masonry in its application 
to modern civic problems. 
 
UNIVERSAL EDUCATION 
 
Freemasonry has always stood, and stands today, four-square for free and 
compulsory education.  Good citizenship rests on the ideals and integrity 
of the electorate, and a man's ideals and integrity can be no better than 
his knowledge.  Our Masonic forefathers were the founders and supporters of 
the American Public School system.  It is a heritage handed down to the 
Masons of today to guard, protect and foster.  It is our Masonic duty to 
see to it that the American Public School, one of the bulwarks of our 
nation, is maintained at the highest degree of efficiency, under the sole 
dominion of the State, and entirely free from interference by other 
influence, political or ecclesiastical.  It becomes our duty to see to it 
that those who teach our children, the future citizens of our Republic, are 
not only properly qualified for their work, but that they recognize their 
responsibility as trustees of our national development and that they shall 
be not only citizens of our country, speaking our language, but men and 
women imbued with the spirit and purpose that originated our public school 
system and who cherish American ideals beyond any other influence, 
political or ecclesiastical. 
Education is the chief factor in fostering a spirit of true Americanism. 
 
RELIGIOUS LIBERTY 
 
One of the fundamentals guaranteed to us in our system of government is 
religious liberty and absolute separation of Church and State.  The history 
of Masonry is the story of the development of liberty of conscience in 
religious matters.  Masons - many of them Masters and Wardens of lodges - 
at the birth of our nation, wrote into our  Constitution those precious 
provisions which insure our religious freedom.  This heritage surely we of 
today should defend; because we accept it as our right, we are sometimes 
blinded to the dangers that threaten its continuance.  Freemasonry insists 
that no church, of whatever denomination, can be superior to the state, and 
that it cannot intrude its dogma into civic and governmental affairs 
without interfering with the constitutional rights of the citizen. 
 
LAW AND ORDER 
 
"A Mason is a peaceable subject to the civil Powers, wherever he resides or 
works, and is never to be concerned in Plots or Conspiracies against the 
Peace and Welfare of the Nation."  So reads the Ancient Charge; and Masonry 
has ever been an ardent champion of the constituted authority of self-
government.  Today we find these principals attacked, not by autocracy and 
despotism, but by anarchy and communism.  The attitude of Freemasonry 
toward these influences cannot be questioned.  When, in 1919, the city of 
Boston - scene of the "Boston tea Party" which was conducted by Masons (not 
as Masons but as individuals) - was imperiled by lawlessness and violence 
occasioned by a strike of the police force, the Grand Lodge of 
Massachusetts was not satisfied to remain silent as to the position of 
Freemasonry, but adopted a set of resolutions that breathe the same spirit 
of devotion to principal that animated organized Masonry in Washington's 
time.  They close with the following words: 
 
"Resolved, that Americans today face no more important task than that of 
asserting and maintaining the supremacy of the law of the land and 
resisting any and all efforts, by whomsoever made, to undermine and destroy 
that law-abiding spirit and habit which is the foundation stone of our 
liberties; and be it further, resolved, that this Grand Lodge requests the 
Grand Master to communicate these resolutions to his Excellency the 
Governor of the Commonwealth, and to his Honor the Mayor of Boston, with 
the assurance that the 80,000 citizens here represented offer full sympathy 
and whatever aid may be possible in their efforts to assert and maintain 
the supremacy of the law and to protect the peace of the community." 
 
Wholehearted respect for the law of the land is a fundamental requirement 
of every Mason and it is a Masonic duty to combat the enemies of our 
constitutional government.  Masonry is Organized Patriotism. 
 
CHARITY AND BROTHERHOOD 
 
We will consider these together since they are similar in spirit and 
intent.  The lesson of Charity was taught to you in the First Degree, but 
you misinterpret this lesson if you confine it to material relief alone.  
The true spirit of Charity that should animate a Mason not, only in his 
relations with his Brethren but with his fellowmen, is closely allied to 
that of Brotherhood; and true Brotherhood - the cornerstone of Freemasonry 
- cannot very well be separated from human service. 
 
At no period of the world's history has the principle of Brotherhood 
applied with greater force to the problems of civilization than today, 
particularly in its relation to industrial conditions.  More and more do we 
realize that in discussions between capital and labor the doctrine of 
selfishness breeds disaster; that might is not right between groups any 
more than between individuals; and that man cannot be independent of his 
fellowman.  When the spirit and practice of brotherliness is applied to our 
industrial problems and we begin to think more of our duty toward our 
fellowman rather than of our rights against him, then will we be applying 
our Masonic teachings.  With unrest and bitterness in evidence on all 
sides, it is no time for true Masons to be sitting in their lodge rooms 
soliloquizing on the past and discussing ritualistic technicalities.  
Rather should we be translating the symbolism of Freemasonry into 
helpfulness and true Brotherhood.  How changed would be the social and 
industrial conditions of our nation if, instead of attempting to solve 
disputes by strikes and riots, we would apply, in a practical way, the 
Masonic precepts of "Who Best Can Work and Best Agree!" 
 
The whole history of mankind shows that there is no substitute for 
brotherliness.  Professions of Brotherhood in a Masonic lodge are of no 
avail unless they are put into practice in daily life.  It is the task of 
each individual Mason, in his contemplation of national, state and local 
problems, to apply these age-old, unselfish and fundamental principles 
revealed in the ritual. 
 
SERVICE 
 
If Freemasonry stands for anything at all, it stands for Service. 
 
The hope and purpose of this discussion is to create in your mind as a 
newly made Mason. a new vision  of greater usefulness to your fellowman.  
You have not joined a mere club.  You have allied yourself with a body of 
nearly three million men of all parties, or all religions, of all degrees 
of mental equipment.  We represent the manhood of America.  Our 
predecessors laid the foundation of this democracy, and we are tied by the 
same bonds of obligation to protect our Republic and the principles for 
which it stands.  As you progress further on the Masonic pathway you will 
realize that the full duty that you owe to your country and your fellowman 
is not discharged by passively retaining your Masonic membership.  
Freemasons are builders, Creators, men engaged in constructive 
undertakings, and you as one of them cannot stand back and merely watch 
your felloworkers.  You believe in Brotherhood, not as a platitude, but as 
a reality to be applied in daily life - and Brotherhood implies Service. 
 
Every Degree in Masonry carries a lesson that points to civic duty and our 
relationship with each other in social and business life.  Consider, for 
example, the Masonic admonition  concerning the division of our time and 
apply it to the disturbed labor conditions of today (1924).  "Eight Hours 
for our usual vocations," although recognized by Masons two centuries ago 
as a sane basis for a day's work, is now claimed by labor as a standard.  
But to go a step further, and induce your fellowman to accept that other 
admonition which requires "Eight Hours for the Service of God and a 
Distressed Worthy Brother,: and you have translated the doctrine of Service 
into daily life in a way that would solve all our labor problems. 
 
Though not interested in politics or platforms, though not concerned with 
personalities, Masonry nevertheless, through education of the individual, 
stands squarely for moral principles in all civic affairs.  She believes 
that "Eternal Vigilance is the Price of Liberty," and that the privileges 
of a free government are worth guarding; that her philosophy of human 
brotherhood squares with real Americanism; and that her manhood is a great 
moral force for the common good.  and, believing this, she expects every 
man who subscribes to her obligations to practice the lessons she teaches. 
 
MAY YOU, MY BROTHER, DO YOUR PART! 
 

