SHORT TALK BULLETIN - Vol.IV     March, 1926     No.3

THE CABLE-TOW

by: Unknown

The Cable-Tow, we are told, is purely Masonic in its meaning and use.  
It is so defined in the dictionary, but not always accurately, which 
shows that we ought not depend upon the ordinary dictionary for the 
truth about Masonic terms.  Masonry has its own vocabulary and uses 
it in its own ways.  Nor can our words always be defined for the 
benefit of the profane.

Even in Masonic lore the word cable-tow varies in form and use.  In 
an early pamphlet by Pritard, issued in 1730, and meant to be an 
exposure of Masonry, the cable-tow is a called a "Cable-Rope," and in 
another edition a "Tow-Line." The same word "Tow-Line" is used in a 
pamphlet called "A Defense of Masonry," written, it is believed, by 
Anderson as a reply to Pritchard about the same time.  In neither 
pamphlet is the word used in exactly the form and sense in which it 
is used today; and in a note Pritchard, wishing to make everything 
Masonic absurd, explains it as meaning "The Roof of the Mouth!"
In English lodges, the Cable-Tow, like the hoodwink, is used only in 
the first degree, and has no symbolical meaning at all, apparently.  
In American lodges it is used in all three degrees, and has almost 
too many meanings.  Some of our American teachers - Pike among them - 
see no meaning in the cable-tow beyond its obvious use in leading an 
initiate into the lodge, and the possible use of withdrawing him from 
it should he be unwilling or unworthy to advance.

To some of us this non-symbolical idea and use of the cable-tow is 
very strange, in view of what Masonry is in general, and particularly 
in its ceremonies of initiation.  For Masonry is a chamber of 
imagery.  The whole Lodge is a symbol.  Every object, every act is 
symbolical.  The whole fits together into a system of symbolism by 
which Masonry veils, and yet reveals, the truth it seeks to teach to 
such as have eyes to see and are ready to receive it.

As far back as we can go in the history of initiation, we find the 
cable-two, or something like it, used very much as it is used in a 
Masonic Lodge today.  No matter what the origin and form of the word 
as we employ it may be - whether from the Hebrew "Khabel," or the 
Dutch "cabel," both meaning a rope - the fact is the same.  In India, 
in Egypt and in most of the ancient Mysteries, a cord or cable was 
used in the same way and for the same purpose.

In the meaning, so far as we can make it out, seems to have been some 
kind of pledge - a vow in which a man pledged his life.  Even outside 
initiatory rites we find it employed, as, for example, in a striking 
scene recorded in the Bible (I Kings 20:31,32), the description of 
which is almost Masonic.  The King of Syria, Ben-hada, had been 
defeated in battle by the King of Israel and his servants are making 
a plea for his life. They approach the King of Israel "with ropes 
upon their heads," and speak of his "Brother, Ben-hadad."
Why did they wear ropes, or nouses, on their heads?  

Evidently to symbolize a pledge of some sort, given in a Lodge or 
otherwise, between the two Kings, of which they wished to remind the 
King of Israel.  The King of Israel asked:  "Is he yet alive?  He is 
my brother."  Then we read that the servants of the Syrian King 
watched to see if the King of Israel made any sign, and, catching his 
sign, they brought the captive King of Syria before him.  Not only 
was the life of the King of Syria spared, but a new pledge was made 
between the two men.

The cable-tow, then, is the outward and visible symbol of a vow in 
which a man has pledged his life, or has pledged himself to save 
another life at the risk of his own.  Its length and strength are 
measured by the ability of the man to fulfill his obligation and his 
sense of the moral sanctity of his obligation - a test, that is, both 
of his capacity and of his character.

If a lodge is a symbol of the world, and initiation is our birth into 
the world of Masonry, the cable-tow is not unlike the cord which 
unites a child to its mother at birth; and so it is usually 
interpreted.  Just as the physical cord, when cut, is replaced by a 
tie of love and obligation between mother and child, so, in one of 
the most impressive moments of initiation, the cable-tow is removed, 
because the brother, by his oath at the Altar of Obligation, is bound 
by a tie stronger than any physical cable.  What before was an 
outward physical restraint has become a inward moral constraint.  
That is to say, force is replaced by love - outer authority by inner 
obligation - and that is the secret of security and the only basis of 
brotherhood.

The cable-tow is the sign of the pledge of the life of a man.  As in 
his oath he agrees to forfeit his life if his vow is violated, so, 
positively, he pledges his life to the service of the Craft.  He 
agrees to go to the aid of a Brother, using all his power in his 
behalf, "if within the length of his cable-tow," which means, if 
within the reach of his power.  How strange that any one should fail 
to see symbolical meaning in the cable-tow.  It is, indeed, the great 
symbol of the mystic tie which Masonry spins and weaves between men, 
making them Brothers and helpers one of another.

But, let us remember that a cable-tow has two ends.  If it binds a 
Mason to the Fraternity, by the same fact it binds the Fraternity to 
each man in it.  The one obligation needs to be emphasized as much as 
the other.  Happily, in our day we are beginning to see the other 
side of the obligation - that the Fraternity is under vows to its 
members to guide, instruct and train them for the effective service 
of the Craft and of humanity.  Control, obedience, direction or 
guidance - these are the three meanings of the cable-tow, as it is 
interpreted by the best insight of the Craft.

Of course, by Control we do not mean that Masonry commands us in the 
same sense that it uses force.  Not at all.  Masonry rules men as 
beauty rules an artist, as love rules a lover.  It does not drive; it 
draws.  It controls us, shapes us through its human touch and its 
moral nobility.  By the same method, by the same power it wins 
obedience and gives guidance and direction to our lives.  At the 
Altar we take vows to follow and obey its high principles and ideals; 
and Masonic vows are not empty obligations - they are vows in which a 
man pledges his life and his sacred honor.

The old writers define the length of a cable-tow, which they 
sometimes call a "cables length," variously.  Some say it is seven 
hundred and twenty feet, or twice the measure of a circle.  Others 
say that the length of the cable-tow is three miles.  But such 
figures are merely symbolical, since in one man it may be three miles 
and in another it may easily be three thousand miles - or to the end 
of the earth.  For each Mason the cable-tow reaches as far as his 
moral principles go and his material conditions will allow.  Of that 
distance each must be his own judge, and indeed each does pass 
judgment upon himself accordingly, by his own acts in aid of others.


